 prologue the walk-in closet would be any girl 's dream . 
 a thick pink rug lay on the hardwood floor , perfect for bare toes first thing in the morning . 
 shelves and cubbies lined the walls , filled with designer purses and jewelry and dozens of shoes . 
 luxurious clothes in every color of the rainbow hung in careful rows : blouses and skirts in silk , cashmere , cotton . 
 for most girls , this closet would be heaven . 
 for me , it was just another reminder that heaven was exactly where i was n't . 
 next to me in the narrow space , my twin sister , emma paxton , ran her fingers through the rich fabrics of my clothes , her heart clenched in a knot of grief . 
 she has my exact chestnut hair and long legs , the same marine-blue eyes lined by dark lashes . 
 she is my identical twin , after all . 
 but even though i stood right next to her , hers was the only reflection in the three-way mirror at the end of the closet . 
 ever since i died , i 'd been invisible . 
 but somehow i still lingered among the living , attached through forces i do n't understand to the long-lost sister i never had a chance to meet . 
 the sister who 'd been forced by my killer to take over my life . 
 since my death , emma had fooled all my friends and family into thinking she was me , sutton mercer . 
 she 'd been fighting tooth and nail to find out what happened the night i died , and she 'd managed to eliminate my family and my best friends as suspects . 
 but the leads were quickly dwindling , the clues drying up . 
 and the killer was still watching , somewhere in the shadows , making sure she did n't step out of line . 
 now emma stood in socks and underwear , a dazed expression on her face as she stared up at my wardrobe . 
 it seemed ridiculous that after everything that had happened-the losses she 'd suffered , the terror she 'd lived in-the simple act of getting dressed could feel so overwhelming . 
 but maybe it was because of her losses , because of her terror , that the simplest choices had turned complicated in her agitated mind . 
 emma had never had this kind of closet in her old life . 
 placed in the foster system of las vegas after our mother , becky , abandoned her , emma moved from home to home with her secondhand t-shirts packed in a duffel bag . 
 i had so many clothes , so many dresses : short and tight or long and flowing , in bright wild prints or plain blocked color , with sequins or ruching or lace trim . 
 there were , of course , more than a half dozen in black to choose from . 
 suddenly , emma began to tremble . 
 she sank to the plush rug , hugging her arms around her knees as tears rolled down her cheeks . 
 `` what happened to you , nisha ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` what were you trying to tell me ? '' 
 it 'd been nearly two weeks since nisha banerjee , my old rival , was discovered floating facedown in her pool . 
 the announcement sent shock waves through the school . 
 nisha was involved in dozens of activities , and while she was n't quite the queen bee i 'd been , everyone knew her . 
 the rumor mill started up almost immediately . 
 nisha was athletic and a strong swimmer-half the school had been to a pool party at her house at one time or another . 
 how could she have drowned ? 
 was it just a freak accident ? 
 or could it have been something darker-a drug overdose ? 
 suicide ? 
 but emma and i knew better . 
 the day of her death , nisha had been desperately trying to reach emma , calling her over and over . 
 emma had n't called back at first because she 'd been so distracted by my secret boyfriend , thayer vega , insisting that there was something different about her and that he was going to find out what it was . 
 by the time emma did call her , nisha was already dead , and emma had a feeling that it was n't a coincidence . 
 if emma was right , if nisha stumbled on some kind of information about my death , then she was the latest victim in my murderer 's deadly game . 
 whoever killed me was still out there-and was willing to kill again to keep his or her secret buried . 
 emma finally got to her feet , rubbing the tears away impatiently . 
 grieving for nisha was a luxury she could n't afford . 
 she needed to figure out what happened the night i died , before someone else she cared about paid the price-and before the killer eliminated her , too . 
 1 what a tangled web we weave `` it was almost two weeks ago that this local girl was found dead in her family 's pool , '' the newscaster 's voice intoned as an image of nisha filled the screen on a saturday in late november . 
 emma stood in front of sutton 's desk , streaming the local news coverage about nisha while she got dressed for nisha 's funeral . 
 she was n't sure why she was watching ; she knew the details already . 
 maybe hearing them repeated often enough would make her finally believe it was true : nisha was really gone . 
 the newscaster , a slender latina in a mauve blazer , stood in front of a contemporary ranch house that emma knew well . 
 nisha 's home was the first place she went as sutton , the night madeline vega and the twitter twins , lilianna and gabriella fiorello , `` kidnapped '' her from the park bench where she 'd been waiting to meet her twin for the very first time . 
 emma remembered how irritated nisha had seemed when emma walked into the party-nisha and sutton had been rivals for years . 
 but over the past month , emma had started to form a tentative friendship with the tennis team cocaptain . 
 `` the girl was discovered by her father just after eight p.m. last monday . 
 in an official statement , the tucson police have determined that there is no evidence of foul play and are treating the death as an accident . 
 but many questions remain . '' 
 the camera cut to clara , a girl emma knew from the varsity tennis team . 
 her eyes were wide and shocked , her face pale . 
 nisha 's classmate appeared at the bottom third of the screen below her . 
 `` a lot of people are saying it might have been ... it might have been intentional . 
 because nisha was so driven , you know ? 
 how much can one person do before they ... they crack ? '' 
 tears filled clara 's eyes . 
 the camera cut away again , replacing clara with a teenage boy . 
 emma did a double take . 
 it was her boyfriend , ethan landry . 
 nisha 's neighbor , said the caption below his face . 
 he wore a black button-down shirt and a black tie and was obviously leaving his house for the funeral . 
 emma 's knees weakened at the sight of him . 
 `` i did n't know her that well , '' ethan said . 
 his dark blue eyes were serious . 
 `` she always seemed really together to me . 
 but i guess you never know what secrets people are hiding . '' 
 the camera returned to the newscaster . 
 `` services will be held this afternoon at all faiths memorial park . 
 the family has requested that donations be made to the university of arizona hospital in lieu of flowers . 
 this is tricia melendez , signing off . '' 
 emma snapped the laptop closed and walked back into the closet . 
 the silence left in the wake of the chattering newscaster felt deep and sepulchral . 
 she 'd never been to a funeral before . 
 unlike most kids her age , who had lost grandparents or family friends , emma had never had anyone to lose . 
 she took a deep breath and started to flip through sutton 's black dresses , trying to decide which one would be appropriate . 
 i could n't remember if i 'd ever had reason to wear mourning black . 
 my dead-girl memory was frustratingly spotty . 
 i could remember vague , general attachments-to my house , to my parents-but very few concrete moments . 
 every now and then a memory would come back to me in a flash of sudden details , but i had n't figured out how to predict them , let alone trigger them . 
 i tried to remember my grandfather 's funeral , when laurel and i were six or seven . 
 had we held hands as we approached the casket ? 
 emma finally decided on a cashmere sweater-dress , taking it gently from its hanger and pulling it over her head . 
 the fit was a little clingy , but the cut was simple . 
 as she smoothed the delicate knit down over her hips , clara 's words echoed in her ears . 
 it might have been ... intentional . 
 thursday had been thanksgiving , and even though the holiday had been cheerless , emma was at least grateful for a few days away from school and the wild speculation about nisha . 
 the gossip did n't sit right with emma . 
 she 'd spent the weekend before with nisha , and she had n't seemed at all sad . 
 whatever insecurities had kept her and sutton at odds seemed to have finally evaporated , with a little help from emma 's kindness . 
 nisha had even helped emma break into the hospital mental health records to find out the truth about becky 's past . 
 for two awful weeks , emma had believed becky to be sutton 's killer-she 'd wanted to check her mother 's file to find out if her behavior had ever been violent . 
 now emma picked up sutton 's iphone , scrolling through the messages . 
 the day nisha died , she 'd called emma about a dozen times over the course of the morning , then finally sent her a single text : call me asap . 
 i have something to tell you . 
 she had n't left a voicemail , and there was no other explanation . 
 hours later , she 'd drowned . 
 it could be a coincidence , emma thought , tucking the phone into a black-and-white clutch with her wallet . 
 there 's no proof that anyone killed nisha , or that her death had anything to do with me . 
 but even as she thought the words , a grim conviction settled over the doubt and grief that occupied her heart . 
 she could n't afford to believe in coincidences anymore . 
 after all , how many long shots had brought her here ? 
 travis , her pothead foster brother , had just happened to stumble upon a fake snuff video of sutton that he 'd thought was emma . 
 she 'd conveniently arrived in tucson the day after her sister 's death , after spending eighteen years without even knowing she had a sister . 
 and now nisha had died the very same day she urgently had to talk to emma ? 
 no , not all of that could be chance . 
 she felt like a pawn under an invisible hand , being moved without volition across a chessboard in a game she barely understood . 
 and she could n't help but feel that nisha had just been sacrificed in the same game . 
 i watched as my sister fumbled with a handful of bobby pins , trying to sweep her hair up into a french twist . 
 emma was hopeless at updos-at anything but a simple ponytail , really . 
 i wished i could stand behind her and help . 
 i wished that we could get ready together and that i could hold her hand during the funeral . 
 i wished i could tell her i was right there when emma felt so very alone . 
 a soft knock sounded at the door . 
 emma spit out a bobby pin and looked up . 
 `` come in . '' 
 mr. mercer pushed the door open , wearing a tailored black suit and a blue-and-burgundy tie . 
 the gray in his hair seemed more pronounced than usual ; he 'd had a lot of secrets to keep lately . 
 emma had recently learned from him that becky was the mercers ' daughter-making emma their biological granddaughter . 
 now that she knew it , she could see the resemblance . 
 she had mr. mercer 's straight nose and bow-shaped lips . 
 but mr. mercer had kept becky 's reappearance from his wife and sutton 's sister , laurel . 
 `` hey , kiddo , '' he said , giving her a tentative smile . 
 `` how are you doing up here ? '' 
 emma opened her mouth to say fine , but after a moment she closed it and shrugged . 
 she did n't know how to answer that question , but she certainly was n't fine . 
 mr. mercer nodded , then let out a heavy breath . 
 `` you 've been through so much . '' 
 he was talking about more than nisha . 
 as if her friend 's death were n't enough , emma had recently seen becky , her own mother , for the first time in thirteen years . 
 emma had managed to prove that becky was innocent of sutton 's murder , but the image of becky strapped to a hospital bed , frothing at the mouth , still haunted her dreams . 
 she 'd spent so many years wondering what had happened to her mom , but she 'd never realized how ill becky was . 
 how unstable . 
 she picked up the small black-and-white clutch she 'd packed with tissues . 
 `` i 'm ready to go . '' 
 her grandfather nodded . 
 `` why do n't you come down to the living room first , sutton ? 
 i think it 's time to have a family meeting . '' 
 `` family meeting ? '' 
 mr. mercer nodded . 
 `` laurel and mom are already waiting . '' 
 emma bit her lip . 
 she 'd never been to anything like a family meeting before and did n't know what to expect . 
 she stood unsteadily on sutton 's black wedges and followed mr. mercer down the staircase and through the bright entryway . 
 crisp , early-afternoon light flooded through the high window . 
 the mercers ' living room was decorated in luxe southwestern colors-lots of earthy reds and tans paired with navajo chevron prints . 
 paintings of desert flowers hung on the walls , and a steinway baby grand stood gleaming beneath one window . 
 mrs. mercer and laurel were already there , sitting close together on the wide leather couch . 
 as with mr. mercer , emma could see her own resemblance to her grandmother now that she knew to look for it . 
 they had the same marine-blue eyes , the same slender frame . 
 mrs. mercer looked nervous , her lipstick torn where she 'd been biting her lip . 
 next to her , laurel sat with her legs crossed , jiggling one foot up and down anxiously . 
 her honey-blonde hair was twisted back in the exact updo emma had been trying to pull off . 
 she 'd chosen a black pencil skirt and a button-down blouse for the occasion , and she wore a tiny gold bracelet with a charm shaped like a tennis racket . 
 she was pale beneath the light freckles across her nose . 
 emma sat down carefully on the suede wing chair across from laurel and her grandmother . 
 from the entryway , the clock gave a single resonant bong . 
 `` the funeral starts in an hour , '' laurel said . 
 `` should n't we get going ? '' 
 `` we will , in just a minute , '' said mr. mercer . 
 `` your mother and i wanted to talk to you first . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` nisha 's death is a reminder about what 's really important in this life . 
 you girls are more important to us than anything . '' 
 his voice caught as he spoke , and he paused for a moment to regain his composure . 
 laurel looked up at mr. mercer , her forehead creased in a frown . 
 `` dad , we know . 
 you do n't have to tell us that . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` your mother and i have n't always been honest with you girls , laurel , and it 's hurt our family . 
 we want to tell you the truth . 
 secrets only drive us apart . '' 
 emma suddenly realized what he was talking about . 
 neither mrs. mercer nor laurel knew that she and mr. mercer had been in contact with becky . 
 laurel did n't even know becky existed . 
 as far as she knew , sutton had been adopted from an anonymous stranger . 
 as for mrs. mercer , she 'd banished emma 's mother from the household years before . 
 emma shot a panicked look at mr. mercer . 
 he clung to the back of the chair as if bracing himself . 
 mrs. mercer seemed to notice emma 's anxiety and gave her a weak smile . 
 `` honey , it 's okay . 
 your father and i have talked about this . 
 i know everything . 
 you 're not in trouble . '' 
 laurel looked sharply at her mother . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 her gaze shifted to mr. mercer . 
 `` am i the only one who does n't know what 's going on ? '' 
 an awkward silence descended on the room . 
 mrs. mercer stared down at her lap , while mr. mercer adjusted his tie uncomfortably . 
 emma swallowed hard , meeting laurel 's eyes . 
 `` i finally met my birth mother . '' 
 laurel 's jaw fell open , her neck jutting forward in surprise . 
 `` what ? 
 that 's huge news ! '' 
 `` that 's not all , though , '' mr. mercer broke in . 
 his mouth twisted downward unhappily . 
 `` laurel , honey , the truth is , sutton is our biological granddaughter . '' 
 laurel froze for a moment . 
 then she slowly shook her head , staring at her father . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 that 's impossible . 
 how could she be your ... '' `` her mom-becky-is our daughter , '' continued mr. mercer . 
 `` we had her when we were very young . 
 becky left home before you were even born , laurel . '' 
 `` but ... why would n't you tell me something like that ? '' 
 angry pink spots appeared in laurel 's cheeks . 
 `` this is insane . '' 
 `` honey , i 'm so sorry we never told you before . '' 
 mr. mercer 's voice had a pleading note to it . 
 `` we thought we were making the right decision . 
 we wanted to protect you girls from our own mistakes . '' 
 `` she 's my sister ! '' 
 laurel snapped , her voice shrill . 
 for a moment , emma thought she was talking about sutton-but then she realized laurel was referring to becky . 
 `` you kept my sister from me ! '' 
 emma 's fingers clutched her dress , her knuckles pale from the force . 
 after everything she 'd been through , she was startled to find she was still afraid of a class five laurel tantrum . 
 but she could n't blame laurel for her reaction . 
 emma had spent so much time thinking of becky as her missing mother that she 'd almost forgotten becky and laurel were sisters . 
 laurel was right ; it was n't fair that she 'd never been given the chance to know her . 
 `` where is she ? 
 what 's she like ? '' 
 laurel demanded . 
 emma opened her mouth to answer , but before she could , mrs. mercer spoke . 
 `` troubled . '' 
 that one soft word seemed to fill the room . 
 they all looked toward mrs. mercer , who was quietly crying , her hand pressed to her lips . 
 the sight of her mother in distress seemed to derail laurel 's anger . 
 she bit her lip , and her eyes softened . 
 mrs. mercer continued , her hand lowering to her heart . 
 her voice was low and shaky , barely louder than a whisper . 
 `` becky hurt your father and me so much , laurel . 
 she 's a difficult person to care for . 
 we decided that it would be better for all of us if we did n't have contact with her . 
 she 's done so much damage to this family over the years . '' 
 `` it 's not all becky 's fault , '' mr. mercer broke in , leaning forward . 
 `` she 's mentally ill , laurel , and your mother and i did n't really know how to handle that when she was growing up . '' 
 laurel turned her gaze to emma again , her face more wounded than angry . 
 `` how long have you known all this ? '' 
 emma took a deep breath . 
 she picked up a tasseled pillow from the chair next to her and hugged it to her chest like a stuffed animal , thinking of what sutton 's answer to this question would be . 
 `` i met her that night in sabino canyon . 
 the night of nisha 's tennis sleepover . '' 
 emma had done her best to piece together the night that i died , and bits of my memory had come back , too . 
 i had seen laurel that night , when i called her to pick up thayer vega , my secret boyfriend and laurel 's longtime crush , and take him to the hospital after someone-probably my murderer-had tried to run him over with my car . 
 i could see the memory register on laurel 's face , too , her eyes widening as she made the connection . 
 `` i 'm sorry i kept it from you , '' emma said , flinching as she thought of all the other huge secrets she was hiding from the mercers . 
 `` it was really intense , and i just was n't ready to talk about it yet . '' 
 laurel nodded slowly . 
 she toyed with the charm on her bracelet , conflicting emotions flitting across her face . 
 emma knew how she felt-the discoveries she 'd made about becky and the mercers were still fresh for her , too . 
 the room was so quiet they could hear the family 's great dane 's breath from where drake snoozed in a gargantuan dog bed near the fireplace . 
 mr. mercer stared out the window , where a pair of cactus wrens were busily building a nest in the desert willow beyond . 
 after a long moment , laurel laughed quietly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 emma asked , cocking her head . 
 `` i just realized , '' laurel said , a half-smile twisting her lips to the side , `` this makes you my niece , does n't it ? '' 
 emma laughed softly , too . 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 `` technically , it does , '' mr. mercer added . 
 he unbuttoned and rebuttoned his suit coat , looking visibly relieved to hear them laugh . 
 `` but since we formally adopted sutton , she 's also legally your sister . '' 
 laurel turned to face emma again , and even though her smile looked a little strained , her eyes were warm . 
 `` this is all really crazy ... but it 's kind of cool that we 're related . 
 biologically , i mean . 
 you know you 've always been my sister . 
 but i 'm glad we 're related by blood , too . '' 
 quick flashes of memory crowded my mind of us as little girls . 
 laurel was right . 
 we had been sisters . 
 we 'd fought like sisters , but we 'd also taken care of each other the way sisters were supposed to . 
 mr. mercer cleared his throat , running his hand over his jaw . 
 `` there 's one more thing , '' he said . 
 emma 's eyes shot up at him . 
 more ? 
 `` becky said some strange things to me before she left . 
 it 's hard to know what to believe . 
 becky is n't always ... reliable . 
 but for some reason my gut says she might be telling the truth this time . 
 she says that she had another daughter . 
 that sutton had a twin . '' 
 emma 's heart wrenched to a halt in her chest . 
 for one long moment her vision went blurry , the mercers ' living room turning into a smeared dali-like landscape around her . 
 they still did n't know the whole truth . 
 when she 'd looked at becky 's files two weeks before , emma discovered that becky had yet another daughter , a twelve-year-old girl who becky said lived with her father in california . 
 `` a twin ? '' 
 laurel squeaked . 
 `` i do n't know if it 's true . '' 
 mr. mercer looked down at emma , his face unreadable . 
 `` becky did n't seem to know where your sister-your twin-was now , sutton . 
 but her name is emma . '' 
 `` emma ? '' 
 laurel turned an incredulous glance at emma . 
 `` is n't that what you called yourself at breakfast the first day of school ? '' 
 emma picked at a snag in sutton 's dress , playing for time . 
 she was spared answering when mr. mercer spoke again . 
 `` becky told you about her , did n't she ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` that night at sabino ? '' 
 her mind churning , emma managed to nod , grateful that mr. mercer had provided an explanation . 
 it was most likely true . 
 when emma had spoken with becky last week , becky had talked about emma like she 'd already told sutton about her once . 
 either way , emma knew she had to be very careful here . 
 `` all she told me was her name , '' emma said softly . 
 `` i should have told you . 
 but i was so mad . 
 i was trying to find out if you knew about her , too , see if you recognized the name . 
 i thought maybe i could pick a fight and you 'd have to tell me . '' 
 another tense silence opened in the room . 
 out of the corner of her eye she watched drake look up from his bed and glance around , wagging his tail tentatively . 
 the second hand on mr. mercer 's cartier watch clicked audibly . 
 it seemed ploddingly slow compared to emma 's own racing heart . 
 mrs. mercer finally broke the silence . 
 `` i 'm so sorry we lied to you , sutton . 
 to both of you . 
 you both have every right to be angry . 
 i hope someday you can understand , and maybe even forgive us . '' 
 my own heart ached at the look on my mother 's face , full of anguish . 
 of course i forgave her , even though i could never tell her that . 
 i only hoped she 'd be able to forgive herself when the entire truth came out , when she realized how dearly all those secrets had cost our family . 
 that someone had used them against us-against me-by forcing emma to take my place after my death . 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 laurel asked , her eyes on emma . 
 her jaw was set determinedly . 
 `` we have to find this emma girl , right ? 
 i mean , she 's our sister . 
 our niece . 
 our ... uh , whatever . '' 
 mrs. mercer nodded firmly . 
 `` we 're going to try to track her down . 
 we would at least like to meet her , make sure she 's safe and happy where she is . 
 maybe make her a part of our family , if she wants to be . '' 
 she tilted her head at emma questioningly . 
 `` did she tell you anything else , sutton ? 
 where emma might be , or what her last name was ? '' 
 emma bit hard on the inside of her cheek to keep the tears from escaping . 
 it was so unfair-they wanted to look for her , wanted to make her safe , and she was right in front of them , in as much danger as she 'd ever been in . 
 `` no , '' she whispered . 
 `` becky did n't tell me anything else . '' 
 mr. mercer sighed , then leaned over to kiss the top of emma 's head . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he said . 
 `` one way or another , we 'll find her . 
 and in the meantime-i promise that we 'll be honest with each other from now on . '' 
 for one brief , frantic moment , emma thought about coming clean . 
 the idea terrified her-they 'd be devastated . 
 she would have to tell them that the girl they 'd raised as their own daughter was dead-and that she 'd helped to cover it up . 
 but it would be a relief , too . 
 she would have help in her investigation , maybe even protection . 
 she would be able to let go of the heavy weight that had pressed down upon her since the first morning she 'd woken up in tucson . 
 but then she thought about the murderer , always watching her-leaving notes on her car , strangling her at charlotte 's house , dropping lights from the catwalk in the theater at school . 
 she thought about nisha , calling her over and over , and then , just like that ... dying . 
 she could n't expose her family to that kind of danger . 
 she could n't risk it . 
 mrs. mercer cleared her throat . 
 `` i know you girls will want to tell your friends , but for the time being , i 'd appreciate it if we could keep this information private . 
 your father and i are still debating the best way to go about searching for emma , and ... there 's still a lot for us to talk about . '' 
 laurel 's jaw stiffened belligerently for a moment , and emma was sure she was going to argue . 
 but then she took mrs. mercer 's hand and squeezed it . 
 `` sure , mom , '' she said , her voice gentle . 
 `` we can keep a secret . '' 
 in the hallway , the clock struck the quarter hour . 
 `` we need to go , '' mr. mercer said softly . 
 `` we 'll be late . '' 
 `` i have to run to the bathroom , '' emma said , needing a second to compose herself . 
 she grabbed her clutch and hurried down the hall . 
 as soon as she was alone , emma leaned over the sink . 
 in the mirror , her skin looked milky pale , her blue eyes brighter than usual . 
 i 'm doing the right thing , she told herself . 
 no matter what , she needed to keep her family safe . 
 i was glad emma was looking out for my family . 
 but as i stared into her face , so achingly like my own , i could n't help but wonder : who would keep emma safe ? 
 2 a grave matter `` it is with much sadness today that we offer up our farewells to nisha . 
 she was a vibrant , talented girl , and we will miss her . '' 
 the funeral was a graveside service , set among the sycamores and salt cedars of the cemetery . 
 the sun blazed from its late-fall angle in the sky , sending a melancholy sheen over the gray and white tombstones . 
 emma sat on a folding chair between madeline vega and charlotte chamberlain , sutton 's two best friends . 
 right behind them sat the twitter twins , their cell phones in their purses for once . 
 laurel sat next to them , hiccupping with silent tears . 
 the entire school had turned out , including most of their teachers and principal ambrose . 
 emma caught sight of ethan standing in the shade of a tree , wearing the black shirt and black tie he 'd been in for the news interview . 
 the officiant , a broad-hipped woman in a white sari , went on . 
 `` it is especially cruel to lose someone so young . 
 nisha was brimming with potential . 
 the temptation to dwell on all she could have done if she had survived is great . 
 we want to lament how she might have changed the world , how she might have gone on to such great heights . '' 
 behind the woman in the sari sat the coffin , its polished oak gleaming in the sunlight . 
 it was closed ; there had been no viewing . 
 the service was shaping up to be a short one . 
 before the officiant had gotten up to deliver the final eulogy , there 'd been a handful of scattered readings from nisha 's friends , and the hollier high show choir had sung `` wind beneath my wings . '' 
 privately emma could imagine nisha snickering at the choice-she had n't been a sentimental girl . 
 but there had n't been a dry eye in the audience . 
 charlotte had burst into gasping sobs , mascara running down her cheeks , and madeline , pale and trembling , balled up her skirt in her fists . 
 i watched the crowd wistfully . 
 would i ever have a funeral ? 
 what would people say about me then ? 
 would they cry ? 
 watching the casket and the deep hole next to it , a chill went through me-somewhere , my own remains lay hidden , separated violently from my spirit and left to rot . 
 i looked around again , half-hoping to find an ethereal nisha . 
 but i was the only ghost here as far as i could see . 
 the officiant had a resonant , musical voice , tinged with the same faint anglo-indian accent dr. banerjee had . 
 `` but i believe we do nisha a disservice , focusing on what could have been . 
 as we say our good-byes , i ask you not to dwell on what has been lost but to think of what we gained by having nisha in our lives . '' 
 a small string ensemble played an instrumental arrangement of the beatles ' `` let it be '' as everyone rose from their chairs and started to mingle . 
 charlotte dabbed at the corners of her eyes with a tissue she 'd pulled from the depths of her bag . 
 her long red curls had been pinned up behind her head , but stray coils fell on either side of her round , freckled face . 
 `` i ca n't believe this is happening . 
 i ca n't believe she 's dead . '' 
 `` i still ca n't believe people think she did this on purpose , '' madeline said , her hazel eyes wide . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` she was fine on sunday , right ? '' 
 sunday had been the night they 'd orchestrated a fake seance to prank a girl named celeste echols . 
 it had been the first lying game prank nisha had ever participated in-though she 'd been the victim of a few in her time . 
 she 'd definitely seemed to enjoy being a part of the production . 
 `` i know . 
 it just does n't make any sense . 
 she 's such a good swimmer , '' laurel whispered tearfully . 
 `` i mean , she was . '' 
 `` what do you think , sutton ? '' 
 gabby asked . 
 emma looked up sharply . 
 as always , the twitter twins ' wardrobes were in perfect contrast . 
 gabby wore a simple sheath dress and pearl studs in her ears , her lipstick a carefully lined red . 
 lili , on the other hand , wore what looked like a black thrift-store tutu and a pair of knee-high combat boots , a small veil pinned into her hair . 
 `` yeah , it seemed like you guys were getting close lately . 
 did she seem sad ? '' 
 lili asked . 
 `` does it really matter ? '' 
 emma said , her voice breaking . 
 `` she 's gone . 
 the ` why ' does n't change that . '' 
 the girls fell silent . 
 across the lawn , emma watched as the funeral officiant leaned over to talk to dr. banerjee , who had n't moved from his seat , a faraway look on his face . 
 emma had seen the doctor several weeks before , when he had treated her mother . 
 he 'd been patient and kind , even when becky had been violent . 
 now his worst nightmare was coming true-and so soon on the heels of his wife 's death . 
 `` excuse me , '' she told her friends , and walked around the now-empty chairs toward where he sat . 
 people nodded at her as she passed . 
 coach maggie stood with a group of tennis players , looking shocked and heartbroken . 
 clara was with them , tears running down her cheeks . 
 the officiant hugged dr. banerjee one last time , then joined the crowd , leaving him alone . 
 emma hesitated . 
 she wanted to tell him how sorry she was for his loss and that nisha had become a good friend to her . 
 but more than that , she wanted to find out what he thought about nisha 's death-and where his daughter had been before she died . 
 before she could decide what to say , someone else sat down next to dr. banerjee . 
 her body tensed as she recognized detective quinlan in ceremonial dress blues , his hat in his hands . 
 quinlan was hardly a fan of sutton mercer-he had a file three inches thick on sutton 's lying game exploits , and he had arrested emma for shoplifting two months earlier . 
 she instinctively ducked behind a headstone a few feet away . 
 quinlan 's voice was a low , sympathetic rumble . 
 leaning back against the cool marble , emma strained her ears to hear what he was saying . 
 she caught `` so sorry '' and `` tragic '' and was about to back away from the two men when the word `` autopsy '' drifted to her . 
 dr. banerjee shook his head violently at whatever quinlan had just said . 
 `` look , sanjay . '' 
 quinlan 's voice was patient but firm . 
 `` there were n't any signs of a struggle . 
 no defensive wounds , no bruises , no handprints . 
 it was just an accident . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 dr. banerjee 's hands remained folded neatly in his lap , but his muscles were tight across his face . 
 `` nisha has been swimming since she was two . 
 she would have had to have tripped and hit her head for it to be an accident . 
 but no bruises ? 
 no concussion ? '' 
 he paused , his mouth writhing for a moment before he could speak again . 
 `` my daughter was murdered . '' 
 quinlan hesitated , his lips downturned beneath his mustache . 
 `` there 's more , '' he said softly . 
 `` i hate to tell you like this . 
 but the examiner found extremely high amounts of diazepam in her bloodstream . 
 that 's ... '' `` valium . 
 yes , i am a doctor , '' nisha 's father snapped . 
 his knuckles went white as he squeezed his fingers together harder . 
 `` she does n't have a prescription for valium . '' 
 quinlan sighed , rubbing his stubbled jaw . 
 `` i know . 
 we checked her records . '' 
 `` then what are you ... '' `` i know it 's hard to hear . 
 but nisha had a very bad year . '' 
 quinlan looked uncomfortable . 
 he turned his hat over and over in his hands . 
 `` i do n't want to sound like i 'm accusing her of anything . 
 but sanjay , teens try new things and do n't always know their limits . '' 
 dr. banerjee 's voice was hard . 
 `` her room was all torn up , shane . 
 someone went through and ripped the place to bits . 
 someone was looking for something . '' 
 quinlan shrugged . 
 `` there was no sign of forced entry , and we did n't find anybody 's fingerprints in there . 
 only yours and hers . 
 nisha must have done that herself . 
 sometimes people do strange things when they 're in an altered state . '' 
 dr. banerjee sat very still for a long moment , looking down at his hands . 
 his glasses were askew on his nose , and it gave him a slightly manic look . 
 quinlan looked awkwardly around . 
 for a moment emma almost felt sorry for him . 
 `` look , '' he finally said in an undertone emma had to strain to hear . 
 `` if there are any people you have a funny feeling about-strange people hanging around the house , boys who seemed too aggressive with her-if she had any enemies , give me their names . 
 i 'll look into it . 
 but right now , i have no evidence , no leads , no clues . 
 give me something to work with . '' 
 dr. banerjee shook his head . 
 `` she did n't have any enemies . 
 none that i knew of . '' 
 his hands came free from each other and flew to cover his face . 
 `` i do n't know who would want to do something like this to my little girl , '' he groaned , his back shuddering . 
 behind the monument , a surge of guilt welled up in emma . 
 should she tell them about the calls and frantic text from nisha ? 
 her stomach tightened with anxiety . 
 quinlan 's suspicions were always quick to rise when sutton mercer was involved . 
 at best , he 'd probably dismiss it as another attention-seeking prank . 
 at worst , emma would end up on a list of suspects , and her own story would crumble easily on inspection . 
 `` i need a drink of water , '' dr. banerjee finally said . 
 his voice sounded tense , as if he was fighting for calm . 
 his face had composed itself , except for his eyes . 
 they were bloodshot and wild . 
 quinlan nodded . 
 `` come on , sanjay . '' 
 with surprising gentleness he helped dr. banerjee to his feet , and the two men walked to the banquet table set up in the shade of a cedar . 
 emma slumped against the tombstone , her heart hammering . 
 so nisha 's room had been ransacked . 
 but what had the killer been looking for ? 
 and did they find it , or was it still there in nisha 's bedroom ? 
 emma stared at nisha 's coffin for a long moment , the deep brown wood shining in the sun . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' she whispered . 
 her gaze fell on the grave she 'd been hiding behind . 
 jesminder banerjee , it read . 
 beloved wife and mother . 
 nisha 's mom . 
 she had n't even thought of that-of course they 'd bury nisha by her mother . 
 emma pushed herself up and walked across the green . 
 the crowd was starting to thin . 
 in the distant parking lot she could hear cars starting and doors slamming . 
 she passed a cluster of hollier students who were standing close together near a weather-beaten mausoleum with an urn of wilting lilies in front of it . 
 garrett austin stood between his younger sister , louisa , and celeste , his current girlfriend . 
 garrett had been sutton 's `` official '' boyfriend at the time of her death , although she 'd been seeing thayer secretly at the same time . 
 when emma had taken her place , he 'd offered up his virginity to her as a birthday gift , and after she bolted in a panic , they 'd broken up . 
 garrett looked devastated . 
 his eyes were red , his blond hair lusterless and unwashed . 
 he 'd dated nisha for a few weeks , and even though they 'd broken up , he was obviously not taking her death well . 
 he glanced up and noticed emma , staring at her blankly , as though he did n't quite recognize her . 
 caught , emma took a tentative step toward him . 
 `` how are you holding up ? '' 
 emma asked awkwardly , touching his shoulder . 
 garrett blinked , and then all at once his face darkened into a scowl . 
 he jerked away from her hand , his arms taut with anger . 
 she instinctively took a step back . 
 he looked for a moment like he wanted to take a swing at her . 
 `` what do you care ? 
 you barely even knew her , '' he hissed . 
 behind him , emma could see that celeste looked shocked by his anger . 
 louisa glanced from emma to garrett , confused . 
 emma felt frozen in place . 
 barely knew her ? 
 sure , emma had only known nisha for a few months . 
 but sutton had grown up with nisha . 
 `` garrett , i know you 're upset ... '' celeste started , laying her hand on his arm . 
 he whipped around violently so that his nose was inches from hers . 
 emma 's entire body tensed at the wild expression on his face . 
 a nasty sneer twisted his lips . 
 `` you do n't know anything , '' he snarled . 
 `` would you just shut up for five minutes ? 
 i 'm starting to think nisha was right about you . '' 
 emma 's jaw fell open . 
 celeste 's expression darkened . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 she snapped , the airy quality gone from her voice . 
 `` when did you have this cozy little chat about me ? '' 
 `` it 's none of your business , '' he shouted . 
 by now most of the other students they 'd been standing with had slunk away awkwardly . 
 louisa watched her brother with anxious , darting eyes . 
 laurel materialized at emma 's side and grabbed her by the arm , steering her past them , toward the parking lot . 
 `` come on , '' she whispered , even as celeste 's voice rose up angrily behind them . 
 `` arguing at a funeral ? 
 how tacky . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe he 'd yell at his girlfriend like that , '' emma said , feeling a little dazed . 
 she let laurel lead her past the rows upon rows of headstones . 
 laurel stopped for a moment , raising her eyebrow . 
 `` excuse me ? 
 you two used to go at it all the time . '' 
 emma stared at sutton 's sister . 
 laurel shrugged . 
 `` come on , sutton , he used to freak out about everything . 
 you not calling him back quick enough , you wearing too short a skirt , you not making one of his games . 
 he 's not exactly even-keeled . '' 
 `` yeah , '' emma stammered , trying to cover her confusion . 
 `` i know . 
 come on , let 's go . '' 
 they started walking again . 
 across the graveyard , celeste and garrett 's voices were still audible , cutting tensely back and forth . 
 emma 's head spun . 
 why had he said that she barely knew nisha ? 
 i did n't know either . 
 but something told me emma had better figure it out quickly . 
 garrett obviously had a short fuse , and emma did n't want to be caught in the blast zone if he went off . 
 3 alone at last the next afternoon , emma and ethan walked up a bare , hilly trail at tucson mountain park . 
 emma tightened a gray cashmere scarf around her neck , shivering at the cool wintry air . 
 the rocks glowed reddish gold in the late-day sun , and emma and ethan clasped hands as they walked , their fingers interlacing . 
 emma liked the barren landscape . 
 she 'd felt as if someone had been following her since the moment she arrived in tucson , but there was n't much cover on this wide expanse of trail . 
 sutton 's killer would have a hard time sneaking up on her here . 
 as they walked she told ethan about the mercers ' family meeting . 
 he listened carefully , his eyes ahead on the path . 
 `` they 're going to look for me , ethan , and it 's not like i covered my tracks . '' 
 she thought about every csi episode she 'd ever seen . 
 it was ridiculously easy to trace peoples ' whereabouts , if you had an internet connection and a witness or two . 
 `` i do n't know how long i have before they figure it out . 
 and if they do , i 'll be the number-one suspect . 
 the killer has made sure of that . '' 
 they reached a promontory with a covered picnic area looking over the park . 
 a fat raccoon glanced nonchalantly up from a mcdonald 's wrapper as they approached , then waddled off into the underbrush . 
 emma sat on the top of the picnic table , rummaging in her backpack for a bottle of water . 
 she took a long sip , then handed it to ethan . 
 `` all of us are in danger . '' 
 she looked up at him miserably . 
 `` you , me , my family . 
 we have to solve this , and fast . '' 
 he slid an arm around her and pulled her against his side protectively . 
 she rested against his shoulder , breathing in the clean-laundry smell of his flannel shirt . 
 `` okay , so we 've ruled out laurel , thayer , madeline , charlotte , mr. mercer , becky , and the twitter twins , '' he said , ticking sutton 's friends and family off one by one . 
 `` are we totally sure it 's not , like ... a random crime ? 
 i mean , maybe it was a drifter or something ? '' 
 emma shook her head . 
 `` the killer knows too much about sutton for it to be random . 
 where she lives , what her schedule is , the importance of her locket ... the killer took it right off her neck and left it for me , knowing that i would n't be a realistic stand-in unless i was wearing it . '' 
 she shivered . 
 `` this murder was personal . '' 
 ethan nodded . 
 `` i guess you 're right . '' 
 `` you know who we have n't looked into ? '' 
 emma said quietly . 
 `` garrett . '' 
 she filled ethan in on garrett 's comment that she `` barely knew '' nisha , and laurel 's revelation that garrett had a temper with sutton . 
 `` wow . '' 
 ethan rubbed his jaw thoughtfully . 
 `` i do n't really know much about garrett . 
 we had ap history together last year , but we do n't really move in the same circles . 
 i know he was out a lot for some kind of family emergency in the spring , but i never found out what the story was . '' 
 emma chewed on her thumbnail . 
 on the one real date she 'd had with him , garrett had mentioned something about his sister . 
 charlotte was there for me during everything that happened with louisa , he 'd said . 
 at the time she had n't been able to come up with a subtle way to ask what he was talking about . 
 `` what about louisa ? 
 do you know her ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` not that well . 
 she kind of keeps to herself . '' 
 `` i 've seen her with celeste . 
 i guess they 've hit it off . '' 
 emma took another sip of water and sighed . 
 `` garrett does n't strike me as the mastermind type , though . 
 whoever did this has had to orchestrate a pretty complicated alibi-hiding sutton 's body and her car , getting me to come to tucson , watching me to make sure i was playing along . 
 but garrett could n't even pick a restaurant when we went out . 
 he let me decide everything . '' 
 she twisted a lock of hair around her index finger so tightly it cut off the circulation . 
 `` then again , maybe he 's just a really good actor . 
 is n't that the thing with psychopaths ? 
 they 're manipulative , really good at putting up a front . '' 
 ethan raised an eyebrow . 
 `` i did n't know my girlfriend was an expert on criminal psychology . '' 
 her lips twisted into a wry smirk . 
 `` if i was n't before , i will be by the time this is over . '' 
 another thought popped into her head then , one that made her sit up straight . 
 `` you know , i have n't been able to figure out how the killer got into charlotte 's house that night he strangled me . 
 but if it was garrett ... '' she looked at ethan significantly . 
 his mouth fell open . 
 `` he dated her before he dated sutton . '' 
 `` he might have had the alarm codes , '' emma agreed , then paused . 
 `` and then he dated nisha . '' 
 they looked at each other uncertainly . 
 and then nisha died , too . 
 the unspoken phrase hovered between them . 
 ethan licked his lips . 
 `` if it was garrett , that makes sense . 
 maybe she saw something while they were dating , and only figured it out two weeks ago . '' 
 emma sighed . 
 `` it 's all speculation , though , is n't it ? 
 we do n't have any evidence putting him at the scene . '' 
 `` yeah , but we definitely have enough reasons to suspect him , '' ethan argued . 
 `` in murder cases the cops almost always look at husbands or boyfriends first . '' 
 emma thought back to homecoming , when garrett had cornered her in a broom closet to yell at her about their breakup . 
 he 'd been drunk , almost violent , twisting her wrist to hold her there against her will . 
 and now she remembered something else-he 'd mentioned thayer . 
 everyone saw that fight between you guys just before he left . 
 he loved you . 
 `` what if he found out about sutton and thayer ? '' 
 her throat went dry at the thought . 
 `` he could have followed her to the canyon that night and caught them together . '' 
 `` that would be a real motive , '' ethan said . 
 she nodded , the hairs on the back of her neck spiking up . 
 suddenly the memories of her brief `` relationship '' with garrett looked a lot creepier . 
 he 'd acted like he really thought she was sutton , but maybe he 'd been testing her , training her so that no one would figure out sutton was dead . 
 the image of sutton 's bed , covered in rose petals , floated back to her , and she shuddered . 
 what if he 'd been trying to turn her into the sutton he 'd wanted all along ? 
 i racked my brain for a memory of my summer with garrett . 
 i did n't remember anything suspicious-but then , i did n't remember fighting the way laurel said we fought , either . 
 in the days after i first woke up from my death , i 'd felt a sort of warm tingle toward garrett every time emma saw him or spoke to him . 
 i 'd thought for sure i 'd been in love with him in life , even if i could n't remember why . 
 but now all i felt was an anxious flutter . 
 `` i 'll ask around , '' she said finally . 
 `` maybe charlotte or mads knows something that could be helpful . '' 
 or thayer , she thought , though she did n't say that out loud . 
 ethan had been jealous of thayer from the start-and it had n't helped matters when he 'd caught thayer kissing emma a week ago . 
 the very mention of his name was enough to provoke a good half hour of brooding silence from ethan . 
 she looked out over the landscape , the mountain air cool in her lungs . 
 a few miles away she caught sight of a hawk drifting lazily on a gust of wind . 
 ethan opened a bag of gorp and picked out an mandm , popping it into emma 's mouth . 
 she crunched down on the candy shell and smiled at him . 
 suddenly she was simply happy to be with ethan , away from prying eyes . 
 they 'd barely been alone since the night of charlotte 's party , when they 'd made love for the first time . 
 the memory sent a flush of bashful pleasure through her cheeks and made her light-headed . 
 `` did you grow up with all the playground folklore about mandm 's ? '' 
 she asked coyly . 
 he cocked his head at her . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` you know , the urban legends about what the different colors mean ? '' 
 she took the bag of gorp from him , picking past the nuts and raisins to find more candy . 
 `` orange ones are good luck , '' she said , holding one up . 
 `` i definitely need that . '' 
 she popped it in her mouth . 
 `` yellow are what you give someone if you just want to be friends . '' 
 she dropped a yellow candy back in the bag distastefully . 
 `` red are for confessing when you love someone ... . 
 here , you can have this one . 
 and green ? '' 
 she gave him a wicked grin . 
 `` they 're for if you want to get someone ... excited . '' 
 ethan 's cheeks were pink , but a dazed grin spread across his face . 
 `` excited , huh ? '' 
 she held one up in front of his lips , but he shook his head , pulling her suddenly into his lap . 
 `` i do n't need that one , '' he whispered against her ear . 
 `` you already make me crazy enough . '' 
 emma 's skin tingled as he pulled her into a passionate kiss , one that gave way to more kisses . 
 all her lingering worries-about the murderer , about nisha , about her family-drifted away . 
 while she was in ethan 's arms , she was happier than she 'd ever been . 
 i was glad my sister was getting some action . 
 emma deserved whatever comfort she could get after all she 'd been through , even if her lame attempt at dirty talk had me wishing i could stick my fingers in my ears . 
 but she and ethan were made for each other-and if there were no other silver linings to the trap my murderer had caught her in , i was at least grateful for that . 
 4 farewell , my frenemy a few hours later , emma pulled sutton 's vintage volvo into ethan 's driveway to drop him off . 
 across the street , sabino canyon loomed ominously . 
 next door , the banerjees ' house was dark and silent . 
 ethan 's home , a sand-colored bungalow with paint chipping from the siding , was one of the smallest on the block . 
 it looked like it had been nice at one point , but it 'd fallen into disrepair . 
 emma suspected ethan tried to maintain the place as well as he could , but it was hard for him to keep up with it with his dad gone-mr . 
 landry had more or less walked out on them a few years ago , when mrs. landry had been diagnosed with cancer . 
 ethan turned toward her . 
 `` good night , '' he whispered , leaning across the gear shift and placing the softest kiss imaginable on her lips . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 for just a moment , nothing in the world existed beyond the place where her lips met his . 
 `` good night , '' she said , as he pulled away . 
 he gave her a long look , then got out of the car and loped up the driveway to his house . 
 the car 's headlights threw deep shadows around him-long , skinny abstracts of his body . 
 his clean-laundry smell still lingering in the car , she watched him as he climbed the steps to the porch and let himself in . 
 emma smiled to herself , touching her mouth with her fingers as if she could somehow hold the memory of the kiss there . 
 she watched as the light in ethan 's room snapped on a moment later and imagined him sitting down at his desk , opening his calculus book or turning on his laptop , his dark blue eyes thoughtful under his furrowed brow . 
 cute boy hugely distracting to amateur detective . 
 the headline flashed before her eyes as if it were in print , an old habit of hers . 
 she shook her head to clear it , then put the car in reverse and backed down the driveway . 
 as she turned onto the street , her eyes fell on nisha 's house . 
 she paused with her foot on the brake . 
 a low wall with wrought-iron filigree surrounded the yard , but she could see that most of the windows were dark . 
 she could just make out the glimmer of the pool in the backyard . 
 a sharp , painful ache cut through her heart . 
 that was where it had happened . 
 emma thought of what dr. banerjee had said about nisha 's room being ransacked . 
 what if the killer had n't managed to find what he was looking for ? 
 if dr. banerjee and the cops had already gone over the room , it was a long shot . 
 but it was still worth a try . 
 she pulled the car to the curb and put it in park . 
 the motion-activated porch light sprang to life when she was a few feet from the door . 
 in contrast to ethan 's weed-strewn yard , the banerjees had a xeriscaped garden full of white river stones and flowering cacti . 
 but there were signs of neglect here , too-half-rotten fruit lay where it had fallen under a fig tree . 
 twigs and leaves floated on the brackish water in an austere marble birdbath . 
 as emma approached the porch , a large tabby cat with matted hair meowed piteously at her , its lamp-like eyes shining in the dark . 
 emma stopped at the door . 
 the cat swam around her ankles , a low hopeful purr coming from its throat . 
 she swallowed , her nerve faltering-was it insensitive to ask a grieving father questions about his daughter 's death ? 
 what would she even ask , anyway ? 
 she glanced behind her at the dark , hulking shape of the canyon . 
 the murderer could be watching her , even now . 
 what if she made things worse for dr. banerjee ? 
 what if sutton 's killer decided that he , like nisha , knew too much ? 
 she rang the doorbell before she could change her mind . 
 the sound of the chime ringing out so suddenly in the quiet evening made her jump . 
 after a long moment , she thought she could hear footsteps , and then dr. banerjee flung open the door . 
 even though it was just a little past seven , he wore a long tartan bathrobe hanging open over a pair of mesh athletic shorts and a coffee-stained t-shirt that read hollier tennis dad . 
 his thick glasses were askew on his face , making one eye look grotesquely magnified while the other squinted blearily . 
 his hair stood up in a wild cloud around his head . 
 before emma could say anything , the cat streamed past his legs into the dark hallway beyond . 
 dr. banerjee watched it go with an abstracted frown . 
 `` agassi ? '' 
 then he glanced up at emma . 
 for a moment he looked blank , as if he did not quite remember who she was . 
 he blinked at her . 
 `` sutton , '' he said at last . 
 `` hello . 
 did you bring agassi home ? '' 
 `` um , i actually wanted to ask you something . 
 about nisha . '' 
 his eyes seemed to focus sharply , his look of mild confusion evaporating at once . 
 `` what is it ? 
 do you know what happened to her ? '' 
 emma bit her lip . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dr. banerjee . 
 i do n't understand it either . '' 
 she shifted her weight . 
 `` but i was wondering if i could ... go in nisha 's room ? 
 i wo n't mess anything up . 
 i just want to say good-bye . '' 
 dr. banerjee took off his glasses and polished them on the corner of his grimy shirt . 
 when he put them back on , they looked more smeared than before . 
 a sad smile quirked his lips upward ever so slightly . 
 he reached out and patted her elbow . 
 `` of course , sutton . '' 
 somewhere in the depths of the house , the cat let out a loud , pleading cry . 
 dr. banerjee gave a start . 
 `` i suppose i should feed him , '' he said vaguely . 
 his vision went a little distant again , as if the effort required to focus his attention had finally exhausted itself . 
 he ran his fingers through his hair and left it wilder than ever . 
 `` just let yourself out when you 're done , '' he said , then disappeared down the hall . 
 the house was almost completely dark . 
 a flower-shaped night-light in the hallway to nisha 's room gave off just enough illumination for emma to navigate . 
 passing the gleaming bronze kitchen , she saw the remains of a week 's worth of takeout piled on the counters . 
 pizza boxes and chinese containers towered precariously . 
 a fly circled a half-eaten samosa on a ceramic plate . 
 a fallen pint of ben and jerry 's sat in a puddle of melted cherry garcia . 
 emma had been in nisha 's room once before , during her second week in tucson . 
 at the time nisha had still been a suspect , and she 'd snuck in during a tennis dinner to try to find clues . 
 when she snapped on the light now she was surprised at how little it had changed since then . 
 there was no sign of the mess nisha 's killer had made-it looked like dr. banerjee had put everything straight . 
 the purple bedspread was smooth , eight fluffy pillows propped at the head like an ad for a five-star hotel . 
 all of her books were alphabetized on the shelves . 
 the only evidence that someone had recently disturbed the room was a drawer with a broken front panel in the dresser . 
 otherwise it looked like nisha could have just stepped outside . 
 emma stood uncertainly in the middle of the rug . 
 she did n't even know what she was looking for , much less where nisha might have hidden it . 
 she would just have to hope she 'd know it when she saw it . 
 while she glanced around , agassi slunk in around the door and leapt lightly to the bed . 
 emma started with the dresser , looking through the neat stacks of sweaters and t-shirts , feeling at the back and under each drawer for a hidden compartment or a note taped out of sight . 
 nisha had kept her belongings color-coded and perfectly organized , and the sight of her pure white tennis socks arranged row by row sent a surge of grief through emma . 
 she got on her knees and examined the desk , felt under the bed , and even peeled back the rug on the floor . 
 nothing seemed out of place . 
 she blew a lock of her hair out of her face and sighed heavily . 
 nisha kept her photos behind a glass panel near her headboard . 
 emma knelt in front of it , her eyes darting over the collage . 
 most of the pictures were of nisha playing tennis . 
 there were also a few of her with a woman emma assumed was her mother , elegant in pearl earrings and burgundy lipstick , and several of agassi looking glossy and well groomed . 
 then emma noticed a new picture , one that had n't been there the last time . 
 it was an older photograph , slightly crumpled , and unframed . 
 it showed three little girls in ice skates , arm in arm and laughing so hard that one of the girls on the end-a tiny blonde girl with hair in pigtails-seemed about to fall . 
 they all wore poofy party dresses , and the girl in the middle had a tiara tucked into her dark hair . 
 it was laurel , nisha , and sutton . 
 sutton had a tooth missing . 
 a purple glittery star had been painted on one of her cheeks . 
 emma turned over the picture . 
 it was dated april twentieth , with the words my eighth birthday . 
 emma 's lips twisted downward . 
 once upon a time , nisha had been friends with sutton-or at least friendly enough to invite her to a birthday party , friendly enough to skate arm in arm with her . 
 it looked like nisha had put it up recently , after she 'd started hanging out with emma . 
 for a moment i heard a distant sound of childish laughter echoing down the corridors of my memory . 
 that day at the ice rink , nisha and i had tried to teach ourselves some of the tricks we 'd seen during the olympics . 
 michelle kwan made toe loops look so easy , but we spent most of our time falling flat on our butts and laughing at ourselves . 
 i could n't remember why we 'd ended up hating each other so much . 
 maybe it had just been that we were similar in all the wrong ways . 
 we wanted the same things , and we were both willing to fight for them . 
 emma climbed back to her feet and sighed . 
 if there had ever been any evidence here , it was already in the hands of the killer . 
 after all , sutton 's murderer had been a step ahead of her since she first arrived in tucson . 
 why would this time be any different ? 
 she stood in the doorway , sweeping her gaze one more time around nisha 's bedroom . 
 good-bye , nisha , she thought . 
 i 'm so sorry you got pulled into this . 
 she turned off the light and started the long walk back down the hallway . 
 at the kitchen door she drew to a sudden stop , biting the corner of her lip . 
 then , impulsively , she went to the counter and started to gather the empty food containers . 
 she found a roll of paper towels under the sink and wiped the counters down , then loaded the dishwasher , moving as quietly as she could . 
 somewhere in the house she could hear the low murmur of a television set . 
 then she stuffed the takeout boxes into a garbage bag and carried it with her , past the night-light , past the beautiful furniture and the brightly colored tapestries and the elegant vases and all the other things that dr. banerjee had shared , once upon a time , with his family-back into the darkness beyond . 
 good-bye , nisha . 
 i added my farewell to my sister 's . 
 i promise , whoever did this to us is going to pay . 
 5 her cheating heart after the final bell rang the next day at school , emma slowly gathered her books from her locker . 
 she was n't sure she was ready to face the tennis team , not yet . 
 it would be an emotional practice . 
 emma blinked away a tear , looking at her reflection in the tiny mirror inside sutton 's locker . 
 pull it together , she commanded herself , and slammed the door shut . 
 then she did a double take . 
 thayer vega was standing there , waiting to talk to her . 
 my dead-girl heart gave a lurch at the sight of him . 
 a gray henley shirt pulled tight across his muscular chest . 
 his dark hair hung down over one eye , and his backpack was slung casually over his shoulder . 
 thayer had been the only boy i 'd ever loved , the one person who really knew me . 
 `` hey , '' emma said , hugging her books to her chest and giving him a shaky smile . 
 in the past month , she and thayer had started to establish a cautious friendship . 
 he was a good listener , and when becky showed up in emma 's life again , he was one of the few people she felt safe telling . 
 she 'd started to think the two of them could put his relationship with sutton behind them and be friends-until he kissed her at charlotte 's party two weeks ago . 
 she 'd pulled away , but not before he had a chance to realize something was wrong . 
 he 'd confronted her two days later , saying he knew something was off about her ; and while she 'd managed to dismiss his accusations , she knew he was still suspicious . 
 a wave of relief swept over her as she remembered mrs. mercer 's plea to keep the news about becky 's other daughter a secret-if thayer found out that sutton had a long-lost twin , emma had a feeling it would n't take long for him to figure out who she really was . 
 `` hey , '' he said , hefting the backpack farther across his back . 
 `` are you heading out to the courts ? '' 
 `` i 'm not in any hurry , '' she said , smiling ruefully . 
 `` it 's going to be like a second funeral . '' 
 `` i get that . '' 
 he searched her face for a moment . 
 `` how are you holding up ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 i 'm okay . '' 
 emma 's voice sounded too high in her ears , strained and anxious . 
 he just looked at her . 
 `` come on , i 'll walk with you to the locker rooms , '' thayer said . 
 `` did you guys have a good thanksgiving ? '' 
 emma asked , trying to make small talk as they paced down the hall . 
 he gave a bitter bark of laughter . 
 `` the usual . 
 mom burned the turkey , and dad threw a wineglass at her . 
 mads and i ended up sneaking out and getting burger king . '' 
 she gave him a sympathetic look . 
 thayer 's family was at best volatile , and at worst downright abusive . 
 `` sorry , thayer . 
 that sounds awful . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it was par for the course around casa vega . 
 and neither of us was in much mood for family time anyway . '' 
 emma nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 mom and dad cooked a big turkey dinner because they 'd already bought the groceries and they did n't want it to go to waste , but they should have just stuck everything in the freezer . 
 no one had much appetite . 
 except drake , '' she added , smiling at the memory of the great dane , who 'd casually sauntered past a countertop and inhaled a platter of sweet potatoes . 
 the halls were mostly empty by now , with the exception of a few drama kids wearing black robes for the school production of the crucible . 
 a pimply boy carrying a tuba hurried out of the music wing and disappeared through the doors leading to the football field . 
 as they crossed the flagstones of a small courtyard , emma heard a dark chuckle from a bench in the corner . 
 it was garrett , his gaze pinned sharply on her . 
 he was alone , his gear bag slouched on the ground next to him . 
 his eyes were hard and angry , his lips twisted with bitter amusement . 
 `` you 'd better not let landry catch you sneaking around all buddy-buddy , '' he said , sneering . 
 `` although i could stand to watch him kick your ass again , vega . 
 i should have done it myself ages ago . '' 
 `` mind your own business , man , '' thayer shot back . 
 he stood with his legs planted wide and crossed his arms over his chest . 
 emma tensed next to him . 
 `` you 're not in charge of who i hang out with , garrett , '' she snapped , recalling laurel 's words . 
 it sounded like he 'd been more controlling than she would have guessed . 
 maybe , in the end , he had n't been able to control sutton . 
 maybe it had driven him crazy . 
 garrett gave her a long , cool look , his smile broadening slowly . 
 `` you are a piece of work , you know that ? 
 it 's almost like you believe your own lies . '' 
 she drew in her breath sharply . 
 once she would have thought he was just referring to sutton 's infidelity . 
 but maybe he meant emma 's lies about being sutton . 
 thayer 's hands clenched into fists for a moment . 
 then he relaxed them , shaking his head slowly at garrett . 
 `` man , it 's over . 
 this is pathetic even for you . 
 come on , sutton . '' 
 he rested his hand gently on her back and steered her through the door to the athletics wing . 
 emma glanced at thayer from the corner of her eye as they walked . 
 his face was stormy , a brooding frown creasing his forehead . 
 she bit her lip and took a deep breath . 
 `` you know garrett knew about us , right ? '' 
 thayer nodded . 
 `` i had a feeling . 
 he 's said some weird stuff to me since i got back . '' 
 `` weird stuff ? '' 
 `` just macho bullshit . 
 watch my back , that kind of thing . '' 
 thayer shrugged . 
 `` i brushed it off at first . 
 we 've never exactly been friends . 
 but he cornered me at the school break-in party a few weeks ago , drunk off his ass . 
 he was pretty aggressive . '' 
 emma 's throat went dry . 
 she stopped walking and touched his arm . 
 he stared down at her fingers on his sleeve for a second too long , then glanced up to meet her eyes . 
 `` thayer , do you remember anything at all about the face you saw through the windshield that night at sabino ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` do you think it could have been garrett ? '' 
 `` garrett ? '' 
 he blinked in surprise . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i really could n't see anything , it was so dark . '' 
 his brow furrowed . 
 `` do you have some reason to think it was him ? '' 
 `` no , not other than how angry he 's been at both of us , i guess . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` there are too many things in my life that do n't make any sense right now . 
 i wish i had some answers . '' 
 they stopped in the sports lobby just outside of the locker rooms . 
 nisha 's senior portrait , blown up and framed with black velvet , hung on a corkboard next to the ticket office . 
 in the picture her cobalt dress was bright against her dark skin . 
 she gave the camera a serious look , obviously trying to appear like the dignified future ivy leaguer she imagined herself to be , but the photographer had somehow caught the ghost of a smile on her lips . 
 all around the picture , people had pinned notes and cards , poems and song lyrics and messages in pink sparkly pen that nisha would have mocked as far too girly . 
 `` it 's just so awful , '' emma whispered . 
 thayer nodded , the corners of his mouth turning downward as he looked at the picture , too . 
 she sighed . 
 `` well , i 'd better get changed . 
 thanks for ... for walking with me . '' 
 thayer turned to look at her again , his gaze searching and intense , as though he was seeking something in her features but did n't know what . 
 emma ducked away , suddenly afraid of thayer 's hazel eyes . 
 `` it 's weird , '' he said quietly . 
 `` something about you has really changed . 
 sometimes it feels like you turned into a whole new person while i was away . '' 
 `` maybe i grew up , '' emma replied , her heart lurching nervously . 
 `` or maybe you did , and you 're just seeing me differently . '' 
 thayer shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know much , sutton , but i know nothing can change the way i feel about you . '' 
 relief flooded my body-the boy i loved so desperately still loved me back . 
 but it was tempered by a deep feeling of sadness . 
 thayer had so many more memories of our time together , whereas all i had were a few scattered scenes . 
 would i ever get those memories back ? 
 emma 's breath felt strangely short . 
 she glanced up at thayer 's wounded and confused expression , then looked quickly away . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 okay . '' 
 he shoved his hands into his pockets . 
 `` see you , sutton . '' 
 he turned toward the glass double doors and walked away from her . 
 she and i watched his retreating form together . 
 i wanted to call out and stop him , to somehow let him know that i 'm still here-and still in love with him . 
 but he did n't look back , not even once . 
 6 the canyon 's secret the humming sound of potters ' wheels provided a soothing background noise as emma sat in the ceramics studio on wednesday morning , struggling to attach a handle to a lopsided pitcher . 
 she dipped her fingers into the bucket of slip she 'd dredged from the vat at the back of the room and dabbed it carefully on her project . 
 madeline wrinkled her nose in distaste . 
 `` you got some of that stuff on your jeans , '' she said , pointing to a splotch on emma 's thigh . 
 `` ugh . 
 that 'd better come out in the wash , '' emma grumbled , though she had bigger problems right now than cleaning sutton 's j brands . 
 `` so where 's laurel ? '' 
 madeline asked , looking around . 
 `` i guess she decided to skip . '' 
 emma shrugged . 
 it was n't like laurel to cut class without the other lying game girls , but a lot of things had been weird lately . 
 `` i wish i 'd gone with her . '' 
 mads sighed as her mug collapsed yet again . 
 `` i ca n't stand much more of this . '' 
 charlotte put her bowl down , reaching over to pat madeline on the back . 
 `` here 's something to look forward to , '' charlotte said , smiling . 
 `` my mom decided we 're going to barbados for christmas . 
 and of course daddy 's on board . 
 he 's been on his best behavior ever since mom found a naughty text on his phone . 
 anyway , i refused to go unless i could take friends . 
 so pack your bags , bitches , because we 're heading to the land of rum and rihanna . '' 
 madeline 's jaw fell open . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 `` do i ever joke about vacations ? '' 
 charlotte winked . 
 `` in a few short weeks we 'll be lying on the beach , drinking out of coconuts , and watching boys on surfboards . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 madeline gave an uncharacteristic squeal , her eyes bright . 
 `` i am so in ! '' 
 charlotte looked at emma expectantly . 
 `` sutton ? 
 what about you ? '' 
 emma could barely process charlotte 's invitation . 
 the only `` beach '' she had ever been to was a fake one at a water park outside vegas , with screaming children and a lazy river that was probably full of pee . 
 images of white-sand beaches and brilliant blue water immediately danced through her mind . 
 but then she hesitated . 
 `` i 'll have to ask mom and dad , '' she said . 
 that seemed confirmation enough for charlotte . 
 `` oh , you 'll convince them . 
 you always do . '' 
 she laughed in excitement , launching into a description of the private house her parents had rented , the beach bars that served pina coladas every afternoon , and the celebrities who would be going incognito . 
 `` rob pattinson for sure , he 's always there , '' char was saying , but emma was n't really listening . 
 the truth was , she 'd been looking forward to celebrating the holidays with the mercers . 
 she 'd never had much of a real christmas before . 
 a few of her foster families had tried to celebrate the holidays but never really made emma feel welcome or included . 
 there were usually some impersonal presents from a charity drive-three years in a row , she had received cheap desk sets from well-meaning donors-and maybe a dry turkey dinner . 
 emma was sure that christmas with the mercers would be different . 
 she did n't care about presents , but she could n't wait to see the living room bright with tinsel , fragrant with the smell of a tree . 
 she imagined laurel playing carols on the baby grand ; mr. mercer singing along , totally off-key ; mrs. mercer wearing an ugly christmas sweater and a santa hat as she baked sugar cookies . 
 they would hang stockings and ornaments and drink eggnog by the fire-even though it probably would n't get below fifty degrees in arizona . 
 she knew it was hokey , but she did n't care . 
 she 'd never had a hokey christmas to get tired of . 
 plus , ethan was here , not in barbados . 
 and she 'd always wanted to corner a boy under the mistletoe . 
 at that moment the door to the pottery studio flew open , slamming against the bookcase behind it . 
 charlotte 's bowl slipped from her hand and shattered on the ground . 
 the school 's front office manager , a kindly woman named peggy , stood in the doorway . 
 her normally neat graying hair was coming loose from its bun . 
 she glanced wildly around until she caught sight of mrs. gilliam , then strode quickly across the room to whisper something in her ear . 
 mrs. gilliam 's owl-like eyes fell on emma . 
 `` sutton , you 're needed in the office . '' 
 mrs. gilliam was clearly trying to be calm , but she 'd gone pale . 
 her bangles jangled discordantly as she gestured in emma 's direction . 
 `` i 'll clean up your station ; do n't worry about that . 
 you just go . '' 
 emma 's heart sank with dread . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she managed to ask through her choked throat . 
 peggy spoke up this time , her nasal voice hushed . 
 `` your parents are here to see you . 
 something has happened . '' 
 laurel , emma and i thought at once . 
 something had happened to laurel . 
 that explained why she had n't been in class . 
 emma was on her feet without fully realizing it , tearing through the door and out into the hallway . 
 `` walk , do n't run , miss mercer , '' peggy called out behind her , but emma took off at breakneck speed , past the say no to drugs ! 
 and wildcat pride posters , her shoes sliding dangerously on the scuffed linoleum . 
 she turned a corner and hip-checked a recycling bin , sending it rolling across the floor , but did n't stop . 
 just as she was about to turn into the front office , she ran full-on into someone-someone who smelled familiar , like freshly mown grass , mint gum , and hospital . 
 it was mr. mercer . 
 `` thank god , '' he mumbled , his eyes racing over her features like he was checking each and every one of them . 
 he pulled her in and hugged her tight . 
 `` you 're okay . '' 
 he was still wearing a lab coat and hospital id ; he 'd obviously come straight from work . 
 for a moment emma just stood there , rigid in his arms , her heart still racing . 
 how had the murderer attacked this time ? 
 did laurel 's death look like a suicide , like nisha 's ? 
 then a shaky voice spoke up from behind mr. mercer . 
 `` sutton , what 's going on ? '' 
 emma broke away to peer over his shoulder . 
 behind him , mrs. mercer stood , her eyes swollen with tears . 
 and next to her was laurel . 
 `` oh my god , '' emma exclaimed , flying at laurel and hugging her tight . 
 for once , i was grateful for emma 's tendency to show more emotion than i ever would . 
 she needed to hug laurel enough for the both of us . 
 `` um , good to see you , too ? '' 
 laurel tried to joke , though she was clearly shaken . 
 she took a step back and twisted a lock of hair nervously around her finger . 
 a single hot tear cut down emma 's cheek . 
 `` i just thought ... i was worried that you ... you were n't in class ... '' she looked up at mr. mercer , frowning . 
 `` what 's going on , dad ? '' 
 `` let 's step outside , '' he said softly , taking emma by the elbow and leading her toward the door . 
 laurel and mrs. mercer followed . 
 they exited by the student parking lot . 
 a small strip of lawn stretched out between the building and the sidewalk , a beat-up picnic table carved with graffiti of ages past chained to a handicapped parking sign . 
 a few feet away , sutton 's beloved volvo glittered in the sun . 
 mr. mercer guided everyone gently toward the table , gesturing for them to sit down . 
 the chasm of dread in emma 's chest opened wider as her grandfather sat slowly next to her . 
 he inhaled deeply , and then , finally , he met her eyes . 
 what she saw there stopped her ragged breath in her throat . 
 she knew what he would say a heartbeat before she heard it . 
 `` the police found a body in sabino canyon , '' he said . 
 `` they think it 's your sister . '' 
 emma 's hands clenched against her thighs . 
 a panicked feeling clawed inside her chest , more and more frantic , until she could n't push it down any longer . 
 she opened her mouth and let out an anguished sob . 
 the sunny afternoon fragmented into a thousand pieces , like a mirror breaking before my eyes . 
 my parents and my sisters fell away from my vision . 
 and just like that , i was back in the canyon , on the last night of my life . 
 7 a hand in the dark becky 's footsteps fade away into the velvet darkness , until there 's no sound in the canyon but the wind echoing mournfully through the trees . 
 this late , even the crickets are silent . 
 the moon looks ghostly , shining through tattered clouds and casting strange shadows all over the clearing , warped and grotesque . 
 far below me , the lights of tucson sprawl at my feet . 
 i feel more alone than i 've ever felt in my life . 
 the breeze is sharp on my damp cheeks , and i rest my hands over my face for a long moment , hiding from the world like i did when i was a kid . 
 between the darkness and all the crying i 've done tonight , my eyes are starting to feel strained . 
 the pressure of my palms soothes me , shutting out my surroundings-but it ca n't shut out the memories that keep flashing through my brain . 
 the fight with thayer , after i 'd spent so long looking forward to seeing him . 
 the accident , the terrible crunching sound of thayer 's leg snapping as my own car plowed into him , driven by someone i could n't see . 
 my father , coming to tell me that i was his granddaughter , that my biological mother is his daughter becky . 
 and then becky herself-my sad , tormented birth mom-telling me that somewhere out there , i have a twin sister . 
 i think of my old dream , where my reflection would step out of the mirror and we 'd play together . 
 i would always wake up feeling peaceful and somehow sad . 
 i never wanted to leave her , this other girl who looked like me and yet was n't . 
 a part of me has always known , i realize now . 
 a part of me has always missed her . 
 anger spikes through me . 
 i lean down and pick up a handful of rocks , throwing them as hard as i can out over the side of the canyon . 
 the muscles in my shoulder flex and burn with the effort . 
 i 'm mad at becky . 
 i 'm mad at my grandparents . 
 because they could n't work out their own problems , i 've been kept from my twin . 
 i 've been denied the one person who might have understood me , who might have made me feel less alone . 
 it hurts , even more than the years of wondering why my birth mother abandoned me , why my parents loved laurel more . 
 it hurts because without this missing piece , i will never feel complete . 
 `` selfish ! '' 
 i shriek , releasing another stone into the night air . 
 `` you 're ... all ... just ... selfish ! '' 
 my voice echoes around the canyon , bouncing back at me fainter and fainter until it 's gone . 
 then my hands are empty . 
 i stand there for a moment , my breath heaving , my fingers clenched . 
 i could pick up more rocks . 
 i could throw them all night . 
 but suddenly i think of becky 's ravaged face , thin and tear-streaked , its faint resemblance to my own unmistakable . 
 i remember the stricken look on my grandfather 's face as i screamed at him earlier tonight . 
 and the rage begins to seep out of me , like water from a sponge . 
 i am a long way from forgiving them . 
 but maybe , just maybe , they 've already punished themselves enough for their mistakes . 
 they 've already suffered more than i would wish on any of them . 
 something snaps in the bushes . 
 i stop and listen , my heart pounding , but whatever it is goes silent . 
 some nocturnal creature on its way home , probably . 
 turning away from the cityscape , i sit on the bench again , exhausted . 
 i should start heading back down to the parking lot , and across the street to nisha 's so i can make someone drive me home . 
 but i do n't want to see any of my friends right now . 
 they 're always waiting for me to show the slightest sign of weakness . 
 the only person i 'd let see me when i 'm vulnerable like this is thayer . 
 i pull out my phone and scroll to thayer 's number-i have no service out here , but i just want to look at his picture . 
 it 's my favorite photo of him , gazing out over wasson peak . 
 thayer normally smirks for the camera , and even though i love that signature cocky smile of his , i managed to take this picture before he realized it . 
 this thoughtful , serious side of thayer-this is who he is when he 's with me . 
 i sigh , looking at the picture and blinking back tears . 
 i love thayer . 
 when we 're not fighting , we 're perfect together . 
 we make each other stronger . 
 the only thing that 's keeping us apart is the secrets we 've been hiding , the lies we 've been telling . 
 thayer was the one who wanted to keep our relationship a secret . 
 and i agreed . 
 i did n't want to hurt garrett or laurel or madeline . 
 but i 'm tired of lies . 
 all our sneaking around is just as bad as the secrets my parents kept from me . 
 we 've hurt people , including each other . 
 i 'm not afraid of how real our love is , and i do n't care who knows it . 
 i take a deep breath of the cool , crisp night air . 
 i 'm going to break up with garrett and go public with thayer . 
 garrett will be hurt , i know . 
 his face will turn purple with rage , and he 'll say some mean and ugly things . 
 but is n't it kinder , in the end , to rip off the bandage now ? 
 to stay with him any longer would be leading him on . 
 i open up an e-mail on my phone from our secret account and start to type , overcome by the sudden need to say all this , to get it down while the emotions are fresh and raw . 
 dear thayer , i begin . 
 and then i keep writing . 
 i tell him everything i 've held back so long . 
 that i 'm ready to move on to the next stage of our relationship . 
 that i love him . 
 it all comes pouring out of me . 
 and then i hear another noise , another soft rustling in the bushes . 
 i pause , my nerves singing . 
 it does n't sound like an animal to me . 
 someone is in the canyon with me . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i call . 
 maybe becky came back to tell me more about my sister . 
 or maybe my dad came to pick me up . 
 but no one answers . 
 my blood picks up speed again , my pulse thudding in my ears . 
 i save my draft and stand up from the bench , but i ca n't see beyond the trees and boulders that circle the little clearing . 
 it could be madeline-thayer could have called her from the hospital . 
 maybe he asked her to come pick me up and she decided to mess with my head a little first , punish me for being out here with her brother . 
 i deserve it . 
 `` is anyone there ? 
 say something , '' i yell . 
 i sound braver than i feel . 
 `` come on , it 's late , i 'm not in the mood for this shit . '' 
 i take a few steps toward the source of the sound , willing myself not to look scared . 
 someone might be videotaping me from the trees . 
 in the lying game , you never know when one of your friends is getting footage of you looking like a moron , or setting you up for a fall . 
 you 're always waiting for your comeuppance . 
 it used to be fun . 
 i used to crave that adrenaline rush , that feeling of being just a little out of control . 
 but that was back when we had an emergency brake . 
 before i destroyed it . 
 just a few weeks earlier , i 'd pretended to stall my car on the train tracks . 
 it was a good prank . 
 but during that stunt i 'd done the unforgivable : i 'd said , cross my heart and hope to die , the phrase we were only supposed to use if we were really in trouble . 
 at the time it seemed like a great idea . 
 our pranks were starting to get predictable and stale . 
 we 'd gotten so used to each other 's tricks we could see one coming from a mile away and derail it before it had a chance to really get good . 
 breaking the safe-words ' hold on us was the only way to keep the game interesting . 
 but since then , the game has gotten a little too interesting . 
 my friends fake-kidnapped me a week later and filmed my sister strangling me into unconsciousness with my own locket . 
 it left a big bruise on my throat ; i went through three bottles of concealer in a week trying to cover it up . 
 garrett caught sight of it one night when we were waiting to get a table at cafe poca cosa and freaked out-he asked what had happened , but i just shrugged off his question . 
 what happens in the lying game stays in the lying game . 
 before that night we 'd never actually gotten physical with each other . 
 the stakes have gone up , and it 's not as fun as i expected-i 've been twitchy since then , constantly waiting for the other shoe to fall . 
 and now there 's no going back . 
 once you 've broken a rule like that , you ca n't fix it . 
 `` mads ? 
 char ? '' 
 i take another step toward the trees , squinting into the darkness . 
 my mouth has gone dry . 
 i think of the stranger in my car , bearing down on thayer . 
 whoever hit him could still be out here , hiding in the shadows . 
 i try to swallow but it 's like i 've got a throat full of sand . 
 a few yards away an owl gives a soft , chuckling hoot , making me jump . 
 `` you guys ? '' 
 my voice sounds too high . 
 i clear my throat and try again . 
 `` whatever , bitches . 
 your lame stalker act is n't fooling anyone . '' 
 i turn back to the bench , my hands shaking as i throw the bag over my shoulder and start for the trail . 
 i 'm tired of not being able to trust anyone-not even my best friends . 
 maybe it 's time to end the lying game . 
 i try to imagine their reactions to that idea . 
 charlotte will go all alpha on me and tell me it 's not mine to end . 
 madeline will wheedle and coax . 
 laurel will get sullen and claim i 'm only ending it to hurt her after she worked so hard to get in . 
 but i hate that tonight of all nights , after all i 've been through , i 'm literally freaking out because i think my own friends are up to something . 
 that 's not how friendship is supposed to work . 
 the path to the parking lot is steep and treacherous , covered in roots and rocks . 
 i start down it slowly , leaning back to counterbalance myself as i go . 
 when the moon disappears behind a dense cluster of clouds , i have to feel my way in the dark . 
 that 's when i feel someone 's hand on my shoulder . 
 `` sutton , '' growls a voice behind me , rough and angry . 
 the smell of whiskey mingles sickeningly with that of spearmint . 
 but i know that voice . 
 and as soon as i realize who it is , i know just how much trouble i 'm in . 
 it 's garrett . 
 8 the game 's afoot emma 's lungs seized as if she 'd had the wind knocked out of her , the breath frozen painfully in her chest . 
 `` my ... my sister ? '' 
 across the table , mrs. mercer stifled a sob , and laurel put a comforting arm around her shoulders . 
 emma turned to look at mr. mercer , noticing for the first time the mud on the elbows of his lab coat , the twig snagged in his shoelaces . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sutton , '' he murmured . 
 `` yes . 
 it was emma . 
 i identified the body . '' 
 the body . 
 someone had finally found my body . 
 after so long , it almost did n't feel real . 
 emma 's breath kept catching in her throat so that she felt just a step away from hyperventilating . 
 the world slid in and out of focus around her . 
 of course , she 'd known all along that sutton was dead ... but somehow , hearing this made it feel more real . 
 `` that is , '' mr. mercer went on , his eyes haunted , `` there was n't much to identify . 
 her body was n't ... was n't in good shape . 
 but they found her driver 's license in her bag . '' 
 his voice cracked . 
 `` the picture . 
 god , sutton , i just-it looked just like you . '' 
 emma 's gut wrenched violently . 
 her driver 's license ? 
 as in emma 's driver 's license ? 
 her wallet , along with her duffel bag , had been stolen on her first night in tucson . 
 if the police had found it with the body , that meant two things : one , that the murderer had been the one to steal her things-which she 'd suspected but had n't been able to verify . 
 and two , the killer had gone back to the scene of the crime to plant evidence . 
 `` garrett had gone back , '' i corrected my sister silently . 
 i could still feel that hand on my shoulder , that voice in my ear , as if no time at all had passed since the night in the canyon . 
 garrett . 
 it seemed so obvious now . 
 he 'd been so jealous . 
 so violent . 
 why had i stayed with him , knowing all that ? 
 how could i have been so stupid ? 
 `` the police thought she was you , at first . 
 they thought it was some kind of fake id , '' mrs. mercer said softly . 
 her cardigan was buttoned wrong , and her hands kept fluttering nervously to her mouth as if she wanted to stop the words from coming out of it . 
 `` but of course , you are n't missing , and that body had been in the canyon for ... for a few months , at least . 
 they called us down , and we explained about becky and that we 'd just found out about emma ourselves . '' 
 emma put her hands over her face . 
 her heart hammered so loudly in her ears that for a moment , she could n't hear anything else . 
 she tried not to think about sutton 's body-a girl who looked just like her , but ... well , decomposed . 
 but now that she knew it was real , the image was hard to shake . 
 `` who found her ? '' 
 she whispered through her hands . 
 `` a kid , '' mr. mercer said . 
 `` a freshman at the university . 
 he was hiking off the main trails and found her at the bottom of a ravine . 
 she was covered with leaves , so no one could see her from the trail . 
 but he saw her ... her foot sticking out . '' 
 i strained my mind , trying to connect myself to what they 'd found there in the canyon . 
 even though emma did n't want to imagine the body , i could n't help it . 
 was i a skeleton now , empty eye sockets staring at the sky ? 
 i felt a strange sort of detachment . 
 even though i had lived in it for eighteen years , that body was n't me ; not anymore . 
 emma drew her hands away from her face . 
 she took a deep breath , and finally her lungs filled all the way . 
 the world suddenly seemed to have a surreal brightness , as if the sky and trees and mountains were oversaturated with color . 
 laurel sat staring at her , her mouth drawn into a small button in her face . 
 mrs. mercer 's eyes were moist with compassion . 
 next to her , mr. mercer put a hand on her back and rubbed gently . 
 no one seemed to have any suspicions , yet , that the body was n't emma 's . 
 at least there was that . 
 `` how did she die ? '' 
 emma 's voice was barely a whisper . 
 mr. mercer hesitated , exchanging glances with his wife . 
 something unreadable darted across his face and was gone . 
 `` they wo n't know for sure until after an autopsy , '' he said . 
 `` it appears that she fell off the cliff . 
 a lot of her bones were broken . '' 
 of course . 
 the killer had made sutton 's death look like an accident , or possibly a suicide-just like nisha 's . 
 for all intents and purposes , sutton mercer-or now , emma paxton-had simply stumbled to her death . 
 would they ever find proof that i was murdered ? 
 i tried to go back to the memory , to garrett 's hand on my shoulder , hoping i could trigger the rest of it . 
 i wanted to know how he 'd done it . 
 but it was just like trying to go back to sleep to continue a dream that was interrupted . 
 i could n't do it . 
 `` they would n't answer any of my questions when i identified the body , '' mr. mercer continued . 
 `` they said the investigation was ` ongoing , ' whatever that means . 
 so we 'll just have to wait for the medical examiner 's report to know for sure . '' 
 he ran his hands over his eyes violently , like he was trying to rub away the memory of what he 'd seen . 
 `` when i first saw her , i was sure it was you . 
 even though my brain was telling me it could n't be , that she was too long dead and i 'd just seen you this morning , i was absolutely certain it was you . 
 she was wearing a pink hoodie i could have sworn i 'd seen you in before . 
 i 've never been so scared . '' 
 he pulled her into a rough hug . 
 `` but you 're okay . 
 thank god you 're okay . '' 
 mrs. mercer 's shoulders shuddered as she started to cry again . 
 laurel grabbed her purse and rummaged inside , coming up with a small packet of kleenex that she handed to her mother . 
 emma felt her own lip tremble at the sight of her grandmother so disconsolate . 
 she clasped her hand over her mouth to keep from letting out a sob . 
 `` i just do n't know what to feel , '' cried mrs. mercer . 
 `` i 'm so relieved it 's not our baby . 
 i 'm so grateful for that . 
 but emma ... emma was ours too . 
 i know we never knew her . 
 but now we never will . '' 
 the sight of mrs. mercer and laurel crying together was the final straw . 
 she could n't do it anymore . 
 it was n't fair . 
 the mercers had a right to know that it was their baby down in the canyon . 
 they had the right to be able to grieve sutton . 
 `` i have to tell you something , '' she said , her voice sounding flat and distant in her ears . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i screamed , trying to somehow get emma 's attention , make her hear my voice just once . 
 i appreciated her motives , but she was n't going to accomplish anything by coming clean now . 
 how did she plan on solving my murder from behind bars ? 
 `` i - '' emma stared out over the parking lot as she spoke , unable to meet their eyes . 
 the sun bounced off the windshields of the cars . 
 from where she sat she could see sutton 's vintage volvo , which her sister had restored with mr. mercer 's help . 
 `` what is it , honey ? '' 
 mrs. mercer asked gently . 
 but emma did n't answer . 
 she 'd just seen something . 
 a note was tucked under the volvo 's windshield wiper . 
 a cold calm descended on emma . 
 she stood up , moving robotically . 
 her mind was eerily still as she walked to the car and carefully pulled back the wiper to grab the piece of paper . 
 she held it in her hand for a moment , feeling the mercers ' eyes on her . 
 she knew without looking where it had come from , but if she did n't open it , if she did n't see the familiar , blocky handwriting , she could still pretend to herself that the note could be anything . 
 from anyone . 
 a parking ticket , a flyer for a party , a love note . 
 anything but what it really was . 
 but she had to open it . 
 because the person who had left it was probably still watching . 
 she unfolded the note . 
 it was on the same lined notebook paper as the other notes she 'd gotten . 
 the handwriting was rigid , the letters carved so deeply into the paper they almost tore through it in a few spots . 
 sutton did n't do what i told her , and she paid for it . 
 do n't make the same mistake . 
 keep up the game , or nisha wo n't be the only person you care about who dies for your sake . 
 her gaze shot up . 
 she looked frantically up and down the rows of cars , trying to see who might have left it . 
 how long had it been there ? 
 how had the murderer known so quickly that the body had been found ? 
 the parking lot glittered serenely around her . 
 several rows away , two girls in aviator shades got out of a silver miata , one sipping a frappuccino . 
 then emma glanced toward the school , and her blood ran cold . 
 a boy sat staring out a window , a notebook open on the desk in front of him . 
 his lips were twisted into an ugly , knowing smirk , a look of delighted malice lighting up his eyes . 
 he watched her hungrily , almost eagerly , like he could n't wait to see what she 'd do next . 
 it was garrett . 
 emma refused to look away . 
 adrenaline surged through her body , and she held garrett 's gaze , determined not to reveal how terrified she was . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 back on the lawn , mr. mercer had taken a few uncertain steps toward her . 
 mrs. mercer and laurel watched her with wide eyes from the picnic table . 
 emma propped herself up against the side of the car . 
 `` what is that ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 laurel asked , frowning . 
 `` you look like you 've seen a ghost . '' 
 if only , i thought grimly . 
 `` flyer . 
 for a car wash , '' emma muttered , shaking her head . 
 `` sorry . 
 i ... i guess i 'm kind of in shock . '' 
 she glanced again at garrett . 
 he had turned back to his notebook and was scribbling something frantically . 
 then , without glancing at her , he lifted the notebook so she could read what he 'd scrawled there . 
 bitch . 
 lined paper , block letters . 
 scrawled with a savage intensity . 
 her knees started to tremble . 
 still staring straight ahead , garrett put the notebook back down . 
 he did n't look at her again-but he did n't have to . 
 she knew he 'd already seen everything he needed to see . 
 `` let 's get you all home , '' mr. mercer said , shuffling them into his suv . 
 as they pulled away from the school , emma risked a glance back toward the window , but the glare from the late-afternoon sun hid garrett from view . 
 it did n't matter . 
 i could picture him just as clearly as if he 'd been in front of me . 
 garrett-sweet and affectionate garrett , my over-eager boyfriend-had another side . 
 an angry side . 
 a temperamental side . 
 and that night in the canyon , a violent side . 
 9 bad cop , bad cop `` i 'll get it , '' emma called into the kitchen , grabbing the money that mr. mercer had left on the entryway table . 
 the doorbell rang again . 
 no one had been in the mood to cook dinner , so they had decided to order gourmet pizza from a place called flying pie . 
 all afternoon she 'd been folding and unfolding that note , staring down at the angry scrawl , thinking of the look on garrett 's face from that window as he watched her . 
 nisha wo n't be the only person you care about who dies for your sake . 
 she read the words over and over . 
 the thought paralyzed her . 
 everyone , everyone was at risk now-and the killer was a step ahead of her at every turn . 
 she could n't make a move without endangering someone she loved . 
 since she got home her phone had been chiming with texts , but she turned it off without even checking it . 
 mads and char , thayer , ethan-the thought of talking to any of them made her stomach squirm . 
 especially ethan . 
 what if the text was intercepted somehow ? 
 what if the murderer found out that ethan knew her secret ? 
 her very first threatening note had said tell no one . 
 `` coming , '' she yelled , as the deliveryman knocked . 
 she opened the door . 
 `` thanks for wait - '' but the words died in her throat . 
 it was n't the pizza guy . 
 it was detective quinlan . 
 he wore a badly fitting brown suit , immaculately clean and pressed , and his shoes shone like he 'd just pulled them out of the box . 
 his expression was unreadable behind the soup-strainer mustache that hung over his upper lip . 
 his eyes were the cold gray of granite . 
 `` good evening , miss mercer , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm very sorry for your loss . '' 
 emma gave a jerky nod , fighting to stay calm . 
 she should have expected this-the cops would have questions , and the mercers were emma paxton 's next of kin . 
 my sister had to be on her guard . 
 i 'd spent the better part of my life trying to outsmart that man , and he was n't as dumb as he looked . 
 behind her , footsteps sounded as mr. mercer entered the room . 
 `` detective , '' he said , coming forward to shake the man 's hand . 
 `` i expected you tomorrow . '' 
 `` you folks are on my way home . 
 i thought i 'd swing by and see how you 're doing . '' 
 mr. mercer gave a wan smile . 
 `` a little shell-shocked , mostly . 
 come on in . '' 
 quinlan 's mustache twitched almost imperceptibly . 
 `` thanks so much . '' 
 mr. mercer led the detective into the kitchen , emma trailing behind them with her heart pounding in her ears . 
 mrs. mercer and laurel were at the kitchen island laying out plates and napkins for the pizza . 
 they both stopped in their tracks when they saw quinlan . 
 he gave an apologetic smile . 
 `` sorry to interrupt right at dinnertime . 
 i know it 's been a long day . '' 
 `` not at all , '' mrs. mercer said . 
 she put down the pile of plates . 
 `` can i get you something to drink , detective ? 
 i can put on a pot of coffee . '' 
 `` do n't trouble yourself , mrs. mercer . '' 
 he glanced around the room , picking up a pineapple-shaped serving dish from the counter and examining it in his hands . 
 emma walked over to stand by laurel , who gave her a wide-eyed , furtive look . 
 mrs. mercer gestured for quinlan to sit in one of the dining chairs , then took a seat across from him , her husband standing behind her with a hand on her shoulder . 
 the detective took a tiny notebook out of his breast pocket and flipped it open . 
 `` i 've been talking to las vegas , and here 's what i 've got so far . 
 emma paxton went missing on september first after an argument with her foster family . 
 no one 's heard from her since . 
 her foster mother reported her missing , but because there were no signs of abduction or foul play , she was assumed to be a runaway . 
 foster kids take off all the time . 
 emma was just a few weeks away from turning eighteen , so lvpd figured she 'd just gotten a head start on setting out on her own . '' 
 he clicked his pen a few times and glanced up at emma . 
 `` what we 're trying to figure out is how she ended up here . 
 is there anything you can tell me about that , sutton ? '' 
 emma took a deep , controlled breath , trying to quell the rising panic in her chest . 
 if they were investigating emma paxton , it would n't be long before they checked sutton 's facebook account and found out the twins had been in contact . 
 she had to tell them as much truth as she could without giving herself away-or else she 'd get caught in a much bigger lie . 
 she licked her lips . 
 `` y-yes , '' she stammered . 
 `` she messaged me on facebook the night before she disappeared . 
 we made plans to meet in the canyon the next day . '' 
 mr. and mrs. mercer 's heads both shot around to stare at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mr. mercer asked , his eyebrows arched up as high as they could go . 
 the color had drained from mrs. mercer 's face . 
 next to her , laurel gaped soundlessly . 
 emma stared down at her feet-she did n't trust herself to meet anyone 's eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you earlier , '' she said , inventing rapidly . 
 `` i was n't sure if it was real or not . 
 she never showed up where we agreed to meet , and i assumed it was all some sort of prank . '' 
 she thought back to that night-how eager and hopeful she 'd been , how excited to finally meet her family . 
 grief twisted in her chest . 
 laurel snaked her arm reassuringly through emma 's . 
 `` was that what you were trying to tell us earlier this afternoon , back at school ? '' 
 `` yes , '' emma agreed quickly , grateful for laurel 's explanation . 
 `` i waited for her for hours . '' 
 quinlan 's pen scratched quickly across the page , the only sound in the thick silence . 
 emma looked up at the mercers , their faces full of sadness and confusion . 
 the gray streak in mrs. mercer 's hair seemed to stand out more starkly than usual , her face lined . 
 she looked strangely old . 
 `` and you did n't tell anyone about this ? 
 did n't worry about your sister ? '' 
 quinlan said skeptically . 
 emma met quinlan 's eyes . 
 inside , her heart was racing , her nerves on fire . 
 but she gazed steadily at the detective for a long moment . 
 `` this all happened right after i met my birth mom , detective quinlan . 
 do you know anything about my birth mom ? '' 
 quinlan glanced at mr. mercer . 
 during becky 's most recent stay in town , she 'd been arrested for pulling a knife on a stranger during a psychotic break . 
 emma was willing to bet it was n't her first run-in with the law . 
 `` yes , '' he said finally . 
 `` i know about your mother . '' 
 emma could feel her lip trembling , but she held her head steady . 
 mr. mercer took a step toward her as if to comfort her , but she did n't turn her gaze from quinlan . 
 `` becky has problems , '' she said . 
 `` she skips town any time she gets a little upset . 
 how was i supposed to know emma was n't just like her ? '' 
 the bitterness in her voice-anger directed at becky-was genuine . 
 a single tear streaked down her cheek . 
 `` and like i said , i was n't totally convinced it was n't a prank . 
 i did n't want everyone to see me acting ... desperate . '' 
 mrs. mercer gave a strangled groan and buried her face in her hands . 
 mr. mercer looked torn between comforting his wife and going to his daughter . 
 but before he could move , laurel spoke . 
 `` in case you have n't noticed , '' she said curtly , `` we 're grieving . '' 
 a rush of gratitude for my sister filled me . 
 quinlan pursed his lips slightly , jotting something down in his notebook , then flipped back a few pages to look something up . 
 `` all right , '' he said . 
 `` miss paxton 's time of death is estimated to be between august thirtieth and september first . 
 were you in sabino canyon between those dates ? '' 
 laurel gave a little jump , and emma knew what she was thinking . 
 the thirty-first was the night thayer and sutton had been out in the canyon on a date ; when thayer was hit by someone driving sutton 's car , and laurel had to come take him to the hospital . 
 but it was mr. mercer who answered . 
 `` sutton and i were both at sabino canyon on august thirty-first . '' 
 he glanced at mrs. mercer . 
 `` we met becky there . 
 it was a pretty emotional night . 
 sutton did n't know about becky until then . '' 
 quinlan turned his steely gaze back on emma . 
 `` was this before or after you 'd found emma on facebook ? '' 
 `` just before , '' she said . 
 `` becky told me about emma , and a few hours later i got the message from emma herself . '' 
 quinlan 's hairy eyebrows arched high on his forehead . 
 `` that 's quite the coincidence . '' 
 emma shrugged , though a thin sheen of sweat had broken out at her temples . 
 `` i assumed becky had gotten in touch with emma right before she came to see me . 
 after all , emma is the twin that becky raised . 
 i 'm the one she gave away . 
 the one she did n't want . '' 
 she let her voice waver , then hoped she was n't overdoing it . 
 `` if she wanted us to finally meet after all these years , it stands to reason that she would go to emma first . '' 
 a long and awkward silence followed this speech . 
 mrs. mercer was still hiding her face in her hands , weeping silently . 
 laurel seemed to be examining the brown mosaic tile on the floor . 
 emma swallowed hard . 
 `` okay , '' quinlan said , drawing out the second syllable skeptically . 
 `` so can you explain why you walked into the station two days later calling yourself emma paxton ? '' 
 the question dropped like a bomb . 
 mrs. mercer 's hand flew away from her face as she whipped around to stare at emma . 
 next to her , laurel went rigid . 
 mr. mercer blinked at quinlan . 
 `` she did what ? '' 
 he asked , his face sheet-white . 
 `` yup . 
 first day of school , sutton came into the station insisting that she was n't sutton but emma , and that something terrible had happened to her twin . 
 i blew it off as another prank . 
 now , though ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` now i 'm not so sure . '' 
 emma 's collar suddenly felt like it was choking her . 
 she swallowed hard , forcing herself to hold quinlan 's gaze . 
 `` well , yeah , '' she said softly . 
 `` it was a prank . 
 i 'd just found out i had a twin . 
 it was n't like i knew anything had happened to her . 
 like i said , she did n't show up when we were supposed to meet . '' 
 she held his gaze , trying to channel a little of sutton 's attitude , trying to imagine how sutton would handle being interrogated when her long-lost sister had just died . 
 `` i was mad . 
 mad at my parents , mad at becky , mad at emma for standing me up . 
 i was hoping you 'd call me on it . 
 that you 'd tell my parents , and then i 'd find out if emma was even real . '' 
 she looked away from quinlan to her grandparents . 
 mrs. mercer stared miserably at her , her eyes glassy with tears . 
 mr. mercer looked stern for a moment , like he might chastise her , but then he looked away as though ashamed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' mr. mercer said , blowing air heavily out through his mouth . 
 `` you 're right , sutton . 
 we should have told you the truth much sooner . '' 
 not bad , i thought , oddly proud of emma 's performance . 
 she did a good angry sutton mercer . 
 i must have been rubbing off on her after all . 
 a stab of shame shot through emma 's chest . 
 now mr. mercer thought he was in the wrong , when none of this was his fault . 
 i hope someday you can forgive me , she thought . 
 but all she said was , `` it 's not important anymore . '' 
 quinlan sat very still in the chair , watching her evenly . 
 he let the silence stretch out a heartbeat too long before speaking again . 
 `` i have one more question , and then i 'll get out of your hair for the evening . 
 sutton , we 've been looking at nisha banerjee 's phone records to try to figure out what may have happened in the hours leading up to her death . 
 it looks like she called you and texted you ... '' - he glanced at his notes - '' ... eight times all together . '' 
 emma nodded . 
 she 'd been expecting this ever since the funeral . 
 `` i was busy and did n't answer . 
 i tried to call her back later , after tennis , but by the time i called her ... '' she trailed off helplessly . 
 the detective raised an eyebrow . 
 `` so you have no idea what she was messaging you about ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i wish i did . '' 
 emma 's voice broke . 
 `` maybe i could have helped her . '' 
 laurel gave emma a stricken look and squeezed her arm . 
 `` i asked dr. banerjee about it , but he did n't know either . '' 
 `` what does that have to do with sutton ? '' 
 mr. mercer asked , frowning at quinlan . 
 the detective shook his head . 
 `` probably nothing , '' he said . 
 `` but it seemed unusual . 
 nisha did n't make a habit of calling anyone that frantically . 
 i 'm just trying to make sure we have all the facts . '' 
 the detective stood up , closing his notebook and sliding it back into his breast pocket . 
 `` sutton , i really need to see those facebook messages . 
 we 're trying to come up with a timeline of what happened to emma , and they 'll help . 
 can you come by the station on friday ? '' 
 emma wanted to ask quinlan some questions , too-about the state of the body , whether there was any evidence of murder or footprints nearby or anything-but he was already looking at her strangely , and she did n't want to set off any more alarms in his head . 
 instead , she just nodded . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'll come after school . '' 
 quinlan paused where he stood , looking around at each of them . 
 his gaze lingered longest on emma . 
 `` i should warn you , this is going public tomorrow . '' 
 `` public ? '' 
 emma asked , frowning . 
 `` there 's a press conference scheduled for eight a.m. i 'm guessing the media are going to have a field day with it . 
 you should be prepared for that . '' 
 mrs. mercer rose from her seat . 
 `` ca n't we keep this quiet ? '' 
 she asked pleadingly . 
 `` we have n't even had time to take this in . '' 
 quinlan looked sympathetic , but he shook his head . 
 `` there 's already a half dozen news helicopters circling over the spot where we found her . 
 i 'm afraid the story 's going to hit pretty hard . '' 
 he pulled his wallet from his back pocket and removed a business card . 
 `` i 'll leave this here . 
 give me a call if you remember anything else that you think might be of use . '' 
 `` of course , '' mr. mercer murmured . 
 `` i 'll see you out , detective quinlan . '' 
 the detective followed emma 's grandfather back to the front door . 
 as they passed her , quinlan flashed her a sharp look , his eyes glittering brightly . 
 then he was gone . 
 emma braced herself against the kitchen island , the strength flooding out of her all at once . 
 she 'd managed to dodge the truth one more time . 
 but she had a feeling quinlan was n't done with her yet . 
 how much longer would she be able to conceal her identity , now that the cops had found sutton 's body ? 
 emma 's secrets-and mine-were unraveling faster than she could build new lies to cover them up . 
 and i knew from experience what happens at the end of a lying game . 
 you get caught . 
 10 stand by your man -lrb- and vice versa -rrb- the last bit of evening light illuminated the cracked wood of ethan 's front steps when emma pulled up outside his house a few hours later . 
 ethan sat on the creaky porch swing , a can of root beer in one hand and his laptop propped on an enormous wooden spool used as a table . 
 when he saw her , he jumped to his feet and walked quickly toward her , his face disappearing into the shadows as he left the porch 's warm glow . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he asked , before she could say anything . 
 `` charlotte and madeline said you 'd been pulled out of class , and i could n't find you . 
 why did n't you answer my texts ? '' 
 she stumbled forward into ethan 's arms . 
 `` they found her , '' she whispered , burying her face in his t-shirt . 
 `` sutton 's body . 
 in sabino canyon . '' 
 she felt his body tense , then curl protectively around her . 
 `` that explains it . '' 
 she looked up at him quickly . 
 he jerked his head toward the canyon in answer . 
 `` i sat out here watching the cops turn into the parking lot all afternoon . 
 the place was crawling with reporters , too . '' 
 a groan escaped her lungs . 
 `` there 's going to be a press conference , ethan , '' she said . 
 `` it 's all going to come out . 
 and look . '' 
 she handed him the crumpled ball of paper that had been left on her windshield that afternoon . 
 he took his arms from around her to smooth the note flat against his thigh , then held it up to the light . 
 a sob bubbled up from inside her while he silently stared at the note . 
 `` the killer is threatening my family and my friends now ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` ethan , this person is watching me all the time to make sure i do n't mess up . 
 i 'm putting the mercers in danger . 
 i 'm putting you in danger ! '' 
 tears ran down her cheeks . 
 `` i 've been so selfish . 
 i should never have told you the truth ! 
 i never should have let you help me with the case . 
 and now it 's not just the murderer we have to worry about . '' 
 she wrenched out of his grasp , taking a few steps back . 
 `` the cops . 
 the media . 
 they 're going to figure it out . 
 i do n't want to drag you down with me . 
 i could n't bear it if something happened to you . '' 
 she looked wildly around , suddenly afraid the killer was here , watching her right now . 
 the street was quiet now , but anyone could be out there in the darkness . 
 ethan closed the distance between them and pulled her against his chest . 
 she struggled for one panicked moment and then melted into his embrace . 
 `` i 'm not letting you go through this alone , '' he said fiercely . 
 `` i do n't care what anyone thinks . 
 no matter what , emma , i 'm here for you . 
 with you . 
 you ca n't leave me now . '' 
 `` if they find out who i am , they 'll think i killed her . 
 and you 'll look like my accomplice . '' 
 she pressed her face against his shoulder . 
 `` i do n't care , '' he said , his voice muffled , his face buried in her hair . 
 her tears dampened the cotton of his shirt . 
 `` ethan , i do n't want what happened to nisha to happen to you , too . '' 
 he took emma by her shoulders and held her a little apart from him , forcing her to meet his gaze . 
 half of his face was in shadow , but his eyes shone with determination . 
 `` i 'm not going to let that happen . '' 
 she desperately wanted to believe him . 
 the idea of going through the investigation without him felt like sending her heart through a shredder . 
 `` ethan , '' she whispered . 
 `` i think garrett might be the killer . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` did you find proof ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she told him about seeing garrett in the classroom , about the way he watched her unfold the note . 
 `` he just sat there grinning at me . 
 like he was having the time of his life watching me squirm . '' 
 ethan 's jaw tensed . 
 with another glance up toward the canyon , he took her hand and led her onto the dimly lit porch . 
 two small brown moths flung themselves at the bare bulb that hung over the house numbers . 
 ethan 's telescope sat near the railing , angled toward the sky . 
 next door , nisha 's house was dark and silent . 
 emma ran her fingers through her hair nervously . 
 the whole street felt haunted to her now . 
 ethan 's laptop sat open , a cursor blinking placidly on an open document . 
 dostoyevsky 's crime and punishment sat splayed out , spine up , on the seat next to it . 
 `` oh , sorry . 
 were you doing homework ? '' 
 she asked , another pang of guilt cutting through her . 
 she wondered how much of ethan 's schoolwork she 'd interrupted since she 'd arrived in tucson . 
 he sat down on the porch swing , picking up the computer and setting it on his lap . 
 `` it 's not due until the end of the month . 
 i was just trying to get a head start . '' 
 as he spoke , he exited the document and pulled up facebook . 
 emma loved the way his hands flew over the keyboard , doing everything with the shortcuts he 'd programmed , never using the mousepad . 
 even though his computer was old and dented , ethan had painstakingly built the machine inside . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked , sitting next to him on the swing . 
 she 'd stopped crying , but now the salt of her tears was drying on her face and making her skin feel stiff . 
 rubbing at her cheeks , she cuddled against ethan 's shoulder as he pulled up garrett 's profile . 
 `` i want to know what garrett was up to the night of sutton 's murder , '' he said . 
 he handed her the can of root beer , and she took a small sip . 
 the bubbles churned in her fluttering stomach . 
 `` good thing his profile is public , '' emma said , craning her neck to see . 
 `` we 're definitely not friends anymore . '' 
 the screen filled with hundreds of pictures of garrett-scoring at soccer , shirtless and oiled up on a beach somewhere , lifting a glass to the camera at a fancy restaurant . 
 in a few he stood by his sister , an arm wrapped protectively around her . 
 the most recent update read : rip nisha b . 
 you 'll be missed , baby girl . 
 before that , though , most of his status updates were pretty banal , things like anybody see the voice tonight ? 
 ceelo brought his parrot !!! 
 or only five more months before i never have to do a trig proof again . 
 sometimes he linked to soccer news or saturday night live clips . 
 it looked like he posted several times a day . 
 `` go to the night of the thirty-first , '' emma said , her hand on ethan 's shoulder . 
 he scrolled backward through the months , slowing when he hit september . 
 emma winced when she saw the phrase garrett went from being `` in a relationship '' to `` single , '' updated on her birthday . 
 `` nothing interesting , '' said ethan . 
 she leaned in and peered at the monitor . 
 then her eyes fell on garrett 's last post before sutton 's murder , late in the afternoon of the thirtieth . 
 do you ever get tired of all the lies people tell ? 
 emma and ethan exchanged glances . 
 `` that could be about sutton and thayer , '' emma said quietly . 
 ethan nodded . 
 then they saw a status update from september first , and shivered . 
 it was updated at 2:38 a.m. eventually , people always get what 's coming to them . 
 i stared at the screen , my mind churning , willing the words to spark my memory to life , to take me back to that night so i could finally see how he had done it . 
 but i could n't remember past that point when he grabbed my shoulder and said my name . 
 sutton . 
 he 'd said it like it was the dirtiest , most insulting word he 'd ever heard . 
 `` garrett would probably have known about the snuff video , '' emma said softly , rereading the september first update . 
 `` it would n't have been hard for him to steal it from laurel 's computer sometime when he was at the house . '' 
 somewhere far away an ambulance siren wailed . 
 the dogs up and down the street howled in response . 
 emma gazed out at the canyon , looming like a dark shadow , like a secret . 
 `` i do n't get it , '' ethan said . 
 `` stealing it and hoping you 'd see it ... that seems so complicated . 
 why would n't he just facebook you from sutton 's account ? '' 
 `` i did n't use facebook much when i was emma . 
 it 's not like i had a lot of friends . 
 my profile was hidden . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` and garrett needed me to come out to tucson and take over sutton 's life , fast . 
 if he did any research on me , he 'd have known about travis . 
 what better way than to label that video sutton in az and slip it to my slimy foster brother ? 
 obviously i 'd look for a girl who looked just like me . 
 then once i did , he replied to me as sutton . '' 
 ethan stared at her . 
 `` emma , that makes it sound premeditated . 
 like he planned all along to use you to cover up the murder . 
 which means he already knew you were out there , somehow . '' 
 the thought sent an icy thrill down her spine . 
 how would garrett have known about emma , when not even the mercers knew she existed ? 
 but it would all fit in with knowing about travis . 
 emma glanced over at nisha 's house , which was completely dark . 
 she wondered if dr. banerjee had gone to stay with friends or family . 
 maybe he was at the hospital , burying his grief in his work like he 'd done when his wife died . 
 she could just make out the short organza curtains in nisha 's bedroom , motionless now . 
 `` how are we going to prove that he did it , though ? '' 
 she asked , laying her head back against the siding of the house . 
 ethan stared at the computer screen thoughtfully . 
 `` if we had access to garrett 's texts or e-mail , we 'd be able to see if he sent the link , '' he said . 
 `` even if he deleted the messages . 
 that stuff stays on record forever . 
 you just have to know how to pull it up . '' 
 `` i 'll keep an eye on him , '' she said . 
 `` maybe i can figure out a way to get my hands on his phone . '' 
 `` be careful . '' 
 ethan looked worried . 
 `` he 's dangerous , emma . 
 especially now . 
 he 's probably getting desperate . '' 
 `` well , so am i , '' emma said , sounding tougher than she felt . 
 and so was i. i 'd never felt so helpless , so hopeless . 
 i finally knew who had killed me-and i could n't tell a soul . 
 11 reality tv bites `` the girl 's body was found just a half-mile off upper sabino canyon road , at the bottom of this scenic overlook . '' 
 the newscaster , the same woman who had covered nisha 's death just a few days earlier , was now wearing a poofy yellow north face vest . 
 emma guessed that must be her `` outdoorsy '' look . 
 she stood in front of a picnic area with green-painted benches and an awning , wisps of hair flying free from her ponytail in the breeze . 
 mrs. mercer passed a basket of steaming rolls to emma , her eyes never leaving the fifteen-inch television they 'd propped at the end of the island . 
 the mercers almost never ate dinner in front of the tv , but there seemed an unspoken consensus to do so tonight . 
 emma and laurel had both been surprised when the mercers said they would be missing school that day-until they looked out at the front lawn and saw the crowd of news vans gathered outside . 
 the mercers had refused to open the door , but any time they saw someone in front of a window the reporters started shouting questions . 
 `` sutton ! 
 sutton , did you know emma ? 
 what do you think happened to her , sutton ? '' 
 so laurel and emma had spent most of the day in the kitchen , baking cookies and flipping through magazines . 
 `` you are looking for answers in the wrong places , '' emma 's horoscope had said , and she rolled her eyes . 
 tell me something i do n't know . 
 for most of her life , emma had wanted to be an investigative reporter when she grew up . 
 but now that she was experiencing a media siege firsthand , she was n't so sure . 
 the reporters felt like nothing so much as vultures , circling her family , waiting for one of them to show signs of weakness . 
 the tv screen cut to a young man with glasses and a long blond ponytail , standing in front of a dormitory building on campus . 
 `` she was covered up with leaves and branches , '' he said , his voice breaking . 
 `` all i could see was her ... her foot , sticking out at a weird angle . '' 
 he looked terrified , blinking in the bright light like a nocturnal creature out during the day . 
 this will haunt him for the rest of his life , emma thought sadly . 
 the reporter returned . 
 `` the body has been identified as emma paxton from las vegas , nevada . '' 
 the previous year 's school photo flashed on the screen . 
 emma had worn a vintage wrap dress she 'd scored from a garage sale in green valley . 
 her bangs were shorter then ; she 'd grown them out to match sutton 's longer hairstyle . 
 her smile was maybe a little more guarded than sutton 's , a little less confident . 
 still , the image made the mercers stir in their seats . 
 mr. mercer dropped his fork onto his plate of untouched lasagna , and mrs. mercer stared at the screen with a rapt , shocked expression . 
 `` it 's so weird , '' laurel said . 
 `` she looks just like you . '' 
 all emma could do was nod . 
 watching news coverage of her own death was dizzyingly surreal . 
 she felt weirdly exposed every time her picture appeared on-screen , as if the mercers would suddenly be able to see that the girl in the photo was sitting right in front of them . 
 the newscasters had said her name so many times it was almost easy to believe that poor emma paxton , foster kid , was dead-that she really was sutton mercer now . 
 it was weird for me , too . 
 i watched as my parents grieved for a girl they 'd never met when their own daughter was gone . 
 would i be buried in vegas , far away from my family and friends ? 
 would my headstone say my sister 's name ? 
 what if emma never found my killer-would she live as me forever , until she was finally buried as sutton mercer at the ripe old age of ninety ? 
 `` paxton went missing almost three months ago from las vegas , after an argument with her foster family . 
 clarice lambert , her guardian at the time , spoke with our nevada correspondent . '' 
 emma choked on a mouthful of water , sending it down the wrong pipe . 
 she coughed , clutching her throat . 
 `` honey ? '' 
 mrs. mercer put a hand on her back . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' she said quickly . 
 `` just drank too fast . '' 
 she took a deep breath , wiping the corners of her eyes . 
 there on the screen , in front of the little bungalow house she 'd stayed in for a few short weeks , stood clarice and her son , travis . 
 clarice was wearing a strappy sundress meant for someone much younger than she was , her platinum hair piled high on top of her head . 
 she had a mildly shocked , scandalized expression on her face . 
 travis slouched next to her , a baseball cap pulled askew across his ear and a sanctimonious expression on his wide , fishy lips . 
 `` she was obviously a troubled girl , '' clarice said . 
 `` she stole from me , she lied to me , and when i tried laying down the law , she took off in the dead of night . 
 never a note or a message saying where she was going . 
 of course i worried , but there was n't anything i could do . 
 she was almost eighteen . '' 
 emma 's body twitched involuntarily . 
 clarice had all but kicked her out of the house after travis had framed her for stealing from her purse . 
 why was the news even talking to her ? 
 she did n't know anything about emma . 
 travis had the microphone now . 
 `` emma was a wild girl , '' he said with a smirk . 
 `` she was into all kinds of crazy stuff . 
 i found a video of her online , getting held down and strangled and ... '' his next word was replaced with a loud beep . 
 `` she always had money , too . 
 maybe she was involved with some kind of fetish dungeon or something . '' 
 i goggled at the tv-would they show the snuff video ? 
 i did n't want my parents to see me like that . 
 they both stared at the screen , my mom with a disturbed grimace , my dad looking confused . 
 i wondered if he 'd ever even heard the phrase `` fetish dungeon '' before , much less in connection with anyone he might be related to . 
 across the table , laurel set her glass down with a loud thunk . 
 emma glanced up at her , her mind shooting back to what she 'd learned of the snuff video . 
 laurel had masterminded that prank-and she 'd been the one with the movie saved on her hard drive . 
 what if she recognized what travis was describing ? 
 but laurel just toyed with her food , a distracted look on her face . 
 the newscaster 's voice came back . 
 `` when investigators tried to find the video , they found no trace . 
 whether it 's been since taken down , or was a case of mistaken identity , is still under investigation . 
 meanwhile , lvpd , who is assisting the tucson police with the investigation , discovered a locker checked out to the missing girl at the greyhound station , containing clothes , what seem to be journals , and around two thousand dollars in cash . '' 
 emma 's insides lurched . 
 they had her journals ? 
 her cheeks felt like they were on fire . 
 she imagined the police flipping through the cheap composition books , guffawing over the phase in junior high when she 'd dotted all her i 's with hearts , or reading her fake headlines out loud to a room of beat cops . 
 girl goes stag to homecoming , stands by refreshment table all night-she imagined quinlan and his buddies reading it aloud and erupting in laughter . 
 the very thought made her want to hide her face in her hands . 
 the cameras jumped back to the newscaster , who held her microphone to her lips and looked seriously into the camera . 
 `` meanwhile , the tucson police department has refused to give an official cause of death , saying the case is still under investigation . 
 but our sources tell us paxton was hoping to meet up with her biological family in tucson . 
 whether she made it to them is unknown . 
 the family has so far declined our requests for an interview . '' 
 at that , mrs. mercer hit the remote , and the sound muted . 
 `` requests ? '' 
 she snapped , curling her lip . 
 `` you spent most of the day on our front lawn , you gargoyle . '' 
 then she sighed , and started gathering dishes . 
 `` poor emma . 
 it sounds like she could have used our help . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 emma asked , glancing up at her grandmother . 
 `` just , if she was as troubled as those people said ... '' mrs. mercer trailed off , then shook her head . 
 her face darkened . 
 `` i wish we 'd known about her sooner . 
 this is all becky 's fault . 
 it 's always becky 's fault . 
 she lies , she steals , she keeps secrets , and she does n't care who she hurts along the way . '' 
 `` kristin , '' mr. mercer said softly . 
 but his wife scowled , grabbing the pyrex dish of lasagna from the center of the table . 
 she moved so violently a small splatter of sauce flew free and landed on her sweater , but she did n't seem to notice . 
 `` you know it 's true . 
 she kept us in constant agony , wondering where she was and if she was okay . 
 and for some insane reason , she did n't tell us about this other little girl who we could have ... '' tears sprang to her eyes . 
 `` this little girl we could have saved . '' 
 mr. mercer stood up and gently pried the dish from her hands . 
 he set it back on the table and pulled his wife into his arms . 
 she broke down then , sobbing against his chest as he patted her back . 
 laurel and emma looked at each other with wide , frightened eyes . 
 emma had never seen mrs. mercer this emotional , and from the look on laurel 's face , she had n't either . 
 emma could n't help but agree with mrs. mercer . 
 she wanted to forgive becky-becky was her mother , after all-but sometimes she was so angry she could scream . 
 what had been the point of keeping emma if she was only going to abandon her five years later ? 
 what had been the point of separating the twins ? 
 it was so unfair . 
 if sutton had n't died , if emma had n't come out to tucson to find her , the wheels might have been set in motion on their own , by becky 's confession to mr. mercer . 
 what would it have been like if the mercers had come for her as a family ? 
 she imagined being called out of class in henderson , just like she had been the day they found sutton 's body . 
 but in this alternate reality , she was summoned to meet her family . 
 her real , blood family . 
 she pictured it : mr. mercer , gentle and reassuring ; mrs. mercer , a nervous but excited smile twitching the corners of her lips ; laurel , wary at the possibility of a new rival but hopeful , eager to be liked . 
 and sutton . 
 her sister . 
 her twin . 
 `` what was she like ? '' 
 laurel asked softly , breaking emma 's thoughts . 
 emma gave a start , her mind racing to come back to the present . 
 to the reality where sutton was gone , and she was alone . 
 `` what was who like ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` emma , '' she said . 
 `` you talked to her , right ? '' 
 emma ran her finger along the condensation on the outside of her glass . 
 `` just a little bit . 
 i did n't know much about her . '' 
 then , because she could n't resist , she added , `` i know her foster mom had just kicked her out of the house . 
 she sounded kind of awful . '' 
 `` who , that woman with the tacky lounge-waitress hairdo ? '' 
 laurel said . 
 `` she looked awful . '' 
 `` now , girls , '' mr. mercer said , frowning at them from where he still stood with mrs. mercer in his arms . 
 `` you do n't know that . 
 it can be hard to know what to do for someone who 's troubled . 
 i 'm sure that woman did her best for emma . '' 
 emma knew he was speaking more about his own relationship with becky than anything , but she was glad that laurel at least had sided with her . 
 mrs. mercer wiped her eyes with a pineapple-print cloth napkin , then let go of her husband . 
 `` did anyone want dessert ? 
 there 's some ice cream in the fridge . '' 
 `` no thanks , mom . '' 
 laurel threw her own napkin down in front of her . 
 emma shook her head , too . 
 her stomach felt like a lead weight . 
 mr. mercer pulled a chair out for his wife . 
 she sat down , her eyes still damp , and he set about clearing the rest of the dishes . 
 the plates and silverware clattered together , echoing around the silent kitchen . 
 on the muted tv santa claus delivered pizzas in his sleigh , the phone number for a regional pizza chain painted on the side . 
 `` do we have to go to school tomorrow ? '' 
 laurel asked , sucking her lower lip anxiously . 
 mr. and mrs. mercer exchanged uneasy glances from across the room . 
 then mr. mercer came back to the table , wiping his hands on a dish towel . 
 `` i wish i could hide you girls from this forever , '' he said , `` but i do n't know if you should miss any more school . 
 we talked to the principal this afternoon , and she promised me there would be no press allowed on campus . 
 i know it wo n't be easy . 
 i 'm sure your friends have a lot of questions for you . '' 
 emma rolled her eyes . 
 that was an understatement . 
 all day long she 'd been fielding texts from madeline and charlotte . 
 what is going on ???? charlotte had asked , while madeline had seemed excited that a `` mega-foxy '' reporter had cornered her outside campus to ask if she knew sutton . 
 this is so crazy , she 'd texted , along with a photo taken from her phone of a line of news vans just off campus . 
 the twitter twins ' updates had been the most useful real-time description of the school day . 
 early in the morning gabby had tweeted : media circus at hollier . 
 how 'd the paparazzi find me again ? 
 lili had followed up shortly after : life expectancy of teen girls seems to be plummeting in tucson . 
 be careful , everyone . 
 they 'd chronicled each rumor as it circulated and had live-blogged the school assembly at which the principal had announced the discovery of another body . 
 gabby 's last post had read : hollier high needs a hero . 
 sutton mercer , come back and lead your people ! 
 she knew the halls were going to be buzzing with rumors the next day , and she would be at the center of it . 
 even imagining it made her heart beat faster-but not nearly so fast as it did a moment later when the news came back from commercials . 
 a male reporter with a shellacked helmet of hair stood in front of a coffee shop , talking to a girl wearing an apron over a vintage bad religion t-shirt . 
 she wore a pair of black plastic-frame glasses , and her dark hair was spiked in a short , edgy pixie cut . 
 tears glittered in her eyes . 
 emma hurried to turn the volume back up . '' 
 - just do n't understand how this could happen , '' the girl was saying , wiping at her eyes . 
 `` emma was my best friend . '' 
 before she could stop herself , emma jumped to her feet , banging her knee on the table leg . 
 vibrations of pain shot up through her hip , but she ignored them . 
 the girl on the screen was alex stokes-emma 's best friend from henderson . 
 the one person she 'd been in contact with since coming to tucson . 
 she was standing outside of sin city java , where she was a part-time barista . 
 the mercers gawked at emma , alarm plain on their faces . 
 she 'd knocked her chair over , and she stood gripping the side of the table , her knuckles white . 
 her grandfather looked from her to the tv set , and then back to emma , his eyes round and baffled . 
 `` do you know that girl ? '' 
 emma sat down slowly , shaking her head no , but they still stared . 
 laurel 's glass hovered halfway to her lips , frozen in midair . 
 mrs. mercer gave her a worried look . 
 emma cleared her throat and forced herself to speak . 
 `` it 's just that that girl seemed to care about emma a lot . 
 no one else seems to miss her . 
 it 's just so sad . '' 
 emma stared at her friend 's face . 
 alex was the only person from her old life who actually cared about her ; she also happened to be the only person who could blow emma 's cover . 
 since coming to tucson , emma had been lying to alex , just like she 'd been lying to everyone . 
 she 'd told her friend back home that she and sutton were getting along perfectly , that the mercers had welcomed her to stay with them for a while . 
 she 'd been texting alex on and off for the past three months-long after `` emma paxton '' was supposed to have died . 
 and now alex could blow all of her lies wide open . 
 all she had to do was mention the texts she 'd gotten from her best friend , apparently from beyond the grave , and emma would be through . 
 `` we were joined at the hip , '' alex said . 
 and then she looked directly into the camera , tears hanging from her long , dark eyelashes . 
 `` we used to meet at the rec center and talk for hours . '' 
 and just like that , relief flooded emma 's body . 
 alex was n't going to expose her . 
 alex was covering for her . 
 the `` rec center '' had been their own private code for any kind of rule-breaking . 
 it started when emma was staying with the stokeses ; one night alex had slipped out past her curfew for a date with a boy from unlv . 
 when alex 's single mom came home early and asked where her daughter was , emma had stammered out that alex was swimming at the rec center . 
 they both laughed about it later . 
 good thing my mom 's internal clock is all screwed up from working nights , alex had teased , or she 'd have wanted to know why that pool is open at midnight on a weeknight . 
 from then on , `` rec center '' was synonymous for `` i 've got your back . '' 
 emma suddenly missed her old best friend more than ever . 
 hearing the news of her own death had made her feel horribly alone-as though she were a living ghost , invisible to the people around her . 
 but here was alex , clear as day , telling her she was on her side . 
 `` i think i need to lie down for a little while , '' emma said cautiously . 
 `` may i be excused ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 mrs. mercer was still watching her with concern evident on her face . 
 `` do you need anything , sweetheart ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm all right . '' 
 emma gave a wan smile . 
 `` just tired . '' 
 she stood up and carefully pushed her chair in against the table . 
 she could feel their eyes follow her out the kitchen door . 
 it was all she could do to keep from taking the stairs three at a time . 
 she forced herself to walk slowly , passing the gallery wall of family photos that ran up the stairwell . 
 she knew the pictures by heart now , every smile , every outfit , the patterns on the wrapping paper in birthday and christmas photos . 
 it was a highlight reel of sutton 's life , not hers-and yet after so much pretending , sometimes it was hard to remember that . 
 when she got to sutton 's room , emma rummaged at the bottom of the biggest desk drawer , where she 'd hidden the old blackberry she 'd brought with her from vegas . 
 sure enough , alex had messaged her . 
 what the hell is going on ? 
 are you ok ? 
 emma winced , wishing alex were in front of her right that minute so she could throw her arms around her with relief . 
 she hit the button to reply . 
 i ca n't explain right now . 
 do n't contact me again-it 's dangerous . 
 thank you for everything . 
 love you always . 
 her heart was sick at the knowledge that she was about to cut off one of the few people in the world who really knew her , but she forced herself to hit send , then powered down the blackberry . 
 in sutton 's underwear drawer she found a box of tampons-her go-to hiding place from her foster kid days . 
 no one ever thought to look in someone else 's tampon box . 
 she shoved the phone inside and stuck it in the back of the drawer . 
 there . 
 hopefully alex would keep a low profile until this was all over and emma could explain . 
 the last thing she needed was for her best friend to end up on the murderer 's hit list-or get emma herself thrown in jail . 
 but i could n't help wishing emma had broken the blackberry and thrown away the pieces . 
 after all , they 'd found the greyhound locker . 
 nothing was safe , not anymore . 
 emma needed to hurry up and prove that garrett killed me-before he pinned it on her . 
 12 down the drain -lrb- pipe -rrb- `` it 's like she was lying to her journal , '' emma said , sprawled on her stomach across sutton 's luxurious bed . 
 with no other clues , she had turned back to sutton 's cryptic diary for answers . 
 but it was just as confusing as all the other times she 'd read it-even with ethan 's help trying to interpret it . 
 it was around ten that night , and they 'd been on the phone for almost an hour , sifting through the various entries with no luck . 
 `` july 20-c is being a real c-word if you know what i mean . 
 she needs to get over it . '' 
 emma turned the page . 
 `` july 21-yum yum yum , got g burberry sport for our 1 mo. anniversary and he smells so good . 
 nothing about garrett 's temper or the fights they had or the fact that she was still sneaking around with thayer . 
 she had all these secrets , and she did n't even admit them to herself . '' 
 she snapped the book shut in frustration . 
 `` it makes sense , though . '' 
 on the other end of the line she could hear a soft crunching sound . 
 she pictured ethan with his legs up on the railing of the porch , a bowl of salted popcorn in his lap , wearing the blue flannel shirt that always smelled like vanilla . 
 she could n't help the little shiver of pleasure that trilled along her spine at the image . 
 `` her friends were always looking for ways to get her . 
 she would n't want to give them anything that they could use to prank her . '' 
 emma sighed , rolling over on her back and flipping through the book for the hundredth time . 
 what would it have been like if their situations had been reversed-if sutton had been forced to figure out who emma was through her journals ? 
 her twin would probably be as annoyed as emma was now-after all , none of her cutesy fake headlines or lists had any real information in them . 
 emma had always been careful not to put in too many details or names . 
 in a foster home you never knew who was going to get into your stuff . 
 `` it just feels like the harder we look , the less we find , '' she said . 
 `` i 've dog-eared all the pages that say anything about g , but none of them are of any use . '' 
 `` we have to keep looking . 
 this guy is smart-but somewhere , somehow , he slipped up . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 we just have to figure out how . '' 
 a soft knock sounded at the door . 
 `` one second ! '' 
 she yelled , covering the receiver . 
 then she dropped her voice . 
 `` hey , i need to go . 
 see you tomorrow , okay ? '' 
 `` love you , '' he whispered . 
 her toes wiggled at the sound of his sexy baritone saying those two little words . 
 for a moment after she ended the call , she clutched the phone against her heart and smiled . 
 then she got up off the bed , smoothed her hair , and went to the door . 
 mr. mercer stood in the hall , dressed in a short wool jacket and holding drake 's leash in one hand . 
 `` looks like the media have gone home for the night . 
 want to come on a walk ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 emma had never felt so stir-crazy in her life . 
 she was almost relieved to have to go back to school the next day . 
 anything would be better than doing nothing . 
 drake had caught sight of the leash and was skidding in circles around the entryway when they came down the stairs . 
 his tail flew back and forth wildly , and when it hit the accent table at the foot of the stairs , the photos of laurel and sutton propped on top collapsed like a set of dominoes . 
 he reared up and pawed at mr. mercer , whining with excitement . 
 `` down ! '' 
 mr. mercer said , trying to sound stern , but the sight made emma smile . 
 she pulled on a purple juicy couture puffer jacket she 'd found in sutton 's closet while mr. mercer snapped the leash to the dog 's collar . 
 the night was crisp and so clear the stars looked like perforations in the sky . 
 christmas decorations had started to spring up throughout the neighborhood . 
 poinsettias in terra-cotta planters flanked a few desert-scaped walkways , and one family had strung colored fairy lights around a towering saguaro cactus in their yard . 
 the paulsons had gone completely overboard-they 'd assembled a giant inflatable snow globe , its constantly running fan roaring as it circulated fake snow through a winter scene that featured both santa and frosty the snowman . 
 when emma and her grandfather stepped close to the yard they activated some hidden trigger that started playing `` deck the halls '' from a tinny speaker behind the mailbox . 
 drake eyed the production warily , pressing protectively against emma 's leg as they walked past . 
 mr. mercer seemed surprised by the decorations , as if he 'd lost track of months . 
 `` i have n't even had a chance to ask you girls what you want for christmas , '' he said . 
 `` oh , right , '' emma said , feeling suddenly warm despite the chill . 
 no one had ever asked her what she wanted for christmas before . 
 she knew sutton had no problem asking for designer clothes and goods from her parents , but all she wanted was to solve her sister 's murder . 
 and stay a part of this family . 
 mr. mercer sighed , his breath puffing out into the cold night air . 
 `` i know it 's hard to even think of presents at a time like this . '' 
 `` i 'm sure i can come up with something . '' 
 she put on a deadpan expression that made him chuckle . 
 they walked in silence for a little while . 
 mr. mercer moved with his shoulders strangely hunched , as if protecting himself from something emma could n't see . 
 he seemed tired and introspective , and she wondered if it was the loss of a granddaughter he did n't know affecting him so profoundly , or something else entirely . 
 `` have you heard from becky ? '' 
 she asked tentatively . 
 `` no , '' he said , his voice low . 
 he looked ahead into the darkness . 
 `` i want to try to get word to her , but who knows where she is by now ? 
 and maybe it 's better that she does n't know . 
 what would it help ? 
 she lost track of emma so long ago . 
 it might be best if she never learns what happened to her . '' 
 the idea put a lump in emma 's throat . 
 becky had n't been in her life for thirteen years , but the idea that emma could die and becky would never even know it made her feel small and alone . 
 she could have suffered terribly every single day since becky had left her-she could have died hundreds of times over , and becky would n't have had a clue . 
 she 'd never realized it before , but now that she did , the thought sat hard and cold over her heart . 
 i knew how emma felt . 
 every single time i watched my adopted father put an arm around her shoulders , i was sure that would be the time he realized that she was an impostor . 
 that he 'd finally see that i was gone . 
 it was n't jealousy , exactly-i did n't begrudge emma that love-but the world had moved forward , and no one had noticed that the girl living my life was n't even me . 
 emma played with the zipper pull on her jacket , her voice suddenly small . 
 `` dad , did you suspect ? 
 before becky told you , i mean ? 
 did you ever think there might have been two of us ? '' 
 mr. mercer turned to look at her , his lips twisted in thought . 
 `` no . 
 but then again , you yourself were such a surprise it was hard to know what to think . 
 becky was only eighteen when she came home with you . 
 we had n't seen her for more than six months . 
 we had n't even known she was pregnant , and then all of a sudden she rang the doorbell with you in her arms . 
 it was just before thanksgiving , and you were only a few months old . '' 
 a fond smile curved across his face . 
 `` you were such a sweet baby . 
 and tiny , impossibly tiny . 
 becky told us you 'd been several weeks premature-of course , now we know that your size was because you were a twin . '' 
 his voice caught for a moment , then he recovered . 
 `` we loved you from the moment we saw you . 
 we would have loved both of you , if only we 'd known . '' 
 emma nodded . 
 `` mom 's taking this really hard , is n't she ? 
 the news about emma ? '' 
 they were passing under a streetlight , and in its lurid yellow light she could see the deep shadows in mr. mercer 's face . 
 `` of course she is . 
 we both feel terrible . 
 sutton , emma was just like you at the beginning . 
 thinking about how difficult things were for her is hard , because it 's so easy to imagine you in her place . 
 it could just as easily have been you that becky kept secret from us . 
 and now ... well , it 's too late to do anything for emma . 
 and that breaks your mother 's heart , and mine . '' 
 as they turned a corner , headlights lit up behind them . 
 emma glanced around to see a midsized audi , creeping slowly in their wake . 
 she drew in her breath , instantly on edge . 
 `` let 's go this way , '' she said , lacing her arm through mr. mercer 's and tugging him down a side street . 
 drake 's tags jingled as he trotted along ahead of them . 
 she wanted to see if the audi would follow them . 
 sure enough , the headlights turned , too . 
 `` is that someone you know ? '' 
 mr. mercer asked , glancing over his shoulder . 
 she pulled him ahead , walking faster . 
 she passed a mailbox with tinsel garlands wound up the pole and hung another right . 
 who did she know with an audi ? 
 it was hard to see in the dark , but it looked white . 
 or maybe silver ... `` silver , '' i whispered , suddenly knowing who the car belonged to . 
 i 'd been in that car almost every day last summer . 
 garrett , emma thought , only a moment behind me . 
 her heart pounded as the car crept closer . 
 garrett had picked her up in that car the night he 'd taken her out for their picnic . 
 she clutched mr. mercer 's arm . 
 `` we need to go home , '' she muttered urgently . 
 `` what 's wrong , sutton ? '' 
 he said , trying to look behind them at the car . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 `` just trust me . 
 keep walking . '' 
 she pulled him along behind her , cutting across a corner lawn now to keep as far from the car as she could . 
 for a moment she thought about bolting , but then she realized it would do no good-garrett would be able to catch them . 
 he 'd already run someone over in a car once ; if he wanted to do it again , there 'd be nothing to stop him . 
 with a sudden roar of the motor , the car lurched around the corner after them , angling its nose to block their path . 
 drake barked furiously . 
 next to her , mr. mercer tightened his arm through hers . 
 she shuddered as the door flew open and braced for garrett in all his rage , ready to push mr. mercer down and stand in front of him , if she had to . 
 but it was n't garrett . 
 it was a skinny , pointy-chinned man wearing a denim jacket and a shabby brown knit scarf . 
 he wore wire-frame glasses , and he was fiddling with a digital audio recorder as he approached them . 
 `` ted and sutton mercer ? '' 
 a shameless grin spread across his face . 
 `` care to give me a statement for the real deal magazine ? '' 
 mr. mercer looked outraged . 
 he straightened himself to his full height and hugged emma to his side with one arm . 
 `` you almost ran us over ! '' 
 the reporter 's grin did n't falter . 
 `` just trying to get your attention . 
 come on , pops , do n't you want your side of the story to be told ? '' 
 emma 's temper flared . 
 `` not by some hack from a second-rate gossip rag . '' 
 the man laughed out loud . 
 `` i 've already heard it all , sweetheart . 
 save your insults for the fat girls at school . '' 
 drake had n't stopped barking . 
 now he gave a low , threatening growl . 
 `` we have no comment to make at this time , '' mr. mercer said firmly . 
 emma noticed that he 'd given some slack to the leash , and drake had gotten closer to the reporter . 
 the reporter seemed to have noticed it , too . 
 he held his hands up in the air and backed slowly away . 
 `` it 's your prerogative . 
 but the story 's going to be big , and there 's gon na be a lot of dirt that comes out . 
 i guarantee it . '' 
 he leaned slowly down to place a business card on the curb . 
 `` if you start to feel like you are n't being properly represented in the media , give me a call . 
 my number 's on the card . '' 
 the reporter backed into the side of his car , eyeing drake the whole way . 
 he groped around for the door handle , and then he was off , leaving emma , mr. mercer , and drake in a cloud of exhaust . 
 emma strode over to where the card lay and plucked it up . 
 then she ripped it into tiny pieces and threw them in the air . 
 mr. mercer watched her with an unreadable expression on his face . 
 `` did you know that was a reporter ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i ... i suspected , '' she stammered . 
 he sighed , putting his hand on her shoulder . 
 `` i wish i could protect you from them , sutton . 
 they 're going to be all over the place . '' 
 he rubbed drake behind the ears . 
 the dog 's tail whipped wildly back and forth . 
 then he laughed . '' 
 ` second-rate gossip rag ' ? '' 
 emma broke into a sheepish grin . 
 `` that 's right . 
 those reporters are the ones who are going to need protection . '' 
 she held up her fists and pretended to box . 
 i trailed behind my father and sister as they walked back toward home . 
 i wished dad could protect emma , too-i wished he could keep all the danger now threatening her at bay . 
 but i knew as well as emma did that it had to be the other way around . 
 she was the only one who could protect him . 
 it had n't been garrett in the car this time . 
 but sooner or later , he 'd make good on his threats . 
 he 'd come for our family , and when he did , she had to be ready . 
 13 sister act since she 'd taken sutton 's place three months earlier , emma had gotten used to the wide berth given her by most of the students at hollier high . 
 sutton was notorious , after all , and no one wanted to get caught in the crossfire of a lying game prank . 
 but the following day , when the crowds parted before her and laurel as they made their way down the hall , it felt different . 
 on either side she could hear barely stifled whispers . 
 `` did you hear the dead girl was her sister ? '' 
 `` her twin sister . '' 
 `` yeah , right . 
 i do n't care what you say , this is some kind of prank . 
 remember last year , when she told everyone she 'd been carjacked ? '' 
 emma kept her breath steady and even as she walked , trying not to let panic overtake her . 
 she had never gotten used to everyone looking at her , and now they were n't even bothering to hide it . 
 if she ever needed to channel sutton 's bitchiest attitude , it was now . 
 she rounded a corner to see charlotte and madeline standing by her locker . 
 when they caught sight of her they hurried forward to meet her , both of them looking pale and worried . 
 charlotte carried two paper coffee cups and tried to hand her one and hug her at the same time . 
 `` there you are , '' she murmured , her voice low . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 emma took the cup gratefully . 
 the night before , she 'd set up a three-way video-chat with charlotte and madeline to tell them everything that had happened . 
 she had n't wanted to have to explain more than once . 
 by then they 'd seen the news-madeline could n't stop saying that it was `` so weird , '' and charlotte had seemed almost hurt that `` sutton '' had n't told them about her twin . 
 but to their credit , both girls had seemed more worried about her than anything else . 
 `` do n't you have somewhere to be ? '' 
 madeline barked at a short boy in a flannel shirt who seemed to be lingering a few feet away , listening . 
 he jumped and scuttled off , looking terrified . 
 she sighed , running her hand over her sleek , jet-black hair . 
 emma smiled her thanks . 
 `` i ca n't believe these people . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe how calm you are , '' charlotte said , eyeing emma . 
 `` i 'd be a mess . '' 
 `` well , my sister 's a great actress , '' laurel said , looking steadily at emma as she spoke . 
 emma squirmed under her friends ' stares . 
 she adjusted her purse on her shoulder . 
 `` well , i 'm not as calm as i look . 
 in fact , i need some air . 
 i 'm going to step out , okay ? '' 
 and before they could say anything in reply , she hurried out the glass door into the courtyard . 
 she took a deep , grateful breath . 
 soon she would have to go back in there , enter another classroom , and deal with more questions and stares and snide whispers , but for this one moment she could just be . 
 the courtyard was deeply shadowed , the morning sun still too low to touch the corners of the little square . 
 she was alone-everyone else was on their way to class . 
 a handful of acacia trees in terra-cotta planters dotted the area . 
 she took a step toward the shade-dappled benches . 
 then a hand shot out and grabbed her wrist . 
 she shrieked , instinctively stepping back , but the hand clenched tighter around her . 
 and then she saw who it was . 
 thayer . 
 dark shadows hung under his eyes , which shone with a manic gleam . 
 he stood looking down at her , still holding her arm in a tight grip , and emma was suddenly and painfully aware how much taller and stronger he was . 
 `` you need to tell me the truth , '' he hissed . 
 `` now . '' 
 emma looked around frantically , but no one saw them . 
 the bell for class rang inside . 
 `` let go of me , thayer , '' she said sternly . 
 thayer 's eyes narrowed , but he dropped her arm suddenly , as though she 'd been on fire . 
 `` i know you 're not sutton , '' he said . 
 he took a deep , ragged breath , running his hands through his hair like a man possessed . 
 `` you 're the twin , are n't you ? 
 you switched places with her . 
 i do n't know why or how . 
 but i knew you were n't her . 
 i 've known it since the first time i saw you . '' 
 thayer . 
 part of me wanted emma to reach out and touch him , so that i could feel him , if only for a second . 
 but she just flipped her hair and stared at him coolly , doing her best to mask her racing heart . 
 `` thayer , you 're being crazy . 
 i never even met emma . '' 
 at that , thayer let out a cry-something between a snarl and a scream-and grabbed the front of emma 's shirt , yanking her forward . 
 the muscles in his neck were rigid . 
 `` tell me the truth , '' he growled , his breath hot on her face . 
 emma whimpered , trying to pull out of his grip , but he would n't let go . 
 `` do n't lie to me ! 
 what did you do to her ? '' 
 `` thayer , stop it ! '' 
 i yelled uselessly . 
 `` she 's trying to help me . '' 
 but i was powerless-powerless to talk to him , powerless to soothe him . 
 i could only stand and watch . 
 tears welled up in emma 's eyes . 
 for a moment , thayer 's face was a grotesque mask , twisted in rage , but when he saw that she was crying , something in his expression shifted . 
 he let go of her shirt so abruptly she stumbled . 
 then he was pacing back and forth in a short , tight course , like a panther searching for its prey . 
 emma hugged herself , trembling uncontrollably , and wiped the tears from her cheeks . 
 thayer 's hands were clenched into fists , and every movement he made seemed tense with barely controlled power . 
 but when he stopped and turned back to her , the anger had melted away , leaving nothing but anguish . 
 `` please , '' he whispered . 
 he took a step forward , but stopped when he saw her flinch . 
 `` i just need to know . 
 is she - '' he choked on the word . 
 `` is she dead ? '' 
 thayer 's hazel eyes searched her face with desperate longing , moving over her features , trying to find the girl he loved inside them . 
 emma 's heart twisted in her chest . 
 she wished she could tell him how trapped she felt . 
 how deep her own grief ran . 
 how sorry she was to have hurt him . 
 but a cruel , nagging voice recited the threat in her mind . 
 sutton did n't do what i told her , and she paid for it ... keep up the game , or nisha wo n't be the only person you care about who dies for your sake . 
 garrett had already tried to hit thayer with her car . 
 if he killed thayer , she would never forgive herself . 
 summoning every ounce of sutton mercer coolness she had left , emma leveled a steely glare at the boy in front of her . 
 `` how dare you ? '' 
 she asked , her voice as sharp and cold as glass . 
 thayer opened his mouth to say something , but she talked over him . 
 `` my sister died in that canyon . 
 everyone at school is looking at me like i 'm a freak . 
 and now you accuse me of taking her place in some kind of sick parent trap plot ? '' 
 she pulled herself up to her full height , poking a finger at his chest savagely . 
 `` are you high ? 
 or just jealous ? 
 you 'd love it if i were emma , because that would mean i had n't really dumped you for ethan at all . 
 well , guess what ? 
 that 's exactly what happened . 
 you were gone . 
 i fell in love with ethan . 
 end of story . 
 what you and i had is over ... and maybe we should n't bother trying to be friends if you 're going to be so cruel . '' 
 thayer 's hand fell limply away from her , and he stood there dazed , like she 'd slapped him . 
 she fought the urge to reach out to him , to take it all back , her throat burning with every word . 
 hurting him was the only way to keep him safe . 
 she picked up her purse and turned to go back into the school . 
 `` hey , emma ? '' 
 and before she could stop herself , she paused . 
 `` i thought so , '' he said in a low voice . 
 emma turned , desperate to say something , anything , to fix her mistake-but thayer was already gone . 
 i 'd been waiting all these months for someone to realize emma was n't me . 
 but now that it had finally happened , all i felt was cold , sick dread . 
 because what thayer knew could kill him . 
 14 eat your heart out , nancy drew emma found ethan on his way to german class . 
 `` thayer knows , '' she whispered urgently . 
 ethan stopped short , his jaw working soundlessly for a moment . 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 he finally asked , his voice low . 
 she pulled him toward an alcove behind a potted plant . 
 a large picture window looked out over the soccer field . 
 she bit her lip . 
 thayer had suspected ever since he 'd kissed her at charlotte 's party . 
 ethan knew about the kiss-he 'd caught them-but she did n't want to bring it up again . 
 `` he called me emma , and i reacted , '' she admitted , shame washing over her anew . 
 `` i 'm such an idiot . '' 
 `` no , you 're not , '' ethan said fiercely . 
 emma gazed into his dark blue eyes , where anxiety vied with something else-a fierce vigilance , maybe . 
 and even though she knew that ethan could n't really protect her if the murderer was determined to kill again , his solid strength was comforting . 
 she felt her muscles slowly unclench , calmed by his presence . 
 emma sighed and leaned her head against ethan 's shoulder . 
 `` i mean ... he does n't have a way to prove it . 
 but what if he catches me in a lie ? 
 what if he figures something out ? '' 
 ethan 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` the only way he could know for sure is if he did it . 
 i still say he 's suspicious . '' 
 she shook her head impatiently . 
 `` thayer was on his way to the hospital when sutton died . 
 there 's no way he could have gotten back to the canyon with a broken leg . 
 he was probably high on painkillers by that point anyway . '' 
 ethan gave a noncommittal snort , which she took to mean `` okay-fine-he-has-an-alibi-but-i-don ` t-have-to-like-it . '' 
 she opened her mouth to tell him how desperate thayer had seemed to know the truth , how he really just wanted to know if it was the girl he loved at the bottom of that canyon , but before she could speak , ethan 's gaze shifted . 
 he was staring at something out the window . 
 `` look ! '' 
 he hissed . 
 she turned to look where he was pointing . 
 garrett and celeste had appeared on the soccer field . 
 emma could n't hear a word through the glass , but it was obvious they were shouting at each other . 
 celeste kept shaking her head no , her long blonde braids dancing around her head . 
 garrett 's face was an ugly red , screwed up in rage . 
 he shook his hands violently in front of her , looking like he wanted to strangle her . 
 i knew that expression . 
 i knew that face . 
 it surprised me , how familiar it suddenly was . 
 new memories floated hazily to the surface . 
 i remembered his mood swings , his bad temper . 
 i remembered him punching a locker and leaving a dent in the metal , walking away from me in a rage . 
 i remembered how his fingers left spots of blood on the clean linoleum behind him . 
 `` wow , '' emma breathed . 
 they both watched as celeste threw one hand up dismissively , then turned to walk back toward the school . 
 garrett stood staring after her for a long moment , his chest heaving with anger . 
 then he turned away and stormed off across the field , toward the small cedar grove that separated campus from the busy street beyond . 
 `` that was ... intense , '' ethan said uncertainly . 
 `` now 's our chance , '' emma said , straightening up . 
 ethan frowned . 
 `` our chance for what ? '' 
 he asked , but she glanced up and down the empty hall , not answering . 
 she grabbed ethan 's hand and hurried down the hall to where the senior lockers were . 
 garrett 's locker was in a cul-de-sac around the corner from a coke machine . 
 it was obvious which was his-the good-luck sign the soccer boosters had made for the finals still hung there proudly in red and gold glitter letters . 
 emma walked quickly to it and examined the lock . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 ethan whispered . 
 `` what we should have done a long time ago , '' she said , setting her jaw . 
 `` you keep a lookout , okay ? '' 
 he nodded , leaning back against the lockers and staring over her head . 
 she slowly twisted the combination to zero , and then , crossing her fingers on both hands , she delivered a sharp little kick to the base of the locker . 
 the door sprang open , shuddering with a wobbly metallic sound in the empty corridor . 
 she glanced up and down the hall to see if anyone had heard . 
 `` where the hell did you learn that ? '' 
 ethan asked , looking impressed . 
 she grinned . 
 `` my friend alex taught me , back in henderson . '' 
 the locker smelled strongly of peanut butter and some kind of musky aftershave . 
 a hooded sweatshirt hung on the hook . 
 books were neatly stacked on the top shelf , surrounded by assorted bits of clutter-a plastic comb , a handful of loose change , an athletic mouth guard in a plastic case . 
 hanging on the inside of the door was a magnetized mirror , a faded sports illustrated picture featuring mia hamm celebrating a win by ripping off her shirt , a photo of garrett and louisa standing in front of the grand canyon , and a snapshot of celeste curled up in an overstuffed armchair in a book-lined study . 
 `` what are you looking for ? '' 
 ethan whispered , peering into the locker . 
 emma shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe this is pointless . 
 i guess he 's not going to have a sign saying i did it on the inside of his locker . '' 
 she chewed her lip , her eyes running across garrett 's things . 
 `` i read that some killers keep mementos of their crimes so they can relive them later . '' 
 she shivered , imagining the kinds of things she would find in his locker if garrett had taken a keepsake . 
 it would have been horrifying to find a lock of sutton 's hair or a piece of her clothing-or worse . 
 she crouched down to unzip a nike duffel bag slouched on the floor of the locker , but all it held was a pair of soccer cleats , white socks , mesh shorts , an enormous green plastic water bottle-and a flask of something that smelled like bourbon . 
 she zipped it back up , still kneeling , and sighed . 
 `` i guess it 's a bust , '' she said , disappointed . 
 ethan did n't answer . 
 she looked up at where he stood next to her , frowning . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 he was gazing at something on the top shelf . 
 he reached slowly upward , and carefully , as if it were something dirty , he picked up a tiny silver key hanging on a metal tag . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 she rose slowly to her feet . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she held out her hand , and he let the key fall into her palm . 
 it was small-too small to be a house key . 
 on one side of the metal fob , she could just make out the word rosa . 
 a second word was too scratched to decipher . 
 below that was the number 356 . 
 she frowned . 
 `` does this mean something to you ? '' 
 she did n't know anyone named rosa at hollier . 
 `` flip it over , '' ethan said , his eyes round in his face . 
 she cocked her head quizzically . 
 he nodded at the key fob in her hand . 
 she turned it over and stared down at it . 
 on the reverse side of the tag , someone had scratched the initials s.m. into the metal . 
 her hand started to shake so hard the text blurred in her vision . 
 ethan moved toward her , putting a hand on each of her shoulders to hold her steady . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 her voice was a hoarse , pleading whisper . 
 before ethan could answer , the sound of footsteps echoed from around the corner . 
 emma shoved the key into her jeans pocket and shut the locker as quietly as she could . 
 then she looked frantically around for somewhere to hide . 
 `` here , '' ethan breathed , backing her against the wall and gazing down into her eyes . 
 she struggled for a moment , disoriented-but then she fell still as she realized what he was doing . 
 he pressed his lips to hers , and even though her blood was still rushing in her ears , for one sweet moment the kiss took over and her panic subsided . 
 `` oh ! 
 i 'm sorry ! '' 
 they both looked up to see celeste , who had stopped in her tracks when she saw them . 
 she was dressed with her usual arwen-of-middle-earth flair , in a green tunic printed all over with celtic knots and a pair of leggings . 
 bangles jingled on her wrists , and dozens of mismatched silver earrings hung from her multiple ear piercings . 
 her eyes were bloodshot , her voice thick with tears . 
 she wiped furiously at her face and tried to force a smile . 
 `` i did n't mean to , uh , interrupt . '' 
 emma gently pushed ethan away from her . 
 celeste stood uncertainly in the hallway , looking everywhere but at them . 
 emma could see a folded piece of paper in her fingertips . 
 she must have been about to put a note in garrett 's locker . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 celeste shifted her weight , her bracelets jangling musically against one another . 
 she usually had an airy , ethereal sensibility , but today she seemed weighed down with sadness . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i mean , you know how garrett is . '' 
 celeste was clearly trying to sound dismissive , but the words hit emma like an electric shock . 
 she did n't know how garrett was , not really-but standing in front of her was someone who did . 
 she glanced at ethan , who stood a little apart , looking anywhere but at celeste . 
 `` hey , ethan , can i meet up with you later ? '' 
 he looked startled for a moment . 
 she widened her eyes meaningfully at him , trying to communicate that she wanted to talk to celeste alone . 
 he jumped up from where he 'd been leaning on the wall , fumbling at his books . 
 `` oh , uh , yeah . 
 i should get to class anyway . 
 see you , celeste . '' 
 ethan 's footsteps disappeared down the hall . 
 the coke machine hummed loudly . 
 emma fidgeted with her purse strap . 
 `` i know we 're not exactly friends , celeste , but i-i just do n't want you to get hurt . '' 
 celeste sighed , glancing up through her wet lashes to meet emma 's eyes . 
 `` he 's an aries . 
 they 're always intense , you know ? '' 
 `` um , right , '' emma said . 
 she bit her lip , thinking about what she 'd just seen through the window . 
 garrett had n't looked intense-he 'd looked like he wanted to hurt someone . 
 `` we used to fight a lot when we were together . 
 he has a ... scary temper . '' 
 celeste leaned back against the wall of lockers , watching emma warily , like she was reluctant to confide too much . 
 emma could n't exactly blame her-the lying game girls had pranked her a few weeks ago . 
 but after a moment celeste spoke , her voice quiet , tentative . 
 `` it just all comes back to louisa . 
 the weird thing is that louisa is actually doing okay . 
 i mean , her mom put her in therapy , so she 's had help . 
 but the whole thing , like ... broke him . 
 his spirit is so wounded . 
 i keep asking him to meditate with me . 
 it helped a lot , after my parents got divorced . 
 but he wo n't even try . '' 
 emma nodded carefully . 
 `` so you think he 's angry because of ... because of what happened with louisa ? '' 
 celeste gave her an odd look . 
 `` yeah . 
 of course . '' 
 `` oh , well , i never heard the whole story . 
 i knew he was upset about it , obviously , but i do n't really know what he was upset about , '' emma fished . 
 the color drained from celeste 's face . 
 she glanced back over her shoulder as if checking for eavesdroppers . 
 `` i should n't have said anything , then . 
 it 's not my business to spread around . '' 
 emma mentally swore . 
 gossip always flowed freely at hollier , and the one time she needed it , it dried up entirely . 
 `` i 'm not trying to pry , '' she backpedaled . 
 `` i just think you should be careful . 
 i mean ... garrett 's pretty volatile , celeste . '' 
 celeste narrowed her eyes suspiciously . 
 sutton mercer was n't exactly known for her concern for others . 
 `` well , um , take care , '' emma said , recognizing her cue to leave . 
 she tucked sutton 's purse under her arm and walked away . 
 `` hey , sutton ? '' 
 emma paused and turned around . 
 celeste stood in the middle of the hall , hugging her shoulders . 
 `` i heard about your sister , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 then she turned and disappeared , leaving emma with more questions than answers . 
 but something celeste said had awoken a strange , tingling memory at the back of my mind . 
 it stayed maddeningly out of reach , just beyond my memory , but i could feel it there . 
 something had happened to garrett 's little sister-something very , very bad . 
 maybe bad enough to turn her brother into a killer . 
 15 behind enemy lines garrett 's house was a small hacienda on a quiet street near the country club , surrounded by slate tile , low stone benches , and succulents in earthen pots . 
 enormous golden fish drifted lazily in a koi pond beneath a small cluster of paloverde trees . 
 a dark blue subaru outback was parked in the drive , but garrett 's silver audi was nowhere to be seen . 
 emma sat in sutton 's car across the street for nearly ten minutes , taking deep , steadying breaths and watching the house . 
 finally , she braced herself and got out of the car . 
 school had just let out . 
 garrett would be in the hollier weight room with the rest of the soccer team for the next two hours-the season was over , but they worked out together year-round . 
 thoughts of garrett had haunted emma all day . 
 his face red and angry as he screamed at celeste ; the smirk on his lips as he 'd held up the sign that read bitch ; the small , shiny key with her sister 's initials scratched on the tag . 
 she 'd wandered through all of sutton 's classes in a fog , waking up only during fourth-period german to stare intently at the back of garrett 's head as if she could read his thoughts if she just tried hard enough . 
 finally , she could n't take it anymore . 
 she was going to hunt for answers-even if it meant putting her own life at risk . 
 she was going to try to get into garrett 's bedroom . 
 no one knew she was here . 
 she had n't told ethan she was coming . 
 he would have figured out a way to stop her . 
 but she could n't find the proof she needed if she never tried . 
 garrett 's street had felt strangely vacant as sutton 's gps led her to his house . 
 no traffic rushed by , and no one in the neighborhood seemed to be outside doing yard work or enjoying the golden november sun . 
 the only thing she could hear was the soft , constant chatter of birds overhead . 
 a few blocks away , someone at the country club yelled , `` fore ! '' 
 it was punctuated by the soft pock of a ball being smacked in the distance . 
 as she set foot in the austins ' yard , a bizarre , high-pitched cry tore through the air . 
 emma jumped , panic surging in the pit of her stomach . 
 another cry broke out , and then another , again and again , echoing off the flagstones . 
 it sounded like a girl 's voice , wailing in pain . 
 each keening cry seemed to cut through emma 's chest . 
 she spun in circles , looking for the source of the sound . 
 for a split second she was sure that garrett had another victim here , somewhere on his property . 
 but then two enormous peacocks came hustling out from the backyard , their tails dragging behind them . 
 one of them tossed its head back , its throat shuddering as it gave the cry she 'd mistaken for human . 
 emma shrieked as they beelined for her . 
 she jumped up onto a stone bench next to the pond just as the birds swooped toward her . 
 they flanked her , angling their heads to glare at her with their beady eyes . 
 the front door opened , and a thickset woman with sandy blonde hair stuck her head out , calling , `` rocko ! 
 salvador ! '' 
 then she saw emma cowering on the bench . 
 her eyes widened , and she bustled through the doorway . 
 the peacocks pivoted their heads on their long necks to look at her , and one stalked toward her , looking hopefully at her hand . 
 `` shoo ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` i do n't have any corn , you wretched things . '' 
 this had to be garrett 's mom . 
 she had the same hair , the same molasses-brown eyes-though where her son was all muscle , she had the rounded corners of a teddy bear under her loose linen pants and brown sweater . 
 amber rings glittered on every finger , amber drop earrings hung from her lobes , and a pair of cat-eye glasses hung at her chest from a chain made of amber beads . 
 emma held her breath as the woman made warding-off motions with her hands while the birds stood and stared balefully . 
 she did n't know what garrett might have told his mother after their breakup , or what kind of relationship sutton had with her boyfriend 's mom to begin with . 
 but when the peacocks had finally strutted away around back , the woman broke into a warm smile . 
 `` sutton ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 she extended a hand to help emma down from the bench . 
 `` it 's been so long ! 
 sorry about the boys , '' she said , sighing toward the peacocks . 
 `` they 've been so aggressive lately . 
 i do n't know what 's gotten into them . '' 
 emma gave the woman a tentative smile . 
 `` i 'm sorry i , uh , got them all riled up . 
 thanks for saving me , mrs. austin . '' 
 as soon as the words left her mouth a cloud moved over the woman 's expression . 
 `` that 's garrett 's stepmother 's name , dear , '' she said coolly . 
 `` remember ? 
 my maiden name is ramsey . '' 
 emma cursed herself inwardly . 
 of course-garrett 's parents were divorced . 
 but as quickly as it had appeared , the woman 's darkened expression passed . 
 `` besides , why are you calling me mrs. anything ? 
 you always used to call me vanessa . '' 
 vanessa . 
 something stirred at the back of my mind . 
 as usual , it was almost impossible to nail down a specific memory , but i could grasp at fragments . 
 i remembered having dinner with garrett 's family , picnic-style on the floor of their living room . 
 i remembered the impression that there was a lingering sadness around her , though i was n't sure why . 
 was it a remnant of a bitter divorce , or something darker ? 
 i struggled again to conjure up a memory of garrett 's sister-what had happened to her ? 
 - but nothing came to me . 
 emma took a deep breath . 
 `` sorry , vanessa . 
 it 's been a long time . '' 
 the woman patted emma 's shoulder , smiling wistfully . 
 `` it has , has n't it ? 
 but i 'm so glad to see you now . 
 does this mean you and garrett are friends again ? '' 
 emma hesitated . 
 garrett 's mom was nothing like she 'd expected . 
 she seemed so sweet ; the idea of lying to her made emma a little nauseated . 
 but she had to get into garrett 's room somehow . 
 `` we 're trying , '' she said evasively . 
 vanessa nodded , and for a moment , she looked tired . 
 `` i know how difficult he can be sometimes , '' she said , her voice low . 
 `` but you meant so much to him . 
 i 'm glad you 're trying to stay in each other 's lives . 
 i always thought you were good for him , sutton . '' 
 emma bit her lip . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 vanessa had a dimple in her left cheek , the same as garrett 's . 
 when she smiled , the years peeled off her . 
 `` you were the only girlfriend he ever had who did n't let him get away with murder . '' 
 emma forced a hollow laugh at vanessa 's choice of words . 
 `` oh , i do n't know about that . '' 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` i stopped by because i think garrett has my wildcats sweatshirt . 
 is he here ? '' 
 vanessa shook her head , her amber earrings swaying with the movement . 
 `` no , i 'm afraid he 's still at school . 
 pumping iron , i think he calls it ? '' 
 she had a gasping , breathless laugh . 
 `` he wo n't be home for a few hours . '' 
 emma pretended to be disappointed , pursing her lips in a pout . 
 `` oh , man . 
 i was really hoping to wear it this weekend . 
 they 're playing new mexico , and i always wear that shirt when i watch the game with my dad . '' 
 `` why do n't you run up to his room and see if you can find it ? '' 
 emma felt a pang of guilt at how easily the woman suggested it . 
 `` you do n't mind ? '' 
 `` not at all . 
 if you 're brave enough to enter that mess , you have my blessings . '' 
 vanessa opened the front door with another laugh . 
 emma followed her into an entryway with cherry-wood parquet flooring and antique bronze light fixtures . 
 the window over the door was a stained-glass image of the sun coming up over the mountains , and the light filtering through it cast an orange glow over the room . 
 she stared around for a moment . 
 this was n't what she 'd expected garrett 's house to look like at all . 
 the decorations were luxurious and eccentric . 
 garrett had always seemed so bland to her . 
 then again , she clearly did n't know anything about garrett at all . 
 emma turned and gave vanessa her best impress-the-adults smile . 
 `` thank you so much . 
 i 'll just be a minute . '' 
 `` take your time , sweetie . '' 
 garrett 's mother enclosed her in a quick hug that smelled like jasmine perfume and potting soil . 
 emma 's heart ached a little . 
 vanessa reminded her of her best friend alex 's mom , who 'd always treated her like family . 
 she gave garrett 's mom another little wave and took the steps two at a time , her heart picking up speed . 
 the stairs opened onto a landing that looked over the living room . 
 the high , slanting ceiling was made of red tin , stamped with an elaborate vine pattern . 
 creepy ambient music seeped out from under one of the closed bedroom doors . 
 a large collage hung on the door at eye level-it looked like the artist had ripped up pictures of fashion models and then pieced them back together into surreal , alien forms , some with animal bodies , others with machine parts replacing arms or eyes . 
 emma thought it was safe to assume that was louisa 's room . 
 the room after that was a blue-and-yellow tiled bathroom-and the one after that , she guessed , would be garrett 's . 
 she tentatively cracked the door and peered inside . 
 bingo . 
 vanessa had n't been exaggerating . 
 garrett 's room looked like a bomb had gone off in it . 
 his dark green bedspread slumped half on the bed , half on the floor . 
 dirty clothes were strewn around on every square inch of the floor , and a pervasive smell of sweaty socks filled the air . 
 powerbar wrappers and empty gatorade bottles collected on every surface . 
 pictures of soccer players and italian race cars were tacked all over the walls , and a jock strap dangled from the little gold figurine topping an mvp trophy on his desk . 
 emma 's eyes darted uncertainly around the room . 
 if garrett were hiding something about the murder , where would it be-and what would it be ? 
 she opened his desk drawers , sorting through unorganized piles of paper clips , highlighters , and thumbtacks . 
 there was evidence of his current romance with celeste , in the form of a chunk of violet quartz next to his computer-emma assumed it was for focusing his chi or something like that . 
 a photo of celeste sitting on a swing and gazing off into mid-distance sat behind it . 
 a few picture frames lay facedown on the desk , where they 'd been knocked over by a hastily flung windbreaker . 
 she picked them up and turned them over-and as she did , her heart started to slam against her chest . 
 in one , nisha beamed at the camera in tennis whites . 
 and in the other , sutton gave her best movie-star pout from a lounge chair , dressed in a jade-green bikini and a flowered sarong . 
 the frames shook in her hands . 
 why would he have these here , on his desk , after both girls had broken up with him ? 
 i stared at the pictures . 
 what did he think about when he looked at them ? 
 did he relive what he 'd done to us ? 
 did he tell himself that i 'd deserved it for hurting him ? 
 a shiver moved through me as i looked at my own coy smirk , frozen forever in time . 
 emma set the pictures back where she 'd found them . 
 she suddenly felt a lot less safe than she had a moment before . 
 she backed toward the door , stumbling over a stray hiking boot on the way . 
 as she turned to go , she kicked an orange prescription bottle with the tip of her toe . 
 a few pills rattled inside . 
 she frowned , stooping to pick it up . 
 it was valium . 
 time froze . 
 she stared at the crisp black print on the label until the letters did n't make sense , until they looked like a jumble of alien signs . 
 detective quinlan 's voice floated back to her . 
 the examiner found extremely high amounts of diazepam in her bloodstream . 
 nisha had n't had a prescription . 
 but garrett did . 
 `` what are you doing in here ? '' 
 the voice cut through emma 's thoughts like a knife . 
 she jumped , throwing the bottle to the floor , and looked up to see garrett 's sister in the doorway . 
 louisa wore cut-off jean shorts , bright green tights , hiking boots , and a large black t-shirt that draped off one shoulder . 
 her dyed-black hair was cut in a shaggy bob , and she wore dozens of black jelly bangles on her arms . 
 she stood in the doorway , looking both curious and mildly annoyed . 
 emma had n't even heard her open the door . 
 `` oh ... uh , hi , louisa , '' she stammered , fastening a bright smile on her face . 
 `` long time no see . '' 
 louisa raised an eyebrow . 
 emma swallowed . 
 `` your mom let me in . 
 i thought i 'd left a sweatshirt here , but i do n't see it . 
 i mean , i do n't know how i could find it in this mess . '' 
 she gave a nervous laugh , but louisa did n't smile . 
 the younger girl gave her a long , steady look . 
 emma squirmed . 
 she felt like she was being memorized for a police lineup . 
 but finally louisa spoke . 
 `` you should stay away from garrett . '' 
 emma blinked . 
 there was no malice in louisa 's voice-just a blunt matter-of-factness . 
 but her brow was crumpled in a worried frown . 
 `` i 'm not trying to make any trouble , '' emma said carefully . 
 louisa shrugged . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 look , sutton , i 'm not just trying to be bitchy . 
 he 's seriously worse when you 're around . 
 i do n't know what happened between you guys , but these past few months he 's been a total wreck . 
 there 's no way you guys are going to be buddies after all that , okay ? 
 just stay out of his life . 
 you owe him that . '' 
 a chill crawled up emma 's spine . 
 `` he 's been unstable since the breakup ? '' 
 louisa gave an impatient snort . 
 `` since before that . 
 the night before nisha 's party he came home hysterical at like three in the morning . 
 he would n't tell me where he 'd been , but he was hyperventilating and pacing . 
 it took me the rest of the night to get him to calm down . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i thought you guys had broken up , but then you were together at nisha 's , so i did n't know what to think . '' 
 she gave emma a tiny , almost apologetic smile . 
 `` i 'm not saying it 's your fault , sutton . 
 we both know my brother has problems . 
 but you make them all so much worse . 
 if you really want what 's best for him , you 'll stay far , far away . '' 
 and with that , she left . 
 emma stood paralyzed in the middle of garrett 's room , louisa 's words tossing around in her mind . 
 we both know my brother has problems ... but you make them all so much worse . 
 a sick , twisted fear washed over her . 
 the night before nisha 's party was the night sutton died . 
 was his mood frantic because he 'd just murdered her in cold blood ? 
 frustration raged through me . 
 i felt like i was choking on all the things i could n't tell emma . 
 if only i could beam my memories straight into her head . 
 if only i could show her what i knew-that garrett had been in the canyon with me . 
 that he 'd killed me . 
 i 'd kill him myself , but thanks to him , i was less than a shadow : silent , intangible-and helpless . 
 16 law and order : long-lost twin unit later that afternoon , emma pulled sutton 's volvo into a parking space outside the police station for her interview with quinlan . 
 mr. mercer had offered to meet her there , but she 'd told him not to . 
 she 'd lied to the mercers enough already ; she did n't want him to witness this , too . 
 by now the drab gray building was familiar to her . 
 this was where she 'd first tried to report sutton missing , only to be accused of crying wolf . 
 this , too , was where she 'd been brought after she was arrested for shoplifting , when she 'd first read quinlan 's file on her twin . 
 every time she 'd been there before , a sleepy , muted feeling had permeated the air , almost as if the station were underwater . 
 but now officers strode quickly and purposefully through the labyrinth of desks behind the reception area . 
 phones jangled from every corner , pitched just slightly off from one another so their tones clashed painfully . 
 a flat-screen tv had been installed on the wall of the waiting area , tuned in to the national news . 
 the sound was off , but the headlines sprang up swiftly along the bottom of the screen . 
 she gave a jolt as she realized that the silver-haired cnn reporter was standing outside sabino canyon 's visitor center . 
 his lips moved soundlessly . 
 girl 's body found wednesday , said the blocky text under his handsome face . 
 tpd has yet to release an official cause of death . 
 so it 's gone national , she thought grimly . 
 no wonder the station was looking sharper than usual . 
 behind her the door opened and then closed , a blade of sunlight cutting quickly across the room and then disappearing again . 
 she glanced away from the tv and gasped . 
 travis lambert , her old foster brother , stood there looking as smarmy as ever , though he 'd obviously tried to dress up . 
 he wore a button-down shirt that bunched around his waist where it was badly tucked in , and he 'd shaved off the pathetic little strip of hair on his upper lip . 
 next to him was a balding , middle-aged man in a tailored gray suit . 
 he carried a briefcase , swinging it back and forth like it was some kind of weapon . 
 they walked to the reception desk , where a female officer with thin , penciled-on eyebrows sat typing on an ancient-looking computer . 
 `` my client 's here to see detective ostrada , '' drawled the man with the briefcase . 
 the officer gave them a skeptical , unimpressed look , then picked up a phone receiver and hit a button . 
 `` ostrada ? 
 the witness you requested is up here . '' 
 emma took a few steps backward and sat on the low bench in the waiting area , trying to look like just another citizen waiting to talk to a cop . 
 stay calm , she ordered herself . 
 he has n't seen you . 
 and even if he does see you , you 're sutton mercer . 
 you have no idea who the hell he is . 
 she softened her gaze so that she could look as though she were staring into space while keeping travis in her periphery . 
 the last thing she wanted was to make eye contact . 
 the officer hung up the phone and stood up . 
 `` you can follow me , '' she said , sounding like she did n't really care if they did or did n't . 
 she opened the gate that separated the reception desk from the rest of the station , and the lawyer stepped through . 
 travis lingered for a moment , his hand on the gate . 
 go on , emma urged him . 
 straight through the gate and out of my sight . 
 but instead he pivoted slowly , his pupils flaring with recognition when his eyes landed on the bench . 
 emma fought to keep her face neutral , to act like he was just someone a girl like her would n't have the time of day for . 
 she was sutton mercer now-not poor , powerless emma paxton , with a whole journal titled comebacks i should have said . 
 she pretended to be captivated by a poster on the wall over his head with mcgruff the crime dog peering suspiciously over the lapel of his trench coat . 
 `` travis ? '' 
 the lawyer said , sounding mildly impatient . 
 `` come on , we have a meeting . '' 
 `` coming , '' he said in a singsong voice . 
 then , staring right at emma , he pursed his lips to kiss in her direction before pushing through the gate and disappearing into the back . 
 her stomach twisted in knots , a sick , shaky feeling sweeping through her . 
 of course she was still poor , powerless emma . 
 so long as the murderer kept playing with her like she was his puppet , so long as she had to hide the truth from everyone she loved , she would still be as helpless to control her own fate as she had ever been as a ward of the state back in vegas . 
 emma uncrossed and recrossed her legs on the bench , shifting her weight , wondering why in the world travis was even here . 
 maybe they just wanted someone else to identify the body . 
 maybe he was there to tell more lies about emma , about how wild and perverted she 'd been . 
 her thoughts were interrupted by detective quinlan , who was now standing at the gate holding it open for her . 
 `` thanks for coming down , miss mercer . 
 please follow me . '' 
 as quinlan led her past the clusters of desks , she was intensely aware of all the eyes following them both . 
 everyone in the office seemed to know who she was and what she was there for . 
 a paunchy , buzz-cut officer gawked openly as she passed . 
 a woman whose black hair was twisted in a high pompadour on her head took a surreptitious photo of her with a cell phone . 
 who knew the police force would be just like a bunch of high school kids , i thought bitterly . 
 quinlan led emma down a linoleum hallway to an interrogation room at the back of the station . 
 like everything else in the building , the room was drab and industrial gray . 
 a faded silk fig tree stood in a plastic pot in one corner , thick dust on its fake leaves . 
 she glanced nervously at quinlan . 
 `` how come we 're in an interrogation room ? '' 
 she asked , trying to sound like she was joking . 
 `` do i , uh , need a lawyer ? '' 
 quinlan 's mustache twitched slightly . 
 `` no , no , miss mercer . 
 not to worry . 
 this is just a casual conversation . '' 
 he moved to the far side of the table , then tossed two manila folders onto the table , side by side . 
 the tab on the thicker one read sutton mercer . 
 the other read emma paxton . 
 emma stared at the thin folder with her name on it . 
 what could possibly be inside ? 
 the only time she 'd ever gotten in trouble with the law in her old life was the night she and alex had broken curfew to see a punk show on unlv campus , and the officer then had n't even written them up-he 'd just driven them home and handed them over to alex 's furious mother , which had been bad enough . 
 was the file only for information about the body they 'd found in the canyon ? 
 her fingers ached to flip it open , but that was obviously impossible with quinlan right in front of her . 
 i wanted to see inside just as badly as emma did-especially if there was information about my body in her file . 
 every time i tried to imagine my corpse , an overwhelming sense of curiosity took hold of me . 
 i 'd never liked creepy things when i was alive-i did n't watch slasher movies or medical dramas or anything like that . 
 but the urge to see my body was like an itch just out of reach . 
 it would n't go away until i 'd scratched it . 
 quinlan , meanwhile , was busy fidgeting with a digital recorder he 'd set on the table . 
 `` can you please state your name and date of birth , miss mercer ? '' 
 emma repeated sutton 's name and their birthday , and after he 'd replayed the recording to make sure it was working , he clasped his fingers together and rested them on the table . 
 `` all right . 
 can you please tell me again what you know about emma paxton ? '' 
 emma swallowed hard . 
 the recorder both made her feel better and not-she did n't like the thought of the lies she 'd have to tell being recorded in her own voice , but on the other hand it would document anything quinlan said , too . 
 he would n't be able to bully or intimidate her if he wanted to use the recording as any kind of evidence . 
 `` well , like i told you , '' she said slowly , `` i met my birth mom for the first time in sabino canyon on august thirty-first . 
 she told me i had a twin named emma . 
 that same night i got a message on facebook from a girl named emma paxton . 
 her picture looked exactly like me . 
 we messaged back and forth a few times , and we made arrangements to meet the next evening back at sabino . 
 i went the next night to meet her , and she never showed up , so i went to nisha banerjee 's party instead . 
 i did n't really think about her after that-i assumed the facebook messages were either a lame prank from my friends , or that emma was just a flake like my birth mom . '' 
 `` can you show me those facebook messages ? '' 
 quinlan asked . 
 she nodded , pulling them up on her iphone and handing it across the table . 
 the night before , she 'd sat up staring at her facebook exchange with sutton , trying to see if there was anything incriminating that she had n't realized . 
 as far as she could see , the messages were safe . 
 quinlan 's eyes flickered up to meet hers . '' 
 ` do n't tell anyone who you are until we talk-it 's dangerous ! ' '' 
 he read out loud . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 emma 's throat felt dry . 
 `` i wanted to surprise my parents with her , '' she said , beads of sweat gathering at her temple . 
 `` i was afraid someone else would find her before i did and think she was me . 
 i did n't want her to give it away . '' 
 quinlan 's eyebrow twitched , but otherwise his face was motionless . 
 somewhere overhead the air conditioning kicked on , and a blast of cold turned her sweat clammy . 
 `` pretty weird coincidence , '' quinlan said . 
 `` the night you found out about her was the night she messaged you ? '' 
 emma nodded , shrugging . 
 `` yeah . 
 i know it 's weird ; i thought so , too . 
 but like i already told you , becky 's weird . 
 maybe she was in contact with emma , too . '' 
 quinlan pushed the phone back across the table . 
 emma slid it into her pocket , her skin crawling under his gaze . 
 he was watching her intently , his gray eyes sharp and glinting . 
 she tried not to squirm away from making eye contact . 
 `` do you know anything about her foster family ? '' 
 he asked then . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i saw them on tv yesterday , but she did n't tell me anything about them . '' 
 she frowned slightly . 
 `` i thought i saw her foster brother-what 's his name , travis ? 
 - out front in the waiting area . 
 does he know anything about what happened to my sister ? '' 
 the corner of quinlan 's eyebrow twitched again , but besides that his face did n't move . 
 `` we 're hoping he can help us with a timeline , '' he said . 
 he picked up emma 's file , opening it near his chest . 
 she strained her eyes to try to see over the top of the page , but he kept it at a close angle to his body . 
 `` okay , now , what can you tell me about nisha banerjee ? '' 
 quinlan 's voice was almost conversational , his face neutral and earnest , but a blade of cold shot up emma 's spine . 
 she stared at him blankly . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she fought to keep her fingernails out of her mouth , instead sliding her hands under her butt on the chair . 
 quinlan gave her a disingenuously curious look . 
 `` well , her phone records show that she called you over and over the day she died . 
 she apparently had something really important to tell you . 
 what was so urgent ? '' 
 emma shrugged , trying to look more wistful than terrified . 
 `` i 've already told you , i wish i knew . 
 she died before she could tell me . 
 but what 's that got to do with emma ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , sutton . 
 you tell me . '' 
 quinlan closed the file and set it down , then crossed his arms over his chest . 
 he stared at her for a long moment , as if expecting her to volunteer more information . 
 alarm bells went off in my head . 
 i knew this game too well . 
 quinlan and i had played cat and mouse for the past few years . 
 his bullshit radar was hair-trigger keen . 
 emma needed to step very carefully . 
 quinlan leaned back in his chair and interlaced his fingers behind his neck . 
 `` you know , when i first got word of this , i was sure it was a prank . 
 sutton ca n't have a twin , i thought-one of you is more than enough . 
 still , something is n't adding up . '' 
 emma straightened in her chair . 
 her hands trembled , but she tossed her hair over her shoulder . 
 `` hey , thanks for recording this . 
 i 'm glad whoever 's going to listen will hear you harassing a grieving teenager without her parents in the room . '' 
 that seemed to startle him . 
 he glanced at the recorder , then back at her . 
 `` look , i 'm just saying , given your history the whole thing seems kind of far-fetched . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i did n't get to write my own life , '' emma snapped . 
 that was true enough , she thought . 
 `` sorry you do n't like the plot . '' 
 quinlan held up his hands defensively . 
 `` all right , i 'm sorry . 
 you 're right . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` can you just do me one favor , though ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , narrowing her eyes . 
 `` can i swab your cheek ? '' 
 she frowned , but he persisted . 
 `` i do n't want to go into details , but your sister 's body was n't in great shape when we found it . 
 we just want to make sure that she is your biological twin . 
 a quick dna test will resolve the whole thing . '' 
 emma bit her lip . 
 there was something about it that she did n't like-quinlan 's rapid-fire questioning had left her feeling vulnerable and confused . 
 but there was no way a dna test could incriminate her-she and sutton would be identical , and refusing would seem suspicious . 
 she nodded . 
 quinlan extracted a q-tip from a clear plastic tube in his briefcase . 
 she opened wide , and he ran it along the inside of her cheek , peering into her mouth like a dentist . 
 then he briskly slid the swab back in the tube and slammed his briefcase shut . 
 `` wait right here , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll be back in just a few minutes . '' 
 with that he turned to the door and was gone . 
 an uneasy feeling descended on me in the silence left in his wake . 
 i did n't trust quinlan . 
 he was almost as crafty as i 'd been . 
 and now he was out of sight . 
 but that also meant that emma was alone-and he 'd left the files on the table . 
 it was finally time to see how i 'd died . 
 17 body of evidence emma counted to ten , holding her breath so she could hear quinlan 's movements as he went down the hall . 
 a distant door opened and shut , and then there was silence . 
 when she was sure he was gone , she grabbed the file that listed her own name . 
 she flipped it open-and immediately dropped it . 
 the file landed on the table in front of her , gaping open . 
 paper-clipped to the inside of the folder was a photo of a skeleton . 
 emma 's throat went dry . 
 she 'd known there would probably be post-mortem pictures in the file , but she had n't stopped to imagine what they 'd look like . 
 she could n't swallow ; her tongue felt like sandpaper inside her mouth . 
 but she took a deep breath and squared her shoulders . 
 what if there were clues the cops had n't known to look for ? 
 she had to see those pictures . 
 the body 's empty eye sockets stared straight up at the sky . 
 brightly colored leaves partially covered it , red and gold and brown . 
 scraps of skin still clung to the bones , and its long hair spread out behind it , dried out and bleached red by sun and exposure . 
 the skull 's awful grin was a strange contrast to the faded pink hoodie still zipped around the corpse 's torso . 
 i gazed at the picture , unable to tear my eyes away from what little remained of the body i 'd left behind . 
 staring at the skull , i could just trace out the memory of my own features-there were my high cheekbones , my narrow chin . 
 but i did n't feel much connection with the bones in the picture . 
 they did n't have anything to do with me anymore . 
 weirdly , emma 's body felt more like mine than my own did . 
 there were other photos , paper-clipped behind the first , capturing the body from different angles . 
 it looked like sutton had been wearing yellow cotton shorts the night she went to the canyon . 
 close-ups revealed splintered bones , and one showed a jagged hole near the crown of the skull . 
 the more she looked at the pictures , the stranger emma felt . 
 she 'd known for months her sister was dead . 
 between the killer strangling her in charlotte 's kitchen and dropping a theater light next to her in the school auditorium , and most recently , what happened to nisha , there was really no room for doubt . 
 but still , still , there had been some small , hopeful part of her that thought sutton might walk back into town someday , laughing at the success of her best lying game prank yet . 
 staring down at the pictures of the body , though , there was no room left for hope or fantasy . 
 this was what had happened to her sister . 
 this was all that was left of her . 
 of course , everyone thought this was emma 's body . 
 there was nothing to tell them apart-not even the dna in their bones . 
 looking at sutton 's dead body was like looking at pictures of herself dead . 
 a dry spasm shot through her , and bile filled her mouth . 
 she went to a low metal garbage can and spit into it , wishing desperately that she 'd asked quinlan for a glass of water before he 'd left . 
 she went back to the table and sat down again , shaking slightly , fighting to suppress her nausea . 
 on the other side of the folder were stacks of forms and reports , collated and stapled . 
 she picked up a facial reconstruction sketch that showed a young woman 's features , from the front and then again in profile . 
 it was almost spookier than the actual remains-there was something uncanny about seeing her own face , drawn by someone who had never actually seen her but who had built the image up from her sister 's bones . 
 all the details were right . 
 the artist had gotten the features perfectly , but something was off in the eyes and the lips . 
 of course , those would be the hardest things to imagine with only the skeleton for a guide . 
 next she picked up a diagram of the crime scene , sketched from multiple angles , that showed both the body 's distance from the road and the spot the investigators thought she 'd fallen from , high overhead . 
 her breath caught as she recognized the area on the map : sutton had fallen from a precipice very close to the spot where the girls had held their fake seance just a few weeks earlier . 
 she thought back to the faint voice she 'd heard in her head that night , so familiar in her ear . 
 it had told her to run . 
 it had sounded like it was coming from far , far away . 
 but maybe it had been closer than she 'd thought . 
 it had come from me . 
 finally there was the coroner 's report . 
 the medical examiner had enumerated sutton 's injuries , and the list was long . 
 on one page he 'd sketched the locations of the wounds and fractures on a schematic outline of her body . 
 victim has more than a dozen separate bruises and thirteen lacerations over her limbs and torso . 
 victim 's tibia and three ribs are fractured , and left shoulder is dislocated . 
 victim also suffered depressed skull fracture directly over right eye , causing subdural hematoma and massive hemorrhage . 
 emma bit hard on the inside of her mouth , her blood salty and metallic on her tongue . 
 her sister had died in a lot of pain , and a side note mentioned that it looked like wild animals of some kind had `` disturbed '' the body . 
 emma did n't want to think about that . 
 she turned the page . 
 these injuries are all consistent with an accidental fall . 
 the words froze her in her seat . 
 accidental fall ? 
 i froze , too . 
 they thought it was an accident ? 
 how was that possible ? 
 i reached frantically through my memory to conjure up the last image i had of that night in the canyon . 
 once again i felt garrett 's hand on my shoulder , his voice in my ear . 
 i willed myself to turn around , to face him and find out what he had done to me-but the memory went dark . 
 all i could pull up was that sickly sense of vertigo i 'd had when quinlan had first announced that i 'd fallen . 
 garrett must have pushed me over the side-but there had to be a clue , some indication that he 'd done it on purpose . 
 what happened to me-what had happened to emma and nisha since-had been no accident . 
 emma 's head spun wildly . 
 it was just like nisha 's death , covered up and made to look accidental . 
 then , at the bottom of the report , two lines in bold type caught her eye . 
 cause of death : cerebral contusion caused by blunt force trauma manner of death : undetermined she blinked . 
 undetermined . 
 so maybe they were n't so sure it had been an `` accidental '' fall , after all . 
 she kept shuffling through the folder . 
 a stack of grainy surveillance camera stills were stapled together with printed-out e-mails from the sabino canyon visitor center , addressed to quinlan . 
 we 're eager to help in any way we can , the sender had written . 
 the camera takes one picture on the hour every hour . 
 we installed it three years ago after a spate of vandalism in the parking lot-it 's not set up to monitor activity on the trails . 
 emma quickly ran her index finger through the dates attached to the pictures until she found the ones taken on the night of the thirty-first . 
 her eyes searched for any familiar car , any familiar person . 
 any clue she had n't caught before . 
 from the photos it seemed that there 'd hardly been anyone in the canyon that night , and she did n't recognize any of the cars . 
 sutton 's volvo was nowhere to be seen . 
 maybe the murderer had already stolen it by the time the picture was taken , or maybe she and thayer had parked somewhere secluded . 
 picture by picture , hour by hour , the parking lot emptied . 
 at one point two new cars appeared-cars she knew . 
 mr. mercer 's suv and becky 's rusted-out brown buick . 
 that must have been when sutton had run into her father , and then , not long after that , into becky . 
 an hour later the cars were gone . 
 maybe the murderer had walked from somewhere , or had been dropped off by a taxi , just as emma had been the following day . 
 she turned the page , and i felt an electric shock pulse through my being . 
 there at midnight , under the sallow yellow light of a street lamp , sat a familiar silver audi . 
 i could just barely make out the sticker on the bumper . 
 it read what 's life without goals ? 
 the letter o in goals was replaced by a soccer ball . 
 i knew that car . 
 i knew the dark , kidney-shaped stain on the passenger seat where i 'd spilled a cup of coffee . 
 i knew the cheesy shearling throw in the backseat , where i 'd curled my legs up under me and quirked a finger , beckoning its driver to come close for a kiss . 
 i knew the dent he 'd left in the rear driver 's side door one night when i 'd told him he 'd had too much to drink , when i refused to give him his keys . 
 i could see his soccer-muscled leg flying toward that door even now , crumpling the fiberglass with his heel . 
 it was garrett 's car . 
 and now that was n't all i could see . 
 i felt the memory coming before it took me . 
 it welled up like an undertow , and dragged me down , down , down-back to the last few moments of my life . 
 18 what goes up ... when i feel the hand on my shoulder i spin around , fear tight in my throat . 
 for a moment i ca n't believe my eyes . 
 garrett stands inches behind me , his features clenched in a bitter scowl . 
 he 's close enough that i can smell the whiskey on his breath . 
 his hair is a wild tangle , and one of his knees is skinned below his khaki cargo shorts . 
 the scrape oozes blood down his calf . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i gasp , staggering a few steps back . 
 behind me the trail slopes sharply away . 
 i catch my balance on a boulder . 
 his laugh cuts through me like a knife . 
 by now i 'm used to garrett 's mood swings , his erratic behavior , but that does n't mean i like them . 
 good garrett might be a sweet , earnest puppy dog-lovable and easygoing and maybe even a little vulnerable-but bad garrett is a whole different story . 
 and just my luck , guess which one of them is here now ? 
 he squints at me through the gloom , his eyes bloodshot and unfocused . 
 `` no need to ask what you 're doing here , '' he sneers . 
 `` you look like a slut in those shorts . '' 
 i should ignore him . 
 i should turn and walk down the mountain without saying another word . 
 but like i always do with garrett , i rise to the bait . 
 `` you liked these shorts just fine the other day , '' i snap . 
 just a few days earlier we 'd gone to see some boring superhero blockbuster together , and he 'd been so distracted by my legs draped over his lap that we did n't do much watching . 
 `` that was before you were wearing them at midnight in the middle of nowhere , '' he says . 
 his words slur sloppily together . 
 `` are you trying to get attacked ? '' 
 i know why he 's saying this , where his venom is coming from , but that does n't mean it does n't hurt . 
 i turn away from him to hide the tears in my eyes . 
 `` go home , garrett . 
 you 're drunk , and you 're being a real a ** hole . '' 
 but he reaches out and grabs my arm . 
 `` stop trying to act like you 're so innocent , '' he hisses . 
 `` stop trying to make me feel like the bad guy . 
 i know what 's going on . '' 
 `` you do n't know anything , '' i say angrily . 
 after everything i 've already been through tonight , i do n't have any patience for one of garrett 's temper tantrums . 
 `` and i really do n't appreciate you acting like i 'm a total ho just because i want to ... '' i ca n't finish the sentence . 
 all summer , i 've been hoping that garrett and i could cement our relationship , that we could finally take it to the next level . 
 i think part of me has been hoping , deep down , that if we finally make love i 'll be able to commit to him and him alone , that i 'll be able to let go of thayer and quit all the sneaking around and lying . 
 i 've given garrett about a thousand opportunities to seduce me , and he 's rebuffed me at every turn . 
 it 's almost enough to make a girl doubt her own charms-except i know it 's just garrett 's own weird hang-ups holding him back . 
 he 's been funny about sex , ever since what happened to his sister . 
 now , though , i 'm glad we did n't go all the way . 
 i do n't want to be with him anymore . 
 what thayer and i have is so much more real than anything between me and garrett . 
 i just ca n't believe it 's taken me this long to see it . 
 `` i know what you 've been doing out here , who you were with , '' garrett says . 
 he lets go of me , and i stumble backward . 
 my wrist is tender where he gripped it . 
 `` why ? 
 have you been following me ? '' 
 i think about the feeling i 've had all night that someone 's been watching me , and my skin crawls . 
 `` that 's gross , garrett . '' 
 he gives a derisive snort . 
 `` you know , i went to nisha 's house tonight . 
 looking for my girlfriend ? '' 
 he says the last word almost sarcastically . 
 `` since that 's where you told me you were going to be tonight , after all . 
 but they said you had n't been there all night . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i decided not to go to nisha 's lame party . 
 so what ? '' 
 `` so i was pulling out of her driveway and just happened to see you running up the trail . 
 i thought i 'd come up and surprise you . 
 but you were n't out here alone , were you ? '' 
 the clouds around the moon shift , casting weird wispy shadows over the trail . 
 to my left , tucson sparkles like it 's made of fairy lights . 
 to my right is the drop-off to the ravine . 
 this is the part of the trail my father used to warn me about-when i was a little girl he 'd make me hold his hand as we passed the drop . 
 he 'd always told me that the cliff was too steep for climbers to rappel down , and that there were bodies no one had ever been able to retrieve at the bottom . 
 a shiver runs up my spine . 
 `` admit it , '' garrett says , his voice ragged . 
 `` you were with thayer , were n't you ? '' 
 my mouth goes dry . 
 i do n't even have the heart to deny it anymore . 
 but i do n't want to admit the truth right now either-not in the middle of nowhere , when he 's this drunk , this angry . 
 before i can move , he rips a sapling up by its roots and snaps it in half , screaming with rage . 
 `` goddamn it , sutton ! '' 
 his voice echoes , ricocheting around the ravine below . 
 he throws the broken halves of the little tree over the side , and i watch as they are swallowed by the darkness . 
 `` how could you do this to me ? 
 i love you . '' 
 he pulls at his own hair , grabbing it with his fists . 
 terror flashes through me , and suddenly i think of the shadowy figure behind the wheel of my volvo as it crashed down on thayer . 
 of the driver who hijacked my car to run down the boy i love . 
 a bleak realization starts to blossom inside of me . 
 i take a step away from him . 
 `` how long have you been following me ? '' 
 `` long enough , '' he sneers . 
 my heart twists in my chest . 
 this is garrett , i try to tell myself . 
 sweet , dopey garrett . 
 he 'd never run anyone over with a car-not even thayer . 
 right ? 
 but then the moon comes out from the clouds , and i can see the muscles in his neck and shoulders taut with barely restrained rage . 
 his jaw is clenched into a twisted rictus grin , his eyes flashing wildly . 
 the thought comes to me with a sudden dull thud of my heart-maybe this is n't bad garrett after all . 
 maybe this is a garrett i have n't seen until now . 
 insane garrett . 
 violent garrett . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 i breathe . 
 he laughs , and it 's a bitter , broken sound . 
 `` i do n't have to explain myself to you . '' 
 he takes a step toward me , grinning nastily . 
 a rush of anger flashes through me , burning my fear away . 
 for a moment it 's almost like i can hear the sickening crunch of thayer 's leg snapping again , like i can hear his voice call my name , weak with pain . 
 i clench my fists , pushing my face close to garrett 's . 
 `` you 're so f ** ked up , '' i whisper . 
 his eyes widen . 
 `` me ? '' 
 he takes another step toward me . 
 i stand my ground , even though he 's inches from my face now . 
 `` who 's the liar here ? 
 who 's the slut ? '' 
 on the last word he shoves me , a short , hard push . 
 i stumble but catch my balance before falling . 
 `` who 's the one who just ... ca n't ... tell ... the truth ? '' 
 with every word he pushes me farther back . 
 my blood is pounding in my ears , and this time it 's as much from anger as it is from fear . 
 `` we 're through , garrett ! '' 
 i stare up at him , and it 's like i 'm seeing him for the first time . 
 the sweet boy who brought me lilies of the valley for our first date , who sent me dozens of playlists filled with songs that made him think about me , who held my hand so innocently when we walked side by side-that boy is gone . 
 did he ever even exist ? 
 the person in front of me is a monster , damaged beyond all repair . 
 he freezes , and for a moment it looks like nothing is alive but his eyes . 
 they burn with a frenzied light . 
 i do n't know how i ever thought they looked soulful . 
 `` we 're not through until i say we 're through , '' he grits out . 
 pebbles shift beneath my feet , and i turn to realize he has backed me up against the precipice . 
 inky darkness fills the air below me . 
 i ca n't tell how far the drop is . 
 he moves so fast . 
 all at once he has me by my shirt . 
 my feet rise up off the ground , the collar of my shirt tight against my neck . 
 i whimper and kick out , but my feet do n't hit anything . 
 below me , the ravine opens hungrily . 
 he lifts me up and pulls me close to his face so that i choke on the rancid fumes of whiskey . 
 `` why do you make me so crazy ? '' 
 he asks , his voice breaking in agony . 
 and then he lets me go . 
 19 face off the heavy tread of footsteps sounded outside the door . 
 emma quickly shoved the pages back into the folder just as quinlan stepped inside . 
 without hesitating , she shot to her feet . 
 `` detective quinlan , i think i know who killed my sister . '' 
 `` yes , tell him , '' i urged . 
 i was still reeling from the sensation of garrett holding me out over the precipice . 
 he stopped in his tracks . 
 one eyebrow crept up his forehead in a skeptical arc . 
 `` that 's interesting . 
 i was just coming back in here to tell you the same thing ... emma . '' 
 for a moment what he said did n't register . 
 emma stood rooted to the spot , unable to move a muscle as her mind raced to catch up with what was happening . 
 quinlan gave her a cool smile . 
 `` when i swabbed your cheek , i could n't help but notice you have two fillings in your molars . 
 the thing is , sutton mercer has never had a cavity in her life . 
 must be all that nice organic food the mercers buy . 
 but according to the dental records we got from las vegas , emma paxton has two fillings . 
 right where yours are , as a matter of fact . '' 
 he threw a set of dental x-rays down on the table . 
 emma stared at them dumbly , adrenaline churning through her body . 
 for one wild moment she thought about making a break for it . 
 but then what ? 
 she might make it as far as the hallway , but she was surrounded by cops . 
 the awful realization unfolded : there was no way out of this . 
 she slowly lowered back to her seat . 
 quinlan pulled out his chair and sat as well . 
 he watched her for a moment , his face softening visibly . 
 emma had the impression that he felt almost sorry for her . 
 `` it 's time to tell the truth , miss paxton . 
 come on , why not make this easy on yourself ? '' 
 emma looked down at her fingers on the table in front of her , her mind racing . 
 how much did he already know ? 
 quinlan sighed , pressing his fingertips together thoughtfully in front of him . 
 `` come on , emma . 
 i ca n't help you if you 're not honest with me . '' 
 he opened emma 's file , pulling out the crime scene photos and dropping them on the table in front of her . 
 `` maybe it was just an accident , '' quinlan said gently . 
 `` you girls were in the canyon , you got into some kind of argument . 
 things turned physical , and sutton just ... fell . 
 you did n't mean for it to happen . 
 but you have to help me out , emma . 
 you have to tell me the truth . '' 
 i watched warily . 
 i knew what he was doing from long hours spent in the hot seat myself . 
 he 'd pulled this on me more than once-it must be so hard for you , sutton , being adopted , not knowing who your family is . 
 why do n't you just tell me the truth ? 
 he was trying to manipulate my sister into talking . 
 quinlan 's stone-gray eyes were implacable . 
 before emma had time to process what he was saying , he threw his hands up as if he 'd tried his hardest to reason with her . 
 `` all right . 
 let 's see what 's behind door number one , then . '' 
 his knees popped as he slowly stood up , pushing his chair in behind him . 
 he opened the door a crack and looked outside , holding a low conference with someone in the hall . 
 emma craned her neck , trying to see who was out there , but his body obstructed her view . 
 then the door opened wider , and a female officer propelled alex stokes inside . 
 she was in handcuffs . 
 emma 's jaw dropped . 
 her best friend stood awkwardly in front of her , staring down at the familiar checkerboard-patterned vans she 'd worn every day for the past two years . 
 she was a short , elfin girl , tiny next to the amazonian officer escorting her . 
 she 'd been crying , and her trademark turquoise urban decay liner had smeared across her cheeks . 
 when quinlan gave her a little nudge , she stumbled forward , lifting her tear-filled eyes to meet emma 's . 
 a lead weight seemed to drop on emma 's heart in that moment . 
 alex was in trouble , all because of her . 
 quinlan 's lips curled up in a cruel smile . 
 `` we can get your friend here on a half dozen charges . 
 aiding and abetting , obstructing justice , concealment of a crime . 
 hell , if the judge is feeling creative i might be able to get her as an accomplice to murder one . '' 
 he made a tsking sound . 
 `` we got a search warrant for her phone , and it turns out she 's been in contact with her dear friend emma paxton for the past three months . 
 and emma had all kinds of interesting stories about life in tucson . 
 how close she was with sutton , how great life was with the mercers . 
 the most recent one was ... '' - he made a show of looking at a pile of papers in his hands - '' ... one day ago ! 
 look at that ! '' 
 emma shot to her feet again , anger bubbling up from beneath her fear . 
 `` alex had nothing to do with this . 
 that should be obvious , if you read the texts . '' 
 quinlan shrugged . 
 `` maybe it 's obvious . 
 or maybe you two are talking in code . 
 how can i know , if you have n't told me the truth ? '' 
 emma stared at him , suddenly hot with anger . 
 she clenched her fists , digging her fingernails into the soft skin of her palms . 
 `` i tried to tell you the truth , the day i got here . '' 
 she did n't even have to channel sutton for the attitude ; cold fury squeezed her chest . 
 `` maybe if you 're going to charge alex with anything , you should charge yourself too-with negligence , for not even bothering to look into my story way back in september . '' 
 the room went silent . 
 somewhere down the hall a phone rang over and over . 
 the female officer glanced at quinlan uncertainly . 
 his smirk died away , but as he spoke he did n't break eye contact with emma . 
 `` get her out of here , '' he muttered , jerking his head at alex. the officer hesitated , but when quinlan did n't move , she took alex by the arm and guided her back to the door . 
 emma wanted more than anything to call after her friend , to ask her forgiveness , but she knew she could n't show weakness in front of quinlan now . 
 `` so what 's your story , then ? '' 
 quinlan asked finally , crossing his arms over his chest . 
 `` are n't you going to turn on your little tape recorder for this part of the interview ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 he scowled , reaching down to turn on the machine . 
 she leaned back in her seat . 
 `` i came here to meet sutton at the end of the summer . 
 but she was the one who stood me up in sabino canyon , or so i thought . 
 i waited forever , but she never showed up . 
 madeline vega and the fiorello twins found me on the bench and thought i was sutton . 
 the message had warned me not to say who i was , so i played along . 
 i kept thinking sutton would show up any minute and clear everything up . '' 
 a lump formed in emma 's throat as she thought back to the hopes she 'd had that first night , of meeting sutton , of finding family . 
 of finally fitting in somewhere . 
 tears stung her eyes , but she kept her chin high , refusing to break quinlan 's gaze . 
 `` then i got a note , one that said sutton was dead and i had to play along . 
 i still have the note-that , and the others the killer left . 
 i stitched them inside a purple pillow on sutton 's bed . 
 you can check . '' 
 quinlan gave an impatient grunt . 
 his eyes glittered darkly as he leaned across the table toward her . 
 `` let me tell you what i think . 
 i think you 've been stalking your sister for a long time . 
 i think you 've been watching her on facebook and on twitter . 
 maybe you even took a little road trip here to tucson to watch her . 
 she had everything you wanted , everything you never had yourself-money , popularity , a nice house , a loving family . 
 and you decided to take it . 
 you came out here without luggage , without id , because you knew you would n't need it , because you planned to take over her life . '' 
 emma shook her head violently , but he stabbed at the crime scene photos between them with his index finger . 
 `` you pushed your sister down that ravine . 
 and then it was easy . 
 all you had to do was step into her shoes . 
 you waited one night , then headed to nisha banerjee 's party , calling yourself sutton . 
 luckily for you , your twin was a notorious practical joker , so if anyone suspected anything off , they could chalk it up to some kind of prank . 
 you even came in here pretending to be yourself , so that you could have some semblance of an alibi if you got caught . 
 a smart move , trying to make the truth look like a lie . 
 but not smart enough . '' 
 `` you 're wrong , '' emma said , slamming her hands on the table . 
 she almost surprised herself with the force of her anger . 
 as emma paxton she 'd never talked back to an authority figure . 
 she 'd always been the get-along girl , the foster kid who did n't make trouble , a chameleon who could turn into whatever kind of person the adults in her life needed her to be . 
 now , though , she was possessed of a righteous fury all her own . 
 `` while you 're busy harassing me , the real murderer is getting away with it . 
 do n't you see ? 
 someone 's setting me up . '' 
 quinlan gave her a long , measured look . 
 then he squared his jaw . 
 `` i 'm not going to lie . 
 sutton mercer was a pain in my ass . '' 
 his gravelly voice was almost deadly calm . 
 suddenly the room was so quiet she could hear the second hand on quinlan 's watch ticking . 
 `` but she was just a kid . 
 she did n't deserve what happened to her . 
 i ca n't prove you killed her . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 but i 'm going to make it my mission to dog your steps until you slip up . 
 because you will , emma . 
 criminals always do . '' 
 `` so can i go ? '' 
 emma asked , her voice shaking but clear . 
 quinlan nodded . 
 `` sure . 
 we need both your blackberry and sutton 's iphone , though . 
 and we 're impounding sutton 's car for clues . 
 someone at the front desk can give you a ride wherever you 're heading tonight . 
 i hope it goes without saying that you should n't think about skipping town . '' 
 emma gave a jerky nod . 
 `` what about alex ? 
 are you going to charge her with anything ? '' 
 `` we have n't decided yet . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` that 'll depend on how well you cooperate with us . 
 tonight she 's probably going home to her mom . 
 we 're not planning to charge her yet . 
 but we 're keeping an eye on her . '' 
 another surge of guilt swept through emma at the thought of alex 's mom worrying , her face tight and anxious . 
 she stood up and picked up her purse . 
 from behind her , quinlan 's voice came again , this time with a taunting edge . 
 `` i believe this is the part of your prank where everyone jumps out and says ` gotcha , ' miss paxton . '' 
 she turned to stare at him , and saw that he was smiling again . 
 `` the cat 's out of the bag . 
 everyone in town is about to find out about the lies you 've been telling-and that includes the mercers . 
 this game you 've been playing , it 's over . '' 
 he opened the door to the interrogation room and bowed her out into the hall . 
 i would have been almost touched by quinlan 's determination to bring my killer to justice , if he had n't been acting like such a total moron . 
 it was bad enough that i was dead . 
 now the cops were going to go after the wrong person on top of that . 
 20 there 's no place like home emma did n't know how she 'd made it to the front desk a few minutes later . 
 all the fury had leached out of her , and her limbs felt like they were made of stone , so heavy and stiff she could n't believe she was able to move them at all . 
 she stood in a fog while a receptionist with purple acrylic nails paged an officer to take her home . 
 finally , a tall cop with buzz-cut auburn hair seemed to appear out of nowhere . 
 his name badge said corcoran . 
 `` emma paxton ? '' 
 she nodded silently . 
 he gestured for her to follow him , and together they walked through the double glass doors . 
 the sun had set . 
 beyond the parking lot , rush-hour traffic crawled past , brake lights glinting red in the gloom . 
 corcoran did n't talk much as he drove emma to the mercers ' . 
 as they glided past shops and salons decorated in green and red for the holidays , she stared out the window , half listening to the crackle of chatter from the cop 's radio . '' 
 ... report of vandalism at the snack 'n' shack on valencia , '' a muffled female voice was saying . 
 `` unit fifty-three , please report . '' 
 `` so did you do it ? '' 
 she turned to look at the officer , giving him an are-you-serious grimace . 
 did he think she was going to offhandedly confess to a beat cop-if she had done it-after quinlan had already interrogated her ? 
 but he was staring straight ahead at the road with an earnest frown , like some part of the situation just did n't add up . 
 `` i was a foster kid , too , '' he said matter-of-factly . 
 `` here in tucson . '' 
 she nodded mutely , unsure what he was getting at . 
 `` i do n't know why it is , but people do n't trust you if you do n't have family . 
 even if it is n't your fault . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` you become a scapegoat for everything that happens , just because you do n't fit into the natural order . '' 
 emma swallowed hard . 
 she looked back out the window , not trusting herself to speak . 
 were they trying to good-cop her now , trying to get her to confess just because some cute guy , close to her own age , was acting like he understood what she was going through ? 
 but corcoran had fallen silent , like he 'd said his piece and that was all he had to say . 
 when they turned the corner onto the mercers ' street , emma 's jaw dropped . 
 the place was swarming with reporters . 
 the whole street was lit up like a ballpark , a dozen vans lining either side of the road . 
 reporters checked their makeup in the side mirrors on cars and ran through their lines , beard-stubbled men with giant cameras hoisted on their shoulders trailing in their wake . 
 it looked like the mercers ' neighbor , mr. paulson , was being interviewed in his driveway by a man with his hair plastered in a ken-doll coif . 
 other reporters seemed to be mid-broadcast , using the mercers ' house as a backdrop . 
 i 'd always dreamed of being famous , of having paparazzi follow me home and beg me for interviews . 
 but this definitely was n't what i had in mind . 
 `` stay where you are , '' corcoran said to emma , putting the car in park in the middle of the street . 
 he opened his car door . 
 the moment he did , the cacophony of dozens of voices filled the squad car . 
 `` are you emma paxton , or sutton mercer ? '' 
 `` emma , why 'd you do it ? '' 
 `` did anyone help you kill your sister ? '' 
 corcoran did n't even look at them . 
 he walked around to the passenger-side door and opened it , standing protectively in front of emma to keep the shouting reporters at a slight distance . 
 she met the officer 's eyes . 
 they were calm , clear blue , and while she could n't tell if he believed her story or not , she could see a stubborn conviction there . 
 this guy wanted her to be treated fairly , she realized . 
 whether or not she was innocent , whether or not she had lied , he wanted her to have a fair shake . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded , suddenly feeling a little stronger . 
 he might not be her ally-but for the moment , he was close enough . 
 he helped her to her feet , then guided her quickly through the crowd . 
 `` emma ! 
 did you really think you 'd get away with it ? '' 
 `` do you think your mom 's mental illness is genetic ? '' 
 `` did sutton put up a fight ? '' 
 corcoran stood at the edge of the yard , his arms crossed over his chest . 
 `` go on , then , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll stay here 'til you get inside . '' 
 she nodded , staring longingly at the mercers ' front door . 
 all she wanted was to be inside , to sit down with her family and tell them everything , as they 'd already done with her . 
 as she walked up the driveway , she could hear the manic clicking of the photographers ' cameras all around her . 
 a man in a dark red blazer tried to launch himself past corcoran , microphone stretched out toward her-but the officer grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and jerked him back . 
 emma reached the porch and stood in front of the oak door with its lion-shaped knocker . 
 she pulled out her keys , then fumbled and dropped them with a resounding clatter on the porch . 
 cheeks burning , she bent to pick them up . 
 but when she went to unlock the door , the key would n't fit . 
 her heart tightened in the half second before she consciously understood . 
 the locks had been changed . 
 she was n't welcome . 
 i stared down at the keys in my sister 's hand . 
 my house key had purple nail polish painted across the top , so i could always differentiate it from the others . 
 how many times had i used it without ever realizing how lucky i was to have a home to go to ? 
 how many times had i let myself in , never realizing what a privilege it was ? 
 her hand trembling , emma rang the doorbell . 
 inside she could hear drake barking , deep and hoarse . 
 the blinds were all drawn tight , but it looked like every light in the house was blazing-blades of yellow cut through the slats . 
 something rustled behind the door . 
 she waited . 
 behind her , the reporters were yelling questions , drowning each other out so they generated a loud , indeterminate roar . 
 corcoran stood at the curb with his arms crossed over his chest , staring stoically out at the crowd . 
 suddenly a voice came from behind the door . 
 `` you ca n't stay here . '' 
 mrs. mercer 's voice was nasal and stuffy . 
 it was obvious she 'd been crying . 
 `` please , mrs. mercer , i just want to explain . '' 
 she did n't want to plead her case here on the doorstep , with the press watching and taking pictures . 
 she leaned toward the door , hoping to hide her face from their cameras . 
 `` please just give me a chance to explain . '' 
 the door jerked open without warning . 
 my heart wrenched at the sight of my mother standing in the light-filled entryway , her face blotchy with tears . 
 a frenzied , wild expression contorted her features , grief and rage twisting together . 
 she still wore her work clothes , gray tweed slacks and a pink shell top , but she was barefoot and disheveled . 
 she stared at emma like she barely recognized her . 
 `` i want you gone , '' she said shrilly , her eyes blazing . 
 `` mrs. mercer , please ... '' `` you 're just like your mother , '' hissed the older woman . 
 emma took an involuntary step back . 
 `` you 're both liars . 
 you 're both insane . 
 you do n't care who you hurt , as long as you get your way . '' 
 `` i 'm not like becky ! '' 
 emma gasped . 
 a sense of desperation clawed at her chest . 
 she had to make her grandmother understand . 
 `` i 'm sorry i lied to you . 
 i 'm so sorry , but i had no choice ! '' 
 mrs. mercer gave a strangled sob , tears collecting at the corners of her eyes . 
 `` you had a choice , and you made it . '' 
 a dark shape moved at the back of the hallway , like someone was around the corner listening . 
 emma craned her neck to see who it was . 
 `` where 's da - where 's mr. mercer ? 
 can i talk to him ? '' 
 her grandmother shook her head violently . 
 `` no , you ca n't . 
 he does n't want to speak with you . 
 not after what you 've done to us . '' 
 `` but if you 'll listen for just ... '' mrs. mercer 's breath was fast and shuddering . 
 she moved quickly , lunging toward emma . 
 emma flinched , almost anticipating a blow . 
 but instead of striking her , mrs. mercer wrestled the kate spade hobo bag off emma 's shoulder . 
 `` this is my daughter 's purse , '' she sobbed , tears flooding down her cheeks . 
 then she grabbed emma 's jacket in her fists , pulling it out of her arms . 
 `` and her coat . 
 not yours . '' 
 emma stood motionless , her lip trembling . 
 she did n't struggle . 
 she did n't have the heart to . 
 mrs. mercer was right . 
 none of this belonged to her . 
 not the clothes , not the house-and not the family . 
 she had nothing of her own . 
 `` now get the hell off my property , '' mrs. mercer spat . 
 i 'd never heard my mother curse before , not even when she was at her most frustrated . 
 the sound of it now filled me with fear . 
 she was acting like a different person . 
 it was like the old mom , the one i 'd loved so much , who had taken me for ice cream the day i got my first period and who 'd watched old romantic comedies with me on rainy , lazy sundays , was gone . 
 all that was left was this bitter , angry shell of a woman . 
 suddenly i realized that this was what my death would mean to my family-that this was n't some adolescent fantasy where i 'd get to hear everyone say nice things about me at my funeral and then ride a cloud to heaven . 
 my mother had just realized that she 'd lost me , and it was destroying her . 
 this was my murderer 's - garrett 's - legacy . 
 mrs. mercer started to close the door in emma 's face , but before she shut it all the way she paused . 
 `` tell me one thing . '' 
 her voice was lower now , very soft . 
 `` anything , '' emma whispered . 
 her grandmother 's eyes flitted over emma 's face , searching for something . 
 emma was n't sure what . 
 `` did you do it ? 
 what they say you did ? '' 
 emma took a deep , shuddering breath . 
 `` no . '' 
 mrs. mercer stared at her silently , her blue eyes , so much like emma 's own , suddenly soft . 
 emma wanted to say more , but she could n't figure out where to start . 
 she wanted to tell mrs. mercer how badly she had wanted to meet sutton . 
 how sorry she was , how scared she 'd been , how desperately she 'd wanted to tell the truth all this time . 
 more than anything , she wanted to tell her how the last few months had felt like someone else 's dream-that she had never had family like this , and that it 'd meant more to her than anything . 
 but before she could speak , mrs. mercer 's expression hardened once more , and she gave a strangled cry . 
 `` i just do n't know how i can believe you . '' 
 she gave emma a long , searching look , her eyes wounded . 
 then she slammed the door . 
 the lock clicked shut . 
 slowly , emma turned to face the street . 
 corcoran resolutely watched the reporters . 
 they were in a frenzy , microphones bristling from the crowd , her name the only word she could make out in their screams . 
 step by step , she walked back down the slate path . 
 she felt like she was moving through deep water , her body slow and heavy . 
 a microphone appeared under emma 's chin . 
 she looked up to see the local reporter who had been covering both nisha 's and sutton 's deaths , now in a cobalt blue suit . 
 her hair was even bigger in person than it looked on tv . 
 `` tricia melendez from channel five . 
 can you tell me whether the rumors are true ? 
 are you the girl who was presumed dead ? '' 
 corcoran forced a way through the crowd , looking menacingly at the reporters on either side of him . 
 they parted when they saw his uniform . 
 he put a hand on emma 's back and pushed her gently toward the car . 
 once they were safely inside , he looked at her . 
 `` where can i take you ? '' 
 she hesitated . 
 ethan 's face bloomed in her mind , but involving him was the last thing she wanted . 
 she 'd already gotten alex in trouble . 
 she did n't want anyone else to suffer because of her . 
 but she did n't have anywhere else to go . 
 she gave corcoran ethan 's address . 
 i looked out the rear window . 
 my home receded into the distance , smaller and smaller until finally we turned a corner ... and it was gone . 
 a sick , empty feeling opened inside of me . 
 my mother did n't know that in banishing emma , she was banishing me , too . 
 it had been hard enough , not being able to touch my family or talk to them . 
 now i could n't even watch them . 
 it was like i was losing them all over again . 
 21 shelter from the storm emma gripped the sides of the squad car 's passenger seat as the officer sped around a corner . 
 she craned her neck to look behind them at the reporters trailing in their wake , news vans and cheap rental cars harrying the cop 's bumper like a pack of hungry wolves . 
 she glanced at corcoran . 
 his lips were pursed in a tight , stoic line . 
 `` is there any way to keep them from following us ? '' 
 she asked , her voice barely a whisper . 
 corcoran did n't answer . 
 his eyes flickered up to the rearview mirror . 
 then , without warning , he jerked the steering wheel into a hairpin turn , down an alley that ran behind a starbucks and a mediterranean deli . 
 emma watched three vans streak past . 
 his hands steady on the wheel , he then floored the gas , and with an angry squeal of tires the squad car shot through the intersection just as the light turned red . 
 i thought suddenly of the times that mads and thayer and i had played grand theft auto on our old playstation , back before i ever even thought thayer was cute . 
 this was even better . 
 but emma did n't seem so happy . 
 her pulse throbbed wildly in her ears , and she was clutching the door handle , her eyes wide . 
 `` that was some driving , '' she mumbled . 
 the hint of a smile flitted across corcoran 's lips , but he did n't say a word . 
 they drove the rest of the way to ethan 's in a circuitous route , making a wide loop to get back to the catalina foothills where he lived . 
 emma watched corcoran out of the corner of her eye as he drove . 
 she was n't sure what to make of him , but he 'd certainly gone out of his way to protect her from the reporters , which was more than quinlan would have done . 
 corcoran pulled up outside of ethan 's house and put the car in park . 
 she sat for a moment , staring up at the faded bungalow , the porch light casting a feeble glow over the steps and the swing . 
 `` i 'll wait until you 're inside , '' corcoran said . 
 `` thanks , '' she said softly . 
 she let herself out of the car and started up to the house . 
 before she 'd made it halfway up the walk , the door burst open . 
 ethan ran down the steps to meet her , a worried frown on his face . 
 his hair looked ink-black in the darkness , but his face was pale . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` the cops know . '' 
 she stumbled , suddenly feeling faint . 
 ethan grabbed her in his arms and steadied her . 
 `` quinlan figured out that i 'm not sutton , using my dental records . 
 he has my friend alex from henderson-he knows i 've been texting her as emma all this time . '' 
 ethan gave a sharp intake of breath . 
 `` and they think you did it ? '' 
 she nodded , rubbing her eyes with a fist . 
 his arms were strong around her , her cheek pressed flat to his chest . 
 his t-shirt had a mexican sugar skull screen-printed across the front , and she found herself staring into its hollow eyes . 
 it made her think of the crime scene pictures all over again , of her sister 's body ravaged by time and elements . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut against the thought , breathing in ethan 's warm vanilla smell . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 she looked up to see that corcoran 's car was still there . 
 she felt a little rush of gratitude . 
 it was too dark to see the man 's face behind the windshield , but she knew he was waiting to make sure she was all right . 
 `` they kept sutton 's car to search for evidence , so he tried to take me home . 
 but ... the mercers ... '' her lip trembled . 
 `` they 're furious , ethan . 
 they think i killed sutton . '' 
 his chest rose and fell beneath her as he sighed . 
 `` come on , '' he said , leading her up the stairs and through the front door . 
 ethan 's house gave off an aura of genteel neglect . 
 the hardwood floors were scuffed but squeaky clean . 
 the decor was dated-the floral wallpaper had a `` grandma 's house '' kind of feel-and the air smelled stale , as if the windows had been closed for a long time . 
 there was no clutter anywhere , no piled-up mail or half-folded stack of laundry . 
 emma felt dizzy , and her knees buckled . 
 `` let 's go into the kitchen , '' ethan said quickly , catching her . 
 `` you look like you need a glass of water . '' 
 he led her down a short hallway into the landrys ' kitchen . 
 unlike the mercers ' pineapple-themed , cheerful kitchen , this one felt empty and soulless , with a few mismatched tea towels and a plain gray countertop . 
 a two-year-old calendar featuring a picture of a persian cat hung on the wall , flipped to march . 
 they did n't notice ethan 's mother until they turned on the light . 
 she 'd been sitting in the dark at a square table by the window , still and silent . 
 she was bone-thin , her hair flat and dull , the corners of her eyes crumpled like parchment . 
 when they came in she gave a small , startled jump . 
 `` hi , mrs. landry , '' emma said nervously . 
 she was n't sure how much ethan 's mother knew-did she follow the news ? 
 would she welcome someone at the center of so much drama into her home ? 
 the woman did n't say anything but stared silently at emma for several beats . 
 emma did n't know if it was her imagination or not , but she thought she detected a glint of fear in the woman 's eyes . 
 she knows , emma thought , her heart sinking . 
 or at least she knows what i 've been accused of . 
 after a moment , mrs. landry got slowly to her feet and scuttled wordlessly toward the hall . 
 ethan did n't even look at his mother as she nudged past . 
 he pulled out a chair for emma and gently pushed her into it . 
 `` are you going to be in trouble for having me here ? '' 
 she asked tremulously . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he said . 
 `` my mom just ... is n't used to having guests . 
 she 'll get over it . '' 
 though they rarely talked about it , emma knew ethan had a strained relationship with his mom . 
 his dad had basically bailed when mrs. landry got cancer , and ethan had taken care of her throughout the whole ordeal . 
 but when his dad started abusing mrs. landry , and ethan hit his father to make him stop , she called the cops on ethan , not on his dad . 
 emma knew all of this only because she 'd found ethan 's psych file a few weeks ago while looking for becky 's , and he 'd confessed the whole story . 
 so many unhappy families , she thought sadly . 
 as ethan started to pour her a cup of water , emma turned away-and saw sutton 's ghost looking back at her . 
 she nearly jumped out of her chair . 
 but then she looked again-and of course it was n't sutton 's ghost . 
 it was emma 's reflection , haunted and pale in the glass of the window that looked out into the dark night . 
 her hair was tangled , her face smeared with tears . 
 ethan handed her the water . 
 it was in a keepsake glass printed with a picture of miss piggy on a motorcycle . 
 `` there 's more , '' emma said . 
 `` ethan , garrett was in the canyon that night . 
 i saw the file for the murder case while quinlan was out of the room . 
 his car was in the parking lot . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` you 're sure it was his ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` and this afternoon , before i went to the cops , i went to his house . '' 
 ethan sputtered , spitting out the mouthful he 'd just sipped . 
 `` you what ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you first , '' she said quickly , `` but i 'm done playing the game by garrett 's rules . 
 it 's time to go on the offensive . 
 anyway , i talked to louisa . 
 she said that he came home really upset the night sutton died , that he was out of control . 
 and ethan ... he has a prescription for valium . '' 
 she dropped her voice again . 
 `` that 's what was in nisha 's bloodstream when she died . '' 
 my mind flashed back to the look of rage on garrett 's face , that night in the canyon . 
 i knew why he 'd killed me-he was in a jealous rage after he caught me with thayer . 
 but nisha 's death seemed less of a heat-of-the-moment act ; drugging her and pushing her in the pool would have required deliberation and planning . 
 what made him decide she needed to die ? 
 a worried frown creased ethan 's brow . 
 `` you should n't have gone to his house . 
 he 's been warning you to stop looking for answers . 
 what 's he going to do when his mom or his sister tell him you were there ? '' 
 emma smacked her palm on the table in frustration . 
 `` ethan , what else can he do to me ? 
 i 'm already wanted for sutton 's murder . 
 if i ca n't prove that he killed her soon , i 'm going to jail ... and he 'll walk free . 
 i ca n't let that happen . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said , rubbing his face roughly with his hands . 
 `` i just hate that you took a risk like that . '' 
 he stared down into his water glass . 
 `` everything points to garrett , does n't it ? '' 
 emma nodded . 
 all of the pieces fit-and from what she 'd seen of garrett 's temper , it was easy to believe that he was capable of murder . 
 `` but i still do n't have anything to take to the cops . '' 
 `` what about that key ? '' 
 he asked , leaning back in his chair . 
 emma felt in her jeans pocket , where the tiny silver key hugged her hip . 
 she held it in the palm of her hand , squinting to try to make out what was etched on the metal tag it was attached to . 
 `` it 's too small for a car or a house . 
 what could this go to ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` for all we know it could be for his bike chain or something . '' 
 `` i do n't know , emma . '' 
 ethan tapped the back of the tag , where the unmistakable s.m. was scratched . 
 `` those are her initials . '' 
 they sat in silence for a moment , the key on the table between them . 
 the events of the evening swirled furiously around emma 's head . 
 in just a few hours , she 'd lost the place she 'd learned to call home , and the family she had come to love . 
 `` what am i going to do ? '' 
 she asked softly , tracing a line of condensation on her glass . 
 `` i do n't have any money , anywhere to go . 
 the few things i brought to tucson are now evidence , and everything else was sutton 's . 
 i do n't even have a change of clothes . '' 
 ethan put a hand on her knee , squeezing it almost painfully . 
 `` you 're going to stay here . 
 at least until we can get this sorted out . '' 
 `` ethan , no . 
 i ca n't put you in any danger . 
 alex is already in trouble for helping me . 
 and what about your mom ? 
 she does n't want me here . '' 
 ethan set down his glass and gazed at her , an earnest , tender expression on his face . 
 `` emma , i love you . 
 i know no one has ever stood beside you when you were in trouble , but no matter what it takes , i 'm going to make you believe that i 'm the one who will do that . 
 i 'm not leaving you . '' 
 her heart gave a violent thump . 
 ethan was right-she had never depended on anyone in her life . 
 after being abandoned by becky , and surviving the stream of disappointing foster parents who followed , emma had learned early on to rely on no one but herself . 
 her friendships and relationships had mostly been short and shallow , easily made and easily broken . 
 until ethan . 
 `` i do n't want you involved , '' she whispered . 
 `` they 're going to charge alex with aiding and abetting-maybe even conspiracy . 
 they could get you on the same things . '' 
 he pulled her close . 
 `` nothing will happen to me . '' 
 he tilted her chin up gently , gazing into her eyes . 
 `` stay with me . 
 let me help you through this , and protect you . '' 
 emma sighed and curled up against his chest contentedly . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'd do without you . '' 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 i do n't know what i 'd do without you . 
 god , emma ... '' his dark-blue eyes were wide and earnest . 
 `` i do n't think i ever understood love until i met you . '' 
 she laced her fingers through his , her heart singing in her chest . 
 `` so you 'll stay ? '' 
 he asked , stroking her wrist with his fingertips . 
 she shivered , and for the first time in days it was n't in fear . 
 `` i 'll stay , '' she murmured . 
 `` it 's settled then . '' 
 his face broke into a crooked grin , and he took her hand . 
 `` want to go watch some tv , to take your mind off things ? '' 
 as she followed ethan down the hall , emma suddenly wondered-where would she be sleeping tonight ? 
 her cheeks grew warm as she pictured ethan 's full-sized bed with its smooth , carefully tucked covers . 
 would they be sharing it ? 
 the living room 's walls had been painted a dusty rose color , a fussy vine pattern stenciled along the top in dark green . 
 a clock with pictures of different american birds in place of the numerals hung over the tv , and an ornate gilded mirror loomed above a drafty fireplace , doubling the room in its reflection . 
 like the rest of the house , the room was spotlessly clean , though bare patches showed on the arms of the blue chintz sofa , and the flowered rug was mottled with stains . 
 emma sat down next to ethan , curling her legs up under her and snuggling into his shoulder . 
 the tv popped on with a loud hum-and almost immediately , nisha banerjee 's pictures came into focus on the screen . 
 emma 's breath caught in her chest at the sight . 
 `` police say the intruder knew the alarm code to the banerjees ' house , so the alarm was not triggered . 
 however , mr. banerjee was home at the time , and he saw the masked intruder before he or she managed to escape , '' said a familiar brisk voice . 
 it was tricia melendez , reporting the evening news . 
 a scowl creased ethan 's forehead . 
 `` i wanted to take your mind off this , '' he muttered , fumbling for the remote . 
 she grabbed his arm . 
 `` wait , '' she whispered . 
 tricia melendez continued . 
 `` officers responded to the scene within minutes , but the perpetrator had already fled the premises . 
 the only information dr. banerjee could provide was that the figure looked at least six feet tall and was wearing a dark hooded sweatshirt . '' 
 the camera cut to quinlan , his face deeply lined beneath the camera 's bright lights . 
 `` it 's possible this was some kind of prank . 
 miss banerjee 's death was a high-profile case , and unfortunately that can occasionally attract some petty harassment . 
 luckily nothing was taken or disturbed . '' 
 emma gaped openmouthed at the screen , then jumped suddenly to her feet , running to the window and fumbling at the avocado-colored curtains . 
 the banerjee house stood silent and dark next door . 
 she could see nisha 's window , the drapes pale and ghostly in the moonlight . 
 `` do you know what this means ? '' 
 emma exclaimed . 
 her reflection stared excitedly back at her . 
 she felt ethan move behind her and turned to meet his eyes . 
 `` this means garrett still does n't have whatever nisha was hiding . '' 
 she gripped the sleeve of ethan 's shirt . 
 `` the evidence is still there ! '' 
 ethan blanched , the color leaching from his cheeks . 
 `` jesus , '' he murmured . 
 `` emma , i hope you 're not thinking of breaking in , too . 
 dr. banerjee will never let you in now that he knows who you are . '' 
 but a flash of energy flared through emma . 
 finally , after being helpless for so long , she 'd found the break she 'd been looking for . 
 whatever nisha had , garrett had murdered her because of it . 
 surely it would prove he had killed sutton , if not both girls . 
 `` we have to go over there , '' she said . 
 `` we should go now , before garrett figures out a way back into the house . '' 
 she was halfway to the door when ethan 's hand gripped her wrist , spinning her back around to face him . 
 `` are you crazy ? '' 
 he asked , his voice hoarse with emotion . 
 `` emma , garrett was here . 
 one house away . 
 he ran away once he realized dr. banerjee was home , but he 's not going to make the same mistake again . 
 and if he sees you trying to get into nisha 's house , who knows what he 'll do ? '' 
 she stared at him incredulously . 
 `` there 's something in nisha 's house that could end this . 
 it 's worth the risk ! '' 
 she pressed his hand in both of hers . 
 `` if i can solve this case , i 'll be free . 
 you and i can be together without all this ... this craziness hanging over our heads . '' 
 ethan 's lips turned downward as he grabbed her by her shoulders . 
 `` if garrett sees you over there , he 'll kill you . 
 emma , please . '' 
 he took a deep , shaking breath , and then exhaled . 
 `` besides , garrett 's not the only one watching you . 
 if the cops catch you trying to break in , they 'll find a way to put you in jail . 
 you said yourself they 're just looking for a reason . '' 
 emma glanced back at the widow , frustration mounting inside of her . 
 the answers were so near , and yet she still could n't get them . 
 but maybe ethan was right . 
 she was being watched too closely . 
 reluctantly , she sank into the sofa , her hands curled into fists . 
 but at least there was hope . 
 in the window , the ghost of sutton blinked back at her , hopeful and terrified . 
 i promise we 'll solve this , she thought desperately , hoping her sister could hear her . 
 and then , as she watched , tiny patches of sutton 's face began to fall away , as though she were decomposing . 
 emma stood and took a step forward to the window . 
 it was raining . 
 the raindrops were hitting the window , breaking up her reflection in the glass and destroying the tentative moment of connection she 'd felt with her dead twin . 
 you 're being silly , sutton was n't here at all , she tried to tell herself , though she could n't shake the sudden and acute sense of loss . 
 `` i 'm with you , '' i whispered . 
 as always , my voice disappeared into the wide breach between us . 
 but it made me feel better to say it out loud . 
 now that she was barred from my home , emma was all i had . 
 we were in this together-whether she knew it or not . 
 22 emma non grata emma and ethan spent the weekend mostly in hiding . 
 it seemed like corcoran 's defensive driving had worked ; none of the media showed up on the landrys ' doorstep . 
 still , they did n't want to tempt fate , so they drew the blinds and avoided the windows , curling up on the couch to watch a star trek marathon on cable . 
 every now and then they 'd stop to sift through the details of the case or get a snack . 
 the kitchen was n't very well stocked , but they had enough for stacks of sandwiches , and on saturday emma showed ethan her secret recipe for making jarred pasta sauce taste homemade : olive oil , a sprinkle of sugar , and a tiny splash of vodka . 
 on sunday , they disguised emma in an old flowered shirtdress that belonged to ethan 's mother so they could go to goodwill incognito . 
 ethan even produced a blonde farrah fawcett-style wig from the back of mrs. landry 's closet . 
 they both laughed at her reflection in the mirror-she looked like she 'd been stuck in a bomb shelter since the late seventies . 
 but when they went out she was glad for the disguise . 
 for the first time in a long while , no one paid any attention to her at all , either as super-popular sutton or as accused-murderer emma . 
 but on monday , emma knew there would be no disguise that could get her through the day at hollier . 
 she stood at the mirror of the landrys ' hallway bathroom , braiding her hair into a long side plait , a style she would never have worn as sutton . 
 for the first time in months she was dressed like herself , in a faded blue-and-white raglan t-shirt and a pair of perfectly distressed rag and bone jeans she 'd scored for five bucks . 
 as she looked at her reflection , she felt somehow vulnerable and exposed . 
 she 'd been hiding behind sutton 's persona for months now , her real self a secret that she revealed only to ethan . 
 now everyone would see the real her . 
 the thought was strangely terrifying . 
 she had n't had the guts to reach out to any of sutton 's friends . 
 her relationship with them was built on a lie-and now they knew it . 
 a soft knock came at the door . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 ethan asked . 
 `` ready as i 'll ever be , '' she replied , opening the door . 
 he smiled at her , grabbing the end of her braid and tugging lightly . 
 `` it 's kind of weird , seeing you like this . 
 like seeing sutton in emma-drag . '' 
 `` i know , '' she admitted . 
 `` i feel like i 'm still playing a role . '' 
 ethan shrugged . 
 `` we all play roles . 
 you just have to find the one that you like best . '' 
 she poked him in the ribs . 
 `` what role are you playing ? '' 
 he put on a mock-hurt expression . 
 `` prince charming , obviously . '' 
 laughing , emma followed him down the hall to the entryway . 
 staying with ethan was the silver lining to this whole nightmare . 
 she 'd never spent so much time with a boy before , but it just felt ... right . 
 a perfect fit . 
 on the way to school ethan played an old arcade fire album , humming under his breath . 
 emma idly opened and closed the glove compartment . 
 she tried to steel herself for whatever would come . 
 the area around the student parking lot was clotted with news vans . 
 emma had anticipated this . 
 she put on her shades and pulled the hood of her sweatshirt up over her head . 
 `` you look like the unabomber , '' ethan said . 
 `` at least they wo n't be able to see my face , '' she replied . 
 dozens of students milled about among the reporters , trying to get on tv . 
 emma saw celeste echols speaking into a microphone that tricia melendez held under her chin , and she groaned aloud . 
 celeste had been saying something was wrong with her `` aura '' since they first met . 
 she would be insufferable now . 
 ethan parked the car , and they stepped out into the pallid winter morning . 
 a crescent moon still hung low on the horizon . 
 she met ethan 's questioning glance with a determined , let 's - get-this-over-with nod . 
 the students loitering in the parking lot stared at her baldly . 
 a crowd of muscular guys hanging out around a ford f-250 stopped body-slamming each other to gawk as she walked past . 
 two twiggy freshman girls scuttled out of her way as if she 'd menaced them . 
 she caught sight of a half dozen girls from the tennis team clustered near the flagpole . 
 they fell silent as she approached , their faces pale and eyes wide . 
 ethan took her hand , and she squeezed back , trying not to look right or left . 
 she focused on walking slowly and deliberately , though a part of her just wanted to bolt toward the glass double doors to the school . 
 then she saw who was waiting in the entryway . 
 principal ambrose stood with her arms crossed over her chest and her legs planted wide . 
 she wore a zebra-striped suit coat and a pair of purple trousers . 
 her skin was usually dull and sagging , but today she 'd put on turquoise eye shadow up to her eyebrows . 
 i had the distinct impression that ambrose had dressed up for the media attention . 
 i could just hear her saying sutton mercer was such a special girl , with tears in her eyes . 
 so effervescent ! 
 i 'd like to think i was something of a mentor to her . 
 never mind that the only times ambrose talked to me were the handful of times i 'd been busted for a lying game stunt . 
 emma stopped uncertainly a few feet in front of the principal . 
 she glanced at ethan , who 'd gone strangely pale , then back to ms. ambrose . 
 the principal 's lips were pressed into a single thin line . 
 `` you will not be allowed on the premises , '' she said in a smug voice . 
 `` emma paxton is not registered at hollier . '' 
 emma blinked , stunned . 
 `` but ... what about school ? '' 
 ms. ambrose shrugged . 
 `` i expect they 'll let you get your ged in prison . 
 now please leave , before i report you for trespassing . '' 
 the crowd surrounding emma went absolutely quiet , a hundred pairs of ears straining so that they could later report everything they 'd seen and heard . 
 `` can i at least clean out my locker ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 her palms were suddenly moist with sweat . 
 she let go of ethan and grabbed her backpack straps in each hand . 
 `` those are n't your things , '' ms. ambrose said simply . 
 `` the police have confiscated the contents of miss mercer 's locker . '' 
 emma took two steps back , tears stinging her eyes . 
 how could she be so stupid ? 
 she should have expected this . 
 she turned to run when ethan caught her hand . 
 `` here , '' he said , pressing his car keys into her palm . 
 `` go home . 
 call me if you need anything . '' 
 with that , he planted a firm , ostentatious kiss on her lips . 
 then he pulled away , giving the principal a defiant smirk , and shouldered past her into the school . 
 bolstered by ethan 's kiss , emma turned and walked with as much dignity as she could back toward ethan 's civic . 
 she was so focused on getting out of there that when madeline and charlotte stepped in front of her , it took her a moment to process . 
 she stopped in her tracks . 
 madeline looked as unkempt as emma had ever seen her . 
 her hair was loose and unstyled , and while her balletic frame normally seemed willowy and graceful , the shadows under her eyes gave her a skeletal look . 
 charlotte stood next to her , her face pale beneath her freckles . 
 she had n't put on makeup at all . 
 `` tell us it 's a prank , '' madeline said , her voice tremulous . 
 `` please . 
 tell us it 's the best one yet . '' 
 emma stared at sutton 's best friends , wishing desperately that she could tell them what they wanted to hear . 
 even though their friendship was built on a lie , she 'd grown to genuinely care about the girls . 
 underneath the petty jealousies and pranks , the lying game girls were fiercely loyal to one another . 
 emma was n't quite sure when she 'd stopped thinking of them as sutton 's friends and started thinking of them as her own-but like everything else of sutton 's , they were n't hers at all . 
 emma looked down at her shoes , avoiding madeline 's gaze . 
 `` it 's not a prank , '' she said softly . 
 a sharp pain cut across her cheek as madeline slapped her . 
 `` you bitch ! '' 
 she shrieked , her voice a full octave above its normal range . 
 `` what did you do to my best friend ? '' 
 emma reached a hand to her stinging cheek , blinking back tears . 
 the two girls swam in her vision for a moment before a tear finally fell . 
 `` you guys have to believe me , '' emma pleaded . 
 `` i did n't do what they say i did . 
 i did n't mean for this to happen-i never wanted to lie to you . '' 
 charlotte had gone even paler under her freckles . 
 her eyebrows were bright reddish-gold without her makeup , and they made her look wild-eyed . 
 `` we trusted you , '' she hissed . 
 `` we told you all kinds of secrets , let you ride in our cars , let you in our houses ... after you killed our best friend ! '' 
 `` i did n't kill anyone ! '' 
 emma 's voice came out louder than she 'd intended , reverberating around the parking lot . 
 a few feet away a little conference of pigeons took wing at the sudden noise . 
 she took a deep breath and said more softly , `` i 've been trying to figure out what happened to sutton since i got here . 
 if you help me , we might be able to figure it out together . '' 
 madeline gave a bitter bark of laughter . 
 `` help you ? 
 you 've got some nerve . 
 what makes you think we 'd help someone who 's been lying to us for months ? '' 
 `` madeline , we created an entire game about lying , '' i shouted , annoyed . 
 `` and you have to help her ! 
 she 's my only hope ! '' 
 but obviously i did n't get a vote this time . 
 `` i hope you rot in jail , '' charlotte said , her lip curling upward . 
 `` and i hope you dream of sutton every night for the rest of your life . 
 i hope she haunts you until you die . '' 
 then she headed back toward the school entrance without glancing back . 
 madeline gave emma one last look of loathing , and then turned to follow char . 
 emma stood frozen , watching them go , until she realized that the entire parking lot full of students was staring at her . 
 with a nervous glance around , she quickly let herself into ethan 's car and locked the doors . 
 in the rearview mirror she could see the entrance to the school . 
 principal ambrose still stood there , staring daggers at her . 
 most of the students started streaming toward the door now that the show was over . 
 the clock on the dash read 7:58 . 
 the bell was about to ring . 
 suddenly , emma picked one face out of the crowd as if a spotlight shone over him . 
 garrett stood alone in the shadow of a ten-foot saguaro cactus growing in the desert-scaped bed separating the school from the parking lot . 
 his eyes were honed onto my sister like a laser beam . 
 he stared at her for a long moment , his face motionless . 
 i stared at him right back , wishing i could unleash the full force of my anger on him . 
 i might have been taken in by those eyes when i was alive , but now that i was dead i knew the truth : they were the windows to a soul that was as dead and rotten as my body . 
 23 a walk in the park emma started ethan 's car , fumbling with the clutch so it rabbit-hopped a few feet before snapping into gear . 
 she swerved toward the exit , narrowly missing a pudgy girl with a backpack shaped like a panda . 
 a few feet away , tricia melendez stood close to her cameraman . 
 emma gritted her teeth . 
 without looking into the oncoming lane she hit the gas pedal hard , peeling out into the road just as the reporter started rushing toward the car . 
 as the car roared away from the crowd , she could hear tricia yelling : `` emma ! 
 emma ! 
 emma , what do you plan to do next ? '' 
 she 'd never hated the sound of her own name so much . 
 her eyes blurred with tears as she entered a neighborhood lined with pastel bungalows . 
 in one yard a terrier ran alongside the chain-link fence , barking as she passed . 
 a tottering old man with a pair of shears in one hand glared at her suspiciously from another . 
 her heart sank as she glanced in her rearview mirror . 
 a navy blue bmw was tailing her closely . 
 she recognized it immediately-it was thayer 's car . 
 he honked lightly on the horn , signaling her to pull over . 
 her heart picked up speed . 
 if madeline and charlotte were pissed , he 'd be livid . 
 still , emma took a deep breath , then pulled over . 
 the guilt of hiding sutton 's death from him had been eating her alive . 
 he deserved the truth , and a part of her believed she deserved what she was about to get . 
 she rolled down the window . 
 thayer held emma 's gaze for a long moment before speaking . 
 `` i knew there was something weird about you , '' he said finally . 
 `` i knew it . '' 
 emma swallowed hard . 
 her pulse throbbed in her ear . 
 `` i tried to tell everyone at first . 
 but no one would listen . '' 
 she winced , bracing herself for the onslaught of accusations . 
 but thayer just nodded , eerily calm . 
 `` i know . 
 laurel told me . '' 
 with a sigh of relief , emma got out of the car and followed thayer to an empty playground around the corner . 
 a rusted merry-go-round pivoted slowly in the breeze . 
 the jungle gym was shaped like a giant red spider , its long metal legs covered in footholds for climbing . 
 emma sat down on one of the swings , empty of energy , drifting listlessly back and forth . 
 thayer slouched against one of the swing set 's support poles , crossing his arms over his chest . 
 `` you acted too nice , '' thayer said . 
 emma glanced up at him , frowning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that 's what laurel said : you were too nice to be sutton . 
 you did n't do a very good job playing her . '' 
 thayer shrugged . 
 `` well , i guess you did a fine job . 
 everyone bought it . 
 then again , it would have been crazy not to . 
 i mean , i thought i was going crazy . '' 
 `` thayer , i 'm so , so sorry - '' emma started , but thayer cut her off . 
 `` save it , '' he said curtly . 
 his eyes narrowed on emma . 
 `` just tell me-did you kill sutton ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 emma looked down , shaking her head . 
 even though the whole world thought she 'd done it , it somehow hurt more that thayer thought she could have hurt her own sister . 
 `` i 've been trying all this time to figure out who did . '' 
 she glanced at thayer , who was staring off across the street . 
 `` ask laurel-my first morning here , there was a note for me on her car . 
 she thought it was a love note . 
 but it was a threat from the killer . 
 it said that if i did n't keep pretending to be sutton , i would be next . 
 it 's in sutton 's room , if the cops have n't taken it . '' 
 a cloud drifted over the sun , and the colors of the world dimmed like someone was turning down a knob . 
 `` i 've gotten three notes since i got here . 
 i told quinlan about them . 
 there 's a purple pillow with a ripped seam in sutton 's room-i hid them all inside it and stitched it back up . 
 ask laurel if the police came for it yet . '' 
 emma looked down at her lap . 
 `` and it was n't just me he threatened . 
 he said he 'd hurt the rest of you if i did n't do what he said . 
 you . 
 laurel . 
 laurel 's parents . 
 everyone . '' 
 thayer gripped the pole . 
 `` so some maniac has been watching you for months , making sure you kept fooling everyone into thinking you were sutton ? '' 
 there was an unavoidable note of skepticism in his voice . 
 `` look , i know it sounds crazy . 
 it is crazy . 
 but yes . 
 sutton 's murderer has been watching every move i make . '' 
 emma paused . 
 `` my first week here , someone strangled me with sutton 's locket during a sleepover at charlotte 's , warning me to keep up the act . 
 then that light almost fell on me at homecoming court rehearsal , with another warning note . 
 and ... '' her voice grew small , but she kept going . 
 `` and i think whoever killed sutton killed nisha , too . 
 i 'm almost certain that nisha learned something about sutton 's death that night , and she died because of it . '' 
 thayer 's face went pale , but he did n't flinch . 
 he stared at emma with steady green eyes . 
 `` i guess that explains why you asked me so many weird questions when i was in jail . 
 you thought i did it for a while , did n't you ? '' 
 emma hesitated , then nodded . 
 `` i know now you 're not capable of anything like that . 
 but when i first got here i did n't know anything about anyone . 
 everyone was a suspect . 
 you , mads , charlotte , gabby , and lili . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` even laurel . '' 
 emma fell silent , shivering in the morning breeze . 
 for a few minutes the only sounds were the birds twittering in the low canopy of trees . 
 a college-aged nanny wearing a jumper and tights pushed a stroller down the street . 
 she started to enter the playground but seemed to change her mind when she saw two teenagers hanging out there during school hours . 
 emma swayed gently on the swing , the chains creaking overhead . 
 `` well ? '' 
 thayer asked after a moment 's silence . 
 `` who are your suspects now ? 
 do you have any clues ? '' 
 emma picked at one of her cuticles , her mind racing . 
 thayer might have information she needed , something that could help her defeat garrett before he managed to frame her . 
 then this nightmare could be over . 
 but she thought of the notes she 'd gotten , the warnings . 
 she 'd been one step behind garrett ever since she arrived in tucson . 
 ethan was already in danger just for helping her . 
 she did n't want to risk any more lives . 
 `` no , '' she lied . 
 `` and anyway , i do n't want you involved . 
 it 's too dangerous . '' 
 thayer stepped forward quickly , to stand directly in front of emma . 
 `` i 'm not stupid . 
 i know you have a suspect . '' 
 he lowered his voice . 
 `` you think it 's garrett , do n't you ? 
 that 's why you were asking me all those questions about him the other day . '' 
 emma hesitated . 
 thayer seemed to read her fears in her expression . 
 he shook his head impatiently . 
 `` i 'm not giving up on this . '' 
 grief flashed through his eyes , so raw she had to look away . 
 his voice cracked . 
 `` someone took sutton away from me , '' he said fiercely . 
 `` and i want that person to pay . '' 
 the pain in thayer 's voice tore at me , fear and love warring for control in my heart . 
 i wanted nothing more than for thayer to stay safe , out of garrett 's reach . 
 but at the same time , the violence of his feelings sent a little thrill through me . 
 thayer loved me-and he would n't let garrett get away with what he 'd done . 
 emma clasped the swing chains , hanging her head with a sigh . 
 a moment later thayer crouched down next to her . 
 `` emma ? '' 
 he prompted . 
 `` okay , '' she finally said under her breath . 
 `` but do n't go doing anything stupid , thayer . 
 you ca n't go after garrett . 
 you 'll end up in prison , or worse . '' 
 `` i do n't care , '' he shot back , his hands clenching against his thighs . 
 she tugged hard at his sleeve , forcing him to turn and look at her . 
 `` sutton would care , '' she said softly . 
 she was right . 
 the image of thayer in prison , staring at cinder block for the rest of his life , knotted my insides . 
 but even worse was the possibility that thayer could end up like me-murdered , lost to his friends and family forever . 
 emma held thayer 's gaze . 
 `` promise me . 
 for sutton 's sake . '' 
 his jaw tightened , and he turned away from her . 
 after a moment , he gave a short nod . 
 she looked out over the tawny mountains , where fluffy clouds drifted against the deep blue . 
 `` garrett was definitely in the canyon the night sutton died , '' she said softly , hugging her knees . 
 `` when the cops took me in for questioning i saw a security photo that showed his car in the parking lot . 
 and louisa mentioned that he came home in the middle of the night . 
 she remembered it because he 'd been so upset . 
 something really freaked him out . 
 she thought that he and sutton must have broken up . '' 
 thayer remained perfectly motionless , but she could see the muscles in his shoulders tense . 
 `` i do n't have a way to prove it , though . 
 everything is circumstantial . 
 you did n't see anything suspicious in the canyon that night , did you ? '' 
 emma glanced at him out of the corner of her eye . 
 storm clouds were gathering across his face , grim and foreboding . 
 a sudden fear dawned on her : what if she 'd overestimated thayer 's self-control ? 
 what if he could n't keep his promise ? 
 before he 'd gone into recovery , his temper had been almost as legendary as garrett 's . 
 the way he looked now , she was n't sure he would n't run after garrett and tear him apart right this moment . 
 `` besides the headlights heading straight for me ? 
 no . '' 
 thayer 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` so you think garrett ran me down , too ? '' 
 emma nodded , picking at one of the small distressed holes in her jeans . 
 `` he 's violent . 
 at first i chalked it up to the breakup . 
 but i think it goes deeper than that . '' 
 she met his eyes . 
 `` everyone keeps hinting about something that happened to louisa , something really traumatic . 
 do you know what they 're talking about ? '' 
 thayer blinked in surprise . 
 `` yeah , i do . 
 it was pretty f ** ked up . '' 
 my ears pricked . 
 thayer took a deep breath . 
 `` last year , garrett took louisa to this party . 
 it was almost kind of a joke-she was just this awkward , naive little freshman . 
 i think he got it in his head that he was going to initiate her into high school life or something . 
 you know , get her drunk for the first time , introduce her to all his friends . 
 but the party got really out of control . '' 
 thayer shuddered . 
 `` i was there . 
 not that i remember much of it-i was pretty blasted . 
 anyway , at some point in the evening garrett lost track of louisa . 
 i guess at first he did n't worry much . 
 i mean , it was a party . 
 he just assumed she was swimming or dancing or whatever . 
 but after a while he started to panic . 
 no one had seen her in hours , and people were starting to leave . 
 he tore the place apart looking for her . 
 finally he ended up calling the cops . '' 
 emma suddenly realized she 'd been holding her breath , and took a deep gulp of air . 
 a part of her knew what was coming and did n't want to hear it-but she needed the truth . 
 thayer 's eyes were distant and glazed when he spoke again . 
 `` they found her in the pool house , unconscious . 
 pretty badly beaten up . '' 
 his lip curled in disgust . 
 `` she 'd been raped . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' emma whispered . 
 a queasy feeling spread through her body . 
 `` they caught the guy , '' thayer continued . 
 `` his name was daniel preuss . 
 he 'd graduated by then , but he 'd been on the soccer team . 
 he was a really good friend of garrett 's . '' 
 the memory rose up in me as thayer talked . 
 i had n't been at that party-it 'd been the week of the state championship , and i 'd been in glendale with the rest of the tennis team . 
 garrett and louisa had been out of school for a few weeks , but i remembered when he came back . 
 he 'd looked so vulnerable , so lost . 
 that made it easy to ignore his mood swings , his temper tantrums-because after each violent flare-up , he looked so anguished . 
 i 'd made excuses for him every time . 
 but he 'd been more broken than i 'd realized . 
 i pictured his face that night in the canyon , twisted into a mask of rage , the terrible things he yelled at me . 
 how jealous he 'd been that i was out there with thayer . 
 how he called me a slut for wearing shorts , his breath angry and hot with whiskey . 
 he hated the fact that i 'd wanted to sleep with him-and hated himself for wanting to sleep with me , too . 
 what happened to louisa shattered him , and he 'd punished me for his own fear and self-loathing about not being able to protect her . 
 emma 's stomach curled into a tight little ball inside her , her head spinning . 
 `` that 's ... awful , '' she breathed . 
 thayer nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 garrett never really recovered . '' 
 in spite of everything , a twinge of pity shot through emma 's chest . 
 she could n't even imagine the kind of pain louisa and garrett had been through . 
 then again , she thought , the same thing had happened to her-someone had hurt her sister beyond belief , and she had to live with it . 
 sutton had n't deserved what happened to her any more than louisa had . 
 she looked up to see thayer watching her closely . 
 `` so you think what happened to louisa made him snap ? '' 
 he asked . 
 emma sat up , straightening her legs out in front of her . 
 `` maybe . 
 but it does n't matter , does it ? 
 he killed my sister , and i do n't care what his excuses are . 
 he 's dangerous , and i have to find a way to prove it . '' 
 thayer was silent for a long moment , studying her face . 
 `` you know , you 're so much like her . '' 
 he gave a sad smile . 
 `` not just the way you look , i mean . 
 when you get that determined gleam in your eyes , you remind me so much of her . '' 
 emma found that she was leaning slightly against his shoulder , their arms just touching . 
 she knew she should shift her weight , put more distance between them , but she could n't seem to move . 
 for just a heartbeat , something magnetic pulled her toward thayer . 
 `` but i 'm not her , '' she said softly , forcing herself to move away . 
 `` and you have to keep your promise . 
 i do n't know what i 'd do if garrett hurt you , too . '' 
 thayer 's jaw clenched , and his hands curled into tight fists . 
 but he took a deep breath and stood up , his eyes suddenly clear . 
 `` i promise . 
 you know where to find me if you need anything ... emma . '' 
 then he turned and strode off toward his car . 
 i watched him go , hoping against hope that emma had made the right choice in telling him-and hoping against hope that garrett would n't kill him , too . 
 24 go google yourself emma drove back to the landrys ' house slowly , reluctant to spend the day inside and alone . 
 she cruised for a while past organic markets and upscale boutiques , decorated for christmas with garlands and bows and twinkling lights . 
 for a moment she contemplated going into the public library-she could go online , maybe do some research from there-but the memory of the reporters shouting her name made her shudder . 
 anywhere she went in public , she ran the risk of drawing down the press . 
 soon the storefronts disappeared behind her , replaced by large , elegant homes and the santa catalina mountains beyond . 
 she turned into ethan 's development and parked beneath the landrys ' carport . 
 across the street the entrance to the canyon was still blocked off , police tape draped across the drive . 
 she wondered if the investigators were over there even now , slowly sifting through the dirt . 
 the skin on the back of her neck crawled like it always did when she glimpsed the bench where she 'd waited for sutton that first day . 
 sometimes it felt like the canyon had eyes . 
 movement from across the lawn caught her eye . 
 she paused as she climbed out of ethan 's car , the keys frozen in her hand . 
 next door , dr. banerjee was shoving a battered suitcase into the hatchback of his car . 
 it looked like there were already a bunch of bags piled haphazardly in the backseat . 
 nisha 's father still looked haggard , his eyes swollen in exhaustion , but he 'd straightened himself up since she 'd seen him last . 
 his hair was combed , and he wore a button-down shirt that was wrinkled but clean . 
 as he climbed into the front seat of his car , emma caught his eye . 
 she lifted her hand to wave , taking a step toward him . 
 for a moment she almost called out for him to stop-if nisha had left evidence that garrett had killed sutton , dr. banerjee was the only person who could help her find it . 
 then she saw the look on his face . 
 his eyes were hard slits , his mouth twisted in disgust . 
 her hand dropped limply back to her side . 
 he thought she was a murderer-just like everyone else did . 
 he backed out of his driveway , shaking his head slowly as he did . 
 his lips moved like he was muttering to himself . 
 then he turned out onto the street and screeched away . 
 her shoulders slumping , emma turned away in defeat . 
 it looked like dr. banerjee was skipping town , and with him , her last chance to find out the secret nisha had died for . 
 she let herself into the landrys ' house with ethan 's key . 
 as she pushed the door open , she wondered if she should have knocked instead . 
 but inside , everything was dark and still . 
 the sounds of a daytime talk show came from under mrs. landry 's closed bedroom door , and emma sighed in relief . 
 she hated to admit it , but running into ethan 's mom-seeing the startled , nervous look in her mousy eyes-set her on edge . 
 emma got a coke zero from the fridge and trudged to ethan 's room . 
 his bed was perfectly made , with hospital corners and everything , his plain white pillows stacked neatly at the top-she 'd watched him make it that morning , his lip between his teeth in concentration . 
 his ocd side was kind of adorable . 
 she blushed a little as she settled onto the bed , thinking that she and ethan had been cuddling here just a few hours earlier . 
 propping herself up against the headboard with some pillows , she pulled his laptop onto her legs . 
 she chewed on the end of a lock of hair , then typed `` emma paxton '' into the search field-and regretted it almost immediately . 
 the case was everywhere , and emma herself was the star of the show . 
 it was like a horrible , nightmare version of the headlines she used to write about herself-only now they were real . 
 rags to riches , one news site proclaimed in enormous type , and underneath : emma paxton lived in squalor and dreamed of escape . 
 how far would she go to get what she wanted ? 
 every bad picture anyone had ever taken of her was now online , looking somehow sinister . 
 she recognized clarice 's house in several of them-travis had obviously been snapping photos of her without her knowledge . 
 one even showed her sleeping , her mouth open and her tank top 's spaghetti strap hanging off one shoulder . 
 a website called on the q-t had interviewed clarice herself . 
 emma scrolled down the page , full of pictures of her old room and stories about how disturbed emma had seemed . 
 she told me she was working at a roller coaster , but i heard afterward that she was involved with some kind of exotic dance troupe . 
 she used to flounce around here in short-shorts and halter tops , but i 'm so naive i did n't realize what was going on . 
 emma clicked through link after link , her heart sinking . 
 not one person seemed to even consider that she might be innocent . 
 a task force called cit-coalition of identical twins-called her a monster and demanded her immediate arrest . 
 former classmates from vegas , most of whom emma did n't remember ever talking to , portrayed her as a shady , calculating thug . 
 another blog interviewed hollier students who swore up and down that they 'd suspected her all along . 
 meanwhile , someone at hollier had put up a sutton mercer remembrance page , filled with pictures of sutton , elton john 's `` candle in the wind '' playing as background music . 
 a guestbook was already filled with comments from sutton 's classmates . 
 i read the page over emma 's shoulder . 
 would everyone talk about what a bully i 'd been ? 
 would they say i 'd deserved what i got ? 
 would anyone even miss me ? 
 but most of the comments were superficial . 
 i will always remember how pretty she looked for junior prom , someone named wildcat_chick had posted . 
 i had such a crush on her in eighth grade , another comment read , and remember her sixteenth birthday party ? 
 that night made hollier history ! 
 it seemed like no one really knew me underneath my shiny , popular exterior . 
 then again , i had n't exactly let many people see past that part of me . 
 emma seemed to realize the same thing . 
 she opened twitter , certain that she would find something from gabby and lili . 
 sure enough , they 'd been commenting on the whole situation . 
 @lili_fiorello : calling it now : it 's a prank . 
 this is too crazy to be real . 
 @gabby_fiorello : sutton mercer would n't let herself be taken out by some flimsy black market knock-off bitch . 
 @lili_fiorello : joke is getting stale . 
 cross your heart and hope to die ? 
 and then , a few hours later , simply : @gabby_fiorello : sutton , we love you and will miss you forever . 
 both of them had changed their user pictures to black squares . 
 emma 's heart ached . 
 she knew sutton and her friends had never been touchy-feely , but she also knew that below the surface , they cared deeply about one another . 
 then she suddenly realized : gabby and lili were twins , too . 
 she wondered if they believed the rumors that emma had killed her own sister . 
 maybe they were joining cit at that very moment . 
 for hours emma sat bent over the computer , reading story after story and searching for clues . 
 when a car door slammed outside , emma was shocked to see it was already three . 
 tiptoeing to the window that looked over the front of the house , she pulled aside a slat in ethan 's venetian blinds-and froze . 
 a cop car had pulled into the driveway , and ethan was getting out of the passenger door . 
 he paused to say something to the officer in the front-corcoran again . 
 she recognized the buzzed auburn hair . 
 then ethan nodded and walked toward the house . 
 she met him in the entryway . 
 he looked tired but calm , his backpack slung across one shoulder behind him . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he went to her , dropping his backpack on the floor next to him . 
 as he straightened back up , she saw a scar on his temple she 'd never noticed before , curving out from his hairline . 
 she wanted suddenly to kiss it . 
 `` i went in willingly . '' 
 emma 's jaw fell open . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i could n't just sit here and do nothing . 
 they need to know you 're innocent . '' 
 he raised his hand and cupped her cheek in his palm . 
 `` i told them i was blindsided by the news that you were really emma but that i did n't care . 
 i said that i love you , whoever you are-and that i believed you were innocent . '' 
 his touch on her face made her feel momentarily light-headed . 
 the chill that had swept across her skin when she saw the cop car was replaced by a warm tingle . 
 ethan 's voice dropped low . 
 `` and i told them i 'd seen garrett running up to the canyon , the night sutton died . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` wait , what ? 
 if you saw garrett the night of the murder , why did n't you tell me earlier ? '' 
 he looked from side to side , though they seemed to be completely alone in the hall . 
 `` i did n't really . 
 but it was the only way i could think of to get the cops to look at him more closely . 
 you saw his car in the parking lot security stills , right ? 
 i may not have seen him , but he was out there . '' 
 `` ethan , do you realize how deep a hole you 're digging for yourself ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 `` do n't lie to the cops again-not for me . 
 is n't it bad enough that i 've been lying to everyone ? '' 
 his hand dropped away from her cheek , and he looked down at his feet . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just-i thought it would help . '' 
 a door opened somewhere in the house , the quick patter of a local used-car commercial drifting through . 
 ethan glanced furtively into the hallway . 
 after a moment there was the sound of a toilet flushing , and then the door closed again and the tv became muffled and distant once more . 
 mrs. landry had retreated back to her cave . 
 emma took a deep breath . 
 garrett had been in the canyon , after all . 
 maybe ethan was right-now the cops had to look into sutton 's ex . 
 `` you 're right , '' she said , touching his shoulder . 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'm sorry for snapping . 
 i 'm just so afraid that the cops are going to pull you into this , too . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` emma , i 'd do anything for you . 
 i want to keep you safe . '' 
 he stooped to unzip his backpack , and when he stood back up he shoved something in her hands . 
 she looked down to see a burner cell phone , still in the package . 
 `` i also swung by radio shack and got this for you . '' 
 she shifted her weight . 
 the box felt strangely heavy in her hands . 
 `` you 've already spent so much money on me , ethan . '' 
 `` yeah , but you need a phone , '' he said . 
 `` now i 'm just a call away . 
 if you need me , i 'll come running . '' 
 he wrapped his arms around her waist , pulling her close to him . 
 the contact sent a warm glow through her body , and she hugged his neck . 
 `` so , i really need to catch up on my calculus , '' he said , resting his forehead against hers . 
 `` but when i 'm done , how about we grab some takeout and have a picnic ? 
 i know a great little spot just a few feet from here where the paparazzi will never find us . 
 it 's right behind my house , in fact . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` you mean your yard ? '' 
 `` you 've heard of it ! '' 
 he teased . 
 `` come on . 
 you , me , the mood lighting of the citronella candle . 
 the best tom kha gai in town ... '' `` i 'm there , '' she said , laughing . 
 as i watched them , it was almost like my heart came unclenched for a moment . 
 even with all the madness in her life , my sister had found someone who really cared for her . 
 when i saw the way he looked at her , it made me hope that someday , when this was all over , they would be able to move on . 
 and i was glad they 'd have each other when-if-that time came . 
 25 emma paxton : master of disguise `` have a nice afternoon , miss . '' 
 a thin , white-bearded man wearing a flannel shirt and an apron handed emma her bag of groceries and gave her a quizzical look . 
 emma tugged self-consciously at her skirt . 
 it was wednesday , and she was incognito again , in mrs. landry 's blonde wig , a denim jumper embroidered with butterflies , and a red turtleneck sweater she 'd gotten at goodwill . 
 plastic dime-store glasses completed the look-she was a dead ringer for the sunday school teacher she 'd had during her few weeks with the morgans , a particularly pious foster family back in nevada . 
 she could n't believe it had come to this to just buy milk ; but the reporters-or garrett-could be anywhere . 
 she exited the store and walked across the parking lot toward ethan 's car , her shadow flickering across the asphalt at her feet . 
 next to the home improvement store was a burger king , a line of cars stretching around the drive-through . 
 just as she dropped the groceries in the car , someone laid on his horn , impatient to make an order . 
 what she saw next made her stop in her tracks . 
 travis had just stepped out of the burger king , a thirty-two ounce soft drink in his hand . 
 he paused in the doorway , pulling a pair of cheap aviators down over his eyes , before slouching up the street in the opposite direction . 
 emma did n't waste any time . 
 slamming the car door shut , she followed him on foot . 
 the area was a cheap commercial zone , lined with big-box stores and chain restaurants . 
 a thin strip of weeds ran between the road and the sidewalk , dotted with overflowing trash cans . 
 she walked slowly , letting travis stay several feet ahead but keeping him in her line of sight . 
 he wore a backward-facing baseball cap and saggy jeans hanging down almost off his butt . 
 a wallet chain went from his belt loop to his back pocket . 
 when he glanced behind him , she ducked into a crowd of people at a bus stop , trying to keep her face as bored as all the other commuters ' expressions . 
 when she was sure he 'd turned away , she followed again . 
 travis passed an abandoned mechanics ' garage tagged with graffiti , then cut across the parking lot to a days inn hotel . 
 the pool shone behind the cast-iron gate , three small children in inflatable water wings squealing in the shallow end . 
 emma hung back and watched as travis climbed the steps and let himself into one of the rooms . 
 she stood in the shade of a mesquite tree , uncertainty coiling inside her . 
 why was he still here ? 
 he did n't know anything about the killer-did he ? 
 but her head snapped up as ethan 's words came drifting back to her . 
 if we had access to garrett 's texts or e-mail , we 'd be able to see if he sent the link . 
 they did n't have garrett 's phone . 
 but the message might still be somewhere on travis 's . 
 with another glance around , she climbed the stairs to his door and knocked . 
 for a moment nothing happened . 
 she knocked again , louder . 
 from the parking lot , a middle-aged couple in matching hawaiian shirts paused as they climbed out of their station wagon , staring up at her . 
 emma swallowed , sweat gathering on the back of her neck . 
 she lifted her hand to knock one more time , but before she could , the door jerked open . 
 travis stood in the doorway , his hat off . 
 he wore a white tank top snug across his meaty chest , and a thick gold chain dangled from his neck . 
 his chin jutted belligerently at her . 
 behind him , arnold schwarzenegger filled the tv screen , roaring up the freeway on a motorcycle . 
 `` what do you want , lady ? '' 
 for a moment , she did n't remember that she was in costume . 
 she blinked , then pulled off her glasses . 
 `` it 's me . 
 emma . '' 
 his jaw fell slack . 
 he looked her slowly up and down , his piggy little eyes bulging . 
 the smell of stale tobacco and sweat hung around him . 
 `` i need your help , '' she said , putting on the sweetest expression she could muster . 
 `` everyone thinks i killed my sister . '' 
 `` yeah , i know , '' he said , grinning . 
 `` that one cop , quinlan or whatever ? 
 he 's been trying to get me to tell him all about you . '' 
 she chewed on her thumbnail , knowing she had to play this just right . 
 `` what have you told him so far ? '' 
 travis shrugged , bracing himself against the door frame so he loomed over her . 
 `` so far just about your freaky little habit , '' he said . 
 `` you mean that video someone sent you ? '' 
 she said , choosing her words carefully . 
 `` yup , '' he said . 
 `` man , i liked watching that . 
 such a bummer they took it down . '' 
 bingo . 
 garrett had sent him that link . 
 her heart swelled with excitement . 
 if she could get her hands on his phone , she could prove it . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` i did n't kill sutton , '' she said , a soft , pleading note entering her voice . 
 `` you believe me , do n't you ? '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` i do n't know , emma . 
 you were pretty violent with me . 
 always had a nasty temper . '' 
 emma tensed , fighting the angry retort that was rising in her chest . 
 she 'd kneed travis in the groin once after he 'd tried to cop a feel . 
 that was what had led to his framing her for the theft of clarice 's money . 
 travis 's voice dropped conspiratorially . 
 `` besides , tucson 's a pretty nice place . 
 the cops have me set up here all week-free hbo , room service . 
 all for telling them anything i can about you . '' 
 she looked up at him , blinking through her thick lashes , her eyes wide and vulnerable . 
 i was impressed-back in the day , i 'd been a master of the puppy-dog-in-the-rain look . 
 if only she could make herself cry on command , emma would give me a run for my money . 
 `` why are you doing this to me ? '' 
 she gave her voice the slightest tremble , pretending to wipe at the corner of her eye . 
 travis glanced left and right as if looking for eavesdroppers . 
 then he leaned forward , putting his mouth right by her ear as if to share a secret . 
 his breath was rancid with sugar and pot . 
 `` the thing is , emma , you 're a real bitch . '' 
 it took all her willpower not to slap him in the face . 
 but she had to play nice . 
 her lips slightly parted , she rested a hand on his bare bicep . 
 travis 's eyes flickered down to where she was touching him . 
 `` i 'm desperate , '' she whispered , ignoring the surge of bile at the back of her throat . 
 `` i 'll do anything . 
 you have to help me , travis . 
 you 're the only one who can . '' 
 he stared at her blankly for a moment , his malice overcome by surprise . 
 she ran her eyes appraisingly over his body , trying to look seductive , hunting for the telltale rectangular outline of his phone . 
 there . 
 it was in his front pocket , just against his hip . 
 a slow smile spread across his face . 
 `` anything , huh ? '' 
 he stepped back from the door , holding it open for her . 
 as she stepped past him , he slapped her on the butt , and she jumped . 
 her stomach lurched . 
 for a moment , she wondered if she was making a huge mistake . 
 travis was dangerous . 
 but emma was tough , too . 
 and she needed that phone . 
 she reached up to take the itchy wig off her head , but travis grabbed her hand . 
 `` leave it , '' he murmured , his breath hot on her face . 
 `` i like it . '' 
 emma dropped her hands to travis 's hips , leaving the blonde wig where it was . 
 slowly , she slid her hands into his pockets . 
 his eyes closed , his breath coming quicker . 
 her fingers searched past stray coins and a baggie of something she was sure was pot before closing around the hard plastic form of his phone . 
 as she wrenched it from his pocket , his eyes shot open . 
 `` what - '' but he did n't get to finish his question . 
 she brought her knee up as hard as she could between his legs . 
 his eyes crossed , and he fell backward onto the bed , clutching at his groin . 
 she was out the door and slamming it behind her before he could even move , taking the stairs three at a time , adrenaline coursing through her veins . 
 by the time he wrenched the door open , she was already at the bottom . 
 `` you crazy bitch ! '' 
 he screamed , limping after her . 
 `` i 'll kill you ! '' 
 `` you 'll have to get in line ! '' 
 emma yelled over her shoulder as she took off running . 
 she zigzagged around an acne-scarred man dressed in the polyester blazer of a hotel staffer , then sprinted across the parking lot , leaping over medians and dodging cars . 
 the muscles blazed in her legs , but she barely noticed . 
 for a moment , she felt like she could fly . 
 and i was flying right next to her , chanting her name like a cheer . 
 finally , my sister had gotten her hands on something that might be able to clear her name . 
 and finally , she 'd been able to hit travis exactly where it hurt . 
 26 show us your texts emma burst into ethan 's room thirty minutes later , the phone pressing sharply into her palm . 
 he jumped up from where he 'd been sitting at his desk , his mouth open round in surprise . 
 she whipped the wig off her scalp and threw it down in victory , unable to wipe the grin from her face . 
 ethan stared at the blackberry in her hand , then looked up at her wonderingly . 
 `` what ... '' `` it 's travis 's phone ! '' 
 she quickly explained what had happened , leaving out the fact that she 'd had to faux-seduce him . 
 `` emma , you 're amazing ! '' 
 ethan took the phone , a smile spreading across his face . 
 she sank to the edge of his bed , running her fingers through her mussed-up hair . 
 there was n't enough soap in the world to get the memory of travis off her skin-but it was worth it . 
 she 'd gotten the phone . 
 ethan 's fingers danced over the blackberry 's keys , and she held her breath , watching him carefully . 
 after a minute , he shook his head . 
 `` it looks like his text history and his e-mails have been cleared pretty recently . '' 
 emma 's heart sank . 
 `` so it was all for nothing ? '' 
 `` not necessarily . '' 
 ethan popped the sd card out of its slot and held it pinched between his thumb and index finger . 
 `` that stuff stays forever , if you know how to look for it . 
 and it just so happens that your boyfriend is sort of a techno-geek . '' 
 he shot her a grin as he stepped toward his computer . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 emma said . 
 ethan stopped . 
 `` plugging it in . 
 do n't you want to see what 's on it ? '' 
 `` but ... should n't we take it to the library or something ? '' 
 anxiety streaked through her . 
 `` what if someone can trace it to your computer ? 
 i do n't want it to look like you had anything to do with stealing it . '' 
 he shook his head impatiently . 
 `` the nearest branch is closed for the night . 
 we ca n't wait for tomorrow . 
 emma , this could answer all our questions . 
 this could be the solution we 've been looking for ! '' 
 she rubbed her palms into her eyes . 
 then she nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 you 're right . 
 plug it in . '' 
 ethan turned back to his laptop , inserted the card into a small device , and plugged it into the usb port . 
 instantly a window popped open on his screen , listing the contents of the phone . 
 ethan clicked to view all the files at once-and blushed a vibrant red as travis 's entire pornography collection opened on his desktop . 
 he lunged forward , covering the monitor with his torso to shield it from her view . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he mumbled , fumbling to close all the images . 
 emma 's own face was burning , too , but she could n't keep a nervous giggle from escaping . 
 `` that was all on his phone ? '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 `` like , that 's what he takes with him everywhere he goes ? '' 
 `` just let me ... '' ethan kept hiding the monitor from her with his body , typing furiously . 
 the back of his neck was scarlet . 
 and suddenly , emma could n't help herself-she laughed . 
 after all she 'd been through , after everything that had happened , they were so close to finding out the truth . 
 the only thing stopping them was a few hundred pictures of boobs . 
 by the time ethan managed to close all the pictures , emma had reined in her laughter . 
 she moved closer to his desk and put a hand on his shoulder . 
 he was still bright red with discomfort and was looking carefully away from her . 
 `` that was like my worst nightmare come true , '' he muttered . 
 she looked at the monitor over his shoulder . 
 `` was there room for anything else on his phone ? '' 
 `` we 'll find out . '' 
 ethan 's fingers flew deftly over the keyboard . 
 he typed in several commands she did n't understand , then paused for a moment before striking hard on the `` enter '' button with his index finger . 
 pages of texts and e-mails immediately shot open . 
 her jaw dropped . 
 `` now who 's amazing ? '' 
 she breathed , leaning down to kiss his cheek . 
 his flush , which had started to drain away , brightened again . 
 the most recent texts included an exchange between travis and a girl named `` sapphire '' that started with the line hey girl whut u wearin ? 
 ethan made a disgusted face . 
 `` you lived with this guy ? '' 
 `` child protective services did n't exactly give me a lot of choice , '' emma said , leaning over . 
 `` what 's in his e-mail from back in august ? '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` we 're not accidentally going to find nak * d pictures of him on here , are we ? '' 
 she grimaced . 
 `` i never said this would be easy . '' 
 emma watched as ethan scrolled down to the e-mails from august . 
 all of travis 's friends had e-mail addresses like markdogg69 or bluntmeister . 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 then she saw it . 
 on august twenty-ninth , someone named hollier_hell had sent a message with the subject line check this out . 
 she lifted a trembling finger to point to it . 
 ethan 's eyes widened . '' 
 ` hollier_hell ' ? '' 
 she tucked her hair behind her ears , catching a lock in her hands and twirling it around her finger . 
 `` open it . '' 
 ethan double-clicked on the message . 
 hey man , thought you might like this video of your sweet little foster sister . 
 do me a favor and show her , too . 
 below that was a link . 
 emma was willing to bet it would be dead now , but she was certain that back in august , it had led straight to the sutton in az video that started it all . 
 `` this is two days before the murder , '' she said , a clammy feeling descending over her body . 
 that meant that sutton 's murder had been premeditated-not a crime of passion or an accident . 
 and it meant that garrett had been watching emma , too ; had known where she lived and with whom . 
 it meant she 'd been a part of his plan all along . 
 travis had replied : that is some freaky shit , bro . 
 thanks for the link . 
 but what 's in it for me if i show her ? 
 hollier_hell answered : $ 5k sound good to you ? 
 but do n't tell anyone about this . 
 delete these messages . 
 if emma leaves town you 've done your job . 
 then meet me at 5784 w. speedway in tucson on september 15 . 
 i 'll be there with the money . 
 the last e-mail in the thread was from travis : i 'm game . 
 sept. 15 . 
 be there . 
 emma clenched her fists , her fingernails digging into her flesh . 
 travis had sold her to her sister 's murderer for $ 5,000 . 
 `` ethan . 
 do you know that address ? '' 
 `` i 'm on it . '' 
 a map flew open on the browser when he searched for the address . 
 it was on the outskirts of tucson , on the west side of town . 
 when ethan selected the pin on the map , the name of the business sprang up . 
 `` holy shit , '' ethan muttered . 
 the address the murderer had given travis was for rosa linda storage . 
 slowly , emma reached over him . 
 she slid open his desk drawer and pulled out the tiny silver key they 'd found in garrett 's locker , holding it up next to ethan 's monitor . 
 she stared at the scratched-out second word again . 
 emma 's blood went still in her veins . 
 the glittering key dangled motionless between her and ethan , catching the bright overhead light . 
 there it was : under the scratches and the scars on the metal , the second word was suddenly clear . 
 it could n't be anything but linda . 
 emma pulled the burner cell out of her tote . 
 wordlessly , she keyed in the number on the website . 
 ethan opened his lips to ask what she was doing , but she held her finger to her lips . 
 the line rang five times before someone finally answered . 
 `` rosa linda storage , '' croaked a man 's voice in the receiver . 
 emma took a deep breath . 
 `` hi , this is the tenant of unit three-fifty-six , '' she said , using a brisk , important voice . 
 `` i 'm calling to find out when my next payment is due . '' 
 a crackling silence came from the other end of the line . 
 after a moment , the creaky voice replied , heavy with skepticism . 
 `` this is arthur smith ? '' 
 her heart sank . 
 she 'd hoped it would be in garrett 's name-if it had been , all she 'd have had to do was turn the key and travis 's phone over to the cops . 
 but of course garrett had covered his tracks . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` this is mrs. arthur smith , yes . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry , mrs. smith . '' 
 there was a rustle of paperwork . 
 `` it looks like your account is clear through the end of the month . 
 will you be paying in cash again ? '' 
 emma ended the call , lowering the phone back to her bag . 
 then she looked at ethan , his eyes round and questioning . 
 `` get your coat , '' she said . 
 `` we 're going to rosa linda . '' 
 if i still had fists , i would have punched them toward the sky in excitement . 
 finally , we were going to find out what was behind door number two . 
 27 memento mori rosa linda storage was located on a desolate stretch of road on the outskirts of tucson , between a run-down motel called the flamingo and a boarded-up liquor store . 
 a neon sign stood out front , several of the letters burnt out so that it said only os lin stor . 
 a chain-link fence wound around the property , the barbed wire dotted with incongruous red bows for the holidays . 
 emma traced her sister 's initials on the key fob as ethan pulled into the parking lot . 
 she knew that they would n't find old furniture or soccer equipment in that storage unit . 
 whatever it was , it had something to do with sutton . 
 i knew it , too . 
 i could feel the truth just out of my reach , like a dream that fades from memory upon waking . 
 ethan parked , and they stepped out into the packed-earth courtyard . 
 rows of storage units , shuttered and silent , branched off into the darkness in four directions . 
 no one else was there at that hour . 
 `` are you ready for this ? '' 
 ethan asked , his voice low . 
 `` i do n't know , '' emma admitted . 
 she took a deep breath , the dry desert air filling her lungs and calming her . 
 `` come on , '' she said , giving ethan 's hand a squeeze . 
 `` let 's get this over with . '' 
 they started down the aisle of buildings hand in hand . 
 the floodlights that lit each unit made their shadows flicker grotesquely across the ground , misshapen and eerie . 
 their footsteps echoed in the stillness . 
 farther into the desert , a coyote gave a shrill yip . 
 the unit numbers were painted on the doors in bright orange , starting with 100 . 
 emma counted out loud as they walked through the aisles . 
 `` one hundred fifty , '' she whispered . 
 `` two hundred ... three hundred ... three fifty-it should be down here , ethan . '' 
 she jerked her head around a corner . 
 unit 356 looked like all the others , the numbers stenciled across the folding leaves in the garage-type door . 
 emma had leaned down to fumble at the padlock when ethan grabbed her elbow . 
 `` wait , '' he said , handing her a pair of knit pink gloves , which no doubt belonged to his mother , from one of the pockets in his cargo pants . 
 from another he extracted a pair of black climbing gloves and pulled them over his own fingers . 
 `` good call , '' emma said , tugging on her gloves and grasping the padlock once more . 
 the key was a perfect fit . 
 with an almost inaudible click , the latch sprang free . 
 emma gripped the door 's handle-and pulled sharply up . 
 the inside was completely dark . 
 she groped along the wall to find the switch , and a single fluorescent bulb hanging in the center of the unit flickered to life . 
 the unit was large enough to hold an apartment 's worth of furniture or a few hundred boxes-but it was almost completely empty . 
 almost . 
 in the center of the cavernous space , a single manila envelope lay on the floor just under the light . 
 next to it was a stuffed octopus missing one of its black button eyes . 
 emma knew that octopus . 
 she 'd hugged those blue knit legs countless times as a little girl , whenever she needed comfort . 
 it was her socktopus , one of the only things she 'd brought with her from vegas . 
 she slowly walked forward , picking up the stuffed animal and staring down at it . 
 socktopus had been in the duffel that was stolen from the bench in sabino canyon , her first night in tucson . 
 whoever took it had acted quickly-it had only been unattended for a few minutes before she 'd returned looking for it . 
 ethan hung back , glancing at the open door every now and then as if afraid someone would spring out at them . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 he asked , frowning . 
 `` my mom got it for me , '' she said . 
 her voice sounded far away , even to her . 
 `` when i was little . '' 
 for a moment the dingy storage unit faded , and she could feel becky tying two of the octopus 's arms around emma 's neck in the store so it hung down on her back like a cape . 
 so he can protect you , becky had explained , a rare smile lighting up her pretty face . 
 emma blinked away her tears , and the dusty unit came back into focus . 
 she tucked socktopus under her arm , leaning down to pick up the envelope . 
 for a moment she fumbled at the brad that held it closed , her fingers wooden and clumsy through the gloves . 
 then a pile of papers and photos slid out in one large stack . 
 on top was a disc in a clear jewel case , labeled sutton in az in red sharpie . 
 `` the video , '' ethan whispered . 
 she nodded , but she was already rifling through the pages behind the disc . 
 there was a printout of the very first message emma had sent sutton . 
 this will sound crazy , but i think we 're related . 
 we look exactly the same , and we have the same birthday . 
 behind that was a page with sutton 's e-mail and facebook passwords . 
 and behind that were photos-a thick stack of glossy black-and-white photos . 
 emma had gotten so used to seeing sutton 's face everywhere that for a moment , she thought the pictures were of her twin . 
 but that was n't right-in the very top picture , the girl stood behind a ticket window . 
 emma 's heart skipped a beat . 
 it was the new york-new york roller coaster in vegas , where she 'd worked the summer before coming to tucson . 
 in the picture she was busy counting change for a customer , completely unaware that someone had a lens trained on her . 
 the next picture caught her and alex , running side by side on a trail through red rock canyon . 
 another showed her reaching up to pull something off the top shelf at the public library . 
 in a third she was walking into clarice 's house , an expression of utter despondence on her face . 
 the photos were grainy , taken surreptitiously and at awkward angles-but she was clear in all of them . 
 the old emma had been an expert at staying anonymous and invisible , at keeping low to the ground so she could n't get hurt . 
 the old emma would have been embarrassed to realize that someone had been watching her all that time . 
 but the new emma ? 
 the new emma was pissed . 
 and so was i. emma shuffled the pictures to the back of the stack of paperwork , and leafed through the rest of the pages . 
 she frowned at one that was simply a list of numbers . 
 for a moment she did n't know what she was looking at . 
 then she recognized one of the numbers . 
 it was the mercers ' alarm code . 
 her jaw dropped . 
 beneath that code was the chamberlains ' . 
 and below that was another set of digits she recognized : 0907 . 
 september seven . 
 mrs. banerjee 's birthday . 
 nisha had given emma that same code nearly a month earlier so she could access the mental health files at the hospital . 
 emma was willing to bet that was the alarm code for their house , too . 
 garrett had used it to break into nisha 's house , to find what she 'd been hiding there , but dr. banerjee had scared him away . 
 except dr. banerjee was out of town now . 
 `` ethan , '' she breathed , holding up the sheet of paper . 
 `` we can get into nisha 's house . 
 we can find the evidence ! '' 
 ethan stared at her . 
 `` emma , we need to go straight to the cops . 
 the stuff in here is enough to put garrett away . '' 
 `` but it 's not , '' she argued . 
 `` there 's nothing here that points to garrett . 
 it 's rented under a fake name , paid in cash-and i 'm willing to bet there are n't any fingerprints on any of this stuff , '' she added bitterly . 
 `` the only thing that links garrett to this unit is the key we found , and that 's our word against his . 
 but whatever nisha had was damning enough that garrett killed her for it . '' 
 ethan let out a breath . 
 he glanced around the storage unit , then back at her . 
 `` okay . 
 you 're right . 
 we 'll swing by nisha 's and look around one more time . 
 then we 'll go to the cops and give them what we have . '' 
 she nodded , excitement bubbling in her chest like fresh water from a spring . 
 she felt lighter than she had in weeks . 
 they were so close now-just a little more evidence , and they 'd be able to prove what garrett had done to her sister . 
 `` we should leave the stuff here , how we found it . 
 it 's a crime scene now . '' 
 she slid the paperwork and the photos back into the manila envelope and carefully put it back on the ground . 
 then she picked up socktopus , hugging him to her chest once more before setting him next to the envelope . 
 they locked up the unit and went back to the car . 
 ethan hit the highway , driving carefully but fast . 
 the desert spread out on either side of them , disappearing into darkness just a few feet from the road . 
 emma clutched the key to the storage unit in her hand . 
 hell yeah ! 
 i shouted silently , wishing i could slap my sister five . 
 garrett was finally , finally going down . 
 28 a message from beyond the grave emma pushed through the wrought-iron gate leading to the banerjees ' backyard , ethan right behind her . 
 the house was completely dark , the windows gaping like empty eye sockets . 
 the only light was the moon catching on the surface of the pool , vague and shimmering . 
 the sight made her queasy . 
 it was easy to imagine nisha , facedown , her long hair billowing around her head . 
 `` i hate it back here , '' she whispered . 
 ethan nodded . 
 he slid his fingers through hers and squeezed . 
 two enormous french doors connected the patio to the kitchen . 
 to the left , an alarm panel glowed softly red . 
 emma approached it cautiously , her nerves humming . 
 she could n't risk making a mistake . 
 if the alarm went off , dr. banerjee would change the code again , and who knew what he 'd change it to . 
 for a moment her fingers hovered over the numbers , about to punch in 0907 . 
 then she thought of garrett , and how he 'd already broken in . 
 `` dr. banerjee changed the code , '' she whispered . 
 `` of course . 
 he would have , after finding garrett in his house . 
 there 's no way it 's mrs. banerjee 's birthday anymore . '' 
 ethan 's face fell . 
 `` you 're right . 
 we ca n't ... '' but he trailed off as she spun back to the panel . 
 before she could second-guess herself , emma typed in a new number : 0420 . 
 nisha 's birthday . 
 for a moment , nothing happened . 
 she held her breath , bracing herself for the blare of alarms cutting through the silent night , ready to run as fast as she could back to ethan 's house . 
 but then , after what felt like forever , the light turned green . 
 she heard a soft click inside the door . 
 they were in . 
 she turned to face ethan , a triumphant grin spreading over her face . 
 his jaw hung slack , his head whipping from the panel to her and back again . 
 `` how did you know the right code ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` a hunch . '' 
 ethan swallowed hard . 
 `` jesus , emma , you could have set the alarm off . '' 
 `` a girl 's got to get lucky sometimes . 
 even me . '' 
 she opened the door silently and stepped inside , her eyes adjusting to the deeper gloom of the kitchen . 
 the room had been scrubbed top to bottom since she 'd last seen it . 
 a strong smell of pine-sol lingered on the air , and the bronze fixtures winked in the scanty light . 
 next to the door , a bowl sat on the floor , overflowing with cat kibble . 
 i followed emma 's gaze around the room , remembering the parties and tennis dinners i 'd attended at nisha 's house , standing around the kitchen island with my friends , eating carrot sticks and gossiping . 
 now the house was silent and empty , like the very walls were in mourning . 
 a small sphere of light appeared out of the blue . 
 emma spun around to see ethan , holding a pocket maglite out in front of him . 
 it was attached to his key ring . 
 he handed it to her . 
 `` we should keep the lights off , '' he whispered . 
 `` we do n't want anyone to see us from the street . 
 i 'll check the living room and dr. banerjee 's office . 
 you take her bedroom . 
 meet back here in five minutes ? '' 
 `` okay , '' emma said , leaning up to kiss his cheek . 
 then she turned and slipped into the hall , sending the flashlight 's beam ahead of her . 
 motes of dust swirled in the pale light . 
 the pictures along the hall seemed to leer at her , grotesque in the dark . 
 she flinched as she stepped on a squeaky floorboard , the low squeal sounding as loud as an alarm in the thick silence . 
 what if garrett chose this moment to rebreak into the house ? 
 what if he arrived only to find that she and ethan had beat him to the punch ? 
 she shuddered at the thought of what he might do . 
 at nisha 's bedroom door she paused . 
 even though she 'd already searched this room once , she could n't shake the feeling that the evidence was here . 
 she knew from her years as a foster kid that the only safe hiding place was somewhere personal , close to you . 
 her heart thudding against her ribs , emma paused in the doorway , sending the orb of light slowly over nisha 's things but carefully avoiding the window . 
 everything was just as it had been the last time she visited . 
 crystalline vials of perfume sat on top of nisha 's dresser , next to a small collection of tennis trophies . 
 the creased spines of books faced out from the shelf , neat and alphabetized , and the bedspread was smooth and unruffled . 
 next to the compaq laptop on the desk lay a dvd case for the bbc pride and prejudice miniseries-nisha must have been watching it before she died . 
 nothing seemed out of place . 
 emma hit her fists against her thighs in frustration , her nails digging into her palms . 
 nisha had found something important-and it was still here . 
 emma could feel it in her gut . 
 but where would she have hidden something that important ? 
 the thought came to her slowly , like a lens coming gradually into focus . 
 emma had hidden plenty of things herself-she 'd spent her childhood protecting her scant treasures from nosy foster parents and kleptomaniacal roommates . 
 she inhaled sharply . 
 it seemed too much of a long shot , too simple an answer . 
 but it was worth a try . 
 creeping on the balls of her feet , she pushed the door to nisha 's bathroom open . 
 a small night-light flashed on from the outlet by the mirror . 
 she knelt down by the cabinet and started opening drawers . 
 there , in the gloom beneath the sink , was an enormous , costco-sized carton of tampax . 
 she froze , almost afraid to move . 
 afraid her last decent hope would be quashed . 
 boxes of tampons had been her go-to hiding place for years . 
 but nisha could n't possibly have had the same secret spot ... could she ? 
 slowly , she pulled out the box . 
 her heart felt still in her chest . 
 she groped inside the carton , past the rows of individual boxes , and at the bottom her fingers closed on something that felt like a tube . 
 it was a plain manila folder , rolled into a tight spiral and rubber-banded several times . 
 emma 's head spun as she peeled away the rubber bands and smoothed the folder flat on the ground . 
 paper-clipped to the outside of the folder was a piece of pink hello kitty notepaper . 
 she recognized nisha 's neat handwriting right away . 
 sutton , i 'm so sorry . 
 i had a bad feeling about this after we talked , and i had to check . 
 you need to know the truth . 
 holding her breath , she flipped the folder open . 
 on the top page , the words university of arizona medical center records were typed in a large bold font . 
 under `` department '' someone had scrawled the word psychiatric in black pen . 
 when i saw the name written on the form next to patient , it did n't register at first . 
 the letters were like hieroglyphics , strange and illegible . 
 but then the world snapped into a painful , horrifying clarity . 
 the name sparked something in my memory , and with a deafening roar began pulling me back to that night in the canyon . 
 and i knew with sickening certainty that finally , finally , i was going to relive the last moments of my life . 
 29 the last memory i ca n't breathe . 
 the shirt collar digs into my throat , crushing my windpipe . 
 i kick my legs furiously , but already i 'm seeing spots , and garrett is much too strong for me . 
 far below my feet the wind rushes through the ravine with a lost , lonely howl . 
 garrett 's face is inches from mine , twisted into a mask of fury that 's almost unrecognizable in the moonlight . 
 i dimly register that my shirt is tearing as he shakes me back and forth . 
 i 'm going to die here , in this canyon where i used to go camping with my dad , where thayer and i stole some of our first kisses , where laurel and i used to tell ghost stories . 
 finally garrett lets go , and a scream erupts from the depths of my ragged lungs , echoing off the walls of the canyon . 
 but i do n't fall far . 
 i land in a heap on the ground , crumpled at garrett 's feet . 
 inches behind me i can feel the ravine yawning wide . 
 my heart roars in my ears , adrenaline singing in my blood . 
 i 'm alive . 
 my fingers curl through the dirt , raw and stinging . 
 my face feels wet , and i realize that i 'm crying . 
 garrett looms over me , shuddering violently as if the force of his rage might literally tear him apart . 
 then he turns his face to me , and it 's as red and tear-streaked as my own . 
 he 's crying , too . 
 i stare up at him , suddenly unable to move , my heart aching . 
 we stay like this for a few minutes : me sitting motionless on the brink of the cliff , garrett standing there , bruised and broken by his own anger . 
 and in spite of everything that 's happened , i feel sorry for him . 
 at last he sits in the dirt next to me , his cheeks slick with tears . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he reaches out to touch me , but i flinch . 
 he pulls his hand away , looking as wounded as if i 'd slapped him . 
 i wipe at my eyes . 
 the wind makes my tear-streaked cheeks feel raw . 
 `` were you going to throw me over the edge ? '' 
 i ask , my voice small in my ears . 
 garrett gapes at me . 
 `` sutton , i would never ... '' he trails off . 
 slowly he holds his hands up in front of his face . 
 horror dawns in his eyes , and it 's like he 's looking at someone else 's hands , like he 's just now realizing how strong they are , how beyond his control . 
 how close he had been to hurting me . 
 he looks up at me again , and this time it 's fear that pinches his face . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt anyone , '' he whispers . 
 i do n't say anything . 
 it does n't matter what he wants anymore . 
 garrett has been too volatile for a long time . 
 the attack on his sister cut something inside of him loose , and he has been out of control ever since . 
 the stars gleam bluish-white overhead . 
 garrett is slow to catch his breath , and even after he does , the occasional sob seizes his lungs . 
 somewhere nearby i hear twigs breaking-probably a possum or raccoon , some night creature waddling clumsily through the bushes . 
 `` garrett , i need to know . 
 did you ... steal my car and chase ... me ? '' 
 i ask , not wanting to say thayer 's name for fear of setting him off once more . 
 garrett 's jaw drops , and i can already see the answer in his shocked face . 
 `` someone stole your car and chased you ? '' 
 my head swims with the mysteries of this never-ending night . 
 `` yeah ... kind of . '' 
 garrett looks sickened . 
 `` do you really think i 'd do something like that ? '' 
 our eyes meet . 
 i force myself not to look away . 
 `` i do n't know anymore , garrett . '' 
 he bites his lip so hard a drop of blood wells up . 
 then , slowly , he crawls close to the edge of the ravine , until his feet are dangling over the side . 
 his body sways slightly with the alcohol still clouding his brain . 
 `` be careful , garrett , '' i say , an edge creeping into my voice . 
 `` this is a really sharp drop . '' 
 he looks up at me , and in the dark his eyes look like fathomless pits . 
 his face writhes in torment , a frantic , miserable expression shifting over him . 
 my heart is suddenly in my throat , and i 'm not sure why . 
 `` would n't it be easier if the only person i hurt was myself ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 another shiver passes through him . 
 his hair sticks up like a blond halo around his head , bright against the wide darkness beyond him . 
 `` garrett . '' 
 i 'm kneeling now , my bare legs aching beneath me . 
 the scrapes on my knees burn against the stony outcropping . 
 `` things will be better . 
 i promise . 
 but you have to back up for me . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` things wo n't be better , '' he says softly . 
 `` not for me . '' 
 he leans forward , his eyes wide and staring into the abyss . 
 `` maybe i could make them better for everyone else , though . '' 
 the fear from a moment ago is back , but now it 's different-now i 'm not afraid for myself . 
 i inch closer to him . 
 `` do you really think louisa would feel that way ? 
 or your mom ? '' 
 the wind swirls up from the ravine , cutting right through my hoodie , so sharp i can feel it in my bones . 
 `` how do you think they 'd feel if they lost you ? '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` how do you think i 'd feel ? '' 
 i can hear the faint echo of my own voice dancing through the chasm below . 
 how would i feel ? 
 i know i do n't love garrett . 
 but i do care about him . 
 when we first got together , i thought i could help him get over the things that had hurt him . 
 i thought if i were pretty enough , charming enough , fun enough , if i could distract him enough , he 'd just get better . 
 now that seems insanely narcissistic , even for me . 
 `` please , garrett , '' i say , my voice shaking . 
 i hold out my hand to him . 
 `` come off the ledge , okay ? 
 please . '' 
 he stares at my hand , his face strange and distant . 
 his eyes seem to have a hard time focusing , his head wobbling on his neck . 
 for a moment we 're frozen in place , and i ca n't breathe . 
 then his hand clasps mine , and my shoulders sag with relief . 
 his palm is moist , and the salt of his sweat burns the stings and cuts i 've accumulated all night long . 
 i pull him toward me , away from that nightmare abyss . 
 he stumbles against me . 
 i put my arms around him to steady him , and we stand like that for a moment . 
 i can feel the tremble that 's seized his body , fluttering against my heart . 
 `` we should get out of here , '' he whispers . 
 the scare seems to have sobered him up a little . 
 his pupils are enormous in the darkness , his eyes focusing more clearly now . 
 i let go of him . 
 i 'm suddenly tired to the bone , my body limp as a rag doll . 
 for a moment i think about climbing down with garrett . 
 his car will be in the parking lot , and he will be able to take me home . 
 he seems clear-headed enough to drive now , and i can tell how bad he feels , both for accosting me and for almost dropping me . 
 but i do n't feel safe with him . 
 i know how hurt he 's been , and i know he does n't mean to lash out-but i 've been making excuses for him for months now . 
 `` you go ahead , '' i say . 
 my voice is soft but firm . 
 `` i want some time alone , okay ? '' 
 he frowns at me . 
 `` it 's dangerous out here at night . 
 i do n't think i should leave you . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` look , it 's been a crazy night . 
 i need some time to process it all , okay ? 
 i 'll be all right . 
 i 'll head down to nisha 's when i 'm ready to get out of here . 
 but right now i just need a little space . '' 
 he does n't let go of my hand . 
 for just a moment he looks into my eyes , and i can see everything he wants to say there-how sorry he is , how sad he is , how much he loves me . 
 i look away , toward the bright city lights . 
 `` will you call me tomorrow ? '' 
 he asks , a slight tremor in his voice . 
 i hesitate . 
 i want so badly to break it off with him , once and for all . 
 i want a brand-new start when i walk off this mountain . 
 but if i set him off again , who knows what he 'll do ? 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll call you tomorrow . '' 
 tomorrow , when he 's sober , when we 're not in the middle of nowhere , i 'll rip the bandage off . 
 i 'll end it and tell him my decision is final . 
 but for now this is the best i can do . 
 he reaches out to take my hand in his . 
 we stand that way for a minute , him cradling my fingers in his palm . 
 something about it-how tender he 's gotten , and how ashamed-twists my heart . 
 then he pulls away , still a little shaky on his feet , and turns wordlessly , walking slowly down the trail to the parking lot . 
 i can hear him even after he disappears from my sight , breaking branches and stumbling . 
 a profound silence settles over the canyon when he 's gone . 
 all of the city sounds-barking dogs and sirens and cruising motors-have died away . 
 it 's a strange feeling . 
 all day long , i 'm surrounded by voices that tell me where i belong , what i should be doing , who i am . 
 but tonight , in this deep , dark silence , i can decide that for myself . 
 i climb onto a low boulder and stare out over the city . 
 it 's beautiful and calm from here . 
 people are asleep in their beds , never suspecting that one lonely girl is looking at the twinkling lights outside their homes . 
 i 've only been out here a few hours , but it feels like years have passed . 
 i 've learned so much tonight , about who i am and where i came from . 
 about who i want to be . 
 it 's hard to know what tomorrow will hold-i 'll have to face my dad again , after discovering his secrets . 
 i 'll have to face laurel , who 's spent the night in the er with thayer . 
 then i think about the e-mail draft on my phone . 
 i quickly pull it up , but just as i suspected , the top corner is flashing with no service . 
 i reread it , and a little thrill goes through me . 
 i mean every word . 
 the moment that i have a signal again , i 'm sending this to thayer . 
 and my secret twin sister-i will find her , if it 's the last thing i do . 
 and deep inside my sore , stiff body , i feel a sense of peace . 
 everything is going to be different , starting tomorrow . 
 i stand up , brushing the dirt off my thighs . 
 i 've had enough soul-searching for one night . 
 it 's time for my pajamas and a cup of my mom 's peppermint tea . 
 time to get down the mountain and find a ride home . 
 but then someone clears his throat behind me . 
 i turn slowly to see a guy standing there . 
 he 's tall , with high cheekbones and dark hair . 
 his frayed hiking shorts show off his muscular calves . 
 on his hands he wears black climbing gloves , and a bashful smile plays around his lips . 
 it 's ethan landry . 
 `` oh . 
 hey , '' i say , jerking my neck backward in surprise . 
 `` what are you doing out here ? '' 
 even in the pale moonlight i can see him blush . 
 he kicks at a stone with the tip of his sneaker . 
 `` sorry to startle you . 
 i saw you on the trail from my house , '' he says , gesturing to the darkness below us . 
 `` i was watching the stars . 
 there 's a meteor shower tonight . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 ethan watches me intently , and i suddenly feel self-conscious . 
 there 's blood caked on one leg where i scraped myself , and i 've fallen in the dirt a half dozen times . 
 i run my fingers through my hair and come away with a leaf in my hand . 
 ethan steps closer , and i can see him more clearly now . 
 a concerned frown crumples his brow . 
 it seems odd that he 's out so late , but ethan 's always been a little bit odd-i remember him carrying around a tarantula in a jar in junior high , and getting in trouble during gym class for looking at the flowers in the outfield when he was supposed to be playing baseball . 
 he 's not exactly in my circle-he 's cute enough , but he 's always been so shy . 
 then recently , he walked in on a lying game prank gone out of control . 
 it was laurel 's stupid snuff film , and ethan had pulled her off me and then stayed with me while my head cleared . 
 now he shifts his weight , shoving his hands in his pockets . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you look ... well , you look like you 've had a long night . '' 
 `` oh , yeah ... i 'm okay . '' 
 my smile trembles a little and then collapses . 
 `` it 's been a really weird night , is all . '' 
 he touches my shoulder , his hand warm through my shirt . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 and suddenly , i do . 
 my voice shaking and weak , i tell him everything . 
 about thayer coming to town , and how we fought , and how someone ran him down . 
 about my dad being my grandfather , and becky appearing after i 'd wondered about my birth mother so long . 
 about how garrett had been getting out of control , so angry and so hurt he lashed out at everything around him . 
 it all comes flooding out of me . 
 ethan does n't try to interrupt or offer advice . 
 he just nods every now and then , watching me steadily through his long lashes . 
 `` i feel like a different person than when i climbed up here , '' i finish . 
 `` i know that sounds lame . 
 but so much has happened . '' 
 `` it does n't sound lame , '' he says . 
 `` you 've been through a lot tonight . '' 
 his eyes are focused on my face . 
 i 'm suddenly aware that i 've just told him things i 'm not even ready to tell my best friends-and i barely know him . 
 the thought makes me a little nervous . 
 but ethan 's such a good listener , and he never told anyone about the snuff film . 
 i feel implicitly that i can trust him . 
 when he puts his arm around my shoulder , i feel safe for the first time all night . 
 `` please do n't tell anyone , '' i whisper . 
 `` i 'm not really ready for people to know all this . '' 
 `` of course , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll keep all your secrets , sutton . '' 
 my face breaks into a smile . 
 i feel so much lighter after unloading everything that 's happened . 
 confiding in ethan feels so natural , so comfortable-i wonder how we 've been in school together since we were kids and yet barely ever talked . 
 he 's always been so quiet , almost standoffish . 
 then again , i probably have n't seemed like the friendliest person to him , either . 
 the more i think about it , the more i realize that it 's not just school where i 've seen ethan . 
 we 've crossed paths countless times , at the coffee shop , at the movie theater . 
 sometimes he 's hanging out alone at the park when i go to the tennis courts , sitting on a bench reading a paperback . 
 we 've orbited each other for years , and we 've never connected . 
 not until tonight . 
 i smile up at him . 
 `` i never had a chance to tell you thanks . 
 for , you know , helping me that night . 
 when my friends were pranking me . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` you guys sure play rough with each other . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i give an embarrassed laugh . 
 `` that one got really out of control . '' 
 `` friends are n't supposed to hurt each other that way . '' 
 his voice sounds strangely choked . 
 i put my arm around his waist and hug him . 
 `` you 're right , '' i say softly . 
 `` you should be able to count on your friends . '' 
 the stars are vibrant overhead now . 
 i tilt my head up to look at their bright light . 
 one in particular catches my eye , pure white and so steady it does n't flicker like the others do . 
 it 's so beautiful i do n't notice ethan 's hand on my chin for a moment . 
 then he 's leaning over me , his lips soft against mine . 
 a surprised jolt runs through me . 
 ethan landry is n't a boy i 've ever even imagined kissing . 
 for a moment i 'm so stunned i do n't move . 
 then i put my hands on his chest and push him gently away . 
 `` oh , ethan , no . 
 i 'm so sorry if i 've done anything to mislead you , but i just-i like you as a friend . '' 
 my voice is as soft as i can make it . 
 `` i 'm in love with thayer . '' 
 `` do n't say that , sutton , '' he murmurs . 
 i stare up at him , and his eyes are filled with earnest tenderness . 
 `` i 've been in love with you for years . '' 
 `` in love with me ? '' 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i laugh . 
 it sounds shrill and cruel even to me , and i instantly feel bad . 
 `` you do n't even know me , '' i say , lowering my voice . 
 `` yes , i do . 
 i know everything about you , '' he says . 
 his voice is strangely calm and commanding , as if there 's no room for argument . 
 as if he could convince me to love him by reasoning with me . 
 `` i know you 've been trying to sleep with garrett austin all summer . 
 i know you 've been sneaking around with thayer vega . 
 neither one of them deserves you , but you do n't seem to get that . 
 i know you 're adopted and that you 've always felt like your family could n't possibly love you as much as they love laurel . 
 i know you 're afraid nisha 's going to beat you out for the state title this fall , because you 've barely practiced all summer . 
 i know you need your friends to be afraid of you so they do n't get too close to you-and so you wo n't have to feel hurt if they ever abandon you . '' 
 my mouth falls open . 
 somewhere at the back of my mind , an alarm goes off . 
 this has to be some kind of joke . 
 some kind of prank . 
 but he 's not done . 
 `` and i know something you do n't know . '' 
 a smile sneaks up the corners of his mouth , like he 's been waiting a long time to tell me this . 
 `` i know where your twin sister is . 
 emma . 
 i 've been watching her for weeks . 
 i found her for you , sutton . '' 
 for a heartbeat , i feel like i 'm paralyzed . 
 then the anger comes , a quick , savage spike . 
 i did n't even know about emma until a few hours ago . 
 how the hell did he ? 
 `` have you been out here spying on me ? '' 
 my voice rings with a hard edge . 
 i push away from him , taking a step back . 
 `` that 's not cool , ethan . '' 
 a shadow flits across his face . 
 `` are n't you listening ? 
 i found emma . 
 for you . 
 do you know how hard that was ? 
 i even went to las vegas to make sure i had the right girl . 
 it was uncanny-you 're totally identical . '' 
 `` that 's not the point ! '' 
 my muscles tense . 
 something about this is all wrong . 
 `` ethan , i do n't know how you knew about emma , but ... '' `` i told you . '' 
 his voice is calm but insistent , like he 's reasoning with a child . 
 `` i found her for you . 
 because i love you . '' 
 i feel sicker every time he says it . 
 how long has he been following me ? 
 listening to my conversations ? 
 he knows things about me i have n't even told my best friends . 
 things i have n't even told thayer . 
 and he 's been planning to give me my sister , as a present-like she was some kind of thing . 
 but maybe that 's how he thinks about me , too . 
 as a thing , to be fought over and won . 
 `` jesus , ethan . '' 
 i shake my head , disgust curling my lip . 
 `` i do n't think you know what love is . '' 
 then i 'm turning away from him , determined to start back down the mountain , but his hand darts out to clamp around my wrist . 
 he pulls me back toward him , leaning in to kiss me again . 
 his mouth is almost sickeningly sweet . 
 panic shoots through me , and before i can think about it , i bite down on his lip-hard . 
 he throws me to the ground , his hand flying to his mouth in pain . 
 `` are you insane ? '' 
 i shriek . 
 then i see his eyes , with their long , dark lashes . 
 empty and implacable . 
 and i realize : he is . 
 i scramble away from him , stumbling to my feet just as he lunges , and break into a sprint down the trail , trying to put distance between us . 
 cacti and brambles claw at my ankles . 
 behind me , i can sense ethan more than hear him-his feet make almost no sound on the hard-packed earth , but i can feel him in my wake , his hands just inches from me . 
 i think back to the headlights in the darkness , bearing down on me and thayer-my car . 
 i 'm suddenly certain that it was ethan behind the wheel . 
 but i 'm faster than he is . 
 i make a mental note to thank coach maggie for every sprinting drill she 's ever made me do as i leap lightly over a small boulder . 
 i 'm going to get away from him-i 'm going to head back to the visitor center , and the instant i have service i 'm going to call 911 and have his creeper ass dragged off to jail . 
 i 'm going to go home to my family , to thayer , and i 'm going to put this whole god-awful night behind me forever . 
 my sneaker catches on something and curls under my foot , and my feet dance dangerously under me as i try to keep my balance . 
 to my left the ravine opens hungrily . 
 before i can move he grabs me around the waist , pulling me off my feet . 
 his breath is hot against my ear . 
 `` i do n't understand why you 're fighting this , '' he growls , his arms so tight i ca n't breathe . 
 `` you 're supposed to love me ! 
 we 're supposed to be together . '' 
 he spins me around to face him , his teeth bared in frustration . 
 below us , i can hear the wind howling through the chasm . 
 pebbles slide away from my feet , sounding like raindrops as they fall . 
 i scream , my voice tearing through the night . 
 a burst of anger shoots through me , burning hotter than my fear . 
 he 's a liar , a manipulator-and he 's been stalking me . 
 `` i 'll never love you , '' i hiss , spitting in his face . 
 he gives a howl of anger , and twists my wrists so hard spasms of pain shoot up my arm . 
 i writhe in his grip , and for a moment we 're motionless , grappling silently for control . 
 then my feet are sliding out from under me , my body slipping out of his grasp , and i am falling . 
 the last thing i see is his pale , shocked face , his hand still outstretched toward me . 
 then the darkness swallows me , and the world is nothing but wind and stone . 
 i fall . 
 or rather , i tumble . 
 my body careens off every outcropping of stone and every protruding branch . 
 i flail around , grasping for any kind of handhold . 
 for a minute my fingers close around a clump of exposed roots . 
 then the roots tear free from the earth , and gravity has me again . 
 when i land , my lungs claw inside my chest for what seems like ages before i can take a breath . 
 the world is brilliant with agony , shimmering and surreal . 
 when my eyes focus again , i can see a shard of bone protruding from my left leg . 
 from somewhere nearby i can hear something scrambling around . 
 i try to pull myself up on my elbows , but everything goes white with the effort . 
 sweat and blood drip down into my face . 
 and he 's here now , standing over me . 
 ethan . 
 `` please help me , '' i croak . 
 `` my leg 's broken . 
 i ca n't walk . '' 
 ethan kneels down next to me . 
 for a minute his face is cloaked in shadows . 
 he fumbles around next to me-i ca n't see what he 's doing . 
 every time i try to move my head the world spins . 
 but then a cool white light illuminates the angles of his face . 
 he 's pulled my iphone out from my purse-i can make out the polka dots on its kate spade cover . 
 `` there 's no service down here , '' i say . 
 pain ripples out from my leg in sickening waves . 
 `` please . 
 you have to walk back to the parking lot and call 911 . '' 
 he looks down at me , his face strangely blank in the electronic glow of the phone . 
 it 's almost like he does n't recognize me . 
 for some reason this scares me more than anything that happened at the top of the cliff . 
 i start to cry , my body heaving in choked , painful sobs . 
 `` i ca n't believe you made me do this , '' he says , his voice hollow with disappointment . 
 `` after everything i did for you . 
 i did n't want this . 
 i thought you were different , sutton . '' 
 then he 's kneeling down over me , fumbling at my shirt collar . 
 his fingers close around the locket at my throat , and he pulls so sharply the chain breaks . 
 `` give it back ! '' 
 i scream , my breath ragged . 
 `` give it back , you a ** hole ! '' 
 but he 's already moved away from me , into the shadows . 
 the gentle twinkle of the stars has become pulsing and rhythmic . 
 they throb in time with my heartbeat , flaring and then fading , flaring and fading . 
 then he 's back , looming over me . 
 he 's nothing but a dark shape blocking out the stars behind him . 
 there 's a jagged , pointed rock in his hands . 
 he holds it high overhead . 
 `` if i ca n't have you , no one can , '' he says . 
 i close my eyes , but i can still hear it whistling through the air as he brings it down over my head . 
 before i can even scream out , the world explodes in light-the grand finale of a summer fireworks display-and then , just as quickly , my world goes suddenly , finally dark . 
 30 the envelope , please emma stared down at the records in her hand . 
 written in black ink across the top form was the patient 's name . 
 ethan landry . 
 for a moment she thought about stuffing the paperwork back in the envelope , back into the tampax box under the sink . 
 she 'd had the chance to look at this once before , when she 'd broken into the hospital about a month earlier . 
 but she had chosen not to invade ethan 's privacy-and she still did n't want to . 
 ethan had been honest with her about the whole thing . 
 when she 'd asked him about the files , he told her the story : how his dad had been beating his mom , and ethan had intervened , hitting his father over the head with a beer bottle-only to have his mother call the police on him . 
 she 'd reported him as `` violent '' and had him admitted to the psychiatric ward . 
 emma 's heart ached when she thought about it . 
 in a way , ethan had been abandoned by his family , just like she had . 
 but her eyes moved across nisha 's note again . 
 sutton , i 'm so sorry . 
 she 'd been so certain that the evidence nisha found was some kind of proof that garrett killed sutton . 
 but it seemed obvious from her note that nisha had no idea sutton had died . 
 what had she called and texted so frantically about , then ? 
 why had garrett come to kill her if she did n't have evidence against him ? 
 emma 's fingers clutched the folder sharply . 
 she did n't understand any of this . 
 but i did . 
 `` get out of there ! '' 
 i screamed , terror churning inside me . 
 the whole world was upside down . 
 my sister was alone in a house with my murderer-and she trusted him . 
 she loved him . 
 she did n't suspect a thing . 
 emma bit her lip . 
 whatever nisha had seen in ethan 's file had clearly freaked her out , even if it had nothing to do with sutton 's murder . 
 she glanced back into the bedroom . 
 on the other end of the house she could hear movement , drawers opening and closing as ethan searched dr. banerjee 's study . 
 as quietly as she could , she shut and locked the bathroom door , and started to read . 
 reason for treatment : patient was referred to our facility for court-ordered psychiatric services upon his family 's relocation to tucson . 
 this was a condition of ethan 's acquittal in the san diego family court system . 
 emma 's blood ran cold . 
 she glanced at the date at the top of the records . 
 they were almost eight years old-ethan would have been ten . 
 a child . 
 what could he have possibly done at ten that required an acquittal ? 
 in april , ethan -lrb- age ten at the time -rrb- was seen playing with a neighborhood girl -lrb- age eight -rrb- in a culvert near their home in san diego . 
 a city worker who 'd been assigned to clear a nearby drainage ditch testified that he witnessed ethan strangling the girl , but by the time he was able to intervene , the girl had died . 
 when interviewed by police , ethan claimed he had only been playing and that he had not intended to kill the girl . 
 due to his young age he was tried in family court , where he was acquitted of manslaughter . 
 it was felt that ethan displayed remorse for what he claimed was an accident , and that he had n't properly understood his own strength when roughhousing with the victim . 
 emma felt like something was clamped down around her lungs , cold and metallic and painful . 
 this was n't what ethan had told her . 
 for a moment she thought it had to be a mistake , or a joke . 
 maybe nisha had been trying to get into the lying game and had mocked these up to mess with her . 
 but somewhere at the back of her mind emma knew the records were real . 
 the papers shook in her fingers . 
 she turned the page quickly , her breath short and hard . 
 over the course of our sessions , ethan confided in me that he had considered the deceased to be his `` best friend , '' but that she 'd been playing with another child from the neighborhood just before her death . 
 again and again , he told me that `` you were n't supposed to have more than one best friend . '' 
 ultimately , ethan confessed to me that he 'd killed elizabeth pascal on purpose , then lied to the authorities . 
 due to the double-jeopardy clause i am unable to make this observation to the court , as ethan has already been acquitted . 
 her mind reeling , emma shook her head as if someone were reading the notes out loud to her . 
 the shrink had to be wrong . 
 she must have misunderstood what ethan told him . 
 the little girl 's death had been an accident , a mistake , and ethan had been carrying this guilt for his entire life . 
 no wonder he had n't wanted to tell emma the truth . 
 he must have been tormented by the memory . 
 she kept reading , faster this time , looking for the words that would reflect her ethan , the caring , thoughtful boy she had fallen in love with . 
 ethan is incredibly gifted at playing to an audience . 
 i have caught him in dozens of lies in the past six months , all engineered to manipulate my opinion of him . 
 in our first sessions he seemed confused and saddened by what he had done ; once he 'd made sure i could not do anything to indict him , however , he could n't seem to resist telling me the details of what must now be called a murder . 
 he has a need to show off and reveal the depths of his own cleverness , which in this case has led to his confession for a crime he can no longer be charged with . 
 i am of the opinion that ethan has antisocial personality disorder with obsessive tendencies , possibly bordering on psychopathy . 
 it is likely that he will display violent behavior again . 
 she whipped through the pages of the report , looking for a note that said obviously this had been a huge mistake , that ethan landry could n't have hurt a fly . 
 she tried to find the word cured rubber-stamped across a page in green ink . 
 but the transcripts attached to the report did n't seem to challenge the doctor 's opinion . 
 `` if she was n't going to be my friend , she did n't matter anymore . 
 she deserved what she got , '' ethan said in one session . 
 in another , he boasted : `` the police officers in san diego are stupid . 
 they were really easy to trick . 
 you 're actually pretty stupid too , dr. white , but that 's okay . 
 i like talking to you anyway . '' 
 the taste of bile filled emma 's mouth . 
 even as her brain spun , making frantic excuses and explanations-this was n't her ethan , the shrink was wrong , the reports were fake-in some dark corner of her mind , thoughts were cascading into one another like falling dominoes . 
 only ethan had known she was n't sutton . 
 none of sutton 's friends or family had figured it out . 
 but ethan , a boy sutton barely knew , had confronted emma that very first week in tucson . 
 you 're not who you say you are , he 'd told her . 
 you 're not sutton . 
 you 're someone else . 
 she remembered , with a cold , sick dread , that she 'd immediately accused him of killing her sister-how else could he have known that sutton was gone ? 
 he 'd recoiled as though she 'd slapped him , his face gray . 
 sutton 's dead ? 
 he 'd repeated , clearly shocked . 
 and emma-trusting , naive emma-hadn ' t questioned him again . 
 she 'd simply broken down and told him the whole story , desperate for an ally . 
 another domino fell . 
 ethan lived across the street from the canyon . 
 ethan had a telescope that was always angled in that direction . 
 ethan had been positioned perfectly to watch sutton on her last night alive-and to watch emma arrive and leave her duffel bag on a park bench . 
 time froze as emma quickly rewound through the last four months , replaying every moment , every conversation with ethan . 
 how he 'd fed her information and encouraged her to pursue different suspects . 
 how he 'd tried to keep her away from thayer , and then garrett . 
 how desperate he 'd been to keep her from nisha 's house when she 'd wanted to look for the evidence . 
 how ethan had arrived late to dinner at the mercers ' the night nisha had died-how he had n't been in school that day . 
 and she knew he was an expert hacker . 
 her heart froze over in her chest , hard and metallic , heavy with certainty . 
 ethan had killed nisha . 
 ethan had killed her sister . 
 and now she was alone with him in a dark house . 
 footsteps echoed in the kitchen , and she froze . 
 `` here , kitty , kitty , '' came ethan 's voice . 
 it sounded strangely distorted , like it belonged to a stranger . 
 emma listened furtively , and then fumbled in her purse for the burner cell . 
 her hands were shaking so hard she had to try a few times before she managed to dial the right number . 
 when the line began to ring , she crammed her fist in her mouth to keep from letting out a sob . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 laurel 's voice cut through the dense silence . 
 emma flinched , covering the speaker with one hand . 
 down the hall she heard something clatter onto the tile . 
 `` hello ? 
 who is this ? '' 
 `` it 's me , '' she hissed . 
 she cupped her hand around her mouth , her knuckles white around the phone . 
 `` emma . '' 
 `` emma ? '' 
 laurel 's voice shot up an octave . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` laurel , '' emma gasped , swallowing a frantic sob . 
 `` it 's ethan . 
 he did it , there are these files at nisha 's house , and it sounds like he 's killed before . '' 
 `` emma , wait , slow down , '' laurel instructed . 
 but emma could n't stop , the words tumbling from her mouth . 
 `` i do n't know what to do . 
 i 'm alone in nisha 's house with him ... '' emma trailed off as footsteps echoed down the hall . 
 her jaw started to shake . 
 she fumbled the phone , then jammed her finger against the power button and shoved it into the depths of her bag . 
 the file was still in her hands . 
 she glanced wildly around the room , looking for somewhere to put it . 
 just outside the door , a floorboard creaked . 
 quickly , she shoved the file back under the sink , back behind the tampax box . 
 as she stood up again and opened the bathroom door , she came face-to-face with ethan . 
 `` were you talking to someone in here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` just ... just myself . 
 it helps me think , '' she said , clasping her fingers together behind her back so he could n't see them shaking . 
 all she could think about was the file , inches from them both . 
 she forced herself not to look toward the sink . 
 `` did you find anything ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` nothing . 
 what about you ? '' 
 `` no , nothing . '' 
 she knew as soon as she 'd said it that she 'd answered too quickly . 
 her voice was shrill in her ears . 
 he blinked , staring at her strangely . 
 then he exhaled loudly . 
 `` whatever nisha had on garrett , i guess she hid it really well . '' 
 he glanced around the room . 
 for a moment she could have sworn his gaze lingered on the cabinet . 
 then he looked back at her . 
 `` we just have to hope that the stuff in the storage unit is enough to put garrett away . '' 
 she nodded silently . 
 her insides felt stripped raw . 
 ethan stood before her , the same ethan he 'd been ten minutes earlier . 
 the same ethan who told her he loved her , who covered her face in tender kisses . 
 the same ethan she 'd given her virginity to . 
 but he 'd never been that ethan , not really . 
 he slid his fingers through hers , as he 'd done a thousand times before . 
 but now the touch sent a howl of panic sweeping through her . 
 that hand had killed her sister . 
 she fought to control the tremor of fear running up and down her body . 
 she could n't let him sense it . 
 `` let 's go , '' ethan whispered . 
 `` there 's nothing for us here . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' she said , and let him lead her down the hall . 
 agassi crouched over his bowl , eating his kibble with a crunch that seemed loud in the silent kitchen . 
 ethan pushed the patio door open , then turned back to face her . 
 for a moment her legs refused to budge . 
 she stood frozen in the middle of the room , her eyes wide and staring , her heart hammering in her chest . 
 for a split second she thought she saw ethan 's expression shift , an uncertain frown flickering over his face . 
 she swallowed hard , then followed him out the door . 
 her only hope was to play along like nothing had changed and get to the police station . 
 once she was there , once she was safe , then she could start to think of a better plan . 
 she forced a smile as they pushed back through the wrought-iron gate to where ethan had parked his car . 
 `` i ca n't believe this is almost over , '' she whispered . 
 `` me neither . '' 
 he ran his fingertips lightly up her arm . 
 she shivered at the touch , her throat constricting in a wave of revulsion . 
 ethan opened the passenger-side door of his honda . 
 panic ripped through me as i realized my sister was going to get in with him . 
 i wished i could grab her shirt and pull her back . 
 emma seemed to have the same thought-she paused with one sneaker on the footboard . 
 fear clawed at her stomach , but there was something else churning there too , a softer , sadder emotion . 
 ethan stood next to her , waiting to close the door for her the way he always did . 
 he gave her a curious look . 
 she reached up to put her hand on his cheek . 
 `` thank you , ethan , '' she said . 
 and slowly , she stood up on her tiptoes and placed a single , soft kiss on his lips . 
 she did n't know whether she had kissed him to lull him into a false sense of security-or to say good-bye . 
 ethan gave her a long , tender look , his hand touching her lips . 
 then he shut the door carefully behind her , walking around the car to get in on the driver 's side . 
 emma clutched the sides of the seat as they pulled away from the house , her knuckles white and aching . 
 the scant houses they passed were draped in red and green lights , plastic reindeer perched on roofs or in xeriscaped yards . 
 one family had hung a giant neon candy cane over their four-car garage . 
 the roads were winding out here , and she felt disoriented in the darkness . 
 emma 's stomach pitched with every turn , her breath shallow and fast . 
 she watched ethan from the corner of her eye . 
 he drove with both hands on the wheel , his face washed out by the pale blue dashboard light . 
 it gave him a spooky , alien look . 
 not quite human . 
 it only slowly dawned on her that something was not quite right-they should have hit a main road by now . 
 she stared out the window , trying to figure out where they were . 
 when she saw the neon candy cane for a second time , she turned to look at him . 
 `` i think you missed the turn , '' she said , her voice tight with anxiety . 
 alarm bells started to go off at the back of my mind . 
 i stared silently at ethan . 
 he did n't take his eyes off the road . 
 `` i know you found the records , emma . '' 
 his voice was so low she almost thought she was imagining it for a minute . 
 `` you know as well as i do that we 're not going to the cops . '' 
 the car hummed into gear as he slowly pushed down on the gas pedal . 
 for a moment emma 's eyes went out of focus , the world blurring around her . 
 she could feel the car accelerating . 
 ahead of the car she caught sight of nisha 's house , and ethan 's next to it-but they were n't slowing down . 
 he was heading straight for the desert . 
 she did n't think . 
 she groped along the car door , her fingers finally landing on the lock , and wrenched the door open before he could react . 
 bracing herself , tucking her head against her chin and rolling up into a ball , she jumped out of the moving car . 
 the impact knocked her teeth against one another , the vibrations resonating through her skull . 
 gravel and asphalt tore at her skin as she rolled toward the ditch . 
 for a moment she could n't breathe , her lungs flat in her chest . 
 she heard the car 's wheels screech to a halt , yards away . 
 there was no time . 
 she scrambled to her feet , gulping for air . 
 then she started to run , blindly , desperately . 
 ethan had circled the block-she would have sensed it if she had n't been so terrified . 
 now his house loomed in front of her . 
 next door the banerjee house was dark and silent-but farther down the block there were lights in the windows . 
 strangers-but her only hope . 
 she put on a burst of speed , screaming at the top of her lungs . 
 `` help ! 
 help ! '' 
 with a snarl of the engine , ethan 's car cut across her path , between her and the houses she 'd been running for . 
 she stumbled , bouncing against the passenger-side door before catching her balance . 
 the car idled in front of her , and she could just make out his face , tense and focused . 
 he was inches away-if he wanted , he could jump out and grab her in a heartbeat . 
 she had no choice . 
 she bolted away from him-straight toward sabino canyon , with ethan on her heels . 
 just as i had the night he killed me . 
 31 endgame emma ran blindly , hurtling into the depths of the canyon . 
 branches clawed at her ankles and whipped across her face . 
 ethan 's car door slammed somewhere behind her , but she did n't turn to look . 
 adrenaline soared through her blood , and she flew into the trees beyond the parking lot . 
 a crow screamed from the top of a boulder , warning the forest of her coming . 
 the trail was steep , and her sneakers knocked dirt loose as she climbed . 
 behind her she could hear ethan scrambling for purchase , gaining on her . 
 she whimpered , desperation coursing through her . 
 it was like a nightmare-except in a nightmare , you could wake up . 
 the deeper she got into the canyon , the stronger i could feel its hold on me-the awful , magnetic pull that drew me there . 
 out here the world seemed sharper and more terrifying . 
 but out here i also felt stronger , the senses that i shared with emma somehow clearer . 
 this was where my body had been broken . 
 and now my sister was running toward the same fate . 
 `` emma , you have to go back ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 `` you have to get out of here ! '' 
 tucson opened out below as she reached the overlook . 
 far away she could hear the rush of traffic , the thud of someone 's car stereo . 
 she risked a glance behind her and saw ethan 's form steadily following her . 
 a strangled sob twisted her lungs , and she bolted again , trying to pick up speed . 
 her foot caught on a half-buried root on the trail . 
 for a moment she kept her balance , her legs dancing beneath her . 
 but then ethan was on top of her , tackling her to the ground . 
 her head bounced against a rock , and her eyes filled with stars . 
 when her vision cleared , she was gazing up at ethan . 
 he knelt over her , his eyes burning , his lips drawn back in a tight grimace . 
 then she felt metal against her neck , and looked down to see the edge of a knife in his hand . 
 the world tilted around me , and for a moment i could n't tell where my memory ended and emma 's present began . 
 they were one and the same . 
 and now she was going to die ... just the way i had . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 his hand dug into her shoulder where he pressed her down in the dirt . 
 she wondered if this was how it happened with sutton , if he 'd chased her , pinned her , and thrown her off the cliff . 
 a sob shuddered through her throat . 
 ethan frowned and gritted his teeth . 
 `` i did everything , everything , for you . 
 god , emma ! '' 
 the muscles in his neck tightened as he spat the words out . 
 `` i warned you so many times to stop digging . 
 and you would n't . 
 it 's like some kind of sick compulsion with you , is n't it ? 
 why could n't you just be happy with the life i gave you ? 
 why did you have to ruin everything ? '' 
 emma stared pleadingly up at him . 
 at the back of her mind she wondered fleetingly if laurel was looking for her even now-but laurel thought she was at the banerjees ' . 
 no one was coming to help her . 
 `` why did you kill my sister ? '' 
 she asked , desperate to keep him talking , to buy any time she could . 
 `` was it because of the science fair prank ? '' 
 the lying game girls had done something to ethan in eighth grade that had cost him a scholarship . 
 was killing sutton some kind of long-delayed revenge ? 
 ethan 's derisive snort echoed around the canyon . 
 nearby some small animal scrabbled away through the brush . 
 `` that ? 
 that was years ago . 
 that does n't matter to me anymore . '' 
 `` what , then ? '' 
 for a second his expression shifted . 
 his eyes softened , and he looked sad , regretful even . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i did n't mean for it to happen , '' he said softly . 
 `` liar ! '' 
 i shrieked , an electric rage spiking through me . 
 emma 's body tensed beneath his , and she closed her eyes , as if trying to hear something far away . 
 i 'd been able to communicate with her once before , the night that she met becky out here . 
 could i do it again ? 
 slowly , ethan pulled the blade away from her throat and sat back , though he kept the knife at his side . 
 emma could see it clearly now-a leather-handled hunting knife with a long , tapered blade , the moon catching on the polished steel . 
 she tried not to stare at it . 
 `` i loved her , '' he said shortly , his lips curling with bitterness . 
 `` i came out here to tell her that . 
 i thought i could make her see that we were meant to be together . '' 
 a fresh wave of anguish crashed over emma . 
 confusion and betrayal whirled through her head . 
 he 'd loved sutton ? 
 was that all he 'd ever seen in emma ? 
 had he only wanted her as a substitute for the sister he could n't have ? 
 ethan stared down at emma , but something in his eyes was far away and vague . 
 for a moment she thought about taking her chance , trying to wrench free of him and run , but the sight of the knife kept her still . 
 `` i 'd been in love with her for years , even though she treated me like garbage . 
 i knew she was n't ready yet , that i had to be patient . 
 then i came out here that night , after everyone else had left her . 
 after everyone had hurt her and lied to her and abandoned her . '' 
 his fingers curled into her shoulder as he spoke , digging painfully into her skin . 
 `` i thought for sure she 'd see that i was the only one who 'd been there for her all along . 
 but all she wanted was thayer vega . '' 
 i thought about the shapeless form behind the wheel of my car , bearing down on thayer . 
 i heard the sound of bone cracking once again . 
 `` so you ran him over ? '' 
 emma whispered . 
 ethan 's eyes flashed . 
 `` i wish i 'd killed him . 
 i 've always hated that guy . 
 i hated him when sutton liked him , and i hated him when you did . 
 he did n't deserve to be in her life . 
 i had to show her that . '' 
 tears ran down emma 's face , leaving hot salty trails on her skin . 
 `` so you and me-it was always about sutton . 
 it 's just because i look like her . '' 
 `` emma , no ! '' 
 he breathed , his eyes suddenly soft . 
 `` you have to believe me . '' 
 he seemed lost for words for a moment , his shoulders knotted in agitation . 
 then he took a deep breath . 
 the pressure of his hand on her shoulder disappeared . 
 slowly he helped her sit up , crouching by her side , but the knife still gleamed dangerously in his hand . 
 emma 's eyes darted frantically around . 
 the light filtered down through the trees , making filigree patterns over the clearing . 
 beyond the brush the lights of the city glittered . 
 a boulder jutted into the middle of the trail , and beyond it the path looked steeper than ever . 
 there was no escape . 
 her only hope was to keep him talking . 
 a jolt of recognition ran through me . 
 i knew that boulder . 
 this was where garrett and i had argued . 
 the clearing showed signs of recent disturbance-the cops who had canvassed the area for clues to my death had left footprints and broken branches in their wake-but there was no sign that anyone was nearby at this hour . 
 a few more yards up the path , the tree line broke to reveal the ravine , opening up beyond . 
 ethan took her hand in his free one , a shattered look on his face . 
 `` i never meant to fall in love with you , '' he whispered . 
 `` i did n't know there was someone out there who could make me feel this way . '' 
 he looked so earnest , so hurt , that despite everything , a reluctant pang shot through her heart . 
 part of her wanted so badly to believe him-wanted to forget everything she 'd just learned and go back to ignorantly , stupidly loving ethan . 
 if there was a way to undo what she 'd learned , emma might have done it . 
 because she had loved him , more than she 'd ever loved anyone . 
 and that was the most painful part . 
 but then she thought of everything he had done to her over the past three months . 
 the light crashing next to her , the threatening notes , the locket tight around her neck as he strangled her . 
 he 'd made sure she felt scared and alone , that she had no one to turn to except him . 
 he 'd forced her to stay quiet , to lose her own identity , and to alienate the only family she had in this world . 
 that was n't what you did to someone you loved . 
 she looked down at his hand in hers , her skin crawling with aversion . 
 but she did n't dare pull away . 
 a vague glimmer of hope sparked at the back of her mind . 
 maybe if she seemed understanding-even loving-then he would n't kill her . 
 at least not yet . 
 `` so , all those pictures of me we found in the storage unit-you took those ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he nodded . 
 `` at first i was trying to find your mom . 
 i knew sutton was adopted . 
 i still remember when she had to read her family tree report in ninth grade , how upset she got . '' 
 his gaze went distant again as he stared off into his memories . 
 `` she was so beautiful that day-she was one of those girls who looked even prettier when she cried . '' 
 emma suppressed a shudder . 
 `` so you started looking for her birth mom . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i started investigating the mercers and almost right away realized becky must have been their daughter . 
 i hacked the hospital records-and that was when i realized there were two of you . '' 
 `` hospital records are really hard to get , '' emma said . 
 she tried to sound impressed , maybe even a little admiring , but inside was nothing but cold , metallic terror . 
 he warmed to her tone easily , though-as if he fed on her approval . 
 his eyes brightened as he spoke . 
 `` it was pretty easy from there . 
 i found all your information online . 
 i made a few trips to vegas to check you out , make sure i had the right girl . 
 i even rode the roller coaster one day . 
 i walked right up to you and bought a ticket . '' 
 emma stared at him , trying to conjure up an image of him at her kiosk . 
 it seemed impossible that she would n't have noticed him-for months now she 'd been staring at him every day , preoccupied by how cute he was , obsessed with the curve of his lips , the curls in his hair . 
 but then , all that time , she had n't seen him for what he really was-a murderer . 
 `` as soon as i realized how crazy becky was , i knew she was n't going to be the romantic present i 'd hoped her to be . '' 
 he chuckled , then glanced at her and sobered . 
 `` but you ? 
 you were perfect . 
 i could n't wait to tell sutton all about you . 
 you were the proof of how much i loved her-more than thayer or garrett or anyone else . 
 none of them could give her a sister . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` she would 've been so excited to know i could lead her to you , if she 'd just listened to me . 
 but things did n't go right , and i had to use you a different way . '' 
 emma swallowed . 
 `` what about those e-mails on travis 's phone ? '' 
 he gave a crooked grin , unable to hide his satisfaction . 
 `` fake . 
 i had that file doctored up for weeks and was just waiting for a chance to use it . 
 i did send him the link , but i did n't have to promise him anything . 
 guys like that are so predictable . 
 i knew he 'd show it to you . '' 
 she nodded . 
 a heavy feeling of resignation settled on her-one by one , all the pieces of the puzzle were coming together with implacable finality . 
 even as her heart thrashed in her chest like a frightened bird , a sickly , dull weight pressed down on her . 
 ethan had thought of everything . 
 all along , he 'd had the reins . 
 `` and you knew about the video because you 'd walked in on the prank happening . 
 you knew it had to be on laurel 's computer , and you hacked it . 
 just like you hacked charlotte 's alarm codes to break in and give me back the locket . '' 
 she licked her dry lips . 
 her hand felt like wood in his , but she squeezed it softly , her eyes still on the knife shining in the moon . 
 `` that 's pretty brilliant , ethan . '' 
 she knew right away she 'd said the right thing . 
 he blinked in surprise , a flush of pleasure tinting his cheeks , and she remembered what the psychiatrist had written , about how ethan could n't keep from bragging about his crimes . 
 `` and what about nisha ? '' 
 again his expression fluttered , like he was fighting some feeling that lingered at the back of his mind . 
 `` i did n't have a choice . 
 i knew she 'd found those records . 
 after you told me you 'd seen them in the hospital , i had a feeling she 'd go looking for them . 
 that monday she was acting weird when she got in from her volunteer shift-usually she at least said hi when she saw me out on the porch , but this time she would n't even look at me . 
 just scurried into the house with her manila folder clutched in her hands . 
 i called the hospital to ask if they could fax my records to a new shrink , and they told me then the records had gone missing . '' 
 he shrugged sadly . 
 `` she was going to ruin everything . 
 so i spiked her water bottle with my mom 's valium . 
 then it was just a matter of giving her a little push . '' 
 a little push . 
 i shuddered , imagining nisha rolling slowly into the pool . 
 imagined her lungs filling with water . 
 imagined her opening her eyes and staring through the rippling blue at the figure standing overhead , watching her die . 
 `` you two were going to ruin everything , '' he said . 
 his eyes narrowed , and he stared at emma like she 'd just said something wrong . 
 she flinched at the sudden mood swing . 
 `` i had everything taken care of , but you had to keep digging . '' 
 he raised the knife high overhead , his teeth bared like a lion 's . 
 emma cringed , waiting to feel the blade on her flesh . 
 but instead he drove it into the ground , giving a frustrated grunt . 
 `` you had nothing when you came here . 
 i saw what was in your bag . 
 one stuffed animal and some threadbare clothes ? 
 oh , and the journal . 
 page after page after page of how sad you were , how much you wanted a family , how poor emma paxton was so alone . 
 how you wanted a boyfriend . '' 
 emma stared at him . 
 her heart shriveled in her chest , as if some disease were ravaging it to ash . 
 ethan 's eyes blazed . 
 `` i gave you everything you ever wanted . 
 you should be thanking me ! '' 
 emma kept her face very carefully still , holding back the tears and the pain that threatened to burst through at any moment . 
 `` you ca n't kill me , '' she whispered . 
 `` if you do they 'll know i did n't kill sutton . 
 they 'll figure it out , and they 'll come find you . 
 you need me . 
 i 'm your cover . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` do n't you get it ? 
 i do n't want to kill you . 
 i never wanted to kill you . 
 i just wanted to take care of you , emma , and now you 're going to make me hurt you . 
 just like she did . '' 
 his fingers slid out of hers , tightening instead around her wrist . 
 `` it 'll be a really sad story . 
 they 'll all think you committed suicide out of remorse for what you did to sutton . '' 
 a chill shot through her , and she shook her head furiously . 
 `` no , ethan . 
 it does n't have to be like this . '' 
 she looked deeply into his eyes , sickened by what she was saying , hoping he 'd buy it . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i should be grateful to you . 
 i am grateful to you . 
 it 's all just been confusing . 
 but i do n't care what you 've done . 
 i want to be with you . '' 
 his jaw went slack , all the fury rushing out of him at once . 
 an uncertain frown creased his brow . 
 but she could see that he was listening . 
 `` it 's too late , emma . '' 
 her wrist ached dully in his grip , but she did n't break his gaze . 
 `` now that you know , it 's too late . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 emma said softly . 
 `` if you really love me as me , not as sutton , then nothing else matters . 
 we can run away together . 
 somewhere no one knows us . 
 we can go anywhere . '' 
 she twisted her hand in his grip so she could stroke his fingers lightly . 
 she could see in his face , in the way he leaned just a little bit closer , that he wanted to believe her . 
 but doubt clouded his features . 
 it almost broke her heart , how hopeful he looked , how badly he wanted what she proposed . 
 almost . 
 `` you 'd do that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he let go of the hilt of the knife , bringing his free hand up to hold her face . 
 his hand was cool and dry , but the touch of it made her skin crawl . 
 somehow she managed to smile and nod . 
 `` ethan , i love you . 
 i 'd go anywhere with you . '' 
 he let go of her wrist then , pulling her into his arms . 
 she rested her head against him , just the way she 'd done dozens of times before-right into the crook between his neck and shoulder , in the place that felt like it 'd been made for her . 
 she choked back a sob . 
 she had loved ethan , so very much . 
 then she brought her elbow into his ribs with every ounce of strength she had . 
 his arms flew to his side , a grunt of pain escaping his lungs . 
 she grabbed for the knife as she scrambled away , but her fingers closed on air . 
 no time . 
 her only chance was to put distance between them . 
 her fingers clawed at the dirt , her feet sliding across the trail , desperate for purchase . 
 his hand closed on her ankle , and he snarled in fury . 
 she kicked out as hard as she could , but his grip was too strong . 
 then she opened her mouth and let out a guttural , blood-curdling scream . 
 i screamed with her , wishing the whole city could hear my cries . 
 i had already died at ethan 's hands , and now the same thing was going to happen to my twin while i watched , helpless . 
 ethan clapped his hand over emma 's mouth , his pupils wide and dark . 
 `` i thought you were different , '' he hissed . 
 `` but you 're just like your sister . 
 another lying bitch . '' 
 emma bit down on his hand , hard . 
 the metallic taste of blood flooded her mouth . 
 ethan swore and pulled his hand away , and she screamed again . 
 `` you 're a monster ! '' 
 she shrieked , her voice ricocheting off the canyon walls . 
 `` you think i 'd go anywhere with you after what you did to sutton ? '' 
 he gave a wordless roar , his muscles tightening as he shoved her hard to the ground . 
 this time he pulled a bandana out of his pocket , wadding it up and shoving it so far in her mouth she gagged . 
 and then the knife was suddenly at her throat . 
 emma stared up at him , tears coursing down her cheeks as he opened a thin , shallow cut on her neck . 
 a white-hot fury coursed through me at the sight , so pure and strong i felt like i could rip straight through the veil between life and death . 
 and then , somehow , i was emma . 
 or i was a part of her-not possessing her , exactly , but somehow joining my soul to hers for a moment , lending her the strength of my anger . 
 with a sudden motion , her right leg broke free from below his , and we brought her knee to his groin with all of our combined might . 
 he groaned , his grip on her wrists slackening for just as long as it took her to roll out from under him . 
 then she was on her feet . 
 she gasped for breath , and for one split second she thought she saw something impossible . 
 her sister-shimmering and translucent in the moonlight-was next to her , standing fiercely over ethan with her fists balled up . 
 and then , just as quickly , she was gone . 
 ethan was already on his feet again . 
 his face was twisted beyond all recognition , a mask of hatred so utterly different from the boy she 'd fallen in love with . 
 she staggered away from him , pivoting on her heel to run-but lost her balance and sprawled forward . 
 ethan towered over her , the knife in his hand . 
 a single drop of her own blood clung to the blade . 
 `` you mercer girls are all the same , '' he said and lunged toward her , the knife flashing before him . 
 for a split second , time froze . 
 emma saw her own reflection , pale and frozen , in the blade . 
 but then a low snarl sounded from somewhere behind ethan , and suddenly he was flying headfirst into the dirt . 
 thayer fell on top of him , clinching his arms behind his back . 
 from far below , the sound of sirens echoed up through the mountain pass . 
 thayer twisted ethan 's wrist until the knife fell out and clattered into the dust . 
 ethan struggled , spitting blood and dirt out of his mouth . 
 laurel stepped out from behind them , her arms crossed over her chest . 
 `` you 're right . 
 we mercer girls are all alike , '' she said , her voice cold . 
 `` we 're bitches you do n't want to mess with . '' 
 32 back in the station `` please , tell me again what happened after you hung up with miss paxton . '' 
 detective quinlan handed laurel , emma , and thayer each a cup of hot chocolate , his eyes bright over the deep lines of exhaustion carved underneath . 
 it was after midnight , but the arresting officer had called quinlan at home . 
 he 'd arrived at the station still buttoning his shirt , his hair disheveled but his expression alert and edgy . 
 `` i called thayer , '' laurel said . 
 her cheeks were flushed from the cold . 
 she darted a furtive glance at emma , then turned back to quinlan . 
 `` he picked me up , and we went to dr. banerjee 's house , though i did n't see ethan 's car anywhere . 
 we looked in all the windows and could n't see anyone inside . '' 
 the three of them were sitting on a vinyl couch in a room that was clearly meant for children . 
 cartoon tigers and monkeys grinned from the jungle-themed wallpaper . 
 a dairy crate of broken toys sat on the floor next to a rug decorated with a hopscotch pattern . 
 emma stared blankly at a wooden labyrinth game atop of a stack of highlights magazines . 
 her eyes traced the lines of the puzzle , her thoughts as lost and wandering as if she were in a real maze . 
 so far , quinlan had let laurel and thayer do most of the talking , and she was grateful . 
 she tried to take a sip of the hot chocolate , but her hand was shaking , so she carefully set it down . 
 her body ached to the bone . 
 images shot randomly through her mind , unbidden and startling . 
 the glint of the knife in ethan 's hand . 
 sutton 's decomposed body , her empty eye sockets staring out at the sky . 
 ethan 's face leaning toward her for a kiss , his eyes heavy-lidded . 
 ethan 's fingers laced through her own . 
 she shuddered at each one . 
 everything she 'd known , everything she 'd believed had been a lie-and now there was nothing left for her to hold on to . 
 `` how did you know they 'd gone to the canyon ? '' 
 quinlan asked , rubbing the stubble on his jaw . 
 laurel stared down into her hot chocolate . 
 `` it was a hunch . 
 we thought he might take her back to the same place he 'd killed sutton . 
 we knew we were right when we saw his car near the entrance . 
 so we called the cops and followed them . '' 
 quinlan 's mustache twitched . 
 `` after the 911 operator told you not to give chase . '' 
 `` we were n't just going to sit there and do nothing , '' thayer broke in angrily . 
 `` we did n't know how long it would take the cops to get there . '' 
 `` and it 's a good thing we did follow , '' laurel added sharply . 
 `` he was about to kill her . '' 
 emma looked up at the detective then . 
 his normally hard gray eyes had softened , and they came to rest on her . 
 she swallowed . 
 `` they 're right . 
 ethan would have killed me if they were n't there to stop him . '' 
 the emts had bandaged the cut he 'd made at her throat-it had scarcely scratched the surface , but now it seemed to throb with her heartbeat . 
 she reached for her cup again and took another sip of the hot chocolate . 
 it was the cheap , just-add-water kind , but it was soothing and sweet . 
 the knots in her stomach loosened a little from its warmth . 
 thayer and laurel sat protectively on either side of her . 
 laurel 's leg was touching emma 's , and thayer 's hand rested between her shoulders , warm and gentle . 
 she did n't feel safe , exactly-she was n't sure she 'd ever feel safe again . 
 but they had rescued her and had n't left her side since . 
 through the swirling , heartbreaking confusion of shock and grief , a sense of gratitude filled her . 
 she 'd lost so much . 
 but she had n't lost them . 
 i focused on thayer . 
 he was pale and tired , the vulnerable expression in his eyes contrasting with the fierce set of his jaw . 
 that was what i had always loved about him-how strong he was , and how deeply he felt . 
 quinlan clasped his hands around one knee , jogging his loafer up and down . 
 `` i owe you an apology , miss paxton . 
 you and sutton both . '' 
 he sighed , opening a bristling file folder . 
 `` we 've actually been interested in ethan for a little while now . 
 i 've been going over the parking-lot surveillance photos from the last few months , and he shows up in dozens of them . 
 he 's out there all the time . 
 it seemed like ... '' `` too much of a coincidence , '' emma said miserably . 
 he nodded . 
 `` detectives do n't believe in coincidences , '' he said . 
 `` so we started to look into him . 
 at first i thought he was your accomplice . 
 that you guys had hatched this plan together , maybe , or that he 'd fallen for you and you 'd roped him into it . 
 but this morning we found out he had a sealed record . 
 we put in a subpoena to open it , but it did n't get finalized until tonight , after we 'd already taken him into custody . '' 
 laurel stuck her chin up haughtily . 
 `` then it 's a good thing thayer and i were there , since you were taking your sweet time . '' 
 quinlan rolled his eyes . 
 `` please do n't turn your little gang into a pack of vigilantes , miss mercer . 
 that 's the last thing i need . '' 
 he turned back to emma . 
 `` of course , the investigation is ongoing . 
 but between what happened tonight , and what i 've seen of his medical records , we have probable cause to hold him . 
 i 've got a csi team on their way to his house now , and another one at the storage facility . 
 ethan 's a smart kid-i 'm guessing he 'll have done a good job hiding the evidence . 
 but if it 's there , we 'll find it . 
 we always do . '' 
 emma nodded , feeling as if she were miles away from the interrogation chamber , miles away from quinlan and laurel and thayer . 
 she felt hollow to the core . 
 ethan had been lying to her all along . 
 she 'd loved him , and the whole time , he 'd just lied and lied . 
 but it was over . 
 ethan had been caught , and it was only a matter of time before the cops found all the evidence they needed to charge him . 
 so i could n't help wondering-why was i still here ? 
 i had n't been sure what to expect , but i 'd always pictured something happening right about now . 
 pearly gates , or a long tunnel with a bright light at the end , or a cosmic escalator leading to some heavenly mall where my halo would double as a platinum card . 
 but i was still here , still my sister 's silent shadow . 
 would i be here forever , haunting her until she died and joined me in the afterlife ? 
 the door flew open , and mrs. mercer rushed in , followed by her husband . 
 they 'd obviously dressed in a hurry-mr . 
 mercer still had on the ratty uc davis t-shirt he often wore to bed , and mrs. mercer had pulled on sweatpants and a wine-stained blouse that looked like it 'd been at the top of a laundry hamper . 
 thayer and laurel both stood to meet them . 
 emma 's grandmother embraced laurel tightly , her lips an anxious line in her face . 
 mr. mercer , meanwhile , grabbed thayer in a bear hug . 
 thayer looked embarrassed , but he patted mr. mercer on the back and smiled weakly . 
 emma watched them from the sofa , her heart aching . 
 for the first time , she thought she fully understood how they 'd felt after finding out who she really was . 
 she had done to them exactly what ethan had done to her-she 'd pretended to be someone she was n't . 
 she could n't blame them for wanting her out of their lives . 
 but then mr. mercer let go of thayer , his eyes shining as he sat beside emma , and pulled her into an embrace . 
 for just a moment she went stiff in his arms . 
 then her body started to tremble , and she put her arms around his neck . 
 tears prickled her eyes . 
 `` i 'm so sorry for everything , '' she murmured , her voice muffled against his shoulder . 
 `` i know , '' he whispered , rocking her back and forth . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . '' 
 emma did n't know if anything would ever be okay again . 
 having mr. mercer 's shoulder to cry on was a comfort she did n't deserve , yet she could n't bring herself to pull away . 
 that was the thing about family . 
 they were a comfort none of us deserved . 
 i thought about the last angry words i 'd said to my father , and the constant bickering with my mom while i was still alive . 
 but they loved me anyway , no matter what i 'd done . 
 finally mrs. mercer settled on the couch next to emma , her hands twisting around each other nervously . 
 she gave emma a lingering , uncertain look , then took her hand . 
 her blue eyes were serious and piercing . 
 `` it 's not fair that you 've been facing all of this alone , '' she said softly . 
 `` i 'm still struggling to understand it all ... but i know you must have been terrified this whole time . '' 
 emma nodded , tears prickling her eyes again . 
 `` i wanted to tell you so badly . '' 
 mrs. mercer squeezed her hand . 
 `` there 's a lot we 'll have to get used to . 
 do you think you can give us time to work through all these feelings ? '' 
 emma frowned up at her . 
 `` time ? '' 
 `` we lost two daughters , '' mr. mercer said , his voice breaking . 
 `` we do n't want to lose another . '' 
 `` we 'd like it if you 'd come stay with us . 
 at least for the time being , '' mrs. mercer said . 
 `` i know you 're eighteen , and maybe after all this you 're ready to move on . 
 but we 'd like a chance to get to know you , emma . 
 as yourself . '' 
 emma opened her mouth to reply , but words refused to form . 
 she glanced at mr. mercer , and he nodded encouragingly . 
 quinlan sat quietly in an armchair , as poker-faced as ever , but she thought she could see a twinge of sympathy in the corner of his mouth . 
 `` of course she 's coming to stay with us , '' laurel said briskly . 
 `` i did n't just save her ass in the middle of the woods so she could run off again . '' 
 she looked steadily at emma . 
 emma stared around the room at her family , all of them waiting for her answer . 
 they may not have forgiven her yet-but they wanted to try . 
 and if they could do it , maybe she could forgive herself . 
 `` i 'd like that , '' she said , smiling through her tears . 
 i sat in their midst , surrounded by my family again . 
 and i could feel their love for me , even across the divide between the living and the dead . 
 33 home `` there 's been yet another twist in the sensational case of the tucson twin murderer , '' tricia melendez 's voice reported from sutton 's laptop . 
 `` on wednesday night , eighteen-year-old ethan landry was arrested for kidnapping , assault , and attempted murder . 
 the victim ? 
 emma paxton , sutton mercer 's twin sister , and , until wednesday , the chief suspect in sutton 's murder . '' 
 emma lay curled on sutton 's bed saturday morning , staring dully at the screen . 
 she 'd propped the computer on sutton 's nightstand , where she could see it from the nest of pillows . 
 she 'd been watching since she 'd woken up , clicking through different blogs and news agencies to hear twenty different versions of the same event-the fact that emma paxton had been cleared of all charges , and that ethan landry had allegedly killed nisha banerjee and sutton mercer . 
 in just a few minutes she 'd have to move . 
 she 'd have to get up , even though her body felt like it was made of lead , and go downstairs to join the mercers . 
 that afternoon , sutton would finally be buried-and finally be at peace . 
 would i ? 
 i 'd been imagining my funeral for months , but now that it was here , i was n't so sure . 
 would this last good-bye from my friends and family finally lay me to rest ? 
 or would i linger in emma 's shadow for the rest of her life , voiceless and powerless and utterly alone ? 
 `` police are now saying that landry lured paxton to tucson under the pretense that she 'd meet her long-lost twin . '' 
 tricia melendez could n't keep a note of glee out of her voice . 
 she stood in front of the police station , wearing a tweed armani jacket that was a step up from her usual polyester-it looked like she 'd gotten a pay raise . 
 `` when she arrived , he sent her notes and threatening messages to force her to impersonate her sister so he could cover up his crime . 
 the investigation is still ongoing , but one source told channel five that a storage unit on the outskirts of tucson was raided on wednesday night , and while it 'd been registered under a false name , the attendant was able to id landry as the person who opened the account . 
 no word yet on what the unit contained , but at this time it seems safe to assume police found some damning evidence inside . '' 
 emma smiled slightly , wondering what tricia melendez would say if she had opened the unit to find a threadbare stuffed animal waiting patiently inside . 
 socktopus was still being held as `` evidence , '' but she wished she had him here . 
 she knew it was childish , but she wanted to tie him around her neck for protection , the way becky had so long ago . 
 a part of her still felt like she needed all the protection she could get . 
 maybe a part of her always would . 
 ethan . 
 a dark , fathomless chasm opened in her chest every time she thought of him-his earnest , lake-blue eyes ; his laughter ; his lips on hers . 
 every time a fragment of their conversation came floating through her mind , their flirtations and their promises , a cold , empty space opened inside her where something had been torn away-something pure and trusting and fragile . 
 she did n't know if she would ever trust anyone again . 
 `` yesterday , i spoke with beverly landry , the mother of the accused , as she left the courthouse , '' tricia melendez continued . 
 emma bolted up on the bed , staring at the screen . 
 mrs. landry stood uncertainly on the steps of the courthouse , her mousy hair tied in a lopsided bun . 
 in the bright light of day , she seemed more scared than hostile , her eyes wide and vulnerable in a thin , sunken face . 
 `` i saw him cross the yard to the banerjee girl 's house at around three in the afternoon the day she died , '' mrs. landry said , leaning nervously toward the microphone . 
 `` and a few weeks ago i found a green duffel bag shoved in a back corner in the attic . 
 it had a journal and some girls ' clothes in it . 
 i tried to tell myself he 'd just stolen it . 
 but ... but it scared me . 
 i was afraid to ask what else he 'd done . '' 
 emma felt an unwilling lurch of sympathy for the woman . 
 no wonder mrs. landry had been so uncomfortable with emma . 
 she 'd known all along who emma was , what her son was capable of-and she either did n't want to believe it or was too scared to intervene . 
 the camera cut back to the reporter . 
 `` the tucson district attorney 's office plans to charge landry with two counts of murder and one count of attempted murder , along with fraud , conspiracy , blackmail , kidnapping , and assault , '' she said . 
 `` the request for bail has been denied . 
 this is tricia melendez , signing off . '' 
 emma walked to sutton 's desk and snapped the laptop shut . 
 the day before , she 'd met with the tucson district attorney , a stout , brisk woman in a red power suit . 
 she 'd agreed to testify in court and to provide any evidence she could in the case . 
 they 'd offered her immunity from prosecution-the d.a. told her they could have charged her with fraud and identity theft if they wanted to-but that was n't why she 'd agreed to testify . 
 she 'd sworn to bring her sister 's killer to justice , and she planned to follow through to the end . 
 the idea of being in a room with ethan again , even separated by the witness box and a dozen burly bailiffs , made the hollow place inside her feel even more raw . 
 but the trial was months away . 
 she had time to steel herself , to try to heal , before then . 
 according to the d.a. , ethan 's laptop showed hacks into sutton 's and emma 's personal information-their phones , their computers , their medical files . 
 there were also copies of all the photos he 'd taken of emma on his las vegas trip , and dozens upon dozens of sutton . 
 he 'd encrypted everything , but the forensics lab had some guy who was more or less a savant , and he 'd managed to retrieve it all . 
 she lay back in the nest of pillows , suddenly exhausted again . 
 it had been so easy for ethan to fool her , to make her love him . 
 he 'd been her perfect boyfriend , funny and sensitive and thoughtful . 
 had the entire thing been an act to keep her in tucson ? 
 was there any small part of it that had been real ? 
 and did she even want it to be ? 
 she was n't sure what was worse : getting played by a monster-or being in love with a killer . 
 a soft tap came at her door . 
 emma gave a little start and glanced at the bean-shaped clock over sutton 's window . 
 it was just after one-soon they would have to leave . 
 `` come in . '' 
 mrs. mercer opened the door a crack and peeked in . 
 her smile was almost shy , but her blue eyes were warm . 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 `` i 'm almost ready , '' emma said . 
 they stood in awkward silence for a moment , mrs. mercer 's face framed by the barely opened door . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 emma blinked . 
 she had n't realized her grandmother was waiting for an invitation . 
 `` of course ! 
 sorry , i ... of course . 
 come in . '' 
 mrs. mercer opened the door and entered the room , sitting carefully on the bed . 
 she was wearing a neat black suit , and her bobbed hair had been combed sleekly back . 
 if not for the creases at the corners of her eyes , she could have been becky 's older sister . 
 she crossed her ankles and looked around the room , the ghost of a smile playing around her lips . 
 `` it feels so strange in here . 
 it 's like she 's just around the corner-in the bathroom , or in her closet . 
 and then you 're here , looking just like her . '' 
 emma was n't sure what to say . 
 in the past few days , she and the mercers had been tentative and polite with one another , like they were approaching each other slowly from a great distance . 
 emma knew that they needed space to grieve for sutton , and she 'd tried not to intrude . 
 but at the same time they seemed to want to get to know her . 
 yesterday mrs. mercer had asked what her favorite meal was , and that evening at dinner a chicken pot pie had sat steaming in the middle of the table , along with a leafy side salad and a carafe of sweet tea . 
 mr. mercer had invited her to go on a walk with him and drake , and as they 'd walked he 'd asked questions about her life before tucson . 
 they all seemed to be gently avoiding the topic of sutton or ethan-emma assumed their grief and anger were still too fresh-but their overtures were sincere , and it was a start . 
 the one holdout was grandma mercer , who 'd flown in the night before for the funeral . 
 when she 'd come in , she 'd stared at emma for a long time , her eyes red and glassy , before heading up the stairs to the guest room with cold dignity . 
 `` she was fond of sutton , '' mr. mercer whispered to emma . 
 `` this is all a shock to her . 
 but she 'll come around . '' 
 so far , though , grandma mercer had n't shown any signs of `` coming around . '' 
 she referred to emma only as `` that girl '' and had made a point of sitting as far from her as possible at dinner . 
 emma tried not to take it to heart , but it was hard . 
 `` i know this is difficult for you , too , '' mrs. mercer said now , meeting emma 's eyes . 
 `` you have no idea how much i wish we 'd known about you before all this happened . 
 we would have come for you a long time ago . '' 
 she smiled sadly . 
 `` but there 's no sense in wishing for what ca n't be changed . '' 
 `` i wish i could have met her , '' emma blurted out . 
 she hugged herself , clutching at the gray wool cardigan she 'd put on for the funeral . 
 when she looked up , mrs. mercer was wiping away a single tear . 
 `` i know . '' 
 she patted the bed next to her , and emma sat down . 
 her grandmother took her hand and squeezed it . 
 `` and i hope you know this was no one 's fault but ethan 's . '' 
 emma did n't answer . 
 her own lies had almost allowed him to get away with murder . 
 if only she 'd tried harder that first day , insisted to the police that they check her records . 
 if only she had n't been so afraid . 
 mrs. mercer shook her head , seeming to read her thoughts . 
 `` we do n't blame you , emma . 
 how many of us have made mistakes in our lives ? 
 if ted and i had been able to support becky better , maybe she would n't have kept you a secret . 
 if becky had n't made such a mess of her own life , maybe she could have cared for you both , or she could have had the sense to give you both to us . 
 if you had n't been a secret from everyone , ethan never could have used you the way that he did . 
 of course it hurts that you felt like you had to lie to us . 
 but you were carrying a terrible , painful burden , all by yourself . 
 i do n't know that any of us would have done differently than you did . '' 
 mrs. mercer 's lip trembled for a moment . 
 `` we 've all made mistakes . 
 but it was ethan who chose to take my daughter 's life . 
 no one else . '' 
 emma swallowed hard . 
 she wanted to believe mrs. mercer . 
 she wanted to forgive herself . 
 maybe , with time , she 'd be able to . 
 i laid my hand over emma 's . 
 `` i forgive you , '' i whispered , wishing i could absolve her of her guilt . 
 mrs. mercer cleared her throat again . 
 `` ted and i have been discussing things , and we 'd like you to stay here-if that 's what you want , of course . '' 
 her lashes fluttered . 
 `` you can finish up high school at hollier . 
 we 'll meet with principal ambrose so you can adjust your schedule to be your own . 
 and we 'll help you look at colleges . 
 your grades from las vegas are very impressive . '' 
 emma turned pink . 
 she suddenly realized that this was the first compliment mrs. mercer had given her as herself , as emma . 
 somewhere in the hollow ache of her chest , a tiny ember glowed to life . 
 mrs. mercer went on . 
 `` sutton had a college fund . 
 i think she 'd understand if we used it for you . '' 
 of course i understood . 
 after all that had happened , after everything emma had done for me , she deserved this . 
 emma glanced up to meet her grandmother 's eyes , so like her own . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered , her voice breaking . 
 `` i just-i never knew , before coming here , what it was like . 
 to have a family . '' 
 mrs. mercer hugged her tightly . 
 emma could smell her elizabeth arden perfume and a faint whiff of earl grey tea . 
 after they pulled apart , they sat for a moment in silence . 
 emma glanced around the familiar bedroom . 
 half-melted candles sat in glass jars on the white wood desk , wine bottles full of dried flowers lining the windowsill . 
 sutton 's pillows crowded every surface , thick and plush . 
 on the dresser , trinkets and mementos were arranged carefully around the large-screen lcd tv-luminous shells , a tiny box inlaid with mother-of-pearl , a white ceramic owl . 
 the room smelled of mint and lily of the valley , just as it had on the first night emma had arrived . 
 she had n't changed much of it since she 'd returned to the mercers ' home as herself . 
 a small pile of books stood on the nightstand , and a vintage hermes scarf she 'd bought at goodwill lay where she 'd draped it over the back of a chair . 
 she 'd left all of sutton 's old photographs pinned to the corkboard behind the desk-but she 'd added a few of her own , too . 
 one of alex standing in front of the bellagio fountain , the colored lights playing across her face . 
 and one of emma and laurel , arms around each other 's shoulders . 
 so much had happened to her here-in this house , in this room . 
 so much of it had been painful , but that did n't erase the good . 
 she 'd finally found her family . 
 she 'd finally found where she belonged . 
 mrs. mercer followed her gaze . 
 `` this is your room now , '' she said softly , running her hands over sutton 's pink comforter . 
 `` we could redecorate it , however you want it . '' 
 emma shook her head . 
 `` i want to keep it this way , just a little longer . 
 it makes me feel close to her . '' 
 mrs. mercer smiled . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 she went to the door and put a hand on the frame . 
 `` we 'll leave in about a half hour . 
 come on down when you 're ready . '' 
 with that , she was gone . 
 emma sat in the silent room for a moment . 
 next door she could hear laurel 's music through the wall , the bass line thumping . 
 downstairs , grandma mercer and mr. mercer bickered about the tie he 'd chosen to wear . 
 these were the sounds of a normal family-one that she actually belonged to . 
 and that would hopefully grow by one more , eventually . 
 she thought of the secret she 'd told the mercers as soon as they 'd gotten home from the police station : that becky had another child , somewhere in california . 
 she 'd be twelve now . 
 emma did n't even know what her name was , but the mercers had vowed to track her down , too . 
 hopefully she was happy , wherever she was , but if she was n't - well , the mercers had a big house . 
 but that could wait . 
 today , finally , emma could say good-bye to one sister . 
 she 'd worry about her other one tomorrow . 
 34 the queen is dead -lrb- long live the queen -rrb- sutton 's funeral was held in a beautiful spanish revival church in the catalina foothills . 
 cream-colored adobe walls arched up from thick red carpets , and bunches of flowers had been arranged on every surface . 
 every pew was packed-the entire school was there , along with what seemed like half of tucson . 
 emma 's eyes scanned the crowd . 
 sutton 's teachers sat mingled with the students . 
 principal ambrose perched awkwardly at the front , a black pillbox hat on her stiff hair . 
 a half dozen police officers were there , too , shining in their dress blues . 
 quinlan sat next to a pretty asian woman emma was shocked to realize must be his wife . 
 corcoran sat behind them , his face as stoic as always . 
 in front of the altar was a blown-up picture of sutton . 
 unlike most photos of her , where she mugged for the camera or smirked or gave a movie-star pout , this one showed a quiet , inscrutable girl . 
 her eyes were wide and clear , her lips parted in an enigmatic smile . 
 the expression was n't malicious or sly , but it hinted at the presence of a secret self , deeper and more beautiful than anyone could have guessed . 
 i followed my sister 's gaze as she looked out over the crowd . 
 there were so many faces i barely recognized , people who 'd flitted through my life without any real connection . 
 kids i 'd passed in the hallway , people i 'd rolled my eyes at , neighbors i 'd only spoken to once or twice . 
 the sheer size of the crowd made me feel strangely sad . 
 who here had i missed out on knowing ? 
 emma sat in the front row with the rest of sutton 's family , her hands balled up in her lap . 
 next to her , laurel was sobbing into mr. mercer 's handkerchief , her shoulders shaking . 
 mr. and mrs. mercer clung to each other as if to a lifeline . 
 on the other side of them sat grandma mercer in a sleek black suit , her lips pressed into a savage red line of grief . 
 emma stared ahead at the gleaming wooden coffin , dry-eyed , the ache in her chest too enormous to comprehend . 
 she had been living with the loss of her sister for four long months-four months when she could n't grieve , when she lived under constant terror . 
 now that she had the chance to say good-bye , she was n't sure what to feel . 
 she 'd lost someone she 'd never even met . 
 but in a way , she felt closer to sutton than anyone . 
 she thought again about the shimmering form in the canyon . 
 translucent , blindingly beautiful . 
 she and sutton had been connected by something deeper and stronger than she could understand-and she did n't know how to let go of that . 
 and neither did i. across the aisle from the mercers sat the lying game girls . 
 charlotte twisted a handkerchief in her fists . 
 madeline and thayer sat side by side , thayer 's arm tucked protectively around his sister as she wept . 
 he looked shell-shocked , his gaze glued intently to sutton 's photo . 
 even the twitter twins , who were usually buoyant , leaned against each other for support . 
 gabby stared at the ground , tears plopping straight down from her button nose . 
 lili turned her face away into her sister 's arms , her shoulders trembling . 
 the mercers had asked the hospital chaplain to perform the funeral-they 'd never been a religious family , but father maxwell had known sutton since she was a little girl . 
 he wept openly as he delivered the eulogy , reminiscing about the rambunctious , joyful child he 'd seen grow into a promising young woman . 
 emma barely listened . 
 the priest 's words were compassionate and well chosen , but there was no way he could speak to the sutton she knew . 
 because even though they 'd never met , by now she knew sutton better than anyone . 
 she knew the parts of her that had been haughty or selfish-but more than that , she knew the parts that had been loyal , and fierce , and passionate . 
 she knew her sister had been a fighter . 
 sutton had lent her some of her strength , that night in the canyon . 
 she almost did n't notice when the priest gave the final benediction . 
 then all the guests were on their feet , a low murmur rising up in the packed church . 
 people crowded around the mercers to pay their respects . 
 laurel was already wrapped in a hysterical hug by their pottery teacher , mrs. gilliam , and mr. mercer was deep in a low conversation with dr. banerjee , two men bonded in the loss of their daughters . 
 suddenly emma felt claustrophobic . 
 she edged away from her family toward an alcove behind a column . 
 after so long living as sutton , and then as a wanted woman , it felt strange to slip away and become invisible , just like the old emma had been . 
 she backed up into someone and stumbled . 
 `` oh ! 
 i 'm so ... sorry . '' 
 she trailed off as she turned to see garrett austin , dressed in a black suit and a pale blue tie . 
 her cheeks burned as their eyes met . 
 `` um , hey , '' he said , flushing as red as she was . 
 `` hey , '' she echoed . 
 beyond the little alcove , the church 's sound system had started to play a delicate acoustic guitar track . 
 garrett took a deep breath . 
 `` you have no idea how sorry i am , '' he said , not quite meeting her eyes . 
 `` i ca n't believe how i treated you . '' 
 emma shook her head . 
 `` you did n't know . '' 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 he shifted his weight , shoving his hands in his pockets . 
 `` even if you had been sutton , i should n't have acted the way i did . '' 
 `` it was a ... confusing situation , i 'm sure . '' 
 emma tugged at her skirt to even the hem . 
 `` i 'm sorry i could n't tell you before . 
 the whole birthday thing-i know it looked like i just threw that in your face . 
 i did n't mean to humiliate you . 
 i just could n't ... '' `` i know , '' he said quickly , blushing a shade deeper . 
 `` i get it . '' 
 he leaned against the column , avoiding her eyes . 
 `` the truth is , sutton was about to break up with me . 
 i knew it that night i saw her in the canyon . 
 when i saw you the next day and you did n't say anything about it , i could n't believe my luck . 
 i thought sutton had changed her mind . '' 
 he looked down at his shoes . 
 `` did you ever hear about what happened to my sister ? '' 
 `` yes , '' emma murmured , biting her lip . 
 `` i know it 's no excuse . 
 but i 've just been so ... so angry since it happened . 
 i do n't know why i ca n't move on . '' 
 a single tear cut down his cheek . 
 `` sutton was more patient with me than she should have been . '' 
 emma listened , her heart twisting with sympathy . 
 `` that 's a lot to work through by yourself . '' 
 impulsively she grabbed his hand , squeezing it in hers . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` well , i 'm done making excuses . 
 i 'm starting therapy on monday . 
 if i 'm so unstable that someone can suspect me of murder , i need help . '' 
 `` so you heard ethan was trying to frame you ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he shook his head wonderingly . 
 `` that guy ... i mean , he had us all fooled . 
 we all thought he was crazy about you . '' 
 a knot formed in emma 's throat . 
 she glanced away , turning toward a small marble crucifix nestled into an alcove . 
 `` yeah , '' she said , her voice barely more than a whisper . 
 `` so did i. '' garrett opened his mouth , as though he was about to say more , when suddenly some kind of commotion started in the nave . 
 he and emma turned around to face the crowd , who all seemed to be looking up at the wall behind the altar . 
 the guitar music jerked to a halt , and the lights flickered out . 
 a disembodied voice spoke over the intercom , echoing through the church . 
 `` sutton mercer ... we salute you ! '' 
 emma barely had time to realize that it was charlotte 's voice before the staccato drumbeat of fun . 
 's `` we are young '' started blaring out of the speakers . 
 at that exact moment , a projector hidden at the back of the church kicked into gear . 
 images flashed above the altar , videos of sutton and her friends , edited to the music . 
 one showed sutton , madeline , charlotte , and laurel toasting one another with flasks in the hot springs they used to sneak into . 
 in another , someone held a shaky camera to sutton 's face on a roller coaster . 
 she screamed with laughter , her hair billowing around her face . 
 there was footage of sutton cannonballing into charlotte 's pool , footage of her singing karaoke with laurel and dancing with thayer . 
 in one she , gabby , and lili got into a food fight , the twitter twins overpowering her and squirting a crown of whipped cream into her hair , all of them giggling . 
 and finally , there was a cut of sutton doing a pin-up pose in a slinky silver dress . 
 she was on charlotte 's patio , and behind her one of the lying game 's exclusive parties raged . 
 `` you ca n't keep a good diva down , '' she said coyly , her voice amplified through the church . 
 then she blew a kiss at the camera , and the video went dark . 
 emma realized that her cheeks were streaming with tears . 
 as the lights came back up , a long and echoing silence descended . 
 mr. mercer had broken down , his face hidden in his wife 's shoulder . 
 half the tennis team was sobbing-clara wailed out loud , her cries cutting through the stillness . 
 as i watched the video , my friends ' final tribute , my heart felt like a flower opening its bloom to the sun . 
 pops of color and light filled my mind , and suddenly everything-every memory , every moment of my life-came flooding through me . 
 everything i thought had been lost was returned . 
 i remembered pouring pretend tea for my mother from her antique tea set . 
 i remembered my father handing me a set of binoculars , pointing to where a red-tailed hawk nested in a tree above . 
 there i was , playing with laurel in a pillow fort on a rainy night . 
 meeting charlotte on the school bus in third grade , and madeline at recess the next year . 
 getting my first tennis racket for christmas . 
 swimming in the pacific ocean on a vacation , staring out at the miles and miles of lonely blue . 
 printing the official lying game cards at charlotte 's house , giggling over the titles we 'd invented for ourselves . 
 kissing thayer for the first time , and the second , and the third . 
 all our kisses , every sun-drenched moment we spent together , came back in perfect focus . 
 every prank , every secret , every adventure came back to me . 
 and it was all so beautiful , so vibrant , so real . 
 it was my life . 
 ethan could n't take that away . 
 at the back of the church emma heard scuffling . 
 the lights came back up , and she turned to see an old woman with curly gray hair escorting lili and gabby out of the audiovisual booth by their ears . 
 the twitter twins raised their fists in `` heavy metal '' devil horns as they followed . 
 father maxwell was hurrying to take the microphone from charlotte at the altar , and a man wearing a bow tie was shooing madeline from the light control box . 
 but before the lying game girls could be removed from the building , someone started to clap . 
 emma could n't pinpoint where it started , but once it did , the applause built up , louder and louder . 
 someone wolf-whistled on his fingers . 
 a girl emma had never seen yelled , `` i love you , sutton ! '' 
 `` sutton , we 'll miss you ! '' 
 someone else cried behind her . 
 and soon everyone was clapping and stomping , calling out for sutton . 
 `` hollier will never be the same ! '' 
 `` you 're the only prom queen we 'll vote for ! '' 
 grandma mercer was clapping harder than anyone else , laurel weeping next to her . 
 the pursed-lipped old lady let go of gabby and lili in shock , and they ran to join charlotte and madeline under a statue of the virgin mary . 
 then the four of them joined in the applause , and turned toward the portrait of sutton , with tears glistening in their eyes . 
 i hovered over them , the applause vibrating through my being . 
 for a moment , i could almost mistake it for a heartbeat . 
 35 make new friends , but keep the old a few minutes later , emma stepped out into the gentle afternoon sun . 
 the reception had been arranged on the patio in front of the church , beneath clusters of fragrant eucalyptus trees . 
 already some of the funeral attendees had filled paper plates with vols-au-vent , cucumber sandwiches , and shortbread-and-jam cookies . 
 emma spied dr. banerjee , looking frail but talking animatedly to coach maggie . 
 quinlan was there too , sipping a glass of lemonade and chatting with father maxwell . 
 louisa stood with celeste , sharing crudites off a single plate . 
 knowing what louisa had gone through , emma could n't help but stare at her . 
 somehow she 'd managed to put all the darkness behind her and move on . 
 if she could come out the other side , then maybe emma could too . 
 `` emma ? '' 
 an uncertain voice spoke softly to her left . 
 she turned to see alex stokes , a full head shorter than emma and pixie-shaped , wearing a black slip-dress and doc martens laced halfway up . 
 emma 's face lit up . 
 `` alex ! '' 
 alex hurried forward and threw her arms around her . 
 `` i knew you did n't do it , '' she said , her voice muffled against emma 's shoulder . 
 `` i 'm so sorry i showed the police those texts . 
 i did n't know what else to do . '' 
 `` it does n't matter , '' emma said . 
 `` they would have gotten them eventually . 
 i 'm just sorry you got pulled into the whole thing . 
 and i 'm so , so sorry for lying to you . '' 
 alex pulled away from the hug to stare up at her with round , sympathetic eyes . 
 `` it sounds like it was ... complicated . '' 
 `` yeah , '' emma murmured . 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` i 'm not ready to talk about the whole thing yet . 
 but i promise , i 'll tell you everything as soon as i am . '' 
 `` i 'll be here , '' alex said , squeezing her elbow . 
 the doors to the church opened again , and the entire lying game clique stepped out together . 
 their eyes were red , but they emerged with an it girl dignity that would have made sutton proud . 
 charlotte 's lips were painted bitch queen red , and madeline lifted her chin with prima ballerina hauteur . 
 lili and gabby were arm in arm , lili in lace tights and black eyeliner , gabby in a pearl necklace and matching earrings . 
 laurel was with them , too , her honey-blonde hair swept back from her face , an embroidered handkerchief clutched in one hand . 
 alex glanced at the clique , then back at emma . 
 `` they seem , uh , nice . '' 
 a grin broke across emma 's face . 
 `` they 're not . 
 but it 's okay . 
 they 're actually pretty amazing . '' 
 charlotte was the first to meet emma 's eyes . 
 she came slowly down the steps to where emma stood , the other girls trailing behind her . 
 laurel gave her an uncertain smile , but the others ' faces were stony . 
 next to her alex shifted her weight . 
 after a long moment , charlotte held out her hand to emma . 
 `` we have n't officially met , '' she said softly . 
 `` i 'm charlotte chamberlain . 
 i 'm very sorry for your loss . '' 
 emma swallowed . 
 then she took charlotte 's hand in hers . 
 the other girl 's palm was warm and soft . 
 she held it for a moment , and then she pulled charlotte toward her into a hug . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , char , '' she whispered . 
 charlotte trembled in her grip , then hugged her fiercely back . 
 `` we 're sorry we did n't give you a chance to explain , '' madeline said , throwing her arms around emma and charlotte . 
 emma could feel both girls crying again . 
 `` i do n't blame you , '' she said . 
 `` sutton was your best friend . 
 and i lied to you for months . '' 
 `` yeah , but you did n't have a choice , '' charlotte sniffled . 
 `` i ca n't believe you were trying to solve her murder all on your own . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe ethan - '' lili started , but laurel shot her a dirty look . 
 `` too soon , '' she hissed . 
 after a long moment , the girls broke apart awkwardly . 
 emma knew it was strange for them . 
 she 'd gotten to know them , but they did n't know her at all . 
 would they even like someone like emma ? 
 she was so different from sutton . 
 but in spite of everything , she 'd had fun with the lying game girls . 
 they 'd made her take risks she 'd never have taken in her old life , and given her courage in a time when she 'd needed it most . 
 she liked to think that she 'd rubbed off on them , too , a little . 
 since she 'd stepped into sutton 's life , the clique had become a little warmer and more accepting of one another . 
 `` this is my friend alex. from henderson , '' she said , and alex nodded slowly . 
 emma tensed a little-this worlds-colliding moment felt weird . 
 alex was the kind of girl the lying game had loved to punk . 
 and sutton 's friends were the kind of girls alex used to call `` fashion victims '' and `` trend whores . '' 
 lili looked alex up and down . 
 `` i love your boots , '' she said . 
 `` i had a pair of knee-highs , but the dog ate them . '' 
 `` that sucks , '' alex said . 
 lili nodded seriously . 
 `` henderson is near las vegas , right ? '' 
 charlotte asked . 
 `` we went there once , last summer , on a lying game trip . 
 sutton talked her way into getting us the presidential suite at the bellagio . '' 
 she smiled sadly . 
 `` it must be fun living there . 
 there 's so much to do . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' alex said . 
 `` not as much fun without emma . '' 
 `` so ... will you stay in tucson , now that this is all over ? '' 
 madeline asked emma tentatively , and she nodded . 
 `` i hope so . 
 the mercers asked me to live with them . '' 
 she glanced at alex. `` i 'll miss you so much , but i 've never had family before . 
 i need to do this . '' 
 `` i know , '' alex said . 
 `` i get it . 
 besides , it 's not like you 're that far from me . 
 maybe you 'll take another lying game trip soon , and come visit . '' 
 she struggled a little over the name of their clique , but no one else seemed to notice . 
 emma smiled . 
 charlotte exchanged a glance with madeline , who gave a tiny nod . 
 `` speaking of lying game , we were thinking sleepover , this weekend . 
 would you want to come ? '' 
 emma flushed with pleasure . 
 `` i 'd love to . '' 
 she paused , then went on . 
 `` there 's one thing i wo n't do , though . '' 
 madeline cocked her head curiously , but laurel looked like she knew what emma was about to say . 
 `` no more pranks . 
 i ca n't do it anymore . '' 
 the girls were silent for a long moment . 
 charlotte looked down at her black jimmy choos , and madeline hugged herself . 
 behind them , the twitter twins ' jaws had dropped in shock . 
 alex just raised an eyebrow questioningly . 
 but laurel nodded . 
 `` i 'm with emma on this , '' she said . 
 `` it 's hurt too many people . 
 and my snuff film prank was the one that ethan used to ... you know ... '' she trailed off . 
 madeline took a deep breath . 
 `` you 're right . 
 maybe it 's time to be just boring old popular girls for once . 
 we are fabulous enough not to need a gimmick , you know . '' 
 charlotte swept her hair behind her shoulder . 
 `` i 've been thinking it 's time for a while now . 
 we 're not kids anymore . '' 
 emma glanced at lili and gabby , who looked mutinous . 
 lili leaned in to whisper something in gabby 's ear , and gabby nodded . 
 they had only gotten into the club a few months ago and clearly were n't happy to be done with it so soon . 
 oh , well . 
 the twitter twins could go rogue , as long as they did n't prank emma . 
 `` anyway , we do n't have time for pranks right now , '' charlotte said . 
 `` i need to find a new swimsuit for barbados . 
 i ca n't just sit in a cover-up the whole time if i 'm going to get any color . '' 
 she smiled shyly . 
 `` emma , you 're still invited if you want to come . 
 a little beach , booze , and boys might be just what the doctor ordered to recover from ... from all this . '' 
 she gestured helplessly around . 
 emma patted her shoulder gratefully , truly touched . 
 `` thanks , char . 
 but i need to spend this christmas with my family . '' 
 she met laurel 's eye , and they both smiled . 
 `` more for us , '' madeline said brightly . 
 `` we 'll bring you back some rum . '' 
 emma laughed . 
 suddenly , the sun on her face and the december breeze playing against her bare legs felt almost heavenly . 
 i watched my friends comforting each other , their eyes shining with tears , their smiles tentative in the winter sun . 
 i knew how much they 'd miss me-that they 'd all carry that sorrow for a long time , deep in their hearts . 
 but they would be all right . 
 they would live , and thrive , and remember me with love , and eventually , they would let go of me , the way the living always had to let go of the dead . 
 then i saw something that wrenched my heart in my chest . 
 thayer , hands in his pockets , lingered off to the side . 
 alone . 
 and watching emma . 
 36 yours forever thayer stood slightly apart from the crowd , leaning against the low white wall that surrounded the church 's property . 
 he 'd come in a perfectly tailored burberry sport coat and slacks , no tie . 
 his dark hair fell down over one eye , and his hands were shoved deep in his pockets . 
 when he saw emma approach , he raised his hand a little . 
 `` hey , '' he said . 
 `` hey , '' she replied . 
 silence drifted down between them . 
 she watched garrett join celeste and louisa , wiping tears from his eyes . 
 grandma mercer had stepped down from the church , mr. mercer at her arm . 
 laurel walked swiftly to her side and took her other arm , murmuring in her ear . 
 a few feet from emma and thayer , a pair of mourning doves perched together in a cactus . 
 they cooed softly at each other , back and forth , like they were deep in conversation . 
 `` how is it the thorns do n't hurt them ? '' 
 thayer asked abruptly . 
 emma cocked her head questioningly . 
 he nodded at the birds . 
 `` i guess because they 're so light , '' emma said . 
 she swallowed , trying to push down the lump in her throat . 
 `` thayer , i am so , so sorry . '' 
 slowly he drew his gaze toward her . 
 his hazel eyes were pained but clear . 
 `` i 'm not mad at you , emma . '' 
 he gazed down into her face for a long moment , then looked quickly away . 
 `` it 's just ... you look just like her . 
 even knowing everything , there 's a part of me that wants to kiss you . '' 
 `` but it 'd be all wrong , '' emma said . 
 she smiled sadly . 
 `` i 'm not sutton . 
 i was n't even a very good stand-in . '' 
 he laughed softly , one cheek 's perfect dimple revealing itself . 
 `` do n't sell yourself short . 
 you 're not her . 
 but you 're pretty amazing . '' 
 he drew his wallet out of his back pocket and pulled out a folded piece of computer paper . 
 as soon as i saw it , i knew what it was . 
 a tendril of electricity connected me to that letter . 
 `` the cops gave me this , '' he said , staring down at the note . 
 `` they found it on her phone . 
 i guess ethan must have tried to delete it , but their forensics guy retrieved it from the sd card . 
 she wrote it , that night in the canyon , and saved it as a draft in our secret e-mail account . 
 i think-i think she would n't mind if you read it . '' 
 emma 's throat felt constricted as she took the note in her hands . 
 carefully , she unfolded it . 
 dear thayer , i am still processing everything that 's happened to me tonight . 
 i feel like my entire world has been turned upside down . 
 but all this uncertainty has made one thing clear : i love you . 
 i love you so crazy much , thayer , and i want to be with you . 
 i know i 've done a lot to hurt you . 
 i do n't want it to be that way anymore . 
 wherever you 've been , i do n't care . 
 i 'm not mad . 
 you can tell me when you 're ready to-but it wo n't make any difference to me . 
 you 're the only one for me . 
 i know this kind of love comes along once in a lifetime . 
 i 'm not going to let it go . 
 yours forever , sutton tears welled up in emma 's eyes . 
 she wiped one away quickly before it could fall and stain the note . 
 she looked up to see thayer , a haunted , aching look in his hazel eyes . 
 `` all those weeks when she suddenly was n't e-mailing me anymore , i was so confused , '' he said , his voice breaking . 
 `` i thought we were over . 
 i thought that the things i said to her that night in the canyon had made her hate me . 
 and all that time , she was ... gone . '' 
 `` not gone , '' i murmured . 
 `` i 'm still here . 
 still missing you so much . '' 
 `` you could n't have known , '' emma said . 
 `` ethan covered his tracks too well . '' 
 `` ethan . '' 
 thayer 's face darkened . 
 `` i owe that guy a few times over . '' 
 `` well , he 's getting what he deserves . '' 
 emma 's voice was steady , but even as she spoke she felt the cold that crept up around her heart every time she thought of him . 
 thayer blinked away his scowl , looking at her with concern . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked , leaning slightly toward her . 
 she suddenly remembered that night at char 's party , when thayer had asked her the same question . 
 do n't i look okay ? 
 she had teased . 
 and thayer had said , you look perfect , as always . 
 i asked how you felt . 
 thayer , always so perceptive . 
 she sighed . 
 he seemed to see right through her , just the way he 'd always seen through sutton . 
 `` i keep telling everyone i 'm okay . 
 but the truth is , i 'm not . 
 i do n't know if i 'll ever be okay . '' 
 her voice broke for a moment , and she paused . 
 `` i 'm just glad it 's all over . 
 until now i was so scared i could n't really grieve for her . '' 
 thayer reached out and hugged her close . 
 `` thank you , for what you did for her , '' he whispered . 
 `` thayer , '' i whispered , close to his ear . 
 for a moment i imagined i could feel the heat from his body , the softness of his skin . 
 `` i will always love you . 
 but we both have to move on . 
 i want you to be happy . 
 i want you to live . '' 
 tears glistened in his eyes . 
 he rested his head on emma 's scalp . 
 `` good-bye , '' he whispered . 
 emma did n't have to ask who he was talking to . 
 37 good-bye the next afternoon , emma stood at the mirror of sutton and laurel 's shared bathroom with a tube of lip gloss in one hand , staring into her own marine-blue eyes . 
 it was still surreal , to look in the mirror and see herself . 
 she 'd been someone else for so long . 
 and after everything she 'd been through , she was n't quite sure who her real self was anymore . 
 earlier that morning they 'd all gone to the farmers ' market to pick out a christmas tree together . 
 now she could hear mrs. mercer and grandma mercer in the living room downstairs , rearranging the furniture to make room for the decorations . 
 overhead , mr. mercer and laurel 's footsteps creaked in the attic as they retrieved boxes of ornaments . 
 all day a gentle quiet had permeated the house-not an awkward silence but a peaceful one . 
 it was the quiet of wounds starting to heal , of deep sadness that needed room to breathe . 
 emma 's eyes darted to the picture postcard she 'd slid into the corner of the mirror , alongside all the photos of sutton 's friends and the concert tickets and the fashion magazine clippings her twin had hung there . 
 the postcard had a photo of the alamo at sunset , and said greetings from san antonio in a blocky font . 
 on the back , a scratchy , untidy hand had scrawled only i 'm doing okay . 
 - b . 
 it had arrived the day before , addressed to mr. mercer . 
 he 'd left it by emma 's plate at the breakfast table . 
 becky still did n't know the truth-that sutton was dead , that emma was now here in tucson with the mercers . 
 but it was a relief to know that becky was safe . 
 emma liked imagining different versions of a new life for her mother : she pictured becky strong and healthy , putting weight back on her skeletal frame so the severe , haunted look vanished from her face . 
 she pictured her painting houses in bright colors , or selling fruit from a roadside stand , or learning to guide a skiff down the river from some patient , kind mentor . 
 more than anything , she wanted to believe becky could change . 
 she wanted to believe they all could , if they wanted to . 
 her eyes moved back to her own reflection as she raised the lip gloss to her mouth . 
 but what she saw in the mirror made her drop the tube in shock , and it clattered into the sink , forgotten . 
 for less than a heartbeat , she saw her there , a shimmer , a flicker . 
 sutton . 
 her twin stood right next to her . 
 she wore the same pink hoodie and terry-cloth shorts she 'd died in , her hair in long loose waves around her shoulders . 
 their eyes met in the mirror . 
 the ghost of a smile played around her lips ... and then she was gone . 
 `` sutton ? '' 
 emma whirled around to look behind her . 
 but even as she turned , she knew she would n't see anyone there . 
 she turned back to the mirror , to her own high cheekbones , her own turned-up nose . 
 the line between emma and sutton had been so blurred for so long . 
 where did her twin 's life end and hers begin ? 
 my sister would have the rest of her life to figure out who she was . 
 but i had a feeling i would always be a part of her-that somehow , we 'd changed each other . 
 a light knock sounded . 
 `` come in , '' emma called softly . 
 laurel opened the door . 
 she fixed a stare on emma for a long moment . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 emma asked . 
 laurel shook her head . 
 `` it 's still just spooky . 
 sorry . 
 i know you 're probably tired of hearing that . 
 it 's like you 're sutton , but ... not . '' 
 she came and stood next to emma , running a brush through her honey-blonde hair . 
 `` no , you 're right . 
 it 's spooky to me , too , '' emma said , staring into the mirror again . 
 she was wearing her vintage 1970s tootsie pop t-shirt and a diy denim skirt she 'd made from an old pair of jeans . 
 she 'd braided her hair loosely back and trimmed her own bangs-they 'd been in her eyes since she came to tucson . 
 `` this stuff does n't even feel like me anymore . 
 but sutton 's clothes do n't feel like me , either . '' 
 laurel pinned her hair up in a sloppy bun . 
 `` well , that just means we have to have an identity-crisis shopping trip soon . 
 maybe this week we 'll hit la encantada . '' 
 `` that sounds awesome , '' emma said . 
 their eyes met in the mirror , and they both smiled . 
 `` anyway , '' laurel said , flushing with pleasure , `` i think they 're waiting on us to start the tree . 
 are you ready to go down ? '' 
 emma took a deep breath . 
 this was what she 'd dreamed of for so long . 
 a family christmas . 
 now that it was here , she was oddly nervous . 
 what if it was n't what she 'd expected ? 
 maybe the mercers would resent her being there . 
 maybe they did n't want her to come down and help . 
 `` you think it 'll be okay ? '' 
 she asked , biting her lip . 
 laurel raised an eyebrow . 
 `` you lived through blackmail , kidnapping , and assault , and you 're worried about trimming the tree ? 
 come on . '' 
 she threaded her arm through emma 's and gave her a reassuring squeeze . 
 together , they went downstairs . 
 mrs. mercer had hung a garland along the banister already , and the smell of vanilla and cinnamon wafted through the house . 
 in the living room , they 'd moved an armchair to make room for the silvery green fir . 
 someone had already strung tiny winking lights around its branches . 
 bing crosby crooned from the surround-sound stereo , and a platter of sugar cookies sat on top of the baby grand 's lid . 
 drake-wearing plush reindeer antlers-lifted his nose to sniff hopefully at the plate . 
 the mercers were already there , a fire crackling in the fireplace . 
 mrs. mercer sat sorting through a box of decorations on the floor , while mr. mercer stood looking thoughtfully up at the tree , wearing a bright red santa hat . 
 grandma mercer was there too , her hair perfectly waved , pearls at her neck and throat . 
 emma swallowed . 
 grandma still had n't spoken to her more than was absolutely necessary . 
 `` oh , god , they 've already got ` white christmas ' going , '' laurel groaned , rolling her eyes , but emma could tell she secretly liked it . 
 mrs. mercer gave a satisfied little smirk . 
 `` that 's right , '' she said . 
 `` and after this we have john denver and judy garland to get through , too . '' 
 laurel pretended to gag , and emma giggled . 
 she 'd always liked christmas music-it was one of the few things you could enjoy for free during the holidays . 
 she 'd spent plenty of holidays walking the vegas strip , listening to the bellagio fountain show play `` it 's the most wonderful time of the year '' and looking at the lushly decorated christmas trees the casinos put up . 
 she hummed along now , picking up a cookie from the tray and biting into it . 
 grandma mercer glanced at mr. and mrs. mercer , anxious creases at the corners of her eyes . 
 mr. mercer put a hand on her shoulder , some unspoken communication passing between them . 
 he nodded earnestly at her , as if in encouragement . 
 emma 's heart skipped a beat . 
 grandma mercer swallowed and turned toward emma . 
 her eyes scanned emma 's face , taking in the features so like sutton 's . 
 she cleared her throat . 
 `` there 's something i 'd like for you to have , emma . '' 
 emma 's ears perked up at the sound of her name . 
 it was the first time grandma mercer had said it out loud . 
 she shot a look at laurel , who smiled , the firelight dancing in her bright green eyes . 
 then the older woman pressed a small box into emma 's hand . 
 she held it in her palm for a long moment , unable to bring herself to disturb the pretty little package . 
 it was jewelry-sized , tied with a satin bow . 
 she could count on one hand the number of gifts she 'd received in her life , as herself . 
 now she hardly knew what to do . 
 `` go on , '' grandma said , her voice tinged with exasperated amusement . 
 `` open it , already . '' 
 emma took the ribbon in her fingers and pulled . 
 inside was an ornament , a simple five-pointed star in sterling silver . 
 engraved across the front in cursive was her name . 
 beneath that was her birth date . 
 `` that was what i gave each of the girls for their first christmases , '' said grandma , a sad smile unfolding across her face . 
 `` sutton and laurel . 
 and poor becky , too , ages ago . 
 i thought ... i thought you 'd like one , too . '' 
 emma could n't speak . 
 she stared down at the ornament in her hand , her lips parted . 
 the star became blurred as her eyes filled with tears . 
 but for the first time in a long time , they were n't tears of fear , or grief , or frustration . 
 she was crying with happiness . 
 she suddenly realized that everyone in the room was watching her . 
 mr. and mrs. mercer were both smiling softly , and laurel hugged her knees to her chest on the sofa , looking pensive . 
 grandma mercer gave her a worried , shaky smile . 
 emma wiped quickly at her eyes , looking around at all of them . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 `` we thought this year ... you could help us hang sutton 's , too , '' said mr. mercer , his voice breaking slightly . 
 emma nodded , her throat tight with emotion as mr. mercer handed her the other star . 
 for a moment it was cold and hard , and then slowly it warmed to her skin . 
 she held them , one in each hand , engraved with the same date . 
 then she turned to the tree and carefully hung them side by side , so close that their edges touched . 
 the sister stars , she thought . 
 finally together . 
 i watched them all a few minutes more . 
 my mom trying to sing `` o holy night , '' laughing when she got the words wrong . 
 my dad putting his arm around grandma mercer , tears glittering in her eyes as she found an ornament i 'd made in first grade with my school picture . 
 laurel holding up her stocking , loudly asking if they all thought it was big enough . 
 drake , under the piano , slyly opening the crumpled napkin containing emma 's forgotten cookie . 
 and emma . 
 emma , unpacking the ornaments one by one , running her hands lovingly over them . 
 wondering about the history behind each one-where it had come from , what it meant , who picked it out . 
 but there would be time to learn all that , time to hear her family 's stories and become a part of them . 
 and then i felt myself drifting , slowly detaching from the world i 'd always known . 
 for a split second , panic shot through me . 
 i was n't ready . 
 i did n't want to leave them . 
 but then my eyes fell on the tree , on our little silver stars . 
 laurel had hung hers just below emma 's . 
 i understood then . 
 we were a constellation . 
 we would always be together . 
 i turned toward emma , the twin sister i never got to meet in person , who 'd lived my life and brought me peace , even though it had nearly cost her everything . 
 `` thank you , '' i whispered . 
 in the reflection of the stars , i saw my form glowing brilliant silver-gold , getting brighter and brighter until i could n't even look at myself . 
 i was turning into energy , pure and vibrant . 
 i took a last look at my family , my constellation , beautiful and bright . 
 `` remember me , '' i said , knowing they would . 
 and then , as fast as a shooting star , i was gone . 
