 chapter 1 `` tonight i want to tell you about that most fascinating of murder mysteries , the wallace case , '' i told my mirror . 
 enthusiastically . 
 i tried sincere after that ; then earnest . 
 my brush caught in a tangle . 
 `` shoot ! '' 
 i said , and tried again . 
 `` i think the wallace case can easily fill our whole program tonight , '' i said firmly . 
 we had twelve regular members , which worked out well with twelve programs a year . 
 not all cases could fill up a two-hour program , of course . 
 then the member responsible for presenting the murder of the month , as we jokingly called it , would have a guest speaker - someone from the police department in the city , or a psychologist who treated criminals , or the director of the local rape crisis center . 
 once or twice , we 'd watched a movie . 
 but i 'd come up lucky in the draw . 
 there was more than enough material on the wallace case , yet not so much that i 'd be compelled to hurry over it . 
 we 'd allocated two meetings for jack the ripper . 
 jane engle had taken one for the victims and the circumstances surrounding the crimes and arthur smith had taken another on the police investigation and the suspects . 
 you ca n't skimp jack . 
 `` the elements of the wallace case are these , '' i continued . 
 `` a man who called himself qualtrough , a chess tournament , an apparently inoffensive woman named julia wallace , and of course the accused , her husband , william herbert wallace himself . '' 
 i gathered all my hair into a brown switch and debated whether to put it in a roll on the back of my head , braid it , or just fasten a band around it to keep it off my face . 
 the braid . 
 it made me feel artsy and intellectual . 
 as i divided my hair into clumps , my eyes fell on the framed studio portrait of my mother she 'd given me on my last birthday with an offhand , `` you said you wanted one . '' 
 my mother , who looks a lot like lauren bacall , is at least five-foot six , elegant to her fingertips , and has built her own small real estate empire . 
 i am four-foot eleven , wear big round tortoise-rimmed glasses , and have fulfilled my childhood dream by becoming a librarian . 
 and she named me aurora , though to a woman herself baptized aida , aurora may not have seemed so outrageous . 
 amazingly , i love my mother . 
 i sighed , as i often do when i think of her , and finished braiding my hair with practiced speed . 
 i checked my reflection in the big mirror ; brown hair , brown glasses , brown eyes , pink cheeks -lrb- artificial -rrb- , and good skin -lrb- real -rrb- . 
 since it was , after all , friday night , i 'd shucked my work clothes , a plain blouse and skirt , and opted for a snug white knit top and black slacks . 
 deciding i was n't festive enough for william herbert wallace , i tied a yellow ribbon around the top of my braid and pulled on a yellow sweater . 
 a look at the clock told me it was finally time to go . 
 i slapped on some lipstick , grabbed my purse , and bounded down the stairs . 
 i glanced around the big den/dining/kitchen area that took up the back half of the ground floor of the townhouse . 
 it was neat ; i hate to come home to a messy place . 
 i tracked down my notebook and located my keys , muttering facts about the wallace case all the while . 
 i had thought about xeroxing the indistinct old pictures of julia wallace 's body and passing them out to show the murder scene , but i decided that would perhaps be ghoulish and certainly disrespectful to mrs. wallace . 
 a club like real murders seemed odd enough to people who did n't share our enthusiasms , without adding the charge of ghoulishness . 
 we kept a low profile . 
 i flipped on the outside light as i shut the door . 
 it was already dark this early in spring ; we had n't switched to daylight savings time yet . 
 in the excellent light over the back door , my patio with its high privacy fence looked swept and clean , the rose trees in their big tubs just coming into bud . 
 `` heigh ho , heigh ho , it 's off to crime i go , '' i hummed tunelessly , shutting the gate behind me . 
 each of the four townhouses ` owns ' two parking spaces : there are extra ones on the other side of the lot for company . 
 my neighbor two doors down , bankston waites , was getting into his car , too . 
 `` i 'll see you there , '' he called . 
 `` i 've got to pick up melanie first . '' 
 `` okay , bankston . 
 wallace tonight ! '' 
 `` i know . 
 we 've been looking forward to it . '' 
 i started up my car , courteously letting bankston leave the lot first on his way to pick up his lady fair . 
 it did cross my mind to feel sorry for myself that melanie clark had a date and i always arrived at real murders by myself , but i did n't want to get all gloomy . 
 i would see my friends and have as good a friday night as i usually had . 
 maybe better . 
 as i backed up i noticed that the townhouse next to mine had bright windows and an unfamiliar car was parked in one of its assigned spaces . 
 so that was what mother 's message taped to my back door had meant . 
 she 'd been urging me to get an answering machine , since the townhouse tenants -lrb- her tenants -rrb- might need to leave me -lrb- the resident manager -rrb- messages while i was at work at the library . 
 actually , i believe my mother just wanted to know she could talk to me while i was n't even home . 
 i 'd had the townhouse next door cleaned after the last tenants left . 
 it had been in perfect condition to show , i reassured myself . 
 i 'd go meet the new neighbor tomorrow , since it was my saturday off . 
 i drove up parson road far enough to pass the library where i worked , then turned left to get to the area of small shops and filling stations where the vfw hall was . 
 i was mentally rehearsing all the way . 
 but i might as well have left my notes at home . 
 chapter 2 real murders met in the vfw hall and paid the veterans a small fee for the privilege . 
 the fee went into a fund for the annual vfw christmas party , so everyone was pleased with our arrangement . 
 of course the building was much larger than a little group like real murders needed , but we did like the privacy . 
 a vfw officer would meet a club member at the building thirty minutes before the meeting and unlock it . 
 that club member was responsible for restoring the room to the way we 'd found it and returning the key after the meeting . 
 this year the `` opening '' member was mamie wright , since she was vice president . 
 she would arrange the chairs in a semicircle in front of the podium and set up the refreshments table . 
 we rotated bringing the refreshments . 
 i got there early that evening . 
 i get almost everywhere early . 
 there were already two cars in the parking lot , which was tucked behind the small building and had a landscaped screening of crepe myrtles , still grotesquely bare in the early spring . 
 the arc lamps in the lot had come on automatically at dusk . 
 i parked my chevette under the glow of the lamp nearest the back door . 
 murder buffs are all too aware of the dangers of this world . 
 as i stepped into the hall , the heavy metal door clanged shut behind me . 
 there were only five rooms in the building ; the single door in the middle of the wall to my left opened into the big main room , where we held our meetings . 
 the four doors to my right led into a small conference room , then the men 's , the ladies ' , and , at the end of the corridor , a small kitchen . 
 all the doors were shut , as usual , since propping them open required more tenacity than any of us were able to summon . 
 the vfw hall had been constructed to withstand enemy attack , we had decided , and those heavy doors kept the little building very quiet . 
 even now , when i knew from the cars outside that there were at least two people here , i heard nothing . 
 the effect of all those shut doors in that blank corridor was also unnerving . 
 it was like a little beige tunnel , interrupted only by the pay phone mounted on the wall . 
 i recalled once telling bankston waites that if that phone rang , i 'd expect rod serling to be on the other end , telling me i had now entered the `` twilight zone . '' 
 i half smiled at the idea and turned to grasp the knob of the door to the big meeting room . 
 the phone rang . 
 i swung around and took two hesitant steps toward it , my heart banging against my chest . 
 still nothing moved in the silent building . 
 the phone rang again . 
 my hand closed around it reluctantly . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i said softly , and then cleared my throat and tried again . 
 `` hello , '' i said firmly . 
 `` may i speak to julia wallace , please ? '' 
 the voice was a whisper . 
 my scalp crawled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said shakily . 
 `` julia ... '' whispered the caller . 
 the other phone was hung up . 
 i was still standing holding the receiver when the door to the women 's room opened and sally allison came out . 
 i shrieked . 
 `` god almighty , roe , i do n't look that bad , do i ? '' 
 sally said in amazement . 
 `` no , no , it 's the phone call ... '' i was very close to crying , and i was embarrassed about that . 
 sally was a reporter for the lawrenceton paper , and she was a good reporter , a tough and intelligent woman in her late forties . 
 sally was the veteran of a runaway teenage marriage that had ended when the resulting baby was born . 
 i 'd gone to high school with that baby , named perry , and now i worked with him at the library . 
 i loathed perry ; but i liked sally a lot , even if sometimes her relentless questioning made me squirm . 
 sally was one of the reasons i was so well-prepared for my wallace lecture . 
 now she elicited all the facts about the phone call from me in a series of concise questions that led to a sensible conclusion ; the call was a prank perpetrated by a club member , or maybe the child of a club member , since it seemed almost juvenile when sally put it in her framework . 
 i felt somehow cheated , but also relieved . 
 sally retrieved a tray and a couple of boxes of cookies from the small conference room . 
 she 'd deposited them there , she explained , when she entered and suddenly felt the urgency of the two cups of coffee she 'd had after supper . 
 `` i did n't even think i could make it across the hall into the big room , '' she said with a roll of her tan eyes . 
 `` how 's life at the newspaper ? '' 
 i asked , just to keep sally talking while i got over my shock . 
 i could n't dismiss that phone call as lightly and logically as sally . 
 as i trailed after her into the big meeting room , half listening to her account of a fight she 'd had with the new publisher , i could still taste the metallic surge of adrenaline in my mouth . 
 my arms had goosepimples , and i pulled my sweater tightly around me . 
 as she arranged the cookies on her tray , sally began telling me about the election that would be held to select someone to fill out the term of our unexpectedly deceased mayor . 
 `` he keeled over right in his office , according to his secretary , '' she said casually as she realigned a row of oreos . 
 `` and after having been mayor only a month ! 
 he 'd just gotten a new desk . '' 
 she shook her head , regretting the loss of the mayor or the waste of the desk , i was n't sure which . 
 `` sally , '' i said before i knew i was going to , `` where 's mamie ? '' 
 `` who cares ? '' 
 sally asked frankly . 
 she cocked one surprised eyebrow at me . 
 i knew i should laugh , since salty and i had discussed our mutual distaste for mamie before , but i did n't bother . 
 i was beginning to be irritated with sally , standing there looking sensible and attractive in her curry bronze permanent , her well-worn expensive suit , and her well-worn expensive shoes . 
 `` when i pulled in the parking lot , '' i said quite evenly , `` there were two cars , yours and mamie 's . 
 i recognized mamie 's , because she 's got a chevette like mine , but white instead of blue . 
 so you are here and i am here , but where is mamie ? '' 
 `` she 's set the chairs up right and made the coffee , '' sally said after looking around . 
 `` but i do n't see her purse . 
 maybe she ran home for something . '' 
 `` how 'd she get past us ? '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know . '' 
 sally was beginning to sound irritated with me , too . 
 `` she 'll show up . 
 she always does ! '' 
 and we both laughed a little , trying to lose our displeasure with each other in our amusement at mamie wright 's determination to go to everything her husband attended , be in every club he joined , share his life to the fullest . 
 bankston waites and his light of love , melanie clark , came in as i put my notebook on the podium and slid my purse underneath it . 
 melanie was a clerk at mamie 's husband 's insurance office , and bankston was a loan officer at associated second bank . 
 they 'd been dating about a year , having become interested in each other at real murders meetings , though they 'd gone through lawrenceton high school together a few years ahead of me without striking any sparks . 
 bankston 's mother had told me last week in the grocery store that she was expecting an interesting announcement from the couple any day . 
 she made a particular point of telling me that , since i 'd gone out with bankston a few times over a year ago , and she wanted me to know he was going to be out of circulation . 
 if she was waiting in suspense for that interesting announcement , she was the only one . 
 there was n't anyone in lawrenceton bankston and melanie 's age left for them to marry , except each other . 
 bankston was thirty-two , melanie a year or two older . 
 bankston had scanty blond hair , a pleasant round face , and mild blue eyes ; he was mr. average . 
 or at least he had been ; i noticed for the first time that his shoulder and arm muscles were bulging underneath his shirt sleeves . 
 `` have you been lifting weights , bankston ? '' 
 i asked in some amazement . 
 i might have been more interested if he 'd shown that much initiative when i 'd dated him . 
 he looked embarrassed but pleased . 
 `` yeah , can you tell a difference ? '' 
 `` i certainly can , '' i said with genuine admiration . 
 it was hard to credit melanie clark with being the motivation for such a revolutionary change in bankston 's sedentary life , but undoubtedly she was . 
 perhaps her absorption in him could be all the more complete since she had no family to claim her devotion . 
 her parents , both ` only ' children , had been dead for years - her mother from cancer , her father hit by a drunk driver . 
 right now melanie the motivator was looking miffed . 
 `` what do you think about all this , melanie ? '' 
 i asked hastily . 
 melanie visibly relaxed when i acknowledged her proprietorship . 
 i made a mental note to speak carefully around her , since bankston lived in one of `` my '' townhouses . 
 melanie must surely know bankston and i had gone out together and it would be too easy for her to build something incorrect out of a landlady-tenant relationship . 
 `` working out 's done wonders for bankston , '' she said neutrally . 
 but there was an unmistakable cast to her words . 
 melanie wanted me to get a specific message , that she and bankston were having sex . 
 i was a little shocked at her wanting me to know that . 
 there was a gleam in her eyes that made me realize melanie had banked fires under her sedate exterior . 
 under the straight dark hair conservatively cut , under the plain dress , melanie was definitely feeling her oats . 
 her hips and bosom were heavy , but suddenly i saw them as bankston must , as fertility symbols instead of liabilities . 
 and i had a further revelation ; not only were bankston and melanie having sex , they were having it often and exotically . 
 i looked at melanie with more respect . 
 anyone who could pull the wool over the collective eye of lawrenceton as effectively as melanie had earned it . 
 `` there was a phone call before you got here , '' i began , and they focussed on me with interest . 
 but before i could tell them about it , i heard a luscious ripple of laughter from the opening door . 
 my friend lizanne buckley came in , accompanied by a very tall red-haired man . 
 seeing lizanne here was a surprise . 
 lizanne did n't read a book from one year to the next , and her hobbies , if she had any , did not include crime . 
 `` what on earth is she doing here ? '' 
 melanie said . 
 she seemed really put out , and i decided we had here another mamie wright in the making . 
 lizanne -lrb- elizabeth anna -rrb- buckley was the most beautiful woman in lawrenceton . 
 without lizanne exerting herself in the slightest -lrb- and she never did -rrb- men would throw themselves on the floor for her to saunter on ; and saunter she would , calm and smiling , never looking down . 
 she was kind , in her passive , lazy way ; and she was conscientious , so long as not too much was demanded of her . 
 her job as receptionist and phone answerer at the power and light company was just perfect for her - and for the utility company . 
 men paid their bills promptly and smilingly , and anyone who got huffy over the telephone was immediately passed to someone higher on the totem pole . 
 no one ever sustained a huff in person . 
 it was simply impossible for ninety percent of the population to remain angry in lizanne 's presence . 
 but she required constant entertainment from her dates , and the tall red-haired man with the beaky nose and wire-rimmed glasses seemed to be making heavy weather of it . 
 `` do you know who he is , the man with lizanne ? '' 
 i asked melanie . 
 `` you do n't recognize him ? '' 
 melanie 's surprise was a shade overdone . 
 so i was supposed to know him . 
 i re-examined the newcomer . 
 he was wearing slacks and a sport coat in light brown , and a plain white shirt ; he had huge hands and feet , and his longish hair flew around his head in a copper nimbus . 
 i had to shake my head . 
 `` he 's robin crusoe , the mystery writer , '' melanie said triumphantly . 
 the insurance clerk beats the librarian in her own bailiwick . 
 `` he looks different without the pipe in his mouth , '' john queensland said from behind my right shoulder . 
 john , our wealthy real-estate-rich president , was immaculate as usual ; an expensive suit , a white shirt , his creamy white hair smooth and the part sharp as an arrow . 
 john had become more interesting to me when he 'd started dating my mother . 
 i felt there must be substance below the stuffed-shirt exterior . 
 after all , he was a lizzie borden expert ... and he believed she was innocent ! 
 a true romantic , though he hid it well . 
 `` so what 's he doing here ? '' 
 i asked practically . 
 `` with lizanne . '' 
 `` i 'll find out , '' said john promptly . 
 `` i should greet him anyway , as club president . 
 of course visitors are welcome , though i do n't believe we 've ever had any before . '' 
 `` wait , i need to tell you about this phone call , '' i said quickly . 
 the newcomer had distracted me . 
 `` when i came in a few minutes ago - '' but lizanne had spotted me and was swaying over to our little group , her semi-famous escort in tow . 
 `` roe , i brought you all some company tonight , '' lizanne said with her agreeable smile . 
 and she introduced us all around with facility , since lizanne knows everyone in lawrenceton . 
 my hand was engulfed in the writer 's huge boney one , and he really shook it , too . 
 i liked that ; i hate it when people just kind of press your hand and let it drop . 
 i looked up and up at his crinkly mouth and little hazel eyes , and i just liked him altogether . 
 `` roe , this is robin crusoe , who just moved to lawrenceton , '' lizanne said . 
 `` robin , this is roe teagarden . '' 
 he gave me an appreciative smile but he was with lizanne , so i realistically built nothing on that . 
 `` i thought robin crusoe was a pseudonym , '' bankston murmured in my ear . 
 `` i did too , '' i whispered , `` but apparently not . '' 
 `` poor guy , his parents must have been nuts , '' bankston said with a snigger , until he remembered from my raised eyebrows that he was talking to a woman named aurora teagarden . 
 `` i met robin when he came in to get his utilities turned on , '' lizanne was telling john queensland . 
 john was saying all the proper things to robin crusoe , glad to have such a well-known name in our little town , hope you stay a while , ta-dah ta-dah ta-dah . 
 john edged robin over to meet sally allison who was chatting with our newest member , a police officer named arthur smith . 
 if robin was built tail and lanky , arthur was short and solid , with coarse curly pale hair and the flat confrontive stare of the bull who knows he has nothing to fear because he is the toughest male on the farm . 
 `` you 're lucky to have met such a well-known writer , '' i said enviously to lizanne . 
 i still wanted to tell someone about the phone call , but lizanne was hardly the person . 
 she sure did n't know who julia wallace was . 
 and she did n't know who robin crusoe was either , as it turned out . 
 `` writer ? '' 
 she said indifferently . 
 `` i 'm kind of bored . '' 
 i stared at her incredulously . 
 bored by robin crusoe ? 
 one afternoon when i 'd been at the power and light company paying my bill , she 'd told me , `` i do n't know what it is , but even when i pretty much like a man , after i date him a while , he gets to seem kind of tiresome . 
 i just ca n't be bothered to act interested anymore , and then finally i tell him i do n't want to go out anymore . 
 they always get upset , '' she 'd added , with a philosophical shake of her shining dark hair . 
 lovely lizanne had never been married , and lived in a tiny apartment close to her job , and went home to her parents ' house for lunch every day . 
 robin crusoe , desirable writer , was striking out with lizanne even now . 
 she looked - sleepy . 
 he reappeared at her side . 
 `` where do you live in lawrenceton ? '' 
 i asked , because the newcomer seemed dolefully aware he was n't making the grade with our local siren . 
 `` parson road . 
 a townhouse . 
 i 'm camping there until my furniture comes , which it should do tomorrow . 
 the rent here is so much less for a nicer place than i could find anywhere in the city close to the college . '' 
 suddenly i felt quite cheerful . 
 i said , `` i 'm your landlady , '' but after we 'd talked about the coincidence for a moment , a glance at my watch unsettled me . 
 john queensland was making a significant face at me over arthur smith 's shoulder . 
 since he was president , he had to open the meeting , and he was ready to start . 
 i glanced around , counting heads . 
 jane engle and lemaster cane had come in on each other 's heels and were chatting while preparing their coffee cups . 
 jane was a retired school librarian who substituted at both the school and the public libraries , a surprisingly sophisticated spinster who specialized in victorian murders . 
 she wore her silver hair in a chignon , and never never wore slacks . 
 jane looked sweet and fragile as aged lace , but after thirty years of school children she was tough as a marine sergeant . 
 jane 's idol was madeleine smith , the highly sexed young scottish poisoner , which sometimes made me wonder about jane 's past . 
 lemaster was our only black member , a stout middle-aged bearded man with huge brown eyes who owned a dry cleaning business . 
 lemaster was most interested in the racially motivated murders of the sixties and early seventies , the zebra murders in san francisco and the jones-piagentini shooting in new york , for example . 
 sally 's son perry allison had come in too , and had taken a seat without speaking to anyone . 
 perry had not actually joined real murders , but he had come to the past two meetings , to my dismay . 
 i saw quite enough of him at work . 
 perry showed a rather unnerving knowledge of modern serial murderers like the hillside stranglers and the green river killer , in which the motivation was clearly sexual . 
 gifford doakes was standing by himself . 
 unless gifford brought his friend reynaldo , this was a pretty common situation , since gifford was openly interested in massacres - st. valentine 's day , the holocaust , it did n't make any difference to gifford doakes . 
 he liked piled bodies . 
 most of us were involved in real murders for reasons that would probably bear the light of day ; gosh , who does n't read the articles about murders in the newspaper ? 
 but gifford was another story . 
 maybe he 'd joined our club with the idea that we swapped some sickening sort of bloody p ** n ography , and he was only sticking with the club in the hope that soon we 'd trust him enough to share with him . 
 when he brought reynaldo , we did n't know how to treat him . 
 was reynaldo a guest , or gifford 's date ? 
 a shade of difference there , and one which had us all a little anxious , especially john queensland , who felt it his duty as president to speak to everyone in the club . 
 and mamie wright was n't anywhere in the room . 
 if mamie had been here long enough to set up the chairs and make the coffee , and her car was still in the parking lot , then she must be here somewhere . 
 though i did n't like mamie , her non-appearance was beginning to seem so strange that i felt obliged to pin down her whereabouts . 
 just as i reached the door , mamie 's husband gerald came in . 
 he had his briefcase under his arm and he looked angry . 
 because he looked so irate , and because i felt stupid for being uneasy , i did a strange thing ; though i was searching for his wife , i let him pass without speaking . 
 the hall seemed very quiet after the heavy door shut off the hum of conversation . 
 the white-with-speckles linoleum and beige paint almost sparkled with cleanliness under the harsh fluorescent lights . 
 i was praying the phone would n't ring again as i looked at the four doors on the other side of the hall . 
 with a fleeting , absurd image of `` the lady or the tiger '' i went to my right to open the door to the small conference room . 
 sally had told me she 'd already been in the room , but just to temporarily park the tray of cookies , so i checked the room carefully . 
 since there was practically nothing to examine except a table and chairs , that took seconds . 
 i opened the next door in the hall , the women 's room , even though sally had also been in there . 
 since there were only two stalls , she 'd have been pretty sure to know of mamie 's presence . 
 but i bent over to look under the doors . 
 no feet . 
 i opened both doors . 
 nothing . 
 i did n't quite have the guts to check the adjoining men 's room , but since arthur smith entered it while i hesitated , i figured i 'd hear about it soon if mamie was in there . 
 i moved on , and out of all the glaring beigeness i caught a little glimpse of something different , so i looked down at the base of the door and saw a smear . 
 it was red-brown . 
 the separate sources of my uneasiness suddenly coalesced into horror . 
 i was holding my breath when my hand reached out to open that door to the last room , the little kitchen used for fixing the refreshments ... ... and saw an empty turquoise shoe upright on its ridiculous high heel , right inside the door . 
 and then i saw the blood spattered everywhere on the shining beige enamel of the stove and refrigerator . 
 and the raincoat . 
 finally i made myself look at mamie . 
 she was so dead . 
 her head was the wrong shape entirely . 
 her dyed black hair was matted with clots of her blood . 
 i thought , the human body is supposed to be ninety percent water , not ninety percent blood . 
 then my ears were buzzing and i felt very weak , and though i knew i was alone in the hall , i felt the presence of something horrible in that kitchen , something to dread . 
 and it was not poor mamie wright . 
 i heard a door swoosh shut in the hall . 
 i heard arthur smith 's voice say , `` miss teagarden ? 
 anything wrong ? '' 
 `` it 's mamie , '' i whispered , though i 'd intended a normal voice . 
 `` it 's mrs. wright . '' 
 i ruined the effect of all this formality by simply folding onto the floor . 
 my knees seemed to have turned to faulty hinges . 
 he was behind me in an instant . 
 he half-bent to help me up but was frozen by what he saw over my head . 
 `` are you sure that 's mamie wright ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the working part of my brain told me arthur smith was quite right to ask . 
 perhaps coming on this unsuspicious , i would have wondered too . 
 her eye - oh my god , her eye . 
 `` she 's missing from the big room , but her car is outside . 
 and that 's her shoe . '' 
 i managed to say this with my fingers pressed to my mouth . 
 when mamie had first worn them , i 'd thought those shoes the most poisonous footwear i 'd ever seen . 
 i hate turquoise anyway . 
 i let myself enjoy thinking about hating turquoise . 
 it was a lot more pleasing than thinking about what was right in front of me . 
 the policeman stepped over me very carefully and squatted with even more care by the body . 
 he put his fingers against her neck . 
 i felt bile rise up in my throat - no pulse , of course . 
 how ridiculous ! 
 mamie was so dead . 
 `` can you stand up ? '' 
 he asked after a moment . 
 he dusted his fingers together as he rose . 
 `` if you help . '' 
 without further ado , arthur smith hauled me to my feet and out the doorway in one motion . 
 he was very strong . 
 he kept one arm around me while he shut the door . 
 he leaned me against that door . 
 deep blue eyes looked at me consideringly . 
 `` you 're very light , '' he said . 
 `` you 'll be all right for a few seconds . 
 i 'm going to use the phone right here on the wall . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 my voice sounded weird ; light , tinny . 
 i 'd always wondered if i could keep my head if i found a body , and here i was , keeping my head , i told myself insanely as i watched him go down the hall to the pay phone . 
 i was glad he did n't have to leave my sight . 
 i might not be so level if i were standing in that hall alone , with a body behind me . 
 while arthur muttered into the phone i kept my eyes on the door to the large room across the hall where john queensland must be itching to open the meeting . 
 i thought about what i 'd just seen . 
 i was n't thinking about mamie being dead , about the reality and finality of her death . 
 i was thinking about the scene that had been staged , starring mamie wright as the corpse . 
 the casting of the corpse had been deliberate , but the role of the finder of the body had by chance been taken by me . 
 the whole thing was a scene deliberately staged by someone , and suddenly i knew what had been biting at me underneath the horror . 
 i thought faster than i 'd ever thought before . 
 i did n't feel sick anymore . 
 arthur crossed the hall to the door of the large room and pushed it open just enough to insert his head in the gap . 
 i could hear him address the other members of the club . 
 `` uh , folks , folks ? '' 
 the voices stilled . 
 `` there 's been an accident , '' he said with no emphasis . 
 `` i 'm going to have to ask you all to stay in this room for a little while , until we can get things under control out here . '' 
 the situation , as far as i could see , was completely under control . 
 `` where 's roe teagarden ? '' 
 john queensland 's voice demanded . 
 good old john . 
 i 'd have to tell mother about that , she 'd be touched . 
 `` she 's fine . 
 i 'll be back with you in a minute . '' 
 gerald wright 's thin voice . 
 `` where 's my wife , mr. smith ? '' 
 `` i 'll get back with all of you in a few minutes , '' repeated the policeman firmly , and shut the door behind him . 
 he stood lost in thought . 
 i wondered if this detective had ever been the first on the scene of a murder investigation . 
 he seemed to be ticking steps off mentally , from the way he was waggling his fingers and staring into space . 
 i waited . 
 then my legs started trembling and i thought i might fold again . 
 `` arthur , '' i said sharply . 
 `` detective smith . '' 
 he jumped ; he 'd forgotten me . 
 he took my arm solicitously . 
 i whacked at him with my free hand out of sheer aggravation . 
 `` i 'm not trying to get you to help me , i want to tell you something ! '' 
 he steered me into a chair in the little conference room and put on a waiting face . 
 `` i was supposed to lecture tonight on the wallace case , you remember ? 
 william herbert wallace and his wife , julia , england , 1931 ? '' 
 he nodded his curly pale head and i could see he was a million miles away . 
 i felt like slapping him again . 
 i knew i sounded like an idiot , but i was coming to the point . 
 `` i do n't know how much you remember about the wallace case - if you do n't know anything , i can fill you in later . '' 
 i waved my hands to show that was inconsequential , here came the real meat . 
 `` what i want to tell you , what 's important , is that mamie wright 's been killed exactly like julia wallace . 
 she 's been arranged . '' 
 bingo ! 
 that blue gaze was almost frighteningly intense now . 
 i felt like a bug impaled on a pin . 
 this was not a lightweight man . 
 `` point out a few comparisons before the lab guys get here , so i can have them photographed . '' 
 i blew out a breath of relief . 
 `` the raincoat under mamie . 
 it has n't rained here in days . 
 a raincoat was found under julia wallace . 
 and mamie 's been placed by the little oven . 
 mrs. wallace was found by a gas fire . 
 she was bludgeoned to death . 
 like mamie , i think . 
 mr. wallace was an insurance salesman . 
 so is gerald wright . 
 i 'll bet there 's more i have n't thought of yet . 
 mamie 's about the same age as julia wallace . 
 ... there are just so many parallels i do n't think i could 've imagined them . '' 
 arthur stared at me thoughtfully for a few long seconds . 
 `` are there any photographs of the wallace murder scene ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the xeroxed pictures would have come in handy now , i thought . 
 `` yes , i 've seen one , there may be more . '' 
 `` was the husband , wallace , arrested ? '' 
 `` yes , and convicted . 
 but later the sentence was overturned somehow or other , and he was freed . '' 
 `` okay . 
 come with me . '' 
 `` one more thing , '' i said urgently . 
 `` the phone rang when i got here tonight and it was someone asking for julia wallace . '' 
 chapter 3 the silent hall was not silent anymore . 
 as we left the conference room , the law came in the back door . 
 it was represented by a heavy-set man in a plaid jacket who was taller and older than arthur , and two men in uniform . 
 as i stood back against the wall , temporarily forgotten , arthur led them down the hall and opened the door to the kitchen . 
 they crowded around the door looking in . 
 they were all silent for a moment . 
 the youngest man in uniform winced and then wrenched his face straight . 
 the other uniformed man shook his head once and then stared in at mamie with a disgusted expression . 
 what disgusted him , i wondered ? 
 the mess that had been made with the body of a human being ? 
 the waste of a life ? 
 the fact that someone living in the town he had to protect had seen fit to do this terrible thing ? 
 i realized the man in the plaid jacket was the sergeant of detectives ; i 'd seen his picture in the paper when he 'd arrested a drug pusher . 
 now he pursed his mouth briefly and said `` damn , '' with little expression . 
 arthur began telling them things , going swiftly and in a low voice . 
 i could tell what point in his narrative he 'd reached when their heads swung towards me simultaneously . 
 i did n't know whether to nod or what . 
 i just stared back at them and felt a thousand years old . 
 their faces turned back to arthur and he continued his briefing . 
 the two men in uniform left the building while arthur and the sergeant continued their discussion . 
 arthur seemed to be enumerating things , while the sergeant nodded his head in approval and occasionally interjected some comment . 
 arthur had a little notebook out and was jotting in it as they spoke . 
 another memory about the sergeant stirred . 
 his name was jack burns . 
 he 'd bought his house from my mother . 
 he was married to a school teacher and had two kids in college . 
 now jack burns gave arthur a sharp nod , as clear as a starting gun . 
 arthur went to the door to the meeting room and pushed it open . 
 `` mr. wright , could you come here for a minute , please ? '' 
 detective arthur smith asked , in a voice so devoid of expression that it was a warning in itself . 
 gerald wright came into the hall hesitantly . 
 no one in the big room could fail to know by now that something was drastically wrong , and i wondered what they 'd been saying . 
 gerald took a step toward me , but arthur took his arm quite firmly and guided gerald into the little conference room . 
 i knew he was about to tell gerald that his wife was dead , and i found myself wondering how gerald would take it . 
 then i was ashamed . 
 at moments i understood in decent human terms what had happened to a woman i knew , and at moments i seemed to be thinking of mamie 's death as one of our club 's study cases . 
 `` miss teagarden , '' said jack burns 's good-old-boy drawl , `` you must be aida teagarden 's child . '' 
 well , i had a father , too : but he 'd committed the dreadful sin of coming in from foreign parts -lrb- texas -rrb- to work on our local georgia paper , marrying my mother , begetting me , and then leaving and divorcing lawrenceton 's own aida brattle teagarden . 
 i said , `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'm mighty sorry you had to see something like that , '' jack burns said , shaking his heavy head mournfully . 
 it was almost like a burlesque of regret , it was laid on so heavily ; was he being sarcastic ? 
 i looked down , and for once said nothing . 
 i did n't need this right now ; i was shaken and confused . 
 `` it just seems so strange to me that a sweet young woman like you would come to a club like this , '' jack burns went on slowly , his tone expressing stunned bewilderment . 
 `` could you just kind of clarify for me what the purpose of this - organization - is ? '' 
 i had to answer a direct question . 
 but why was he asking me ? 
 his own detective belonged to the same club . 
 i wished this middle-aged man with his plaid suit and his cowboy boots would melt through the floor . 
 as slightly as i knew arthur , i wanted him back . 
 this man was scarey . 
 i pushed my glasses back up my nose with shaking fingers . 
 `` we meet once a month , '' i said in an uneven voice . 
 `` and we talk about a famous murder case , usually a pretty old one . '' 
 the sergeant apparently gave this deep thought . 
 `` talk about it - ? '' 
 he inquired gently . 
 `` ah ... sometimes just learn about it , who was killed and how and why and by whom . '' 
 our members favored different `` w 's . '' 
 i was most interested in the victim . 
 `` or sometimes , '' i stumbled on , `` depending on the case , we decide if the police arrested the right person . 
 or if the murder was unsolved , we talk about who may have been guilty . 
 sometimes we watch a movie . '' 
 `` movie ? '' 
 raised beetly brows , a gentle inquiring shake of the head . 
 `` like ` the thin blue line . ' 
 or a fictionalized movie based on a real case . 
 ` in cold blood ' ... '' `` but not ever , '' he asked delicately , `` what you would call a - snuff movie ? '' 
 `` oh my god , '' i said sickly . 
 `` oh my god , no . '' 
 in my naivete , i said , `` how could you think that ? '' 
 `` well , miss teagarden , this here is a real murder , and we have to ask real questions . '' 
 and his face was not nice at all . 
 our club had offended something in jack burns . 
 how would arthur fare , a policeman who was actually a member ? 
 but it seemed he would be working on the investigation in some capacity . 
 `` now , miss teagarden , '' jack burns went on , his mask back in place , his voice as buttery as a waffle , `` i am going to head up this investigation , and my two homicide detectives will work on this , and arthur smith will assist us , since he knows all you people . 
 i know you 'll cooperate to the fullest with him . 
 he tells me you know a little more about this than the others , that you got some kind of phone call and you found the body . 
 we may have to talk to you a few times about this , but you just have patience with us . '' 
 and i knew from his face i had better be willing to turn over my every waking minute , if that was required of me . 
 by this time i felt that arthur smith was my oldest and dearest friend , so much safer did he seem than this terrifying man with his terrifying questions . 
 and he stepped out from behind his sergeant now , his face blank and his eyes cautious . 
 he 'd heard at least some of this conversation , which would have sounded almost routine without burns 's menacing manner . 
 `` miss teagarden , '' arthur said brusquely , `` will you go into the room with the others now ? 
 please do n't discuss with them what 's happened out here . 
 and thanks . '' 
 with gerald presumably grieving in the small conference room and mamie dead in the kitchen , i had to join the others unless he wanted me to stand in the bathroom . 
 with a medley of feelings , relief predominating , i was pushing open the door when i felt a hand on my arm . 
 `` sorry , '' murmured arthur . 
 over his shoulder , i saw the plaid back of sergeant burns 's jacket as he held open the back door to admit uniformed policemen loaded down with equipment . 
 `` if you do n't mind , i 'll come to see you tomorrow morning about this wallace thing . 
 will you be at work ? '' 
 `` tomorrow 's my day off , '' i said . 
 `` i can be at home tomorrow morning . '' 
 `` nine o'clock too early ? '' 
 `` no , that 's fine . '' 
 as i went in the larger room where my fellow club members were clustered anxiously , i thought about the intelligence pitted against arthur smith 's . 
 someone was painstaking and artistic in a debased and imaginative way . 
 someone had issued a challenge to whoever cared to take it up . 
 `` figure out who i am if you can , you amateur students of crime . 
 i 've graduated to the real thing . 
 here is my work . '' 
 i felt an instinctive urge to hide what i was thinking . 
 i wiped my mind clean of my nasty thoughts and tried not to meet the eyes of any of my fellow club members , who were all waiting tensely for me in the big room . 
 but sally allison was a pro at catching reluctant eyes , and i saw her mouth open when she caught mine . 
 i knew beyond a doubt she was going to ask me if i 'd found mamie wright . 
 sally was no fool . 
 i shook my head firmly , and she came no closer . 
 `` are you all right , child ? '' 
 john queensland asked , advancing with the dignity that was the keystone of his character . 
 `` your mother will be terribly upset when she hears ... '' but since john , who was after all a wee mite pompous , realized he had no idea what my mother was going to hear , he had to trail off into silence . 
 he asked me a question with a look . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said in a tiny squeak . 
 i shook my head in irritation . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said more strongly , `` i do n't think detective smith wants me to talk until he talks to you . '' 
 i gave john a small smile and went to sit by myself in a chair by the coffee urn , trying to ignore the indignant looks and mutters of dissatisfaction cast in my direction . 
 gifford doakes was walking back and forth as if he were pacing a cage . 
 the policemen outside seemed to be making him extremely nervous . 
 the novelist robin crusoe was looking eager and curious ; lizanne just looked bored . 
 lemaster cane , melanie and bankston , and jane engle were talking together in low voices . 
 for the first time , i realized another club member , benjamin greer , was missing . 
 benjamin 's attendance was erratic , like his life in general , so i did n't put any particular weight on that . 
 sally was sitting by her son perry , whose thin slash of a mouth was twisted into a very peculiar smile . 
 perry 's elevator did not stop at every floor . 
 i poured myself a cup of coffee , wishing it were a shot of bourbon . 
 i thought of mamie getting to the meeting early , setting everything up , making this very coffee so we would n't have to drink sally 's dreadful brew ... i burst into tears , and slopped coffee all down my yellow sweater . 
 those awful turquoise shoes . 
 i kept seeing that empty shoe sitting upright in the middle of the floor . 
 i heard a soft sweet soothing murmur and knew lizanne buckley had come to my aid . 
 lizanne generously blocked me from the view of the room with an uncomfortable hunch of her tall body . 
 i heard the scrape of a chair and saw a pair of long thin trousered legs . 
 her escort , the red-headed novelist , was helping her out , and then he tactfully moved away . 
 lizanne lowered herself into the chair and hitched it closer to me . 
 her manicured hand stuffed a handkerchief into my stubby one . 
 `` let 's just think about something else , '' lizanne said in a low even voice . 
 she seemed quite sure i could think about something else . 
 `` stupid ole me , '' said lizanne charmingly . 
 `` i just ca n't get interested in the things this robin crusoe likes , like people getting murdered . 
 so if you like him , you 're welcome to him . 
 i think maybe you and him would suit each other . 
 nothing wrong with him , '' she added hastily , in case i should assume she was offering me something shoddy . 
 `` he 'd just be happier with you , i think . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 she asked persuasively . 
 she just knew a man would make me feel better . 
 `` lizanne , '' i said , with a few gasps and sobs interposed here and there , `` you 're wonderful . 
 i do n't know anyone to top you . 
 there are n't too many single men our age in lawrenceton to date , are there ? '' 
 lizanne looked puzzled . 
 she 'd obviously noticed no lack of single men to date . 
 i wondered where all her men came from . 
 probably drove from as far away as two hundred miles . 
 `` thanks , lizanne , '' i said helplessly . 
 sergeant burns appeared in the doorway and scanned the room . 
 i had no doubt he was memorizing each and every face . 
 i could tell by his scowl when he saw her that he knew sally allison was a reporter . 
 he looked even angrier when he saw gifford doakes , who stopped his pacing and stared back at burns with a sneering face . 
 `` okay , folks , '' he said peremptorily , eyeing us as if we were rather degenerate strangers caught half-dressed , `` we 've had a death here . '' 
 that could hardly have been a bombshell - after all , the people in this group were adept at picking up clues . 
 but there was a shocked-sounding buzz of conversation in the wake of burns 's announcement . 
 a few reactions were marked . 
 perry allison got a strange smirk on his face , and i was even more strongly reminded that in the past perry had had what people called `` nervous problems , '' though he did his work at the library well enough . 
 his mother sally was watching his face with obvious anxiety . 
 the red-haired writer 's face lit with excitement , though he decently tried to tone it down . 
 none of this could touch him personally , of course . 
 he was new in town , had barely met a soul , and this was his first visit to real murders . 
 i envied him . 
 he saw me watching him , observing his excitement , and he turned red . 
 burns said clearly , `` i 'm going to take you out of the room one by one , to the smaller room across the hall , and one of our uniformed officers will take your statement . 
 then i 'm going to let you go home , though we 'll need to talk to you all again later , i imagine . 
 i 'll start with miss teagarden , since she 's had a shock . '' 
 lizanne pressed my hand when i got up to leave . 
 as i crossed the hall , i saw the building was teeming with police . 
 i had n't known lawrenceton had that many in uniform . 
 i was learning a lot tonight , one way or another . 
 the business of having my statement taken would have been interesting if i had n't been so upset and tired . 
 after all , i 'd read about police procedure for years , about police questioning all available witnesses to a crime , and here i was , being questioned by a real policeman about a real crime . 
 but the only lasting impression i carried away with me was that of thoroughness . 
 every question was asked twice , in different ways . 
 the phone call , of course , came in for a great deal of attention . 
 the pity of it was that i could say so little about it . 
 i was faintly worried when jack burns stepped in and asked me very persistently about sally allison and her movements and demeanor ; but i had to face the fact that since sally and i were first on the scene -lrb- though we did n't know it at the time -rrb- we would be questioned most intensely . 
 i had my fingerprints taken , too , which would have been very interesting under other circumstances . 
 as i left the room i glanced toward the kitchen without wanting to . 
 mamie wright , housewife and wearer of high heels , was being processed as the murder victim . 
 i did n't know where gerald wright was ; since the small conference room had been free , he must have been driven home or even to the police station . 
 of course he would be the most suspected , and i knew chances were he 'd probably done it , but i could find no relief in the thought . 
 i did n't believe gerald had done it . 
 i thought the person , man or woman , who 'd called the vfw hall had done it , and i did n't believe gerald wright would have resorted to such elaborate means if he 'd wanted to kill mamie . 
 he might have buried her in his cellar , like crippen , but he would not have killed her at the vfw and then called to alert the rest of the club members to his actions . 
 actually , gerald did n't seem to have enough sense of fun , if that was what you wanted to term it . 
 this murder had a kind of bizarre playfulness about it . 
 mamie 'd been arranged like a doll , and the phone call was like a childish `` nyah , nyah , you ca n't catch me . '' 
 as i went out to my car very slowly , i was mulling over that phone call . 
 it was a red flag , surely , to alert the club to the near certainty that this murder had been planned and executed by a club member . 
 mamie wright , wife of an insurance salesman in lawrenceton , georgia , had been battered to death and arranged after death to copy the murder of the wife of an insurance company employee in liverpool , england . 
 this had been done on the premises where the club met , on the night it met to discuss that very case . 
 it was possible someone outside the club had a grudge against us , though i could n't imagine why . 
 no , someone had decided to have his own kind of fun with us . 
 and that someone was almost surely someone i knew , almost surely a member of real murders . 
 i could scarcely believe i had to walk out to my car by myself , drive it home by myself , enter my dark home - by myself . 
 but then i realized that all the members of real murders , alive or dead , with the exception of benjamin greer , were under police scrutiny at this very moment . 
 i was the safest person in lawrenceton . 
 i drove slowly , double-checked myself at stop signs , and used my turn signals long before i needed to . 
 i was so completely tired i was afraid i 'd look drunk to any passing patrol officers ... if there were any left on the streets . 
 i was so glad to turn the car into my familiar slot , put my key in my own lock , and plod into my own territory . 
 functioning through a woolly fog of fatigue , i dialled mother 's number . 
 when she answered i told her that no matter what she heard , i was just fine and nothing awful had happened to me . 
 i cut off her questions , left the phone off the hook , and saw by the kitchen clock that it was only 9:30 . 
 amazing . 
 i trudged up the stairs , pulling off my sweater and shirt as i went . 
 i just managed to shuck the rest of my clothes , pull on my nightgown , and crawl into bed before sleep hit me . 
 at 3 a.m. i woke in a cold sweat . 
 my dream had been one big close-up of mamie wright 's head . 
 someone was crazy ; or someone was unbelievably vicious . 
 or both . 
 chapter 4 i turned the water on full force , let it get good and hot , and stepped into the shower . 
 it was 7 a.m. on a cool , crisp spring morning , and my first conscious thought was : i do n't have to go to work today . 
 the next thought was : my life has changed forever . 
 not much had ever really happened to me ; not big things , either wonderful or horrible . 
 my parents getting divorced was bad , but even i had been able to see it was better for them . 
 i had already gotten my driver 's license by then , so they did n't need to shuttle me back and forth . 
 maybe the divorce had made me cautious , but caution is not a bad thing . 
 i had a neat and tidy life in a messy world , and if sometimes i suspected i was trying to fulfill the stereotype of a small-town librarian , well , i had yearnings to play other roles , too . 
 in the movies , sometimes those dry librarians with their hair in buns suddenly let their juices gush , shook their hair loose , threw off their glasses , and did a tango . 
 maybe i would . 
 but in the meantime , i could have a small pride in myself . 
 i had done okay the night before , not great but okay . 
 i had gotten through it . 
 i went through the tedious business of drying my mass of hair and pulled on some old jeans and a sweater . 
 i padded downstairs in my moccasins and brewed some coffee , a big pot . 
 i 'd gotten my lawn chairs and table set up on the patio a week before , when i 'd decided it was going to stay spring for good , so after getting my papers from the little-used front doorstep , i carried my first cup out to the patio . 
 it was possible to feel alone there , though of course the crandalls on one side and robin crusoe on the other could see my patio from their second floor back bedroom . 
 the back bedroom was small and i knew everyone used it as a guest room , so the chances were good that no one was looking . 
 sally had n't managed to get the story into the local paper . 
 i was sure that had been printed before the meeting even started . 
 but the local man employed by the city paper had had better luck . 
 `` lawrenceton woman murdered '' ran the uninspired headline in the city and state section . 
 a picture of mamie accompanied the article , and i was impressed by the stringer 's industry . 
 i scanned the story quickly . 
 it was necessarily short , and had little in it i did n't know , except that the police had n't found mamie 's purse . 
 i frowned at that . 
 it did n't seem to fit somehow . 
 there was no hint of this murder being like any other murder . 
 i wondered if the police had requested that be withheld . 
 but it would be all over lawrenceton soon , i was sure . 
 lawrenceton , despite its new population of commuters to atlanta , was still a small town at heart . 
 my name was included : `` ms. teagarden , anxious at mrs. wright 's continued absence , searched the building and found mrs. wright 's body in the kitchen . '' 
 i shivered . 
 it sounded so simple in print . 
 i 'd put the phone back on the hook , and now it rang . 
 mother , of course , i thought , and went back into the kitchen . 
 i picked up the receiver as i poured more coffee . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 she asked immediately . 
 `` john queensland came over last night after the police let him go , and he told me all about it . '' 
 john queensland was certainly making a determined effort to endear himself to mother . 
 well , she 'd been on her own -lrb- but not always alone -rrb- for a long time . 
 `` i 'm pretty much all right , '' i said cautiously . 
 `` was it awful ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said , and i meant it . 
 it had been horrible , but exciting , and the more hours separated me from the event , the more exciting and bearable it was becoming . 
 i did n't want to lose the horror ; that was what kept you civilized . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said helplessly . 
 neither of us knew what to say next . 
 `` your father called me , '' she blurted out . 
 `` you must have had your , phone off the hook ? '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` he was worried , too . 
 about you . 
 and he said you were going to keep phillip next weekend ? 
 he wondered if you would be able ; he said if you did n't feel like it , just give him a call , he 'd change his plans . '' 
 mother was doing her best not to call her ex-husband a selfish bastard for mentioning such a thing at a time like this . 
 i had a half-brother , phillip , six , a scarey and wonderful boy whom i could stand for whole weekends occasionally without my nerves completely shattering . 
 i 'd completely forgotten that dad and his second wife betty jo -lrb- quite a reaction to an aida teagarden -rrb- were leaving for a convention in chattanooga in a few days . 
 `` no , that 'll be okay , i 'll give him a call later today , '' i said . 
 `` well . 
 you will call me if you need me to do anything ? 
 i can bring you some lunch , or you can come stay with me . '' 
 andraquo ; `` no , i 'm fine . '' 
 a slight exaggeration , but close enough to the truth . 
 i suddenly wanted to say something real , something indelible , to my mother . 
 but the only thing i could think of would n't bear uttering . 
 i wanted to say i felt more alive than i had in years ; that finally something bigger than myself had happened to me . 
 now , instead of reading about an old murder , seeing passion and desperation and evil in print on a page , i knew these things to be possessed by people around me . 
 and i said , `` really , i 'm okay . 
 and the police are coming by this morning ; i 'd better go get ready . '' 
 `` all right , aurora . 
 but call me if you get scared . 
 and you can always stay here . '' 
 i had a sudden flood of nervous energy after i hung up . 
 i looked around me , and decided to put it to good use picking up . 
 first my den/dining room/kitchen right off the patio , then the formal front room that i seldom used . 
 i checked the little downstairs bathroom for toilet paper , and ran up the stairs to make my bed and straighten up . 
 the guest bedroom was pristine , as usual . 
 i gathered up my dirty clothes and trotted downstairs with the bundle , tossing it unceremoniously down the basement stairs to land in front of the washer . 
 lawrenceton is on high enough ground for basements to be feasible . 
 when i looked at the clock and saw i had fifteen minutes left before arthur smith was due to come , i checked the coffee level and went back upstairs to put on some makeup . 
 that was simple enough , since i wore little , and i hardly had to look in the mirror to do it . 
 but out of habit i did , and i did n't look any more interesting or experienced than i had the day before . 
 my face was still pale and round , my nose short and straight and suitable for holding up my glasses , my eyes magnified behind those glasses and round and brown . 
 my hair unbound flew all around my head in a waving brown mass halfway down my back , and for once i let it be . 
 it would get in my way and stick to the corners of my mouth and get caught in the hinges of my glasses , but what the hell ! 
 then i heard the double ring of the front doorbell and flew downstairs . 
 people almost always came to the back door instead of the front , but arthur had parked on the street instead of in the parking area behind the apartments . 
 under the fresh suit , shaved jaw , and curling pale hair still damp from the shower , he looked tired . 
 `` are you all right this morning ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , pretty much . 
 come in . '' 
 he looked all around him , openly , when he passed through the living room , missing nothing . 
 he paused at the big room where i really lived . 
 `` nice , '' he said , sounding impressed . 
 the sunny room with the big window overlooking the patio with its rose trees did look attractive . 
 exposed brick walls and all the books make an intelligent-looking room , anyway , i thought , and i waved him onto the tan suede love seat as i asked him if he wanted coffee . 
 `` yes , black , '' he said fervently . 
 `` i was up most of the night . '' 
 when i bent over to put his cup on the low table in front of him , i realized with some embarrassment that his eyes were n't on the coffee cup . 
 i settled opposite him in my favorite chair , low enough that my feet can touch the floor , wide enough to curl up inside , with a little table beside it just big enough to hold a book and a coffee cup . 
 arthur took a sip of his coffee , eyed me again as he told me it was good , and got down to business . 
 `` you were right , the body was definitely moved after death to the position it was in when you found it , '' he said directly . 
 `` she was killed there in the kitchen . 
 jack burns is having a hard time swallowing this theory , that she was deliberately killed to mimic the wallace murder , but i 'm going to try to convince him . 
 he 's in charge though ; i 'm assisting on this one since i know all the people involved , but i 'm really a burglary detective . '' 
 some questions flew through my head , but i decided it would n't be polite to ask them . 
 sort of like asking a doctor about your own symptoms at a party . 
 `` why is jack burns so scarey ? '' 
 i asked abruptly . 
 `` why does he make an effort to intimidate you ? 
 what 's the point ? '' 
 at least arthur did n't have to ask me what i meant . 
 he knew exactly what jack burns was like . 
 `` jack does n't care if people like him or not , '' arthur said simply . 
 `` that 's a big advantage , especially to a cop . 
 he does n't even care if other cops like him . 
 he just wants cases solved as soon as possible , he wants witnesses to tell him everything they know , and he wants the guilty punished . 
 he wants the world to go his way , and he does n't care what he has to do to make it happen . '' 
 that sounded pretty frightening to me . 
 `` at least you know where you are with him , '' i said weakly . 
 arthur nodded matter-of-factly . 
 `` tell me everything you know about the wallace case , '' he said . 
 `` well , i 'm up on it of course , since it was supposed to be the topic last night , '' i explained . 
 `` i wonder if - whoever killed mamie - picked it for that reason ? '' 
 i was actually kind of glad i 'd finally get to deliver part of my laboriously prepared lecture . 
 and to a fellow aficionado , a professional at that . 
 `` the ultimate murder mystery , according to several eminent crime writers , '' i began . 
 `` william herbert wallace , liverpool insurance salesman , '' i raised a finger to indicate one point of similarity , `` and married with no children , '' i raised a second finger . 
 then i thought arthur could probably do without me telling him his job . 
 `` wallace and his wife julia were middle aged and had n't much money , but did have intellectual leanings . 
 they played duets together in the evening . 
 they did n't entertain much or have many friends . 
 they were n't known to quarrel . 
 `` wallace had a regular schedule for collecting insurance payments from subscribers to his particular company , and he 'd bring the money home with him for one night , tuesday . 
 wallace played chess , too , and was entered in a tournament at a local club . 
 there was a play off chart establishing when he 'd be playing , posted on the wall at the club . 
 anyone who came in could see it . '' 
 i raised my eyebrows at arthur to make sure he marked that important point . 
 he nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 wallace did n't have a phone at home . 
 he got a call at the chess club right before he arrived there one day . 
 another member took the message . 
 the caller identified himself as ` qualtrough . ' 
 the caller said that he wanted to take out a policy on his daughter and asked that wallace be given a message to come around to qualtrough 's house the next evening , tuesday . 
 `` now , the bad thing about this call , from wallace 's point of view , '' i explained , warming to my subject , `` is that it came to the club when wallace was n't there . 
 and there was a telephone booth wallace could have used , close to his home , if he himself placed the ` qualtrough ' call . '' 
 arthur scribbled in a little leather notepad he produced from somewhere . 
 `` now - wallace comes in very soon after qualtrough has called the club . 
 wallace talks about this message to the other chess players . 
 maybe he means to impress it on their memory ? 
 either he is a murderer and is setting up his alibi , or the real murderer is making sure wallace will be out of the house tuesday evening . 
 and this dual possibility , that almost hanged wallace , runs throughout the case . '' 
 could any writer have imagined anything as interesting as this ? 
 i wanted to ask . 
 but instead i plunged back in . 
 `` so on the appointed night wallace goes looking for this man qualtrough who wants to take out some insurance . 
 granted , he was a man who needed all the business he could get , and granted , we know what insurance salesmen are still like today , but even so wallace went to extreme lengths to find this potential customer . 
 the address qualtrough left at the chess club was in menlove gardens east . 
 there 's a menlove gardens north , south and west , but no menlove gardens east ; so it was a clever false address to give . 
 wallace asks many people he meets - even a policeman ! 
 - if they know where he can find this address . 
 he may be stubborn , or he may be determined to fix himself in the memories of as many people as possible . 
 `` since there simply was no such address , he went home . '' 
 i paused to take a long drink of my tepid coffee . 
 `` she was already dead ? '' 
 arthur asked astutely . 
 `` right , that 's the point . 
 if wallace killed her , he had to have done it before he left on this wild goose chase . 
 if so , what i 'm about to tell you was all acting . 
 `` he gets home and tries to open his front door , he later says . 
 his key wo n't work . 
 he thinks julia has bolted the front door and for some reason ca n't hear him knock . 
 whatever was the case , a couple who live next door leave their house and see wallace at his back door , apparently in distress . 
 he tells them about the front door being bolted . 
 either his distress is genuine , or he 's been hanging around in the back alley waiting for someone else to witness his entrance . '' 
 arthur 's blond head shook slowly from side to side as he contemplated the twists and turns of this classic . 
 i imagined the liverpool police force in 1931 sitting and shaking their heads in exactly the same way . 
 or perhaps not ; they 'd been convinced early on that they had their man . 
 `` was wallace friendly with those neighbors ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` not particularly . 
 good , but impersonal , relationship . '' 
 `` so he could count on their being accepted as impartial witnesses , '' arthur observed . 
 `` if he did it . 
 incidentally , the upshot of all this about the front door lock , which wallace said resisted his key , turned out to be a major point in the trial , but the testimony was pretty murky . 
 also iffy was the evidence of a child who knocked on the door with the day 's milk , or a newspaper or something . 
 mrs. wallace answered the door , alive and well ; and if it could have been proved wallace had already left , he would have been cleared . 
 but it could n't be . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 here came the crucial scene . 
 `` be that as it may . 
 wallace and the couple do enter the house , do see a few things out of place in the kitchen and another room , i think , but no major ransacking . 
 the box where wallace kept the insurance money had been rifled . 
 of course , this was a tuesday , when there should 've been a lot of money . 
 `` the neighbors by this time are scared . 
 then wallace calls them into the front room , a parlor , rarely used . 
 `` julia wallace is there , lying in front of the gas fire , with a raincoat under her . 
 the raincoat , partially burned , is not hers . 
 she 's been beaten to death , with extreme brutality , unnecessary force . 
 she has not been raped . '' 
 i stopped suddenly . 
 `` i assume mamie was n't ? '' 
 i said finally , frightened of the answer . 
 `` does n't look like it right now , '' arthur said absently , still taking notes . 
 i blew my breath out . 
 `` well , wallace theorizes that ` qualtrough , ' who of course must be the murderer if wallace is innocent , called at the house after wallace left . 
 he was evidently someone julia did n't know well , or at all , because she showed him into the company parlor . '' 
 just like i would an insurance salesman , i thought . 
 `` the raincoat , an old one of wallace 's , she perhaps threw over her shoulders because the disused room was cold until the gas fire , which she apparently lit , had had a chance to heat it . 
 the money that had been taken had n't actually been much , since wallace had been ill that week and had n't been able to collect everything he was supposed to . 
 but no one else would have known that , presumably . 
 `` julia certainly had n't been having an affair , and had never personally offended anyone that the police could discover . 
 `` and that 's the wallace case . '' 
 arthur sat lost in thought , his blue eyes fixed intently on some internal point . 
 `` wobbly , either way , '' he said finally . 
 `` right , '' i agreed . 
 `` there 's no real case against wallace , except that he was her husband , the only person who seemed to know her well enough to kill her . 
 everything he said could 've been true ... in which case , he was tried for killing the one person in the world he loved , while all the time the real killer went free . '' 
 `` so wallace was arrested ? '' 
 `` and convicted . 
 but after he spent some time in prison , he was released by a unique ruling in british law . 
 i think a higher court simply ruled that there had n't been enough evidence for a jury to convict wallace , no matter what the jury said . 
 but prison and the whole experience had broken wallace , and he died two or three years later , still saying he was innocent . 
 he said he suspected who qualtrough was , but he had no proof . '' 
 `` i 'd have gone for wallace , too , on the basis of that evidence , '' arthur said unhesitatingly . 
 `` the probability is with wallace , as you said , because it 's usually the husband who wants his wife out of the way ... yet since there 's no clear-cut evidence either way , i 'm almost surprised the state chose to prosecute . '' 
 `` probably , '' i said without thinking , `` the police were under a lot of pressure to make an arrest . '' 
 arthur looked so tired and gloomy that i tried to change the subject . 
 `` wh/d you join real murders ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` is n't that a little strange for a policeman ? '' 
 `` not this policeman , '' he said a little sharply . 
 i shrank in my chair . 
 `` listen , roe , i wanted to go to law school , but there was n't enough money . '' 
 arthur 's family was pretty humble , i recalled . 
 i thought i 'd gone to high school with one of his sisters . 
 arthur must be three or four years older than i. `` i made it through two years of college before i realized i could n't make it financially , because i just could n't work and carry a full course load . 
 school bored me then , too . 
 so i decided to go into law from another angle . 
 policemen are n't all alike , you know . '' 
 i could tell he 'd given this lecture before . 
 `` some cops are right out of joseph wambaugh 's books , because he was a cop and he writes pretty good books . 
 loud , drinkers , macho , mostly uneducated , sometimes brutal . 
 there are a few nuts , like there are in any line of work , and there are a few birchers . 
 there are n't many liberals with a capital ` l' , and not too many college graduates . 
 but within those rough lines , we 've got all kinds of people . 
 some of my friends - some cops - watch every cop show on television they can catch , so they 'll know how to act . 
 some of them - not many - read dostoevsky . '' 
 he smiled , and it looked almost strange on him . 
 `` i just like to study old crimes , figure out how the police thought on the case , pick apart their procedure - ever read about the june anne devaney case , blackburn , england , oh , about late 1930 's ? '' 
 `` a child murder , right ? '' 
 `` right . 
 you know the police persuaded every adult male in blackburn to have his fingerprints taken ? '' 
 arthur 's face practically shone with enthusiasm . 
 `` that 's how they caught peter griffiths . 
 by comparing thousands of fingerprints with the ones griffiths left on the scene . '' 
 he was lost in admiration for a moment . 
 `` that 's why i joined real murders , '' he said . 
 `` but what could a woman like mamie wright get out of studying the wallace case ? '' 
 `` oh , a chaperoned husband ! '' 
 i said with a grin , and then felt a sharp pang of dismay as arthur re-opened his little notebook . 
 almost gently , arthur said , `` now , this murder is real . 
 it 's a new murder . '' 
 `` i know , '' i said , and i saw mamie again . 
 `` did they quarrel much , gerald and mamie ? '' 
 `` never , that i saw or heard , '' i said firmly and truthfully . 
 i 'd always believed wallace was innocent . 
 `` she just seemed to be keeping an eye on him around other women . '' 
 `` do you think her suspicions were correct ? '' 
 `` it never occurred to me they could be . 
 gerald is just so stuffy and ... arthur ? 
 could gerald have done this ? '' 
 i did n't mean emotionally , i meant practically , and arthur realized it . 
 `` do you know why gerald says he was late to the meeting , why mamie came on her own instead of riding with him ? 
 he got a call from a man he did n't know , asking gerald to talk with him about some insurance for his daughter . '' 
 i know my mouth was hanging open . 
 i slowly shut it , but feared i looked no more intelligent . 
 `` someone 's really slapping us in the face , arthur , '' i said slowly . 
 `` maybe especially challenging you . 
 mamie was n't even killed because she was mamie . '' 
 that was especially horrible . 
 `` it was just because she was an insurance salesman 's wife . '' 
 `` but you 'd figured it out last night . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` but what if there are more ? 
 what if he copies the june anne devaney murder , and kills a three-year-old ? 
 what if he copies the ripper murders ? 
 or kills people like ed gein did , to eat ? '' 
 `` do n't go imagining nightmares , '' arthur said briskly . 
 he was so matter of fact i knew he 'd already thought of the possibility himself . 
 `` now , i 've got to write down everything you did yesterday , starting from when you left work . '' 
 if he meant to jolt me out of the horrors , he succeeded . 
 even if only on paper , i was someone who had to account for her movements ; not exactly a suspect , but a possibility . 
 then too , my arrival time at the meeting would help pinpoint the time of death . 
 though i 'd gone over this all the night before , once more i carefully related my trivial doings . 
 `` do you have a good account of the wallace killing i could borrow ? '' 
 he asked , rising from the couch reluctantly . 
 he looked even more worn , as if relaxing for a while had n't helped , just made him feel his exhaustion . 
 `` and i need a list of club members , too . '' 
 `` i can help you with the wallace killing , '' i said . 
 `` but you 'll have to get the list from jane engle . 
 she 's the club secretary . '' 
 i had the book on hand i 'd used to prepare my lecture . 
 i checked to make sure my name was written inside , told arthur i 'd have him arrested if he did n't return it , and walked with him to the front door . 
 to my surprise , he put his hands on my shoulders and gripped them with no mean pressure . 
 `` do n't look so dismal , '' he said . 
 the wide blue eyes caught mine . 
 i felt a jolt tingle up my spine . 
 `` you caught something last night most people would n't have . 
 you were tough and smart and quick-thinking . '' 
 he caught a loose strand of my hair and rolled it between his fingers . 
 `` i 'll talk to you soon , '' he said . 
 `` maybe tomorrow . '' 
 as it turned out , we spoke somewhat sooner than that . 
 chapter 5 i 'd noticed a moving van parked in front of robin crusoe 's apartment when i let arthur out . 
 out of sheer curiosity , when the phone began to ring , i decided to take my calls on my bedside phone , which had a long cord , so i could stare out the front windows at the unloading . 
 and the phone was ringing non-stop , as the news about mamie wright 's murder spread among friends and co-workers . 
 just when i was about to dial his number , my father called . 
 he seemed about equally concerned with my emotional health and with whether or not i still felt i could keep phillip . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 phillip himself said softly . 
 he is a shrieker in person , but unaccountably soft-spoken over the telephone . 
 `` yes , brother , i 'm okay , '' i answered . 
 `` cause i really want to come see you . 
 can i ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` are you going to make pecan pie ? '' 
 `` i might , if i was asked nicely . '' 
 `` please , please , please ? '' 
 `` that 's pretty nice . 
 count on the pie . '' 
 `` yahoo! '' `` do you feel i 'm blackmailing you ? '' 
 father asked when phillip relinquished the phone . 
 `` well , yes . '' 
 `` okay , okay , i feel guilty . 
 but betty jo really wants to go to this convention . 
 her best friend from college married a newspaperman , too , and they 're going to be there . '' 
 `` tell her i 'll still keep him . '' 
 i loved phillip , though at first i 'd been terrified to even hold him , having no experience whatsoever with babies . 
 to give betty jo credit , she 's always been all for phillip 's getting to know his big sister . 
 after i 'd hung up , the rest of the day gaped ahead of me like a black cave . 
 since it was my day off i tried to do day-off things ; i paid bills , did my laundry . 
 my best friend , amina day , had just moved to houston to take such a good job that i could n't grudge her the move ; but i missed her , and i 'd felt very much an unadventurous village bumpkin before i 'd stepped into the vfw kitchen . 
 amina was n't going to believe i 'd had a bona fide shocking experience right in lawrenceton . 
 i decided to call her that night , and the prospect cheered me . 
 now that the first shock of last night had worn off , it all seemed curiously unreal , like a book . 
 i 'd read so many books , both fiction and nonfiction , in which a young woman walked into a room -lrb- across a field , down the stairs , in an alley -rrb- and found the body . 
 i could distance myself from the reality of a dead mamie by thinking of the situation , rather than the person . 
 i picked out all these distinctions while eating a nutritious lunch of cheezits and tuna fish . 
 all this thinking led me back to the depressing conclusion that so little had happened in my life for so long , that when something did i had to pick at it over and over . 
 no moment was going to sneak by me unobserved and unanalyzed . 
 clearly , some action was called for . 
 with the taste of lunch in my mouth it was easy to decide that that action should take the form of going to the grocery store . 
 i made one of my methodical little lists and gathered up my coupons . 
 of course the store was extra crowded on saturday , and i saw several people who knew what had happened the night before . 
 i found myself reluctant to talk about it to people who had n't been there . 
 i had n't been asked to avoid mentioning the murder 's connection to an old murder case , but i did n't see any sense in having to explain it to ten people in a row , either . 
 even the minimal responses i made slowed me down considerably , and forty minutes later i was only halfway through my list . 
 as i stood at the meat counter debating between `` lean '' and `` extra lean '' hamburger , i heard a tapping noise . 
 it grew more and more imperative , until i looked up . 
 benjamin greer , the only member of real murders who had n't been at the meeting the night before , was tapping on the clear glass that separated the butchers from the refrigerated meat counter . 
 behind him , gleaming steel machines were doing their job , and another butcher in a bloodstained apron like benjamin 's was packaging roasts . 
 benjamin was stout with wispy blond hair that he swept up and over his premature bald spot . 
 he 'd tried to grow a mustache to augment his missing scalp hair , but it had given the impression that his upper lip was dirty , and i was glad to see he 'd shaved the thing of . 
 he was n't very tall , and he was n't very bright , and he tried to make up for these factors with a puppylike friendliness and willingness to do whatever one asked . 
 on the down side , if his help was not needed , no matter how tactfully you expressed it , he turned sullen and self-pitying . 
 benjamin was a difficult person , one of those people who make you feel ashamed of yourself if you dislike him , while making it almost impossible to like him . 
 i disliked him , of course . 
 he 'd asked me out three times , and every time , feeling deeply ashamed of myself , i 'd told him no . 
 even as desperate for a date as i was , i could n't stomach the thought of going out with benjamin . 
 he 'd tried a fundamentalist church , he 'd tried coaching little league , and now he was trying real murders . 
 i smiled at him falsely and damned the hamburger meat that had led me into his sight . 
 he hurried through the swinging door to the right of the meat . 
 i steeled myself to be nice . 
 `` the police came to my apartment last night , '' he said breathlessly . 
 `` they wanted to know why i had n't come to the meeting . '' 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 i asked bluntly . 
 the bloodstained apron was making me feel unwell . 
 suddenly hamburger seemed quite distasteful . 
 `` oh , i hated to miss your presentation , '' he assured me , as if i 'd been worried , `` but i had something else i had to do . '' 
 put that in your pipe and smoke it , his expression said . 
 benjamin 's words were as mild and apologetic and his voice was as abased as usual , but his face was another matter . 
 i looked inquiring and waited . 
 definitely not the hamburger . 
 maybe no red meat at all . 
 `` i 'm in politics , '' benjamin told me , his voice modest but his face triumphant . 
 `` the mayoral race ? '' 
 i guessed . 
 `` right . 
 i 'm helping out morrison pettigrue . 
 i 'm his campaign manager . '' 
 and benjamin 's voice quivered with pride . 
 whoever morrison pettigrue was , he was sure to lose . 
 the name rang a faint bell , but i was n't willing to stand there waiting to recall what i knew . 
 `` i wish you luck , '' i said with as good a smile as i could scrape together . 
 `` would you like to go to a rally with me next week ? '' 
 my god , he wanted me to kick him in the face . 
 that was the only explanation . 
 i looked at him and thought , you pathetic person . 
 then i felt ashamed , of course , and that made me angry at myself , and him . 
 `` no , benjamin , '' i said with finality . 
 i could not offer an excuse . 
 i did not want this to happen again . 
 `` okay , '' he said , with martyrdom in his voice . 
 `` well ... i 'll be seeing you . '' 
 the hurt quivered dramatically just under his brave smile . 
 the old reply came to the tip of my tongue , and i bit it back . 
 but as i wheeled my cart away , i whispered , `` not if i see you first . '' 
 as i slowed down to stare at the dog food bags , just so he would n't look out the window and see me speeding away as fast as i could move , i realized there were a couple of funny things about our conversation . 
 he had n't asked any questions about last night . 
 he had n't asked who had been at the meeting , he had n't said how strange it was that the only night he 'd missed was the night something extraordinary happened . 
 he had n't even asked how it felt to discover mamie 's body , something everyone i 'd seen today had been trying to ask me in roundabout ways . 
 i puzzled over it while i selected shampoo , and then decided not to worry about benjamin greer . 
 instead , i would get mad at the shelf stockers . 
 naturally , every kind of heavily sugared cereal based on a cartoon show was at my eye level , while cereal bought by grown-ups was stacked way above my head . 
 i could reach them , but then the stockers had laid other boxes down on top of the row of upright boxes . 
 if i pulled out the one i could reach , the others on top of it would come toppling down , making lots of noise and attracting lots of attention . 
 you can tell i know from experience . 
 i turned sideways to maximize my stretch and stood on my tiptoes . 
 no go . 
 i was just going to have to switch brands or start eating cereal that tasted like bubble gum . 
 that horrible thought galvanized me into another attempt . 
 `` here , young lady , let me get that for you , '' said an unbearably patronizing voice from somewhere above me . 
 a huge hand reached over my head , grasped the box easily , and like a crane lowered the box into my cart . 
 i gripped the cart handle as if it were my temper . 
 i breathed out once deeply , and then in again . 
 i slowly turned to face my benefactor . 
 i looked up - and up - into a comically dismayed face topped by a thatch of longish red hair . 
 `` oh , gosh , i 'm sorry , '' said robin crusoe . 
 hazel eyes blinked at me anxiously from behind his wire-rims . 
 `` i thought - from the back , you know , you look about twelve . 
 but certainly not from the front . '' 
 he realized what he 'd just said , and his eyes closed in horror . 
 i was beginning to enjoy this . 
 a fleeting image crossed my mind of us in an intimate situation , and i wondered if it would work at all . 
 i could n't help it ; i began to smile . 
 he smiled back , relieved , and i saw his charm instantly . 
 he had a crooked smile , a little shy . 
 `` i do n't think we should talk like this , '' he said , indicating the difference in our heights . 
 `` why do n't i come over after i get my groceries put up ? 
 you live right by me , i think you said last night ? 
 you make me want to pick you up so i can see you better . '' 
 that so closely matched a certain image crossing my mind that i could feel my face turning red . 
 `` please do come over . 
 i 'm sure you have a lot of questions after last night , '' i said . 
 `` that would be great . 
 my place is in such a mess that i need a break from looking at boxes . '' 
 `` okay , then . 
 about an hour ? '' 
 `` sure , see you then - your name 's really roe ? '' 
 `` short for aurora , '' i explained . 
 `` aurora teagarden . '' 
 he did n't seem to think my name was unusual at all . 
 <br/> `` just wondered , '' i said neutrally . 
 `` that sergeant burns , he 's a grim kind of man , '' robin said thoughtfully . 
 `` and detective smith is no lightweight . '' 
 `` you did n't even know mamie , it 's out of the question you could be suspected . '' 
 `` well , i guess i could have known her before . 
 but i did n't , and i think smith believes that . 
 but i bet he 'll check . 
 that 's a guy i would n't like to have on my trail . '' 
 `` mamie would n't have gotten there before 7:00 , '' i said thoughtfully . 
 `` and i have no alibi for 7:00 to 7:30 . 
 she had to meet the vfw president at the vfw hall to get the key . 
 and i think after every meeting she had to run by his house to return the key . '' 
 `` nope . 
 yesterday she dropped by the president 's house and picked up the key . 
 she told them she needed to get in early , she had some kind of appointment to meet someone there before the meeting . '' 
 `` how 'd you know that ? '' 
 i was agog and indignant . 
 `` the detective asked to use the phone to call the station and i pieced that together from listening to his end of the conversation , '' he said frankly . 
 aha , another person who was curious by nature . 
 `` oh . 
 so , '' i said slowly , thinking as i went , `` whoever killed her actually had plenty of time to fix everything up . 
 he got her to come early somehow , so he 'd have buckets of time to kill her and arrange her and go home to clean up . '' 
 i drained my glass and shuddered . 
 robin said hastily , `` tell me about the other club members . '' 
 i decided that question was the real purpose of his visit . 
 i felt disappointed , but philosophical . 
 `` jane engle , the white-haired older lady , '' i began . 
 `` she 's retired but works from time to time substitute teaching or substituting at the library . 
 she 's an expert on victorian murders . '' 
 and then i ran down the list on my fingers : gifford doakes , melanie clark , bankston waites , john queensland , lemaster cane , arthur smith , mamie and gerald wright , perry allison , sally allison , benjamin greer . 
 `` but perry 's only just started coming , '' i explained . 
 `` i guess he 's not really a member . '' 
 robin nodded , and his red hair fell across his eyes . 
 he brushed it back absently . 
 that absorption in his face and the small gesture did something to me . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` give me a little biography . '' 
 `` not much to tell . 
 i went to high school here , went to a small private college , did some graduate work at the university in library science and came home and got a job at the local library . '' 
 robin looked disconcerted . 
 `` all right , it never occurred to me not to come back , '' i said after a moment . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` oh , i 'm going to teach a course at the university . 
 the writer they had lined up had a heart attack ... do you ever do impulsive things ? '' 
 robin asked suddenly . 
 one of the strongest impulses i 'd ever felt urged me to put down my wine glass , walk over to robin crusoe , a writer i 'd known only a few hours , sit on his lap , and kiss him until he fainted . 
 `` almost never , '' i said with real regret . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` have you ever experienced ... '' my doorbell chimed twice . 
 `` excuse me , '' i said with even deeper regret , and answered the front door . 
 mr. windham , my mail carrier , handed me a brown-wrapped package . 
 `` i could n't fit this in your box , '' he explained . 
 i glanced at the mailing label . 
 `` oh , it 's not to me , it 's to mother , '' i said , puzzled . 
 `` well , we have to deliver by addresses , so i had to bring it here , '' mr. windham said righteously . 
 of course , he was right ; my address was on the package . 
 the return address was my father 's home in the city . 
 the label itself was typed , as usual for father . 
 he 's gotten a new typewriter , i thought , surprised . 
 his old smith-corona had been the only typewriter he 'd ever used . 
 maybe he 'd mailed it to mother from his office and used a typewriter there ? 
 then i noticed the date . 
 `` six days ? '' 
 i said incredulously . 
 `` it took six days for this to travel thirty miles ? '' 
 mr. windham shrugged defensively . 
 my father had n't said a word about mailing us anything . 
 as i shut the front door , i reflected that father had n't sent mother a package in my memory , certainly never since the divorce . 
 i was eaten up with curiosity . 
 i stopped at the kitchen phone on my way back out to the patio . 
 she was in her office , and said she 'd stop by on her way to show a house . 
 she was as puzzled as i was , and i hated to hear that little thread of excitement in her voice . 
 robin seemed to be dozing in his chair , so i quietly picked up our wine glasses and washed them so i could put them away before mother got there . 
 i did n't need her arching her eyebrows at me . 
 actually , i was glad to have a breather . 
 i 'd almost done something radical earlier , and it was almost as much fun to think about nearly having done it as it would have been -lrb- maybe -rrb- to do it . 
 when mother came through the gate , robin woke up - if he 'd really been asleep - and i introduced them . 
 robin stood courteously , shook hands properly , and admired mother as she was used to being admired , from her perfectly frosted hair to her slim elegant legs . 
 mother was wearing one of her very expensive suits , this one in a champagne color , and she looked like a million-dollar saleswoman . 
 which she was , several times over . 
 `` so nice to see you again , mr. crusoe , '' she said in her husky voice . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had such a bad experience your first evening in our little town . 
 really , lawrenceton is a lovely place , and i 'm sure you wo n't regret living here and commuting to the city . '' 
 i handed her the box . 
 she looked at the return address sharply , then began ripping open the wrapping while she kept up an idle conversation with robin . 
 `` mrs. see 's ! '' 
 we exclaimed simultaneously when we saw the white and black box . 
 `` candy ? '' 
 robin said uncertainly . 
 he sat back down when i did . 
 `` very good candy , '' mother said happily . 
 `` they sell it out west , and in the midwest too , but you ca n't get it down here . 
 i used to have a cousin in st. louis who 'd send me a box every christmas , but she passed away last year . 
 so roe and i were thinking we 'd never get a box of mrs. see 's again ! '' 
 `` i want the chocolate-almond clusters ! '' 
 i reminded her . 
 `` they 're yours , '' mother assured me . 
 `` you know i only like the creams ... hum . 
 no note . 
 that 's odd . '' 
 `` i guess dad just remembered how much you liked them , '' i offered , but it was a weak offering . 
 somehow the gesture just was n't like my father ; it was an impulse gift , since mother 's birthday was months away , and he had n't been giving her a birthday present since they divorced , anyway . 
 so , a nice impulse . 
 but my father never did impulsive things ; i came by my caution honestly . 
 mother had offered the box to robin , who shook his head . 
 she settled down to the delightful task of choosing her first piece of mrs. see 's . 
 it was one of our favorite little christmas rituals , and the spring weather felt all wrong suddenly . 
 `` it 's been so long , '' she mused . 
 she finally sighed and lifted a piece . 
 `` aurora , is n't this the one with caramel filling ? '' 
 i peered at the chocolate in question . 
 i was sitting down , mother was standing up , so i could see what she had n't . 
 there was a hole in the bottom of the chocolate . 
 it had gotten banged around in shipment ? 
 abruptly i leaned forward and pulled another chocolate out of its paper frill . 
 it was a nut cluster and it was pristine . 
 i breathed out a sigh of relief . 
 just in case , i picked up another cream . 
 it had a hole in the bottom , too . 
 `` mom . 
 put the candy down . '' 
 `` is this a piece you wanted ? '' 
 she asked , eyebrows raised at my tone . 
 `` put it down . '' 
 she did , and looked at me angrily . 
 `` there 's something wrong with it , mom . 
 robin , look . '' 
 i poked at the piece she 'd relinquished with my finger . 
 robin lifted the chocolate delicately with his long fingers and peered at the bottom . 
 he put it down and looked at several more . 
 my mother looked cross and frightened . 
 `` surely this is ridiculous , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't think so , mrs. teagarden , '' robin answered finally . 
 `` i think someone 's tried to poison you , and maybe roe too . '' 
 chapter 6 so arthur came to my apartment on official business twice in one day , and he brought another detective with him this time , or maybe she brought him . 
 lynn liggett was a homicide detective , and she was as tall as arthur , which made her tall for a woman . 
 i ca n't say i was afraid right then . 
 i was confused at the label apparently addressed by my father , i was indignant that someone had tried to trick us into eating something unhealthy , but i was sure that with poisons being so hard to obtain , whatever was in the candy would prove to be something that might have caused us to have a few bad hours , but simply could n't have killed mother or me . 
 arthur seemed pretty grim about the whole thing , and lynn liggett asked us questions . 
 and more questions . 
 i could see the lapel pin on mother 's jacket heave . 
 when detective liggett bagged the candy and carried it out to arthur 's car , mother said to me in a furious whisper , `` she acts like we are people who do n't live decent lives ! '' 
 `` she does n't know us , mother , '' i said soothingly , though to tell the truth i was a little peeved with detective liggett myself . 
 questions like , `` have you recently finished a relationship that left someone bitter with you , mrs. teagarden ? '' 
 and `` miss teagarden , how long have you known mr. crusoe ? '' 
 had not left a good taste in my mouth either . 
 i 'd never before been able to understand why good citizens did n't cooperate with the police - after all , they had their job to do , they did n't know you personally , to them all citizens should be treated alike , blah blah blah , right ? 
 now i could understand . 
 jack burns looking at me like i was a day-old catfish corpse had been one thing , an isolated incident maybe . 
 i wanted to say , liggett , romantic relationships do n't figure in this , some maniac mailed this candy to mother and dragged me into it by addressing it to me ! 
 but i knew lynn liggett was obliged to ask us these questions and i was bound to answer them . 
 and still i resented it . 
 maybe it would n't have bothered me if lynn liggett had n't been a woman . 
 not that i did n't think women should be detectives . 
 i certainly did think women should be detectives , and i thought many women i knew would be great detectives - you should see some of my fellow librarians tracking down an overdue book , and i 'm not being facetious . 
 but lynn liggett seemed to be evaluating me as a fellow woman , and she found me wanting . 
 she looked down at me and found me smaller than her `` every whichaways , '' as i remembered my grandmother saying . 
 i conjectured that since being tall must have given detective liggett problems , she automatically assumed i felt superior to her as a woman , since i was so short and therefore more `` feminine . '' 
 since she could n't compete with me on that level , liggett figured she 'd be tougher , more suspicious , coldly professional . 
 a strong frontier woman as opposed to me , the namby-pamby useless stay-back-in-the-effete-east toy woman . 
 i know a lot about role-playing , and she could n't pull that bull on me . 
 i was tempted to burst into tears , pull out a lace handkerchief - if i had possessed such a useless thing - and say , `` ar-thur ! 
 little ole me is just so scared ! '' 
 because i could see that this had little to do with me , but much to do with arthur . 
 getting right down to the nitty-gritty , homicide detective liggett had the hots for burglary detective smith , and as detective liggett saw it , detective smith had the hots for me . 
 it 's taken me a long time to spell out what i sensed in a matter of minutes . 
 i was disappointed in lynn liggett , because i would have liked to be her friend and listen to her stories about her job . 
 i hoped she was a more subtle detective than she was a woman . 
 and i had to answer the damn questions anyway , even though i knew , mother knew , and i believe arthur knew , that they were a waste of time . 
 robin stayed the whole time , though his presence was not absolutely necessary once he 'd told his simple story to the detectives . 
 `` i ran into roe teagarden in the grocery , and asked her if i could come over here to relax a little since my place is such a mess . 
 when the candy came , she seemed quite surprised , yes . 
 i also saw the hole in the bottom of the piece of candy when mrs. teagarden held it up . 
 no , i did n't know either roe or mrs. teagarden until the last two days . 
 i met mrs. teagarden briefly when i went by her real estate office to rendezvous with the lady who was going to show me the apartment next door , and i did n't meet roe until the real murders meeting last night . '' 
 `` and you 've been here since when ? '' 
 arthur asked quietly . 
 he was standing in the kitchen talking to robin , while detective liggett questioned mother and me as we sat on the couch and she crouched on the love seat . 
 `` oh , i 've been here about an hour and a half , '' robin said with a slight edge . 
 arthur 's voice had had absolutely no overtone whatsoever -lrb- liggett was not quite that good -rrb- but i had the distinct feeling that everyone here was following his or her own agenda , except possibly my mother . 
 she was certainly no dummy when a sexual element entered the air , however , and in fact she suddenly gave me one of her dazzling smiles of approval , which i could have done without since detective liggett seemed to intercept it and interpret it as some kind of reflection on her . 
 my mother rose and swept up her purse and terminated the interview . 
 `` my daughter is fine and i am fine , and i can not imagine that my former husband sent this candy or ever intended to hurt either of us , '' she said decisively . 
 `` he adores aurora , and he and i have a civil relationship . 
 our little family habits are no secret to anyone . 
 i do n't imagine our little christmas custom of a box of candy has gone unremarked . 
 probably , i 've bored people many times by talking about it . 
 we 'll be interested to hear , of course , when you all find out what is actually in the candy - if anything . 
 maybe the holes in the bottom are just to alarm us , and this is some practical joke . 
 thanks for coming , and i have to be getting back to the office . '' 
 i stood up too , and lynn liggett felt forced to walk to the door with us . 
 my mother got into her car first , while arthur and lynn conferred together on the patio . 
 robin was clearly undecided about what he should do . 
 arthur throwing out his male challenge , in however subdued a way , had struck robin by surprise , and he was squinting thoughtfully at my stove without seeing it . 
 he was probably wondering what he 'd gotten into , and if this murder investigation was going to be as much fun as he 'd anticipated . 
 i was abruptly sick of all of them . 
 maybe i had n't been a big dating success because i was a boring person , but possibly it had been because i had limited tolerance for all this preliminary maneuvering and signal reading . 
 my friend amina day loved all this stuff and was practically a professional at it . 
 i missed amina suddenly and desperately . 
 `` come have lunch with me in the city monday , '' robin suggested , having reached some internal decision . 
 i thought a moment . 
 `` okay , '' i agreed . 
 `` i covered for another librarian when she took her kid to the orthodontist last week , so i do n't have to go in monday until two o'clock . '' 
 `` are you familiar with the university campus ? 
 oh , sure , you went there . 
 well , meet me at tarkington hall , the english building . 
 i 'll be finishing up a writer 's workshop at 11:45 on the third floor in room 36 . 
 we 'll just leave from there , if that suits you . '' 
 `` that 'll be fine . 
 see you then . '' 
 `` if you need me for anything , i 'll be at home all day tomorrow getting ready for my classes . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 the phone rang inside and i turned to get it as robin sauntered out my gate , waving a casual hand to the two detectives . 
 an excited male voice asked for arthur , and i called him to the phone . 
 lynn liggett had recovered her cool , and when i called , `` arthur ! 
 phone ! '' 
 her mouth only twitched a little . 
 oops , silly me . 
 should have said detective smith . 
 i watered my rose trees while arthur talked inside . 
 lynn regarded me thoughtfully . 
 the silence between us was pretty fragile , and i felt small talk was not a good idea , but i tried anyway . 
 `` how long have you been on the force here ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` about three years . 
 i came here as a patrol officer , then got promoted . '' 
 maybe detective liggett and i would have become bosom buddies in a few more minutes , but arthur came out of the apartment then with electricity crackling in every step . 
 `` the purse has been found , '' he said to his co-worker . 
 `` no shit ! 
 where ? '' 
 `` stuffed under the front seat of a car . '' 
 well , say which one ! 
 i almost said indignantly . 
 but arthur did n't , of course , and he and his confrere were out the gate with nary a word for me . 
 and i 'll give this to lynn liggett , she was too involved in her work to look back at me in triumph . 
 <br/> after amina finished telling me about her job , i dropped my bombshell . 
 `` you found a body ! 
 oh , yick ! 
 who was it ? '' 
 amina shrieked . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 are you having bad dreams ? 
 was the chocolate really poisoned ? '' 
 amina being my best friend , i told her the truth . 
 `` i do n't know yet if the chocolate was poisoned . 
 yes , i 'm having bad dreams , but this is really exciting at the same time . '' 
 `` are you safe , do you think ? '' 
 she asked anxiously . 
 `` do you want to come stay with me until this is all over ? 
 i ca n't believe this is happening to you ! 
 you 're so nice ! '' 
 `` well , nice or not , '' i retorted grimly , `` it 's happening . 
 thanks for asking me , amina , and i will come to see you soon . 
 but i have to stay here for now . 
 i do n't think i 'm in any more danger . 
 this was my turn to be targeted , i guess , and i came out okay . '' 
 i skipped my speculation with arthur that maybe the killer would go on killing , and jane engle 's conjecture that maybe we would all be drawn in , and cut right to amina 's area of expertise . 
 `` i have a situation here , '' i began , and at once had her undivided attention . 
 the nuances and dosey-does between the sexes were amina 's bread and butter . 
 i had n't had anything like this to tell amina since we were in high school . 
 it was hard to credit that grown people still engaged in all this - foreplay . 
 `` so , '' amina said when i 'd finished . 
 `` arthur is a little resentful that this robin spent the afternoon at your place , and robin 's trying to decide whether he likes you well enough to keep up the beginning of your relationship in view of arthur 's slight proprietary air . 
 though arthur is not the proprietor of anything yet , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` and you have n't actually had a date with either of these bozos , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` but robin has asked you to lunch in the city for monday . '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` and you 're supposed to meet him at the classroom . '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` and lizanne has definitely discarded this robin . '' 
 amina and lizanne had always had a curious relationship . 
 amina operated on personality and lizanne on looks , but they 'd both run through the male population of lawrence-ton and surrounding towns at an amazing rate . 
 `` lizanne formally bequeathed him to me , '' i told amina . 
 `` she 's not greedy , '' amina conceded . 
 `` if she does n't want 'em , she lets 'em know , and she lets 'em go . 
 now , if you 're going to meet him at the university , you realize he 's going to be sitting in a classroom full of little chickies just panting to hop in bed with a famous writer . 
 he 's not ugly , right ? '' 
 `` he 's not conventionally handsome , '' i said . 
 `` he has charm . '' 
 `` well , do n't wear one of those blouse and skirt combinations you 're always wearing to work ! '' 
 `` what do you suggest i wear ? '' 
 i inquired coldly . 
 `` listen , you called me for advice , '' amina reminded me . 
 `` okay , i 'm giving it to you . 
 you 've had an awful time . 
 nothing makes you feel better than a few new clothes , and you can afford it . 
 so go to my mom 's shop tomorrow when it opens , and get something new . 
 maybe a classic town 'n country type dress . 
 stick to little earrings , since you 're so short , and maybe a few gold chains . '' 
 -lrb- a few ? 
 i was lucky to have one my mother had given me for christmas . 
 amina 's boyfriends gave her gold chains for every occasion , in whatever length or thickness they could afford . 
 she probably had twenty . -rrb- 
 `` that should be fine for a casual lunch in the city , '' amina concluded . 
 `` you think he 'll notice me as a woman , not just a fellow murder buff ? '' 
 `` if you want him to notice you as a woman , just lust after him . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` i do n't mean lick your lips or pant . 
 keep conversation normal . 
 do n't do anything obvious . 
 you have to keep it so you do n't lose anything if he decides he 's not interested . '' 
 amina was as interested in saving face as any japanese . 
 `` so what do i do ? '' 
 `` just lust . 
 keep everything going like normal , but sort of concentrate on the area below your waist and above your knees , right ? 
 and send out waves . 
 you can do it . 
 it 's like the kegel exercise . 
 you ca n't show anyone how to do it , but if you describe it to a woman , she can pick it up . '' 
 `` i 'll try , '' i said doubtfully . 
 `` do n't worry , it 'll come naturally , '' amina told me . 
 `` i have to hang up , the doorbell is ringing . 
 call me again and tell me how it goes , okay ? 
 the only thing wrong with houston is that you are n't here . '' 
 `` i miss you , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , and i miss you , but you needed me to leave , '' amina said , and then she did hang up . 
 and after a moment 's disbelief , i knew she was right . 
 her departure had freed me from the role of the most popular woman 's best friend , a role that required i not attempt to make the most of myself because even the best of me could not compete with amina . 
 i almost had to be the intellectual drab one . 
 i was sitting thinking about what amina had said when the phone rang while my hand was still resting on it . 
 i jumped a mile . 
 `` it 's me again , '' amina said rapidly . 
 `` listen , franklin is waiting for me in the living room , but i ran back here to my other phone to tell you this . 
 you said perry allison was in that club with you ? 
 you watch out for perry . 
 when he was in college with me , he and i took a lot of the same courses our freshman year . 
 but he would have these mood swings . 
 he 'd be hyper-excited and follow me around just jabbering , then he 'd be all quiet and sullen and just stare at me . 
 finally the college called his mother . '' 
 `` poor sally , '' i said involuntarily . 
 `` she came and got him and i think committed him , not just because of me but because he was skipping classes and no one would room with him because his habits got so strange . '' 
 `` i think he 's beginning to repeat that pattern , amina . 
 he 's still holding together at the library , but i see sally looking worried these days . '' 
 `` you just watch out for him . 
 he never hurt anyone that i know of , though he made a bunch of people nervous . 
 but if he 's involved in this murder thing , you watch out ! '' 
 `` thanks , amina . '' 
 `` sure , ` bye now . '' 
 and she was gone , again to enjoy herself with franklin . 
 chapter 7 sunday dawned warm and rainy . 
 a breeze swooped over the fence and rustled my rose trees . 
 it was not a morning to eat breakfast on the patio . 
 i fried bacon and ate my bakery sweet roll while listening to a local radio broadcast . 
 the mayoral candidates were answering questions on this morning 's talk show . 
 the election promised more interest than the usual democratic shoo-in , since not only was there a republican candidate who actually had a slim chance , there was a candidate from the - gasp - communist party ! 
 of course , this was the candidate whose campaign benjamin greer was managing . 
 poor miserable benjamin , hoping that the communist party and politics would be his salvation . 
 of course the communist , morrison pettigrue , was one of the new people , one of those who 'd fled the city but wanted to stay close to it . 
 at least this would be a unifying election for lawrenceton . 
 none of the candidates was black , which always made for a tense campaign and a divisive one . 
 the republican and democrat were having the time of their political lives , giving sane , sober answers to banal questions , and thoroughly enjoying pettigrue 's fiery responses that sometimes bordered on the irrational . 
 bless his heart , i thought sadly , not only is he a communist but he 's also very unappealing . 
 i 'd made a point of looking for pettigrue 's campaign posters on the way back from the grocery store the day before . 
 they said nothing about the communist party -lrb- just `` elect morrison pettigrue , the people 's choice , for mayor '' -rrb- and they showed him to be a grim-featured swarthy man who had obviously suffered badly from acne . 
 i listened while i ate breakfast , but then i switched to some country and western music for my dishwashing . 
 domestic chores always went faster when you could sing about drinkin ' and cheatin ' . 
 it was such a nice little morning i decided to go to church . 
 i often did . 
 i sometimes enjoyed it and felt better for going , but i felt no spiritual compulsion . 
 i went because i hoped i 'd `` catch it , '' like deliberately exposing myself to the chicken pox . 
 sometimes i even wore a hat and gloves , though that was bordering on parody and gloves were not so easy to find anymore . 
 it was n't a hat-and-gloves day , today , too dark and rainy , and i was n't in a role-playing mood , anyway . 
 as i pulled into the presbyterian parking lot , i wondered if i 'd see melanie clark , who sometimes attended . 
 had she been arrested ? 
 i could n't believe stolid melanie truly was in danger of being charged with mamie wright 's murder . 
 the only possible motive anyone could attribute to melanie was an affair with gerald wright . 
 someone ... some murderer , i reminded myself ... was playing an awful joke on melanie . 
 i drifted through the service , thinking about god and mamie . 
 i felt horrible when i thought of what another human being had done to mamie ; yet i had to face it , when she had been alive the predominant feeling i 'd had for her had been contempt . 
 now mamie 's soul , and i believe we do all have one , was facing god , as i would one day too . 
 this was too close to the bone for me , and i buried that thought so i could dig it up later when i was n't so vulnerable . 
 i made my way out of church , speaking with most of the congregation along my way . 
 all the talk i heard was about melanie and her predicament , and the latest information appeared to be that melanie had had to go down to the police station for a while , but on bankston 's vehement vouching for her every move on the evening of mamie wright 's death , she 'd been allowed to go home and -lrb- the feeling went -rrb- was thus exonerated . 
 melanie herself was an orphan , but bankston 's mother was a presbyterian . 
 today of course she was the center of an attentive group on the church steps . 
 mrs. waites was as blond and blue-eyed as her son , and ordinarily just as phlegmatic . 
 but this sunday she was an angry woman and did n't care who knew it . 
 she was mad at the police for suspecting `` that sweet melanie '' for one single minute . 
 as if a girl like that was going to beat a fly to death , much less a grown woman ! 
 and those police suggesting that maybe things were n't as they should be between melanie and mr. wright ! 
 as if wild horses could drag melanie and bankston away from each other ! 
 at least this awful thing had gone and gotten bankston to speak his mind . 
 he and melanie were going to be married in two months . 
 no , a date had n't been set , but they were going to decide about one today , and melanie was going to go down to millie 's gifts this week and pick out china and silver patterns . 
 this was a triumphant moment for mrs. waites , who had been trying to marry off bankston for years . 
 her other children were settled , and bankston 's apparent willingness to wait for the right woman to come to him , instead of actively searching himself , had tried mrs. waites to the limit . 
 i would have to go pick out a fork or salad plate . 
 i 'd given lots of similar gifts in a hundred different patterns . 
 i sighed , and tried hard not to feel sorry for myself as i drove to mother 's . 
 i always ate sunday lunch with her , unless she was off on one of the myriad real estate conventions she attended or out showing houses . 
 mother -lrb- who had spent a rare sunday morning at home -rrb- was in fine spirits because she 'd sold a $ 200,000 house the day before , after she 'd left my apartment . 
 not too many women can get poisoned chocolates , be interrogated by the police , and sell expensive properties in the same day . 
 `` i 'm trying to get john to let me list his house , '' she told me over the pot roast . 
 `` what ? 
 why would he sell his house ? 
 it 's beautiful . '' 
 `` his wife has been dead several years now , and all the children are gone , and he does n't need a big house to rattle around in , '' my mother said . 
 `` you 've been divorced for twelve years , your child is gone , and you do n't need a big house to rattle around in either , '' i pointed out . 
 i had been wondering why my mother did n't unload the `` four br two-story brick w/frpl and 3 baths '' i 'd grown up in . 
 `` well , there 's a possibility john will have somewhere else to live soon , '' mother said too casually . 
 `` we may get married . '' 
 god , everyone was doing it ! 
 i pulled myself together and looked happy for mother 's sake . 
 i managed to say the right things , and i meant them , and she seemed pleased . 
 what on earth could i get them for a wedding present ? 
 `` since john does n't seem to want to talk about his involvement with real murders right now , '' mother said suddenly , `` why do n't you just tell me about this club ? '' 
 `` john 's an expert on lizzie borden , '' i explained . 
 `` if you really want to know about his main interest , apart from golf and you , it 's lizzie . 
 you ought to read victoria lincoln 's a private disgrace . 
 that 's one of the best books about the borden case i 've read . '' 
 `` um , aurora ... who was lizzie borden ? '' 
 i gaped at my mother . 
 `` that 's like asking a baseball fan who mickey mantle was , '' i said finally . 
 `` i did n't know that a person could not know who lizzie borden was . 
 just ask john . 
 he 'll talk your ear off . 
 but if you read the book first , he 'll appreciate it . '' 
 mother actually wrote the title in her little notebook . 
 she really meant it about john queensland , she was really serious about getting married . 
 i could n't decide how i felt ; i only knew how i ought to feel . 
 at least acting that out made my mother happy . 
 `` really , aurora , i want you to tell me about the club in general , though i do want to discuss john 's particular interest intelligently , of course . 
 now that you and he are both tied in with this horrible murder , and you and i got sent that candy , i want to know what the background on these crimes is . '' 
 `` mother , i ca n't remember when real murders started ... about three years ago , i guess . 
 there was a book signing at thy sting , the mystery book store in the city . 
 and all of us now in real murders turned up for the signing , which was being held for a book about a real murder . 
 it was such a funny coincidence , all us lawrenceton people showing up , interested in the same thing , that we sort of agreed to call each other and start something up we could all come to in our own town . 
 so we began meeting every month , and the format for the meetings just evolved - a lecture and discussion on a real murder most months , a related topic other months . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i was getting tired of explaining real murders . 
 i expected mother to change the subject now , as she always had before when i 'd tried to talk about my interest in the club . 
 `` you told me earlier that you believe mamie wright 's murder was patterned on the wallace murder , '' mother said instead . 
 `` and you said that jane engle believes that the candy being sent to us is also patterned like another crime - she 's trying to look it up ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you 're in danger , '' my mother said flatly . 
 `` i want you to leave lawrenceton until this is all over . 
 there 's no way you can be implicated , like poor melanie was with that purse hidden in her car , if you 're out of town . '' 
 `` well , that would be great , mom , '' i said , knowing she hated to be called ` mom ' , `` but i happen to have a job . 
 i 'm supposed to just go to my boss and tell him my mother is scared something might happen to me , so i have to get out of town for an indefinite period of time ? 
 just hold my job , mr. clerrick ? '' 
 `` are n't you scared ? '' 
 she asked furiously . 
 `` yes , yes ! 
 if you had seen what this killer can do , if you had seen mamie wright 's head , or what was left of it , you 'd be scared too ! 
 but i ca n't leave ! 
 i have a life ! '' 
 my mother did n't say anything , but her unguarded response , which showed clearly in those amazing eyebrows , was `` since when ? '' 
 i went home with a plateful of leftovers for supper , as usual , and decided to have a sunday afternoon and evening of self-pity . 
 sunday afternoons are good for that . 
 i took off my pretty dress -lrb- no matter what amina says , i do have some pretty and flattering clothes -rrb- and put on my nastiest sweats . 
 i stopped short of washing off my makeup and messing up my hair , but i felt that way . 
 what i hated to do most was wash windows , so i decided today was the day . 
 the clouds had lightened a little and i no longer expected rain , so i collected all the window washing paraphernalia and did the downstairs , grimly spraying and wiping and then repeating the process . 
 i carried around my step stool , even with its boost barely reaching the top panes . 
 when they were shining clearly , i trudged upstairs with my cleaning rag and spray bottle and began on the guest bedroom . 
 it overlooked the parking lot , so i had a great view of the elderly couple next door , the crandalls , coming home in their sunday best . 
 perhaps they 'd been to a married child 's for lunch ... they had several children here in town , and i recalled teentsy crandall mentioning at least eight grandchildren . 
 teentsy and her husband jed were laughing together , and he patted her on the shoulder as he held open the gate . 
 no sooner were they inside than bankston 's blue car entered the lot and he and melanie emerged holding hands and smoldering at each other . 
 even to me , and i am not really experienced , it was apparent that they could hardly wait until they got inside . 
 as a crowning touch to a feel-sorry-for-yourself afternoon , it could hardly be beat . 
 what did i have to look forward to ? 
 i asked myself rhetorically . 
 `` 60 minutes '' and heated-up pot roast . 
 i decided i 'd take amina 's advice after all . 
 i 'd be there when her mom 's shop opened at 10:00 the next morning . 
 with luck and my charge card , i could be ready for my trip to the city to have lunch with robin crusoe . 
 then i decided that there was , after all , something i could do with my evening . 
 i picked up my personal phone book and began dialling . 
 chapter 8 by 8:00 they were all there . 
 it was crowded in my apartment , with jane , gerald , and sally given the best seats and the others perched on chairs from the dinette set or sitting on the floor , like the lovebirds , melanie and bankston . 
 i had n't called robin , because he had only been to real murders one time ; one disastrous time . 
 lemaster cane was sitting apart from everyone else , speaking to no one , his dark face deliberately blank . 
 gifford had brought reynaldo , and they were huddled together with their backs pressed against the wall , looking sullen . 
 gerald still looked shocked , his pouchy face white and strained . 
 benjamin greer was trying to be buddies with perry allison , who was openly sneering . 
 sally was trying not to watch her son , and carrying on a sporadic conversation with arthur , who looked exhausted . 
 john 's creamy white head was bent toward jane , who was talking quietly . 
 even under the circumstances , i was sorely tempted to stand and say , `` i guess you 're wondering why i called you all here , '' but i did n't quite have the nerve . 
 and after all , they knew why they were here . 
 i had assumed john would take the lead , since he was the president of our club . 
 but he was looking at me expectantly , and i realized that it was up to me to start . 
 `` friends , '' i said loudly , and the little rags of conversation stopped as though they 'd been trimmed off with a knife . 
 i paused for a minute , trying to marshall my thoughts , and gifford said , `` stand up so we can see ya . '' 
 i saw several nods , so i stood . 
 `` first , '' i resumed , `` i want to tell gerald we 're all sorry , grieved , about mamie . '' 
 gerald looked around listlessly , acknowledging the murmur of sympathy with a nod of his head . 
 `` then , '' i went on , `` i think we need to talk about what 's happening to us . '' 
 i had everyone 's undivided attention . 
 `` i guess you all know about the tampered-with candy sent to me and my mother . 
 i ca n't say poisoned , because we do n't know for sure it was ; so i ca n't be sure the intent was to kill . 
 but i suppose we can assume that . '' 
 i looked around to see if anyone would disagree . 
 no one did . 
 `` and of course you all also know that mamie 's purse was put in melanie 's car . '' 
 melanie looked down in embarrassment , her straight dark hair swinging forward to hide her face . 
 bankston put his arm around her and held her close . 
 `` as if melanie would do such a thing , '' he said hotly . 
 `` well , we all know that , '' i said . 
 `` of course , '' jane chimed in indignantly . 
 `` i know , '' i went on very very carefully , `` that sally and arthur are in a delicate position tonight . 
 sally might want to report to the paper that we met , and arthur will have to tell the police that he was here and what happened . 
 i can see that . 
 but i hope that sally will agree that tonight is off the record . '' 
 everyone looked at sally , who threw back her bronze head and glared at us all . 
 `` the police want me not to print that the murder was a copy , '' she said in exasperation . 
 `` but everyone in real murders has been telling other people anyway . 
 i 'm losing the best story i ever had . 
 now you all want me to not be a reporter tonight . 
 it 's like asking arthur not to be a policeman for a couple of hours . '' 
 `` then you wo n't keep this off the record ? '' 
 gifford said unexpectedly . '' 
 'cause if this is n't off the record , i 'm out the door . '' 
 he stared at sally , and smoothed back his long hair . 
 `` oh , all right , '' sally said . 
 her tan eyes snapped as she glared around the room . 
 `` but i 'm telling you all , this is the last time anything said to me about these murders is off the record ! '' 
 that reduced us all to speechlessness for a moment . 
 `` just what did you want us here for , dear ? '' 
 jane asked . 
 good question . 
 i took the plunge . 
 `` it 's probably one of us , right ? '' 
 i said nervously . 
 no one moved . 
 no one turned to look at the person beside him . 
 a presence in the room gathered power in that silence . 
 that presence was fear , of course . 
 we were all afraid , or getting there . 
 `` but it may be an enemy of someone here , '' said arthur finally . 
 `` so , who has enemies ? '' 
 i inquired . 
 `` i know that sounds naive , but for god 's sake , we have to think , or we 'll be mired in this until someone else dies . '' 
 `` i think you 're overstating this , '' said melanie . 
 she actually had a little social smile on her lips . 
 `` how , melanie ? '' 
 asked perry suddenly . 
 `` how could roe possibly be overstating this ? 
 we all know what 's happened . 
 we sure do n't have to be geniuses to figure out that mamie 's murder was meant to be like julia wallace 's . 
 one of us is nuts . 
 and we all know from reading so much about it , that a psychotic murderer can be as nice as pie on the outside and a screaming loony inside . 
 what about ted bundy ? '' 
 `` i just meant - '' melanie began uncertainly , `` i just meant that maybe , i do n't know , someone we do n't know is doing this , and it really is n't tied in to us at all . 
 maybe the presence of a group like ours sparked all this in someone 's mind . '' 
 `` maybe pigs can fly , '' muttered reynaldo , and gifford laughed . 
 it was n't a normal laugh , and the presence was bumping and flopping around the room like a blind thing , ready to grab the first person it lit on . 
 everyone was getting more and more nervous . 
 i had made a mistake , and we were accomplishing nothing . 
 `` if any one of you does have an enemy , someone who knows about your membership in real murders , someone who , maybe , has been reading your club handouts or reading your books , getting interested in what we study , now is the time for you to think of that person , '' i said . 
 `` if we ca n't come up with someone like that , then this is the last meeting of real murders . '' 
 this brought another silence , that of shocked realization . 
 `` of course , '' breathed jane engle . 
 `` this is the end of us . '' 
 `` it may be the end , literally , of more of us if we ca n't figure this out , '' sally said bluntly . 
 `` whoever this is , is going to go on . 
 can any of you see this stopping ? 
 it is n't in the picture . 
 someone 's having a great time , and i 'd put my money on it being someone in this room . '' 
 `` i for one have better things to do than sit in a room with all these accusations going around , '' benjamin said . 
 `` i 'm in politics now , and i would have quit real murders anyway . 
 do n't anyone come trying to kill me , that 's all , because i 'll be waiting for him . '' 
 he left amid uneasy whispering , and before he was quite out my back door , gifford said audibly , `` benjamin is n't worth killing . 
 what an ass ** le . '' 
 we were all feeling some permutation on that theme , i imagine . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said to everyone . 
 `` i thought i could accomplish something . 
 i thought if we were all together , we could remember something that would help solve this horrible murder . '' 
 everyone began to shift slightly , preparing to gather up whatever or whoever they 'd come with . 
 john queensland exhibited an unexpected sense of drama . 
 `` the last meeting of real murders is now adjourned , '' he said formally . 
 chapter 9 i looked wonderful . 
 arnina 's mom had nodded thoughtfully when i told her i needed something new to wear to lunch in the city , and it had to be something i could wear to work too . 
 arnina had n't told me to add that , but amina was n't paying the bill . 
 mrs. day flicked the laden hangers with a professional hand . 
 she glanced from blouses to me with narrowed eyes , while i tried not to look as silly -lrb- or as hopeful -rrb- as i felt . 
 she extracted an ivory blouse with dark green vines twining up it , and a dark green bow -lrb- `` at your age , honey , you do n't need a bright one , too young '' -rrb- that nestled in the wild waves of my hair with definite femininity . 
 i got khaki-colored pants with a wide belt and extravagant pleats , and shoes too . 
 i slipped them on to wear away from the store . 
 mrs. day clucked over my lipstick -lrb- not dark enough -rrb- , but i stuck by my guns . 
 i hated dark lipstick . 
 this was not a showy outfit , but it was a definite change for me . 
 i felt great , and as i drove the mile out of town that got me to the interstate circling the city , i felt quite confident robin would be impressed . 
 i felt less certain when i peeked through the one glass pane in the classroom door . 
 as amina had predicted , there were lots of cute college `` chickies '' in robin 's creative writing workshop . 
 i was willing to bet seven out of nine wrote poetry that dealt with world hunger and bitter endings to relationships . 
 at least five were n't wearing bras . 
 the four men in the workshop were of the serious and scraggly variety . 
 they probably wrote existential plays . 
 or poetry about bitter endings to relationships . 
 when the rest rose to leave , two of the cute chickies lingered to fascinate robin . 
 i was smiling , thinking of amina as i went into the classroom . 
 robin naturally thought the grin was for him . 
 he beamed back . 
 `` glad you found the room okay , '' he said , and the young women - i reminded myself they were not girls - turned to stare at me . 
 `` lisa , kimberly , this is aurora tea-garden . '' 
 oh , i had n't seen that one coming . 
 robin and his good manners . 
 the brunette looked incredulous , and the streaky blond sniggered before she could stop herself . 
 `` are you ready for lunch ? '' 
 robin asked , and their faces straightened in a jiffy . 
 thanks , robin . 
 `` yes , let 's go , '' i said clearly , smiling all the while . 
 `` sure . 
 well , i 'll see you in class wednesday , '' he told lisa and kimberly . 
 they sauntered out with their armfuls of books , and robin tossed a couple of anthologies into his briefcase . 
 `` let me just stow this in my office , '' he said . 
 his office was right across the hall , and was full of books and papers , but not his , robin explained . 
 `` james artis was supposed to teach three writers ' workshops and one class on the history of the mystery novel . 
 but when he had a heart attack , he recommended me . '' 
 `` why 'd you take it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 we strolled across campus companionably , heading for a salad and sandwich restaurant just down the street . 
 `` i needed a change , '' he said . 
 `` i was tired of being shut up in a room writing all day . 
 i 'd written three books in a row with little or no break in between , i had no exciting ideas for my next book , and teaching just sounded interesting . 
 james recommended lawrenceton as a place where i would n't have to go broke paying rent , and after i 'd been staying in a vacant visitor 's room in one of the men 's dorms for a couple of weeks , i was grateful to find the townhouse . '' 
 `` are you planning on staying for any length of time ? '' 
 i asked delicately . 
 `` that depends on the success of the workshops and the class , '' he said , `` and james 's health . 
 even if i leave the university , i might stay in the area . 
 so far i like it here just as well as the place i was living before . 
 i do n't really have ties anywhere anymore . 
 my parents have retired to florida , so i do n't have a reason to go back to my home town ... st. louis , '' he said in answer to my unspoken question . 
 he held open the door to the restaurant . 
 it was a ferny place , with waiters and waitresses in matching aprons and blue jeans . 
 our waiter 's name was don , and he was happy to serve us today . 
 a local `` mellow '' rock listening station was being piped in for all us old rockers , who ranged in age from twenty-eight to forty-two . 
 as we were looking at the menus , i decided to start lusting , as per amina 's instructions . 
 while we ordered , i seemed to get it misdirected , for don got pretty red in the face and kept trying to look down my blouse . 
 robin seemed to be receiving the brunt of it though . 
 he rather hesitantly -lrb- high noon , public place , had to teach a class that afternoon -rrb- took my hand across the table . 
 i never knew how to react to that . 
 my thoughts always ran , . 
 wow , he took my hand , does that mean he wants to go to bed with me , or date me more , or what ? 
 and i never knew where to look . 
 into his eyes ? 
 too challenging . 
 at his hand ? 
 pretty stupid . 
 and was i supposed to move my hand to clasp his ? 
 uncomfortable . 
 i never was much good at this . 
 our salads arrived , so we unhitched hands and picked up our forks with some relief . 
 i was wondering whether i should try to keep on lusting while i ate , when i realized james taylor had trailed to an end and the news was starting . 
 the name of my town always made me pay attention . 
 a neutral woman 's voice was saying , `` in other news , lawrenceton mayoral candidate morrison pettigrue was found slain today . 
 pettigrue , thirty-five , was campaigning as the candidate of the communist party . 
 his campaign manager , benjamin greer , found pettigrue dead of stab wounds in the bathtub of his lawrenceton home . 
 sheets of paper were floating in the water , but police would not say whether any of those sheets contained a suicide note . 
 police have no suspects in the slaying , and declined to speculate on whether the killing was , as greer claims , a political assassination . '' 
 our forks poised in mid-air , robin and i stared at each other like stricken loonies , and not in lust either . 
 `` in the tub , '' robin said . 
 `` with a knife . 
 and the paper clinches it . '' 
 `` marat , '' we said in unison . 
 `` poor benjamin , '' i said on my own . 
 he 'd rejected us , launched on his own new direction , and gotten kicked in the nuts . 
 `` smith would recognize it , right ? '' 
 robin asked me after some fruitless speculation on our part . 
 `` i think so , '' i said confidently . 
 `` arthur 's smart and well-read . '' 
 `` did you ever find out if the chocolates fit a pattern ? '' 
 `` it rang a bell with jane engle , '' i told him , and then had to explain who she was and why her memory was reliable . 
 he 'd only met the members of real murders once . 
 `` she 's looking for the right case . '' 
 `` do you think she 'll know by tomorrow night ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` well , i may see her today . 
 maybe she will have found something by then . '' 
 `` is there a nice restaurant in lawrenceton ? '' 
 `` well , there 's the carriage house . '' 
 it was a real carriage house , and required a reservation ; the only place in lawrenceton that had the pretensions to do so . 
 i offered the names of a few more places , but the carriage house had struck his fancy . 
 `` this lunch is a washout , we have n't eaten half our salad , '' he pointed out . 
 `` let me take you out tomorrow night , and we 'll have time to talk and eat . '' 
 `` why , thanks . 
 okay . 
 the carriage house is a dressy place , '' i added , and wondered if the hint offended him . 
 `` thanks for warning me , '' robin said to my relief . 
 `` i 'll walk you back to your car . '' 
 when i glanced at my watch , i saw he was right . 
 all this walking , lusting , and speculation had used up as much time as i had , and i 'd just make it to work on time . 
 `` if you do n't mind making our reservation , i 'll pick you up tomorrow at 7:00 , '' robin said as we reached my car . 
 well , we had another date , though i did n't think it was strictly a social date . 
 robin had a professional interest in these murders , i figured , and i was the local who could interpret the scene for him . 
 but he gave me a peck on the cheek as i eased into my car , and i drove back to lawrenceton singing james taylor . 
 that was much nicer than picturing dark , scowling , acne-scarred morrison pettigrue turning the bath water scarlet with his blood . 
 chapter 10 `` cordelia botkin , 1898 , '' jane hissed triumphantly . 
 she 'd come up behind me as i was reshelving books that had been checked in . 
 i was at the end of a stack close to the wall , about to wheel my cart around the end and onto the next row . 
 i drew in a breath down low in my chest , shut my eyes , and prayed to forgive her . 
 tuesday morning had been going so well . 
 `` roe , i 'm so sorry ! 
 i thought you must have heard me coming . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i tried not to lean on the cart so obviously . 
 `` cordelia who ? '' 
 i finally managed to say . 
 `` botkin . 
 it 's close enough . 
 it does n't actually fit , but it 's close enough . 
 this was so sloppy that i think it was an afterthought , or maybe this was even supposed to come off before mamie wright was killed . '' 
 `` you 're probably right , jane . 
 the box of candy took six days to get here , and it was mailed from the city , so whoever sent it probably thought i 'd get it in two or three days . '' 
 i glanced around to see if anyone was in earshot . 
 lillian schmidt , another librarian , was shelving books a few stacks away , but she was n't actually within hearing distance . 
 `` how does it fit , jane ? '' 
 jane flipped open the notebook she always seemed to have with her . 
 `` cordelia botkin lived in san francisco . 
 she became the mistress of the associated press bureau chief , john dunning . 
 he 'd left a wife back in ... '' jane scanned her notes , '' ... dover , delaware . 
 botkin mailed the wife several anonymous letters first , did your mother get any ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 with a very stiff upper lip , mother had told lynn liggett something she 'd never thought significant enough to tell me : she 'd gotten an incomprehensible and largely nasty anonymous letter in the mail a few days before the candy came . 
 she 'd thought the incident so ugly and meaningless that she had n't wanted to `` upset '' me with it . 
 she had thrown it away , of course , but it had been typed . 
 i was willing to bet it had been typed on the same machine that had typed the mailing label on the package . 
 `` anyway , '' jane continued after checking her notes , `` cordelia finally decided dunning was going back to his wife , so she poisoned some bonbons and mailed them to dunning 's wife . 
 the wife and a friend of hers died . '' 
 `` died , '' i said slowly . 
 jane nodded , tactfully keeping her eyes on her notes . 
 `` your father is still in newspapers , is n't he , roe ? '' 
 `` yes , he 's not a reporter , but he 's head of the advertising department . '' 
 `` and he 's living with his new wife , which could be said to represent ` another woman ' . '' 
 `` well , yes . '' 
 `` so obviously the murderer saw the outline was roughly the same and seized the opportunity . '' 
 `` did you tell arthur smith about this ? '' 
 `` i thought i had better , '' jane said , with a wise nod of her head . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` he wanted to know which book i 'd gotten my information from , wrote that down , thanked me , looked harassed , and told me goodbye . 
 i got the impression he 's having trouble convincing his superiors about the significance of these murders . 
 what was in the candy , do you know yet ? '' 
 `` no , they took the box to the state lab for analysis . 
 arthur warned us that some of the tests take quite a while . '' 
 lillian was moving closer and looking curious , a chronic state with lillian . 
 but all my co-workers were regarding me with more than normal interest . 
 a quiet librarian finds a body at the meeting of a pretty odd club on friday night , gets a box of doctored chocolates in the mail on saturday , turns up dressed in all-new and uncharacteristic clothes on monday , has a whispered conference with an excited woman on tuesday . 
 `` i 'd better go . 
 i 'm disturbing you at work , '' jane whispered . 
 she knew lillian quite well . 
 `` but i was so excited when i tracked down the pattern , i just had to run down here and tell you . 
 of course , the communist man 's murder was patterned after the marat assassination . 
 poor benjamin greer ! 
 he found the body , the newscast said . '' 
 `` jane , i appreciate your researching this for me , '' i hissed back . 
 `` i 'll take you out to lunch next week to thank you . '' 
 the last thing i wanted to talk about was morrison pettigrue 's murder . 
 `` oh , my goodness , that 's not necessary . 
 you gave me something to do for a while . 
 substituting at the school and filling in here are interesting , but nothing has been as much fun in a long time as tracking down the right murder . 
 however , i suspect i will have to get a new hobby . 
 all these deaths , all this fear . 
 this is getting too close to the bone for me . '' 
 and jane sighed , though whether over the deaths of mamie wright and morrison pettigrue , or because she had to find a new hobby , i could not tell . 
 i was on the second floor of the library , which is a large gallery running around three walls and overlooking the ground floor , where the children 's books , periodicals , and circulation desk are located . 
 i was watching jane stride out the front door and thinking about cordelia botkin when i recognized someone else who was exiting . 
 it was detective lynn liggett . 
 the library director , sam derrick , seemed to be walking her to the door . 
 this struck me unpleasantly . 
 i could only suppose that lynn liggett had been at the library asking questions about me . 
 maybe she had wanted to know my work hours ? 
 more about my character ? 
 how long i had been at work that day ? 
 filled with uneasy speculation , i rounded the corner of the next stack . 
 i began shelving books automatically , still brooding over detective liggett 's visit to the library . 
 there was nothing bad sam clerrick could tell her about me , i reasoned . 
 i was a conscientious employee . 
 i was always on time , and i almost never got sick . 
 i had never yelled at a member of the public , no matter how i 'd been tempted - especially by parents who dumped their children at the library in the summer with instructions to amuse themselves for a couple of hours while mommy and daddy went shopping . 
 so why was i worried ? 
 i lectured myself . 
 i was just seeing the down side of being involved in a criminal investigation . 
 it was practically my civic duty not to mind being the object of police scrutiny . 
 i wondered if i could reasonably be considered a suspect in mamie 's murder . 
 i could have done it , of course . 
 i 'd been home unobserved for at least an hour or more before i left for the meeting . 
 maybe one of the other tenants could vouch for my car being in its accustomed place , though that would n't be conclusive proof . 
 and i supposed if i could have found a place that sold mrs. see 's , i could have mailed myself the candy . 
 i could have typed the label on one of the library typewriters . 
 maybe detective liggett had been getting typing samples from all the machines ! 
 though if the samples did match the label , it would n't be proof that i typed it myself . 
 and if the sample did n't match , i could have used another machine - maybe one in my mother 's office ? 
 now the murder of morrison pettigrue was another kettle of fish entirely . 
 i had never met mr. pettigrue , and now never would . 
 i had n't known where he lived until one of the other librarians had told me , but i could n't prove either of those things , now that i came to think about it . 
 ignorance is hard to prove . 
 besides , if he 'd been killed late sunday night after the abortive last meeting of real murders , i had no alibi at all . 
 i 'd been home alone feeling sorry for myself . 
 however , if by some miracle the killing could be proved to have occurred during the hour we were all together , we 'd all be cleared ! 
 that would be too good to be true . 
 i was so busy trying to imagine all the pros and cons of arresting me that i bumped into sally allison , literally . 
 she was looking at the books on needlework , of which the library had scores , lawrenceton being a hell of a town for needlework . 
 i murmured an apology . 
 sally murmured back , `` do n't think about it , '' but then she stayed glued to her spot , her eyes all too pointedly on the titles in front of her . 
 the past couple of months , sally had been a frequent patron of the library , even during what i supposed were her working hours . 
 i did n't think she came to check out books , though she did leave with some every time . 
 i was convinced she was checking on perry . 
 i was n't surprised after what amina had told me . 
 sometimes sally did n't even speak to her son , i 'd noticed , but eyed him from a distance , as if watching for some sign of trouble . 
 `` how 's your mother , roe ? '' 
 sally asked . 
 `` just fine , thank you . '' 
 `` gotten over your scare about the candy ? 
 i did n't get to ask you last night . '' 
 sally had called both mother and me for an interview when she 'd read the police blotter after the candy incident . 
 mother and i separately had been as brief as was congruent with courtesy , we discovered later when we compared notes . 
 i thought my name had been in the paper enough recently , and mother thought the whole incident too sordid to discuss . 
 -lrb- mother also , in her career-woman mode , thought an attempted poisoning would be bad for business . -rrb- 
 `` sally , i was n't scared , because i did n't know then and i do n't know now that someone was actually trying to hurt me or my mother . 
 i 'm going to say frankly , sally , that you 're my friend and you 're a reporter , and i 'm not sure recently just who i 'm talking to . '' 
 sally turned to face me . 
 she was not angry , but she was determined . 
 `` being a reporter on a small newspaper does n't mean i 'm not a real reporter , roe . 
 you 're a teagarden , so what happens to you is doubly news . 
 your mother is a very prominent woman in this town , and your father is a well-known man . 
 the owner of our newspaper will not keep this police gag order agreement much longer . 
 does that answer your question ? 
 lillian 's coming . 
 have you read this book on bargello ? '' 
 i blinked and recovered . 
 `` now , sally , i ca n't sew on a button . 
 you 'd have to ask mother if you want to know about needlework . 
 or lillian , '' i added brilliantly , as my co-worker wheeled her own cart past the other end of the stack . 
 lillian , whose ears are as fine-tuned as a bat 's , heard her own name and turned in , and right away she and sally were embroiled in an incomprehensible conversation about french knots and candlewicking . 
 a little sadly , i returned to my shelving . 
 when i was no longer news , i wondered whether sally would decide she was just a friend again . 
 when i looked at my watch and discovered it was four o'clock and i was due to get off at six , i realized i 'd better think about what i was going to wear to the carriage house with robin . 
 he had mentioned picking me up at seven , which gave me a scant hour to get home , shower , redo my makeup , and dress . 
 reservations had been no problem ; tuesday was not a heavy night at the carriage house , and i 'd told them 7:15 . 
 now i had to decide what to wear . 
 my dark blue silk was back from the cleaner 's . 
 had i ever taken the matching sandals to be repaired after i 'd noticed the strap coming loose ? 
 desperately i wished i had bought the black heels i 'd seen at amina 's mom 's shop that morning . 
 they 'd had bows on the back of the heel , and i 'd thought they were ravishing . 
 would i have time to run by and get them ? 
 gradually i became aware that someone was humming on the other side of my stack with a droning , bee-like monotony . 
 it could only be lillian . 
 sure enough , when i pulled out a veterinarian 's `` humorous look at life with animals in and out of the house '' which had been thrown in with the 364 's , lillian 's round face was visible through the gap . 
 `` i think we should be earning more money , '' lillian said sulkily , `` and i think we should be asked before being scheduled to work nights , and i think they should never have hired that new head librarian . '' 
 `` sam clerrick ? 
 nights ? '' 
 i said foolishly , not knowing where to begin with my questions . 
 lillian had been a big sam clerrick fan before this moment , to the best of my knowledge . 
 mr. clerrick seemed intelligent and tough to me , but i was reserving judgment on his ability to manage people . 
 `` oh , you have n't heard , '' lillian said with pleasure . 
 `` what with all the excitement in your life lately , i guess you have n't had too much time to pay attention to ordinary everyday stuff . '' 
 i rolled my eyes to the ceiling . 
 `` lillian , what ? '' 
 lillian wriggled her heavy shoulders in anticipation . 
 `` you know , the board of trustees met two nights ago ? 
 of course , sam clerrick was there , and he told them that in his view staying open at night had n't been tried sufficiently four years ago , when it was such a flop - you remember ? 
 he wants to reinstate it for a time , with the present staff . 
 so instead of being open one night a week we 'll be open three , for a four-month trial . '' 
 four years ago lawrenceton had been a smaller town , and remaining open more than one night a week past six o'clock had only resulted in a higher electric bill and some bored librarians . 
 our one late night was a token bow to people who worked odd hours and could n't get to the library any other time . 
 business had been picking up on that night , i thought fairly , and in view of lawrenceton 's recent population boom , another try at night opening was reasonable . 
 still , i felt mildly perturbed at the change in my schedule . 
 on the other hand , it was hard to regard my job as the most important thing in my life lately . 
 `` how 's he going to do it without increasing staff ? '' 
 i asked without much interest . 
 `` instead of being on two librarians at a time , we 'll be on in teams of librarian and volunteer on an open night . '' 
 the volunteers were a mixed bunch . 
 mostly they tended to be older men and middle-aged to elderly women who really enjoyed books and felt at home in a library . 
 once they 'd been trained , they were a godsend , excepting the very small percentage who 'd taken the job to see their friends and gossip . 
 that small percentage soon got bored and quit the program , anyway . 
 `` i 'm game , '' i told lillian . 
 `` we 're going to find out more about it officially today , '' lillian went on , looking disappointed at my mild reaction . 
 `` there 's a staff meeting at 5:30 , so perry allison 's going to relieve you at the circulation desk . 
 hey , '' and lillian looked at her watch obviously , `` is n't it time for you to get down there now ? '' 
 `` yes , lillian , i see that it is , '' i said with elaborate patience , `` and i am going . '' 
 we took turns on circulation as we did on almost every job , since the staff was too small for much specialization but definitely full of individuals who did n't hesitate to make their preferences known . 
 i was darned if i was going to scurry downstairs because lillian had looked at her watch , so i continued , `` i 'm willing to give night hours another shot . 
 more time off during the day might be nice , too . '' 
 since my night social calendar is not exactly crowded , but i did n't feel it necessary to share that thought with lillian . 
 i was relieved that the meeting was n't going to be after the official library closing at 6:00 . 
 i suddenly recalled for sure that the sandals that went with the blue silk dress had a broken strap . 
 `` crumbs , '' i muttered , shelving the last book on my cart with such force that one on the opposite side shot out and landed on the floor . 
 `` my goodness , '' said lillian triumphantly as she bent to retrieve it . 
 `` what 's put us in such a snit , huh ? '' 
 i said something besides `` crumbs , '' but i only moved my lips . 
 i usually enjoyed my tour in circulation . 
 i got to stand at the big desk to one side of the main entrance . 
 i answered questions and accepted the books , taking the fines if the books were overdue , sliding their cards back in and putting them on book carts for transportation back to their shelves . 
 or i checked the books out . 
 if there was a lot of traffic , i got a helper . 
 today was a slow day , which was good since my mind would n't stay on my work but meandered down its own path . 
 how close my mother had come to eating a piece of that candy . 
 how mamie 's head had looked from the back . 
 how glad i was i had n't seen the front . 
 whether the importance of being the finder of the body had given benjamin a new lease on life after the death of his political ambitions . 
 how pleased i was about going out with robin that night . 
 how exciting i found arthur smith 's blue eyes . 
 i yanked my thoughts away from this half-pleasant half-frightening stream of thought to exchange desultory conversation with the volunteer sitting with me at the checkout desk : lizanne buckley 's father arnie , a 66-year-old white-haired retiree with a mind like a steel trap . 
 once mr. buckley grew interested in a subject , he read everything he could find about it , and he forgot precious little of what he read . 
 when he was through with that subject , he was through for good , but he remained a semi-authority on it . 
 mr. buckley confessed on this warmish sleepy afternoon that he was beginning to find it difficult to find a new subject to research . 
 i asked him how he 'd found them before , and he said it had always happened naturally . 
 `` for example , i see a bee on my roses . 
 i say to myself , gee ! 
 is n't that bee smaller than the one over on that rose ? 
 are they the same kind of bee ? 
 does this kind only get pollen from roses ? 
 why are n't there more roses growing wild if bees carry rose pollen all over ? 
 so i read up on bees , and maybe roses . 
 but lately , i do n't know , nothing seems to jump out and grab me . '' 
 i sympathized and suggested now that warmer weather would permit him to take more walks , a new subject would present itself . 
 `` in view of what 's been happening in this town recently , '' mr. buckley commented , `` i thought it might be interesting to research murderers . '' 
 i looked at him sharply , but he was n't trying to hint about the involvement of real murders members in the series of crimes . 
 `` why do n't you do that ? '' 
 i asked after a minute . 
 `` the books are all checked out , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` almost all the nonfiction books about murder and murderers are out , '' he elaborated patiently . 
 that was n't so startling , once i had time to mull it over . 
 all the members of real murders - all the former members of real murders - were undoubtedly boning up and preparing themselves however they could for what might happen . 
 but someone might be boning up to make the happening occur . 
 that was sickening . 
 i looked it in the face for a second , then had to turn away . 
 i could not visualize , did not dare to visualize , someone i knew poring over books , trying to select what old murder to imitate next , what terrible act to re-create on the body of someone he knew . 
 perry came to the desk to relieve me so i could attend the meeting , which seemed so irrelevant i almost picked up my sweater and walked out the front door instead . 
 i had a date tonight , too . 
 suddenly my pleasure in that date was ashes in my mouth . 
 at least part of my bleak mood could be written up to perry ; he was definitely in the throes of one of his downswings . 
 his lips were set in a sullen line , the parentheses from nose to mouth deeper . 
 i felt sorry for perry suddenly , and said , `` hi , see you later , '' as warmly as i could as i passed him on my way to the conference room . 
 i regretted the warmth as he smiled in return . 
 i wished he had stayed sullen . 
 his smile was as vicious and meaningless as a shark 's . 
 i could imagine perry as the victorian poseur neal cream , giving prostitutes poison pills and then hanging around , hoping to watch them swallow . 
 `` go along to the meeting now , '' he said nastily . 
 i gladly left as arnie buckley began the uphill battle of making conversation with perry . 
 with no enthusiasm at all , i slumped in a dreadful metal chair in the library conference room and heard the news that was already stale . 
 mr. derrick , with his usual efficiency and lack of knowledge of the human race , had already prepared the new duty charts and he distributed them on the spot , instead of giving everyone the chance to digest and discuss the new schedule . 
 i was down for thursday night from six to nine , with mr. buckley penciled in tentatively as my volunteer ; the volunteers had n't yet been asked individually if they were willing to work nights , though the volunteer president had agreed in principle . 
 mr. derrick was going to put an advertisement in the newspaper telling our patrons the exciting news . 
 -lrb- he actually said that . -rrb- 
 `` going out with our new resident writer tonight ? '' 
 perry inquired smoothly when i returned to the check-in desk . 
 he took me by surprise ; my mind had been firmly on work , for once . 
 `` yes , '' i said bluntly , without thought . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i 'd let my distaste show ; a mistake . 
 i should have kept the surface of things amiable . 
 `` oh , no reason , '' perry said airily , but he began to smile , a smile so false and disagreeable that for the first time i felt a little afraid . 
 `` i 'll take the desk now , '' i said . 
 `` you can go back to your work . '' 
 i did n't smile and my voice was flat ; it was too late now to patch it up . 
 for an awful minute i did n't think he 'd go , that the terrible gloom in perry 's head made him utterly reckless of keeping the surface of his life sewn together . 
 `` see you later , '' perry said , with no smile at all . 
 i watched him go with goosebumps on my arms . 
 `` did he say something nasty to you , roe ? '' 
 asked mr. buckley . 
 he looked as pugnacious as a tiny old man with white hair can look . 
 `` not really . 
 it 's the way he said it , '' i answered , wanting to be truthful but not wanting to upset lizanne 's father . 
 `` that boy 's got snakes in his head , `` mr. buckley pronounced . 
 `` i think you must be right . 
 now about this new schedule ... '' we were soon busy again , and the surface of things was restored ; but i thought perry allison did indeed have snakes in his head , and that his mother 's frequent calls at the library were monitoring visits . 
 sally allison was aware of the snakes , frightened they might slither through the widening holes in perry 's mental state . 
 mr. buckley and i were kept busy until closing time , with a spate of `` patrons '' of all ages , coming in to do schoolwork , returning books after they 'd left work . 
 being busy made me feel more like myself again , more like there was a point to what i was doing . 
 arthur smith was waiting by my car . 
 i was so intent on getting home to get ready , and was so short on time , that i was more miffed than glad to see him at first . 
 `` i hated to interrupt you at work unless i had to , '' he said in his serious way . 
 `` it 's all right , arthur . 
 do you have any news for me ? '' 
 i thought perhaps the lab had analyzed whatever was in the chocolates . 
 `` no , the lab work has n't come back yet . 
 do you have any time ? '' 
 `` um ... well , a few minutes . '' 
 to my pleasure , he did n't look surprised at my lack of time . 
 `` well , come sit in my car , or walk with me down the block . '' 
 i elected to walk , not wanting lillian schmidt to see me in a car with a man in the parking lot , for some reason . 
 so we strolled down the sidewalk in the cooling of the evening . 
 i ca n't keep up with some men since my legs are so short that they have to slow considerably but arthur seemed to adapt well . 
 `` what did you expect of that meeting sunday night ? '' 
 he asked abruptly . 
 `` i do n't know what i expected . 
 a miracle . 
 i wanted someone to have an idea that would make the whole nightmare go away . 
 instead , someone went out and killed morrison pettigrue . 
 my meeting really worked , huh ? '' 
 `` that death was planned before the meeting . 
 what bites me is that i sat there in the same room with whoever killed that man , hours before he did it , and i did n't feel a thing . 
 even knowing a murderer was in that room . . . 
 `` he stopped , shook his head violently , and kept walking . 
 `` do the other police believe what you do , that one person is doing all this ? '' 
 `` i 'm having a hard time convincing some of the other detectives about the similarities of these two cases to old murders . 
 and since the pettigrue murder , they 're even less inclined to listen , even though when i saw the scene i told them myself it was like the assassination of jean-paul marat . 
 they almost laughed . 
 there are so many right-wing loonies who might want kill an avowed communist , only one or two of the other detectives are willing to accept that all these incidents are related . '' 
 `` i saw lynn liggett at the library today . 
 i guess she was checking up on me . '' 
 `` we 're checking up on anyone remotely involved , '' arthur said flatly . 
 `` liggett 's just doing her job . 
 i 'm supposed to find out where you were sunday night . '' 
 `` after the meeting ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` at home . 
 in bed . 
 alone . 
 you know i did n't have anything to do with mamie 's death , or the chocolates , or morrison pettigrue 's murder . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i saw you when you found mrs. wright 's body . '' 
 i felt a ridiculous flood of warmth and gratitude at being believed . 
 it was already late , and i did have to get ready , so i ventured , `` is there anything else you wanted to see me about ? '' 
 `` i 'm a divorced man without any children , '' arthur said abruptly . 
 taken aback , i nodded . 
 i tried to look intelligently inquiring . 
 `` one of the reasons i got divorced ... my wife could n't stand the fact that in police work , sometimes things came up and i could n't make it on time for something we 'd planned . 
 even in lawrenceton , which is not new york or even atlanta , right ? '' 
 he paused for a response , so i said , `` right , '' uncertainly . 
 `` so , i want to go out with you . '' 
 those hard blue eyes turned on me with devastating effect . 
 `` but things will come up , and sometimes you 'll be disappointed . 
 you 'd have to understand beforehand , if you want to go out with me too . 
 i do n't know if you do , but i wanted to get this all out front . '' 
 i thought : -lrb- a -rrb- this was admirably frank , -lrb- b -rrb- did this guy have an ego , or what ? 
 , andcopy ; since he had said , `` i do n't know if you do , '' there was hope for him , though it had probably been just a sop thrown in my direction , and -lrb- d -rrb- i did want to go out with him , but not from a position of weakness . 
 arthur was a strength-respecter . 
 if took me a few moments to work this through . 
 a few days before , i would have said , `` okay , '' meekly , but since then i had weathered a few storms and it seemed to me i could manage better for myself . 
 i watched my feet pacing along the sidewalk as i said , `` if you 're saying you want to go out with me , but that anything you 're doing is more important than plans we might make , i ca n't agree to abide by such a lopsided - understanding . '' 
 i watched my feet move steadily . 
 arthur 's shoes were shiny and black and would last maybe twenty years . 
 `` now , if you 're saying the police department has priority in a crisis , i can see that . 
 if you 're not just providing a blanket excuse in advance to cover any time you just might feel like not showing up . '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 so far those shoes had not marched off in another direction . 
 `` okay . 
 also , this is sounding very - exclusive , since we have n't even been out yet . 
 i would like to handle this one date at a time . '' 
 i 'd underestimated arthur . 
 `` i must have sounded too egotistical to swallow , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 will you go out with me one time ? '' 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 then i did n't know what to do . 
 i looked sideways at him and he was smiling . 
 `` what did i say ` okay ' to ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` unless i get assigned something i have to do , you have to remember this department is in the middle of a murder investigation ... '' as if i was going to forget ! '' 
 ... saturday night ? 
 i 've got a popcorn popper and a vcr . '' 
 no first dates at a man 's apartment . 
 by god , he could take me out someplace the first time . 
 i did n't feel like wrestling right away . 
 my experience was limited , but i knew that much . 
 besides , with arthur i might not wrestle , and i did n't want to start a relationship that way . 
 `` i want to go roller skating , '' i said out of the blue . 
 arthur could n't have looked more stunned if i 'd told him i wanted to jump off the library roof . 
 why had i said that ? 
 i had n't gone skating in years . 
 i 'd be black and blue and make a klutz of myself in the bargain . 
 but maybe he would too . 
 `` that 's original , '' arthur said slowly . 
 `` you really want to do that ? '' 
 stuck with it , i nodded grimly . 
 `` okay , '' he said firmly . 
 `` i 'll pick you up at six , saturday night . 
 if that 's all right . 
 then after we harm ourselves enough , we can go out to eat . 
 all this is assuming i can have an evening off in the middle of three investigations . 
 but maybe we 'll have it wrapped up by then . '' 
 `` fine , '' i said . 
 i could accept that . 
 we 'd circled the block , so we parted at our respective cars . 
 i watched arthur pull out of the parking lot , and saw he was shaking his head to himself . 
 i laughed out loud . 
 i hated being late and i was late for my date with robin . 
 i had to ask him to wait downstairs while i put on the finishing touches . 
 i 'd bought the shoes and i was enchanted with myself . 
 robin did n't seem surprised or put out at having to wait ; but i felt rude and at a disadvantage , as if i should have something better to show as the end result of all this preparation . 
 however , as i looked in my full-length mirror before going down , i saw i had n't turned out badly . 
 there had n't been time to put up my hair , so i wore it loose with the front held back with a cloisonne butterfly comb . 
 the blue silk dress was sober but at least did emphasize my visible assets . 
 i felt very unsure before i went down the stairs , very self-conscious when i saw robin look up . 
 but he seemed pleased , and said , `` i like your dress . '' 
 in his gray suit he did n't seem like the companionable person who 'd drunk my wine , or the college professor i 'd pelvically lusted after at the restaurant , but more like the fairly famous writer he really was . 
 we discussed the pettigrue murder at our table at the carriage house , where the hostess seemed to recognize robin 's name vaguely . 
 though maybe she was thinking of the book character . 
 she pronounced it `` cur-so '' and gave us a good table . 
 i asked him to tell me about his job at the university and how it would jibe with his writing time , both questions he seemed to have answered before . 
 i realized this man was used to being interviewed , used to being recognized . 
 i only felt better when i recalled that lizanne had `` bequeathed '' him to me , and right on the tail of that thought , lizanne 's parents , arnie and elsa , were seated at the table opposite ours . 
 the crandalls , who had the townhouse to the right of mine , sat down with them . 
 i had a social obligation here , so i identified them to robin and we went over to their table . 
 arnie buckley jumped right up , and pumped robin 's hand enthusiastically . 
 `` our lizanne told us all about you ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` we 're proud a famous writer like you has come to live in lawrenceton . 
 do you like it ? '' 
 mr. buckley had always been a chamber of commerce member and unashamed lawrenceton booster . 
 `` it 's an exciting place , '' said robin honestly . 
 `` well , well , you 'll have to come by the library . 
 not as sophisticated as what you 'll find in the city , but we like it ! 
 elsa and i are both volunteers . 
 got to give our time to something now that we 're retired ! '' 
 `` i mostly just help with the book sale , '' elsa said modestly . 
 elsa was lizanne 's stepmother , but she had been as pretty as lizanne 's mother must have been . 
 arnie buckley was a lucky man when it came to pretty women . 
 now gray-haired and wrinkled , elsa was still pleasant to look at and be with . 
 i had n't known the buckleys were friends of the crandalls , but i could see where the attraction would lie . 
 jed crandall , like mr. buckley , was no chair-bound retiree , but a pepper pot of a man , easily angered and easily appeased . 
 his wife had always been called teentsy , and was still , though now she certainly outweighed her husband by forty pounds or more . 
 teentsy and jed now said the proper things to robin about their being neighbors , asking him to drop in , teentsy saying since he was a poor bachelor -lrb- and here she shot me a sly look -rrb- he might run short of food sometime , and if he did , just to knock on their door , they had a-plenty , as he could look at her and tell ! 
 `` are you at all interested in guns ? '' 
 jed asked eagerly . 
 `` mr. jed has quite a collection , '' i told robin hastily , thinking he might need to be forewarned . 
 `` well , sometimes , from a professional standpoint . 
 i 'm a mystery writer , '' he explained when the crandalls looked blank , though the buckleys were nodding with vigor , bless their hearts . 
 `` come by then , do n't be a stranger ! '' 
 jed crandall urged . 
 `` thank you , nice meeting you , '' robin said to the table in general , and in a chorus of `` see you soon 's '' and `` nice to 've met you 's '' we retired to our table . 
 the meeting nudged robin 's voracious curiosity , and in telling him about the crandalls and the buckleys i began to feel more comfortable . 
 we talked about robin 's new job , and then our food came , and by the time we began eating , i was ready to talk about the murders . 
 `` jane engle came by the library today with a pretty solid theory , '' i began , and told robin about the likeness of `` our '' case to that of cordelia botkin . 
 he was intrigued . 
 `` i 've never heard of anything quite like this , '' he said after our salad had been served . 
 `` what a book this would make ! 
 maybe i 'll write about it myself , my first nonfiction book . '' 
 he had more distance from the case ; new in town , he did n't know the victims personally -lrb- unless you could term mother a victim -rrb- and probably he did n't know the perpetrator either . 
 i was surprised that the crimes were so exciting to him , until he said after he 'd swallowed a mouthful of tomato , `` you know , roe , writing about crime does n't mean you have direct experience . 
 this is the closest i 've ever come to a real murder . '' 
 i could have said the same thing as a reader . 
 i 'd been an avid fan of both real and fictional crime for years , but this was my closest brush with violent death . 
 `` i hope i never come any closer , '' i said abruptly . 
 he reached across the table and took my hand . 
 `` it does n't seem too likely , '' he said cautiously . 
 `` i know the poisoned candy - well , we do n't know yet if it was really poisoned or not , do we ? 
 that was scarey . 
 but it was impersonal , too , was n't it ? 
 your mother 's situation vaguely fit the botkin case , even if not as well as mamie wright fit julia wallace 's profile . 
 that was why she was picked . '' 
 `` but it was sent to my address , '' i said , suddenly letting a fear overwhelm me that i thought i 'd suppressed . 
 `` that was to involve me . 
 my mother fit the pattern ; though that would n't have been any consolation to me if she 'd died , '' i added sharply . 
 `` but sending it to my place . 
 that was a deliberate attempt to make me - die . 
 or at least a witness to my mother 's dying , or getting sick , depending on what was in the chocolates . 
 that does n't fit any pattern . 
 that 's about as personal as you can get . '' 
 `` what kind of person could do that ? '' 
 robin asked . 
 i met his eyes . 
 `` that 's the core , is n't it , '' i said . 
 `` that 's one reason we like old murders so much . 
 at a safe remove , we can think about the kind of person who can ` do that ' without remorse . 
 almost anyone could kill another person . 
 i guess i could , if it came to being cornered . 
 but i 'm sure , i have to be sure , that not many people could sit back and plan other people dying as part of a game the killer decided to play . 
 i have to believe that . '' 
 `` i do too , '' he said . 
 `` this really is someone who is n't acting for any of the famous motives tennyson jessie wrote about , '' i continued . 
 `` it must be someone acting out something he 's always wanted to do . 
 for some reason , now he 's able to actually do it . '' 
 `` a member of your club . '' 
 `` a former member , '' i said sadly , and told robin about the sunday night meeting . 
 we had to talk about something else ; did n't we have anything to discuss besides murders ? 
 robin , bless him , seemed to see i could n't take any more , and began telling me about his agent , and about the process of getting a book published . 
 he kept me laughing with anecdotes about book-signings he 'd endured and i responded with stories about people that came to the library and some of the wilder questions they 'd asked . 
 we actually had a cheerful evening , and we were still at our table when the crandalls and the buckleys paid their bill and left . 
 since the carriage house was at the south end of town , we had to pass in front of our townhouses to turn into the driveway on the side . 
 there was a man standing in front of the row of townhouses , on the sidewalk . 
 as we went by , he turned his white face to us and by the light of the streetlamp , i thought i recognized perry . 
 i was distracted though by the kiss robin gave me at my back door . 
 it was unexpected and delicious , and the disparity in our heights was overcome quite satisfactorily . 
 maybe his asking me out had n't been quite so impersonal as i 'd supposed ; his side of the kiss was delivered with great enthusiasm . 
 i went upstairs humming to myself and feeling very attractive ; and when i slipped into my dark bedroom and peered out the window , the street was empty . 
 that night it rained . 
 i was wakened by the drops pelting against my window . 
 i could see the lightning flicker through my curtains . 
 i crept downstairs and rechecked my locks . 
 i listened , and heard only the rain . 
 i looked out all the windows and saw only the rain . 
 by the streetlamp out front , i saw the water racing down the slight slope to the storm drain at the end of the block . 
 nothing else stirred . 
 chapter 11 getting up and going to work the next morning was n't too easy , but it was reassuring . 
 i caught myself humming in the shower and i put on more eye shadow than usual , but my denim skirt , striped blouse , and braided hair felt like a comforting uniform . 
 lillian and i were mending books in a windowless back room all morning . 
 we managed to get along by swapping recipes or discussing the academic prowess of lillian 's seven-year-old . 
 though my part of this discussion consisted only of saying `` oh , my goodness , '' or `` ooh , '' at the appropriate moments , that suited me . 
 i might have children myself one day - maybe stocky blond ones ? 
 or big-nosed giants with flaming hair ? 
 and i would certainly tell everyone i met how wonderful they were . 
 it was good to get up from the work table and stretch before going home for lunch . 
 i 'd been so slow getting up i 'd had a scanty breakfast , so i was pretty hungry and trying to visualize what was in my refrigerator as i twisted my key in the lock . 
 when a voice boomed out from behind me , i was n't frightened , just aggravated that i was n't going to get to eat . 
 `` roe ! 
 teentsy said you 'd be coming in about now ! 
 listen , we got a little problem in our place , '' old mr. crandall was saying . 
 i turned around , resigned to postponing food . 
 `` what 's the little problem , mr. crandall ? '' 
 mr. crandall was not eloquent about anything but guns , and finally i realized that if i was to understand the problem teentsy was having with the washer , i 'd better go along with him . 
 it was n't right to feel put-upon ; after all , this was my job . 
 but i had been looking forward to eating without lillian 's voice droning in my ears , and since it was wednesday , there should be a new time in my mailbox . 
 i sighed quietly , and trudged across the patio in mr. crandall 's wake . 
 the crandalls ' washer and dryer were in the basement , of course , as they were in all four units . 
 there was a straight flight of rather steep stairs down to the basement , open on one side except for a railing . 
 i clopped down the crandalls ' stairs , teentsy crandall right behind me telling me about the washer catastrophe in minute detail . 
 when i reached the bottom , i saw a spreading water stain . 
 with a sinking feeling of doom and dismay , i knew i 'd have to spend my lunch hour tracking down a plumber . 
 despite all the odds against it , i struck gold with my first phone call . 
 the crandalls watched admiringly as i talked ace plumbing into paying my tenants a call in the next hour . 
 since ace was one of the two plumbing firms my mother used for all her properties , perhaps it was n't totally amazing to find them willing ; but to actually get them to commit themselves to coming right away - now that was amazing ! 
 when i was off the phone and teentsy put a plate with country fried steak , potatoes , and green beans in front of me , i suddenly saw the bright side of being a resident manager . 
 `` oh , you do n't need to do that , '' i said weakly , and dug in . 
 calories and cholesterol did not factor in teentsy 's cooking , so her food was absolutely delicious with that added spice of guilt . 
 teentsy and jed crandall seemed delighted to have someone to talk to . 
 they were quite a pair , teentsy with her bountiful bosom and childish voice and gray curls , and jed with his hard-as-a-rock seamed face . 
 while i ate , teentsy frosted a cake and mr. crandall - i could n't bring myself to call him jed - talked about his farm , which he 'd sold the year before , and about how convenient it was for them to live in town where all their doctors and kinfolk and grandchildren were . 
 he sounded unconvinced though , and i could tell he was spoiling for something to do . 
 `` that sure was a nice young man we saw you with last night , '' teentsy said archly . 
 `` did you two have a good time ? '' 
 i was willing to bet teentsy knew exactly when robin had brought me home . 
 `` oh , yes , it was fine , '' i said in as noncommittal a voice as i could summon . 
 i glanced around their den and kitchen area . 
 mine was lined with books ; mr. crandall 's was lined with guns . 
 i knew next to nothing about firearms , and was fervently content to keep it that way , but even i could tell these guns were of all different ages and types . 
 i started wondering about their value , and from there it was a natural leap to being concerned about my mother 's insurance coverage of these units ; what would her responsibility be in case of theft , for example ? 
 though it would take a foolhardy burglar to attempt to take anything away from jed crandall . 
 thinking of hazards and security in general led my thoughts in another direction . 
 i looked at the crandalls ' back door . 
 sure enough , they 'd added two extra locks . 
 i laid down my fork . 
 `` mr. jed , i have to talk to you about those extra locks , '' i said gently . 
 yes , he had read his lease agreement carefully . 
 his tough old face went sheepish in an instant . 
 `` oh , jed , '' chided teentsy , `` i told you you needed to speak to roe about those locks . '' 
 `` well , roe , '' her husband said , `` you can see this gun collection needs more protection than that one lock on the back door . '' 
 `` i can appreciate how you feel , and i even agree , '' i said carefully , `` but you know that if you do put on extra locks , you must give me a key , and you have to leave the locks in and give me all the keys if you ever decide to move . 
 of course i hope you never will , but you do have to give me an extra set of keys now . '' 
 while mr. crandall grumbled on about a man 's home being his castle , and it going against the grain to give anyone else keys to that castle - even a nice gal like me - teentsy was on her feet and rummaging through a drawer in the kitchen . 
 she came up with a handful of keys immediately , and began sorting through them with a troubled look on her face . 
 `` now i 've been promising myself i 'd go through these and throw away the old ones we did n't need , and since we 're retired i should have all the time in the world , but still i have n't done it , '' she told me . 
 `` well , here are two that i 'm sure are the spares for these locks ... here , jed , try them and make sure . '' 
 while her husband tested the keys in the locks , she stirred the others around with a helpless finger . 
 `` this looks like the key to that old trunk ... i do n't know about this one ... you know , roe , now that i think about it , one of these keys is to that apartment next door that that mr. waites rents now . 
 i know you remember edith warnstein , she had it before him . 
 she gave us an extra key because she said she was always locking herself out and it was always when you were at work . '' 
 `` well , when you find it , just bring it over sometime , '' i said . 
 mr. crandall handed me his extra keys , which had proved to be the right ones , and i thanked teentsy for the delicious lunch , feeling even more guilty that they 'd fed me and then i 'd `` invaded their castle . '' 
 it was hell being conscientious , sometimes . 
 i felt much better when my departure coincided with the arrival of the plumber . 
 judging solely by his appearance - two-day beard stubble , bandanna over long ringlets of black hair , and day-glo overalls - i would n't have trusted him with my washer , but he hefted his tool bag in an authoritative way and actually wrote it down when i told him to bill my mother 's company for the repairs , so i left feeling i 'd performed a service . 
 i almost literally ran into bankston on my way out the crandalls ' patio gate . 
 he was hefting his golf bag , and looked shining clean , right out of the shower . 
 he 'd obviously been out at the country club having a few rounds . 
 he looked surprised to see me . 
 `` the crandalls having plumbing problems ? '' 
 he asked , nodding towards the plumber 's truck . 
 `` yes , '' i said distractedly , after glancing at my watch . 
 `` your washer and dryer okay ? '' 
 `` oh , sure . 
 listen , how are you doing after your troubles of the past few days ? '' 
 bankston was being nice and polite , but i did n't have the time or the inclination to chitchat . 
 `` pretty well , thanks . 
 i was glad to hear that you and melanie are getting married , '' i added , remembering that i did owe something to courtesy . 
 `` i did n't have the chance to say anything the other night when we met at my place . 
 congratulations . '' 
 `` thanks , roe , '' he said , in his deliberate way . 
 `` we were lucky to finally really get to know each other . '' 
 his clear eyes were glowing , and it was apparent to me that he returned melanie 's strong feeling . 
 i was a little envious , to tell the truth , and bitchily wondered what two such stolid people could have to `` really get to know . '' 
 i was also late . 
 `` congratulations , '' i repeated sunnily , and pretty much meant it . 
 `` i 've got to run . '' 
 i rabbited away to my place to put the keys to the crandalls ' apartment on my official key ring , and though i needed to hurry back to the library , i took an extra minute to label them . 
 i would 've been late anyway . 
 i drove north on parson road to get back to the library . 
 the buckleys ' house was along the way , to my left . 
 by sheer coincidence , out of all the people who could have been driving by when lizanne came out that front door , it was i. i just glanced to my left to admire the flowers in the buckleys ' front yard , and the front door opened , and a figure stumbled out . 
 i knew it was lizanne by the color of her hair and her figure and because her parents owned the house , but nothing about her posture and attitude was like lizanne . 
 she slumped on the front doorstep , clinging to the black iron railing that ran down the red-brick steps . 
 god forgive me , half of me wanted to continue on my route to the library and go back to work , in blessed ignorance ; but the half that said my friend needed help seemed to control the car . 
 i pulled in and crossed the street and then the lawn , dreading to reach lizanne and find out why her face was so contorted and why there were stains on her hose , especially at the knees ... she did n't know i was there . 
 her long fingers with their beautifully manicured nails were ripping at her skirt , and her breath tore in and out of her lungs with a horrible wheeze . 
 there were tear stains on her face , though no tears were coming now . 
 from her smell she had vomited recently . 
 the slow , sweet , casual beauty had vanished . 
 i put my arm around her and tried to forget the sour smell , but it made my own stomach begin to lurch uneasily . 
 the crandalls ' delicious lunch threatened to come right back up . 
 i shut my eyes for a second . 
 when i opened them she was looking at me and her fingers were clenched instead of restless . 
 `` they 're both dead , roe , '' she said clearly and terribly . 
 `` my mama and my daddy are both dead . 
 i knelt down to make sure , and i have my own daddy 's blood on my clothes . '' 
 then she fell silent and stared at her skirt , and knowing i was inadequate , could not rise to this ghastly situation , i let my thoughts trace what they were good at : the pattern , the terrible impersonal pattern that real people were being forced to fit . 
 this time it was lizanne plus dead stepmother and father plus broad daylight plus bloody demise . 
 i wondered where the hatchet was . 
 `` i just walked to the back door to eat lunch with them like i do every day , '' she said suddenly . 
 `` and when the door was locked , and they would n't answer , i unlocked the front here - this is the only key i have . 
 they were - there was blood on the walls . '' 
 `` the walls ? '' 
 i murmured stupidly , having no idea what i was going to say until it came out . 
 `` yes , '' she said seriously , asserting an incredible truth , `` the walls . 
 daddy is on the sofa in there , roe , the one where he sits to watch television , and he 's just all ... he 's ... and mama is upstairs in the guest bedroom on the floor by the bed . '' 
 i held her as tightly as i could and she bent and clung to me . 
 `` i should n't have had to see them like that , '' she whispered . 
 `` no . '' 
 then she lapsed into silence . 
 i had to call the police . 
 i stood up like an old woman , and i felt like one . 
 i turned to face the door lizanne had shut behind her , and reached out like someone in a dream and opened it . 
 there was blood everywhere , sprayed in trails across the wall . 
 lizanne was right ; blood on the walls . 
 and the ceilings . 
 and the television set . 
 arnie buckley was visible from the front door , which opened opposite the doorway into the den . 
 i supposed it was arnie . 
 it was the right size and was lying in arnie 's house , on his couch . 
 his face had been obliterated . 
 i wanted to scream until someone knocked me out with a good strong shot . 
 nothing would get me to set one foot further into this house . 
 more than i ever wanted anything , i wanted to walk back across the street , get in my car , and leave without looking back . 
 it seemed i was always opening doors to look at dead people , hacked people , beaten people . 
 i managed to shut this door , this white-painted suburban front door with the brass knocker , and as i plodded across the buckleys ' lawn to the nearest neighbors , i looked longingly at my chevette . 
 i could n't face calling myself , and i ca n't remember what i said to the lady next door . 
 i only know that i plodded back to sit by lizanne on the steps . 
 she spoke once , asking me in bewilderment why her folks had been killed . 
 i told her , honestly , that they 'd been killed by the same person who 'd killed mamie wright . 
 i hoped she would n't ask me why it had to be her parents . 
 her parents had been picked because she had been named elizabeth , because she was unmarried , because her `` mama '' was not really her mama by blood . 
 this was the pattern of lizanne 's life that loosely fit the fall river , massachusetts , murders ; the murders committed in 1893 in an ugly , inconvenient , atmospherically tense home in a middle-class neighborhood , almost certainly committed by mr. andrew borden 's younger daughter , lizzie . 
 but i do n't think lizanne ever heard anything i said , and that 's just as well . 
 i kept my arm around her so something human and warm would be there , and the smell continued to sicken me . 
 i continued to do it because it was all i could do . 
 jack burns got out of the squad car that pulled up on the lawn . 
 he actually had a doctor with him , a local surgeon , and i found out later that they 'd been having lunch together when the call came . 
 the doctor looked at lizanne , at me , and hesitated , but jack burns stepped around us and gestured his friend into the house . 
 the sergeant of detectives looked inside and then looked down at me with burning eyes . 
 i was not the object of this look , just in its path . 
 but it scorched me , the fury in those dark eyes . 
 `` do n't touch anything ! 
 be careful how you walk ! '' 
 he ordered the doctor . 
 `` well , of course , he 's dead , '' came the doctor 's voice . 
 `` if you just need me to pronounce him dead , i can sure do that . '' 
 `` any more ? '' 
 burns spat at me . 
 he could see lizanne would n't answer , i suppose . 
 `` she said her stepmother is dead , upstairs , '' i told him very quietly , though i do n't think lizanne would have heard me if i 'd screamed it . 
 `` upstairs , doc ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 the doctor probably trotted right up , but i would n't have gone with him if a gun had been at my head . 
 `` dead up here , too , '' he called down the stairs . 
 `` then get your ass out of there and let us go over this house , '' burns said violently . 
 the doctor trotted out the door and after thinking for a moment , simply walked down the street . 
 he was not about to ask jack burns for a ride back to the restaurant . 
 burns went inside but i could not hear him walking over the wooden floor . 
 he must be standing , looking . 
 at least he pushed the door partly closed behind him so there was something between me and the horror . 
 police cars were pulling up behind burns 's , the routine about to begin . 
 lynn liggett got out of the first one . 
 she immediately began giving orders to the uniformed men who spilled out of the next car . 
 `` how did you happen to be here ? '' 
 lynn asked without any preliminaries . 
 `` did you call an ambulance yet for lizanne ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i was beginning to shake off my lethargy , my odd dreaminess . 
 `` yes , there 's one on the way . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i was just driving to work . 
 she came out of the front door like this . 
 she spoke to me a little and then i opened the door and looked in . 
 i went next door to call the police . '' 
 lynn liggett pushed open the door and looked in . 
 i kept my eyes resolutely forward . 
 her fair skin took on a greenish tinge and her lips pressed together so hard they whitened . 
 the ambulance pulled up then , and i was glad to see it , because lizanne 's face was even waxier , and her hands were losing coordination . 
 her breathing seemed irregular and shallow . 
 she was leaning on me heavily by the time the stretcher came up to the front steps , and she did n't acknowledge the presence of the ambulance drivers . 
 they loaded her on the stretcher with quick efficiency . 
 i walked by her down to the street , holding her hand , but she did n't know i was there , and by the time the stretcher was pushed into the back of the ambulance she seemed unconscious . 
 i watched the orange and white ambulance pull away from the curb . 
 i did n't suppose i could leave . 
 i rested on the hood of lynn 's car for what seemed like a long time , staring aimlessly ahead and thinking of as little as possible . 
 then i became aware lynn liggett was beside me . 
 `` there 's no question of lizanne being blamed , is there ? '' 
 i asked finally . 
 i fully expected the detective to tell me to get lost and it was none of my business , but something had mellowed the woman since last i 'd seen her . 
 we had shared something terrible . 
 `` no , '' detective liggett said . 
 `` her neighbor says she heard lizanne hammer on the back door and then she saw her walk around to the front and unlock the house , something so unusual that the neighbor already considered calling the police . 
 it would take more than seven minutes to do that and clean up afterward . 
 and it 's fairly easy to see that her folks had already been dead about an hour by the time she got there . '' 
 `` mr. buckley was due to come in to work at the library today at 2:00 , and we were going to share night duty tomorrow night , '' i said . 
 `` yes , it 's written on the calendar in the kitchen in the house . '' 
 for some reason that gave me the cold shudders . 
 her job included looking at dead people 's calendars while they lay right there in their own blood . 
 appointments that would never be kept . 
 i revised my attitude about lynn liggett right then and there . 
 `` you know what this is just like . '' 
 `` the borden case . '' 
 i jerked my head around to look at her in surprise . 
 `` arthur 's inside , '' she explained . 
 `` he told me about it . '' 
 arthur came out of the house then , with that same whitey-green pinched look liggett had had . 
 he nodded at me , not questioning my presence . 
 `` john queensland - from real murders ? '' 
 i said . 
 arthur nodded . 
 `` well , he 's a borden expert . '' 
 `` i remembered . 
 i 'll get in touch with him this afternoon . '' 
 i thought about the sweet old couple i 'd seen having a good time at the restaurant the night before . 
 i thought about having to tell the crandalls their best friends had been hacked to death . 
 then i realized i should tell the detectives where i 'd seen the buckleys last night , in case for some reason it was important . 
 after i 'd explained to arthur and lynn , and lynn had written down the crandalls ' names and the time i 'd seen them the previous evening , i wanted to reach over to arthur , pat or hug him , establish warm living contact with him . 
 but i could n't . 
 `` it 's the worst thing i hope i ever see . 
 they really do n't look much like people anymore , '' arthur said suddenly . 
 he shoved his hands in his pockets . 
 it was up to his fellow detectives to help him over this one , i realized . 
 i was excluded from this bad moment , and truly , i was thankful . 
 i thought of a lot of things to say , but they were futile things . 
 it was time for me to go . 
 i got in my car and without considering what i was doing , i drove to work . 
 i went to tell mr. clerrick that our volunteer would n't be coming in that afternoon . 
 the rest of the afternoon just passed . 
 later , i could n't remember a single thing i 'd done after i returned to work . 
 i remembered i 'd felt good when i 'd gotten up that morning and i could n't believe it . 
 i just wanted one day with nothing happening , nothing bad , nothing good . 
 no excitement . 
 just a nice dull day like i 'd had almost every day until recently . 
 close to closing time , i saw one of the detectives whom i did n't know personally coming into the library . 
 he went to sam clerrick 's office on the ground floor , emerged in a matter of moments , and made a beeline to lillian as she stood behind the circulation desk . 
 the detective asked lillian a couple of questions , and she answered eagerly . 
 he wrote a few things down on his notepad , and left with a nod to her . 
 lillian looked up to the second floor where i was again shelving books , and our eyes met . 
 she looked excited , and more than that , turning quickly away . 
 soon when another librarian was in earshot , lillian called her over . 
 their heads tilted close together , and after that the other librarian hurried to the periodicals room , where yet another librarian would be stationed . 
 if the police kept coming here asking about me , i realized with a sick feeling , mr. clerrick might let me go . 
 i could tell myself i 'd done nothing , but i suddenly knew it would n't make any difference . 
 this was n't just happening to me , i reminded myself . 
 probably members of real murders all over lawrenceton were being similarly inconvenienced , and many other people whose lives these murders had touched , no matter how tangentially . 
 it was the old stone-in-the-pond effect . 
 instead of stones , bodies were being thrown into the pool of the community , and the resulting waves of misery , fear , and suspicion would brush more and more people until the crimes came to an end . 
 chapter 12 though i did n't know it until i left work , that afternoon had been a busy one for the news media , as well as the police . 
 mamie 's death had not aroused much interest in the city , though it had been front-page news in lawrenceton . 
 the box of candy had rated a couple of paragraphs on an inside page locally , and had failed to register at all in the city . 
 but the murder of morrison pettigrue was news ; the strange and off-beat murder of a strange and off-beat man , spiced with benjamin 's charge of political assassination . 
 benjamin may have been a local butcher who very obviously desired attention of any kind in the worst way , but he did deserve the title `` campaign manager '' and he was quotable . 
 the two local stringers for the city papers enjoyed a couple of days of unprecedented importance . 
 as sally had told us so indignantly at the meeting at my place , she 'd been asked by the police to keep the julia wallace speculations out of the paper . 
 an account of the julia wallace murder would have little appeal for twentieth-century american newspaper readers , the police told sally and her boss . 
 and it would hinder their investigation . 
 sally was on an inside track with the wright murder , no doubt about it , being a club member and actually present when the body was found , so she was furious to see her exclusive knowledge stay exclusive . 
 but her boss , macon turner , agreed with the local police chief that it should be withheld for `` a few days . '' 
 it was from macon turner i pieced all this together later ; he 'd been wooing my mother for some months before john queensland gained ascendancy , and we 'd become friends . 
 sally became frantic after the pettigrue murder ; the minute she 'd learned from her police sources that there had been paper scattered on the surface of the bathwater , and that pettigrue had been placed in the tub after death , she mentally scrolled through the assassinations of radicals and easily came up with charlotte corday 's stabbing of jean-paul marat in revolutionary france . 
 corday had gained entrance to marat 's house by pretending she would give him a list of traitors in her province . 
 then she killed marat while he sat in the bath to alleviate a skin disease . 
 after sally had thought it through , she exploded into macon turner 's office and demanded to report the full story . 
 she knew it would be the biggest story of her career . 
 turner , a friend of the police chief , hesitated a fatal couple of days . 
 then the buckleys were slaughtered , and sally , instantly drawing the obvious conclusion , prepared her story with full disclosure of the `` parallel '' theory , as it became called . 
 turner could no longer resist the biggest , best story that had come along since he 'd bought the lawrenceton sentinel . 
 by chance , the two stringers were not acquainted with any real murders members , who at any rate had not been doing a lot of talking about mamie wright 's murder especially since the sunday night meeting at my apartment . 
 for example , lemaster cane told me later he 'd decided even before the meeting that the murders in lawrenceton were too much like old murders for it to be coincidental . 
 but as a black man , he 'd been too scared of being implicated to come forward . 
 he 'd already found by that time , too , that his hammer - with initials burned into the haft - was missing . 
 he figured it had been used to kill mamie . 
 the same afternoon the buckleys were found slaughtered , the state lab phoned the local police to say that though the report was in the mail , they wanted arthur and lynn to know that what was in the candy my mother had received was a product called `` ratkill . '' 
 if my mother had swallowed the candy without noticing the taste in time to spit it out , she would have been very sick . 
 if by some wild chance her taste-buds had been jaded enough for her to eat three chocolates , she might have died . 
 but the ratkill had a strong odor and flavor by design , to prevent just such a thing happening ; so the poisoning attempt seemed half-hearted and amateurish . 
 then lynn liggett found the open box of ratkill in arthur 's car . 
 the officer who had taken the telephone message from the state crime lab to relay to the detectives was a man named paul allison , and he was the brother of the man sally 'd been married to years before . 
 he was a friend of sally 's , and he did n't care for arthur . 
 paul allison was standing in the police station parking lot when lynn , reaching in arthur 's car to retrieve her forgotten notebook , found an open box of ratkill under it . 
 lynn assumed that arthur had gotten a sample for some reason , and lifted it up where paul allison could see it , before she sensed something was wrong and instinctively tried to conceal it . 
 after paul allison had seen the ratkill , there was no possible way to conceal its finding , and arthur had a lot of explaining to do ; so did lynn , who had been riding with arthur off and on . 
 paul allison decided to do his own explaining - to sally . 
 he called her an hour later , and her full story was in print the next morning . 
 sally 's story created a sensation , which it fully deserved . 
 sally allison , middle-aged newswoman , had finally gotten the story she 'd hankered for all her life , and she went for it , no holds barred . 
 the stringers had not known about the `` parallel theory , '' but they did know something strange was happening in lawrenceton , which normally had a very low murder rate . 
 when the buckleys were killed , one of the stringers was listening to her police band scanner . 
 while the police cars converged on the buckley house , she was loading her camera . 
 she stopped at the gas station to fill up her car , then drove slowly up parson until she spotted the house . 
 in front of the house was slumped a tall , lovely woman with blood on her legs , and sitting with her arm around that tall , lovely woman was a little librarian with big round glasses and a grim expression . 
 i had been trying to ignore the heave of my stomach , because lizanne smelled of vomit . 
 her picture of us appeared on the front page of the metro/state section of the evening city paper . 
 her sources in the police department had not been silent in the meantime , and the caption read : `` elizabeth buckley sits stunned on the steps of her parents ' home after she discovered their bodies . 
 she is being comforted by aurora teagarden , who discovered the body of mrs. gerald wright friday night . '' 
 so that afternoon while i worked in a daze at the library , newspeople were watching my apartment and my mother 's office . 
 it did n't occur to anyone that i might just go on to work after `` comforting '' lizanne . 
 of course , the paper was not yet out and i had not yet seen the picture , but by the time i got back to my apartment after leaving work , a television news crew was parked in my slot in the parking lot . 
 they 'd gotten early wind of the story , and since lizanne was incommunicado in the hospital and arthur and lynn were embroiled in the ratkill discovery at the police station , my mother and i were among the few remaining targets . 
 that is , until the news crew spotted robin , who was arriving home from the university . 
 the newsman was an avid mystery buff who recognized robin , having read of his stepping in for the stricken writer who 'd had the heart attack . 
 the camera was trained on him in a flash , and the newsman came up with some hasty questions . 
 robin , used to being interviewed , handled it well . 
 he was agreeable , without giving them much information . 
 i saw him that night on the news . 
 unfortunately , they were n't looking hard enough at robin to prevent one of them spotting me when i got home . 
 i might think it my duty to talk to the police , but i did n't have to talk to these people . 
 one of them was holding an early copy of the paper , and as i got hesitantly out of my car , stupidly determined on going into my apartment and taking the longest , hottest bath on record , he held it out to me . 
 he said something , i did n't know what , because i was so appalled at seeing the picture of poor lizanne i could n't listen . 
 i felt surrounded , and i was , though the three men of the news team were in my mind magnified to thirty . 
 i was just worn out and could n't deal with it . 
 `` i do n't want to say anything , '' i said nervously , and i could tell the camera was running . 
 the newsman was a looker with a beautiful smile , and i wanted him out of my way more than i 'd ever wanted anything . 
 i felt i was teetering dangerously on the brink of hysteria . 
 robin decided to rescue me . 
 he loomed up behind them , and motioned me to just walk between them . 
 i wondered for a moment if they 'd let me , but they parted and i scuttled by straight for robin . 
 he wrapped his arm around me and we turned our backs on the news team and headed for the patio gate . 
 i knew the camera was running still -lrb- the mystery novelist and his librarian landlady have adjacent apartments -rrb- and i had a flash of sense and a jolt of guts . 
 i swivelled to face the camera . 
 `` this is private property . 
 it belongs to my mother and i am her representative here , '' i said ominously . 
 `` you do not have my permission to be on it . 
 this is against the law . '' 
 i said that like it was a magic charm . 
 and indeed , it seemed to be . 
 for they did pile in their van , and left ! 
 i was incredibly pleased with myself , and i was surprised on looking up to see robin beaming like a fond daddy . 
 `` go get 'em , aurora , '' he said admiringly . 
 `` i appreciate your sheltering me out there in the parking lot , robin , '' i said , `` but dammit , do n't you patronize me ! '' 
 i did a little independent swivelling and got in my back door without bursting into tears . 
 that night arthur called me , to tell me the gloomy story of the ratkill . 
 `` whoever this ass ** le is , he 's playing games and he just went too far , '' arthur said savagely . 
 i would have thought murdering the buckleys was going too far , myself . 
 after i 'd commiserated as much as i decently could , i told him about the media problems i was having . 
 i 'd gotten several phone calls during my wonderful hot bath , effectively ruining it . 
 only the chance someone i might want to hear from would call me was keeping me from taking the phone off the hook . 
 for the first time in my life , i was wishing i had an answering machine . 
 `` i 'm getting calls , too , '' arthur said gloomily . 
 `` i 'm not used to being the direct subject of all this news attention . '' 
 `` neither am i , '' i said . 
 `` i hate it . 
 i 'm glad librarians do n't have to have press conferences as part of their job . 
 do you think you 're clear now of any suspicion ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm not on suspension or anything like that . 
 at least i 've built up enough respect here for that . '' 
 `` i 'm glad . '' 
 and i was . 
 i felt like i had someone on my side in the police force as long as arthur was there . 
 if he 'd been suspended , not only would i have felt bad for his sake , i would have felt powerless . 
 `` go on and take the phone off the hook , '' arthur advised me now . 
 `` but first call your mom and get her to put a big sign at the entrance to your parking lot that says in great big letters , ` private property , trespassers will be prosecuted . ' '' 
 `` good idea . 
 thanks . '' 
 we said goodnight uneasily . 
 we were both wondering what would happen next , and who it would happen to . 
 my mother woke her handyman up with a phone call that night and told him she 'd pay him triple if he had the sign in the parking lot by 7:00 the next morning . 
 she begged me to leave town , or come to stay with her , until somehow this situation ended . 
 she 'd known the buckleys , and was horrified by the sheer terror they must have experienced before they died ; the buckleys were her age , her acquaintances . 
 `` john had to go in to talk to the police , '' she said . 
 `` if he can help them , that 's wonderful , but i hated for him to go . 
 i wish you 'd never joined that damn group , aurora . 
 but there 's no point talking about it now . 
 wo n't you come stay over here ? '' 
 `` are you going to defend me , mother ? '' 
 i asked with a weary smile . 
 `` with my last breath , '' she said simply . 
 suddenly i felt my mother was safer if i stayed away from her . 
 `` i 'll manage , '' i told her . 
 `` thanks for taking care of the sign . '' 
 chapter 13 i had a bad night . 
 i dreamed that men with cameras were coming into the bathroom while i was dressing and that one of them was the murderer . 
 i swam up from a deep sleep to find rain was patting lightly against my bedroom window . 
 i slept again . 
 when finally i woke up groggy i peered out the upstairs windows from behind my curtains to make sure no one was lying in wait for me . 
 all the cars in the parking lot belonged there . 
 no one was parked out front . 
 there was a large unmistakable sign at the entrance to the parking lot . 
 i padded down the stairs to get my coffee , but took it back up to my room . 
 mug in hand , i watched robin leave for work in the city . 
 i saw bankston go out and get his papers , teentsy 's car pulled out . 
 she must have needed something for breakfast , for she was back within ten minutes . 
 the shower the night before had not amounted to much , not like the rain of two nights ago ; the little puddles were already gone . 
 by the time teentsy returned , i 'd worked up enough courage to get my own papers . 
 they were having a screaming field day . 
 there was a picture of arthur , a picture of mamie and gerald at their wedding , a picture of the buckleys and lizanne when the buckleys had celebrated their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary , and a picture of morrison pettigrue taken when he 'd announced he was running for mayor , with benjamin beaming in the background like a proud father . 
 at least no one seemed to believe that melanie and arthur were guilty of anything but being the butt of ghastly practical jokes . 
 i wondered where the hatchet that had killed the buckleys would turn up , or the knife that had killed morrison pettigrue . 
 how could the murderer sustain such a frenzy of activity ? 
 surely there must be an enormous output of physical and emotional energy involved . 
 surely he must stop . 
 i managed to dab on some makeup so i would n't look like i was going to keel over and yanked my hair back into a ponytail . 
 i pulled on a red turtleneck and navy blue skirt and cardigan . 
 i looked like hell on wheels . 
 my only goal was to get to the library without anyone noticing me , and find out if there was any chance of putting in a normal day 's work . 
 to my utter relief , there were no strange cars in the library parking lot . 
 the interest in me seemed to have ebbed . 
 the day began to look possible . 
 i found out at work that benjamin greer had called a press conference that morning to announce another candidate would run for the communist party in the lawrenceton mayoral election . 
 the candidate proved to be benjamin himself , who seemed to be the only other communist resident of lawrenceton . 
 i did n't believe for a minute that benjamin had any coherent political philosophy . 
 he was getting as much publicity as he could while the attention of the media was still on our town . 
 i wondered what would happen to benjamin after the election . 
 would butchering at the grocery store ever be enough again ? 
 lillian schmidt told me about benjamin , and altogether covered herself with unexpected glory that morning . 
 she worked side by side with me as though nothing at all had happened , with the exception of describing his press conference . 
 i wanted to ask her why she was being so decent , but could n't think of a way to phrase it that was n't offensive . 
 -lrb- why are you being nice to me , when we do n't like each other much ? 
 why is a tactless person like you suddenly being the soul of tact ? -rrb- 
 i was pulling on my sweater to leave for lunch , when lillian said , `` i know you do n't have anything to do with this mess , and i do n't think it 's fair that all this has happened to you . 
 that policeman coming to ask me yesterday if you were really mending books with me all morning - i just decided last night that was ridiculous . 
 enough is enough . '' 
 for once we agreed on something . 
 `` thanks , lillian , '' i said . 
 i felt a little better as i drove home . 
 i took another route so i did n't have to pass the buckleys ' house . 
 over lunch i watched the news and saw benjamin having his minutes of fame . 
 i was off thursday afternoon since i was scheduled to work thursday night . 
 i 'd been wise to make the effort to go to work in the morning , i found once i was home alone . 
 though i liked work , usually i liked my time off even more . 
 today was an exception . 
 after i 'd changed into jeans and sneakers , i could n't settle on any one project . 
 i did a little laundry , a little reading . 
 i tried a new hairdo , but tore it apart before i was half through . 
 then my hair was tangled , and i had to brush it through so much to get out the snarls that it crackled around my head in a brown cloud of electric waves . 
 i looked like i 'd been contacted by mars . 
 i called the hospital to see if i could visit lizanne , but the nurse on her wing said lizanne was only receiving visits from family . 
 then i thought of ordering flowers for the funeral , and called sally allison at the newspaper to find out when it would be . 
 for the first time , the receptionist at the sentinel asked my name before ringing sally . 
 she was riding the crest of the story , that was clear . 
 `` what can i do for you , roe ? '' 
 she asked briskly . 
 i felt she was only talking to me because i was still semi-newsworthy at the moment . 
 i had been hot yesterday , but i was cooling off . 
 the lack of excitement in sally 's voice was like a shot of adrenaline to me . 
 `` i just wanted to know when the buckleys ' funeral would be , sally . '' 
 `` well , the bodies have gone for autopsy , and i do n't know when they 'll be released . 
 so according to lizanne 's aunt , they just have n't been able to make any firm funeral plans yet . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well ... '' `` listen , while i 've got you on the line ... one of the cops said you were on the scene yesterday . '' 
 i knew sally had seen the picture of me with lizanne in the city paper . 
 she was getting too full of herself . 
 `` you want to tell me what happened while you were there ? '' 
 she asked coaxingly . 
 `` is it true that arnie was dismembered ? '' 
 `` i wonder if you 're really the right person to have on this story , sally , '' i said after a long pause during which i thought furiously . 
 sally gasped as if her pet sheep had turned and bitten her . 
 `` after all , you 're in the club , and i guess we 're all really involved , somehow or other , right ? '' 
 and sally had a son who was also a member , who could not exactly be called normal . 
 `` i think i can keep my objectivity , '' sally said coldly . 
 `` and i do n't think being a member of real murders means you 're automatically - involved . '' 
 at least she was n't asking me questions anymore . 
 my doorbell rang . 
 `` i 've got to go , sally , '' i said gently . 
 and hung up . 
 i felt mildly ashamed of myself as i went to the door . 
 sally was doing her job . 
 but i had a hard time accepting her switch from friend to reporter , my changing role from friend to source . 
 it seemed like lately people `` doing their jobs '' meant i got my life turned around . 
 i did remember to check my security spy hole . 
 my visitor was arthur . 
 he looked as ghastly as i had earlier . 
 the lines in his face looked deeper , making him appear at least ten years older . 
 `` have you had anything to eat ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , '' he admitted , after some thought . 
 `` not since five this morning . 
 that 's when i got up and went down to the station . '' 
 i pulled out a chair at my kitchen table and he sat down automatically . 
 it 's hard to perform like hannah housewife when you 've had no warning , but i microwaved a frozen ham and cheese sandwich , poured some potato chips out of a bag , and scraped together a rather depressing salad . 
 however , arthur seemed glad to see the plate , and ate it all after a silent prayer . 
 `` eat in peace , '' i said and busied myself making coffee and wiping down the kitchen counter . 
 it was an oddly domestic little interval . 
 i felt more myself , less hunted , than i had since stopping to help lizanne . 
 it was possible work tonight would be entirely normal . 
 and i would come home and sleep , hours and hours , in a clean nightgown . 
 after he ate , arthur looked better . 
 when i came to remove his empty plate , he took my wrist and pulled me into his lap , and kissed me . 
 it was long , thorough , and intense . 
 i really liked it very much . 
 but maybe this was a little too fast for me . 
 when by silent mutual accord we unclenched , i wiggled off his lap and tried to slow down my breathing . 
 `` i just wanted to do something i would enjoy , '' he said . 
 `` quite all right , '' i said a little unsteadily , and poured him a cup of coffee while gesturing him to the couch . 
 i sat a careful but not marked distance away . 
 `` it 's not going well ? '' 
 i asked tentatively . 
 `` oh , it 's going , now that i 've got the ratkill thing behind me . 
 of course our fingerprint guy had to go all over my car , and now i 've got to get all that stuff off . 
 i 'm sure it wo n't turn up anything . 
 melanie clark 's car was clean as a whistle . 
 we 've completed the buckley house search , and a neighborhood canvass to see if anyone saw anything . 
 the only thing the house search turned up was a long hair , which may just be one of lizanne 's ... we have to get a sample from her for comparison . 
 and that 's for your ears only . 
 the murder weapon has n't turned up yet , but it was a hatchet or something like that , of course . '' 
 `` you 're really not a suspect ? '' 
 `` well , if i ever was , i 'm not now . 
 while the buckleys were being murdered i was going door to door with another detective asking questions about the wright murder . 
 and come to think of it , right before the last meeting , when mamie wright was done in , i was booking a dwi at the station . 
 i drove to the meeting directly from there . 
 and lynn was able to swear for me that the ratkill had n't been in the car all morning while we were riding around knocking on doors . '' 
 `` good , '' i said . 
 `` someone 's got to be out of the running . '' 
 `` and thank god it 's me , since the department needs every warm body it can get on this one . 
 i 've got to go . '' 
 he heaved himself to his feet , looking tired again . 
 `` arthur ... what about me ? 
 does anyone think i did it ? '' 
 `` no , honey . 
 not since pettigrue , anyway . 
 his old house had one of those claw-footed tubs , way off the floor , and he was a tall man , maybe six-three . 
 you could n't have gotten him in that tub alone , no way . 
 and around lawrenceton enough people would know if you were steadily seeing some guy who 'd help you move the body . 
 no , i think pettigrue definitely let you off the hook in just about everyone 's mind . '' 
 it was unnerving to think that my name had been spoken by men and women i did n't know , men and women who seriously considered i might have killed people in brutal and bloody ways . 
 but all in all , after i 'd talked to arthur , i felt much better . 
 i saw him off with a light squeeze of his hand , and sat down to think a little . 
 it was about time i thought instead of felt . 
 i had crammed more feelings into the past week than i had in a year , i estimated . 
 the hair the police had found was probably brown , since it might be lizanne 's and hers was a rich chestnut . 
 who else could have shed that hair ? 
 well , i was a member of real murders who had long brown hair . 
 luckily for me , i 'd been repairing books with lillian schmidt all morning . 
 melanie clark had medium-length dull brown hair , and sally , though her hair was shorter and lighter , could also be a contender . 
 -lrb- would n't it be something if sally had committed all these murders so she could report them ? 
 a dazzling idea . 
 then i told myself to get back on the track . -rrb- 
 jane engle 's hair was definitely gray ... then i thought of gifford doakes , whose hair was long and smoothly moussed into a pageboy or sometimes gathered in a ponytail , to john queensland 's disgust . 
 gifford was a scarey person , and he was so interested in massacres ... and his friend reynaldo would probably do anything gifford wanted . 
 but surely someone as flamboyant as gifford would have been noticed going into the buckleys ' house ? 
 well , discarding the possible clue of the hair for the moment , how had the murderer gotten in and left ? 
 a neighbor had seen lizanne enter , too soon before i 'd arrived to have done everything that had been done to the buckleys . 
 so someone was in a position to view the front of the buckley house at least part of the morning . 
 i considered other approaches and tried to imagine an aerial view of the lot , but i am not good at geography at all , much less aerial geography . 
 i sat a while longer and thought some more , and found myself wandering to the patio gate several times to see if robin was home yet from the university . 
 it was going to rain later , and the day was cooling off rapidly . 
 the sky was a dull uniform gray . 
 i pulled on my jacket finally and was heading out on my own when his big car pulled in . 
 robin unfolded from it with an armful of papers . 
 why does n't he carry a briefcase ? 
 i wondered . 
 `` listen , change your shoes and come with me , '' i suggested . 
 he looked down his beaky nose at my feet . 
 `` okay , '' he said agreeably . 
 `` let me drop these papers inside . 
 someone stole my briefcase , '' he said over his shoulder . 
 i pattered after him . 
 `` here ? '' 
 i said , startled . 
 `` well , since i moved to lawrenceton , and i 'm fairly sure from here in the parking lot , '' he said as he unlocked his back door . 
 i followed him in . 
 boxes were everywhere , and the only thing set in order was a computer table suitably laden with computer , disc drives , and printer . 
 robin dumped the papers and bounded upstairs , returning in a few seconds with some huge sneakers . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 he asked as he laced them up . 
 `` i 've been thinking . 
 how did the murderer get into the buckleys ' house ? 
 it was n't broken into , right ? 
 at least the papers this morning said not . 
 so maybe the buckleys left it unlocked and the killer just walked in and surprised them , or the killer rang the doorbell and the buckleys let him - or her - in . 
 but anyway , how did the killer approach the house ? 
 i just want to walk up that way and see . 
 it had to be from the back , i think . '' 
 `` so we 're going to see if we can do it ourselves ? '' 
 `` that 's what i thought . '' 
 but as we were leaving robin 's i had misgivings . 
 `` oh , maybe we better not . 
 what if someone sees us and calls the police ? '' 
 `` then we 'll just tell them what we 're doing , '' said robin reasonably , making it sound very simple . 
 of course , his mother was n't the most prominent real estate dealer in town and a society leader to boot , i reflected . 
 but i had to go . 
 it had been my idea . 
 so out of the parking lot we went , robin striding ahead and me trailing behind , until he looked back and shortened his stride . 
 the parking lot let out in the middle of the street that ran beside robin 's end apartment . 
 robin had turned right so i did , too , and at the corner we turned north to walk the two blocks up parson to the buckleys ' . 
 perhaps as i 'd driven past the buckleys ' on my way home to lunch the day before , the buckleys were being slaughtered . 
 i caught up with robin at the next corner , shivering inside my light jacket . 
 the house was on this next block . 
 robin looked up the street , thinking . 
 i looked down the side street ; no houses faced the road . 
 `` of course , the trash alley , '' i said , disgusted with myself . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` this is one of the old areas , and this block has n't been rebuilt in ages , '' i explained . 
 `` there 's an alley between the houses facing parson road and the houses facing chestnut , which runs parallel to parson . 
 the same with this block we 're standing on . 
 but when you get south to our block , it 's been rebuilt , with our apartments for one thing , and garbage collection is on the street . '' 
 under the gray sky we crossed the side street and came to the alley entrance . 
 i 'd felt so pursued and viewed yesterday , it was almost eerie how invisible i felt now . 
 no houses facing this side street , little traffic . 
 when we walked down the gravelled alley , it was easy to see how the murderer had reached the house without being observed . 
 `` and almost all these yards are fenced , which blocks the view of the alley , '' robin remarked , `` and of the buckleys ' back yard . '' 
 the buckleys ' yard was one of the few unfenced ones . 
 the ones on either side had five-foot privacy fences . 
 we stopped at the very back of the yard by the garbage cans , with a clear view of the back door of the house . 
 the yard was planted with the camellias and roses that mrs. buckley had loved . 
 in their garbage can - what an eerie thought - was probably a tissue she 'd blotted her lipstick with , grounds from the coffee they 'd drunk on their last morning , detritus of lives that no longer existed . 
 yes , their garbage was surely still there ... everyone on parson road had garbage pickup on monday . 
 they 'd been killed on wednesday . 
 i shuddered . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said . 
 my mood had changed . 
 i was n't delilah detective anymore . 
 robin turned slowly . 
 `` so what would you do ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` if you did n't want to be observed , you 'd have parked your car - where ? 
 where we came into the alley ? '' 
 `` no . 
 that 's a narrow street , and someone might remember having to pull out and around to get past your car . '' 
 `` what about at the north end of the alley ? '' 
 `` no . 
 there 's a service station right across the street there , it 's real busy . '' 
 `` so , '' said robin , striding ahead purposefully , `` we go back this way , the way we came . 
 if you had an ax , where would you put it ? '' 
 `` oh , robin , '' i said nervously . 
 `` let 's just go . '' 
 we were leaving the alley as unobserved as we had entered , as far as i could tell , and i was glad of it . 
 `` i , '' continued robin , `` would drop it in one of these garbage cans waiting to be emptied . '' 
 that was why robin was a very good mystery writer . 
 `` i 'm sure the police have searched them , '' i said firmly . 
 `` i am not going to stand here and go through everyone 's garbage . 
 then someone really would call the police . '' 
 or would they ? 
 apparently no one had spotted us so far . 
 we 'd reached the end of the alley , at the spot we 'd entered . 
 `` if you would n't park here , you might just cross the street and go through the next alley , '' he said thoughtfully . 
 `` park even farther away , be even less likely to be seen and connected . '' 
 so we slipped across the narrow street into the next alley . 
 this one had been widened a little when some apartments had been built . 
 their parking was in the back , and in the construction process a drainage ditch had been put in the alley to keep the parking lots clear . 
 there were culverts to provide entrances and exits to the lots . 
 i thought , i would put the ax in one of the culverts . 
 and i wondered if the police had searched this block . 
 this alley too was silent and lifeless , and i began to have the unsettling feeling that maybe robin and i were the only people left in lawrenceton . 
 the sun came out briefly and robin took my hand , so i tried hard to feel better . 
 but when he crouched to retie his shoe , i began looking in the ditches . 
 certainly the culvert right by us had n't been disturbed . 
 the water oak leaves that half-blocked the opening were almost smoothly aligned , pointing in the same direction , by the heavy rain of the night before last . 
 but the next one down ... someone had been in that ditch , no doubt about it . 
 the leaves had been shoved up around the opening so forcefully that the mud underneath had been uncovered . 
 perhaps the police had searched , but of course none of them were as short as i was , so they were n't at an angle to see a little gleam from inside the culvert , a gleam sparked by the unexpected and short-lived sunshine . 
 and their arms were n't as long as robin 's , so they could n't have reached in and pulled out ... `` my briefcase ? '' 
 robin said in shock and amazement . 
 `` what 's it doing here ? '' 
 his fingers pried the gold-tone locks . 
 `` do n't open it ! '' 
 i shrieked , as robin opened it , and out fell a bloodstained hatchet , to land with a thud on the packed leaves in the ditch . 
 chapter 14 while robin stood guard over the horrible thing in the alley , i knocked on the door of one of the apartments . 
 i could hear a baby screaming inside , so i knew someone was awake . 
 the exhausted young woman who answered the door was still in her nightgown . 
 she was trusting enough to open the door to a stranger , and tired enough to accept my need to use her telephone incuriously . 
 the baby screamed while i looked up the number of the police station , and kept it up while i dialled and talked to the desk officer , who had some trouble understanding what i was trying to tell him . 
 when i hung up and thanked the young woman , the baby was still crying , though it had ebbed to a whimper . 
 `` poor baby , '' i said tentatively . 
 `` it 's colic , '' she explained . 
 `` the doctor says the worst should be over soon . '' 
 aside from occasionally babysitting my half-brother phillip when he was small , i knew nothing about babies . 
 so i was glad to hear that the child had a specific complaint . 
 by the time i thanked her and she shut the door behind me , i could hear the child starting to cry again . 
 i trudged back to the alley where robin was sitting glumly , his back propped against the fence on the side opposite the apartments . 
 `` me and my great ideas , '' i said bitterly , plopping down beside him . 
 he let that pass in a gentlemanly manner . 
 `` cover it up , '' i suggested . 
 `` i ca n't stand it . '' 
 `` how , without getting fingerprints on it ? 
 more fingerprints , that is . '' 
 we solved that problem as a mist began to dampen my hair against my cheeks . 
 i found a stick and robin stuck it under the edge of the briefcase , lifting it and dragging it over the hatchet with its dreadful stains . 
 we settled back against the fence , able now to hear the sirens approaching . 
 i felt oddly calm . 
 `` i wonder if i 'll ever get my briefcase back , '' robin said . 
 `` someone came in our parking lot and reached in my car , and took my briefcase , so he could use it for hiding a murder weapon . 
 i 'd been thinking , roe , when this case is all over , if it ever is , that i might try my hand at nonfiction . 
 i 'm here , i 'm involved through knowing some of the people . 
 i even met the buckleys the very night before they were killed . 
 i was there when you and your mother opened the chocolates . 
 now i 'm here finding a murder weapon in my briefcase , and i 'm telling you , i do n't like this much anymore . 
 i do n't think i even want the damn briefcase as a memento , now that i think of it . '' 
 but after sitting for a moment in silence , he murmured , `` wait till i tell my agent . '' 
 the surface of his glasses began to be speckled with tiny drops of moisture . 
 i took my own off and wiped them with a kleenex . 
 `` i 've got to admire your lack of fear , robin , '' i said . 
 `` lack of fear ? '' 
 `` you think they 're not going to want to ask you a few questions ? '' 
 i said pointedly . 
 he had only seconds to absorb this and look dismayed before an unmarked car pulled in the alley , with a patrol car right behind it . 
 for some reason , we stood up . 
 and god bless me , who should emerge from the unmarked car but my friend lynn liggett , and she was mad as a wet hen . 
 `` you 're everywhere ! '' 
 she said to me . 
 `` i know you did n't do these murders , but i swear every time i turn around you 're right in front of me ! '' 
 she shook her head , as if trying to shake me out of it . 
 then words seemed to fail her . 
 her glance fell on the overturned open briefcase , with the handle of the hatchet protruding slightly from underneath . 
 `` who covered it up ? '' 
 she said next . 
 after we told her , and she lifted the briefcase from the bloody hatchet with the same stick , all her attention was on the murder weapon . 
 yet another car appeared behind the patrol car . 
 my heart sank even deeper as jack burns heaved himself out and strolled towards us . 
 his body language said he was out for a casual amble in a pleasant neighborhood but his dark eyes snapped with anger and menace . 
 he stopped at the patrolmen , apparently the ones who had conducted the original alley search the day before and blistered them up and down in language i had only seen in print . 
 robin and i watched with interest as they began to search the alley for anything that might have been left by the murderer . 
 i was willing to bet that if he 'd left any other trace in the alley , this time it would be found . 
 people began to emerge from the apartments , and the alley that had seemed so silent and deserted began to be positively crowded . 
 i saw the curtain move at the apartment of the young mother , and hoped the baby had calmed down by now . 
 it occurred to me that this woman was the most likely to have seen something the previous day , since she was probably up almost all the time . 
 i started to suggest this to detective liggett , but i reconsidered in time to save my head from being bitten off . 
 the hatchet and briefcase bagged , the policewoman turned back to us . 
 `` did you touch the briefcase , miss teagarden ? '' 
 she asked me directly . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` so you did , '' she said to robin , who nodded meekly . 
 `` you 're someone else who turns up everywhere . '' 
 finally robin began to look worried . 
 `` you need to go down to the station and have your fingerprints taken , '' lynn said brusquely . 
 `` i had them made the other night , '' robin reminded her . 
 `` everyone at the real murders meeting had his or her prints taken . '' 
 this reminder did not endear him to the detective . 
 `` whose idea was this stroll through the alley ? '' 
 lynn counterattacked . 
 we looked at each other . 
 `` well , '' i began , `` i started wondering how the buckleys ' murderer had reached their house without being seen ... '' `` but it was definitely me that wanted to go through this alley as well as the one behind the buckley house , '' robin said manfully . 
 `` listen , you two , '' lynn said with an assumed calm , `` you do n't seem to understand the real world very well . '' 
 robin and i did n't care for that accusation . 
 i felt him stiffen beside me , and i drew myself up and narrowed my eyes . 
 `` we are the police , and we are paid too damn little to investigate murders , but that 's what we do . 
 we do n't sit and read about them , we solve them . 
 we find clues , and we track down leads , and we knock on doors . '' 
 she paused and took a deep breath . 
 i had found several flaws in her speech so far , but i was n't about to point out to her that arthur read a lot about murders and that the police so far had n't solved a thing and that the clue of the hatchet would still be in the damn ditch if robin and i had n't unearthed it . 
 i had enough sense of self-preservation not to say those things . 
 when robin cleared his throat , i stepped on his toes . 
 i was sorry i 'd stopped - him a moment later when lynn really began questioning him . 
 i would n't have stood to her questioning as well as he , and i had to admire his composure . 
 i could see that it did look peculiar , - robin arrives in town , the murders start . 
 but i knew that mamie wright 's murder had been planned before robin came to live in lawrenceton , and the chocolates had been sent to mother even earlier . 
 the officer pointed out , though , that robin had been present at the discovery of mamie wright 's body , having invited himself to a real murders meeting on his first night in town . 
 and he 'd been at my house when i 'd received the chocolate box . 
 lynn was certainly not the only detective who thought robin 's presence at so many key scenes was fishy . 
 and perhaps i was not as clear and free of suspicion as arthur had assured me , because when jack burns took up the questioning he was looking from robin to me with some significance . 
 here , he seemed to be thinking , is someone big who could have helped this woman get pettigrue 's body in the bathtub . 
 `` i have to go to work in an hour and a half , '' i said quietly to him , when i 'd had all i could take . 
 he stopped in mid-sentence . 
 `` sure , '' he said , seeming abruptly exhausted . 
 `` sure you do . '' 
 his fuel , it seemed , had been his exasperation with his own men missing the hatchet , and he 'd run out of it . 
 i liked him a lot better all of a sudden . 
 when burns had taken over the role of castigator , lynn had started knocking door to door at the apartments asking questions . 
 finally she reached the apartment where i 'd used the phone , and the young woman , now in jeans and a sweater - she 'd undoubtedly seen the police going door to door - answered in a flash . 
 lynn was obviously running through her list of questions , but i noticed after about the third one , she came to point like a bird dog . 
 the young woman had said something lynn was interested in hearing . 
 `` jack , '' lynn yelled , `` come here . '' 
 `` go home , '' burns told us simply . 
 `` we know where you are if we need you . '' 
 and he hurried over to lynn . 
 robin and i blew out a breath of relief simultaneously , and almost slunk out of the alley , trying as hard as we possibly could to attract no more official attention . 
 once we were out into the street , robin went flying along home and dragged me with him by the hand . 
 when we reached our parking lot we finally stopped for breath . 
 robin hugged me and dropped a quick kiss on the top of my head , the most convenient spot for him . 
 `` that was really interesting , '' he commented , and i began laughing until my sides hurt . 
 robin 's red eyebrows flew up , and his glasses slid down , and then he began laughing , too . 
 i looked at my watch while i was thinking how long it had been since i 'd really whooped like that , and when i saw what the time was , i told robin i had to go change clothes . 
 at least for a few hours , i had forgotten to be afraid about working at the library alone that night . 
 it had not been noticed until the last moment that no one had been scheduled to take mr. buckley 's place on the roster . 
 none of the other librarians would now admit to having the evening free , and all the volunteers had been scheduled for other nights . 
 i told robin this hurriedly , and he said , `` i 'm sure the police patrols have been stepped up . 
 but maybe i 'll stop in on you tonight . 
 if you need me , call me . 
 i 'll be here . '' 
 he went in his gate and i went in mine . 
 as i pulled on the same blue skirt and red turtleneck i 'd worn that morning , i was doing my best not to think of the hatchet . 
 it had been unspeakable . 
 on my drive to work i hoped that the library would be flooded with patrons so i would n't have time to think . 
 i was taking over the checkout desk from jane engle , who had been substituting for one of the librarians whose child had the flu . 
 jane looked the same , with her perfectly neat gray hair , her perfectly clean wire-rimmed glasses , and her anonymous gray suit . 
 but inside , i could see she was no longer a sophisticated and curious witness to the lawrenceton murders , but a terrified woman . 
 and she was glad to get out of the library . 
 `` all the others left at five , not a single patron 's come in since then , '' she told me in a shaky voice . 
 `` and frankly , aurora , i 've been delighted . 
 i 'm scared to be alone with anyone anymore , no matter how well i think i know them . '' 
 i patted jane on the arm awkwardly . 
 though at times we 'd eaten lunch together , mostly on days after club meetings when we wanted to discuss the program , jane and i had had a friendly , but never intimate , relationship . 
 `` other people are interested in our little club for the first time , '' jane went on , `` and i 've had to answer a lot of questions no one ever bothered to ask me before . 
 people think i 'm a little strange for having belonged to real murders . '' 
 jane was definitely a woman who would hate to be thought strange . 
 `` well , '' i said hesitantly , `` just because we had a different sort of hobby - . '' 
 come to think of it , maybe we were a little strange , all of us real murderers , as we had sometimes called ourselves laughingly . 
 ho-ho . 
 `` one of us really is a murderer , you know , '' jane chimed in eerily . 
 i felt my thoughts were becoming visible in a balloon over my head . 
 `` it 's gone beyond an academic interest in death and gore and psychology . 
 i could feel it that night we met in your apartment . '' 
 `` whom do you think it is , jane ? '' 
 i said impulsively , as she tied her scarf and extracted her keys from her purse . 
 `` i am sure it 's someone in our club , of course , or possibly a near connection of some sort to a club member . 
 i do n't know if this person has always been disturbed , or if he 's just now decided to play a ghastly series of tricks on his fellow members . 
 or maybe there is more than one murderer and they 're acting together . '' 
 `` it does n't have to be someone in real murders , jane , just someone who does n't like one of us , someone who wants us to be in trouble . '' 
 she was standing by the front door by then , and i wanted her to stay as much as she wanted to go . 
 she shrugged , not willing to argue . 
 `` it 's frightening to me , '' she said quietly , `` to imagine what case i fit . 
 i go over my books , checking out cases , to see what elderly woman living alone i resemble . 
 what old murder victim . '' 
 i stared at her with my mouth open . 
 i was appalled to realize what jane had been going through , because of her active and probably accurate mind . 
 then a mother trailing two reluctant toddlers came through the door , and jane slipped out to go home to her waiting house , to leaf through her true crime books in search of the pattern she would fit . 
 thank god other people were in the library when gifford doakes came in , or i might have shrieked and run . 
 gifford , massacre enthusiast , had always sounded the warning bell in my brain that cautions me to pick and choose my conversation topics . 
 though i really did n't know too much about him , i 'd always kept my distance from gifford and limited my contact with him to the bare bones of courtesy . 
 you wanted to be polite to gifford . 
 you were a little scared not to be . 
 i had no idea what gifford did for a living , but he dressed like a `` miami vice '' drug lord , in extremely stylish clothes and with his long brown hair carefully arranged . 
 i would n't have been surprised to see a shoulder holster under his jacket . 
 maybe gifford was a drug lord . 
 and here he came now , gliding over to the checkout desk . 
 i glanced around ; that dynamic twosome , melanie clark and bankston waites , had come in a few minutes previously , their heads close together and laughing , and i could now see bankston upstairs in the biography section , while melanie was flipping through good housekeeping in the magazine area on the ground floor . 
 probably looking for a new meatloaf recipe . 
 but bless her , she was there within call . 
 gifford was right across the desk from me , and my hand closed over the nearest thing , which proved to be the stapler . 
 a really effective deterrent , i told myself bitterly . 
 i could see his shadow , reynaldo , standing outside the double glass doors , pacing around in the near-dark of the parking lot . 
 he would pass through a pool of light from the arc lamps that provided safety for the lot - theoretically - and then vanish into the gloom , reappearing seconds later . 
 `` how ya doing , roe ? '' 
 gifford asked perfunctorily . 
 `` um . 
 okay . '' 
 `` listen , i hear you and that writer found the murder weapon in the buckley case today . '' 
 the buckley case ? 
 i had a sudden vision of an anthology of accounts of the decade 's most notable murders , and of lizanne 's parents ' slaughter being included . 
 other people would read about their deaths , and speculate , as i had speculated about other unsolved cases . 
 could it have been the daughter ? 
 or the policeman who also belonged to the real murders club ? 
 i realized that these murders would be made into a book ... maybe by joe mcguinniss or joan barthel or robin , if his taste for it revived ... and i would be in it , because of the chocolates . 
 maybe just `` when the candy arrived at the home of mrs. teagarden 's daughter aurora ... '' for a minute i was very confused . 
 was i in a book about old murders that i was reading , or was this all happening to me now ? 
 it would be nice to have the distance a book would give me . 
 but gifford 's one earring was all too real , and the leopard-like pacing of reynaldo - in the prosaic library parking lot ! 
 - was all too real , too . 
 `` tell me about the ax , '' gifford was demanding . 
 `` it was a hatchet , gifford . 
 an ax would n't fit in a briefcase . '' 
 i was immediately furious with myself for contradicting a scarey guy like gifford ; but then i consciously realized what my unconscious must have noted . 
 gifford doakes was a man with a mission , and he was not interested in sidetracks . 
 `` this long ? '' 
 he held his hands apart . 
 `` yes , about . '' 
 standard hatchet size . 
 `` wood handle with black tape wrapped around the grip ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i agreed . 
 i had forgotten the tape until he mentioned it . 
 `` damn , '' he hissed , and then he said a few other things , and his dark eyes blinked rapidly . 
 gifford doakes was a frightened man and a furious one . 
 i was scared as hell , too , not only of the murderer but more immediately of gifford . 
 who was maybe also the murderer . 
 i gripped the stapler even harder , and felt like a fool planning to battle a crazy man with a stapler that even , i suddenly remembered , contained no staples . 
 well , strike that line of defense . 
 `` now i have to go to the police station , '' gifford said unexpectedly . 
 `` that 's my hatchet , i 'm almost positive . 
 reynaldo found out it was missing yesterday . '' 
 i laid down the stapler very gently on my desk , glanced upward and saw bankston looking over the second-floor railing . 
 he raised his eyebrows in a silent query . 
 i shook my head . 
 i did n't think i needed help anymore . 
 i thought gifford was just as nervous as the rest of us , and for good reason . 
 at this moment , sophisticated pageboy and sharp clothes notwithstanding , gifford was chewing on his thumbnail like a five-year-old facing a difficult world . 
 `` you 'd better go to the police now , '' i said to him carefully . 
 and he wheeled and was out the door before i could catch my breath . 
 gifford 's hatchet , robin 's briefcase . 
 those not cast as victims were being cast as murderers , to provide even more fun for the killer . 
 i wondered which category was scheduled for me . 
 surely finder-of-the-body would suffice . 
 i was still pondering this and other unpleasant related topics thirty minutes later when perry allison came in . 
 i could hardly believe my luck at seeing gifford and perry in one evening . 
 two great guys . 
 at least while gifford had been here , so had a few other people , but in the intervening half hour bankston and melanie and the two other patrons had trickled out the door . 
 this time i quietly opened a drawer and slid out a pair of scissors . 
 i checked my watch ; only fifteen minutes to go till closing time . 
 `` roe ! '' 
 he babbled . 
 `` que pasa ? '' 
 his hands beat a manic tattoo on the desk . 
 i felt a stirring of dismay . 
 this was n't even the familiar unpleasant perry , who had perhaps skipped some prescribed medication . 
 perry was on drugs no doctor had ever given him . 
 the appeal of `` recreational '' drugs had completely passed me by , but i was n't totally naive . 
 `` nothing much , perry , '' i said cautiously . 
 `` how can you say that ? 
 things here are just hopping , '' he told me , his eyebrows flying all over his narrow face . 
 `` a murder a day , practically . 
 your honey , the cop , was at my place this afternoon . 
 asking questions . 
 making insinuations . 
 about me ! 
 i could n't hurt a fly ! '' 
 and perry laughed and came around the desk in a few quick steps . 
 `` scissors ? '' 
 he whooped . 
 `` ssssssscissssors ? '' 
 he experimented with hissing . 
 i was so taken aback by his quick moves and jerky head movements , so unlike the perry i worked with , that it took me by surprise when his hand shot out to grasp the wrist of my hand that was holding the scissors . 
 he gripped with manic pressure . 
 `` that hurts , perry , '' i said sharply . 
 `` let go . '' 
 but perry laughed and laughed , never relaxing his grip . 
 i knew in a minute i would drop the scissors and i could not imagine what would happen after that . 
 abruptly , he turned enraged . 
 `` you were going to stab me , '' he shouted furiously . 
 `` not one of you wants me to make it ! 
 not one of you knows what that hospital was like ! '' 
 he was right , and under other circumstances i would have listened with some sympathy . 
 but i was in pain and terrified . 
 i could just barely feel the scissors still gripped in my numbing fingers . 
 in a day filled with strange incidents , this crazed man screaming at me , his emotional intensity spilling over me in this quiet and civilized building where people came to pick out nice quiet civilized books . 
 then he began shaking me to get me to listen , his other hand gripping my shoulder like a vise , and he never stopped talking , angry , sad , full of pain and self-pity . 
 i began to get angry myself , and suddenly something in me just snapped . 
 i raised my foot and stomped on his instep with every ounce of force i could summon . 
 with a wail of pain , he let go of me , and in that instant i turned and raced for the front door . 
 i ran smack into sally allison . 
 `` oh my god , '' she said hoarsely . 
 `` are you all right ? 
 he did n't hurt you ? '' 
 without waiting for an answer she shouted at her son over my head , `` perry , what in god 's name has gotten into you ? '' 
 `` oh , mom , '' he said hopelessly and began to cry . 
 `` he 's on drugs , sally , '' i said raggedly . 
 she held me away from her and scanned me for injuries , letting loose a visible sigh of relief when she saw no blood . 
 she saw the scissors still in my hand and looked horrified . 
 `` you were n't going to hurt him ? '' 
 she asked incredulously . 
 `` sally , only a mother could say that , '' i said . 
 `` now , you get him out of here and take him home . '' 
 `` listen to me , please , roe , '' sally pleaded . 
 i was still frightened , but i was acutely uncomfortable , too . 
 i had never had anybody beg me , as sally unmistakably was begging me now . 
 `` listen , he did n't take his medicine today . 
 he 's okay when he takes his medicine , really . 
 you know he can come to work and perform his job , no one 's complained about that , right ? 
 so please , please do n't tell anyone about this . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 asked a quiet male voice above my head , and i realized robin had come in quietly . 
 i looked up to his craggy face , his now-serious crinkly mouth , and i was so glad to see him i could have wept . 
 `` i came to check up on you , '' he said to me . 
 `` mrs. allison , i think i met you at the club meeting . '' 
 `` yes , '' sally said , trying hard to pull herself together . 
 `` perry ! 
 come on ! '' 
 he walked over to her , his wet face blank and tired , his shoulders slumped . 
 `` let 's go home , '' his mother suggested . 
 `` we have to talk about our agreement , about the promise you made me . '' 
 without looking at me or saying a word , perry followed his mother out the door . 
 i collapsed against robin and cried a little , still holding the stupid scissors . 
 his huge hand smoothed my hair . 
 when the worst was over , i said , `` i have to lock up , i 'm closing now . 
 i do n't care if santa claus comes to check out a book . 
 this library is closed . '' 
 `` going to tell me what happened ? '' 
 `` you bet i am , but first i want to get out of this place . '' 
 i hated detaching myself from the comfortable chest and enfolding arms ; it had been nice to feel protected by a big strong man for a few seconds . 
 but i wanted to leave that building and go home more than i wanted anything else , and with luck , we could repeat the scene at my place with amenities handy . 
 chapter 15 `` maybe , '' robin speculated between bites of a pretzel stick , `` there 's more than one murderer . '' 
 if we ever spent a night together , it was n't going to be tonight . 
 the mood had faded . 
 `` oh , robin ! 
 i ca n't believe that for a minute . 
 there could n't be two people that evil in lawrenceton at the same time , doing the same thing ! '' 
 one was bad enough ; two would get us in the history books for sure . 
 he waved the pretzel stick at me emphatically . 
 `` why not , roe ? 
 a copycat killer . 
 maybe someone , for example , wanted the buckleys out of the way for some reason , and after mamie got killed he saw his chance . 
 or maybe someone wanted to do in pettigrue , and killed mamie and the buckleys to cloud the issue . '' 
 there was a certain amount of precedent for that , but more often in mystery novels than in real life , i thought . 
 `` i guess it 's possible , '' i conceded . 
 `` but robin , i just do n't want to believe it . '' 
 `` maybe , then , there 's more than one killer . 
 i mean , a team of murderers . '' 
 `` jane engle said the same thing , '' i recalled belatedly . 
 `` two people ? 
 how could you look at anyone who knew you had done that , robin ? '' 
 i could truly not imagine saying , `` hey , buddy , look at the way i socked mamie ! '' 
 i felt almost nauseated . 
 that two people could agree on such a plan , and mutually carry it out ... `` hillside stranglers , '' robin reminded me . 
 `` burke and hare . '' 
 `` but the hillside stranglers were sex murderers , '' i objected , `` and burke and hare wanted to sell the bodies to medical schools . '' 
 `` well , true . 
 these killings are apparently just for fun . 
 just to tease . '' 
 i thought of gifford and his hatchet . 
 the killer was teasing in more than one way . 
 `` wait till you hear this ! '' 
 i exclaimed . 
 robin felt better when i 'd told him he and melanie and arthur had company in the category of implicated innocent . 
 `` though it would be clever of this gifford , '' robin cautioned , `` to use his own ax , and then claim its use proved him innocent . '' 
 `` i wonder if gifford is that clever , '' i said . 
 `` gifford is crafty , i think , but i believe he 's pretty limited in imagination . '' 
 `` and how well do you know him ? '' 
 asked robin , with a tiny edge to his voice . 
 `` not well , '' i admitted . 
 `` just through seeing him at real murders . 
 he 's been coming about a year , i think . 
 and he brings a friend named reynaldo . 
 who apparently does n't have a last name ... '' the phone rang , and i reached out to pick it up , surprised at getting such a late call . 
 people in lawrenceton do not make phone calls after 10:00 p.m. . 
 at least , not the people i know . 
 robin tactfully took the occasion to go into the bathroom . 
 `` oh , god , i just looked at my watch , were you in bed ? '' 
 arthur asked . 
 `` no , '' i said , feeling ridiculously awkward with robin in my place . 
 why should i ? 
 i asked myself . 
 i could see two men at one time if i chose . 
 `` i just finished work and got back to my place . 
 i do n't suppose there 's any chance you want to come over ? '' 
 the idea sent a certain tingle down my spine , but all the conditions that had applied to robin were still valid ; plus , robin was showing no signs of budging . 
 in fact , he 'd just gone to the refrigerator and refreshed his drink . 
 `` i have to work tomorrow , '' i said neutrally . 
 `` oh . 
 okay . 
 i get the message . 
 roller skating or nothing . '' 
 ohmygosh . 
 i had almost forgotten . 
 well , i had some pretty good reasons for not thinking about a saturday night date . 
 `` you think you will be able to get off ? '' 
 i asked cautiously . 
 `` i think so . 
 i have some amazing news for you . 
 you sitting down ? '' 
 arthur sounded strange . 
 like someone who was trying to be excited and happy and just could n't manage . 
 and he had n't mentioned the discovery of the hatchet and briefcase . 
 `` yes , i 'm sitting . 
 what ? '' 
 `` benjamin greer just confessed to all the murders . '' 
 `` what ? 
 he what ? '' 
 `` he confessed to killing mamie wright , morrison pettigrue , and the buckleys . '' 
 `` but what about the box of candy ? 
 why did he do that ? 
 mother does n't know him at all . '' 
 `` he says morrison did that , because your mother is an example of what is worst about capitalism . '' 
 `` my mom - morrison pettigrue ? 
 i do n't believe it , '' i sputtered disconnectedly . 
 `` you do n't want this case to be over ? '' 
 `` yes , yes ! 
 but i do n't believe he did it . 
 i wish i did . '' 
 `` he 's convinced a lot of the guys down here . '' 
 `` did he know where the hatchet was hidden ? '' 
 `` everyone in town knows that now . '' 
 `` did he know what it was in ? '' 
 `` pretty much everyone knows that , too . '' 
 `` okay , who 'd he steal the hatchet from , that he used to kill the buckleys ? '' 
 `` he has n't said yet . '' 
 `` gifford doakes told me tonight that it was his hatchet . '' 
 `` he did ? '' 
 and for the first time arthur 's voice showed some life and enthusiasm . 
 `` gifford has n't been in here yet . 
 as far as i know . '' 
 `` well , he told me tonight at the library that his hatchet had been missing , and he asked me about that tape around the handle . 
 i did n't bring it up , in fact i 'd forgotten about it . '' 
 `` i 'll pass that on to the men who are questioning greer , '' arthur promised . 
 `` that can be one of our test questions . 
 but for some reason , roe , this guy is convincing . 
 he believes it , i think . 
 and we have a witness . '' 
 robin had abandoned being polite and was beside himself to know what i was talking about . 
 his eyebrows were winging around his face in interrogation . 
 i kept waving my hand to keep him quiet . 
 `` a witness to the murder ? '' 
 `` no , a witness who saw him leave the hatchet in the alley . '' 
 i remembered lynn 's excitement when she 'd talked to the young mother in the apartments . 
 i was willing to bet that that was the witness . 
 `` so what did she see ? '' 
 i asked sharply . 
 `` listen , this is police business that i ca n't tell you about in detail , '' arthur said flatly . 
 `` i 'm sorry if i 'm trespassing , but i 'm deeply involved in this , up to my neck , according to lynn liggett and your boss jack burns . '' 
 `` well . 
 you 're off the hook now . '' 
 `` this is hard to soak in . 
 i ca n't believe it 's all over . '' 
 `` i 'm going home to sleep , '' arthur said , and the exhaustion made his voice slur . 
 `` i 'm going to sleep and sleep and sleep . 
 and when i get up , we 're going to talk about going roller skating . '' 
 `` okay , '' i said slowly . 
 `` listen , i just remembered that my little brother phillip is coming tomorrow and spending the weekend . '' 
 `` then we 'll take him with us , '' arthur said smoothly , scarcely missing a beat . 
 `` okay . 
 talk to you later . '' 
 i was smiling as i hung up ; i could n't help it . 
 `` it may be over , robin , '' i said , almost crying . 
 his mouth fell open . 
 `` you mean , we do n't have to worry anymore ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` so it seems . 
 an eyewitness places benjamin greer , the member of real murders who was n't there the night mamie got killed , depositing the briefcase in the culvert . 
 and he has confessed to everything , except sending the candy , which he says morrison pettigrue did before he killed him . 
 i 'll have to call mother . 
 pettigrue thought mother was a terrible capitalist . '' 
 we discussed this truly stunning development up and down and sideways and forwards , until i began to yawn and feel drowsy . 
 `` did i hear you mention that your brother is coming ? '' 
 robin asked tactfully . 
 `` yes , his name is phillip , he 's six . 
 from my father 's remarriage . 
 dad and his wife are going to a convention in chattanooga this weekend , and i 've been scheduled for a long time to keep phillip . 
 things were getting so grim here i was thinking about calling dad and cancelling or going to keep phillip at their house , but now i guess it 'll be okay to have him here . '' 
 `` you two get along ? 
 what do you do when he 's visiting ? '' 
 `` oh , we play games . 
 we go to the movies . 
 he watches television . 
 i read to him , things he ca n't read himself yet . 
 one time we went bowling . 
 that was a real disaster , but fun , too . 
 sometimes he brings his ball and glove and we play catch in the parking lot . 
 i 'm not very good at that , though . 
 phillip is a real baseball freak , he brings his cards every time he comes and we go through them , while i try not to yawn . '' 
 `` i like kids , '' said robin , and i could tell he was sincere . 
 `` maybe saturday we can all go to the state park and have a picnic and hike one of the trails . '' 
 that would be an hour drive to and from , plus allow maybe three hours for the hike and picnic , i figured rapidly . 
 i could be back in time for roller skating , but phillip would probably be exhausted from the park , and i might be , too . 
 `` maybe playing - is it called goofy golf ? 
 - would be better . 
 i noticed a new place out on the highway into the city when i drove in monday . '' 
 that felt years ago now . 
 `` i saw that , too , '' robin said . 
 `` maybe saturday afternoon ? '' 
 `` okay , he 'll love it . 
 come meet him tomorrow night , '' i offered . 
 `` i promised to make pecan pie - that 's phillip 's favorite . 
 what about 7:00 ? '' 
 `` great , '' said robin agreeably . 
 he leaned over to give me a casual kiss . 
 `` i 'll see you then . '' 
 he seemed preoccupied as he left . 
 i locked the back door after robin left , and checked my front door , though i seldom used it . 
 if this whole imbroglio had had one effect , it was to make me permanently security conscious . 
 it had been a busy day even without the constant strain of living with a murderer in close proximity . 
 today we 'd found the hatchet in robin 's briefcase , i 'd had the weird confrontation with gifford doakes and the eerie scene in the library with perry . 
 i wondered if sally was right in her optimistic belief that no one at work besides me had noticed that perry was unravelling . 
 i had n't exactly been in the current of office gossip the past week , being mostly the subject of it , i was sure . 
 then arthur had called with the bombshell about benjamin . 
 benjamin the loser . 
 benjamin the murderer ? 
 as i made up the bed in the guest room for phillip - though he usually ended up getting spooked at spending the night in a strange place and came in my room - i realized anew how abnormal the week had been . 
 usually , when i knew phillip was going to make one of his four or five annual weekend visits , i spent several days preparing . 
 i stocked all his favorite foods , planned lots of activities , checked out an armful of children 's books , consulted the local movie schedules . 
 i overdid it . 
 this was probably the appropriate amount of preparation for a six-year-old 's visit ; i made a bed for him , checked to see if i had the ingredients for his favorite dessert , and decided to take him to his favorite fast-food place for lunch on saturday . 
 and i looked forward to seeing him , this unexpected brother i had acquired after i 'd become an adult . 
 in the middle of the awfulness i 'd seen lately , and the anxiety i 'd suffered in so many unprecedented situations , having phillip to visit seemed like a welcome return to normality . 
 benjamin greer . 
 i tried to believe it . 
 chapter 16 i woke up smiling . 
 it took me a second to remember why , but when i remembered , i grinned all over . 
 the murders were at an end . 
 i had convinced myself in my sleep that benjamin was confessing because he had done it and wanted the attention and infamy , not because he had n't done it but wanted the attention and infamy anyway . 
 after all , he had announced his candidacy for mayor , that should have given him enough fuel to run on for a while . 
 it was friday , i did n't have to work this weekend , phillip was coming , i was interested in two men and what 's more they were both interested in me . 
 what more could a twenty-eight-year-old librarian ask for ? 
 i made myself up with great care , had some fun with my eye shadow , and picked my brightest skirt and blouse to wear . 
 it was a definitely springy set , white with yellow flowers scattered all over , and i let my hair hang loose with a yellow band to hold it back . 
 i had a large breakfast , cereal and toast and even a banana , and sang on my way out to my car . 
 `` you 're chipper this morning , '' said bankston , who was dressed in a very sober suit befitting a banker . 
 he was smiling himself , and i remembered i 'd seen melanie 's car pull out of the parking lot very early this morning . 
 `` oh , i have reason to be ! 
 you may not have heard yet , but someone admitted to the murders . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 bankston said after staring at me for a moment . 
 `` benjamin greer . '' 
 then i wondered belatedly if i was betraying a confidence . 
 but my assurance returned when i remembered arthur had n't asked me to keep it quiet , and i had n't told him i would . 
 also , i 'd already told robin , who would have throttled the news out of me if i 'd hung up from my conversation with arthur and refused to tell him . 
 wait ; i was n't even going to say exaggerated things like that to myself anymore . 
 bankston was thunderstruck . 
 `` but he was just in to see me last week to get a loan for his candidate 's campaign ! 
 sorry , i should n't have mentioned that . 
 it was a private transaction , bank business . 
 but i 'm just so - flabbergasted . '' 
 `` i was too , '' i assured him . 
 `` well , well , i 'll have to stop by melanie 's and tell her , '' he said after a moment of thought . 
 `` this will be such a relief to her . 
 she 's had a hard time since mrs. wright 's purse was found in her car . '' 
 right . 
 being pronounced a martyr at church and getting a marriage proposal was really a hard time . 
 but i felt too cheerful to envy melanie ; i 'd gone out with bankston twice and would n't have him on a silver platter , as my mother always said . 
 mother . 
 that was someone who should hear the good news , too . 
 i 'd call her today . 
 she was going to love being termed `` what was worst about capitalism . '' 
 that was a hard line to take after all mother 's hard work and struggle during the first few years with her business , though then she 'd had my father 's presence to give her renewed strength . 
 he had n't left until she was well on the road to success . 
 i was trailing off into unpleasant thoughts , and snapped myself back quickly . 
 joy was the keynote of the day . 
 at work , all the librarians and volunteers seemed to have heard the good news , and i was back in the fold . 
 lillian went back to being her bitchy self , which was almost comforting . 
 sam derrick ventured forth from his charts and graphs and budgets to pat me on the shoulder in passing . 
 i poked book cards in the stamper vigorously , took overdue money with a smile instead of expressionless disapproval , shelved with precision . 
 the morning did n't just hurry by , it hopped , skipped , and jumped by . 
 the telephone rang twice while i was eating my micro-waved egg rolls and browsing through an encyclopedia of twentieth-century murderers . 
 i 'd had that familiar irritating feeling that someone , sometime , had said something interesting that i wanted to pursue , mentioned some names i wanted to mull over , and i 'd thought flipping through the book would help . 
 but the phone destroyed even this wisp of idea . 
 the first caller was my father , who always opened with , `` how 's my doll ? '' 
 he hated calling me `` roe '' and i hated him calling me `` doll . '' 
 we had n't come up with anything neutral . 
 `` i 'm okay , dad , '' i said . 
 `` is it still okay with you if phillip comes ? '' 
 he asked anxiously . 
 `` you know , if you are upset about the situation in lawrenceton , we can stay home . '' 
 in the background i could hear phillip piping anxiously , `` can i go , daddy ? 
 can i go ? '' 
 `` the crisis seems to be over , '' i said happily . 
 `` they arrest someone ? '' 
 `` they got a confession . 
 i 'm sure everything 's going to be okay now , '' i said . 
 maybe i was n't all that sure . 
 but i was pretty sure that i was going to be okay now . 
 and i wanted to see my little brother . 
 `` well , i 'll be bringing him about five o'clock , then , '' dad said . 
 `` betty jo sends her love . 
 we really appreciate this . '' 
 i was n't so sure about betty jo 's love , but i was sure she did appreciate having a free , reliable babysitter for a whole weekend . 
 the next call was from my mother , of course . 
 she still had some sort of psychic link to dad , and if he called me she nearly always rang within the hour . 
 if she was like lauren bacall , he was like humphrey bogart ; an ugly guy with charisma coming out his ears . 
 and bless his heart , he seemed quite unaware of it . 
 but that charisma was still sending out alpha waves or something to my mother . 
 i knew that she must already have heard of benjamin 's confession , and sure enough , she had . 
 she 'd also heard he 'd said morrison pettigrue had mailed her the chocolates . 
 she was skeptical . 
 `` how would morrison pettigrue hear about mrs. see 's ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` how would he know i always eat the creams ? '' 
 `` he did n't have to know you always eat the creams , '' i pointed out . 
 `` there 's just no way to get rat poison in the nut-filled ones . '' 
 `` that 's true , '' she admitted . 
 `` i still have a hard time believing that one . 
 i barely knew the man . 
 i 'd met him at some chamber of commerce meeting once and if i remember correctly , we talked about the need for new sidewalks downtown . 
 it was a cordial conversation and he certainly gave no sign then that he thought i was some kind of leech living off the masses , or whatever . '' 
 but if benjamin was lying about the chocolates , he could also be lying about other things . 
 and i wanted him to be telling the truth and nothing but the truth . 
 `` let 's just shelve this until we find out more about it , '' i suggested . 
 `` maybe he 'll say something that 'll make sense out of the whole thing . '' 
 `` is - your brother - still staying with you this weekend ? '' 
 mother asked , in one of her lightning turns of thought . 
 i sighed silently . 
 `` yes , mother . 
 dad 's bringing phillip by around five , and he 'll be here until sunday evening . '' 
 it would have been beneath mother 's dignity to avoid the sight of phillip , but having made a point of talking to him once or twice , she usually stayed away while he was at my place . 
 `` well , i 'll be talking to you again , '' she was saying now . 
 i could bet on that . 
 i asked her about her business , and she chatted about that for a few minutes . 
 `` are you and john still thinking about getting married ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` well , we 're discussing it . '' 
 there was a smile in her voice . 
 `` i promise you 'll be the first to know when we definitely decide . '' 
 `` as long as i 'm the first , '' i said . 
 `` i really am happy for you . '' 
 `` i hear you have a new beau , '' mother said , which was a logical progression when you think about it . 
 `` which one have you heard about ? '' 
 i asked , because i simply could n't resist . 
 in someone less grand than my mother , i would 've called the sound she made a delighted cackle . 
 we hung up with mutual warmth , and i returned to work with the distinct feeling life was on the up and up for me . 
 my mother 's `` beau , '' john queensland , came into the library that afternoon while i was on the circulation desk . 
 i realized he was practically the opposite of my father : handsome in an elder-statesman way , and overtly as dignified and reserved as mother . 
 he had been a widower for some time and still lived in the big two-story house he 'd shared with his wife and their two children , both of whom had children of their own now . 
 my contemporaries , i reminded myself gloomily . 
 as john was checking out two staid biographies of worthy people , he mentioned that his garage had been broken into some time within the last three weeks . 
 `` i never use it anymore , i just park behind the house . 
 the garage is so full of the boys ' old stuff - i ca n't seem to get them to decide what to do with all their junk . '' 
 he sounded fond rather than complaining . 
 `` but anyway , i went to track down my golf clubs since i intended scheduling a game with bankston in this warmer weather , and the darned thing had been broken into and my golf clubs were gone . '' 
 since john was a real murderer , i was sure that this theft meant something . 
 i told john about gifford doakes and his hatchet - amazingly , he had n't heard - and left him to draw his own conclusions . 
 `` i know benjamin greer has confessed , '' i told john , `` but that 's a bit of evidence the police might need . 
 just a confession is n't enough , i gather . '' 
 `` i think i 'll go by the police station on my way back to the office , '' john said thoughtfully . 
 `` those clubs had better be reported . 
 the whole bag was taken , and it was a pretty distinctive set . 
 every time my kids went somewhere , they got a bumper sticker and put it on my golf bag , just a family joke . . . 
 `` and trailing off with unheard-of abstraction , john left the library . 
 i thought of arthur and sighed . 
 i wondered if he 'd appreciate being handed another out-of-the-blue fact . 
 golf clubs . 
 maybe they 'd already been used . 
 maybe they 'd been used on mamie . 
 the weapon in that case had never been found , that i knew of . 
 maybe benjamin would tell the police where the clubs were . 
 i let this nag at me until i got home and saw my father 's car waiting at my apartment . 
 as i greeted my father and hugged my half-brother , i made a resolution not to think about these killings for a couple of days . 
 i wanted to enjoy phillip 's company . 
 phillip is in the first grade and he can be very funny and very exasperating . 
 he will eat about five things with any enthusiasm - five nutritious things , that is . 
 -lrb- anything with no nutritional value whatsoever is always acceptable to phillip . -rrb- 
 luckily for me , one of those things is spaghetti sauce and another is pecan pie , not that either is exactly a health food . 
 `` roe ! 
 are we having spaghetti tonight ? '' 
 he asked eagerly . 
 `` sure , '' i said , and smiled at him . 
 i bent and kissed him before he could say , `` yuck ! 
 no kisses ! '' 
 he gave me a quick kiss back , then scrambled to get his suitcase and -lrb- much more important -rrb- a plastic garbage bag full of essential toys . 
 `` i 'm going to put these in my room , '' he told father , who was beaming at him with unadulterated pride . 
 `` son , i 've got to go now , '' father told him . 
 `` your mom is anxious to get where we 're going . 
 you be good for your big sister , now , and do what she says to do without giving her any trouble . '' 
 phillip half-listened , mumbled `` sure , dad , '' and lugged his paraphernalia into my place . 
 `` well , doll , this sure is nice of you , '' my father said to me when phillip had vanished . 
 `` i like phillip , '' i said honestly . 
 `` i like having him stay here . '' 
 `` here are the phone numbers where we 'll be staying , '' father said and fumbled a sheet of notepaper out of his pocket . 
 `` if anything goes wrong , anything at all , call us straight away . '' 
 `` okay , okay , '' i reassured him . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 have a good time . 
 i 'll see you sunday night ? '' 
 `` yes , we should be here about five or six . 
 if we 're going to be any later than that , we 'll call you . 
 do n't forget to remind him about his prayers . 
 oh - if he runs a fever or anything , here 's a box of chewable children 's aspirin . 
 he gets three . 
 and he needs to have a glass of water by the bed at night . '' 
 `` i 'll remember . '' 
 we hugged , and he got in his car with a lopsided smile and half-wave that i could see a woman would have a hard time forgetting . 
 i watched father drive out of the parking lot , and then heard phillip shouting from the kitchen , `` roe ! 
 you got any cookies ? '' 
 i supplied phillip with two awful sandwich cookies that he 'd told me were his favorites . 
 very pleased , he bounced outside with his garbage bag of toys , having dumped the `` inside '' ones in the middle of my den . 
 `` i bet you have to cook , so i 'm going to be out here playing , '' he said seriously . 
 i could take a hint . 
 i got busy with the spaghetti sauce . 
 the next time i glanced out the window to check , i saw through my open patio gate that phillip had already commandeered bankston into playing baseball in the parking lot . 
 phillip had great scorn for my baseball playing ability , but bankston had his approval . 
 bankston had taken off his suit coat and his tie immediately , and seemed not nearly so stuffy as he pitched the baseball to phillip 's waiting bat . 
 they 'd played before when phillip had visited , and bankston did n't seem to consider it an imposition . 
 then robin was drawn into the game when he got home , and he was acting as phillip 's catcher when i called from the patio gate that supper was ready . 
 `` yahoo! '' phillip shrieked , and propped his bat against the patio wall . 
 i smiled and shrugged at his abandoned playmates and whispered to phillip , `` thank bankston and robin for a good game . '' 
 `` thank you , '' phillip said obediently and dashed in to scramble into his chair at my small dining table . 
 i glimpsed the top of melanie 's head in bankston 's open door as he went in , and robin said , `` see you later , for pecan pie . 
 i like your little brother , '' as he strolled through the gate to his patio . 
 i felt warm and flushed with pride at having such a cute brother - and a little warm too at robin 's smile , which had definitely been of the personal variety . 
 for the next twenty minutes i was occupied in seeing that phillip used his napkin and said his prayer and ate at least a little serving of vegetables . 
 i looked fondly at his perpetually tousled light brown hair and his startlingly blue eyes , so different from mine . 
 between bites of spaghetti and garlic bread , phillip was telling me a long involved story about a fight on the school playground , involving a boy whose brother really knew karate and another boy who really had all the g.i. joe attack vehicles . 
 i listened with half an ear , the other part of my mind being increasingly occupied by the niggling feeling that i was supposed to know something . 
 or remember something . 
 or had i seen something ? 
 whatever this `` something '' was , i needed to call it to mind . 
 `` my baseball ! '' 
 shrieked phillip suddenly . 
 he had my full attention . 
 the shriek , which had sprung with no warning from his throat while he was telling me what the principal had done to the playground combatants , had scared the whosis out of me . 
 `` but phillip , it 's dark , '' i protested , as he catapulted out of his chair and dashed to the back door . 
 i tried to remember if i 'd ever seen him walk , and decided that i had , once , when he was about twelve-months-old . 
 `` here , at least take my flashlight ! '' 
 i managed to stuff it in his hand only because he was so partial to flashlights that he slowed down long enough for me to pull it from the kitchen cabinet . 
 `` and try to remember where you last saw the ball ! '' 
 i bellowed after him . 
 i 'd finished my meal while phillip was relating his long story , so i scraped my plate and put it in the dishwasher -lrb- robin was due in a few minutes , and i wanted the place to look neat -rrb- . 
 the dessert plates were out , everything else was ready , so while i waited for a triumphant phillip to return with his baseball , i idly looked at my shelves , putting a few books back in place that were out of order . 
 i stared at the titles of all those books about bad or crazy or crazed people , men and women whose lives had crossed the faint line that demarks those who could but have n't from those who can and have . 
 phillip had been gone a long time ; i could n't hear him out in the parking lot . 
 the phone rang . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i said abruptly into the receiver . 
 `` roe , it 's sally allison . '' 
 `` what ... '' `` have you seen perry ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 `` has he been ... following you anymore ? '' 
 `` no ... at least , i have n't noticed if he has . '' 
 `` he ... '' sally trailed off . 
 `` come on , sally ! 
 what 's the matter ? '' 
 i asked roughly . 
 i stared out through the kitchen window , hoping to see the beam of the flashlight bobbing around through the slats in the patio fence . 
 i remembered the night perry 'd been across the street in the dark waiting for robin to bring me home . 
 i was terrified . 
 `` he did n't take his medicine today . 
 he did n't go to work . 
 i do n't know where he is . 
 maybe he took some more pills . '' 
 `` call the police , then . 
 get them looking for him , sally ! 
 what if he 's here ? 
 my little brother 's out alone in the dark ! '' 
 i hung up the phone with a hysterical bang . 
 i grabbed up my huge key ring , with some idea of taking my car around the block for a search , and i pulled out the second flashlight i kept ready . 
 it was my fault . 
 the thing in the dark had gotten my little brother , a six-year-old child , and it was my fault . 
 oh lord god , heavenly king , protect the child . 
 i left the back door wide open , the welcome light spilling into the deep dusk . 
 the patio gate was already open , phillip never remembered to close it . 
 his bat was propped beside it as he 'd left it coming in to supper . 
 `` phillip ! '' 
 i screamed . 
 then i thought , maybe i should be quiet and creep . 
 in a frenzy of indecision , i swung the flashlight to and fro . 
 a few yards away , a car started up and pulled out of its space . 
 as it went by , i saw it was melanie in bankston 's car . 
 she smiled and waved . 
 i gaped after her . 
 how could she not have heard me yell ? 
 but i could n't reason , i just kept walking and sweeping the ground with that beam of light , seeing nothing , nothing . 
 `` roe , what 's wrong ? 
 i was just on my way over to your place ! '' 
 robin loomed above me in the dark . 
 `` phillip 's gone , someone 's got him ! 
 he left to get his baseball , he ran out the back door , he did n't come back ! '' 
 `` i 'll get a flashlight , '' robin said instantly . 
 he turned to go to his telephone . 
 `` listen - '' he half-turned back but kept moving , `` he would n't think it was funny to hide , would he ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so , '' i said . 
 i would have loved to have thought phillip was giggling behind a bush somewhere , but i knew he was n't . 
 he could n't have stayed hidden this long in the dark . 
 he 'd have jumped out long before , screaming `` boo , '' his grin of triumph making his face shine . 
 `` listen , robin , go ask the crandalls if they 've seen phillip , and call the police . 
 perry allison 's mom just called and he 's loose somewhere . 
 she may not call the police . 
 i 'm going to work my way around to search the front yard . '' 
 `` right , '' robin said briefly , and vanished into his place . 
 i walked quickly through the dark -lrb- and it was full dark now -rrb- , the beam of the flashlight on the sidewalk before me . 
 i 'd pause , and swing the flashlight , and step on . 
 i passed the crandalls ' gate , and had found nothing . 
 i opened bankston 's gate . 
 the flashlight beam caught something on bankston 's patio . 
 phillip 's baseball . 
 oh , god , it had been here all the time , no wonder phillip could n't find it . 
 bankston had probably picked it up out of the parking lot to keep it to give phillip tomorrow morning . 
 i lifted my hand to knock on bankston 's back door and my hand froze in midair . 
 i thought about melanie pulling out of the parking lot so strangely - she must have heard me scream . 
 and i 'd told phillip to think of where he 'd seen it last . 
 he 'd seen it last in bankston 's hands . 
 had bankston been lying down in that car ? 
 had he been lying on top of phillip , to keep him quiet ? 
 a long brown hair had been found in the buckleys ' house . 
 benjamin did n't have long brown hair . 
 he had thinning blond hair . 
 like bankston . 
 he was medium height , like bankston , and he had a round face . 
 like bankston . 
 it was bankston the young mother had seen in the alley , not benjamin greer . 
 melanie had long brown hair . 
 together . 
 they had done the killings together . 
 and then i remembered that niggly little thing that had been bothering me . 
 when john queensland had described his golf bag , he 'd said it had stickers all over it . 
 that had been the golf bag bankston was carrying into his place on wednesday , so long after my lunch hour he had n't expected me to be around at all , much less popping out of the crandalls ' gate . 
 bankston had stolen them from john queensland . 
 had phillip been in bankston 's townhouse ? 
 i turned my flashlight on my key ring . 
 you could n't call it breaking and entering , i told myself hysterically . 
 i had a key . 
 i was the landlady . 
 i turned it in the keyhole , opened the door as quietly as i could , and stepped inside . 
 i did n't call out . 
 i left the back door open . 
 the kitchen light was on , and the kitchen/living room was a mess , but an ordinary mess . 
 a library book was lying open on the counter , a book i had in my own personal library , ernlyn williams ' beyond belief . 
 i felt sick , and had to bend over . 
 this time they were patterning themselves after myra hindley and ian brady , the `` moors murderers . '' 
 they were going to kill a child . 
 they were going to kill my brother . 
 the monster was not sitting in a jail cell in the lawrenceton city jail . 
 the monsters lived here . 
 hindley and brady had tortured the children for a few hours first , so phillip might be alive . 
 if he 'd been in the car , if they 'd taken him to melanie 's place , wherever that was - right , the same street where jane engle lived - he might have left some trace . 
 abandoning silence , i raced up the stairs . 
 no one . 
 in the larger bedroom there was a king-sized bed with a coil of rope beside it , and a camera was on the dresser . 
 hindley and brady , two low-level office workers who 'd met on the job , had tape-recorded and photographed their victims . 
 the extra bedroom was full of exercise equipment : the source of bankston 's newly bulging muscles . 
 there was a file box with its lid hanging back , key still in the lock . 
 anything he locked up , i wanted to see . 
 i knocked it over and the magazines inside spilled out like a trail of slime . 
 i looked at an open one in horror . 
 i did not know it was possible to buy pictures of women being treated like that . 
 when i had heard of the anti- p ** n ography movement , i 'd thought of the usual pictures of women who at least were apparently willing , being paid , and still healthy when the photo session was over . 
 i ran back downstairs , glanced into the living room , opened the closets . 
 nothing . 
 i opened the door to the basement . 
 the light was off , so the steps were dark from halfway down to the bottom . 
 but something white was on one of the lower steps , just visible in the light spilling down from the kitchen . 
 i went down the stairs and crouched to pick it up . 
 it was a baseball card . 
 i heard a muffled noise , and had time to think , phillip ! 
 but then i felt a terrible pain across my shoulder and neck , and i was falling forward , my arms and legs tangled , my face scraping the edge of the steps . 
 the next thing i knew i was on the floor of the basement and looking up at bankston 's face , stolid no more in the dim light but grinning like a gargoyle , and he had a golf club in his hand . 
 there was another switch at the bottom of the steps , and he turned it on . 
 i heard the noise again , and with great pain turned my head to see phillip , gagged and with his hands tied , sitting on a straight chair by the dryer . 
 his face was wet with tears and his whole little body was curled into as tight a ball as he could manage on that chair . 
 his feet could not touch the floor . 
 my heart broke . 
 i 'd heard people say that all my life ; their heart had broken because their love had deserted them , their heart had broken because their cat had died , their heart had broken because they 'd dropped grandma 's vase . 
 i was going to die and i had cost my little brother his life , and my heart broke for what he would endure before they finally tired of him and killed him . 
 `` we heard you come in , '' bankston said , smiling . 
 `` we were down here waiting for you , were n't we , phillip ? '' 
 incredible , bankston the banker . 
 bankston with the matching almond-tone washer and dryer . 
 bankston arranging a loan for a businessman in the afternoon and smashing mamie wright 's face in the evening . 
 melanie the secretary , filling up her idle time while her boss was out of town by slaughtering the buckleys with a hatchet . 
 the perfect couple . 
 phillip was crying hopelessly . 
 `` shut up , phillip , '' said the man who 'd played baseball with him that afternoon . 
 `` every time you cry , i 'll hit your sister . 
 wo n't i , sis ? '' 
 and the golf club whistled through the air and bankston broke my collarbone . 
 my shriek must have covered melanie 's steps , because suddenly she was there looking down at me with pleasure . 
 `` when i pulled in , the scarecrow was searching the parking lot , '' she said to bankston . 
 `` here 's the tape recorder . 
 i ca n't believe we forgot it ! '' 
 gee , what a madcap couple . 
 she sounded for all the world like a housewife who 'd remembered the potato salad in the fridge just as the family was leaving on its picnic . 
 i decided , when the pain had ebbed enough for me to think , that `` the scarecrow '' was robin . 
 i managed to look at phillip again . 
 god bless him , he was trying so hard not to make sounds , so bankston would n't hit me again . 
 i tried to push the pain away so i could look reassuring , but i could only stare at him and try not to scream myself . 
 if i screamed , bankston would hit me quite a lot . 
 or maybe he would hit phillip . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 bankston asked her . 
 `` no way we can get them out of here now , '' melanie said matter-of-factly . 
 `` he said he 'd called the police . 
 one of us better go up soon and offer to help search . 
 if we do n't the police will want to look in here , i guess , get suspicious . 
 we ca n't have that , can we ? '' 
 and she smiled archly , and poked , my leg with her foot , as if i were a piece of naughtiness that they had to conceal for convention 's sake . 
 she saw me looking at her . 
 `` get up and get over there by the kid , '' she said , and then she kicked me . 
 i moaned . 
 `` i 've always wanted to do that , '' she said to bankston with a smile . 
 it was not only the fall and the blows that made it hard to move , but the shock . 
 i was in this most prosaic basement with these most prosaic people , and they were monsters that were going to kill me , me and my brother . 
 i had read and marvelled for years at people living cheek by jowl with psychopaths , and not suspecting . 
 and here i was , trying desperately to crawl across a concrete floor in a building my mother owned while friends looked for my brother outside , because i had never never thought it could happen to me . 
 i got to phillip 's side in a few moments , though the young woman i 'd known all my life and gone to church with did kick me a few times on the journey . 
 i grabbed the edge of the seat and dragged myself to my knees , and clumsily draped my good arm around phillip . 
 i wished phillip would faint . 
 his face was more than i could stand , and i had no consolation for him . 
 we were looking at the faces of demons , and all the rules of kindness and courtesy that phillip and i had been taught so carefully did not apply . 
 no reward for good behavior . 
 `` i got the tape recorder , but now we ca n't use it , '' melanie was pouting . 
 `` i think that 's when she got suspicious , when she saw me pull out of the parking lot . 
 i did n't want to have to help her look , so i had to act like i did n't hear her . 
 i do n't guess we 'll get to have any fun tonight . '' 
 `` i did n't think this through , '' bankston agreed . 
 `` now they 'll be out there looking for the boy and her all night , and we 'll have to go volunteer , too . 
 at least now we 've got her keys , they ca n't use the master set to come in here . '' 
 he held them up . 
 i must have dropped them when i fell . 
 `` you think they might insist on searching all the apartments ? '' 
 melanie asked anxiously . 
 `` we ca n't turn them down if they ask . '' 
 bankston pondered . 
 they were at the foot of the steps still . 
 i could not get by them . 
 i could not see any weapons besides the golf club , but even if i did attack them with my one good arm and my little remaining energy , the two of them could easily overcome me and the noise would not be heard by anyone ... unless the crandalls had decided to spend the evening in their basement . 
 `` we 'll just have to wing it , '' bankston said finally . 
 the baseball ! 
 maybe robin would see it , like i had . 
 `` did you talk to anyone when you pulled in ? '' 
 bankston was asking . 
 `` just what i told you before . 
 robin asked me if i had seen the boy , and i said no , but that i 'd be glad to help look , '' melanie said with no irony whatsoever . 
 `` roe left the back door open , so i closed and relocked it . 
 and i picked up the kid 's baseball , it was still out on the patio . '' 
 that was our death warrant , i reckoned . 
 bankston cursed . 
 `` how did it end up out there ? 
 i was sure i 'd brought it in . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it , '' melanie said . 
 `` even if they did find it , you could just have said you 'd been keeping it for him but he did n't ever show up looking for it . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' bankston said fondly . 
 `` what shall we do with those two ? 
 if we leave them tied up down here while we go help to search , they might somehow get loose . 
 if we kill them right now , we lose our fun with the boy . '' 
 he strolled over to us and melanie followed . 
 `` you acted on impulse when you grabbed him , '' melanie observed . 
 `` we should just go on and take care of them now , and hide them down here good . 
 then when the search dies down , we 'll see if we can get them out to the car and dump them . 
 next time , no impulses , we 'll do what we planned and nothing extra . '' 
 `` are you criticizing me ? '' 
 bankston asked sharply . 
 his voice was low and dangerous . 
 her posture changed . 
 i had never seen anything like it . 
 she cringed and folded and became another person . 
 `` no , never , '' she whimpered , and she bent and licked his hand . 
 i saw her eyes , and she was role-playing and it excited her immensely . 
 i was nauseated . 
 i hoped i was blocking phillip 's view sufficiently . 
 i huddled closer to him , though the pain from my collarbone was becoming more insistent . 
 phillip was shaking and he had wet himself . 
 his breath was getting more and more ragged , and muffled sobs and whimpers broke out from time to time . 
 melanie and bankston were giving each other a kiss , and bankston bent and bit her shoulder . 
 she held him to her as though they would use each other right there , but then they unclenched and she said , `` we 'd better do it now . 
 why run any more risks ? '' 
 `` you 're right , '' bankston agreed . 
 he gave her the golf club , and she swung it through the air experimentally while he searched his pockets . 
 in her black slacks and green sweater and knotted scarf she looked ready to tee off at the country club . 
 in that small area the club whistled past me with no room to spare , and i started to protest , when i realized yet again that melanie absolutely could not care less . 
 old assumptions die hard . 
 i saw a foot on the stairs behind them . 
 `` give me your scarf , mel , '' bankston said suddenly . 
 melanie unknotted it instantly . 
 `` this would be less messy , and i 've never done it before , '' he observed cheerfully . 
 they never looked at me or at phillip , except in passing , and i could tell to them we were not people like they were . 
 the foot was joined by a matching foot , and silently took another step down . 
 `` maybe i should tape this , '' melanie said brightly . 
 `` it wo n't be what we had planned , but it might be interesting . '' 
 the next step squeaked , and i screamed , `` god damn you to hell ! 
 how can you do this to me ? 
 how can you do this to a little boy ? '' 
 they were as shocked as though a chair had spoken . 
 melanie swung the club instantly with both hands . 
 my body was covering phillip 's on the chair , but the blow was so strong the chair was rocked . 
 it was easy to shriek as loud as a freight train . 
 i saw the feet descend all the way in a rush . 
 `` shut up , bitch ! '' 
 melanie said furiously . 
 `` naw , you shut up , '' a flat voice advised her . 
 it was old mr. crandall , and he was carrying a very large gun . 
 the only sound in the basement was the sobbing coming from me , as i struggled to control myself . 
 phillip raised his bound wrists to loop his arms over my head . 
 i wished more than ever that he 'd faint . 
 `` you 're not going to shoot , '' bankston said . 
 `` you old idiot . 
 with this concrete floor , it 'll ricochet and hit them . '' 
 `` i 'd rather shoot them directly than leave them to you , '' mr. crandall said simply . 
 `` which one of us will you shoot first ? '' 
 melanie asked furiously . 
 she 'd been sidling away from bankston a little at a time . 
 `` you ca n't get us both , old man . '' 
 `` but i can , '' said robin from higher on the stairs , and he was n't nearly as calm as mr. crandall . 
 i managed to look up . 
 i saw robin descending with a shotgun . 
 `` now i do n't know as much about guns as mr. crandall , but he loaded this for me , and if i point it and fire i am real sure i will hit something . '' 
 if they tried anything desperate it would be now . 
 i could feel the turmoil pouring from them . 
 they looked at each other . 
 i could only stare through a haze of pain at the green silk scarf in bankston 's hand . 
 oh , surely they must see it was over , over . 
 suddenly the fight oozed out of them . 
 they looked like what they used to be , for a moment ; a bank loan officer and a secretary , who could not remember where they were or how they had come to be there . 
 the scarf fell from bankston 's hand . 
 melanie lay down the golf club . 
 they did not look at each other anymore . 
 there was a gust of people noise , and arthur and lynn liggett came pelting down the stairs to be stopped short by the tableau . 
 phillip 's breath came out from behind the gag in a deep sigh , and he fainted . 
 it seemed like such a good idea that i did it , too . 
 chapter 17 `` if i 'd had my dynamite man particle blaster they would n't have hurt us , '' phillip whispered . 
 he simply would not be parted from me while i was being patched up . 
 he held on to my hand or my leg or my torso ; though many kind people offered to take him and rock him , or buy him an ice cream cone , or color with him , my little brother would not be separated from me . 
 this definitely made it harder on me , but i tried to have so much sympathy for phillip that the pain would not seem important . 
 i 'm afraid i found that to me , pain is very important , no matter who else has been hurt . 
 now he was actually in the hospital bed with me , huddling as close to me as he could get , his eyes still wide and staring , but beginning to glaze over . 
 i thought he 'd had some kind of mild tranquilizer ; i thought i remembered saying that was okay . 
 my father and stepmother were driving back from chattanooga ; robin , bless him , had found their phone number and called , miraculously catching them in their motel room . 
 `` phillip , if i had n't had you to hold on to , i would have gone nuts , '' i assured him . 
 `` you were so brave . 
 i know you were scared inside , like i was , but you were brave as a lion to hold yourself together . '' 
 `` i was thinking about escaping all the time . 
 i was just waiting for a chance , '' he informed me . 
 there , he was beginning to sound more like phillip . 
 then , less certainly , `` roe , would they really have killed us ? '' 
 what was i supposed to say ? 
 i glanced over at robin , who shrugged in an it 's - up-to-you gesture . 
 why was i asking robin what i should say to my little brother ? 
 `` yes , '' i said , and took a deep breath . 
 `` yes , they were really bad people . 
 they were rotten apples . 
 they were nice on the outside but full of worms on the inside . '' 
 `` but they 're locked up in jail now ? '' 
 `` you bet . '' 
 i thought about lawyers and bail and i shivered . 
 surely not ? 
 `` they ca n't ever get you again . 
 they ca n't ever hurt anybody again . 
 they 're far away and all locked up , and your mom and dad will carry you home even further away from them . '' 
 `` when are they gon na get here ? '' 
 he asked desolately . 
 `` soon , soon , as fast as their car can come , '' i said as soothingly as i could , perhaps for the fiftieth time , and thank god at that moment my father did come in , betty jo right behind him and under rigid control . 
 `` mama ! '' 
 said phillip , and all his hard-held toughness left him . 
 he became an instant soggy puddle of little boy . 
 betty jo swept him out of the hospital bed and into her arms and held him as tightly as he held her . 
 `` where can i take him ? '' 
 she asked the nurse who 'd followed them in . 
 the nurse told 4 her about an empty waiting room two doors down , and betty jo vanished with her precious armful . 
 i was so glad to see betty jo take him i could have cried . 
 there is no substitute for a real mother . 
 at least i am no substitute for a real mother . 
 the past few hours had certainly taught me that , if i 'd ever doubted it . 
 my father bent and kissed me . 
 `` i hear you saved his life , '' he said , and tears trickled down his face . 
 i had never seen my father cry . 
 `` i am so thankful you are both safe , i prayed in the car all the way here . 
 i could have lost both of you in one night . '' 
 overwhelmed , he sank into the guest chair robin had quietly vacated . 
 robin stood back in the shadows , the dim room light glinting off his red hair . 
 i would never forget how he 'd looked with the shotgun in his hands . 
 i was just too tired to appreciate my father 's emotion . 
 it was late , so late . 
 i had almost been strangled by a bank loan officer with a green silk scarf . 
 i had been hit by a secretary with a golf club . 
 i had been terrified out of my mind for myself and my little brother . 
 i had looked into the face of evil . 
 strong words , i told myself hazily , but true . 
 the face of evil . 
 finally , my dear father dried his eyes , told me he 'd see me very soon , and said they were taking phillip home that very night . 
 `` we 'll have to see about treatment for him , '' he said apprehensively . 
 `` i do n't know how to help him . '' 
 `` i 'll see you , '' i mumbled . 
 `` thanks , aurora , '' he said . 
 `` if you need help yourself , you know how to reach us . '' 
 but they were dying to get phillip away , and his voice verged on perfunctory . 
 i was a grownup , right ? 
 i could take care of myself . 
 or my mother would take care of me . 
 i let myself have a flash of bitterness , and made myself swallow it . 
 he was not being careful of me , but he was right . 
 i drifted off to sleep for a second . 
 robin was holding my hand when i woke up . 
 i think he had kissed me . 
 `` that felt good , '' i said . 
 so he did it again . 
 it felt even better . 
 `` they were stupid really , '' i said a little later . 
 `` when you think about it , yes , '' robin agreed . 
 `` i do n't think they ever realized it was n't a game when they began patterning the deaths after old murders . 
 bankston snatched phillip on impulse when they should have waited and picked a victim from at least across town ... if he 'd really been intelligent , he would have known taking phillip from the same place he himself lived , then keeping him in the townhouse instead of getting him out to melanie 's place ... well , maybe they would 've smuggled him out , but you started looking too soon , and they did n't even consider you having keys . '' 
 `` how did you know where we were ? '' 
 i asked . 
 it had never occurred to me to question our last-minute rescue . 
 `` when i saw melanie pull back in , she acted strange , '' he began . 
 `` i had started to wonder where you 'd disappeared , too , and her coming back after she 'd just left a few minutes before seemed peculiar . 
 she 'd gone home to get her tape recorder , you know , '' he said , and looked away into the shadows of the room . 
 `` i ran around front i saw you were n't there searching , and decided there was only one place you could be . 
 really , i was just guessing , '' he said frankly . 
 `` you had disappeared as suddenly as phillip , there were no strange cars around , melanie tried to act concerned about phillip being missing but she was n't , and she had that damn tape recorder . 
 perry allison is very strange and maybe dangerous , but he 's also obvious . '' 
 robin reached down to take my hand . 
 `` i had to persuade mr. crandall in a hurry that we had to raid bankston 's place , but he was game . 
 even if i had made a mistake , he said , if bankston was any kind of a man he would realize when a child and woman are missing , anything goes . 
 jed 's a frontier kind of guy . '' 
 `` how 'd you get in ? 
 did n't melanie lock the door behind her ? '' 
 `` yes , but mrs. crandall had a key , the key she 'd been meaning to bring over to you - i think she kept it because the former tenant used to lock herself out a lot . '' 
 i would have laughed if my side had n't hurt so much . 
 the emergency room doctor said i 'd be able to go home in the next day or two , but my collarbone and two ribs were broken and i was bruised all over from tumbling down the stairs . 
 there was a spectacularly ugly combination of bruise and scrape covering one cheek . 
 my mother wanted me to come home with her , but i was going to tell her i 'd rather be in my own place , i decided , depending on how sore i was in the morning . 
 mother had flown into the hospital with every eyelash in place but a wild look in those fine eyes . 
 we had hugged and talked for a while , and she had even shed a few tears -lrb- certainly atypical -rrb- , but when she learned that as far as i knew my apartment was sitting wide open and , for that matter , bankston 's as well since the police were still searching it , she decided i was well enough to leave and flew off to see to safeguarding my property and the disposition of bankston 's . 
 my mother was a friend of bankston 's mother , and she was terrified of seeing mrs. waites again . 
 `` that poor woman , '' mother said . 
 `` how can she live with having raised a monster like that ? 
 the other waites children are fine people . 
 what happened ? 
 he 's known you all your life , aurora ! 
 how could he hurt you ? 
 how could he think of hurting a child ? '' 
 `` who knows ? '' 
 i said wearily . 
 `` he was having a great time , the time of his life . '' 
 i had no sympathy to spare for bankston 's mother , right now . 
 i had no extra emotion of any kind to throw around . 
 i was drained , exhausted , and in pain . 
 i had bruises and bandages galore . 
 even robin 's kiss did n't make me feel lecherous , just raised the possibility that someday i might feel that way . 
 he was picking up his jacket now , getting ready to go . 
 `` robin , '' i murmured . 
 i seemed to be drifting down into sleep . 
 he turned , and i realized that he was spent , too . 
 his tall shoulders were stooped , the crinkly mouth drooping down at the corners . 
 even his flaming hair looked limp . 
 `` you saved me , '' i said . 
 `` nah , jed crandall saved you , '' he said with an attempt at being off-hand . 
 `` i was just back-up muscle . '' 
 `` you saved me . 
 thank you . '' 
 and then i drifted down a long spiral into sleep . 
 when i woke up again the clock said 3:30 a.m. someone else was sitting in the guest chair , someone short and stocky and blond and fast asleep . 
 arthur 's head was slumped forward on his chest and he was snoring a little . 
 i 'd have to remember that . 
 my mouth was dry and my throat sore , so i reached for the cup of water on the bedside table . 
 naturally , it was just out of reach . 
 i wiggled painfully sideways , still stretching , but then arthur handed it to me . 
 `` i did n't want to wake you up , '' i told him . 
 `` i was just dozing , '' he said quietly . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` well , we found a box of - mementoes - at melanie clark 's little rented house . '' 
 `` mementoes ? '' 
 i asked with dread . 
 `` yes . 
 pictures . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i did n't want to hear more . 
 he nodded . 
 `` pretty awful . 
 they photographed mamie and the buckleys after they died . 
 and morrison pettigrue . 
 melanie made advances to him , it turns out , and she got him to get undressed that way . 
 then she killed him , and let bankston in , and they arranged him . '' 
 `` so they confessed ? '' 
 `` well , bankston did . 
 he was proud . '' 
 `` so they were n't like hindley and brady in the end . '' 
 `` no . 
 melanie tried to kill herself . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said after a moment . 
 `` oh , no . '' 
 `` we had a watch on them both , so we caught her fairly quickly . 
 she had taken off her bra and was trying to hang herself with it . '' 
 so grotesque , but at least it showed human feeling . 
 `` she was sorry , '' i said softly . 
 `` no , '' arthur said definitely . 
 sharply . 
 `` she did n't want to be separated from bankston . '' 
 there seemed to be nothing to say . 
 i handed my cup back to arthur , who put it on the beside table and automatically refilled it . 
 `` they were mad we had n't found the weapon bankston used to kill mamie wright . 
 they were sure they 'd planted it where we could n't help but find it . 
 it was a hammer they 'd stolen from lemaster cane 's garage , and it had his initials on it . 
 but as it turns out , some kids had picked it up the same night they killed her , and the kids only got scared and turned it in tonight . 
 evidently melanie and bankston were going to use the golf clubs in the future . 
 after you saw bankston carrying them into his place - he 'd just showered over at melanie 's after killing the buckleys , and he was going to get the clubs out of his car at a time when he thought no one would be out and about at the apartments - he got scared and ditched the bag , the only distinctive thing about the set , the next dark night . 
 but he kept one or two of the clubs on the off-chance he might need a weapon . 
 then you and crusoe found the briefcase ... we fell down on that one . 
 i do n't mind telling you , we wondered about crusoe for a while after that . 
 tonight i was ready to shoot him when i saw him charging into waites 's place with a shotgun , but jed crandall 's wife was running out of her gate saying , `` my husband and mr. crusoe have gone down in bankston waites 's basement to catch the murderer ! '' 
 i was half expecting to see perry allison down in that basement , standing over waites 's body , and yours , and phillip 's . '' 
 `` where is perry ? 
 does anyone know ? '' 
 it was sally 's call that had sent me running out in the dark soon enough to raise the alarm so bankston and melanie had n't a chance to get phillip away . 
 `` he 's checked himself into a mental hospital in the city , '' arthur said . 
 that was undoubtedly the place for him , but it would be hard on sally . 
 `` benjamin ? '' 
 `` we 're sending him to state psychiatric for evaluation . 
 he also confessed to several other murders we 'd definitely solved . 
 somehow finding pettigrue 's body unhinged him . '' 
 `` oh , arthur , '' i said wearily , and began to cry for so many different reasons i could n't count them . 
 arthur stuffed tissues in my hand , and after a while brought over a wet washrag and wiped my face very carefully . 
 `` i guess roller skating tomorrow night is off ? '' 
 arthur asked seriously . 
 i gaped at him in shock until i realized that arthur - of all people ! 
 - was making a joke . 
 i could n't help smiling . 
 it slid all around my face , but it was a smile . 
 `` i 've got to go back to the station , roe . 
 they 're still sorting through the stuff they found in the search , and there 's a lot we do n't know yet . 
 how bankston got mamie wright to come to the meeting early . 
 why he let melanie mail you that candy . 
 he 'd bought it for her and brought it back from some convention in st. louis . 
 but she had it in for you in a big way , and she thought you were the one who liked chocolate creams . 
 that was the stupidest crime , since the typewriter 's sitting in gerald wright 's insurance office . 
 we need to ask more questions , so we can back up these confessions with some solid evidence . 
 bankston has waived his right to have a lawyer present , but sooner or later he 's gon na regret it and that 'll be the end of the confession . 
 back to work for me . '' 
 `` okay , arthur . 
 i was glad to see you come down the stairs tonight . '' 
 `` i was glad to see you alive . '' 
 `` it was close . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 then he bent over and kissed me , and i thought i was getting to be quite a hussy . 
 `` i 'll be back tomorrow , '' he promised , and then he was gone , and for the first time in forever i was alone . 
 i was exhausted to the bone , but i could not sleep . 
 i was afraid to close my eyes . 
 i turned on the television to cnn , to find that i was on it . 
 they were using a picture i 'd had made when i joined the library staff . 
 i looked impossibly sweet and young . 
 i was on the news . 
 i 'd be in the books when this case joined others in accounts of true murder cases . 
 i had seen real murderers and i had almost been really murdered . 
 that was something to ponder . 
 i flicked the remote control to off . 
 i thought of bankston and melanie coming into the vfw hall that night , disappointed to see me , maybe , since they expected i would have received and eaten the chocolate by that time . 
 and i could see them waiting , waiting , for someone there to go looking for mamie wright . 
 i remembered how fresh from the shower bankston had looked when he was carrying in the stolen golf bag the day the buckleys had been slaughtered . 
 he 'd been so shiny and clean ... i had never , never suspected him . 
 i heard melanie 's voice as she 'd said , `` i 've always wanted to do this , '' and kicked me . 
 it was too close , too recent , i 'd been frightened too deeply . 
 of course , this had n't turned out to be a real puzzler , like the 1928 intrafamilial poisonings in croyden , england , unsolved to this day . 
 was mrs. duff guilty ? 
 ... or could it have been ... i drifted away in sleep . 
