 chapter one i am sitting with a friend at a coffee shop . 
 we do this every afternoon and i enjoy the routine . 
 in general , we do n't say much , and i enjoy that , too . 
 today is no different . 
 we are sitting together under a wide umbrella near the beverly center in beverly hills at my favorite outdoor cafe , the coffee bean . 
 i like the bean . 
 here , they use vanilla powder instead of syrup ; the powder adds just enough texture to the drink to give it some added density and grit . 
 i like that . 
 the day is hot and the sun has found a small patch of my exposed arm . 
 my skin is burning in the direct glare , but i do not move my arm . 
 i let my flesh burn slowly because i do not care about such things anymore . 
 it 's just a sunburned arm , after all . 
 i have bigger fish to fry , so to speak . 
 my friend , numilekunoluwa , or numi , looks up from the journal he 's writing in , one where he jots down random thoughts , impressions , and observations . 
 this journal is his life and he goes through many such booklets each year . 
 such constant writing looks like a lot of work to me . 
 i do n't have the strength for such work . 
 i barely have the strength to sit here in my chair without toppling over . 
 `` eddie wants to see you , '' says numi in his strong nigerian accent . 
 `` he says he wants to talk to you about something important . '' 
 i nod and turn back to my arm , where i can see my skin now noticeably reddening . 
 i open and flex my hand , spreading my fingers wide . 
 my hand appears incandescent in the splash of sunlight . 
 bluish veins glow like neon tubes just beneath the surface of my skin . 
 i try to make a fist , but i 'm too weak to do even that . 
 `` do n't you even want to know why he wants to see you , man ? '' 
 asks numi . 
 he sets down his pen , which for him is serious business . 
 it means his journal will wait . 
 `` to say good-bye , i assume , '' i say . 
 `` you assume incorrectly , cowboy . 
 he wants to hire you . '' 
 `` hire me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` he has a job for you , boss . '' 
 `` you 're joking . '' 
 he laces his fingers over his notepad and levels his considerable stare at me . 
 his eyes are piercingly white against his rich black skin . 
 `` do i look like i 'm joking , kemosabe ? '' 
 `` if by joking you mean looking scary as hell , then yes . '' 
 `` is that another reference to my beautiful black skin ? '' 
 `` you mean your terrifyingly black skin . '' 
 numi shakes his head and grins . 
 `` do you want to hear about the job or not ? '' 
 a hot wind ruffles the canvas umbrella above us , rocking the metal pipe in the center hole of the glass table . 
 someone had shoved a piece of paper between the pipe and the table , perhaps to keep it from clanging . 
 i reach over and remove the piece of paper . 
 my detective 's curiosity still alive , i begin unfolding it . 
 there is nothing written on it . 
 `` eddie knows i 'm sick , '' i say . 
 the fact that eddie has n't bothered to see me in two years is a source of some hurt for me . 
 numi unlaces his fingers and eases back in his chair . 
 his iced coffee sits in front of him , forgotten and pooling condensation . 
 numi looks away when he says , `` i told him he should speak with you anyway , cowboy . '' 
 i am about to sit forward until i realize that sitting forward takes more effort than i 'm willing to give . 
 so , i stay back in my bamboo chair and say , `` why would you tell him that ? '' 
 numi continues not looking at me . 
 he has taken my illness hardest of all . 
 no surprise there . 
 `` because you 're the only one who can help him , man , and you ai n't dead yet . '' 
 it 's not that numi forgets i 'm sick . 
 it 's not that he forgets that i 've been diagnosed with an incurable aids-related cancer that has spread to my lungs . 
 it 's not that eight months ago , i was given six months to live and that i 'm now living on borrowed time . 
 it 's that my old friend is in some serious denial , and he only wishes it was a damn river in egypt . 
 `` true , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm not dead yet . '' 
 i look at my coffee in front of me and i want to reach for it , but my shoulder hurts so much that i do n't want to move . 
 all i want to do is sit there and close my eyes and feel the hot sun on my arm . 
 i have no business being up and about . 
 the doc had insisted i stay in bed . 
 but i figure if i 'm gon na die , i might as well do it with a latte in my hand . 
 `` just talk to him , cowboy . '' 
 i look at numi and he suddenly grins broadly , showing a blindingly white row of tiny bottom teeth . 
 i know this smile . 
 it is a new smile meant for me , created for me . 
 it 's a little too big , too unnatural , too patronizing , too euphoric . 
 it is a smile that numi gives only me when he 's willing my world to be safe . 
 as if my african friend can will away my sickness with his bright smile . 
 i wish he could . 
 he has given it his best shot . 
 i take in some air , which rattles around in my chest . 
 `` help him , how ? '' 
 numi thinks it 's his smile that has willed me forward , and so he flashes it again , and this time reaches out and takes my hand . 
 numi is gay , and i am not . 
 lately , he has taken my hand a lot and i have let him . 
 mostly , i do not have the strength to pull it away . 
 and truth be known , i appreciate his comforting touch . 
 he is the only one who touches me , outside of the prodding and poking of doctors . 
 instinctively , i want to pull away , but i do n't . 
 he squeezes my hand and his touch alone , his very strong touch , gives me a jolt of strength . 
 numi says , `` someone close to him is missing . '' 
 now , i do pull my hand away and sit up . 
 the effort alone causes a wave of dizziness that nearly overwhelms me . 
 i feel myself swaying in my chair and i nearly vomit , but i fight through it . 
 after all , this is what i did years ago , before the sickness . 
 before i was diagnosed with aids . 
 before the cancer . 
 before all of that , i found those who were missing . 
 i found them , one way or another . 
 dead or alive . 
 `` who 's missing ? '' 
 i ask . 
 numi shakes his head and then flicks his eyes over my shoulder . 
 `` i do n't know , man , but he 's coming now . 
 he can tell you . '' 
 chapter two a moment later , eddie comes around and stands in front of me and looks down at me as he might a dying grandfather . 
 his lips are pressed together and he 's sort of smiling , but sort of not . 
 he 's happy , it seems , to see me again , but clearly sad to see me in this current dilapidated state . 
 mostly he 's unsure of how to react to me . 
 i 'm used to it . 
 he 's also a little standoffish , which i 've also grown used to . 
 someone who 's dying of aids does n't elicit a lot of physical contact , although that does n't seem to stop numi . 
 nothing stops numi-at least , not when it comes to me . 
 eddie settles for a gesture i 'm used to . 
 the gentle shoulder pat . 
 i 'm so used to the gesture that i barely notice it anymore , or let it bother me . 
 where once my close friends hugged me , they now pat me on the shoulder . 
 and handshakes are nonexistent . 
 it is my reality . 
 i accept it . 
 numi does n't accept it . 
 eddie 's little gesture bugs my nigerian friend . 
 i can see it in his alert eyes . 
 he wishes people would treat me the same . 
 sometimes , he insists on it . 
 but lately , he has eased up on people . 
 insisting that people act a certain way generally causes conflict . 
 people do not want to be told how to act , especially towards someone with an infectious disease . 
 eddie sits opposite me , next to numi . 
 i try not to think that he 's sitting as far away from me as possible , but i suspect he is . 
 such thoughts get me nowhere . 
 such thoughts remind me that i 'm less than human , unworthy of contact or love or compassion . 
 sympathy maybe . 
 distant sympathy . 
 do you blame them ? 
 i think again for perhaps the thousandth time . 
 they value their lives . 
 contact with a diseased man is n't valuing their lives , now is it ? 
 it 's putting themselves at risk , or so they think . 
 wrong or not , i get it , and so i sigh as eddie gestures awkwardly towards me . 
 he opens his mouth to speak but nothing comes out . 
 his hand sort of flops around like something dying on a hook . 
 finally , he drops it to the table , unsure of what to do with it or himself or what to say to me . 
 so i help a brother out . 
 `` eddie , i have aids . 
 full-blown fucking aids with a lung cancer chaser . 
 i 'm as good as dead . 
 so stop behaving like a scared dick . 
 i do n't have time for dicks . 
 just be real . '' 
 he nods . 
 we 've known each other since high school , where he and i had been close friends . 
 eddie went on to marry his high-school sweetheart , olivia , a girl who had been my sweetheart as well . 
 secretly , of course . 
 eddie and i had met olivia on the same night . 
 we both liked her , although i suspected that i liked her more . 
 as i had been working up the courage to go talk to her , eddie had beat me to the punch . 
 i had hated him for that at the time , but went on to accept it . 
 eddie and olivia hit it off , although once , when she had been drinking , olivia admitted to me privately that she wished i had asked her out instead of eddie . 
 my connection with olivia would carry on into our adult lives . 
 a sweet connection really , since we never acted inappropriately . 
 still , more than once we had discussed what life might have been like if the two of us had gotten together . 
 it was a sweet thought , and often i caught her looking at me sadly . 
 eddie , i think , caught us looking at each other as well , but said nothing . 
 now eddie looks sheepish and finally says , `` i 'm sorry this happened to you . '' 
 `` so am i. '' `` i should have come by more often . '' 
 numi , who is sitting perfectly still with his hands folded in his lap , says , `` by more often you mean never one time ? '' 
 numi and eddie have never liked each other . 
 numi had always thought eddie was an asshole . 
 probably because eddie made it a habit to cheat on olivia . 
 and numi knew of my fondness for olivia . 
 eddie looks at numi long and hard . 
 numi continues staring forward , hands resting comfortably in his lap . 
 he literally does n't move a muscle . 
 finally , eddie looks back at me . 
 `` i just did n't know what to say , you know ? '' 
 i nod . 
 this is coming from my closest high school friend . 
 a guy i had spent most of my youth with . 
 hell , i had been his best man , watching him as he married a girl i knew i had feelings for . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i say as numi frowns . 
 `` you 've been busy . '' 
 i know i 'm making excuses for eddie ; i 've done this for most of my life . 
 eddie was always getting into trouble , and getting me into trouble as well . 
 i also know that most people are n't so busy that they ca n't take a few minutes to visit a dying friend . 
 but i 'm not here to make people hate themselves . 
 i do enough self-hating for everyone . 
 `` no , man . 
 i 'm unemployed again . 
 i have no excuse . 
 i do n't know what to say . '' 
 i like that about eddie . 
 he can be real and honest . 
 most of my friends are honest . 
 it 's a trait i look for in friends . 
 if you 're dishonest , then beat it . 
 who needs you , right ? 
 anyway , eddie is growing a goatee and i see a tattoo hiding under his short sleeve . 
 i wonder about both , especially the tattoo . 
 i try to grasp its meaning : two vertical lines topped with a horizontal one , kind of like a capital t but the two lines make it plain it is a symbol of some sort . 
 the horizontal top is curved a little . 
 maybe it 's his name in chinese or sanskrit or who the hell knows . 
 i figure eddie is going through some kind of midlife crisis with the tat and goatee . 
 `` you do n't have to say anything . '' 
 `` look , i 'm an asshole . 
 i 'm the worst fucking friend . '' 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 he does n't need to be down on himself . 
 his reaction is normal , after all . 
 i did n't expect any more , or any less . 
 `` you 're not an asshole . '' 
 numi makes the smallest movement of his head to indicate that he disagrees with me . 
 i ignore numi . 
 eddie does n't notice . 
 he says , `` a friend of mine , a good friend of mine is ... '' `` dying , '' i say . 
 `` yeah , that . 
 and i do n't even have the balls to see him . '' 
 `` you do have little balls , '' i say . 
 it is part of our humor . 
 my balls are big , his balls are small , and vice versa . 
 har , har . 
 it 's what guys do . 
 simple creatures we are . 
 but eddie is n't up to my playful ribbing . 
 i 'm barely up to it myself . 
 that joke took a lot of energy . 
 he says , `` how ... how did this happen ? '' 
 `` how did i get aids ? '' 
 he nods and shrugs a little . 
 even mentioning the word makes him clearly uncomfortable . 
 more so , i see that he 's embarrassed that others might have overheard us . 
 numi misses nothing . 
 he sees eddie 's embarrassment and frowns even more . 
 `` i had a steady girl , '' i say . 
 `` she had it and did n't know it . 
 a few weeks into our little relationship , the condom came off and never went back on . 
 we saw each other on and off for a few months . 
 months that were filled with lots of sex . 
 she had some random blood work done , and the results came back . 
 she had it , and now i have it , too . '' 
 eddie turns a little pale . 
 i avoid using the word `` aids '' for his benefit . 
 he says , `` but i thought , you know , guys did n't really get it from girls . '' 
 `` not common , certainly , but there are times when it 's not safe to have sex with a woman . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` her period . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` bingo . '' 
 `` jesus . '' 
 `` it happens , '' i say . 
 `` it 's in the blood . 
 i must have been chafed at the time . 
 like i said , too much sex . '' 
 `` but i thought aids was , you know , treatable these days . 
 you know , magic johnson and all . '' 
 `` sure , '' i say . 
 `` except when it 's not . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` neither do the doctors . 
 not really . 
 it 's called aids-related cancer , and the connection is not completely understood , but the link probably depends on a weakened immune system . 
 had i just had aids , i would probably beat it . 
 my aids was the prelude to my cancer . '' 
 `` and having aids ... '' `` there 's no fighting the cancer , '' i say . 
 `` although we tried . '' 
 months of radiation had proved fruitless . 
 it had only proven to weaken me more . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' says eddie . 
 `` i 'm sorry , too . '' 
 we 're both silent . 
 numi 's silent , too , but he does n't count . 
 he 's usually silent , especially when eddie 's around . 
 numi , i think , was glad that eddie disappeared . 
 showed his true colors , as numi tells me . 
 i watch a small , fat bird nibble on some fattening crumbs . 
 `` do you still see her ? '' 
 eddie asks me . 
 `` the girl who gave me hiv ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` she lives with her family in montana . 
 last i heard , she 's living a fairly normal life , just with hiv . '' 
 what i do n't tell eddie is that she does n't talk to me , which i find hard to believe . 
 she 's ruined me , but i 'm not worthy of a phone call ? 
 she did n't ruin you , asshole . 
 i know this . 
 i have to take ownership of this . 
 it 's one of the hardest things i 've ever had to do : taking responsibility for my aids . 
 a hundred times a day , i 'd wish i 'd never met her , i 'd wish i 'd never pressed for sex , i 'd wish i 'd never developed a relationship with her , i 'd wish the condoms had stayed on , i 'd wish i had n't been so reckless . 
 i 'd wished for a lot of things . 
 now i wish for nothing . 
 that 's the funny thing when you 're given a few months to live . 
 you quit wishing . 
 you quit hoping . 
 you quit dreaming . 
 there 's not enough time for dreams to come true , and if they did , there is n't enough time to enjoy them . 
 dreams are dead for me . 
 hope is dead . 
 all i want is my morning latte . 
 the day is n't half over and i 'm already losing my strength . 
 i need to sleep , and badly . 
 a week ago , i could make it until evening . 
 at this rate , i will soon not be able to even get out of bed . 
 numi sees this . 
 numi sees everything . 
 he 's always watching me , studying me , monitoring me . 
 in numi 's eyes , eddie is wasting my time and energy , neither of which i have in spades . 
 although numi has okayed this meeting for reasons i still do not comprehend , numi does n't like the way things are progressing . 
 i know this , because i know numi , too . 
 as well as he knows me . 
 `` what do you need , eddie ? '' 
 asks numi . 
 eddie looks at him , blinks , and realizes for the first time that when you talk to me , you also talk to numi . 
 eddie looks back at me , and seems to size me up again . 
 i ca n't imagine what he 's thinking , but it ca n't be good . 
 `` maybe this is a bad idea , '' he says . 
 `` the man is on borrowed time , '' says numi , leaning forward . 
 `` maybe we can waste a little more of it ? '' 
 eddie is a smart guy and gets numi 's drift : get to the point or get the hell out of here . 
 `` right , sorry . 
 shit . 
 i would n't be here if i did n't need your help , jimmy . 
 wait , that did n't come out right . 
 i mean , i should have been here anyway . 
 i 'm a shitty friend . '' 
 he is a shitty friend , but i do n't kick a man when he 's down . 
 i look over at numi , a very un-shitty friend . 
 numi is sitting back again , eyes half-closed , looking somewhere beyond the table and into eternity , for all i know . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i say . 
 my friend is acting strange . 
 my friend is generally the picture of cool . 
 or , at least , that 's what he always projected in the past . 
 now , not so much . 
 his eyes seem unhinged , moving around in his skull like a compass going apeshit . 
 he 's having trouble focusing on any one thing . 
 he runs his fingers through his greasy hair . 
 i 've never known eddie to have greasy hair . 
 the eddie i remember cared a lot about his looks . 
 too much , perhaps . 
 his knee is bouncing , too . 
 i figure eddie is either on something or something 's really wrong . 
 he finally nods to himself , looks down . 
 then he closes his eyes , which is probably a good idea since he ca n't seem to focus on anything longer than a nanosecond . 
 he takes in some air , holds it , and then says , `` olivia 's missing . '' 
 i sit forward . 
 or try to . 
 my sitting forward consists of a minor tremor that runs through my body , followed by virtually no movement at all . 
 sitting forward , or other such wasted movements , is a luxury for the healthy . 
 even though i have not seen olivia since my disease reared its ugly head , she had kept in touch with me via text or e-mail or even facebook . 
 whether or not eddie knew we kept in touch , i did n't know or care . 
 the e-mail exchanges were light and frivolous , rarely touching on anything heavy , other than she missed seeing me and was sorry i was going through what i was going through . 
 her concern seemed genuine , and i always appreciated hearing from her . 
 i knew she cared about me and she knew i cared about her . 
 that she never stopped by to see me was , i figured , more eddie 's doing than hers . 
 `` what do you mean by missing ? '' 
 i finally ask . 
 eddie looks from me to numi and says , `` it means i have n't seen or heard from her in almost forty-eight hours . '' 
 chapter three `` what happened between you two in the forty-eight hours just before olivia disappeared ? '' 
 i ask . 
 this information is important to any missing person investigation . 
 i squelch down my sense of panic that olivia is missing and turn on my private-eye persona . 
 i give him my most serious no-bullshit glare . 
 he looks away . 
 `` remember my friend jewel ? '' 
 i do . 
 i also remember that eddie had cheated on olivia with jewel ... on more than one occasion . 
 how and why olivia stays with him , i still do n't entirely know . 
 but she has . 
 `` i remember jewel , '' i say evenly . 
 my skin is burning now , actually reddening . 
 still , i do n't move my arm . 
 the burning makes me feel alive , and , for all i know , this might be my last sunburn . 
 numi stares impassively forward , but his attention is still on me , even if he is n't looking directly at me . 
 he is like a dog who keeps its ears directed towards its owner , ever alert for walks or treats or both . 
 if i should make any movement , numi 's eyes will snap around to me . 
 so i make no movement . 
 no indication that the sun is burning me . 
 numi would adjust the umbrella , or insist we sit inside . 
 i enjoy the burning . 
 i enjoy it more than i should . 
 a small wind blows over us , although i am perhaps the only one who feels it . 
 i close my eyes for a few seconds and feel the sun and i briefly feel more connected to the earth than i ever have . 
 i relish these small moments . 
 i wish i had relished them more when i was n't living on borrowed time . 
 my private-eye instincts kick into high gear , and so i ask , `` what does jewel have to do with olivia 's disappearance ? '' 
 eddie answers casually , as if he is talking about the weather , `` two weeks ago , jewel committed suicide . '' 
 the words hit me like a gut punch . 
 even numi turns his head slightly to regard eddie . 
 for the stoic nigerian , this is akin to a cartoonish double take . 
 `` what do the police say ? '' 
 i ask when i 'm over the shock . 
 i look at eddie 's face for signs of grief that his on-again , off-again mistress took her own life . 
 he dips his head away from my intent gaze and when he lifts it again , his expression is neutral . 
 `` i have n't mentioned jewel 's suicide to the police yet . '' 
 this surprises me . 
 i have to wait a second or two to find the energy for my next question . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 eddie takes in a lot of air and leans forward . 
 i can tell he does n't like leaning forward . 
 leaning forward puts him just that much closer to me . 
 he lowers his voice when he speaks , `` lately ... olivia 's been pretty vocal about me not seeing jewel anymore , even as friends . '' 
 `` do you blame her ? '' 
 my question has a double meaning but he does n't catch it . 
 eddie shrugs . 
 he does n't like talking about it . 
 i honestly think eddie thinks cheating is n't a big deal . 
 god , how was i ever even friends with him ? 
 maybe it is a godsend that he 's not in my life anymore . 
 he says , `` i guess not . '' 
 `` had you been cheating with her ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not for a few years . '' 
 `` so , what prompted olivia 's change of heart ? '' 
 `` i really do n't know . '' 
 i wait . 
 there 's more to the story , i can tell . 
 numi waits , too . 
 numi can outwait a polar shift . 
 eddie 's knee continues to bounce . 
 perhaps faster than before . 
 finally , he adds , `` well , maybe jewel and i had been hanging out more often than usual . '' 
 i know eddie well enough to guess , but i ask anyway , `` did you sleep with her ? '' 
 eddie shrugs , clearly a defensive gesture that i had n't known about my friend . 
 perhaps a new defensive gesture . 
 perhaps now he had something to be defensive about . 
 `` yeah , i did . '' 
 `` did olivia find out ? '' 
 `` i 'm thinking she did . '' 
 `` but you do n't know for sure ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she never mentioned anything . '' 
 `` do you think olivia killed jewel , that it was n't a suicide ? '' 
 eddie shrugs and seems to consider this for the first time . 
 his knee stops bouncing . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't know anything , jimmy . 
 that 's why i 'm here . '' 
 i nod , or i think i nod . 
 `` so what do you want me to do ? '' 
 `` help me find olivia . 
 it 's not like her to be gone so long , or for me not to hear from her . '' 
 i know olivia has left jimmy before . 
 i know this because on one such occasion she stayed with me . 
 eddie had n't liked that , but eddie did n't have a choice . 
 i had been a perfect gentleman during her stay , but olivia and i had , once again , shared some quiet moments together . 
 i think about my words carefully before i say , `` do you think there 's a possibility that olivia left you because you 're a lying , cheating scumbag ? '' 
 eddie looks up sharply . 
 `` that 's a shitty thing to say . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i say . 
 `` but these days i speak my mind . 
 i figure what 's the point in holding back ? '' 
 `` well , it 's still shitty of you to say it like that . 
 even if you 're right , why would she leave now ? 
 jewel 's dead . 
 cheating on olivia with her is moot . '' 
 `` maybe she 's had enough of your shit , eddie . 
 maybe she sees herself ending up like jewel . 
 i do n't know , but i do know one thing . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she deserves better than you . '' 
 eddie rises to his feet , chair scraping back . 
 i do n't know what he intends to do , but he does n't get far . 
 numi grabs eddie by the forearm . 
 numi makes no other movement . 
 hell , even his eyes are still half-closed as he stares ahead . 
 he looks , if anything , bored . 
 it 's a well-cultivated illusion . 
 numi , i know , sees everything . 
 `` sit down , cowboy , '' he says . 
 eddie does n't like to be grabbed , and he does n't like numi , either . 
 i see him look away and contemplate leaving . 
 if he leaves now i know i will never see my friend again , and perhaps i will never see olivia again either . 
 i had always assumed i would see her at least one more time . 
 at least , i want to see her again to say good-bye . 
 `` i probably should n't have said what i said , eddie , but you know how i feel about you cheating on her . '' 
 `` because you love her . '' 
 `` because i care about her , '' i correct . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 he does n't sit immediately , and numi has n't released him either . 
 finally , he shrugs off my nigerian friend and sits again , folding his arms over his chest . 
 `` good , '' i say . 
 `` who saw her last ? '' 
 `` the friend she was staying with . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` almost two days ago . 
 she told a friend she was going to take a hike in elysian park . '' 
 `` when did she leave you ? '' 
 he thinks about it . 
 `` eight days ago . '' 
 `` she had been with her friend the entire time ? '' 
 `` yes , as far as i know . '' 
 `` what 's her friend 's name ? '' 
 `` karen fitch . '' 
 `` do you know where she lives ? '' 
 `` yes , in echo park . 
 i can get the address for you . '' 
 he lapses into silence and so do i. all of us know that elysian park is where my brother disappeared some twenty-two years ago . 
 my brother was nine years old . 
 eddie must have told numi this , which is why numi allowed eddie to see me . 
 numi , my watchdog . 
 i think my face might have twitched , but i try to keep it together when i ask , `` did she go alone ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 eddie is watching my face carefully . 
 he knows how closely this is hitting me . 
 too damn closely . 
 i count back two days . 
 that would have been july 5 . 
 if she had gone to elysian park on the fourth , i would have understood . 
 people hiked and picnicked there to watch the fireworks at dodger stadium . 
 i have done so a few times myself . 
 back in another lifetime . 
 `` did she hike there often ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the question spills out before i can correct it . 
 i 'm already using the past tense for olivia . 
 that gut feeling . 
 `` yes ... she loves to hike . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` i have n't seen her in two years , eddie . 
 i 'm not sure what she likes anymore . '' 
 eddie just nods . 
 i can tell he 's reminding himself what a shitty friend he has been . 
 i wonder if eddie knows that olivia and i had been facebook friends . 
 i chide myself for thinking in the past tense again . 
 i nod to numi . 
 my friend picks up his notebook and pen . 
 i ask eddie a few brief questions . 
 numi begins writing . 
 eddie answers my questions as numi takes notes for me . 
 when i 've gotten the most i can out of eddie , i lapse into silence . 
 i 'm completely spent . 
 more than spent . 
 i 'm nearly catatonic . 
 `` meeting 's over , '' says numi . 
 `` what ? '' 
 says eddie , startled . 
 `` just like that ? '' 
 `` just like that , '' says numi . 
 `` the man needs to rest . '' 
 eddie looks at me and i nod , or try to nod . 
 he gets it . 
 as he stands he says , `` help me find her , jimmy . 
 i do n't know who else to turn to . '' 
 `` i will , '' i say , and mean it . 
 eddie considers shaking my hand , decides against it . 
 he settles for a half nod and says , `` i 'm sorry this happened to you , jimmy . '' 
 `` so am i. '' he 's about to say something else , scratches it , then turns and walks away . 
 numi watches him go , then looks at me , then at my reddening arm . 
 he makes a small , disapproving sound . 
 he moves over and adjusts the umbrella above us so that the shade now falls across my forearm . 
 chapter four i 'm stretched out on my couch in my apartment in los feliz , which is a trendy , hilly district above hollywood . 
 i never pronounce los feliz correctly . 
 three years in this place and i still sometimes screw it up . 
 there 's the gringo way and the spanish way , except i can never remember which is which . 
 then again , i 've got bigger fish to fry . 
 numi has come and gone , having already helped me over to my couch . 
 without his help , i might still be back at the coffee bean , slowly burning alive and hopped up on lattes . 
 most of my life i 've been uncomfortable touching other men . 
 hell , i 've even been uncomfortable getting too close to women , too , which is the reason i 'm alone to this day , but that 's a whole other issue . 
 mostly , i am uncomfortable receiving help from anyone . 
 my disease has changed all that , of course . 
 now i am forced to receive help . 
 to rely on another person . 
 to rely on a man . 
 a gay man , no less . 
 but i 've drawn the line at help in the bathroom . 
 i tell numi that if i fall over on the toilet then i guess i 'm just meant to die on the toilet . 
 numi just shakes his head . 
 that he would help me in the bathroom blows my mind . 
 what friend would do that ? 
 numi would . 
 still , it 's just too much for me to handle . 
 i 'm already uncomfortable enough as it is . 
 twice , i have fallen in the bathroom . 
 once , i knocked myself out , hitting my head on the doorjamb . 
 hours later , i awakened in a pool of my own blood . 
 i never told numi about it , and luckily , my hair hid the goose egg . 
 i just might die in the bathroom after all . 
 anyway , numi places the remote control on the coffee table next to me , along with my cell phone , my kindle , and a bottled water . 
 he tells me he will check on me in a few hours , stands briefly at the door , watches me silently , and then leaves . 
 i have mixed emotions about numi . 
 he is a good friend-of that there is no doubt . 
 that he overly fusses over me , there is no doubt of that , either . 
 his homosexuality never bothers me , but it is in my thoughts . 
 i sometimes wonder if there is more to why he helps me so much . 
 i wonder if he likes me in a different way , perhaps more than just friends . 
 whether or not he does should n't matter . 
 but it does matter , and it makes me keep him at arm 's length . 
 it is also , i suspect , the reason i snap at him sometimes . 
 whether or not i hurt him with my snapping , i do n't know . 
 but i suspect i do . 
 i try to not do it . 
 i try to be a better person , and then i remember i am dying and i do n't care if i am a better person . 
 after all , what does it matter if i grow as a person if i 'm going to die soon ? 
 still , i do n't want to hurt numi , but i hate that i need his help . 
 i think these thoughts as i rest my eyes , suddenly aware that numi has also tucked a blanket around me . 
 i do n't remember him tucking a blanket around me . 
 sometimes my mind leaves me . 
 i ca n't explain it entirely . 
 sometimes i 'm here , but then sometimes i 'm not . 
 my thoughts are often scattered and hard to nail down . 
 i feel like death will occur when my thoughts are so scattered that my mind never returns . 
 it is a scary thought , but a real one . 
 i try not to think about it too much . 
 a part of me wants to sit up and read , or turn on the tv , or do anything other than just lie here , but moving does n't even seem to be an option . 
 if numi were here , i would ask him to turn on the tv . 
 he 's not here , though . 
 i want him here , but i do n't want him here . 
 my sickness forces me to grow closer to numi . 
 i do n't want to grow closer to him . 
 i like our comfortable distance . 
 there is no comfortable distance anymore , not when he 's putting on my seat belt for me . 
 when my eyes close , the chaotic images come . 
 the chaotic images worry me . 
 mostly they do n't make sense . 
 sometimes i will see snatches of something that does make sense , only to watch it quickly morph into something incomprehensible . 
 i am certain i am losing my mind . 
 as i watch something that starts out as an octopus , only to morph into balls of light and then streaks of colors , i try to sleep . 
 i try not to think that death might really just be losing one 's mind forever . 
 so scattered that it never comes back . 
 i know i am close to death because whenever i lay back and close my eyes , i never , ever want to sit up again . 
 or open my eyes again . 
 and as i lie there , i can feel the cancer in my lungs , eating away at me . 
 with thoughts of death , losing my mind , and disease , it 's no wonder i ca n't sleep . 
 and as i lie there and flit in and out of consciousness , waiting for death , waiting for numi , wanting to be alone , but not wanting to die alone , my cell phone rings from somewhere . 
 it sounds far away , and the ringing somehow merges with the chaotic images in my thoughts . 
 i know that the ringing is coming from my cell phone , but i do n't care . 
 i do n't even care that my mind seems broken and scattered and gone . 
 i especially do n't care about my dying body . 
 but i do care how good it feels to rest . 
 so nice , i think . 
 so nice ... sometimes the swirling images , the indescribable prisms of lights , morph into people . 
 but often just one . 
 usually this person seems to be standing nearby , often in the corner of this very room , watching me . 
 i 've even gone as far as to open my eyes to catch whoever is in the room with me , but no one is there . 
 i 've made it all up . 
 my dying mind has made it all up . 
 sometimes i call out to numi , expecting to find my friend in the room with me , but he 's not there . 
 i 'm all alone with my scattered , incoherent thoughts . 
 dying is the ultimate hallucinogen . 
 the final hallucinogen . 
 but now , as the phone continues to ring , one of these bright beings of light steps forward . 
 the blazing white image is someone i recognize . 
 someone i 've grown quite fond of . 
 it is olivia , eddie 's missing wife . 
 she has beautiful black hair that 's oddly translucent in the light . 
 she does not smile and i see why : her mouth is bloody . 
 so is her neck . 
 her neck , i see , has a deep gash that has opened down to her throat . 
 if i look hard enough , i can see inside her throat . 
 sweet jesus . 
 i gasp and sit up , and the vision is gone instantly . 
 i scan the room wildly , but i 'm alone . 
 late afternoon sunlight splashes across my apartment living room . 
 i blink hard . 
 olivia , complete with her open neck , had been standing right here in the light . 
 my phone is still ringing . 
 numi had set my phone to ring nearly a dozen times before it goes to voice mail . 
 he wants me to have the extra time needed to get to it . 
 what numi wants , he gets . 
 still looking around , shaken by the bloody image of olivia , i reach for the phone and swipe it on . 
 i do n't bother to see who 's calling . 
 hell , it 's all i can do not to drop the damn thing . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i say . 
 or i think i say . 
 my mind is n't entirely here . 
 `` jimmy , '' says a vaguely familiar voice . 
 `` they found her . '' 
 chapter five `` who is this ? '' 
 i ask , slurring my words . 
 `` found who ? '' 
 `` it 's eddie . 
 they found olivia . '' 
 `` she 's all right ? '' 
 i ask , although i already know the answer . 
 `` no . 
 she 's not all right , '' he says . 
 i sit up on the couch , now fully in the moment . 
 my scattered thoughts seem to retract back , like an explosion played in reverse . 
 i 'm here in the present , which means my earlier conversation with eddie has n't been a dream after all . 
 these days , reality and dreams are difficult to differentiate . 
 the vision ... `` where did they find her ? '' 
 i hear myself ask . 
 i can feel bile rising in my throat . 
 `` laurel canyon . '' 
 if he says something else , i do n't hear it . 
 i hear nothing past the words `` laurel canyon . '' 
 i discover i 'm now sitting up and sucking in air . 
 not related , i think . 
 impossible . 
 laurel canyon holds a special interest for me . 
 what was found in laurel canyon would change my life forever . 
 i take in more air . 
 i want to stand and pace but i do n't have the energy for it . 
 so , i breathe and keep breathing until i calm down . 
 of course they 're not related , i think . 
 how could two crimes that span twenty-two years be related ? 
 dust motes flit in and out of the streaming early evening sunlight where olivia had recently stood , at least in my vision . 
 olivia with her bloody throat . 
 for some reason , i look down and i am surprised at how shrunken my chest looks . 
 i 've easily lost seventy-five pounds over the past two years . 
 `` some hikers found her , '' says eddie . 
 his voice sounds distant and hollow . 
 `` when did they find her ? '' 
 i ask after a few seconds . 
 `` not too long ago , i guess . 
 her purse was with her . 
 detectives were just here at my place . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , eddie . '' 
 `` i just spent the past few hours answering their questions . 
 they did n't say it , but i could tell they think i did it . '' 
 i say nothing . 
 truth be known , i 'm still not convinced i 'm not dreaming . 
 this whole conversation seems too surreal , especially when combined with my recent dream . 
 `` how did she die ? '' 
 i ask tentatively , dreading the details . 
 `` jimmy , '' says eddie urgently , `` someone slit her throat and dumped her body . '' 
 now something inside me goes ice-cold . 
 my blood maybe . 
 my spine , something . 
 and as i sit there holding my cell , looking at the streaming sunlight , my friend weeps into the phone . 
 chapter six i 'm sitting in a conference room in the north hollywood police station of the lapd . 
 i 'd never been in the conference room . 
 normally , when i meet with detective dobbs , we do so in his office . 
 this is n't his office . 
 so i wait . 
 and while i wait , i watch numi through the open door . 
 he is sitting on a wooden bench with his head tilted back against the cement wall behind him . 
 his eyes are half-closed , although i know he 's watching me , too . 
 he has positioned himself in such a way that he can keep his eyes on me . 
 always on me . 
 what did i do to deserve his friendship ? 
 his loyalty ? 
 i have no clue . 
 to be honest , i 'm an asshole to him . 
 in general , i snap at him . 
 when i 'm not snapping at him , i 'm grumpy as hell . 
 dying is a bitch , and i let him know it . 
 every day numi experiences the brunt of my self-hatred . 
 i watch him some more as i wait . 
 he sits there alone on the bench , his long legs stretched before him , his hands folded over his flat stomach . 
 his hands are very dark , his palms , not so much . 
 i can see his pink fingernails from here . 
 his hands are clasped loosely and comfortably and , looking at him , one gets the feeling he could sit like that for hours . 
 numi is an artist . 
 and a successful one , too . 
 he primarily sells his paintings in his own gallery on the sunset strip , nestled between all the famous nightclubs . 
 how he secured that spot is anyone 's guess , but the location drives a lot of business inside his little gallery , and he moves a lot of paintings . 
 these past few months-and , really , these past two years-he has mostly shut down his creativity to be with me . 
 sure , the gallery is still open , but he has n't painted anything in many months . 
 his attention has been on me . 
 which makes me feel like shit . 
 his talents are going to waste because i could n't control myself . 
 i beg him to work , but he simply shakes his head and says the paintings will always be waiting for him . 
 and i get his implication : the paintings will always be there . 
 me , not so much . 
 i met numi during one of my investigations years ago . 
 eight years ago , in fact . 
 the stoic nigerian had witnessed a fatal car accident . 
 i had been hired by the widow 's attorney to investigate the case . 
 numi was on my list of investigatees . 
 we met in his gallery after one of his exhibit openings . 
 he made me buy a painting before he would talk to me . 
 i did , and it still hangs on the wall in my living room to this day , the conniving bastard . 
 still , i like his style and his view of the world . 
 masterful , i would say . 
 back in the day , when i had been the picture of health , numi had been less stoic and contemplative . 
 numi had even been outgoing and passionate about everything , two qualities that were reflected in his compelling art . 
 in fact , once or twice he had even been known to laugh . 
 we hit it off immediately . 
 i knew he was gay from the beginning , but he did n't make a big deal about it , and since i was straight and was n't planning on becoming gay any time soon , i did n't make a big deal out of it , either . 
 i guess we were meant to be pals . 
 and pals we are . 
 we get along like brothers . 
 hell , even better than brothers . 
 we talk about anything and everything , and joke with each other like old frat buddies . 
 yes , numi jokes . 
 i do n't see it very often now , but when i do , well , i do n't soon forget it . 
 numi has taught me much . 
 he taught me to let people be . 
 he taught me to relax . 
 to calm down . 
 to not be so aggressive . 
 silence speaks louder than words . 
 all of this he taught me by example . 
 i learned much from him , and i still do . 
 but now , our friendship has morphed into something else . 
 i need him in ways that i still ca n't admit . 
 we both know i need him . 
 i can not get through the day without him , or someone like him . 
 and i doubt there are many like him . 
 and here he is now , waiting calmly for me , his life on hold while my own deteriorates into nothing . 
 if he could hear me thinking such thoughts , he would tell me to be positive , man . 
 you can beat this , cowboy . 
 these days , i do not have the strength or energy to even be negative . 
 these days , i just am . 
 i hear footsteps approaching from outside the hall . 
 numi glances up casually . 
 a moment later , an old colleague of mine steps through the doorway . 
 detective dobbs is a big man who sports a robust cop mustache . 
 he sees me , pauses only slightly , and then sits behind the conference table opposite me . 
 no handshake . 
 i barely even get a nod . 
 `` booker , '' he says , using my last name . 
 `` you 're , ah , looking good . '' 
 `` for a corpse , '' i say . 
 he sits back , studies me . 
 `` are you , ah , still sick ? '' 
 `` even sicker . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that . '' 
 he fidgets with a folder he 'd brought with him . 
 his mustache , i think , might have fidgeted , too . 
 it 's olivia 's case folder . 
 i see her name and case number on the tab . 
 my good friend , my lost girl , has been reduced to a case number on a detective 's manila file folder . 
 detective dobbs is about my age . 
 about my height . 
 about my same complexion , too . 
 but the way he 's looking at me now , you would think i am something distasteful and slightly less than human . 
 or maybe he had some bad sushi for lunch . 
 he says , `` how 's your friend , noobi ? '' 
 i get this question a lot . 
 my friend is gay . 
 it 's easily noticeable for those who look . 
 what people look for , i do n't know , but it seems like people just know . 
 they assume i might be gay , too . 
 they also assume that i got the disease from numi , which is false . 
 `` numi , '' i correct . 
 `` and he 's fine . '' 
 `` he 's not , you know , sick ? '' 
 `` sick with aids ? '' 
 he shifts his eyes . 
 he knows he 's treading in unfamiliar waters here . 
 `` er , yes . '' 
 `` numi and i are friends only , detective . 
 and the last i checked , it 's nearly impossible to give a friend a sexually transmitted disease unless said friends are having sex , in which numi and i do not indulge . 
 he 's not my type . 
 he 's too big and scary . 
 also , i 'm not gay . '' 
 numi , of course , hears this and shakes his head . 
 i see a small grin appear on his face . 
 i grin , too . 
 dobbs says nothing . 
 my detective friend and i used to shoot the shit for many minutes before we ever got around to discussing our common cases . 
 as a specialist who finds the missing , i 'm often in contact with local police and homicide units , especially when the missing turn up dead . 
 `` right , sorry , '' he says . 
 dobbs cracks his neck . 
 cracks his knuckles . 
 it 's been many months since i 've last seen him . 
 perhaps longer . 
 hell , it 's been over a year since i 've actually worked a case . 
 i say , `` but i 'll let him know you asked about him . 
 i 'm sure it will make his day . '' 
 `` just drop it , booker . '' 
 he opens the file in front of him . 
 `` what 's your interest in the olivia dutch case ? '' 
 `` her husband is a friend of mine . '' 
 i do n't say what my additional interests are in this case . 
 first is that olivia was also my friend . 
 and my additional interest is , of course , my brother . 
 dobbs had not worked matt 's case , as it had been nearly twenty-two years ago . 
 most of the detectives on the case have long since retired , although i kept in touch with most of them . 
 in fact , i keep in touch with all of those connected to my brother 's case . 
 a cold case . 
 dobbs studies me and now shakes his head . 
 he looks like he wants to be anywhere but here . 
 dobbs and i used to get lunch together . 
 he used to tell me about his time in the military , about all the drinking he did overseas . 
 about the girls . 
 `` are you working for eddie dutch ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` in what capacity ? '' 
 `` he hired me to find his wife . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` yesterday . '' 
 `` well , his wife has been found . 
 your job is done . 
 congratulations . 
 great job . '' 
 `` do n't be a dick . '' 
 dobbs taps his fingers some more on the file . 
 he takes in a lot of air . 
 i do not know what 's going on in his mind . 
 in the past , he would have been more receptive to my help . 
 in the past , i would n't have called him a dick . 
 finally , he says , `` so what 's your interest now , booker ? '' 
 `` olivia was a friend of mine , too . '' 
 it is an understatement , but at the same time it is the truth . 
 this conversation is taking a lot out of me . 
 indignation is n't good for my health . 
 `` i understand that - '' `` i can help you find her killer , '' i say , which takes the last of my strength . 
 my voice is barely above a whisper . 
 he makes another face , one that consists of his thin lips being drawn down . 
 he then abruptly stands . 
 `` booker , i 'm sorry this shit happened to you . 
 but you 're in no condition to help me . 
 go rest . 
 go hang out with nubooby , or whatever the hell his name is . 
 go anywhere but here . 
 we do n't need your help . 
 in fact , i do n't want your help . '' 
 he looks at me sadly some more , tries to smile , fails . 
 `` take care , booker . '' 
 he turns and leaves . 
 a moment later , i feel numi 's strong hands under my arms , lifting . 
 `` let 's go , cowboy . '' 
 i find my feet with numi 's help . 
 i keep from falling over with numi 's help , too . 
 `` so how did it go in there , cowboy ? '' 
 he asks as we exit the conference room . 
 `` he 's excited to work with me . '' 
 `` he said that ? '' 
 `` not in so many words . '' 
 `` he told you to back off , did n't he ? '' 
 `` not , '' i say , struggling for breath , `` in so many words . '' 
 `` but you 're not going to back off , are you ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` i was afraid of that . '' 
 as we walk down the hallway towards the exit , numi , who 's guiding me every step of the way , turns to me and says , `` nubooby ? '' 
 i grin . 
 `` hey , he was close . '' 
 `` no , '' says numi . 
 `` he was n't . '' 
 chapter seven i 'm in elysian park , near dodger stadium , sitting on the side of a hill overlooking the 5 freeway and atwater village far below . 
 well , maybe not that far . 
 atwater village is considered a bit of an armpit , but from up here it does n't look like an armpit . 
 from up here , maybe a thousand feet up , it looks sparkling and shimmering and beautiful . 
 there are horses penned in a corral not far behind me . 
 i can hear them chewing and snorting . 
 i sometimes give the horses carrots . 
 there 's still a bag of carrots in my refrigerator . 
 the carrots are rotted now , having sat forgotten for months . 
 i should throw out the bag , buy a new bag , and feed the horses again . 
 at least one more time . 
 maybe . 
 it is evening and the sun is setting behind the bigger homes on the hill above me , homes that have a perfect view of downtown los angeles . 
 although it 's raining , the wind here is warm , blowing up from the grinding freeway below , superheated by endless miles of pavement , exhaust , and angst . 
 eight months ago , i had been given six months to live . 
 if i do the math , and i have , i should have been dead a few months by now . 
 maybe i am dead . 
 maybe i am just a spirit reliving his memories . 
 i hate when i think that way . 
 such thoughts give me anxiety that i do not need . 
 the rain picks up a little , rattling the leaves around me , bending the branches over me . 
 i can feel myself dying inside . 
 i can feel myself losing the battle . 
 each day i lose a little more of the battle . 
 each day , each hour , each minute . 
 it rarely rains in l.a. in july . 
 i think i will miss the rain most of all . 
 to think that soon i will never again feel its gentle touch is enough to bring me to tears as i sit there on this slope , overlooking the 5 freeway , with the horses behind me and the rain on the back of my neck . 
 saddest of all is that i soon will be buried six feet underground , too far to feel the rain . 
 i do not want to be cremated . 
 i want to rot . 
 i deserve to rot . 
 i know if it was n't for numi that i would be leaving this world alone . 
 of that , i have no doubt . 
 yes , i 've had my share of women . 
 perhaps more than my share . 
 i 've loved many , perhaps too many . 
 i 've broken many hearts . 
 definitely too many . 
 yes , many women have come and gone . 
 but now they are just gone . 
 every last one of them . 
 as if they were never there . 
 if not for numi , i would be doing this all alone . 
 if not for numi , perhaps i would be dead now , i am sure of that . 
 i have not spoken to my mother in many years . 
 at last count , over ten . 
 she blamed me for my brother 's death . 
 i blamed me , too . 
 numi is different . 
 he makes no judgment . 
 he only loves in his own way . 
 and his way is by being there for me . 
 numi holds out his hope for a cure . 
 he believes that if there is breath still in me that i might still pull through . 
 i bring up my knees with some difficulty , using my hands to help , and now i rest my chin on the back of my hands as they rest on my knees . 
 i close my eyes and listen to the rain , which drowns out the freeway sounds far below . 
 i sit like this until i am soaked and shivering , knowing this will be my last rain . 
 and now my heart breaks all over again . 
 finally , i stand and continue down the slope , down to the park far below , slipping once or twice in the mud . 
 my balance has been off for many months now . 
 numi would be pissed if he saw me now . 
 i head over to the spot where my brother disappeared nearly twenty-two years ago . 
 disappeared , that is , for all of two weeks . 
 he was found later , of course . 
 in a different park . 
 laurel canyon . 
 where olivia was found . 
 two bodies , both found in laurel canyon , separated by twenty-two years . 
 one an adult female . 
 one a nine-year-old boy . 
 one was my friend . 
 the other was my ... i take a deep , shuddering breath . 
 with the last of my strength , as the rain slants nearly sideways , i go to work searching the area again . 
 for perhaps the millionth time . 
 always looking for clues . 
 always searching for answers . 
 always searching , searching ... chapter eight we are sitting in my living room . 
 her name is mary blaylock , and she is the grief counselor assigned to my case . 
 she visits me once a week , and will do so until the case is closed . 
 her case is closed when i die . 
 mary has long blond hair and a slightly-too-big nose . 
 call me superficial . 
 i notice things . 
 still , the slightly-too-big nose is not a deterrent , since i find it regal and proper and confident , and there 's a lot of sexiness to those three qualities . 
 i 'm sure she can sleep well at night knowing that . 
 especially with that honker . 
 she is sitting in the love seat with her knees together and a clipboard on her lap . 
 her hands are folded on top of the clipboard . 
 a black pen is velcroed near the top of the clipboard . 
 i can see her taking the time to buy the velcro , to cut it carefully and apply it to both pen and clipboard . 
 she seems like that type of person . 
 meticulous , exact , and ... wonderful . 
 she sits with her back straight and does not lean into the cushions . 
 she 's either had etiquette training or her posture is naturally perfect . 
 her nose is not that big , actually . 
 it 's just slightly long and comes to a sort of point . 
 her face is lovely . 
 her lips are full but not too full . 
 as the weeks keep piling up and i keep not dying , i begin to look forward to her visits . 
 i even look forward to her nose , which i am now rather fond of . 
 as she adjusts her long skirt , brushing it out from under her so that it does n't get wrinkled , as i look at her slender ankles and smooth calves and take in the hint of perfume that reminds me of all things woman , i realize that i just might be falling in love with her . 
 but what do i know of love ? 
 i spent my entire life hating myself , so much so that i never let anyone get close enough to love . 
 and now here is mary with her slightly-too-big nose , perfect posture , and straight blond hair , who looks and acts professional , and says so many kind things to me . 
 i take a deep breath and hold it , feeling my lungs swell painfully . 
 i watch her closely until she finally settles comfortably . 
 `` hi , jim , '' she says brightly . 
 always brightly . 
 she tears free her velcroed pen and clicks it on . 
 she makes a notation on a paper clipped to the clipboard . 
 i suspect she 's noting the time and date of her visit . 
 `` hi , mary , '' i say . 
 `` you look very beautiful today . '' 
 she 's about to lean back into the loveseat when she pauses in mid-lean . 
 i 've never been so forward with her before . 
 `` well , um , thank you , jim . '' 
 i can see she 's a little discombobulated . 
 she was n't expecting a compliment . 
 she 's been here three months now without me giving her a compliment . 
 hell , i am nearly as surprised myself . 
 but she 's a pro , and she 's certainly cute enough to have gotten her share of sweet compliments . 
 i wonder if she feels self-conscious about her nose . 
 probably not . 
 i suspect mary the grief counselor is a very even-keeled , well-balanced late twentysomething woman . 
 my guess : twenty-eight . 
 eleven years younger than me . 
 too young , i think . 
 `` what would you like to talk about today , jim ? '' 
 she asks , now fully recovered from my blindsiding compliment . 
 she always calls me jim , even when i ask her to call me jimmy . 
 i do n't know why . 
 the sliding glass door to my balcony is open and a cool wind is making its way around the living room . 
 no doubt she 's feeling the wind on her slender ankles . 
 birds twitter in the eucalyptus trees beyond my balcony . 
 `` i think i love you , '' i say . 
 `` that 's what i want to talk about . '' 
 she makes no other movement other than her mouth dropping open comically . 
 then she blinks slowly , as her occipital nerves kick into gear . 
 as she focuses on me , her pupils shrink a little . 
 laser pointed . 
 finally , she says , `` you 're joking , right ? 
 another one of your jokes ? '' 
 `` do i sound like i 'm joking ? '' 
 she has now successfully absorbed her shock , and her training and poise kick in . 
 she gathers herself , pressing her knees together tighter . 
 positions her pen on the page , and throws back her perfectly straight hair . 
 `` you do not love me , jim booker . 
 it 's called emotional transference . 
 it 's not called love . '' 
 `` then i would like to make emotional transference to you , '' i say . 
 `` all night long . '' 
 she laughs and shakes her head . 
 i note that she has n't taken her eyes off me . 
 i see this as a good thing . 
 `` i come here every week , '' she says . 
 `` we talk about important things . 
 i listen to you . 
 i care for you . 
 it 's easy to transfer your emotions onto me . 
 in this case , love . '' 
 `` it 's very , very easy to transfer my emotions onto you . '' 
 `` jim , i have a job to do . 
 please respect that . '' 
 `` i respect your job very much . '' 
 i still notice that she has n't taken her eyes off me . 
 her fingers , i notice again , are long and thin . 
 her nails are painted red . 
 shortish nails . 
 not too long . 
 just enough length to make the nail polish worthwhile . 
 `` can we get back to work , jim ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` i 'm just work to you ? '' 
 now she looks a little put out . 
 i think it 's some kind of defense mechanism . 
 but what the hell do i know ? 
 i 'm just a private dick . 
 `` where 's this coming from , jim ? 
 i come here for three months and we talk about all the women in your life . 
 the many , many women in your life . 
 your self-punishment and recklessness that 's led to your current condition - '' `` you mean my permanent disease , '' i correct her . 
 always , she glosses over the disease . 
 which is strange . 
 she 's trained not to gloss over such things . 
 i know this . 
 why does she gloss over my disease ? 
 `` yes , '' she says , `` that . 
 for three months , i 've been coming here and never once have you expressed any indication that you might be interested in me . 
 are you expecting me to believe that it appears '' - she snaps her fingers - `` just like that ? '' 
 `` emotional transference works in mysterious ways . '' 
 `` no , it does n't . 
 it 's quite predictable . 
 i could have predicted this outcome . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 and did you ? '' 
 i 'm now sitting a little more forward on the couch . 
 i do n't have a lot of strength to sit forward , but looking at her , at the way she 's breathing a little harder , the way her chest rises and falls a little faster , i find the strength . 
 `` did you predict that i would find you utterly ravishing ? '' 
 `` you are hardly in a condition to ravish anything , jim . '' 
 `` i still have a good ravish or two in me . '' 
 `` then you do n't want to waste them on me , trust me . '' 
 and now i 'm standing slowly . 
 my legs are shaking . 
 the chirping birds seem to disappear . 
 i 'm completely and totally absorbed by the woman sitting across from me . 
 i say , `` i ca n't think of a better person on earth i would want to waste them on . '' 
 `` jim , please . 
 you need to rest - '' `` no , '' i say , sitting next to her on the loveseat . 
 she continues staring at me , and i can see something i had n't noticed until now , yet something i 'm sure i felt . 
 she has feelings for me , too . 
 she really cares about me-and not just as another client . 
 `` what are you doing , jim ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to kiss you . '' 
 `` jim , please . '' 
 `` please what ? '' 
 i rest a hand on her knee and she does n't move , although she looks away . 
 her expression has changed into sadness . 
 i know its source . 
 my disease is her sadness . 
 hell , it is mine , too . 
 well , screw my disease . 
 it 's taken so much away from me . 
 for once , it can give something back . 
 so i lean over , bracing one hand on the arm of the couch-a hand that quickly begins to shake-but somehow i find the energy to lean over and kiss her softly on the lips . 
 chapter nine i am hanging onto numi 's arm as we make our way through the dingy apartment complex in echo park . 
 feeble metal railings line the outdoor stairs . 
 `` you really kissed her ? '' 
 asks numi . 
 news of my therapy session last night has my friend perplexed . 
 numi does n't usually waste my precious energy , but for some reason today he 's asked me the same question over and over . 
 `` yes , '' i say again . 
 we head up the stairs together . 
 the stairway railing appears less secure . 
 hanging onto numi 's strong arm feels much safer , even if the act of holding onto him makes me feel uncomfortable . 
 `` a small kiss on her lips , '' i add . 
 `` and she did n't , you know , seem upset ? '' 
 `` because i have aids ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 numi does n't mince words , which is something i appreciate about him . 
 i do n't have time for those who mince words . 
 i also do n't have time for those who ask me the same question over and over , but i understand numi 's confusion . 
 at least , i think i do . 
 yes , a part of me senses he 's jealous , but for reasons that i think might be too complex for my simple brain to understand . 
 `` she knows i have aids , '' i say . 
 `` she knows about my cancer , too . 
 she knows that i am as good as dead . '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 we 're now on the upstairs landing . 
 rows of red apartment doors line the hallway . 
 we 're at number 19 . 
 we 're looking for number 29 . 
 `` look , '' i say , `` you ca n't get aids from kissing . 
 you know that . 
 the whole damn world knows that . '' 
 `` knowing it and doing it are two different things , man . 
 she must really like you . '' 
 `` what 's not to like ? '' 
 numi shakes his head and smiles that smile that is only for me . 
 i sense that he 's troubled for reasons i still do n't understand . 
 numi is detached and introspective and does n't always lay his thoughts and feelings out there . 
 i suspect the source of his angst is that he feels he might lose control . 
 he likes helping me . 
 he likes helping me in a particular way . 
 he 's protective , demanding , careful . 
 would another person look after me so closely ? 
 he does n't know . 
 and until he knows , he has no problem hiding his displeasure . 
 `` do you like her , too ? '' 
 he asks me as we pass an open door . 
 there 's a fake christmas tree in the far corner and two children in diapers running around holding real hammers and screwdrivers . 
 the mother appears passed out on the couch . 
 it is , of course , early july . 
 i say , `` i 've liked her from the moment i set eyes on her . '' 
 `` you never said anything about that , '' says numi . 
 `` you do n't know everything about me , numi , '' i snap , perhaps louder than i wanted to . 
 the act of snapping at numi saps my strength immediately , and i regret it for a number of reasons . 
 numi does n't seem to notice or care that i snapped at him . 
 he does , however , curl his forearm around my hand a little tighter . 
 numi always seems to know when my strength is waning . 
 how he knows this , i do n't know . 
 maybe it 's an inflection in my voice . 
 my posture . 
 i have no clue , but he always , always knows my current state of strength , which i find both unsettling and comforting at the same time . 
 `` no , '' he says after a moment . 
 `` i do n't know everything about you , kemosabe . 
 but i know enough . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to snap , '' i say . 
 i always feel like shit when i snap at numi . 
 i mean , what kind of asshole snaps at the only person who helps him live when he 's dying ? 
 me , i think . 
 i 'm that asshole . 
 `` it 's okay , homie , '' says numi , and hearing his thick nigerian accent using street slang is so comical that i want to laugh , but i do n't have enough strength to laugh . 
 numi never holds a grudge and never pouts . 
 i say i 'm sorry and he accepts it and we move on . 
 `` yes , i like her , numi . 
 i did n't tell you or anyone . 
 least of all , her . 
 why should i ? 
 i have aids . 
 she 's a beautiful woman . 
 what business do i have liking her ? '' 
 numi , who generally does n't like to hear self-defeating talk from me , glances at me sideways . 
 he must have heard something in my voice . 
 `` but you do n't just like her , do you , boss ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 we 're almost at number 29 . 
 `` you love her , '' says numi . 
 i nod , and now he looks away , and i feel something collapse in him . 
 perhaps he has let out a long sigh of air . 
 and just before we get to number 29 , i know there 's something i have to do for my devoted friend . 
 i reach out and stop him in the hallway , which literally takes all of my strength . 
 `` yes , i think i love her , '' i say . 
 `` and i love you , too , my friend , '' i say , and it 's surprising how easy that was to say . 
 it 's the first time i have told another man that i love him . 
 numi covers his face and his quiet strength briefly crumbles , and i suddenly realize how long he 's been waiting to hear those words . 
 a moment later he gathers himself , wipes his eyes and says , `` i love you , too , man . '' 
 `` good , '' i say . 
 `` now , can we stop being gay ? '' 
 `` easier said than done , kemosabe . '' 
 he glances at number 29 . 
 `` this it ? '' 
 `` this is it , '' i say . 
 `` olivia 's last-known address . '' 
 chapter ten numi and i are sitting on a sagging couch that might be broken in the middle . 
 the couch draws me towards the center , as it does numi . 
 and , since i 've never been comfortable touching another man , i fight gravity . 
 i lean away from numi . 
 i shift uncomfortably . 
 i cross and recross my legs . 
 i hang onto the arm of the couch . 
 but nothing helps . 
 i 'm continually drawn to the center of the couch like a man is drawn down into quicksand . 
 numi does n't fight gravity . 
 numi sits calmly in the middle of the broken couch , one leg crossed casually over the other . 
 his loafers are clean . 
 his jeans are freshly pressed . 
 his dark ankles look like strips of rich chocolate . 
 numi never wears socks . 
 the young lady sitting across from us watches all of this curiously , although mostly she 's sobbing quietly into a tissue . 
 her name is karen fitch , and , according to eddie , she 's the last person to see olivia alive . 
 `` how long did olivia live with you ? '' 
 i ask gently . 
 i know the answer , but i always like to verify the facts with all those involved in a case . 
 `` she lived here for about six days . '' 
 i nod . 
 the days match . 
 without a police report , or without detective dobbs 's help , i do n't have much to go on . 
 i 'm investigating blind , so to speak . 
 the couch continues drawing me down towards its broken center where numi waits calmly like a big black whirlpool . 
 my strength is waning . 
 i 'm tempted to release my hold from the arm and sink down into numi . 
 although crying , karen 's voice is strong . 
 she 's wearing pink sweats and a pink t-shirt and pink flip-flop sandals . 
 her toenails are painted pink , too . 
 mostly , though , i notice the darkish , baggy skin around her eyes . 
 i 've already ruled out that my friend eddie is involved in olivia 's murder , although the police have n't . 
 i just do n't think my friend is a killer , although he is a serious womanizer . 
 i 'm looking for a connection to her death and my brother 's disappearance twenty-two years ago . 
 the police wo n't be looking for such a connection . 
 at least not yet . 
 the police have long ago forgotten about my murdered brother , although his case is officially still open . 
 i have n't forgotten . 
 nor will i ever forget . 
 `` did olivia meet with anyone during the six days she was actually here ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` did she talk about , say , meeting anyone new ? '' 
 `` like a boyfriend ? 
 she just left eddie . 
 i do n't think she was ready to date or - '' `` he did n't say a boyfriend , '' says numi impassively . 
 he does n't move when he speaks . 
 no gesture with his hands . 
 no foot kick . 
 no movement of his head . 
 nothing . 
 just his deep voice appears , seemingly magically . 
 numi thinks she 's wasting my time . 
 `` he said anyone . 
 did she talk about meeting with anyone ? '' 
 karen seems to have forgotten to breathe . 
 finally she does so , casting my friend sidelong glances as she speaks . 
 `` i already told the police that she did n't . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i say and , to help ease the sudden tension , i offer her one of my best smiles . 
 numi does n't care too much if he creates tension in those around me . 
 he cares only about me and my health . 
 `` did anyone come to the apartment while she was here ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` a deliveryman ? 
 kirby salesman ? 
 a guy looking for directions ? 
 did anyone try to sell you something ? 
 did anyone have the wrong address ? 
 do you remember talking to anyone at all here at the apartment ? '' 
 as i ask these questions , karen shakes her head and keeps shaking her head until i get to the last question . 
 that 's when the shaking stops . 
 investigators know that people instinctively say `` no '' before a question is even out . 
 it 's a defense mechanism , i think . 
 a way to distance themselves from something horrific . 
 it 's why investigators ask so many damn questions . 
 and we keep asking them , keep plugging away , until one such question sticks . 
 i glance around the apartment and see the pizza box . 
 the pizza hombres . 
 never heard of them . 
 `` did someone deliver pizza ? '' 
 there it is . 
 she quits shaking her head and begins nodding . 
 at this point , i lose my energy . 
 the act of talking , of probing , depletes me , and i slide down into numi . 
 all fight has left me . 
 numi does n't say a word , nor give any indication that my weight is now pressing against him . 
 he smells of good cologne . 
 he always smells of good cologne . 
 his body is hard and muscular and bony , too . 
 `` did someone deliver this pizza ? '' 
 i ask , pointing . 
 her eyes follow my flaccid finger . 
 she nods . 
 i ask her to describe the delivery guy . 
 `` how do you know it was a guy ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` because he 's fucking nostradamus , '' says numi quickly , jumping in . 
 `` describe him . '' 
 karen makes a small , scared sound . 
 `` an older guy , '' she says . 
 `` i think . 
 he sounded old , at least . '' 
 `` sounded ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` you did n't see him ? '' 
 `` no . 
 olivia answered the door . '' 
 `` did you recognize his voice ? 
 i mean , was it the same deliveryman who always delivers the pizza ? '' 
 `` i 've never ordered from them before . '' 
 i run my hand through my hair , a nervous habit . 
 it 's my way of backing off , stepping back and thinking . 
 nothing is feeling right about this case . 
 or perhaps my instincts are dying with me . 
 `` what day was this ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` last week , maybe two days before she disappeared . '' 
 it 's now been three days since olivia 's body was found in laurel canyon . 
 `` did she talk to the delivery guy about anything other than pizza ? '' 
 she starts shaking her head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` did the guy appear to flirt with her ? '' 
 more shaking . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` anything that stood out with her conversation ? '' 
 more shaking . 
 `` nothing that i can remember . '' 
 i look at numi . 
 numi does n't look at me . 
 he 's pursing his lips . 
 i know that purse . 
 he wants us to leave . 
 wants me to rest . 
 the usual shit . 
 i suspect numi thinks i 'm wasting my time . 
 back in the day , back when i was in full health , i would have trusted my instincts . 
 i would have just known whether or not a lead was a dead end . 
 now , not so much . 
 numi thinks this is a dead end . 
 no , he 's not a professional investigator , but i 've run dozens , if not hundreds , of cases past him over the years . 
 i look at the girl . 
 she 's looking away , clearly nervous . 
 she 's nervous , i think , because two men are sitting on her broken couch and one of them has the shakes and the other is looking scary as hell . 
 my shaking seems to be worsening . 
 i shake like this when i 'm reaching the end of my strength . 
 i notice numi 's eyes shifting over to my hands . 
 when it comes to my health , or lack thereof , he misses little , if anything . 
 `` when was the last time you saw olivia ? '' 
 `` two days before they ... found her in laurel canyon . '' 
 `` where was she going ? '' 
 `` for a hike in elysian park . '' 
 `` how do you think she ended up in laurel canyon ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the parks are separated by most of los angeles . 
 `` i honestly do n't know . '' 
 `` what was the last thing olivia said to you - '' instead of answering , she says , `` god , you look so sick . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 i suck in air . 
 i have no strength left and breathing is getting difficult . 
 what else is new ? 
 `` i am sick , '' i manage to say , gasping slightly . 
 `` i mean , you look really sick . '' 
 `` he has aids , '' says numi . 
 `` complicated by cancer , which has spread to his lungs . 
 so why do n't you answer his fucking question and quit wasting his time ? 
 what was the last thing olivia said to you ? '' 
 karen makes a small squeak and shrinks in on herself . 
 `` just that she was going for a hike , i think . '' 
 `` was she going to meet someone ? '' 
 my voice is barely above a whisper . 
 karen brings her knees up to her chest . 
 she stares at me like i 'm something that has crawled out from beneath her bed . 
 `` i 'm - i 'm pretty sure she did n't say she was going to meet someone . '' 
 i thank her for her time and numi helps me up . 
 once we are standing in the hallway , with me leaning heavily onto numi , he says , `` you really think the killer could be the deliveryman ? '' 
 `` probably not , '' i say . 
 `` i have nothing else to go on . '' 
 `` that 's a lot of nothing . '' 
 `` come on , '' i say . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 `` let 's get some pizza . '' 
 chapter eleven numi and i are in his silver cadillac , cruising through the streets of echo park . 
 cool as cool gets . 
 it 's evening but the day is still warm . 
 the heat seems to rise from the pavement in waves . 
 for some reason , i 'm having a harder time than usual catching a full breath . 
 numi looks at me . 
 `` you okay , cowboy ? '' 
 `` been better . '' 
 `` need to go to the hospital ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 numi glances at me sideways . 
 although i 'm looking ahead and holding on to the overhead handle-anything to help open up my lungs-i know he is giving me a full body scan . 
 if i do n't catch my breath soon and calm down , i also know that our next destination is going to be l.a. memorial hospital . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i say . 
 `` really . '' 
 except numi is n't buying what i 'm selling . 
 he glances at me again as we arrive at our destination : the pizza hombres . 
 it 's a hole-in-the-wall joint , one of many retail establishments that line the street . 
 there is some parking out front . 
 numi slows his caddie and waits for an old man to back out , a centimeter at a time . 
 numi watches him impassively , but i sense his frustration . 
 after all , the old man is costing me valuable time . 
 and time is what i do n't have and numi knows this . 
 when the old man has finally backed up and pulled forward , numi slips into the vacant spot and turns off the ignition . 
 he looks over at me . 
 i still have n't gotten a full breath and i 'm struggling . 
 i hold the handle above to open up my lungs-anything to help get that full gulp of air . 
 it 's not working . 
 panic grips me . 
 i need to breathe . 
 it 's a hell of a shitty feeling knowing that your lungs are progressively getting worse , knowing that someday they are going to shut down completely , that i will undoubtedly suffocate to death . 
 a helluva shitty feeling . 
 so now i 'm struggling , fighting for air , knowing that i 'm gasping , knowing that numi is close to starting the car up again and taking me to the closest hospital . 
 but i ca n't worry about that now . 
 no . 
 i need air . 
 i need to breathe . 
 badly . 
 so i fight . 
 i suck . 
 i force my lungs to work . 
 nothing 's working . 
 numi reaches out , grips my shoulder . 
 `` calm down , brother . 
 it 's going to be okay . '' 
 i nod , still struggling . 
 ca n't speak . 
 `` i 'm here , man . '' 
 i keep fighting . 
 keep gasping . 
 a fish out of water . 
 a drowning man . 
 same damn thing . 
 i twist slightly in the seat , trying to free up my lungs . 
 my head feels lighter and lighter , now spinning . 
 numi grips my shoulder tighter , fingers digging . 
 `` it 's okay , boss , '' he says . 
 `` you 're going to be okay . '' 
 `` numi ... '' `` calm down , calm . 
 breathe , brother . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 ca n't ... breathe , numi . '' 
 he squeezes my shoulder tighter and i now see the tears in his eyes . 
 `` yes , you can , cowboy . 
 just calm down . 
 you 're going to be okay . '' 
 i feel the tears come to my own eyes . 
 they always come when i ca n't breathe . 
 maybe it 's my body weeping for itself , its own demise . 
 or maybe i 'm just a big ol' baby . 
 i continue struggling , gripping the bar overhead . 
 numi continues gripping my shoulder , giving me his strength , willing me to breathe . 
 and there-finally , finally , mercifully , thankfully-my lungs kick in . 
 air fills them completely , filling them so full that i do n't want to exhale . 
 i relish the feeling of completeness , loving the air , the oxygen , the life . 
 numi 's patting hand turns to a gentle rubbing . 
 sometimes all i need is one good inhalation . 
 one good lungful . 
 welcome to my life . 
 `` you okay , cowboy ? '' 
 he asks . 
 he still rubs me affectionately , but now i want him to stop . 
 i still struggle with his intimacy , and so i shrug a little and numi gets the idea . 
 he removes his hand although i see that he 's hurt . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i say , unbuckling my seat belt . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 chapter twelve numi finds us a booth as i approach the counter . 
 the place is bigger than expected , with two pool tables and dozens of old-school arcade games in the back . 
 the cash register is manned by a cute girl who 's probably eighteen or nineteen . 
 there 's a separate bar area to order beer and wine . 
 i put in an order for a large pizza and two beers and scan the place . 
 there 's someone working in the kitchen , but that seems to be it . 
 i know i 'm grasping at straws here . 
 my instincts are off . 
 no doubt because of my time away , or because of my sickness . 
 probably both . 
 truth is , i do n't know what to think . 
 so , better to check out everything and decide later what it means . 
 i pay for the food and the girl gives me one of those little table signs with a number on it and says the pizza will be ready in twenty minutes . 
 `` did you find the killer , sherlock ? '' 
 asks numi when i sit down and place the number on the corner of the table . 
 `` no , but the pizza will be ready in twenty minutes . '' 
 `` way to go , dynamo . 
 how you feeling ? '' 
 `` better . '' 
 sometimes it 's better for me to not talk about breathing to take my mind off it . 
 to fixate on it can sometimes bring back another episode , and numi knows this , and so he changes the subject . 
 and the subject he chooses is nearly as bad . 
 `` tell me about your brother , boss . '' 
 numi knows he has me for twenty minutes . 
 `` here ? '' 
 `` no better place , ace . '' 
 he opens his big hands and looks around . 
 `` we alone and we waiting for pizza . '' 
 i smile at his slang . 
 `` it 's been a long time , '' i say , `` since i 've talked about it . '' 
 numi nods and waits . 
 he stretches out his long legs and sits back . 
 as i speak , he clasps his hands over his flat stomach and closes his eyes the way a dog might . 
 just enough to relax but not enough to miss anything around him . 
 and so i tell him , `` we were at elysian park near dodger stadium , waiting for the game to start . 
 i was seventeen and making some money working nights at a warehouse . 
 it was my brother 's birthday and i wanted to do something special for him . 
 my mother was against it from the beginning . 
 maybe she had gotten a psychic hit or something , who knows . 
 but i talked her into it , reminding her that i was an adult and could watch my nine-year-old brother , matt . 
 she relented , but not happily . '' 
 i take in a lot of air , ignore my faltering lungs , and continue the story , `` i had gotten off work early and picked up my little brother . 
 my brother wore his dodgers ball cap and a mitt . 
 matt 's excitement was overflowing . '' 
 numi nods , his eyes still closed . 
 i pause for a few moments and get my breath . 
 `` but we got to the game way too early . 
 even too early to catch batting practice . 
 so we decided to take a walk through elysian park . 
 it was a beautiful july day , not too hot for once . 
 the plan was to play a little catch and wait for the gates to open . '' 
 i pause in my retelling as the young girl brings us our beers . 
 i rarely drink beer these days . 
 i 'm really not supposed to have any alcohol at all . 
 i do n't care . 
 and numi does n't seem to care either , for once . 
 i think he thinks that i might need this beer . 
 so i drink some , spilling only just a little . 
 since when were beer mugs so damn heavy ? 
 as i think back on that fateful day , i realize i ca n't begin to explain to numi my kid brother 's innocence or capacity to find joy in everything , his complete trust in the world , his forgiving and accepting nature . 
 he was a godsend to my mother , especially after my father 's car accident that left her a single parent . 
 words and strength fail me , so i keep to the point . 
 `` we found a good spot to throw the ball . 
 there were a lot of people picnicking , so we had to find a space to ourselves . 
 we threw the ball a few times and - '' i can remember their faces like it was yesterday , especially their smiles . 
 for a few years , i blamed them for my brother 's death . 
 hell , sometimes i still did . 
 no one else 's fault , i thought again . 
 no one but your own . 
 of course , that was n't quite right either . 
 my brother 's death was very much the fault of someone else . 
 numi waits with half-closed eyes , breathing easily , legs stretched before him . 
 the half beer gives me an instant buzz . 
 so pathetic . 
 `` there were two girls , two cute girls . 
 one of them had sprained her ankle . 
 the other was helping her over to the restrooms . 
 i asked them what happened . 
 the one girl , the blonde , had stepped on a tree root , rolled her ankle . 
 i helped her into the bathroom . 
 i then offered to get her some ice from some picnickers nearby . '' 
 i took another draw from my beer . 
 i could not meet numi 's half gaze now . 
 instead , i studied a flashing neon advertisement in the window nearby . 
 `` i went and got the ice . '' 
 `` and where was matt ? '' 
 `` he was looking for our ball . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` in the woods behind the park . '' 
 `` how did the ball get there ? '' 
 `` i threw it , '' i say . 
 `` you threw it into the woods ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i - '' but the words do n't come . 
 they ca n't come . 
 i 've locked them up for so long . 
 `` you threw the ball into the woods to buy yourself some time with the girls , '' says numi . 
 i do n't nod at first , but finally i do . 
 i can feel the weight of numi 's stare . 
 no longer are his eyes half-closed . 
 `` what happened next , jimmy ? '' 
 i cover my eyes with my hands . 
 the tears are coming freely now , down my cheeks , down my hands and wrists and forearms . 
 i ca n't speak . 
 the words are gone as i recall again for the millionth time the panic , fear , and helplessness as i searched for my little brother , searched and searched , until my voice was hoarse . 
 others in the park had searched , too , and soon the police and my mother had shown up . 
 a massive search party turned up nothing . 
 many heart-wrenching days would pass before we received the news we were most dreading : some hikers had found his murdered body miles away in laurel canyon . 
 his desecrated body with the massive figure `` 8 '' carved into his little chest . 
 it 's then that i realize that numi has gotten up and come over and wrapped his forearm around my shoulders , and he holds me like that as i continue weeping into my hands . 
 chapter thirteen my instincts are off . 
 i can feel it . 
 been out of the game for too long . 
 been sick for too long . 
 solving a crime that reaches down through the decades is a lot to ask of a guy who 's living on borrowed time . 
 i need the police report . 
 and i need detective dobbs 's help . 
 which is why i 'm back in the conference room , this time with numi by my side instead of in the hallway . 
 he 's my note taker and support system . 
 i 'm also hopped up on caffeine . 
 numi has already helped me look the best i can . 
 earlier , i let him trim my hair and help me into my freshly dry-cleaned suit . 
 i even let his expert fingers knot my tie . 
 i persuaded him to apply preparation h around my eyes to tighten up the bags . 
 this is a trick that everyone who works in hollywood knows . 
 as numi applies it , he asks how i know about this trick . 
 i tell him i saw it once on oprah . 
 he next asks who the gay one is . 
 i tell him to shut the hell up as he grins . 
 on the way to the police station for the second time in one week , i down five espressos from a local starbucks . 
 now that i look a little less like death warmed over , i wait impatiently in the conference room for detective dobbs . 
 except my hands are shaking from the caffeine and my stomach is queasy from all that espresso . 
 come on , dammit . 
 where are you ? 
 if i want dobbs to help me , i must appear better . 
 i must be up to the challenge , so to speak . 
 the caffeine is helping . 
 any other day , getting dressed up and having my hair cut would have put me in bed for hours . 
 so , yes , i know i 'm living on borrowed time . 
 which is why i 'm relieved when the detective finally strolls in . 
 i see he has olivia 's file with him . 
 so far , so good . 
 `` thanks for meeting with me again , paul , '' i say , perhaps a little louder than i had intended . 
 the idea was to make him believe i was healthy enough to be involved in the case . 
 not blast him out of his chair . 
 `` how you feeling , booker ? '' 
 he asks , settling in his chair across from us . 
 i hold my smile and say the only thing that will get me the file : `` i 'm feeling better , paul . 
 i 'm taking new medications now and they seem to be helping . '' 
 `` new medications , huh ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he nods and takes me in , his eyes moving over my face . 
 something is setting off his cop instincts . 
 perhaps he senses my lies , or my weakness . 
 any good cop can read anyone like a book . 
 it 's what they do . 
 it 's what i do , too . 
 i keep smiling . 
 `` you look better . '' 
 `` i feel better . '' 
 `` unless you 're faking it . '' 
 `` i 'm hurt . '' 
 `` no , you 're desperate . '' 
 he pauses and looks from me to numi , then says , `` i looked into your brother 's case , booker . 
 i think you 're onto something . 
 i think we might need you . '' 
 i nod and wait . 
 he pushes the file in my direction . 
 `` i want you to use the copy machine behind me and accidentally make a copy of this file . '' 
 `` i do tend to be accident-prone these days . '' 
 the detective almost smiles . 
 `` it 's against policy for me to give you the file , as you know . 
 but ... '' he raises his hands . 
 `` accidents do happen , '' i finish . 
 i do not reach for the file because my hands are shaking badly . 
 i do not want the detective to see how bad off i really am . 
 his sudden change of heart might just swing back the other direction . 
 `` now , i 'm going to leave my office and get a donut , '' he says , standing . 
 `` i am , after all , a cop , and that 's what cops do when not chasing the bad guys . 
 it 's in the handbook . '' 
 `` right next to how to grow a regulation cop mustache . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` always with my mustache . 
 anyway , i expressly forbid you to use the copy machine located directly behind me . 
 i also expressly forbid you to press the green button and wait ten seconds for it to power on . '' 
 he stands . 
 `` when i come back , i want you clowns gone . 
 and booker ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` you 're not much of an actor , but i am sorry to hear about your brother . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 he looks at me some more , then turns and leaves . 
 `` you heard the man , '' i say to numi when the detective is gone . 
 `` let 's hurry and not copy the file . '' 
 `` americans are weird , '' he says , and takes the file over to the copy machine and proceeds to not copy it . 
 chapter fourteen laurel canyon . 
 the day is bright . 
 a smattering of clouds . 
 the back road is quiet when numi stops his cadillac . 
 `` you sure you 're up for this , boss ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 he gets out and comes around to my side of the car . 
 having a grown man help me in and out of a car is hard on the ego . 
 when you 're sick and dying , the ego is and should be the first thing to go . 
 i know there 're gurus who teach people how to release the ego , to conquer the ego . 
 i get it now , but i did n't back when i was healthy . 
 it 's moot now . 
 the guy who falls off the toilet and knocks himself out no longer has an ego . 
 numi helps me out of the car as he wraps a blanket around me , followed by his strong arms . 
 i 'm weaker today . 
 that happens sometimes . 
 weaker some days , stronger others . 
 admittedly , the weaker days far outnumber the strong days . 
 he helps me down a gentle incline and over to a bench that overlooks the canyon . 
 beyond are trails and wilderness and nature at its best . 
 southern californians are sort of nature-deprived , but laurel canyon is a fair substitute . 
 before the drive out here , numi gave me one of his natural body cleanses to extricate the toxins . 
 the cleanse consisted of green tea with organic honey , and he also made me a lentil soup he insists will help me feel better . 
 i do not tell numi that i do n't feel better . 
 i act as if i do , although i 'm certain he sees through my charade . 
 mostly , though , he sees in me a renewed purpose . 
 a reason for living . 
 and numi is all for me living . 
 it 's been two days since my visit with detective dobbs and i 've read and reread olivia 's police file , making notes until i could n't write any more . 
 i feel even closer to olivia now . 
 which is odd to say . 
 once i study up on them and the case , i always feel closer to the victims . 
 that closeness drives me to find them or their killers . 
 as if the dead speak to me from within the pages of the case files . 
 as numi and i sit together , i shrug off his arm that 's around my shoulder . 
 i need my space , dammit . 
 of course , that 's the ego talking . 
 maybe i have n't eradicated it yet , after all . 
 fifty feet below us is a trail through the canyon . 
 one of many trails . 
 olivia 's body was found not too far from here , just off the trail . 
 the location is just feet from where my own brother 's body was found nearly twenty-two years ago . 
 the same canyon . 
 the same damn hillside . 
 i am stunned by the proximity of two bodies found not far apart , but twenty-two years apart . 
 there were , of course , more similarities . 
 disturbing similarities . 
 my gut instincts wake up . 
 something scurries in the brush nearby . 
 in the branches above , a crow caws incessantly . 
 a small wind lifts my just-trimmed hair . 
 my head feels lighter since numi 's haircut . 
 on the wind are many scents , juniper being the only one that i recognize . 
 i recall olivia 's crime scene photos and i involuntarily gasp all over again . 
 ever alert , numi glances at me when i gasp . 
 but i do n't really see him . 
 no , i see her . 
 a woman i had cared for and admired . 
 i wish like hell that these were n't the last memories of her i would ever have . 
 in the pictures , olivia 's eyes are half open . 
 she is also smiling-a fake smile , as the corners of her lips had been forced up after her death . 
 just like my brother 's had been . 
 sick , sick bastard . 
 olivia 's smile is , of course , a mockery . 
 she had not died smiling . 
 she had died painfully and alone and afraid . 
 just like my brother . 
 both wounds , of course , had been identical : slit throats . 
 tears sting my eyes . 
 who the fuck slits the throat of a nine-year-old boy ? 
 that single , destructive act had destroyed all the love in my heart forever . 
 never again did i believe in love or hope or humanity . 
 the world and god and human nature became my enemy . 
 numi thinks my piss-poor attitude about life has led to my own bad health . 
 too much anger , he tells me , manifests in the body as a disease . 
 well , that is certifiable proof that i am very , very angry . 
 olivia had brought a piece of leftover pizza for her hike but never had the chance to eat it . 
 the pizza slice and plastic ziploc bag had been found back in elysian park and dusted unsuccessfully for fingerprints . 
 the killer had placed olivia 's arms at her sides in laurel canyon , her palms turned upward . 
 in one hand , olivia is holding a single pepperoni ; in the other , a perfect square had been carved . 
 the killer took a piece of pepperoni from elysian park to laurel canyon . 
 i am blown away by that knowledge . 
 it is , of course , this last bit of evidence that reaches inside me and takes hold and gives me renewed purpose . 
 it is this last bit of evidence that , for me , leaves little doubt about who i 'm dealing with . 
 the same killer . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 i keep my eyes closed . 
 i feel the sun on the back of my neck , on my face . 
 there is no wind now , only the heat and the damn crow and numi breathing lightly on me . 
 i take a deep breath , filling my tired and diseased lungs with as much air as they can manage . 
 i am here but not here . 
 i am in a deeply meditative state . 
 there is no pain here . 
 there is no death or disease or suffering . 
 i am free here . 
 the sound of numi 's perfectly working lungs briefly makes me jealous . 
 but only briefly . 
 truth be known , anyone with a pulse and a lifespan longer than three months makes me jealous these days . 
 my brother 's case is cold , despite my best efforts . 
 i have memorized every notation in his file . 
 i have talked to every investigator and witness involved , many times over . 
 they are all sympathetic to me . 
 but the case is cold . 
 very , very cold . 
 until now . 
 i begin rocking on the bench . 
 i ca n't stop myself , do n't want to stop myself . 
 tears collect in the corners of my eyes . 
 i wonder again what my brother 's last thoughts were . 
 had he prayed for help ? 
 had he prayed that i would find him ? 
 his prayers , of course , had gone unanswered . 
 god , of course , had failed him . 
 but i had failed him most of all . 
 numi does n't speak as he lays a hand on my shoulder . 
 there are no words . 
 i am slightly distracted by his touch although not enough to stop the tears . 
 the square that had been carved into olivia 's palm had been done so meticulously , perfectly , each side measuring exactly the same length . 
 carved , right there in the center of her palm . 
 i continue rocking . 
 i really do n't have the energy to rock , but i do it anyway , faster now . 
 i rock and huddle in on myself because my brother had been marked as well . 
 yes , marked and desecrated . 
 i ca n't afford to cry , to expend the energy on tears , but they flow anyway as i recall my brother 's crime-scene photos . 
 there had been , of course , a large number `` 8 '' carved deep into his chest . 
 perfectly carved . 
 as i weep silently , numi reaches his arm around me and holds me and i let him . 
 i let him ... `` we 'll find him , cowboy , '' he whispers , and he keeps whispering it , even as i continue weeping and rocking . 
 chapter fifteen it 's late afternoon and my apartment is stifling . 
 except i 'm deathly cold-with emphasis on the deathly . 
 numi systematically opens all the windows and curtains . 
 numi thinks that i need fresh air to help me breathe . 
 not to mention my place smells like death warmed over . 
 literally . 
 dying smells . 
 he has already placed a half-dozen pillows behind me so that i rest in a half-sitting position . 
 this will prolong the period before my inevitable pneumonia , the doctors tell me , and so numi takes every precaution to keep me as healthy as long as possible . 
 i do not tell numi that i do n't care about the room 's temperature , or about sitting up , or about the fresh air . 
 i do not tell him mostly because i do n't have the strength to protest , and numi would n't listen anyway . 
 i am in his care now . 
 i am his patient . 
 i am not sure how i feel about this , but what can i do ? 
 the fates placed into my life a gay african artist with a heart of gold . 
 go figure . 
 what i really want is more espresso . 
 now that is my drug of choice these days . 
 i am sick of being tired . 
 i 'm sick of being sick . 
 i want to die or get better . 
 no more middle in-between . 
 except i know how this is going to end . 
 i have had more trouble breathing the last few days than all the other days combined . 
 numi knows this , too . 
 he knows my body and habits and rhythms intimately . 
 i 'm not sure how i feel about this either . 
 actually , i do know how i feel about it . 
 i 'm uncomfortable about it . 
 but also thankful . 
 i 'm not sure what i did to deserve his loyalty , but he has literally , and single-handedly , added months to my life . 
 i watch him as he goes about my apartment . 
 his jaw is set . 
 his nice shirt has untucked itself as he reaches up for my windows and curtains . 
 there is some sweat on his brow . 
 he does n't complain . 
 he does n't judge . 
 he just helps . 
 always helping . 
 he glances at me , sees me watching him . 
 `` you appreciating my form , cowboy ? '' 
 he says . 
 except i do n't answer . 
 i 'm not sure what to say . 
 i want to say thank you for giving me his time and energy-hell , his own life . 
 except i am uncomfortable opening up to another man . 
 and so we look at each other some more . 
 numi 's hard eyes soften a little . 
 i make a noncommittal face , and look away . 
 i think numi was thinking i might finally open up . 
 i sense his disappointment as i study the window next to me . 
 he goes back to work on the windows . 
 i 'm fighting for breath . 
 numi is next to me in bed , willing me to breathe with his strong hands on my shoulders and his encouraging words . 
 the need for oxygen overpowers the pain in my bones and i actually find this somewhat of a relief . 
 choose your poison , i think . 
 `` help me , numi ... '' i gasp . 
 `` you 're going to be okay , brother . '' 
 he says these words with strength and power and i can feel something coming from him and into me , and i know it 's strength , energy , power . 
 `` numi ... '' `` calm down , brother . 
 breathe , there you go , there you go . '' 
 there , there ... there 's the breath i need , that i crave . 
 oh , god , so nice , so good , so beautiful ... i breathe and weep and look into numi 's gentle eyes and for the first time i see a tear in his eyes . 
 it 's beginning , i think . 
 numi helps bring the glass of water to my lips . 
 i sip the water . 
 it helps a little . 
 i know i have to keep up my strength but i 'm torn between keeping myself in the best health possible and just staying strong enough to solve this case . 
 i owe it to olivia and , more importantly , i owe it to my brother . 
 numi understands this . 
 he is my closest friend and he understands that i am walking on the edge of a knife . 
 he sees my dilemma as clearly as i do . 
 i need to keep myself alive long enough to find the killer . 
 i need the espressos , if not something stronger and perhaps illegal , to think clearly . 
 i also need to treat my body-this body that has failed me-as a temple . 
 it is a fine line . 
 no , i think again . 
 i have failed my own body . 
 you and you alone are the cause of this . 
 the cause of everything . 
 i understand this . 
 it has taken me some thirty-nine odd years to understand the lessons of taking responsibility . 
 a good lesson to know , for sure , except i could n't do much with it . 
 not now . 
 `` rest , cowboy , '' numi says as he draws a blanket around me . 
 `` tell you what , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll rest if you make a run to the coffee bean . '' 
 i try to make my voice strong but the words come out as a whisper . 
 `` or you will rest and do what i say , cowboy . '' 
 `` please , numi . 
 help a brother out . 
 caffeine . '' 
 we are alone in my apartment . 
 we might as well be alone in the world . 
 it is just numi and me . 
 as i suspect it will be to the end . 
 numi 's palpable stare searches my face . 
 as it does , the corners of his mouth begin to quiver , and then he breaks out into a wide smile , showing a lot of perfectly white teeth . 
 `` i think i 've helped this brother out above and beyond the call of duty . '' 
 `` please , numi . 
 coffee is life . '' 
 he shakes his head once . 
 always once . 
 numi does n't waste his movements . 
 `` you need a few hours of rest , cowboy . 
 otherwise you wo n't be help to anyone . 
 not eddie , not olivia . 
 not your brother . '' 
 `` if you do n't go for me , i 'll call a cab , '' i threaten , but we both know this will never happen . 
 i would n't be able to walk down the stairs from my apartment to a cab without numi 's help and he knows it . 
 numi leans against the wall with his strong arms crossed and one foot hiked up against the wall . 
 he is my friend , the only friend i have left . 
 he studies me as one studies a fine painting and i fight my discomfort . 
 he holds my gaze and i sense his great love for me . 
 i am uncomfortable that a man loves me , even friendly love . 
 numi does not hold back his feelings . 
 yes , he is a man of few words , but he does not hide his emotions . 
 they are there , on his face , in his eyes . 
 in his touch . 
 in his tenderness . 
 in his sacrifice . 
 he is his own passionate art , personified . 
 i could learn from him . 
 i need to learn from him . 
 finally , he nods . 
 `` okay , brother . 
 i 'll go for you if you promise to rest while i 'm gone . '' 
 numi does n't ask much of me , so when he does , i try to comply . 
 `` i promise . 
 and i 'll drink all of this crap . '' 
 i gesture to the water and even the disgusting liquid cleanse he 's made for me again . 
 numi simply nods and , with his eyes still lingering on me , finally lets himself out of the apartment . 
 i gave my word to numi that i would sleep . 
 numi knows that i sometimes say what he wants to hear , although most of the time i try to comply . 
 he has become more of a nurse than a friend these last couple of weeks . 
 he does n't have to do it , of course . 
 he can walk away and wish me luck , like my other friends . 
 numi , of course , is not like my other friends . 
 numi is an angel , although i can never bring myself to tell him that . 
 he will be with me through to the bitter end , of this i have no doubt , and i am fortunate to have such a friend . 
 i am undeserving of such a friend . 
 what did i ever do to deserve such loyalty and love ? 
 i do n't know , but i have it and i know a part of me treasures it . 
 the part of me that is comfortable with another man 's affection . 
 a very , very small part of me . 
 i nearly smile as i turn over in bed . 
 i can not sleep . 
 how could i sleep when my brother 's killer is still out there ? 
 olivia 's killer , too . 
 the same fucking killer . 
 as i close my eyes and try to sleep , the chaotic images come again . 
 they are the surest proof i have that i am going to die insane . 
 i do n't want to die insane . 
 but i have no choice , no choice ... swirling images , coming fast . 
 so fast and strange and beautiful and surreal . 
 incomprehensible , comprehensible . 
 bright and not so bright . 
 one such amorphous light scatters into a school of frightened fish . 
 swirling mist morphs into my mom , my friends , and then a face with a beard . 
 i have no idea who the face belongs to . 
 i do n't have time to ponder because my mind continues to spin out of control , spinning , scattering , fragmenting , disappearing into nothing . 
 a lost mind ... the ultimate death . 
 and then one such image appears from the sea of insanity . 
 it is a face that i know well , although i rarely gaze upon it without the `` 8 '' carved in his chest and the slit along his tender throat . 
 my brother steps forward out of the flashing brilliance of a lost mind ... he steps forward and seemingly into my bedroom , although my eyes are still closed . 
 in this image , his neck is whole and his chest is unmarked . 
 i would like to say it is as i remember him , but he is different now . 
 yes , he still looks young , but i see an ancient wisdom on his young face . 
 he is made of light . 
 beautiful , pulsating light . 
 and his image holds . 
 it does n't scatter or morph into something else . 
 he smiles upon me kindly , loving , conveying a love that i do not deserve . 
 i deserve no love . 
 i can accept no love from him or numi or anyone . 
 i failed him . 
 failed him worse than any brother has failed a brother , ever . 
 i have seen the image of my brother before , stepping through the chaos of my nearly lost mind . 
 these days , the image seems to be coming more and more . 
 as i have often done in the past , i try to apologize , but my mouth will not open . 
 the words will not come . 
 and , as i struggle for breath and will my mouth to work , for my voice to come , the image of my dead little brother fades , and matt seems to step back into the chaos of my mind , back to wherever he came from . 
 i sit up now , weeping hard , although i do n't have the strength to weep . 
 the tears and heaving wipe me out , and i do finally sleep , i think . 
 the sleep does n't last long . 
 i maneuver my bare feet to the soft carpet and into slippers . 
 i do n't know why i care about slippers anymore . 
 but i do . 
 slippers are civilized . 
 i want to be civilized even in death . 
 i rise , sway , find my balance , and move carefully to the kitchen table , where my notes are spread over the table , along with the grisly images of both police reports . 
 my dead brother and olivia both stare back at me , both smiling , both carved with cryptic symbols . 
 the motherfucker . 
 the key is here somewhere . 
 in my notes . 
 in these photographs . 
 in these nearly worthless witness statements . 
 in here . 
 right here . 
 staring at me , like my brother is staring at me now . 
 i call silently to olivia , willing her back onto my shoulder , but she does not come . 
 i am on my own now . 
 a soft knock on the door pulls me out of my lonely thoughts . 
 no one comes to visit me these days , except one person . 
 one beautiful person . 
 i rise , pull my slender fingers through my thinning hair , and open the door for mary . 
 chapter sixteen mary stands there , smiling . 
 i silently thank numi for insisting i brush my teeth and wash my face before promising to get some shut-eye . 
 forgotten are the ugly photos and the police reports on the table . 
 so very , very ugly , but never forgotten for long . 
 i think i must have my days mixed up-mary is n't due here today , is she ? 
 `` well , are you going to invite me in or not , mr. detective man ? '' 
 i realize i have been staring . 
 my brain is still in the sea of light with my brother . 
 i force myself back to the present , back to reality . 
 a shitty reality , to be sure . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i smile . 
 i try to appear normal , affable . 
 but not cool . 
 never cool . 
 i gave up looking cool the moment i discovered i had aids . 
 these days , i strive for looking sane . 
 i do n't think i 'm doing a very good job of it . 
 it is unusual for mary to appear anything but calm and collected but she fusses with the indigo blue scarf wrapped around her delicate neck as we move into the living room . 
 she is dressed in jeans and a cardigan sweater-also a first . 
 mary has no folders or notebooks today . 
 she seats herself on the couch instead of her usual spot in the chair . 
 i distantly hear myself asking if she would like anything to drink . 
 coffee , soda , wine ? 
 i am now astounded that she gazes up at me and asks if a glass of wine would be too much trouble . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 i am equally delighted and disheartened that she wants wine . 
 delighted because this appears to be a social visit . 
 disheartened because i doubt that i have the strength to uncork a bottle of wine . 
 despite my low blood pressure , i feel the pulse drumming in my temples in excitement . 
 in the kitchen , i fumble with the corkscrew . 
 i curse myself for my weakened state . 
 perspiration beads my forehead as i try desperately to gain some traction into the soft cork . 
 soft or not , i just do n't have the strength . 
 i inhale a little too sharply as a gentle hand falls upon my shoulder . 
 i turn , defeated , sweating , shaking . 
 mary smiles up at me . 
 i feel like weeping , to let loose . 
 to collapse . 
 i do n't do any of those things . 
 i smile weakly . 
 `` can i help , sweetie ? '' 
 i only nod and smile . 
 her smile does not contain sympathy or pity , as most other smiles do these days . 
 her smile conveys ... i swallow . 
 hard . 
 her smile , i 'm certain , conveys love . 
 real love . 
 romantic love . 
 jesus , i think . 
 the woman is crazier than me . 
 she takes the corkscrew from me and proceeds to open the bottle . 
 her hands are strong , lithe , dexterous . 
 i want to do something , to help even in a small way , and so i reach for two wine glasses . 
 my shaking hands nearly drop them as i set/slam them before her . 
 surely she sees my shaking hands , sees me struggling , but she says nothing . 
 she simply purrs and smiles . 
 i sense raw sexuality coming off her in pulsating waves . 
 she does not comment that i should n't be drinking . 
 she pours and smiles and radiates ... love . 
 we take our drinks back into the living room . 
 i 'm feeling more alive than i have in a long , long time . 
 a dead part of me is awakening , too . 
 i 'm astounded at that stirring of my body . 
 we sit closer to each other than we ever have before . 
 i 'm in love with her and i 'm living on borrowed time . 
 i am euphoric that mary is here with her too-long nose and her straight blond hair and rose-petal lips . 
 she 's here with me drinking wine and caring for me and loving me . 
 there is nothing else in this moment that i want . 
 nothing but mary . 
 her delicate skin is flushed as she glances away shyly . 
 `` perhaps i should n't have come , '' she says . 
 `` i. . . 
 i wanted to see how you were doing . '' 
 i do n't buy it . 
 i think she wants something else . 
 i say , `` i ca n't tell you how glad i am that you did . 
 mary ... '' my voice trails off . 
 not because i do n't have the strength , but because i do n't want to waste time with blather . 
 i just want to take in her fragrance . 
 interestingly , even as my strength wanes , my senses seemed to have heightened . 
 her sweet perfume awakens within me a hunger that i had shut down months ago , seemingly years ago . 
 mary has stepped out of her professional role and into my life , my personal life , and i am not sure what to do with her . 
 it had been so long . 
 so very , very long . 
 i swallow . 
 i 'm suddenly not sure what do with my hands . 
 my aches and exhaustion disappear into the background . 
 but they are still there , always there . 
 i wrap my brain around the situation again . 
 mary has come to me . 
 mary has come to my home when she was n't required to . 
 nobody does that anymore . 
 nobody except numi . 
 and numi is the furthest thing from my mind right now . 
 `` mary , '' i say again as i finally decide to lay my hand on hers . 
 i decide to open with a joke . 
 `` what brings you here ? '' 
 mary 's blush deepens slightly . 
 she is not the case worker now and i like her self-consciousness even more than i like her professionalism . 
 `` i was in the neighborhood ... '' she trails off and i actually laugh . 
 she laughs , too . 
 two normal people enjoying wine , laughing , life . 
 no one facing imminent death . 
 except i am facing imminent death , and with each passing breath , it 's coming closer and closer . 
 no time to play coy . 
 no time to court her . 
 only us , now , in the moment . 
 `` you wanted to see me . '' 
 mary downs a little too much wine . 
 she 's nervous , but not unsure of herself . 
 i sense that her feelings for me are real . 
 `` yes , jimmy . 
 i came to see you , and only you . '' 
 mary looks down at our now-entwined hands and i look , too . 
 i am surprised to see-and feel-her own hand shaking slightly . 
 this is n't easy on her , either . 
 how is it easy to fall in love with a dead man walking ? 
 i can not afford sorrow , especially not from mary . 
 i do n't have time for sorrow . 
 i reach for her face with my other hand and draw her chin up and she looks deep into my eyes . 
 we do not speak because there are no words that will change anything . 
 not my disease or the fragile state of my body . 
 words will not change the love i have for this beautiful woman who had the courage to accept her feelings for a dying man . 
 and come to me without her notebooks or any pretense . 
 she was here . 
 for me . 
 i gently wipe away a tear that has beaded in the corner of her eye . 
 surprisingly , my hand is not shaking as i make the gesture . 
 she gives me strength . 
 as i do so , mary leans in and her extraordinarily soft lips brush my own . 
 our brushing , curious , timid lips take on more courage , and soon they press harder and harder ... she is taking a chance kissing me , i know . 
 there are no documented cases of aids being transferred through saliva , through kissing , but i know-and suspect-it is a fear for many people . 
 but not mary , not now . 
 she has no fear . 
 not as our lips press harder and harder . 
 i would not kiss her if i thought i would harm her or make her sick . 
 our lips press harder . 
 our tongues find each other . 
 our hands find each other , too , exploring . 
 i 'm afraid of what she might find . 
 bones and flesh and emaciation . 
 i 'm still me , i think . 
 still me ... i think positive about my flesh . 
 i will it to rise to love . 
 we kiss and explore and taste and weep , and i am not very surprised that soon i taste our salty tears , too . 
 mary is lovely in sleep . 
 her blond hair is now silver in the soft moonlight and spreads over her shoulders and breasts . 
 her blue eyes are closed and she rests her head on my pillow . 
 i ask myself again which is more beautiful , the lovemaking or mary asleep beside me , her hand resting on my chest . 
 we had been gentle , at least at first . 
 mary 's tenderness as she undressed me and kissed every part of my body before opening herself to me filled me again with a desire that i had never known in my life . 
 i relive now every detail and realize it is joy that i am feeling as i envision again my mouth around her hard nipples as she cried out with pleasure . 
 i actually ache at the memory of entering her carefully , my erection protected in not one , but two condoms . 
 she was so fearless , so bold , and i was so careful . 
 so very , very careful . 
 i often checked on my wrappings . 
 they held in place and she was safe and i held her close to my heart and soon we both orgasmed . 
 my own briefly took me out of my body . 
 i was in no condition to orgasm . 
 i might have briefly died . 
 i do n't know . 
 but one moment i was there , and the next , i was briefly hovering above us , looking down , seeing us together , me on top and panting . 
 her beneath me and panting , her fingertips pressed deep in my back . 
 my too-thin back . 
 i could see every rib , every bone . 
 my ass was nonexistent . 
 i was not much of a man anymore . 
 the sensation only lasted a heartbeat or two , and then i was back on top of her , still inside her ... very much a man . 
 now i lay next to mary-my mary , at least for now-and i let the tears come quietly so as not to wake the delicate angel next to me . 
 i weep because i know that i can not handle another lovemaking session . 
 that much i know . 
 my next lovemaking session would kill me , but i can not think of a better way to go . 
 chapter seventeen it 's been two days since i 've heard from or seen mary . 
 two very long and hard days . 
 numi and i are at the bean . 
 i watch as numi 's pen fills out the pages in his journal with his long , elegant strokes . 
 i know he is watching me as well . 
 he has hidden his surprise at my somewhat renewed strength . 
 these days , i feel better . 
 i am walking mostly on my own and i have a refreshing color to my face . 
 at least , i think so . 
 we sit at our regular umbrella-covered table and this time , when the sun 's rays find my exposed flesh , i move my hand into the shade . 
 these days , i no longer wish for death . 
 or treat my body recklessly . 
 my new motto is `` one more day . '' 
 one more day with numi . 
 one more day with mary . 
 one more day . 
 and with each passing day , i give thanks to whoever is around that gives a damn if i gave thanks . 
 even if i never see mary again . 
 or hear from her again . 
 even if i die alone with numi by my side , i give thanks . 
 mary has given me a rare and beautiful gift . 
 still , say that to my aching heart . 
 the one that has to leave her . 
 with renewed vigor , i reach for my latte as numi sips his iced coffee . 
 my notes lay in a neat stack in front of me , untouched . 
 every few minutes , i direct my thoughts to the murder puzzle . 
 the answer may or may not be in my notes . 
 but then i usually lose focus and find myself wondering when or if mary will return to me . 
 my mind vacillates between the two and numi sets his book down and folds his arms . 
 `` you 've got to let it go , man . '' 
 numi knows that i am pining for her , willing her to contact me . 
 but i will not reach out to her . 
 no . 
 a dead man has no right to reach out to anyone . 
 at least , that 's what i tell myself . 
 `` i do n't have to do anything but pay taxes and die , '' i say . 
 `` and my taxes are already paid . '' 
 `` she will come back or she wo n't . 
 either way , we have a killer to find . '' 
 numi is eager to put this case behind us , i know . 
 eager to get me back on a path to rest and treatment . 
 he was surprised and , i suspected , slightly jealous when i told him about mary . 
 i do n't believe he thought i had it in me . 
 but i did . 
 at least one last time . 
 one last , beautiful act . 
 but i hope not . 
 i hope for more . 
 i hope for a lot more with mary . 
 but i have no right to hope . 
 i have no reason to hope . 
 who am i to hope ? 
 today is cool , despite the shining sun . 
 a soft breeze pushes the umbrella back and forth . 
 i watch it flap and move . 
 a young couple is sitting at the table next to us with a toddler who 's making a royal mess out of a croissant . 
 i watch the child play and eat and make faces and destroy the croissant . 
 numi is watching me . 
 i can feel the weight of his stare on me . 
 i also feel his concern , his worry . 
 the toddler looks at me and smiles big for no good reason . 
 i want to smile back but my strength is suddenly gone , and so i stare at the little boy , apologizing through my eyes for not returning his smile . 
 she will come , i think and look away . 
 maybe . 
 i know i am behaving like a schoolboy . 
 i know it 's silly to let my heart sing when i continue to live on borrowed time . 
 i do n't care , really . 
 my numbered days now have two purposes . 
 just a few weeks ago , i had none . 
 i will solve these cases , i resolve silently . 
 both of them . 
 and i will love mary . 
 my cell phone rings , which is a rare occurrence these days . 
 admittedly , i reach for it a little too excitedly , hoping beyond hope that it 's mary . 
 it 's not . 
 it 's a restricted number . 
 deflated , i set the phone aside . 
 i do n't have the energy for people i do n't know . 
 with it still ringing , numi reaches across the table and picks it up . 
 `` hey , '' i say . 
 he ignores me and answers . 
 as he listens to the caller on the other end , i inhale the smell of croissants and cigarette smoke and , most of all , the coffee . 
 since when did coffee smell so damn heavenly ? 
 since you decided you were in love , dummy , i answer myself and smile . 
 numi holds my cell phone out to me . 
 `` i think you might want to take this , cowboy . '' 
 i take it , too weak to resist . 
 `` hello , '' i say , or try to say . 
 the croak that comes out is barely discernible . 
 `` booker ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say , clearing my throat . 
 i recognize the voice but my brain is n't firing very quickly . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 `` it 's detective paul dobbs . '' 
 i sit up a little , or try to . 
 mostly , i hunch a little across the table . 
 i hold the phone closer . 
 the toddler has chosen this moment to make a strong , unsatisfactory statement regarding his confining high chair . 
 `` detective , '' i say . 
 `` how can i help you ? '' 
 i think i sound like myself , but who knows . 
 truth was , i do n't remember how i used to sound . 
 dobbs hesitates . 
 `` how you feeling , booker ? '' 
 `` sexy as hell . '' 
 he snorts . 
 `` always the clown . '' 
 `` you 're not calling about my health , detective . '' 
 `` no . 
 not this time . '' 
 `` so what is it ? '' 
 i ask , and already suspect i know the answer . 
 `` we have another body here . '' 
 that is the answer i suspected . 
 dobbs asks if i can meet him at the station . 
 i do n't have it in me to meet at the station . 
 i give him a lame excuse about needing to be home to keep an eye on my house cleaner . 
 i can almost see him shake his head , and can almost feel him regretting his decision to bring me in on the case . 
 but he agrees and we hang up . 
 chapter eighteen i 've just had two espressos and put some more preparation h around my eyes and changed into a fresh shirt when we hear the knock on the door . 
 i am chilled now , which is a sign of waning energy , but i hand the blanket that covers my thin body to numi and he folds it quickly and tosses it onto my bed before answering the door . 
 numi nods once at the detective , who nods in return . 
 men of few words . 
 numi has made it known that he thinks i 've had enough excitement for one day . 
 by `` excitement , '' he means us going to the coffee bean . 
 my body tends to agree with him . 
 it wants to sleep the day away , or lose itself in the chaos of my scattered mind . 
 but i do n't have that luxury . 
 not with the detective in charge of olivia 's murder showing up . 
 not with my brother 's killer still out there . 
 i ask if the detective wants a drink , praying like hell he does n't . 
 and , like most of my prayers , this one goes unanswered . 
 the detective asks what i have . 
 i tell him scotch . 
 he says , `` good enough . '' 
 i fight off a grimace as i rise from the couch . 
 numi does n't like any of this . 
 but i make a show of being a good host . 
 i need the detective on my side . 
 i need him to open up to me . 
 i need him to believe i am a capable worker . 
 i am , in essence , putting on the show of my life . 
 i pour the drinks in the kitchen . 
 i ask numi if he wants one and he declines . 
 numi rarely drinks . 
 i suspect my friend has given up the hard stuff to be ever alert for my needs . 
 a good man . 
 he has given up much for me . 
 i should feel more appreciation , except i do n't . 
 mostly , i do n't understand how one man can love another so much . 
 numi takes a seat on the couch so that i can have the benefit of the overstuffed chair where i can prop up my arms and sit up straight . 
 as i finish making the drink , i see that my hands are shaking badly . 
 i take a swig from my own stiff drink , pause , collect myself , and then head into the living room with the drinks . 
 i will my hands to be steady as i hand the detective his drink . 
 `` thanks , '' he says . 
 `` you look better . '' 
 i 'm surprised to hear him say this . 
 i feel like a total wreck , but a little lovemaking goes a long way , apparently . 
 `` i am better , '' i lie . 
 `` so what 's the prognosis these days ? '' 
 `` you mean am i going to live or die ? '' 
 he drinks uncomfortably from his drink . 
 `` well , i assume you are going to live . '' 
 `` is n't it pretty to think so ? '' 
 i say , quoting my favorite book . 
 `` but it 's still too early to tell . '' 
 `` or maybe you 're putting on a song and dance for me , '' he says . 
 numi 's eyes flash and i shake my head slightly , willing him to relax . 
 i say , `` or maybe that , too . '' 
 he does n't say anything . 
 he is absorbing this news . 
 he looks at me from over his drink . 
 then he briefly looks at numi and then back at me . 
 `` this case is important to you , is n't it ? '' 
 `` more than you know . '' 
 `` i suspect i know . '' 
 i do n't beg him to help me . 
 i do n't plead with him to keep me in the loop . 
 i just sit there and look at him and wait . 
 finally , he nods . 
 `` i 'm going to assume you are getting better , booker . 
 i 'm going to assume you are not feigning getting better so that i do n't dump you from the case . '' 
 `` he said feigning , '' says numi , grinning . 
 `` must be fancy detective speak , '' i say . 
 dobbs shakes his head . 
 `` if you two clowns are done , let 's get down to business . '' 
 and we do . 
 dobbs tosses another file onto the coffee table . 
 i take another strong draw of my scotch for good measure and reach for the manila folder . 
 i flip past the scribbled notes and over to the black-and-white crime scene photos . 
 despite myself , i gasp . 
 chapter nineteen `` same mo , '' dobbs is saying as i gaze down at the overweight latino boy . 
 he looks to be around fourteen and his neck is slit and his lips have been obviously maneuvered to an upward position . 
 the ground around him has been cleared in a circle as before . 
 his arms have been positioned out and up . 
 if he 'd been standing , he 'd be pointing towards the heavens . 
 the boy 's mouth is open and stuffed messily with something white and creamy . 
 sweet jesus . 
 a combination of revulsion and horror racks me and i find myself rocking in the chair . 
 rocking and running my fingers through my hair . 
 yes , i have seen a lot of murder victims-and many of my missing person cases turn into murder cases-but i am not prepared for this . 
 it hits too close to home , and the horror of discovering my little brother had been murdered in a similar fashion sweeps through me . 
 i feel myself shutting down . 
 i feel myself wanting to leave this miserable fucking world once and for all . 
 no , i think as i rock and now hold my arms . 
 no . 
 not until this motherfucker is found . 
 `` what 's in his mouth ? '' 
 i hear myself ask after a few minutes . 
 `` a piece of cheesecake , '' dobbs answers with a professionalism i am trying to match . 
 but i sense his own horror . 
 and this is coming from an lapd homicide detective . 
 a guy who eats donuts while reading homicide case files . 
 `` when was he found ? '' 
 `` yesterday afternoon . '' 
 `` time of death ? '' 
 `` only a few hours before he was found . '' 
 two days ago , this boy had been alive and well . 
 two days ago , this boy might have been on his way to a dodgers game with his own older brother , only to have his world torn apart , even as his throat had been torn apart . 
 sweet , sweet jesus . 
 `` who found him ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i know the info is in the report , but i ca n't take my eyes off the horrific picture . 
 my voice does n't sound my own . 
 `` hikers . 
 not far from the main path . 
 like with olivia ... '' `` and my brother . '' 
 `` yes , your brother . 
 i 've been looking into your brother 's case , booker . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` i think you 're right . 
 they 're related . '' 
 numi makes a noncommittal sound that could have been a snort . 
 to the uninitiated , it could have been a cough . 
 i knew , however , it was numi 's way of saying , `` no shit , sherlock . '' 
 dobbs looks over at my friend , who is sitting back on the couch with his eyes half-closed . 
 numi could have been asleep , or disinterested . 
 he is neither , i know . 
 he is hearing everything , digesting everything , making sense of everything . 
 dobbs looks back at me after giving numi a hard look . 
 numi gives no indication of seeing him , although i knew he had . 
 dobbs says , `` look , booker , i 'm sorry i did n't believe you before . 
 i never said i was n't a stubborn ass . '' 
 i nod . 
 i am anxious now . 
 being anxious means i will soon have trouble breathing again and i can not allow this to happen . 
 not now , not in front of detective dobbs . 
 `` please excuse me , '' i say . 
 i avoid numi 's raised eyebrows-his indication of concern-and command my feet to take me into the bathroom . 
 once there , i drink from the faucet . 
 i urinate into a toilet that seems to be on rollers . 
 i mostly miss . 
 at least my kidneys are functioning , working hard now to rid my body of the toxic liquids i 've just ingested . 
 i wet a washcloth and wipe my face , careful not to touch any of the preparation h . 
 then i focus on my breathing , aware that i 've been in here too long already . 
 i close my eyes and envision my lungs as healthy and alive , open and calmly inhaling and exhaling . 
 thirty seconds of this seems to help . 
 i wipe my sweaty face one last time , and then open the door to find numi waiting outside , casually leaning a muscular shoulder against the door frame . 
 `` you okay , cowboy ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i 'm suddenly aware of the many , many times he has asked me this very same question . 
 i 'm also aware that mostly no one else asks . 
 just numi . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i just needed a moment . 
 please , numi , go back out there . 
 talk to him . '' 
 my friend studies me some more , and i realize again how much of my life is in his hands . 
 should he decide that i 'd had enough excitement for one day , he would usher the detective out , and there was n't a damn thing i could do about it . 
 but numi knows this is important to me . 
 more important than anything i have left in this life . 
 even mary . 
 `` please , '' i whisper . 
 he does n't like it . 
 he does n't like any of this . 
 but he finally nods and eases off from the doorjamb . 
 soon , i hear quiet conversation in the living room . 
 i breathe and envision my lungs healthy and working fine . 
 i make sure my shirt is tucked in properly and then rejoin them . 
 `` sorry about that , '' i say lightly to dobbs . 
 i ease myself into my chair , propping myself up . 
 `` small side effects from my new regimen . '' 
 this is somewhat true . 
 dobbs regards me for a moment . 
 i do not smile as i pick up the file again and pretend to study it . 
 it 's a copy of the original , and i know dobbs will leave the file with me , as well . 
 all i have to do is maintain a healthy appearance until he leaves . 
 just a few more minutes , goddammit . 
 i motion to the gruesome pictures . 
 `` was he murdered prior to being left in laurel canyon ? '' 
 `` we think so . '' 
 `` like the others , '' i say . 
 `` yes . 
 murdered elsewhere , dumped in laurel canyon . '' 
 `` but not quite dumped , '' i say . 
 `` carefully arranged . '' 
 the detective nods , and then shakes his head all over again . 
 i say , `` but unlike the others , this one is n't marked . '' 
 i could have said carved or inscribed , but that seemed too horrible to say aloud . 
 dobbs glances at me and i see the confusion on his face . 
 he 's at a total loss . 
 and there 's a lot riding on this case , on him . 
 a serial killer loose in l.a. does n't reflect well on the city . 
 he needs me . 
 hell , he needs anyone who will help . 
 `` i was hoping you 'd have some insight about that , booker . '' 
 dobbs reaches into his shirt pocket and removes a packet of cigarettes . 
 `` you mind ? '' 
 `` yes , '' says numi . 
 `` we do mind . '' 
 my friend , who has been sitting back on the couch with his eyes half-closed has n't opened them any wider , has n't given any indication that he has seen what dobbs has been referring to . 
 but the force of his word is unmistakable and unshakeable . 
 dobbs , a man who hunts down the scum of the earth for a living , swallows and puts the box back into his pocket . 
 numi never moves . 
 after dobbs collects himself , he continues , `` as i said , i was hoping you might have some insight . 
 between me and you and your bodyguard - '' `` friend , '' i say . 
 `` whatever . 
 look , between me and you , you 're the best private dick i 've ever worked with . 
 if anyone can help me with this , it 's you . '' 
 `` takes a big man to admit it , '' i say . 
 `` you noticed i emphasized dick , '' he says . 
 `` i noticed , '' i say . 
 `` tell me more about the boy . '' 
 dobbs nods . 
 `` he was a special kid . 
 his mother told us he 'd been bullied in school about his weight . 
 he 'd gotten together some other overweight kids , and some others who 'd been bullied in other ways , and established an after-school program for latchkey youths . 
 not a month ago , he was interviewed for his fund-raising and educational efforts . 
 the day of his death , he 'd lost a little over thirty-one pounds . 
 said he had another forty-two to go . 
 he was happy for the first time since kindergarten , his mother said . '' 
 i make my own noncommittal sound , mostly because my broken heart has broken all over again . 
 jesus , who could do this to such a sweet boy ? 
 i also notice i have started shaking and perspiring again . 
 i wipe my forehead with the paper napkin i 'd brought along with the drinks . 
 `` let 's start with the similarities , '' i say . 
 i do n't have the strength to list the similarities , but the healthy detective certainly does . 
 he leans back , an indication that he does n't plan on leaving anytime soon . 
 `` we have the obvious ones : all three found near the same clearing in laurel canyon . 
 two of the three marked . 
 all had been killed prior to placement . 
 all three posed like dolls , including their expressions . '' 
 i think about that , and then add , `` what about fast food ? 
 olivia had a pepperoni in her hand . 
 this kid had cheesecake stuffed in his mouth . '' 
 dobbs nods . 
 `` that , too . 
 except your brother . '' 
 my brother , who had only the number `` 8 '' carved into his chest . 
 dobbs seems reluctant to point that out . 
 he knows that i know the circumstances of matt 's case all too well . 
 `` none are related , '' i say . 
 `` no . 
 neither did they appear to know each other . '' 
 he glances at me . 
 `` do you recognize the boy ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` is anything else standing out ? '' 
 i hear the desperation in his voice . 
 `` where was the boy last seen ? '' 
 `` brentwood . 
 walking home from school . '' 
 i think of the o.j. simpson case in the same brentwood neighborhood for no reason other than my brain is free-associating right now . 
 `` did anyone see anything ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he did n't arrive home . 
 he was last seen saying good-bye to some friends . '' 
 i study the crime scene pictures and remove my emotion . 
 something wants to click inside me , but it 's not there yet . 
 perhaps not even close . 
 but it 's there ... waiting to snap open . 
 `` i need time , detective , '' i say . 
 he nods , disappointed . 
 numi takes this as a cue and sits forward smoothly . 
 `` thank you for your time , detective . '' 
 dobbs gets the hint , although he does n't like it . 
 no homicide cop ever wants to be shown the door . 
 he stands . 
 i stand , too . 
 on shaky legs , of course . 
 i should be in a hospital bed . 
 not discussing the most important case of my career . 
 at the door , dobbs pauses and stares ahead , his back to me . 
 `` let 's find this fucker , '' he says without turning . 
 `` we will . '' 
 he continues standing there , staring ahead , and then he moves off , without looking back . 
 and without shaking my hand . 
 chapter twenty it is the next day . 
 my living room now looks like a csi investigator 's office . 
 at my request , numi has bought four easels and now they stand next to each other so i can study them from my chair . 
 the first three are reserved for each murder , consecutively . 
 my brother is up first . 
 notes down the left side , photos on the right . 
 next is olivia 's , set up in the same fashion . 
 then the latest victim , the fourteen-year-old boy . 
 each disturbing , heartbreaking , and fucked up beyond reason . 
 the far right easel is for my notes . 
 i have two columns on this one as well . 
 the left side contains official evidence the police have gathered . 
 times of death , locations , statements from witnesses . 
 all condensed in my shaking , scribbled notes . 
 i have documented the bodies ' positions , their conditions . 
 i have included anything else that i think might have some meaning . 
 as i scan the notes , i 'm mildly surprised there are neither footprints nor fingerprints found in any of the cases . 
 clever son of a bitch , i think , and sip from the hot tea numi has made me . 
 i know it will take a lot of forethought and , quite frankly , luck to leave neither type of evidence . 
 he 's strong , i suddenly think . 
 i nod to myself . 
 yes , this much was obvious . 
 would take a damned strong man to maneuver the bodies without messing up the crime scene . 
 also among my notes , i have laid out what i consider the most important clues left by the killer . 
 i focus on these clues : the position of the bodies , the cleared ground , the markings , even the cheesecake , crazy as that seems . 
 i continue sipping the green tea . 
 numi has left for the time being , but i know he will return in a couple of hours to check on me . 
 before leaving , along with the tea , he makes me a natural liver cleanser , frappeed from the blender with god knows what . 
 it is green in color and looks awful . 
 welcome to my world . 
 i can still taste what i assume is ginger , kale , cayenne pepper , and blackberries . 
 he insists i drink it before he leaves and although i have to choke down the last quarter , i am grateful for his effort . 
 but i do n't tell him i am grateful . 
 i put up a mild fight . 
 i resist . 
 i make his job harder than it has to be . 
 i am a dick to him sometimes . 
 okay , often . 
 i hate that about myself . 
 but still he comes back . 
 still he helps . 
 still he cares for me . 
 still he loves me . 
 why , i do n't know . 
 he just does . 
 i have my cell phone next to me , my hand ready to pick up if and when it rings . 
 mary finally called last night and i tried in vain to sound energetic and upbeat , but i could tell she detected this farce . 
 what she thought of the farce , i did n't know . 
 but mary , better than most , knew the full extent of my situation . 
 she also knew what she was getting into . 
 i would have loved to have seen her last night . 
 i would also love to not be dying . 
 anyway , i kick myself for not doing a better job of feigning improved health ; perhaps she would have come to me . 
 instead , she 'd promised to call me today . 
 better than nothing , i think . 
 and so i keep my phone next to me and i focus for the hundredth time on my clues . 
 a figure `` 8 . '' 
 a circle and a square . 
 fast food : pepperoni and cheesecake . 
 what do they all have in common ? 
 i can not for the life of me , no pun intended , see the connections . 
 my mind is slipping now , and i think mary will not call . 
 why should she ? 
 i 'm dying . 
 perhaps she wanted to give me some sense that i am still alive , still human . 
 a gift for the dying . 
 if so , it was a kind and thoughtful gift and i have no hard feelings towards her if she does n't want to see me again . 
 at least this is what i try to convince myself of . 
 with these photos in front of me , photos of the dead , i jump at the sudden knock on the door . 
 for an instant , i think it is the killer come to destroy what life i have left on this earth , and i instantly move my hand to the gun i have stashed in a nearby drawer . 
 i used to not be so jumpy . 
 i used to be calm and collected , trusting my instincts and street smarts to get me through any case . 
 now , i operate on a fear-based level , and i hate that about myself . 
 no fear , i think to myself as i stand on weak legs . 
 who would come here now ? 
 numi would let himself in . 
 mary promised to call . 
 detective dobbs is waiting for my professional opinions and conclusions . 
 there 's no one else in my life . 
 no one , at least , who gives a damn . 
 i realize it is getting dark and i have not turned on any lights . 
 i take a sip of the green tea , which is , incidentally , refreshing after all the caffeine and alcohol i 've ingested lately . 
 after a few sips-and after i wonder if this will be my last cup of green tea on this earth-i get up slowly . 
 i switch on a nearby lamp , and then head over to the front door where i look through the peephole . 
 eddie , olivia 's husband , is standing outside my door rocking back and forth , impatient . 
 eddie has always been a little impatient . 
 he 's glancing over his shoulder at something i ca n't see , and as he reaches up to knock again , i open the door . 
 `` eddie , '' i say , but my voice trails off . 
 i was n't expecting to see my onetime friend standing outside my door . 
 my onetime friend who 'd just discovered his wife had been brutally murdered . 
 i 've dealt with grieving families before , yes . 
 but rarely someone so close to me . 
 he nods sadly . 
 `` come in , '' i say . 
 `` thanks , jimmy . '' 
 `` how you holding up ? '' 
 i say lamely as i shut the door behind him , my brain not quite firing right . 
 then again , what the hell else am i supposed to say ? 
 eddie is running his fingers through hair that seems a bit greasy . 
 in fact , he looks like a royal mess . 
 no surprise there . 
 his wife had been found murdered just a few days earlier , her throat slit . 
 jesus , it is amazing he is even cognizant . 
 `` i 'm okay , i guess , '' he says . 
 he seems to lose his train of thought , blinks once , twice , looks at me again , and then says , `` i just wanted to see how you 're doing . '' 
 i 'm touched . 
 eddie seems to have done a complete one-eighty with me , from ignoring me to checking in on my health . 
 then again , my health has a direct bearing to me being able to work on this case . 
 i lead him into my living room and for some reason , i wish he did n't have to look at my easels . 
 my puzzle . 
 my case . 
 but he does see everything as he takes a seat . 
 from the couch , he ca n't quite see everything , but he understands that i am working . 
 i stand in front of the easel with olivia 's details . 
 i am not aware if eddie has seen his wife 's photos or not . 
 they 're not a pretty sight and certainly no way to remember a loved one . 
 i see the tears in his eyes . 
 too late . 
 he 's seen them . 
 he finally looks away , collects himself . 
 `` you are working on the case , '' he says . 
 `` hard as i can , '' i say . 
 he nods , fighting the tears . 
 the tears are n't for me . 
 they are for the woman he had created a life with , a woman he struggled with , a woman he often fought with . 
 a woman whose murdered body is presently on display behind me . 
 `` i hope i did n't come at a bad time . '' 
 `` probably never going to be a good time , eddie . 
 not anymore . '' 
 he looks at me for a long time . 
 `` it 's good to see you , jimmy . '' 
 `` what 's left of me . '' 
 `` you look , um , good . '' 
 i laugh . 
 why i find my failing health funny , i do n't know . 
 but i know eddie 's sense of humor and it gets to me . 
 with the exception of numi , eddie probably knows me best . 
 at least he did back when i was healthy . 
 back when i did n't know who my true friends were . 
 now i do , and eddie is n't one of them . 
 not anymore . 
 `` i look like shit , but thanks for sparing my feelings . '' 
 eddie smiles weakly , not really hearing me . 
 he 's lost in his own grief . 
 his lower jaw suddenly quivers . 
 `` i do n't know how to go on , jimmy . '' 
 i nod . 
 i do n't know what to say to him . 
 `` i do n't know how to recover from this . 
 i feel broken . 
 i feel helpless . 
 i do n't know what to do . '' 
 `` finding this asshole is a start , '' i say . 
 he nods , waits , and then nods again . 
 `` yes , i suppose so . 
 then what ? '' 
 `` we 'll take it one step at a time . '' 
 `` one step , '' he says . 
 he then looks around me at the pictures of his slaughtered wife . 
 `` where do you think she went , jimmy ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` that part of her that 's olivia . 
 not this ... this physical husk . '' 
 i 'd never heard of a human body referred to as a physical husk , but i play along . 
 `` somewhere better than here , let 's hope . '' 
 `` is that what you hope for when your time comes , jimmy ? '' 
 the question is more personal than i am prepared for . 
 but i am game . 
 i have thought long and hard about where i might go , if anywhere . 
 `` yes , '' i answer . 
 `` that 's what i hope . '' 
 `` somewhere better than here ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` is here so bad ? '' 
 i think about his question as i feel my body losing strength . 
 i finally sit next to him , stepping away from the easels . 
 `` it 's not so bad , eddie . 
 but it could be better . '' 
 he nods , and when he speaks , his voice is barely above a whisper . 
 `` better , yes . '' 
 `` where do you think she 's gone , eddie ? '' 
 he snaps his head up and says almost immediately , `` infinity . '' 
 `` infinity ? '' 
 i 've never heard of the great beyond referred to as infinity , but who is to say he is wrong ? 
 infinity is as good an answer as any . 
 i say , `` either way , she is at peace now . 
 no one can hurt her anymore . '' 
 eddie nods at this . 
 i can see he 's trying to stay calm , to keep it together , to hold back the tears . 
 he does n't need to hold back the tears . 
 i get the tears . 
 i 've seen the tears . 
 hell , i 've cried them enough for myself . 
 finally , he says , `` i never got to say ` sorry ' to her . 
 i think that 's what hurts more than anything . '' 
 i knew they fought often . 
 she had left him because of such a fight . 
 eddie is like most men . 
 neither good nor bad , just a guy doing his best with the psychological makeup he 'd developed over the years . 
 his personality was a bit of a hothead . 
 a bit of a dick . 
 but a big heart . 
 yes , i knew he had been infatuated with jewel , perhaps in love with her , too . 
 but the sorrow on his face convinces me he loved his wife as well . 
 two women he cared about . 
 both dead . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say . 
 `` and please do n't say she can hear me , that she 's near . 
 she 's not near , '' he says bitingly . 
 according to eddie , she 's in infinity , wherever the fuck that is . 
 i say nothing and wait . 
 i have n't planned on telling him she was near , but if my dreams and visions have anything to do with it , she is damn near . 
 closer than he might think . 
 that thought comforts me . 
 infinity ... not so much . 
 i do not want to think that when i die , my soul will be scattered into infinity , to be swept away in the great ethereal tide , to never return . 
 `` are you close , jimmy ? '' 
 i know what eddie is referring to . 
 i hear it all the time . 
 `` hard to say . '' 
 `` please help me find the bastard . '' 
 `` i 'm doing my best . '' 
 `` your best is better than most . '' 
 `` not anymore , '' i say . 
 `` not these days . '' 
 eddie suddenly frowns . 
 he 's been studying the pictures behind me . 
 `` do you mind if i have a look ? '' 
 `` are you sure , eddie ? '' 
 `` i 'll be okay . '' 
 eddie looks at my display of easels , scanning them as i have already done a hundred times . 
 `` what connection do you see ? '' 
 he inquires , without taking his eyes off my masterpieces . 
 for some reason , and without hesitation , i return the question . 
 `` that , '' i say , `` remains to be seen . '' 
 chapter twenty-one i am sitting alone on my balcony . 
 what would have been a spectacular view of the los feliz area was rendered into a mediocre view , thanks to my neighbor and his damned eucalyptus trees . 
 had they been properly trimmed , my view would have been endless . 
 a sea of lights that stretched from the hollywood hills to downtown los angeles , and everywhere in between . 
 lots of humanity between those two landmarks . 
 lots of crime , too . 
 and one killer . 
 a child killer , no less . 
 but i 'm not thinking about the damn trees , although every time i do i feel mild irritation . 
 no , at the moment , i 'm relaxing in a cushioned chaise longue and feeling the wind on my face ... trying to get the most out of a body that would soon be dead . 
 i did not know that i would spend my last days on this earth chasing my brother 's killer . 
 i 'd thought i would be wasting them away at the coffee bean or , worse , dying alone in my bedroom . 
 then again , with numi around , i am never alone now , am i ? 
 so , with the cool wind in my hair and the eucalyptus trees swaying in front of me , doing their damnedest to block out the los angeles night skyline , i again go through the last day i saw my brother . 
 the last minutes , in fact . 
 i do this often . 
 and why would n't i ? 
 it was the last time i saw him alive . 
 the last time he would have been happy . 
 before i failed him . 
 before life failed him . 
 before god failed him . 
 i 'm also thinking about last night . 
 i do n't want to , but i do . 
 numi had broken the `` bathroom rule '' when he 'd insisted that i take a bath with baking soda and epsom salts-a combination he 'd insisted would draw toxins out of my degenerating shell of a body and allow my skin to absorb the important minerals . 
 i did not argue with numi . 
 i knew better . 
 anyway , he 'd done his best to give me privacy-even holding up a towel so that i could undress with what dignity i had left . 
 turns out it was n't much . 
 i nearly fell over and numi caught my naked body before i hit the towel rack next to me . 
 the impact surely would have done some serious damage . 
 i did n't thank him . 
 i yelled at him for distracting me and ordered him out of the bathroom . 
 he said nothing , merely nodding , and waited just on the other side of the door in case i should need him . 
 i 'm a dick sometimes . 
 the concoction worked , amazingly . 
 after forty minutes of sitting in the stuff , the water turned a darkish , muddy gray . 
 i felt like shit for chewing out numi , and so , after i 'd showered and had plenty of water to drink , i apologized to my friend . 
 he said no problem , cowboy , and helped me into bed where he tucked me in . 
 i was asleep before i could feel weird about being tucked in by another man . 
 i awake in the middle of the night to find mary next to me . 
 this does n't make sense . 
 i went to bed alone . 
 surely , i am dreaming . 
 but no ... my reaching fingers are rewarded by something very real and warm . 
 numi must have let her in . 
 my bedroom door is closed and i can hear numi snoring lightly in the living room . 
 they are both here . 
 keeping vigil over me . 
 i know this ca n't be good . 
 yes , i am feeling weaker than ever . 
 yes , i should probably be in the hospital somewhere . 
 or a hospice . 
 but numi is my caregiver . 
 and now , so is mary . 
 and i have made the decision to die at home . 
 it 's my right . 
 it 's anyone 's right . 
 yes , i have been feeling weaker than normal , but not so weak that two people have to keep vigil over me . 
 as i gaze upon her bare shoulder , as she sleeps quietly facing me , her hand resting lightly on my inverted stomach as the ambient street light touches her upturned nose , i know that i am close . 
 very , very close . 
 now , as i lay with the warm wind on my face and the traffic sounds rising from below , thinking of everything and nothing , i close my eyes and fall into a deep sleep , knowing that numi , even in sleep , is watching me quietly from my living room . 
 always watching me . 
 chapter twenty-two like my thoughts these days , my dreams are also scattered , incoherent , and borderline hallucinogenic . 
 hell , i might as well have scavenged the local parks for some wild mushrooms . 
 maybe i have . 
 maybe this is all one , long mushroom-induced nightmare . 
 but i 'm not so lucky . 
 i really did contract aids . 
 my aids really did help spread the cancer within me . 
 the connection between hiv/aids and certain cancers is not completely understood , but the link likely depends on a weakened immune system . 
 the cancer cells are within me , flamed to life by the hiv . 
 i must have really done something to piss off god . 
 and i do n't even fucking smoke . 
 yes , i know what i did to piss god off . 
 i did the unforgivable . 
 i 'd allowed my little brother to be slaughtered . 
 i deserve to burn in hell . 
 i look forward to burning in hell . 
 my dreams ... the images come and go . 
 scenes come and go . 
 most do n't make sense , some do . 
 few do . 
 people come and go . 
 people i know . 
 people i do n't know . 
 people i have long forgotten . 
 and there is the small shadow in the background , watching me . 
 always watching me . 
 my brain , i suspect , is giving me a lifetime of missed dreams , condensed down into just a few last crazy nights . 
 when i awake , i do not feel rested . 
 i feel exhausted and dizzy and closer to death . 
 and cold . 
 so damn cold . 
 numi is standing over me , shaking my shoulder . 
 `` let 's go inside , brother . 
 it 's too cold for you outside on the chaise longue . 
 too cold for someone with not a lot of meat on their bones . '' 
 `` screw you . '' 
 numi grins and pulls me gently to my feet . 
 it takes me a few seconds to blink away the craziness of my dreams-and to realize that numi really is standing over me , really is talking to me , that he 's not a figment of my chaotic mind . 
 i take a moment to feel the wind on me , colder than before . 
 the branches of the eucalyptus tree sway and swish before me . 
 my partial view of the city below opens a little with the swaying branches , and i see that the wind has blown away the smog . 
 the city lights sparkle and shimmer , like christmas tree lights . 
 i do n't dwell for very long on the fact that i will never again see another christmas . 
 instead , i let numi guide me into my apartment , where he helps me over to my preferred seat in the overstuffed chair . 
 numi is n't patronizing . 
 nor does he make too much of a fuss , which i appreciate . 
 he helps me when i need the help and leaves it at that . 
 that i need more of his help these days is less of an indicator of his fussiness , and more of an indicator of my rapidly declining health . 
 `` you should go home now , '' i say , feeling a sudden need to be alone . 
 `` it 's late . '' 
 `` going is not an option , cowboy . '' 
 `` you do n't have to be here . '' 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 `` well , i 'm politely asking you to go home . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 `` and i 'm politely declining , and adding that you are a stubborn honky . '' 
 i laugh , despite myself . 
 `` just let me die , numi . '' 
 `` i ca n't do that , kemosabe . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because you 're not dying , boss . 
 not today . 
 not for a long time . '' 
 `` you do know you sound crazy . '' 
 `` no crazier than you , honky . '' 
 i laugh again , until i realize that laughing sucks what little air i have in my lungs . 
 i briefly struggle for breath while numi grips my shoulder tightly . 
 numi is in denial , and it 's most certainly not a river in egypt . 
 it 's his own demon that he must face . 
 he believes he can will me back to good health . 
 unfortunately , he can not will away the hate that god feels for me . 
 i say , gasping the words , `` i hate to burst your bubble , my friend , but - '' numi drops to his knees before me , gripping my knees in his two powerful hands . 
 i open my mouth to cry out . 
 my knees are so narrow now that he can nearly reach around them . 
 his eyes are wide and seem to hover in the darkness of his face . 
 `` there are no buts , cowboy . 
 you are getting better . '' 
 his grip on my knees centers my thoughts , focuses my mind , jump-starts my lungs . 
 numi 's will is powerful . 
 if he could heal me with it , i would be long healed by now . 
 that i am still alive when i should have been dead months ago is because of his will . 
 his love for me . 
 i can not tell him that i know i am dying . 
 i can not look into those urgent eyes and let him down . 
 `` okay , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm getting better . '' 
 `` say it again . '' 
 `` i 'm getting better . '' 
 `` say , ` i 'm getting better every day , every hour , every minute . ' '' 
 i do what he asks , although it exhausts me . 
 finally , he releases his grip on my knees and stands . 
 there are tears in his eyes that he does not bother to wipe away . 
 `` damn straight , you 're getting better . 
 get some rest , cowboy . '' 
 at the easels again , with numi snoring lightly on the couch next to me , i attempt to focus on the case rather than try to sleep . 
 sleeping is worthless anyway , right ? 
 a waste of my precious hours . 
 so , with numi nodding off next to me , i study the grisly facts before me . 
 by now , i 've become numb to seeing my own brother 's mutilated corpse before me . 
 numb , yes , but no less horrified , no less traumatized . 
 no less fucked up . 
 i close my eyes and see my brother in the park that day . 
 i hear him laughing and playing , asking where the ball went to . 
 i remember waving him off . 
 too preoccupied with the pretty girls to concern myself about my brother 's safety . 
 had the bastard been waiting in the bushes ? 
 had he lured my brother away by pointing to a spot where the ball had gone ? 
 had the bastard grabbed him instantly , covering his little mouth , even while my brother kicked and fought and tried to scream ? 
 i rub my eyes again . 
 something i have done all my life . 
 whoever took my brother also took much from me , from my mother , from my family . 
 from my very belief in goodness . 
 there is no good . 
 not with this fucker in the world . 
 and not with me in the world , either . 
 when i 'm done rubbing my now-wet eyes , i find them resting on the latest victim . 
 the teenage , overweight latino boy with the creamy goo oozing from his mouth . 
 i shudder at the image but do n't turn away . 
 never turn away , i think . 
 ever . 
 `` you should be asleep , '' says numi . 
 i hear him sit up . 
 `` and my brother should be alive and celebrating his thirty-first birthday . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure one relates to the other . '' 
 `` it does , '' i say , `` to me . '' 
 `` you are not much use to anyone unless - '' `` unless i rest , i know , numi . 
 except i do n't feel like resting . 
 i feel like finding this motherfucker and tearing his goddamn throat out . 
 then i can die happy . 
 and , yes , numi , i am dying . 
 but not until i find him . 
 i am going to stay alive just long enough to watch him die . '' 
 numi says nothing . 
 i hear him breathing evenly , easily . 
 his lungs are perfect . 
 his lungs work as lungs should work . 
 `` are you hungry , mr. man ? '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` you always do that . '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` say just the right thing to talk me down . '' 
 `` what did i say ? '' 
 `` never mind . 
 yes , i 'm hungry . '' 
 `` not too many places are open , '' he says , `` in the middle of the night . '' 
 `` fred 62 is open , '' i say . 
 i look at the dead hispanic boy again . 
 `` i 'll take some cherry cheesecake . '' 
 numi looks from the crime-scene photos to me , and then shrugs . 
 `` whatever floats your boat , bossman . 
 be back soon . '' 
 he leaves me alone with the dead . 
 chapter twenty-three `` angel , '' i say to myself . 
 it is the name of the hispanic boy . 
 angel trujillo . 
 pronounced in spanish , it would be ahn-hell . 
 much like the original name of los angeles . 
 la ciudad de los angeles . 
 the city of angels . 
 lost angels , i think . 
 and angel trujillo had been an angel , by all counts . 
 so why in the devil would the killer stuff cheesecake into his mouth ? 
 was he mocking the boy about being overweight ? 
 and what does this clue have to do with the others ? 
 my kid brother had an `` 8 '' carved onto his chest . 
 olivia had a pepperoni in one hand and a square carved in the palm of her other . 
 the fact that the dimensions of each side of the square were exactly the same had n't escaped me . 
 no , the only thing that had escaped me was what it all meant . 
 then again , could the killer be insane ? 
 no , i think . 
 he 's telling a story here . 
 what that story is , i do n't know . 
 but the clues are here . 
 the clues to his identity are here . 
 i know this deeply within me . 
 i have been in similar situations before . 
 faced with clues , with patterns , it 's only a matter of time before the answer seeps into my forebrain . 
 in fact , i am a firm believer that my subconscious already knows the answer . 
 has already solved the riddle . 
 tell me , goddamn it . 
 tell me before i die . 
 one thing i am certain of is that this is a game intended for me . 
 for me and me alone . 
 jesus . 
 outside , through the sliding glass doors , i see the branches of the cursed eucalyptus trees sway . 
 somewhere in my apartment building , i hear a child crying . 
 or maybe i 'm imagining the crying . 
 truth is , i ca n't entirely trust my senses these days . 
 truth is , i 'm not entirely sure that i 'm not steadily going crazy . 
 my brain seems to be suffering from a lack of oxygen , but that could be my imagination . 
 other than the lamp next to me , the darkness around me seems suffused with light particles that dance and morph and boogie . 
 yes , i 'm going crazy . 
 there is also a buzzing in my ear . 
 a new buzzing . 
 it was n't there a few days before . 
 but now it is here , and it sounds like a small bug is burrowing its way through my eardrum . 
 dying sucks , i think . 
 i close my eyes and the dancing light particles are still there . 
 the buzzing is still there . 
 i ca n't escape my own dying body . 
 i also see the luminescent shadow-yes , an oxymoron , but that 's what i think of it as-of the small shadow standing at the periphery of my mind 's eye . 
 standing in the shadows ... waiting . 
 for what , i do n't know . 
 in my mind 's eye , i also see the clues . 
 but here , i can turn them around , rearrange them , superimpose them ... i do that now , hoping a pattern emerges , hoping that i see something that i had previously missed , that this new perspective shines a new light ... but nothing . 
 but i ca n't hold the images for long . 
 soon , they morph and swirl into other people and objects , and soon they are nothing more than splintered light racing through my mind . 
 i am not just dying but deteriorating , breaking down . 
 my brain no longer functions as it used to . 
 i suspect i am not giving it enough oxygen . 
 i should be on a ventilator . 
 or , more accurately , an oxygen cannula . 
 then again , i should be out there hunting down this guy . 
 chasing down clues and witnesses . 
 not sitting here in a chair , dying , commanding my oxygen-starved brain to make sense of something that seems entirely nonsensical . 
 i fall asleep with the images of the dead in front of me , and with my own mind so scattered and gone that i am not here , not in this world . 
 sleep is a blessing . 
 chapter twenty-four `` this is all i could find , cowboy , '' says numi . 
 i 'm still sitting in the chair . 
 still propped up by the cushions . 
 i come back to this earth slowly , regretfully , emerging back into this diseased , dying body ... unwillingly . 
 numi has returned with a sara lee cherry cheesecake . 
 it takes me a while to fully return to the conscious thought of replying to him . 
 i stare at him a long moment , wondering briefly where i am , who the tall black man is before me , and why there are dead people lined up on easels before me . 
 it does all come to me , and i rub my face and try to sit up until i realize that i do not have the strength to sit up . 
 i give up and fall back into the chair . 
 numi sets aside the cheesecake and comes over to me . 
 he slips two strong hands under my armpits and lifts me to my feet . 
 i am surprised at how easily he seems to do it . 
 i am aware that i have lost weight , perhaps more than i realize . 
 `` sara lee ? '' 
 i say as he guides me into the kitchen . 
 `` no one had cherry cheesecake , kemosabe . '' 
 knowing numi the way i do , i suspect he looked everywhere for the damn cherry cheesecake , probably growing more and more frustrated as the night wore on . 
 except he would never show his frustration , not with me . 
 still , i see the concern crease his forehead . 
 he did n't like being away from me for so long . 
 `` besides , '' he says , `` how do we know the killer did n't use sara lee cheesecake ? '' 
 `` good point , '' i say . 
 we are standing in the kitchen . 
 some of us are more sure-footed than others . 
 i 'm swaying slowly . 
 without numi 's hand on my lower back , i would have fallen a dozen times over . 
 `` i 'm worthless , '' i say . 
 `` no , '' says numi . 
 `` you just white . 
 not your fault . '' 
 `` ha ha , '' i say . 
 `` and what 's with all the racist jokes these days ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i know they make you laugh . '' 
 the hour is late now but time does n't matter , not anymore . 
 numi guides me to a kitchen bar stool , sits me down , and then sets to work on the cheesecake . 
 he opens the box , peels away the plastic wrapper , and finds two plates and two forks and a knife . 
 i watch my friend meticulously slice two wedges . 
 he uses the knife and fork to balance each wedge onto the plates . 
 he sets my slice before me and waits . 
 he is wondering , i know , whether i need to be fed or not . 
 i might be weak , and my mind might not entirely be here , but i sure as hell can still feed myself . 
 i do so , digging my fork into the delicious but toxic dessert . 
 toxic , at least , to me . 
 numi says , `` you think by eating this cheesecake you will get closer to solving the case . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` any closer , cowboy ? '' 
 `` no . 
 give it time , or another bite . '' 
 numi shakes his head . 
 `` you sure this is n't a ruse to break your diet ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure , '' i say . 
 i think of the image of the boy with a similar cake shoved in his mouth and my stomach turns . 
 i set the fork aside . 
 numi holds up his fork . 
 `` where i come from we call this a pie . '' 
 `` they have cheesecake in nigeria ? '' 
 `` no , but we have pies . 
 this looks like a pie . 
 it 's shaped like a pie , got crust like a pie . 
 definitely not a cake . 
 i think you americans are confused . 
 then again , what 's new ? '' 
 i 'm about to grin and i 'm about to take another bite when i pause , my fork hovering halfway to my mouth . 
 `` what 's wrong , cowboy ? '' 
 says numi . 
 he sets down his own fork . 
 `` nothing , '' i say . 
 `` just thinking . '' 
 `` your thinking nearly gave me a heart attack , boss . '' 
 but i 'm not listening to numi . 
 his earlier statement has triggered something within me , awakened something within me . 
 or , more accurately , my subconscious is letting me know that there 's something here . 
 an answer . 
 numi is about to open his mouth to say something but then closes it again . 
 he has seen this look on my face before and he gives me my space and waits . 
 i 'm thankful for that . 
 i set the fork down with the bite of cheesecake on it . 
 or , as numi had called it , pie . 
 pie . 
 i stand abruptly , pushing away from the counter . 
 the stool almost tips over but numi reaches out and catches it . 
 he says nothing and watches me pace the small kitchen with renewed energy . 
 at least , enough energy to keep me on my feet , keep me standing . 
 numi watches me closely . 
 still , he says nothing . 
 i pace , thinking hard . 
 numi 's words hit home , and every time i think of the word `` pie , '' i get that wonderfully euphoric feeling , that feeling that tells me i 'm close to an answer . 
 i pace . 
 numi watches me . 
 i look at the cheesecake , the crust . 
 now i 'm moving back into the living room , stumbling , my brain working a helluva lot faster than my legs can respond . 
 `` easy , cowboy , '' numi says . 
 `` what 's got you so worked up ? '' 
 `` help me over to the easels . '' 
 he does so , grabbing me under the elbow , steering me over to the big chair again , easing me down . 
 of all the clues , it 's the one that 's etched into my brother 's chest that stands out the most . 
 `` numi , '' i say , `` what does the number ' 8 ' mean to you ? '' 
 numi sits on the arm of the chair . 
 he smells of good cologne . 
 he always smells of good cologne . 
 mostly , though , i think he relishes the fact that i have finally brought him into my last case and my thoughts . 
 he knows the importance of my questions . 
 he knows that i am close to an answer . 
 he takes his time before answering . 
 although i am amped up from the sugar , i wait patiently for his response . 
 finally , he says , `` the number ' 8 ' could mean anything , boss man , but if you turn it sideways , it 's the symbol for infinity . '' 
 i am feeling a mix of excitement and frustration . 
 there is something here and i am missing it . 
 it 's here , it 's right in front of me , and numi 's comment about the cheesecake is what set me off . 
 pie . 
 what if the clue was n't a cherry cheesecake ... but a pie ? 
 what if , like numi , the killer had mixed up the desserts ? 
 what if he 'd been wanting to convey the message of a pie and not a cheesecake ? 
 a leap , i know . 
 but say that to my rapidly beating heart . 
 there is something to this . 
 i try to get up again , but i used whatever energy reserves i 'd had by pacing in the kitchen . 
 i settle for sitting forward , my elbows on my knees . 
 my brain , which has been so unfocused these days , is now firing on all cylinders . 
 i feel like my old self . 
 two words stood out to me : infinity and pie . 
 `` numi , '' i say , `` what do you know of pi ? 
 the mathematical symbol ? '' 
 numi blinks once , twice , then his eyes narrow . 
 he sees where i 'm going with this . 
 `` it 's infinite , '' he says . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it 's composed of irregular numbers that never end , with no known pattern . '' 
 `` how the hell do you know this stuff ? '' 
 `` you think we nigerians are just a bunch of natives who run around in loincloths and wave spears ? '' 
 `` no and never mind that right now , '' i say . 
 `` does n't pi have an infinite number of decimal places ? '' 
 numi nods . 
 `` you are smarter than you look , cowboy . '' 
 but i 'm not paying attention to him . 
 i look at the infinity symbol carved into the flesh of my brother 's corpse . 
 i ask numi to get me my ipad , which he does from my bedroom . 
 i swipe it on , do a google search , and then click on the wikipedia article . 
 and what i see on the screen-two images in particular-gets my heart beating rapidly . 
 `` you okay , cowboy ? '' 
 i ignore his question and continue studying the images without answering , lost in thought , lost in the implications . 
 finally , i hand him the ipad . 
 `` what do you see ? '' 
 he takes it and frowns . 
 a moment later , he begins nodding . 
 `` the square and the circle , '' he says . 
 i nod absently . 
 `` squaring the circle '' is a phrase that signifies the impossible . 
 it is also a phrase that is associated with pi , as mathematicians for centuries , according to the wikipedia article , have been trying to construct a square whose area is equal to the area of a given circle . 
 all of this is greek to me . 
 i 'm a private dick , for god 's sake . 
 but i can read , and , according to the article , pi represents the ratio of a circle 's circumference to its diameter-or 3.14 . 
 this means little to me other than that the number , called an irrational number , continues on into infinity . 
 thus , it 's impossible to square a circle . 
 i 'm not a mathematician , but i am a detective , and i see the strategic way the pepperoni is placed over the carved square in olivia 's hand . 
 `` squaring the circle , '' i murmur over and over , like a mantra . 
 i see that numi sees , too . 
 i am sinking fast and although i wish like hell i could go on tonight , i can not . 
 i think i would kill for the energy to go on tonight . 
 numi would argue me out of more espressos even if i asked . 
 i know i need to rest except i ca n't even find the energy to stand . 
 silently , my friend slips his arms under me and lifts me out of the chair . 
 that he does n't appear to be exerting too much effort should concern me more than it does . 
 except my mind is n't here . 
 it 's on pi . 
 it 's on murder . 
 and it 's on the killer . 
 i do , of course , know who killed my brother , olivia , and angel . 
 i know without a shadow of a doubt . 
 numi carries me into my bedroom and lays me in my bed , where he covers me with a blanket . 
 i am asleep even as he 's adjusting the pillow . 
 he smells of good cologne . 
 chapter twenty-five it is raining . 
 my dreams morph the pitter-patter of gentle drops into the sound of running feet . 
 my brother , matt , is running and panting . 
 his panting might-might-be my own labored breathing . 
 either way , matt is no longer smiling as he had been when i 'd left him alone for less than five minutes . 
 no , i had n't left him alone , i remind myself as i watch him run , watch him duck under branches , as i watch him trip and fall and skid on his shoulder and face . 
 i had simply shifted my attention to the pretty girls . 
 that 's all it had taken . 
 two pretty girls and now , i am brotherless . 
 no wonder i 've never had a real relationship . 
 no wonder i 've used women for sex all my life . 
 i 've hated myself for so long . 
 in my dream , matt scrambles to his feet , spitting out dirt . 
 leaves and mud and twigs adhere to his skin , his hair , his clothing . 
 he ignores it all and continues running . 
 from what , i ca n't see . 
 no , there he is . 
 a shadow appears behind him , rising up as if from the earth itself . 
 i can feel my own legs kicking in my sleep as i try to hurry matt along , but the shadow is closing in , closing in . 
 matt screams , and so do i. and that 's when i wake up , gasping and weeping . 
 it is , of course , the same dream i 've had , over and over . 
 endlessly . 
 except now the shadow is not faceless . 
 it has a face , and i know him well . 
 i look up to find numi sitting on the corner of my bed , watching me from the shadows , his eyes shining wet in the darkness . 
 his hand is on my exposed foot , holding me . 
 his hand is warm and comforting , and i feel his strength and energy as he wills me to health . 
 or so he thinks . 
 i fall back to sleep . 
 chapter twenty-six it is early morning . 
 the sky is lightening , even though the rain continues down , slapping against my bedroom 's sliding glass door . 
 somewhere out there , my brother 's grave is being rained on , too . 
 except he was buried deep in the ground , and i am here , in a warm room , covered in a blanket . 
 numi is still at the end of the bed , still watching me , still keeping his silent vigil . 
 his warm hand is still holding my foot . 
 i move it away from him , rather rudely . 
 `` you do n't have to be in here , numi . '' 
 numi says nothing , although he looks exhausted and maybe a little hurt . 
 `` but you 're going to be in here anyway , right ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` you got that right , cowboy . '' 
 `` until i get better . '' 
 he nods once . 
 i can see bags under his eyes . 
 his once immaculate clothing is now slightly disheveled . 
 if he is hungry or tired or thirsty , he does n't say . 
 he seems to exist for being there , for helping me , for comforting me . 
 he is studying me closely . 
 outside my bedroom window , a shadow flits by , followed by much chirping . 
 more shadows , more chirping . 
 `` you should sleep , '' i say . 
 `` later , '' he says . 
 that he has neglected his own needs for mine is obvious . 
 he asks for nothing , wants nothing . 
 he 's just here for me . 
 love without condition , i think . 
 i do not know where that phrase comes from , or why i think of it now . 
 the gratitude i feel for him suddenly overwhelms me , and i turn my head and look away . 
 i open my mouth to speak , but i ca n't find the words . 
 i try again . 
 `` numi ... '' `` yeah , boss ? '' 
 but the words fail me . 
 i look back at him and i see the tears in his eyes . 
 i try to speak again , but i ca n't find the words . 
 truth is , i do n't know what to say . 
 i do not know how to express my gratitude . 
 i have never received love before . 
 not for a long time . 
 and never from a man . 
 i do not know how to return it . 
 `` it 's okay , boss , '' he says and smiles at me sadly . 
 i know he is waiting for something from me . 
 perhaps some acknowledgment . 
 perhaps a thank you . 
 no , i think . 
 he 's waiting for something else . 
 but what he wants from me , i can not give . 
 at least , not now . 
 perhaps never . 
 chapter twenty-seven the sun is warm on my face . 
 i am sitting in my car near the santa monica pier . 
 the plan had been for me to go for a walk on the beach , but i never got as far as the parking space along ocean avenue . 
 the plan , of course , did n't involve numi . 
 he did n't like it . 
 he insisted he come along . 
 he claimed i was too weak to drive . 
 i had an extra shot put in my espresso . 
 i am hopped up on coffee beans and never before has the sky looked so beautiful . 
 i 've spent my life ignoring the sunset . 
 sure , i might have caught a glance of it here and there . 
 someone might have pointed it out here and there . 
 but i only casually look at it . 
 barely a second thought . 
 my car is parked facing south , and so i find myself leaning across the seat and looking out the passenger 's side window , until i realize how ridiculous that is . 
 a last sunset surely deserved better , right ? 
 so , i unfasten my seat belt and open the door . 
 it takes more energy than i care to admit to get out of the car and walk around to the front end , where i lean a hip against the fender . 
 a cute girl on rollerblades is about to smile at me , before she thinks better of it . 
 there are some joggers . 
 most with headsets on . 
 most ignoring the magnificent sunset to the west . 
 the santa monica pier is alive and well , bustling with activity and life and lights . 
 a stream of pedestrians crosses onto the pier from the bridge overpass . 
 most are laughing . 
 one or two point towards the sunset . 
 those one or two have it right . 
 it takes what little energy and skill i have to leap up on the fender and sit cross-legged . 
 my bony ass just might have put a dent in the camry . 
 i could give a shit about the dent in the camry . 
 i close my eyes and rest my hands on my knees and feel the sun on my face . 
 mostly , i feel it on my forehead . 
 most of my medication warns me to stay out of the sun . 
 most of my medication can kiss my bony ass . 
 it 's been a few days since i have been in the sun . 
 and even longer since i spent any real time in the sun . 
 i enjoy the warmth-it makes me feel alive , reminds me that i still have a body that reacts to the elements . 
 a body that is n't just dying . 
 people come and go . 
 many people . 
 most are walking , although some are jogging and a handful are rollerblading . 
 most ignore me . 
 that 's okay . 
 i want to be ignored . 
 i lift my face to the sun and close my eyes . 
 i feel the wind on my face and in my hair . 
 i smell the salt and brine . 
 the wind picks up and thunders over my ears and i notice it has a sort of rhythm to it , and i find myself swaying to the wind , and when i open my eyes again , i see the sun has inched closer to the far horizon . 
 reds , oranges , and yellows streak the evening sky . 
 a smattering of low-hanging clouds explodes with iridescent beauty . 
 they look otherworldly , and beautiful beyond words . 
 the wind continues blowing over me , lifting my hair , flapping my t-shirt . 
 i feel cold but i hardly care . 
 that i am close to confronting my brother 's killer is far from my mind . 
 that i know this is my last sunset on this earth , however , is n't very far from my mind . 
 that i am experiencing it alone is n't very far from my mind , either . 
 i take in as much air as i can and try not to panic when my lungs fill to only half capacity . 
 i am slowly suffocating to death . 
 i know and there is no escaping it . 
 shitty way to die , i think . 
 my only comfort is in knowing that someday soon i will not have to worry about my lungs not working . 
 or that i have aids . 
 or that people look at me funny , or avoid me altogether . 
 or that my own mother has shunned me all my adult life . 
 or that i am going to die alone . 
 not alone , i think . 
 there is numi . 
 always numi . 
 a fraction of the sun has now slipped behind the ocean , and as it does so , i feel a mourning in my soul . 
 and when the sun is finally gone , leaving behind a fiery trail that still lights up the evening sky , i know there are tears on my cheeks . 
 but no one sees them and no one cares . 
 my life feels wasted . 
 i am thirty-nine years old and dying . 
 i have done little to better myself or the world . 
 i have spent all of my adult life grieving for my brother and hating myself . 
 it 's no surprise that i am dying of a disease that could have been avoided . 
 no , i am not dying of aids , but the aids and the cancer go hand in hand , in ways that doctors are still trying to figure out . 
 too late for me . 
 a wasted life . 
 a useless life . 
 yes , i have helped find the missing . 
 yes , i have given comfort to those who needed comfort . 
 but i failed the one person who mattered the most , and i have failed myself , too . 
 i am tired of having these thoughts . 
 i am tired of hating myself . 
 i am tired of thinking of death . 
 it is time to take the next step . 
 i know this . 
 more importantly , i want this . 
 the sun is gone and the wind picks up , thundering over me , flapping my hair and jeans , and scuttling a used napkin over the sidewalk that stretches from here to malibu and beyond to the right of me and venice and marina del rey and beyond to the left of me . 
 i reminisce about the last two years numi and i have spent together . 
 in the beginning , i told him the basic facts . 
 facts that were merely facts but not yet reality . 
 it was as if numi knew what was coming before i did . 
 perhaps because of numi 's heritage and upbringing in africa he understood from the very beginning what i was in for . 
 he foresaw the denigration , the humiliation i would have to face and the strength i would need to live my life to its fullest . 
 perhaps he made a silent agreement with whatever god he worships that he would see me through the last phase of my life with more grace and beauty than i deserved . 
 i suddenly feel a prickle that i am not alone . 
 it occurs to me that the old woman has been watching me for some time . 
 she 'd been walking along the sidewalk with the others , when she had paused . 
 i assumed she was waiting for someone , or looking at the brilliant evening sky herself . 
 truth was , i did n't give much thought to her until i looked over at her , and saw her staring at me . 
 chapter twenty-eight she nods and smiles , and before i can react , she is coming towards me . 
 i groan inwardly . 
 i want to be alone with my last sunset . 
 despite the pity party i am having , i really do want to experience my last sunset alone . 
 the old woman , who is dressed in a red jumpsuit , stops when she 's a few feet from me . 
 her back is to the ocean and her face is mostly hidden in shadows . 
 from what i can see , she has a very pleasant , plump face . 
 she smiles and nods . 
 i think i hear her say hello , but i 'm not sure . 
 a passing harley-davidson thunders by and drowns out anything that might have been said . 
 so , to be polite , i say hello back . 
 she nods again , smiles again . 
 the ocean glistens under the darkened sky , and i am weakening . 
 the old woman is still standing in front of me , her hands clasped together just below her waist . 
 `` are you waiting for someone ? '' 
 i ask , despite a strong need to not exert myself in any way . 
 i still have to drive back . 
 it 's a good half hour back to my apartment in los feliz . 
 she shakes her head and i wonder if she is homeless or mentally ill . 
 she does n't look homeless and despite not talking , i do n't sense that there is something wrong with her . 
 `` are you here for the sunset , too ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she might have nodded , although the motion was mostly noncommittal . 
 i get a sense that she is here for the sunset , along with something else . 
 she reminds me of my grandmother , for some reason , although my grandmother was much taller . 
 `` my name is jimmy , '' i say . 
 she smiles but offers me nothing in return . 
 `` most of my friends and clients just call me booker . '' 
 she smiles some more . 
 i am about to ask her what her name is but get a strong sense that her name is not important , at least not right now . 
 i let the question go unasked . 
 the ocean shimmers . 
 the clouds above look unreal , alien . 
 they seem to be glowing , pulsating . 
 `` you can probably see that i am sick , '' i say . 
 she stops smiling and cocks her head a little . 
 i see her breathing steadily . 
 i catch a faint whiff of perfume , old lady 's perfume . 
 my grandmother 's perfume , in fact . 
 `` truth is , '' i add , `` i 'm dying . '' 
 i do not know why i am opening up to her . 
 perhaps because she reminds me of my grandmother in some ways ; or , at least , she smells like her . 
 my grandmother , of course , forgave me long ago . 
 she always told me that my brother 's death was not my fault , that i should not let it get to me , and that i had to move past it and live . 
 before she died nearly fifteen years ago , she gave me the money , in fact , to start my private detective firm . 
 the woman before me is not a ghost . 
 i can see her shadow splash over my fender and even across my own sneakers . 
 she is breathing . 
 others appear to see her , too , as the two of us generate a curious look here and there . 
 she says nothing , of course . 
 no response at all to my opening up to her . 
 still , she keeps her kind gaze on me ... and gives me her full attention . 
 `` i 'm here to see my last sunset , '' i say . 
 `` i know , that sounds a bit melodramatic , but you see , i was given six months to live and that was eight months ago . 
 i 'm not only on borrowed time , i know i am dying now . 
 i can feel my body sort of shutting down . 
 even talking to you is exhausting me . '' 
 she does n't nod but she sort of bites her upper lip a bit . 
 i sense this is her way of showing me compassion . 
 `` somehow , i have stayed alive long enough to finish something that is important to me . 
 maybe that is why i was granted the extra months . '' 
 seagulls circle above as the wind dies down a little . 
 i catch restaurant sounds behind me , as ocean boulevard is lined with many of them . 
 people laughing , the clanking of dishes , dinner and drink orders being given and taken . 
 `` i 'm not sure why you are not talking back to me , but that 's okay . 
 maybe it 's better that way . 
 i do n't have a lot of strength left in me to answer a lot of questions . 
 you remind me of my grandma . 
 i loved her a lot . '' 
 the woman smiles and tilts her head a little . 
 she leans to one side , taking pressure off one of her legs . 
 i wish i could offer her a seat , but there 's nowhere to sit , other than the fender next to me . 
 also , i am confused as to why she is here , watching me . 
 kindly , granted . 
 but watching me , nonetheless . 
 `` i probably should n't be telling you this-hell , i know i should n't be telling you this-but something very bad happened to someone i cared about a long time ago-something that i could have prevented-and it 's been tearing me up for a long time now . '' 
 i pause , fight for a breath , and then continue . 
 `` and i realize i have wasted my life punishing myself . '' 
 the woman shifts her weight to her other leg . 
 her red sweats flap around her heavier frame . 
 `` no comment , huh ? 
 well , maybe i should get going . 
 i feel stupid talking to a stranger about this-a stranger who has n't said a single word . '' 
 except i do n't leave . 
 i keep sitting there on my fender , alternately looking out over the ocean and at the old woman standing to my side . 
 i say , `` i should have forgiven myself a long time ago . 
 how was i supposed to know that a monster had been so close ? 
 i was just seventeen . 
 a stupid kid . '' 
 the tears come and as they do the woman steps forward and puts her arm around me . 
 now i am embarrassed , too , but her touch feels wonderful , and she smells so much like my grandmother that i am briefly confused . 
 she keeps hugging me as i speak into her shoulder , my voice briefly muffled , `` and then i realize that if i should have forgiven myself long ago , i should have also forgiven the monster , too . 
 but how do you forgive a monster ? 
 how ? '' 
 i can feel my tears on her jumpsuit shoulder . 
 i can also feel the press of her large breasts against my shoulder . 
 yes , she is very real . 
 `` but i do n't want to forgive him . 
 i want to hate him and hurt him and destroy him the way he destroyed me . '' 
 i 'm not even sure she can understand me , but now she is hugging me even harder . 
 a complete stranger . 
 what has my life been reduced to ? 
 `` and then i realize that i have n't given much to this world , other than heartbreak , and my own self-hate , but there is one thing i can leave behind . '' 
 she pulls away from me and steps back . 
 she 's waiting . 
 finally , after a short struggle for air , i say , `` i can leave behind forgiveness . '' 
 she holds my gaze for a long time , then smiles and nods once and reaches inside her front pocket of her red sweats . 
 she pulls out a card and hands it to me . 
 it says : `` hi , i 'm deaf . 
 i can read lips but i can not speak . 
 god bless . '' 
 she looks at me some more , then reaches inside her pocket and pulls out a pen . 
 she asks for the card back and i give it . 
 she turns it over and writes on the back . 
 she puts her pen away , then reaches up and pats me warmly on the cheek . 
 she slips the card in my hand , steps back , looks at me some more , then continues along the busy sidewalk . 
 she does n't look back . 
 i look down at the card in my hand and turn it over . 
 her shaking handwriting reads : `` you are loved . 
 by god , by your friends , by me . 
 and by your brother . '' 
 chapter twenty-nine when i 'm back in my car , breathing as deeply as i can , knowing i might have just seen my last sunset on this earth , i reach over and check my glove box . 
 the .44 magnum is still there , of course , just as it was when i checked it before coming out to see the sunset . 
 as i drive , i can feel my body is shutting down . 
 it is a strange sensation , to be sure . 
 the world around me seems to be slowing down . 
 my body seems to be slowing down , too . 
 i could be in a dream , or on drugs . 
 but i know it 's neither . 
 my body is dying , right before my eyes . 
 i consider pulling over and calling numi , but i need to do this alone . 
 all alone . 
 so , i grit my teeth and focus all my energy on keeping the car straight and not crashing . 
 how i get to where i 'm going without killing myself or someone else , i do n't know . 
 but i arrive outside of another apartment complex . 
 this one is in brentwood , not too far from where nicole brown simpson and ron goldman were slaughtered . 
 in fact , if i turn in my seat a little , i can just make out the condo complex where nicole once lived . 
 except i do n't turn in my seat . 
 i stay where i am , breathing deeply . 
 i feel weak . 
 too weak to do what i am about to do . 
 `` fuck it , '' i say , and open the glove box . 
 i verify that a black bmw x5 is in the parking lot . 
 then , with the gun swaying in the front pocket of my light jacket , i take the stairs slowly . 
 not because i am being cautious , but because my legs are shaky . 
 halfway up , i pause , take in my air . 
 my heart is racing . 
 from adrenaline , from lack of oxygen . 
 at the landing , i stop and silently wish there was a bench nearby . 
 there is no bench . 
 just a few pots with plants and a short row of front doors . 
 i stop in front of the third one down , breathing harder than ever . 
 i wait for at least two minutes , catching my breath , willing my lungs to at least give me enough to get through the next few minutes . 
 finally , finally , my lungs cooperate and i suck in just enough oxygen to clear my head . 
 i knock on the door as loudly as i can with one hand , and grip the handle of the .44 with the other . 
 i hear slow footsteps from the other side of the door . 
 a shadow passes behind the peephole . 
 i 'm being peeped at . 
 i smile as brightly as i can . 
 the shadow disappears and there is a long pause . 
 the floorboards creak a little on the other side of the door . 
 i am not psychic and i do n't pretend to be . 
 i know the visions and dreams and strange events that are happening to me are a product of a delusional mind , a sick mind . 
 but one thing i am sure of-beyond a shadow of a doubt-is that the man standing behind the door has just removed his own gun . 
 instinct perhaps . 
 i 'd been in this business nearly twenty years . 
 i 've faced nearly every dangerous situation a private investigator could face . 
 most investigators specialize in following cheating spouses . 
 i have specialized in finding the missing . 
 i 've faced killers and kidnappers . 
 monsters and men . 
 i 've looked down the barrels of guns . 
 i 've seen fingers twitch nervously around triggers . 
 i 've thought i was going to die a dozen times over . 
 but i 'm still here , still standing , and i have my instincts to thank . 
 or maybe an angel or two on my shoulder . 
 either way , i pull out my own gun , hold it down by my side , and wait . 
 i continue smiling pleasantly . 
 ever the affable detective and friend . 
 the doorknob turns slowly in front of me . 
 and when the door cracks open , i shove it as hard as i can and step quickly into the apartment , holding my gun before me . 
 chapter thirty eddie does n't know what has hit him . 
 good . 
 as he 's puzzling out what is happening to him and holding his broken nose , i kick the door shut and deliver a punch that rocks my whole body . 
 i do n't have a lot behind it , but it 's enough to send eddie sideways and down to one knee . 
 i feel no pain . 
 i am on an adrenaline high . 
 i have no clue how long it will last , or how long my strength will last . 
 i suspect i only have minutes . 
 eddie says nothing . 
 he is simply on one knee and dripping blood on his linoleum . 
 eddie is not an idiot . 
 in fact , he 's a helluva smart guy . 
 `` the great detective finally puzzles it out , huh ? '' 
 he looks up and does n't bother to stop the flow of blood that pours from his now-crooked nose , blood that pours over his lips and spatters as he breathes . 
 i say nothing . 
 i keep the gun pointed at the crown of his head . 
 any sudden movements and he is dead , and he knows it . 
 he looks up at me slowly . 
 `` you look well , jimmy . '' 
 he grins . 
 he looks like a ghoul . 
 he is a ghoul . 
 truth is , i 'm still trying to wrap my brain around what is happening . 
 i keep saying nothing . 
 the gun is feeling heavier and heavier . 
 `` you 're shaking , jimmy , '' he says . 
 he begins standing slowly . 
 i see his brain working every which way . 
 there are many ways this encounter can go , and some of them end badly for me , although most will end badly for him . 
 he knows it . 
 he 's calculating and thinking this through . 
 one of his options is to charge me . 
 if so , i will kill him . 
 he does n't charge . 
 at least , not at the moment . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i ask . 
 my voice is shaking . 
 `` why ! '' 
 the gun is shaking more now , too . 
 i can see a couch in my peripheral vision . 
 the couch is empty . 
 i sense the rest of the house is empty , too , although i have been lucky on that end . 
 it could have been full of people . 
 eddie is calculating his odds of rushing me and grabbing the gun before i can fire . 
 eddie is athletic , but he 's also a good five feet from me . 
 he will be dead before he covers two feet . 
 he knows it . 
 `` are you here to kill me , jimmy ? '' 
 i say nothing , mostly because i do n't have the energy to play whatever game he thinks will buy him more time . 
 `` i do n't blame you , '' he says . 
 `` i sure as hell would kill me , if i were you . 
 then again , i like killing , so you probably should n't listen to me . '' 
 he grins and the blood covers his upper front teeth . 
 he looks like something from a nightmare . 
 he is something from a nightmare . 
 my head is spinning a little . 
 i 'm getting dizzy . 
 the gun is getting heavier . 
 `` but why my brother ? '' 
 i ask , quietly now . 
 my friend of the last twenty-five years of my life watches me carefully . 
 i raise my gun to him , keeping it aimed between his eyes . 
 `` your brother was my first . 
 well , my first person . 
 i 'd been killing frogs and cats and dogs up until that point . 
 hell , anything i could get away with . '' 
 there was a buzzing in my head . 
 my breathing was getting difficult . 
 it was all i could do to keep it together . 
 `` i was at the dodgers game , too . 
 do n't you remember ? 
 i had asked if you wanted to come but you said you had tickets for just you and your brother . 
 i 'd gotten there early . 
 turns out none of my friends could make it . 
 i went alone . 
 i had gotten there early and had waited in elysian park . 
 like you . 
 like the two honeys i had been watching from the woods . 
 yes , i was in the woods , back behind the trees , watching them and imagining what it would be like to graduate from cats and dogs to girls . 
 `` imagine my surprise when i saw you and your brother show up . 
 you were playing catch . 
 very big brotherish of you . 
 and then i saw you do something curious . 
 you purposely threw the ball over your brother 's head . 
 i knew this because you first spied the girls coming your way , and then you chucked the ball easily five feet over your brother 's head . 
 you told him to get the ball , then immediately went over to the two girls . 
 `` bought yourself a little time there , did we , jimmy ? 
 sending your brother off into the woods alone ? 
 dick move , bro . '' 
 he was right , of course . 
 i had , in fact , purposely overthrown the ball to my brother . 
 jesus , he 'd really been there . 
 seen it all . 
 `` so , instead of the two girls , you could say i focused my attention on your little brother . 
 after all , you practically hand-delivered him to me . 
 and , the closer he got , the more i realized i did n't really want to go to the stupid ball game after all . 
 my plans , you could say , changed . '' 
 `` but why matt ? '' 
 i hear myself ask . 
 truth is , i 'm back in the park , back to my last memory of matt as i see him dash off eagerly for the ball , and as i turn my attention to the approaching girls . 
 `` oh , i did n't have a problem justifying it , jimmy boy . 
 first off , i wanted to kill a person . 
 it was time to kill a person . 
 second of all , olivia always loved you . 
 even back when we were in high school , she always loved you . '' 
 perhaps it was true . 
 i had always sensed olivia had feelings for me , although we had never acted on them . 
 `` was i always jealous ? '' 
 asks eddie . 
 he reaches up and touches his nose for the first time , and winces . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i lower the gun a little . 
 i 'm having trouble keeping it pointed straight . 
 truth is , it feels like i 'm holding a dumbbell straight out from my body . 
 eddie gives me a crooked smile . 
 blood coats his lip . 
 outside , i hear cars come and go in the apartment parking lot . 
 `` i take it you put together my little riddle ? '' 
 i still say nothing . 
 i am conserving what energy i have to do whatever it is i must do . 
 `` we were in algebra together , jimmy . 
 studying pi and its infinite possibilities . 
 i suppose i could have carved the symbol for pi on your brother 's chest - '' but he does n't finish . 
 i raise the gun again and point it at his face , holding it as steady as ever . 
 `` if you 're going to shoot , you should probably shoot . 
 because you 're only going to get weaker , jimmy . 
 and i can promise you this : one of us is going to die . 
 so , if you 're a smart man , you should probably just pull the trigger . '' 
 `` and send you into infinity , eddie ? '' 
 i ask . 
 his smirk fades . 
 `` it 's a good place to be . '' 
 he now begins circling me slowly . 
 i pivot , following him down the sight of my gun . 
 he says , `` was it that last clue that finally helped you piece the whole damn thing together , jimmy ? '' 
 i 'm ready to pull the trigger , but i hesitate for reasons that i ca n't explain . 
 `` i mean , my god , i practically spelled it out for you . '' 
 i do n't mention that i nearly did n't figure it out . 
 that most people in their right minds would n't call a cheesecake a pie , but then again , eddie is n't in his right mind . 
 `` and then i show up and happen to talk about infinity and all its possibilities . '' 
 he stops near the refrigerator . 
 `` but you did good , jimmy . 
 i 'm real impressed . '' 
 `` why did you kill olivia ? '' 
 `` olivia wanted to leave me , '' he says , shrugging . 
 `` i could n't have that . 
 besides , i 'd been looking for a reason to kill her . 
 that was as good as any . '' 
 `` and the boy , angel ? '' 
 `` is that his name ? 
 i had no idea . 
 the boy was in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
 i was in a bit of a mood , you could say . 
 took it out on him , i guess . '' 
 `` why pi ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` why not ? 
 every killer needs his signature . 
 infinity is something real to me . 
 math is something real to me . 
 death is real . 
 blood is real . 
 i enjoyed playing a game . '' 
 `` you 're a psychopath , '' i say . 
 `` i prefer sociopath , '' says eddie , `` but , really , they 're one and the same . 
 i could never understand why death meant nothing to me . 
 so , i killed again and again , and cared less and less . '' 
 `` so then , why do it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it was fun . 
 it gave me a rush . '' 
 `` were there any more ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 bums mostly . 
 prostitutes sometimes . 
 a girlfriend once who pissed me off long ago . 
 strangled her . 
 but they were n't as fun . 
 i would rather play a game . '' 
 `` because you think you 're smarter than everyone else . '' 
 `` no , because it was fun . '' 
 `` why did you hire me ? '' 
 `` because i was tired of playing the game , jimmy . '' 
 `` you wanted to be caught ? '' 
 `` no , i wanted you to know . '' 
 i grip the gun a little tighter . 
 `` you wanted me to know that you killed my little brother ? '' 
 `` the answer , in a nutshell , is yes . '' 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 `` and i was going to put you out of your misery . '' 
 `` nice of you , '' i say . 
 eddie smiles and some of that old familiar charm comes back . 
 but the truth is , i 'm seeing eddie for the first time in a new light . 
 whatever face he puts on for the rest of the world is gone . 
 his eyes look different , dead . 
 his color has faded . 
 `` did n't you know i would come for you ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` admittedly , i thought you would meet in the woods , or call me over to your place . 
 i did n't know you would break my fucking nose . 
 so what now ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` a bullet to my head ? 
 claim it was self-defense ? 
 a pussy way to go , booker . '' 
 `` as opposed to killing kids ? '' 
 `` hey , i did n't say i was n't a pussy . 
 i just expected more from you , mr. private eye detective . '' 
 i take out my cell phone and hold it up , where i had been recording this entire conversation . 
 i showed him the recording . 
 i next turn off the recording feature . 
 he watches me carefully . 
 `` i 'm not going to kill you , eddie . 
 but i am going to kick your ass within an inch of your life . '' 
 he snorts as i set the phone and gun down on the kitchen counter . 
 eddie does n't wait . 
 he does n't laugh hysterically or tell me that i am going to regret this . 
 he simply rushes me as fast as he can . 
 chapter thirty-one i may not have much strength , and eddie may be healthy as hell-at least , physically-but i do know how to fight . 
 and i have adrenaline and rage on my side . 
 he comes in swinging , and i duck the wildly thrown blows and drive my fist hard into his nose again . 
 he curses , but does not stop coming at me . 
 i realize my punches do n't have a lot of force-or weight-behind them . 
 but i make up for it by delivering them accurately and correctly . 
 accurate and correct trump strength every time . 
 i punch eddie again and again , but he 's picking me up off my feet and running me backwards . 
 my swinging blows have no effect on him , and he drives me hard into the closed front door . 
 i gasp , the air exploding from my feeble lungs . 
 as i suck in air , eddie steps back and lands a thunderous blow that sends me reeling to the side , stumbling . 
 i see him smile just as he throws another wild punch that connects with the side of my jaw . 
 i stumble some and crash into a china hutch . 
 i 'm gasping . 
 my head is spinning . 
 i 've been in many fights . 
 you ca n't work in my line of business and do what i do in particular and not find yourself in your share of fights . 
 but i ca n't get my bearings . 
 i ca n't see straight . 
 `` you think you can come in here , into my home , and fuck with me ? '' 
 says eddie . 
 he 's coming up somewhere behind me . 
 i brace for the blow , but it 's a kick . 
 it lands so hard into my ribs that i think i 'll never breathe again . 
 `` that 's got ta hurt , huh ? '' 
 i hear him but i do n't see him . 
 i see intermittent flashes of light . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 i ca n't think . 
 i 've had worse beatings in my life , but i 'm not able to withstand this one . 
 i feel myself shutting down . 
 i gather all my strength and turn and throw a wild punch . 
 it connects , but not by much . 
 eddie stumbles back , and then lunges forward , heaving his fists , i suspect , as hard as he can . 
 the blow hits home , harder than all the others , and i realize he 's hit me with something . 
 my own .44 , i think . 
 i spill across the kitchen floor , blood pouring from a gash over my eyes , seeping into the carpet , and i hear him step behind me . 
 he 's standing over me and i know the gun is pointed at the back of my head . 
 `` i bet you regret not killing me now , huh , jimmy boy ? '' 
 there is a pause and my brain is working and i 'm thinking i could roll over and kick , and i 'm just about to , when i hear a gunshot ring out . 
 my first thought is that i feel no pain . 
 my second thought is that the gunshot sounds nothing like my .44 magnum . 
 and that 's when eddie drops to the floor next to me , the side of his head blown off . 
 i 'm barely aware of hands lifting me into a sitting position , or of a heavily accented voice telling me , `` everything is going to be okay , cowboy . 
 everything is going to be okay . '' 
 chapter thirty-two i 'm sitting with detective dobbs in his squad car . 
 it 's later that same night and we 're not far from eddie 's apartment . 
 the crime scene guys are still swarming around . 
 a lot of the neighborhood is swarming around , too . 
 a dead body has that effect . 
 `` i listened to the recording a few times , '' says dobbs . 
 `` i forwarded a copy to my phone , if you do n't mind . 
 nearly erased the damn thing in the process . '' 
 he chuckles lightly . 
 i do n't . 
 he looks over at me . 
 `` how you doing , booker ? '' 
 `` been better . '' 
 `` you look like shit . 
 you sure you do n't want to go the hospital ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 i 've been to far too many hospitals these past few years , but i do n't say anything . 
 i 'm still absorbing that someone i had called a friend had killed my little brother . 
 still absorbing that someone i had spent so many evenings with playing basketball , had harbored a horrific secret ... and had loved every minute of it . 
 it 's just further proof that humans need to evolve telepathy-or some other mind-reading shit . 
 too many secrets out there . 
 too many bad secrets . 
 `` hey , booker , i 'm sorry for everything , but at least we got our guy . 
 one less scumbag on the streets . '' 
 this is about as much sympathy as i am going to get from a homicide cop , a guy who sees death every day . 
 i nod at his words and continue looking forward at the apartment structure that is now a beehive of activity . 
 there are about a dozen cop cars parked randomly along the street . 
 i know numi is in one of those cars , answering questions . 
 `` the guy sounds like a real whack job , '' says dobbs . 
 `` typical sociopath , if you ask me . 
 no regard for human life . 
 enjoyed fucking with us . 
 thought he was smarter than he was . 
 he was n't that smart , trust me . 
 we were closing in on him . 
 the hubby 's always the first suspect , and his alibi was shaky the night that olivia went missing . 
 and even shakier the night angel trujillo went missing . 
 we were cornering him . 
 you sort of beat us to the punch . 
 but not by much . '' 
 dobbs looks over at me . 
 i keep staring ahead . 
 there are moments while i sit here in the car that i feel as if i might be out of my body . 
 i am so tired , so weak , so empty . 
 `` you should never have gone in there alone , booker . 
 jesus , what were you thinking ... ? '' 
 but his voice trails off . 
 `` scratch that . 
 i would have gone in there alone , too , if someone had done the same thing to my brother . '' 
 he continues looking at me . 
 i continue feeling like i might be somewhere else , perhaps somewhere above . 
 `` you really did n't shoot him , booker ? '' 
 `` no , '' i hear myself say , although my voice seems to come from a long way away . 
 i am aware of pain in my jaw . 
 `` why not , booker ? '' 
 i think about that for a long time . 
 i almost do n't answer , but i finally say , `` i forgave him . '' 
 `` but you say you wanted to kick his ass . '' 
 `` i did n't say i forgave him that much , '' i say . 
 dobbs looks at me long and hard . 
 two teens on bikes sit and watch the activity around the apartment building . 
 flashing lights reflect off street signs . 
 now dobbs chuckles ... and soon his chuckling continues and fills the squad car , and the two teens turn and look at us . 
 two guys laughing outside a shooting scene . 
 he settles down and finally says , `` you 're a bigger man than me , booker . 
 i would have shot him , and then gladly spent my time in jail . 
 on that note , if your friend 's story holds up , he 'll probably be released . 
 in fact , i 'll make sure he 's released . 
 there 's nothing here . '' 
 i nod , pleased . 
 i do n't want any trouble for numi . 
 `` still a dumb thing to do , booker . 
 what if he came at you with a knife ? '' 
 i shrug , which takes up the last of my energy . 
 i need to lie down badly . 
 `` a chance you were willing to take , huh ? 
 tell me , did you at least get to punch the fucker before your manservant blew his brains out ? '' 
 i 'm not sure numi would appreciate being called a manservant , but i 'm sure he 's heard worse . 
 for the first time , i turn and look at dobbs . 
 `` i got a few punches in . '' 
 dobbs holds my gaze . 
 `` good . 
 damn good . 
 you look like you need rest . '' 
 i 'm not sure if i nod , but i might have . 
 `` you okay to drive home ? '' 
 but before i can attempt a feeble answer , dobbs answers for me . 
 `` of course not . 
 i 'll drive you home , boss . '' 
 chapter thirty-three it is a week later . 
 i 'm sitting with my mother in my living room . 
 we are both on the couch , both facing the sliding glass door , which is partially open . 
 it is a bright summer day and the dusty leaves of the eucalyptus beyond my balcony shimmer in the sunlight and wind . 
 i have spent the week steadily feeling better , which surprises the hell out of me , but not numi . 
 according to the doctors , the cancer is still in me , as aggressive as ever , but i feel better . 
 and feeling better is half the solution , according to numi . 
 i tell him i do n't want to hear about his juju tribal shaman crap . 
 numi , of course , just shakes his head and grins . 
 numi had figured it all out as well . 
 the tattoo i had seen on eddie 's arm , the tattoo i had assumed had been chinese characters , had , in fact , been the universal symbol for pi . 
 so numi and i had both solved the case , but both going at it from slightly different angles . 
 i had been gone long that evening , longer than he had been comfortable with . 
 he assumed correctly that i had gone to see eddie on my own . 
 and numi , with some forethought , had grabbed his own weapon before heading out . 
 god bless my friend . 
 again . 
 i do not tell people that i am still dying . 
 yes , i might feel better , and , yes , i am in better spirits , but i can feel my body shutting down , one cell at a time . 
 numi , of course , likes to hear that i am feeling better , and so i tell him what he wants to hear . 
 my mother is visiting for the first time in years . 
 she looks far older than i remember . 
 she sits with her knees together and her hands in her lap and she only barely looks at me . 
 she 'd surprised the hell out of me by showing up . 
 she had , of course , heard about eddie . 
 no doubt from the police themselves , as the case had been a twenty-two-year-old cold case . 
 numi is here , of course . 
 lounging on the balcony and reading a book and generally in good spirits . 
 with my mother 's appearance , he politely excused himself . 
 now , after some small talk , my mother turns to me . 
 `` are you gay , jimmy ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` one can have gay friends without being gay . '' 
 `` has he ever tried to , you know ... '' `` turn me gay ? '' 
 i finish . 
 `` well , yes . '' 
 her eyebrows go up . 
 `` every chance he has , '' i say . 
 `` it is , after all , every homosexual 's goal to turn straight men gay . '' 
 `` you do n't have to make fun of me , jimmy . 
 it was an honest question . '' 
 `` no , mom , '' i say . 
 `` he has been a tremendous friend through all of this . '' 
 she nods and looks at her hands in her lap . 
 `` he has taken care of you through all of this ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i was n't here for you . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i say , and now i look away . 
 we are silent for a long time , longer than i am comfortable with , but she seems to be in no rush and so i wait it out . 
 `` i 've made it no secret that i blamed you , jimmy . '' 
 i say nothing . 
 truth is , i could n't speak if i wanted to . 
 `` i 've been terrible to you , jimmy . '' 
 i take in as much air as i can . 
 but it feels like only one lung is working . 
 for the first time in a week , i ca n't seem to catch my breath again . 
 i keep fighting for breath , silently , as my mother continues speaking . 
 `` i had to blame someone , and since the killer was never found , it was easy to blame you , and i did . '' 
 i keep trying to breathe . 
 i grip the arm of the couch . 
 `` but that was wrong of me . 
 horrible of me . 
 i lost two sons that day , and i 'm so sorry , jimmy . '' 
 my lungs seem to be shrinking . 
 i feel myself panicking now . 
 a horrible feeling to not get enough air . 
 so horrible . 
 so messed up . 
 she reaches out and takes my hand , and i am certain it is the first time she has touched me in twenty-two years . 
 `` i do n't know what to say . 
 i do n't know how to forgive myself for putting you through this , jimmy . 
 it was n't your fault . 
 it was never your fault - '' `` it 's okay , ma , '' i say , but my voice sounds strangled . 
 she suddenly turns and faces me , alarm on her face . 
 `` jimmy , are you okay ? '' 
 i sit forward and raise my arms , trying to open my lungs . 
 i ca n't speak as tears find my eyes . 
 tears always find my eyes when i ca n't breathe . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 but the words fail me . 
 `` jimmy ... '' i try again and i keep trying until i finally say , `` i ca n't breathe , ma . '' 
 and just saying that takes the last of my air . 
 `` oh , baby . '' 
 and my mother does something that surprises the hell out of me , something that i have been hungering for seemingly all of my life . 
 she grabs me and pulls me into her and holds me tighter than i 've ever been held before , and as i feel her love for me wash over me , something amazing happens . 
 my lungs open and i suck in air , lungful after lungful , and i 'm not very surprised to hear myself weeping into my mother 's shoulder as she rocks me there on my couch . 
 chapter thirty-four `` you look good , cowboy , '' says mary . 
 i laugh , although that causes a great pain in my chest . 
 she 's been around numi enough to pick up on my friend 's terms of endearment . 
 the past two weeks have been rough on everyone i know , especially numi . 
 he is in the living room with my mother and detective dobbs . 
 i can hear them talking quietly . 
 mary is sitting at my side . 
 `` i look as good as a dead man can look , '' i say . 
 i 'd been bedridden for the past two days . 
 numi had called my mother and mary , and all three had been here throughout those days . 
 detective dobbs had only swung by today . 
 no other friends came . 
 i did n't want anyone else here . 
 `` you should n't say that , '' she says , and tries to smile down at me . 
 `` life sucks , you know , '' i say . 
 `` here i fall in love with the girl of my dreams , and i only get to be with her a few times . '' 
 `` twice , if i recall . '' 
 and she pokes me in the belly . 
 yes , she and i had rekindled what we had started a few weeks ago , making love for the second time . 
 a session that had nearly wiped me off the face of the earth . 
 `` i love you , '' i say , and mean it . 
 it is the first time i have told a woman that i love her . 
 at least , the first time that i meant it . 
 `` i love you , jimmy booker . 
 we need to get you better , young man . 
 we have a whole life to live . '' 
 i smile at her . 
 it is a running joke we have . 
 truth is , there is no getting better to me . 
 i 've seen the signs , and so has numi . 
 i 've declined hospice . 
 or , rather , numi declined . 
 truth was , i did n't need hospice care , not with numi there every step of the way . 
 earlier in the week , i 'd gone through what is called a pleurodesis to help my breathing . 
 the procedure helped some , but not enough . 
 still , i am grateful for those who have been there for me , especially the doctors , although , admittedly , if i never see another doctor again , i will die happy . 
 or so i joke . 
 numi does n't like that joke . 
 two days ago , i finally admitted to numi that i had to stay in bed . 
 he did n't want to hear that , either , but only nodded and helped me into my sweats , and then into bed . 
 he brought me food and drinks , but i was n't hungry or thirsty . 
 i declined his offerings , and not too long after that , a deep chill came over me . 
 numi had covered me with an electric blanket and had even gone as far as to lie next to me , holding me close to him . 
 i had told him to quit being so gay , but i appreciated his help . 
 more than he knew . 
 nothing can beat the chill now . 
 when i break out in a sweat and my skin begins turning bluish , mottling , according to the doctor who comes out to see me-he is a young guy who speaks too loudly from the living room-i hear him tell numi that i am in my final days . 
 always nice to hear that . 
 secondhand . 
 yesterday had seen me decline further , and that 's when the call had been made to my mother and mary . 
 today , i am faring a little better , but that could be due to the activity , although a final burst of energy is almost common for those on their deathbeds . 
 enough energy for a final good-bye . 
 my lungs have gotten progressively worse , along with the pain . 
 i am on more pain medication than i want to admit . 
 mary and i spend a quiet moment just sitting with each other . 
 the moments remind me of our sessions , when i did n't always have the strength to speak , and she would tell me that that was okay , and we would sit quietly together . 
 it had been those small moments that had made me fall in love with her . 
 that and her cute nose . 
 `` get better , jimmy boy , '' she says . 
 `` i 'm not done with you yet . '' 
 i smile at her positive words . 
 she , perhaps better than most , knows that there is no getting better for me . 
 but i appreciate her optimism . 
 `` miracles do happen , '' i say . 
 but now she ca n't stop the tears , and her brave face is gone . 
 she lies across me gently and holds me tight and runs her fingers through my hair and tells me over and over again that she loves me and will always love me , no matter what . 
 i tell her the same , but my whispered words are drowned in her own , and so i lie there and absorb her love , and relish her love . 
 finally , she stands and wipes away her tears , smiles at me for a long , long moment , and then she turns and leaves . 
 a moment later , numi steps in and closes the door behind him . 
 chapter thirty-five my friend does not look good . 
 i want to make a joke that i 'm the sick one , but i let it go . 
 numi does not look like he 's in the joking mood . 
 i 've joked with him long enough . 
 i 've made light of my sickness long enough . 
 numi never once joked about my illness . 
 numi took it seriously . 
 took me seriously . 
 took our friendship seriously . 
 numi is not handling any of this well . 
 and why should he ? 
 his best friend is in his final days . 
 and we both know they are my final days , no matter how much numi wishes otherwise . 
 `` how do you feel , kemosabe ? '' 
 asks numi as he sits on the edge of the bed . 
 he rests his hand on my chest and i let him . 
 no longer do i try to shrug him off . 
 or move away from him . 
 i do n't have the strength to shrug or to move , and now that i have had time to reflect on it , i realize that i appreciate his touch . 
 no , i think , as his big hand spreads over my chest and pats me gently . 
 i need his comforting touch . 
 `` i 've been better , '' i say . 
 numi 's stoic face cracks in a small smile . 
 `` yes , boss . 
 you have definitely been better . '' 
 `` have you been painting ? '' 
 i ask , although i know the answer to the question . 
 `` not for many months , cowboy . '' 
 `` do you miss it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 numi stares down at me a long time before answering . 
 `` i 'm going to miss you more , brother . '' 
 now it 's my turn to smile . 
 `` hey , that 's the first time you 've acknowledged that i 'm dying . '' 
 `` i ai n't acknowledging shit . '' 
 i smile again , and so does he . 
 outside , through the closed door , i hear someone laugh lightly . 
 the detective , i think . 
 nice of him to come . 
 he has already stopped in to say hello , although , of course , i knew it was to say good-bye . 
 `` you going to miss me ? '' 
 i ask numi . 
 `` i sure as hell ai n't going to miss your racist , homophobic jokes . '' 
 `` you like my racist , homophobic jokes . '' 
 he nods and gives me a full smile . 
 `` some were funny . 
 but i 'm still pretty sure you have issues to work through . '' 
 `` a little late , '' i say . 
 numi does n't acknowledge that the fun is over , i can see . 
 there are tears in his eyes . 
 `` yeah , i 'm going to miss your white ass . '' 
 `` who 's racist now ? '' 
 but numi covers his face with his big palm as a short , sharp burst of air escapes from behind his hand . 
 i have never seen-or heard-numi cry . 
 shed some quiet tears , yes . 
 this is a first for me . 
 `` i do n't want you to go , jimmy , '' he says , and hearing my name from numi sounds almost foreign to me . 
 `` i know you do n't , '' i say . 
 he keeps his face behind his hand . 
 `` i tried so hard ... '' but he ca n't finish his words and i do something i 've never done before . 
 i sit up and reach my arms around him , and he wraps his around me and holds me tighter than any man has ever held me before , and i do n't care . 
 i do n't care that numi is a man , or a gay man . 
 he is , i realize , the closest thing i have to pure love on this earth . 
 and as numi holds me tight , i realize that i am having trouble breathing again . 
 also , i realize that my burst of strength is fading . 
 i release my hold on him and sit back , and the tears are streaming from his face freely . 
 i feel them on mine , too . 
 i do not let on that i am having trouble breathing again . 
 and i definitely do n't let on that slow , swirling lights have appeared in the room . 
 numi 's hand is back on my chest and as the lights swirl faster and faster , i realize that i am having a very , very hard time breathing . 
 i reach for numi 's hand , hold it . 
 `` numi , '' i say , the word coming out in a short burst of air . 
 my friend has seen me like this before . 
 he knows the drill . 
 `` relax , kemosabe . 
 it 's going to be okay . 
 relax , breathe . '' 
 `` numi , '' i say again . 
 my lungs are n't working . 
 in fact , they are nowhere close to working . 
 `` i ca n't ... '' he 's patting my hand with his other hand , leaning over me . 
 i feel something wet splash on my face and i know they are his tears . 
 complete and total panic grips me . 
 i sit up , trying to get my lungs to work . 
 the light in the room continues to swirl , and it seems to focus in the corner of the room , where the light is forming a shape . 
 a small shape . 
 `` numi ... '' `` breathe , brother . 
 relax . 
 everything 's gon na be okay . '' 
 numi is holding me against him , holding me in this world . 
 i feel his own heart racing , pounding through him and into me . 
 a small breath works its way into my lungs , and i suck it down , expanding my lungs . 
 more air comes to me , and i can take a handful of small breaths . 
 `` good , brother . 
 good . 
 you 're going to be all right . '' 
 when i have calmed down enough , i press my lips into numi 's ear , and whisper , `` i 'm sorry i was a jerk . '' 
 `` it 's okay , cowboy . '' 
 i take in another lungful of air . 
 `` i love you , brother . '' 
 numi pauses before answering . 
 `` i know you do , jimmy . 
 i know you do . '' 
 and the swirling lights stop swirling , and i hear a strange , strangling sound coming from my lungs , and the small figure made of light steps out of the corner of my bedroom , holding out his little hands , and smiling that familiar smile ... 
