 march 4 , 5:32 p.m. budapest , hungary he knew she was being hunted . 
 seated at a chilly bistro table , wrapped in a woolen jacket , tucker wayne watched the woman hurry across the icy medieval plaza known as szentharomsag ter , or trinity square . 
 the blonde , early twenties , glanced over her shoulder one too many times . 
 she wore sunglasses even though most of the plaza was already thick with shadows as the sun set . 
 her crimson silk scarf had been tugged too high over her chin , not because she was cold ; such thin material offered little practical protection against the chilly gusts that swept the plaza . 
 also , she walked too fast compared with the others ambling around the heart of the city 's royal castle district , a major tourist hub for budapest . 
 the army had trained him to maintain such diligence , to watch for the unusual amid the ordinary . 
 when he 'd been a captain with the army rangers , he and his partner had served as the unit 's trackers through two tours in afghanistan-for search-and-rescue operations , for extraction , for hunting down targets of acquisition . 
 in the outlying districts and villages of afghanistan , the difference between life and death was not so much about rifles , kevlar , and the latest risk assessments as it was about noting the rhythms of the environment , the normal ebb and flow of life , and watching for anything out of the ordinary . 
 like now . 
 the woman did n't belong here . 
 even the brightness of her clothing was out of place : the ivory knee-length coat , the red shoes that matched her scarf and hat . 
 among a winter crowd dressed in browns and blacks or tans and grays , she stood out . 
 not wise when you were being hunted . 
 as he watched her nervous progress across the square , he cradled the cup of hot coffee between his palms . 
 he wore a pair of gloves with the fingertips cut out of them . 
 other patrons of the pastry shop gathered inside the small space , where it was warm and crowded at this hour . 
 they were bellied up to the counter or perched at small window-side tables . 
 he was the only one banished to the outdoor patio at the edge of the cold square . 
 he and his partner . 
 the compact shepherd , known as a belgian malinois , lay at his feet , the dog 's muzzle resting on the tip of his boot , ready for any command . 
 kane had served alongside him through two tours in afghanistan . 
 they 'd worked together , eaten together , even bunked together . 
 kane was as much a part of his body as his own arm or leg . 
 when tucker left the service , he took kane with him . 
 since then , tucker had been adrift in the world , intending to stay lost , taking the occasional odd job to support himself-and then moving on . 
 he liked it that way . 
 after all he had seen in afghanistan , he needed new horizons , new vistas , but mostly , he had a drive to keep moving . 
 with no family attachments in the states , he no longer needed a home . 
 it came with him . 
 he reached down and ran his fingers through the dog 's dense black-and-tan fur . 
 kane 's muzzle lifted . 
 dark brown eyes , flecked with gold , stared up at him . 
 it was one of the unique features of domesticated dogs-they studied us as much as we studied them . 
 he matched that gaze and gave a small nod-then flicked his eyes to the square . 
 he wanted his partner to be ready as the woman crossed toward them , about to skirt past the outdoor patio . 
 he scanned the flow of humanity into and out of the plaza as it wound around the towering statue in the center of the square . 
 its baroque facade was covered in marble figures , climbing skyward , toward a brilliant gold star . 
 it represented those in the city who had escaped the black plague during the eighteenth century . 
 as the woman neared , he kept a close eye on anyone staring toward her . 
 there were a few . 
 she was a woman who naturally turned heads : slender , curvaceous , with a fall of blond hair to the middle of her back . 
 at last , across the plaza , he spotted her hunter-or rather , hunters . 
 a mountain of a man , flanked by two smaller figures , entered from a street to the north . 
 they were all dressed in trench coats . 
 the leader was black haired , well over six feet , hugely muscled , and , from the prominent pocking over his face , a chronic abuser of anabolic steroids . 
 tucker noted bulges under the trench coats that suggested concealed weapons . 
 the woman did n't notice the group , her eyes glancing right over them . 
 so she knew someone might be looking for her , but she did n't have the skill or knowledge to pick them out . 
 yet she had the instinct to stay around other people . 
 she hurried past his location , a whiff of jasmine left in her wake . 
 kane tilted his nose up to her scent . 
 she headed toward the doors of the massive matthias church , with its towering stone-laced gothic spire and fourteenth-century reliefs depicting the virgin mary 's death . 
 the doors were still open , waiting for the last of the day 's tourists to straggle out . 
 she headed inside , casting a final look around before ducking past the threshold . 
 tucker finished his coffee , left a tip , and stood . 
 he grabbed kane 's leash and exited just as the trio of hunters swept past . 
 as he followed them , bundled in his jacket and coat , he heard the tallest of the three give quick orders in hungarian . 
 local thugs . 
 tucker shadowed the group as they moved toward the church . 
 one of the three glanced back at him , but tucker knew what he would see . 
 a man in his late twenties , taller than average , sandy blond hair worn a little shaggy , walking a dog outfitted in a brown sweater . 
 tucker hid some of his muscled height by slumping his shoulders and hunching down . 
 his clothing was already nondescript : worn jeans , a battered olive green coat , a wool cap tugged low . 
 he knew not to avoid eye contact-that raised as much suspicion as staring . 
 so he merely nodded politely back and showed disinterest . 
 as the other turned around , tucker touched his nose and ticked his finger toward the mountain of a man in the middle . 
 acquire that one 's scent . 
 kane had a vocabulary of a thousand words , understood a hundred hand gestures , making the dog an extension of himself . 
 the shepherd trotted forward , sniffing behind the man , close to his heels , nose near the edge of the trench coat . 
 tucker pretended to ignore his partner 's efforts , staring off across the square . 
 once kane secured what he needed , the dog dropped back and waited for the next command . 
 his ears remained stiff , his tail high , expressing his alertness . 
 as the trio reached the church , more orders were passed brusquely in hungarian , and the group split up , spreading out to cover the exits . 
 tucker stepped over to a park bench , crouched down next to kane , and tied the end of the leash loosely around its iron leg but unclipped the other end . 
 he merely tucked it in place behind kane 's collar , making it look as if the dog were secured there . 
 next , he slid his fingers under the brown sweater to the camouflaged k9 storm tactical vest . 
 it was waterproof and kevlar reinforced . 
 his fingers flicked on the built-in camera and snaked up its fiber-optic lens , smaller than a pencil eraser , hiding it between the dog 's pricked ears . 
 `` stay , '' he ordered . 
 kane sat in the deep shadows of the church , just another dog waiting for the return of its master . 
 with a final scratch at his partner 's ear , ensuring the bluetooth earpiece was secure , tucker leaned forward , bringing his face close to his dog 's . 
 it was a ritual of theirs . 
 `` who 's a good boy ? '' 
 kane reached his cold nose forward and touched his . 
 that 's right . 
 you are . 
 a tail thumped good-bye as tucker straightened . 
 turning , he watched the huge man stride toward the church 's main entrance with the full confidence of a hunter whose prey had been trapped . 
 he followed , freeing his modified cell phone-courtesy of the military , as was the tactical vest , both stolen when he had left the service . 
 for that matter , so was kane . 
 but after what had happened at that village outside kabul ... he shied from that painful memory . 
 never again ... his whole unit had helped him escape with the dog . 
 but that was another story . 
 he switched on the phone , tapped a few icons on the screen . 
 then a video appeared : of his backside , walking away , the feed coming from kane 's camera . 
 all was in order . 
 tucker pocketed the phone and followed the tall hunter through the doors of the church . 
 inside , massive spiral pillars held up a cavernous space . 
 all around , the plastered walls displayed a frenzy of brilliant golden frescoes depicting the deaths of hungarian saints , brought to life by the flickering of candles throughout the nave . 
 farther down , a series of chapels opened off to the sides , containing a few sarcophagi and a museum of medieval carvings . 
 the entire place smelled vaguely of incense and mildew . 
 tucker easily spotted the target , again standing out in her ivory coat . 
 she sat in a pew halfway down the length of the nave , her head bowed . 
 the hulk of a man took a post near the entrance , leaning against the wall , preparing to wait her out . 
 clearly , the group was afraid to nab her in front of witnesses and was biding its time before making a move . 
 with the sun almost down and the church emptying out , it would not be a long wait . 
 unless tucker did something about it . 
 he slipped past the wide bulk of the man , noting the earpiece in his left ear , then continued into the main church . 
 he moved down to the pew where the woman had parked herself and slipped in next to her . 
 she moved a few inches farther down the bench , barely glancing his way . 
 she had taken off her hat and sunglasses in respect for the church . 
 he reached up and did the same with his cap . 
 her hair shone like gold in the candlelight . 
 her eyes , as she glanced at him , were a watery blue . 
 in her hands , she fondled a cell phone , as if unsure whom to call-or maybe she was hoping for a call . 
 `` do you speak english ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 even the whisper made her flinch , but after a long pause , she answered curtly , `` yes , but i prefer not to be bothered . '' 
 she spoke the words as if she had said them countless times before . 
 her accent was distinctly british , as was her reserve as she slid a full foot away from him . 
 he knelt down in the pew , offering a less intimidating pose , bowing his head to his hands as he spoke . 
 `` i wanted to warn you that three men are following you . '' 
 she tensed , looking ready to bolt . 
 `` i think you should pray , '' he said , motioning her down . 
 `` i 'm jewish . '' 
 `` and i 'm only here to help you . 
 if you want it . '' 
 again that calculating pause , but she slipped gently to her knees . 
 he whispered without facing her . 
 `` they are watching each door out of here . '' 
 when she tried to glance back , he tightened his voice . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 she bowed her forehead to her hands . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` nobody . 
 i saw those armed men following you . 
 i saw how scared you looked - '' `` i do n't need your help . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` okay . 
 i offered . '' 
 he began to stand up , knowing he had done as much as his conscience demanded . 
 he could n't help those who were too proud or stubborn to accept it . 
 she reached low and pinched the sleeve of his jacket . 
 `` wait . '' 
 when he settled back to his knees next to her , she asked , `` how do i know i can trust you ? '' 
 `` you ca n't know for sure . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` either you do or you do n't . '' 
 she stared at him , and he met her gaze . 
 `` i remember you . 
 you were sitting at that patio with a dog . '' 
 `` that you noticed . 
 not the armed thugs trailing you . '' 
 she turned away . 
 `` i like dogs . 
 she was pretty . '' 
 he smiled into his raised palms , warming up to this woman . 
 `` his name is kane . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 then he was handsome . '' 
 she moved a little closer , sounding calmer . 
 `` but what can you do ? '' 
 `` i can get you out of here . 
 away from them . 
 what you want to do from there is up to you . '' 
 that was one of his specialties . 
 extraction . 
 she glanced over to him , swallowing hard . 
 `` then please , help me . '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 `` then let 's get out of here . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 she asked , surprised . 
 `` what about - ? '' 
 his hand closed over hers , silencing her . 
 her palm burned like an ember in his . 
 `` just stay close to me . '' 
 he drew her back out of the pew , letting go of her hand but motioning her to stay behind him . 
 in his other hand , he held a black ka-bar fighting knife hidden alongside his leg . 
 he had slipped the blade out of its ankle sheath as he knelt . 
 he hoped he would n't have to use it . 
 he led her away from the main entrance toward a smaller exit on the south side of the church . 
 he glanced sidelong toward the tall man . 
 the hunter was already swinging away , touching his ear , plainly alerting the man guarding this door . 
 then his hulking form vanished out of sight as he swung around the church to join his comrade . 
 they were likely planning on ambushing her once she stepped outside . 
 once he was gone , tucker abruptly turned , caught the woman around the waist , and swung her around . 
 `` what are you - ? '' 
 `` change of plans , '' he said . 
 `` we 're going out the other way . '' 
 without letting go of her waist , he hurried her toward the north-facing portal , hoping that the radioed message from the big man was drawing all eyes to the south , expecting her to exit there . 
 once at the door , he paused . 
 he held her back and checked his cell phone . 
 video bloomed to light on the tiny screen . 
 though the sun had set by now , the view through the night-vision camera was grainy but bright . 
 it showed the plaza and the main entrance to the church as kane stared toward where his partner had vanished , waiting patiently . 
 good boy . 
 satisfied , he stepped toward the exit , hoping the guard posted out there had been tricked into retreating to the other side of the church , along with their leader . 
 and apparently his ruse worked , unfortunately not to his benefit . 
 the door swung open as tucker reached for it . 
 the third hunter barged inside , plainly intending to take a shortcut across the church rather than around it , planning to bring up the rear behind his fleeing quarry . 
 both tucker and the man were equally caught off guard . 
 tucker reacted first as the hunter 's eyes spotted the woman in the ivory coat and struggled to comprehend how she could be there . 
 using that momentary confusion , tucker lunged and barreled into the man with his shoulder , driving him back out the door and into a narrow dark alley . 
 he slammed him against the brick wall on the far side , driving an elbow into his solar plexus , hard enough for the air to burst from his chest . 
 the man gasped and slumped , but he had enough wits to paw for a hidden weapon . 
 tucker spun , swinging his arm with all the strength in his shoulder . 
 he struck the hilt of his ka-bar dagger against the man 's temple-and drove him to his knees , where he fell limply on his face . 
 tucker quickly searched him . 
 the woman stepped out , too , smartly closing the door to the church , looking terrified . 
 for the moment , with the church mostly deserted , no one seemed to note the attack . 
 he confiscated a feg pa-63 semiautomatic pistol , used commonly by the hungarian police and military . 
 he also found an i.d. folder topped with a badge and flipped it open , recognizing the man 's face , but not the badge , though it looked official . 
 across the top it read nemzetbiztonsagi szakszolgalat , and at the bottom were three letters : nsz . 
 the woman gasped upon seeing it , recognizing it . 
 that ca n't be good . 
 he stared up at her . 
 `` he 's with the hungarian national security service , '' she said . 
 tucker took a deep breath and stood . 
 he had just cold-cocked a member of the hungarian fbi . 
 what had he gotten himself into ? 
 right now , the only answers lay with this woman . 
 he knew he did n't want to be found crouched over this unconscious form , especially by the guy 's teammates . 
 people still had a tendency to disappear in this former soviet bloc country , where corruption continued to run rampant . 
 and , at the moment , was he on the right side of the law or the wrong ? 
 as he stood , he studied the scared eyes of the woman . 
 her fear seemed genuine , based on confusion and panic . 
 he remembered how she had crossed the plaza , offering so open a target . 
 whoever she was , she was n't some criminal mastermind . 
 he had to trust his instincts . 
 one of the reasons he had been paired with kane was his high empathy scores . 
 military war dog handlers had a saying-it runs down the lead-describing how emotions of the pair became shared over time , binding them together as firmly as any leash . 
 the same skill allowed him to read people , to pick up nuances of body language and expression that others might miss . 
 he stared at the woman and recognized she was in real trouble . 
 whatever was happening was not her fault . 
 committed now , he took her hand and headed quickly for a back alley . 
 his hotel was not far off-the hilton budapest , right around the corner . 
 once he got her stashed somewhere safe , he could figure out what was really going on and do something to end it . 
 but first , he needed more information . 
 he needed ears and eyes in the field-and in this case , a nose , too . 
 he recovered his cell phone , tapped a button , and radioed a command . 
 kane hears the word in his ear , spoken with authority . 
 `` track . '' 
 he stands and tugs free of the leash , ignoring the clatter of the clasp on the pavement behind him . 
 he slinks behind the bench to where the shadows will hide him . 
 he lifts his nose to the night , senses swelling outward , filling in the world around him with information beyond mere sight , which is keen enough in the dark . 
 the ripeness of garbage rises from a pail ... the tang of old urine wafts from the stone wall ... the smoky exhaust of cars tries to wash through it all ... but he stays focused , picking out the one scent he was told to follow . 
 it is a blazing trail through all else : the smell of leather and sweat , the salt of skin , the musky dampness held trapped beneath the long coat as the man walked in front of him . 
 he follows that trail now through the air as it hangs like a lighted beacon through the miasma of other scents . 
 he hunts along it from the bench to the stone corner , staying to shadows . 
 he watches the prey come running , circling back into view . 
 he slinks low . 
 the prey and another man rush past him , blind to him . 
 he waits , waits , waits-only then does he follow . 
 belly near the ground , he moves from shadow to shadow until he spots the prey bent over another man . 
 they pick him up , search around , then head away . 
 he flows after them , a ghost upon their trail . 
 tucker hurried the woman through the main entrance to the hilton budapest . 
 the historic structure was just steps away from the matthias church . 
 they had no trouble reaching it unseen . 
 he rushed her into the lobby , struck again by the mix of modern and ancient that typified this city . 
 the hotel incorporated sections of a thirteenth-century dominican monastery , integrating a pointed church tower , a restored abbey , and gothic cellars . 
 the entire place was half modern hotel and half museum . 
 even the entrance they passed through was once the original facade of a jesuit college , dating back to 1688 . 
 he was allowed a room here with kane because of a special international military passport that declared the dog to be a working animal . 
 kane even had his own rank-major , one station higher than tucker . 
 all military war dogs were ranked higher than their handlers . 
 it allowed any abuse of the dogs to be a court martial offense : for striking a superior officer . 
 and kane deserved every bit of his rank and special treatment . 
 he had saved hundreds of lives over the course of his tours of duty . 
 they both had . 
 but now they had another duty : to protect this woman and discover what they had stumbled into . 
 tucker led her across the lobby and up to his guest room : a single with a queen-sized bed . 
 the room was small , but the view looked off to the danube river that split the city into its two halves : buda here and pest across the river . 
 he pulled out the chair by the desk and offered her a seat , while he perched on the edge of the bed . 
 he glanced to the video feed and saw that kane continued to track the two men , now carrying their third teammate , groggy and slung between them . 
 the group threaded through a series of narrow winding streets . 
 he kept the phone on his knee as he faced her . 
 `` so maybe now you can tell me how much trouble i 'm in , miss - ? '' 
 she tried to smile but failed . 
 `` barta . 
 aliza barta . '' 
 tears suddenly welled , as the breadth of events finally struck her . 
 she looked away . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on . 
 i came from london to meet my father-or rather look for him . 
 he is a professor at the budapest university of jewish studies . '' 
 aliza glanced back at him to see if he knew the university . 
 when he could only give her a blank expression , she continued , some family pride breaking through her tears . 
 `` it 's one of the most distinguished universities of rabbinical studies , going back to the mid-1800s . 
 it 's the oldest institution in the world for training and graduating rabbis . '' 
 `` is your father a rabbi ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he is a historian , specifically researching nazi atrocities , with a special emphasis on the looting of jewish treasures and wealth . '' 
 `` i 've heard about attempts to find and return what was stolen . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` a task that will take decades . 
 to give you some scale , the british ministry that i work for in london estimates that the nazis looted $ 27 trillion from the nations they conquered . 
 and hungary was no exception . '' 
 `` and your father was investigating these crimes on hungarian soil ? '' 
 tucker began to get an inkling of the problem here : missing historian , lost nazi treasures , and now the hungarian national security service involved . 
 someone had found something . 
 `` for the past decade he had been researching one specific theft . 
 the looting of the hungarian national bank near the end of the war . 
 a nazi ss officer-oberfuhrer erhard bock-and his team absconded with thirty-six cases of gold bullion and gems valued today at $ 92 million . 
 according to reports at the time , it was all loaded onto a freighter steaming up the danube , headed to vienna , but the party was bombed by fighter planes , and the treasure was jettisoned overboard , near where the morava river joins the danube . '' 
 `` and this treasure was never found . '' 
 `` which struck my father as odd , since this theft was so well known , as was its fate . 
 and the mouth of the morava river is quite shallow that time of year , made even shallower by a two-year-old drought at the time . 
 to my father , it seemed like someone would have found those heavy crates before the river mud claimed them . '' 
 `` but your father had another theory , did n't he ? '' 
 her bright eyes found his . 
 `` he thinks the treasure was never removed but hidden somewhere here in budapest , stashed away until erhard bock considered it safe to return . 
 of course , that never happened , and on his deathbed , bock hinted that the treasure was still here , claiming it was buried below where even the claws of the jewish dead could reach it . '' 
 tucker sighed . 
 `` like they say , once a nazi , always a nazi . '' 
 `` then , two days ago , my father left me a cryptic message on my answering machine . 
 claimed he had made a breakthrough , from a clue he had discovered in some newly restored archive of the university 's library , something from the prague cave . '' 
 `` the prague cave ? '' 
 a nod , then aliza explained , `` the university library here contains the largest collection of jewish theological and historical literature outside of israel . 
 but when german troops marched into the city , they immediately closed the rabbinical university and turned it into a prison . 
 however , just before that happened , the most valuable manuscripts were hidden in an underground safe . 
 but a significant number of important documents-three thousand books-were sent to prague , where adolf eichmann planned the construction of a museum of an extinct race in the old jewish quarter . '' 
 `` what a nice guy . '' 
 `` it took until the eighties for that cache of books to be found in a cave beneath prague . 
 they were restored to the library here after the fall of communism in 1989 . '' 
 `` and your father discovered something in one of those recovered books . '' 
 she faced him , scrunching up her face . 
 `` in a geology text , of all places . 
 on the message , he asked for my help with the british ministry to obtain satellite data . 
 something my father in hungary could n't easily access . '' 
 `` what sort of data ? '' 
 `` ground-penetrating radar information from a u.s. geophysical satellite . 
 he needed a deep-earth scan of the district of pest on the far side of the danube . '' 
 she glanced out the window toward the river as the spread of the city glowed against the coming night . 
 `` after i got that message , i tried calling him for more details , but i never heard back . 
 after twenty-four hours , i got concerned and asked a friend to check his apartment . 
 she reported that his flat had been ransacked , torn apart , and my father was missing . 
 so i caught the first flight down here . 
 i spent the day with the hungarian police , but they had barely made any headway and promised to keep me informed . 
 when i got back to my hotel room , i found the door broken open , and all my luggage searched , the room turned over . '' 
 she glanced at him . 
 `` i did n't know what else to do , did n't know who to trust , so i fled and ended up at the square . 
 i was sure someone was watching me , following me , but i thought maybe i was being paranoid . 
 what could anyone want with me ? 
 what were they looking for ? '' 
 `` did you ever get that satellite information your father asked about ? '' 
 her eyes widened , and her fingers went to the pocket of her coat . 
 she removed a tiny usb flash drive . 
 `` is this what they were looking for ? '' 
 `` that , and possibly you . 
 to use you as leverage against your father . '' 
 `` but why ? 
 where could my father be ? '' 
 tucker stared down at the cell phone on his knee . 
 the party that kane tracked had reached a parked sedan beyond the historical district . 
 he saw kane slow to a stop and slink back into the shadows nearby . 
 the leader was easy to spot , leaning against the hood , a cell phone pressed to his ear . 
 `` maybe these guys can tell us , '' he said . 
 `` do you speak hungarian ? '' 
 `` i do . 
 my family is from here . 
 we lost most everyone following the deportation of hungarian jews to auschwitz . 
 but a few survived . '' 
 he patted the bed next to him . 
 `` then listen to this . '' 
 she joined him and stared at the live feed on the screen . 
 `` who is filming this ? '' 
 she leaned closer . 
 `` are n't those the men who were following me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she squinted up at him . 
 `` how - ? '' 
 `` i had my dog track them . 
 he 's outfitted with a full surveillance package . '' 
 his explanation only deepened that pinched look . 
 rather than elaborating in more detail , he simply turned up the speakerphone so the audio from the video feed could be heard . 
 traffic noises and a whisper of wind ate most of the big man 's words , but a few coarse phrases came through clearly . 
 aliza cocked her head to the side , listening . 
 tucker appreciated the long curve of her neck , the way her lips pursed ever so slightly as she concentrated . 
 `` what are they saying ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she spoke haltingly , listening and speaking at the same time . 
 `` something about a cemetery . 
 a lost jewish cemetery . '' 
 she shook her head as the man ended his call and vanished into the sedan . 
 `` he mentioned something at the end . 
 a street . 
 salgotarjani . '' 
 as the car pulled away , tucker lifted the phone and pressed the button , radioing to kane . 
 `` return home . 
 good boy , kane . '' 
 lowering the phone , he watched kane swing around and begin backtracking his way to the hotel . 
 satisfied , he turned to aliza . 
 `` i 'm guessing that trio went rogue . 
 some faction heard about your father 's inquiry , about his possible breakthrough in discovering that lost treasure trove . 
 and they 're trying to loot what was already looted . '' 
 `` so what do we do ? 
 go to the police ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure that 's the wisest plan , especially if you want your father back alive . '' 
 she paled at his words , but he did n't regret saying them . 
 she had to know the stakes . 
 `` now that they 've lost your trail , they 'll run scared . '' 
 he saw it even on that grainy footage . 
 `` the police are already investigating the disappearance of your father . 
 since they came after you , to use as leverage , that suggests he 's still alive at the moment . 
 but now with the police closing in and you nowhere to be found , they 'll act rashly . 
 i fear that if they ca n't get what they want by tonight , they 'll kill your father to cover their tracks . 
 likewise , if he gives them what they want , the end result may be the same . '' 
 `` so there 's no hope . '' 
 `` there 's always hope . 
 they 're scared and will be more apt to make a mistake . '' 
 and be more dangerous , he added silently . 
 `` then what do we do ? '' 
 `` we find out where they took your father . 
 that street you mentioned . 
 do you know where that 's located ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't know the city that well . '' 
 `` i 've got a map . '' 
 he retrieved it and spread it on the bed . 
 she leaned next to him , shoulder to shoulder , her jasmine perfume distracting . 
 `` here it is , '' she said . 
 `` salgotarjani street . '' 
 he ran a finger along the dead-end street . 
 `` it lies near the center of pest , and it looks like it runs adjacent to ... '' he read the name and looked at her . 
 `` kerepesi cemetery . 
 could that be the lost jewish burial site you heard them talking about ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't see how . 
 kerepesi is the oldest cemetery in all of hungary . '' 
 she shifted her finger closer to the danube . 
 `` this is the jewish quarter , where you 'll find most of our burial plots . 
 it 's a good three miles away from kerepesi cemetery . '' 
 `` then i 'll have to take kane and check out that street myself . '' 
 `` it 's too dangerous . '' 
 she touched his arm . 
 `` i ca n't ask you to do that . '' 
 `` you do n't have to ask . 
 if i do n't end this , they 'll come after me , too . 
 that guy i knocked down in the alley will know you were n't alone . 
 i 'd rather not spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder for a rogue agent from the hungarian nsz . '' 
 `` then i 'm coming with you . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 kane and i work alone . 
 you 'll be safer here . '' 
 she blocked him when he made a move toward the door . 
 `` you do n't speak the language . 
 you do n't know what my father looks like . 
 and you do n't know anything about the city . 
 it 's my father 's life that 's in danger . 
 i 'm not going to sit idly by , hoping for the best . 
 that did n't work so well for my people in the past . '' 
 she was ready to argue , but he shrugged . 
 `` you had me at you do n't speak the language . 
 let 's go . '' 
 tucker shared the backseat with aliza as the taxi swept along the arched magnificence of the chain bridge as it spanned the danube . 
 she sat in the middle , between him and kane . 
 the shepherd spent most of the ride with his nose pushed out the crack in the window , his tail thumping happily . 
 beside him , aliza stroked kane 's shoulder , which probably contributed to much of the tail-thumping . 
 at least the presence of the dog had helped calm her . 
 the tension in her body , while still there , had softened a bit . 
 still , she clutched an old sweater of her father 's in her lap , her knuckles pale . 
 upon exiting the hotel , they had stopped long enough to collect kane , who had been dutifully waiting for them outside the entrance to the hilton . 
 they had also stopped along the way out of buda to meet with a friend of aliza 's father , one who was willing to sneak into the taped-off apartment and steal an article of clothing from the hamper in the closet . 
 they needed her father 's scent . 
 it was a risky move , but apparently no one was watching the place . 
 still , tucker kept an eye out for any tail as they left the bridge and headed into pest , leaving buda behind . 
 in another fifteen minutes , they reached the heart of this half of budapest and skirted past the rolling park-like setting of kerepesi cemetery , with its massive mausoleums , acres of statuary , and hillsides of gravestones . 
 the taxi rolled to a stop at salgotarjani street , on the border of the cemetery . 
 aliza spoke a few words of hungarian with the driver , who 'd spent most of the cab ride eyeing kane with suspicion . 
 aliza paid him , handing over a couple extra bills for his trouble . 
 they all piled out and waited for the taxi to leave . 
 as it pulled away , aliza turned to him . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 `` we will let kane take point from here , but first i need to prep him . '' 
 he pointed to a dark park bench , well hidden and shadowed by an ancient oak . 
 the entire street ahead looked overgrown and forgotten , densely forested with beech and birch , thick with broad-leaf bushes and tangles of wild roses . 
 a few homes dotted the way , evident from a scatter of lights glowing through the trees . 
 the road itself was crumbled and pitted , long forgotten . 
 he led her to the bench , and they sat down . 
 kane came trotting up to them after lifting his leg on an old stump , claiming this street for himself . 
 tucker scuffled his scruff and shook the hidden tactical vest , making sure nothing rattled to give the dog away . 
 from here , they needed as much stealth as possible . 
 he thumbed on the camera , raised the lens , and checked the dog 's earpiece . 
 `` all suited up , buddy , '' tucker said , nuzzling close . 
 `` ready to hunt ? '' 
 a savage swipe of his tail answered that . 
 his dark eyes shone in the shadows . 
 aliza passed tucker the wool sweater . 
 kane had already taken a good whiff of her father 's scent , but it never hurt to reinforce it . 
 `` target , '' tucker said as kane snuffled deep into the woolen garment . 
 as the dog lifted his nose free again , tucker pointed down the tree-shrouded street . 
 `` track and find . '' 
 the dog twisted and took off . 
 in seconds , he vanished into the shadows as if he were never there . 
 tucker stood , freeing his cell phone . 
 he had donned his own earpiece and taped on a throat mike to communicate hands-free with the shepherd . 
 in his ear , he heard the dog sniffing and softly panting , the sounds amplified by the sensitive microphones of the surveillance gear . 
 trying one last time , tucker turned to aliza . 
 `` you could wait here . 
 if we find anything - '' she looked temped but stood up . 
 `` i 'm right behind you . '' 
 he nodded and checked on the stolen feg pa-63 pistol tucked into the back of his belt . 
 `` let 's see what kane can find . '' 
 they set off down the road . 
 he kept them to the deeper shadows of the overgrown lane , avoiding the pools of light cast by the occasional brick houses . 
 not that such caution was overly necessary . 
 he heard kane , and with the aid of the camera , saw through the shepherd 's eyes . 
 the dog was as much an extension of his senses as he was a partner . 
 as they continued , other dogs barked in the distance , perhaps scenting the arrival of kane . 
 while humans had on average six million olfactory receptors in their noses , hunting dogs like kane had three hundred million , which heightened their sense of smell a thousandfold , allowing them to scent a target from two football fields away . 
 tucker kept one eye on the road ahead and an ear out for any noise behind him . 
 all the while , he monitored kane 's progress as he crisscrossed and pursued any evidence of a scent trail through here . 
 tucker felt his perception widening , stretching to match that of his dog , blurring the line between them . 
 he became more keenly aware of aliza : the smell of her skin , the tread of her heels , the whisper of her breath as it wheezed . 
 he even felt the heat of her body on his back when she hovered close . 
 on the screen , kane ran low across the street one more time , circling toward what appeared to be a dead end . 
 there were no homes back here , and the forest seemed to grow thicker and taller , the trees even older . 
 a brick archway appeared , half-buried in the woods , its facade cracked and gap-toothed . 
 a rusted black iron gate blocked the way through that archway . 
 what lay beyond it ? 
 as kane approached , he swept the edge of the turnaround , staying hidden . 
 a small caretaker 's house abutted the archway , evident from the dark windows to one side . 
 when kane reached the gate , he sniffed along the lower edge-then his body stiffened , nose out , tail back . 
 the pointed posture silently heralded his partner 's success . 
 tucker turned and touched aliza 's arm . 
 `` kane found your father 's scent up ahead . '' 
 her eyes widened with hope . 
 she stepped forward , ready to move faster , but he held her in check , his fingers tightening on her arm . 
 `` just stay behind me . '' 
 he touched his throat mike and subvocalized to kane . 
 `` good boy . 
 stand down . 
 hide . '' 
 on the screen , he watched kane break from his position , wheel away , and slip into the shadows to the right of the archway . 
 tucker led aliza forward . 
 as they reached the end of the road , all seemed quiet . 
 he maneuvered her under a beech tree . 
 `` i 'm going to check on the gate , '' he said . 
 `` see if it 's locked . 
 you stay hidden until i give you the all-clear . '' 
 she nodded , one hand rising nervously to her throat . 
 he then took kane 's example and edged along the periphery of the turnaround versus going straight across , sticking to the deepest shadows . 
 the moon was bright overhead , casting too much light . 
 he dropped low and kept out of direct sight of the windows of the cottage that merged with the bricked archway . 
 without raising any alarm , he reached the gate . 
 he saw no chain and risked reaching out to push one side of the gate , but before he could do so , a twin set of lights-headlamps-blazed from beyond the gate , spotlighting and blinding him . 
 a familiar gruff voice called out of the darkness ; unfortunately , it was in hungarian . 
 so tucker decided to ignore it . 
 he whipped to the side , yanking out the feg pa-63 pistol , and fired at the headlamps . 
 return fire pinged off the gate and chewed into the bricks . 
 one headlamp blacked out in a shattering pop of glass . 
 then the car came jamming forward . 
 crap . 
 tucker danced back out of the archway , diving to the side as the sedan came charging toward him . 
 he shoulder-rolled clear , the gates banging open behind him as the huge black beast came blasting into the turnaround . 
 gunfire chased him into the forest 's edge . 
 he ducked behind the bole of an old oak and caught his breath . 
 he subvocalized a command to kane . 
 `` stay hidden . '' 
 he planned on doing the same . 
 then that hungarian voice yelled to him , heard above the growl of the idling engine . 
 he risked a glance to the street . 
 the back passenger door was ajar . 
 he saw aliza being dragged into the glow of the headlamp . 
 the burst of the sedan must have caught her by surprise , the light reaching her hiding spot , exposing her . 
 the gruff hungarian with the pocked face held her by the throat , a pistol at her temple . 
 the man tried english this time . 
 `` you come now or woman dead ! '' 
 with no choice , tucker stepped into the open , his hands high , the pistol hanging loosely from one finger . 
 `` toss gun ! '' 
 he was ordered . 
 tucker underhanded it toward the sedan . 
 it skidded under the car . 
 `` come now ! '' 
 now this should get interesting ... which was never a good thing . 
 he joined aliza , who cast him an apologetic look . 
 he shook his head . 
 not your fault . 
 after his body was given a cursory search , he and aliza were forced at gunpoint toward the archway and the gate , now broken and hanging askew . 
 the sedan backed up behind them , pushing them all forward . 
 beyond the brick span , the forest grew even denser , overgrown with ivy and thick ferns . 
 graves and mausoleums looked tossed about like children 's blocks . 
 many looked broken into , leaving gaping holes in the ground . 
 other markers had been toppled or leaned drunkenly against one another . 
 moss and lichen etched the white marble and stone . 
 mounds of leaf matter and broken deadfall obscured many of the rest . 
 tucker glanced to aliza . 
 he saw the recognition in her eyes . 
 the closest gravestone bore a deeply inscribed star of david . 
 here was the lost jewish cemetery . 
 they were forced to the side , toward the caretaker 's cottage . 
 a small room in back glowed feebly with light seeping past heavy drapes . 
 as they neared it , a door opened and allowed that blaze to sweep over them . 
 a stranger stood there , a tall man with a skeletal frame and thick black-rimmed glasses . 
 his eyes swept past tucker and focused on aliza . 
 she stumbled forward , then restrained herself . 
 `` professor csorba ... '' so she knew this man . 
 `` jo estet , miss barta , '' he greeted her . 
 `` i 'm sorry this reunion is under such poor circumstances . '' 
 he stepped clear of the doorway . 
 `` domonkos , bring our two guests inside . '' 
 the professor 's eyes finally found tucker 's face . 
 `` i did not imagine the independent miss barta would hire a bodyguard . 
 an oversight of mine , but no harm done in the end . '' 
 the pock-faced hulk named domonkos shoved tucker toward the steps and through the door . 
 inside , the cottage room was quaint , with a raw-hewn plank floor covered in thick but worn rugs , heavy wood beams strapped to a low ceiling , and a small hearth glowing with embers . 
 tucker was forced against one wall , guarded over by domonkos . 
 one of the other two thugs took a post by a nearby window . 
 the last vanished down a hall , likely to watch the street outside , ready to respond if the brief firefight drew any unwanted attention . 
 as he settled against the wall , tucker smelled a familiar sourness to the air , coming from those shadowy spaces beyond this room . 
 somewhere back there , a body or two moldered and had begun to stink . 
 likely the original caretakers . 
 but not all of the bloodshed here was old . 
 tied to a chair was an elderly man with a full head of gray hair . 
 his face was bruised , one eye swollen , dried blood running in trails from both nostrils . 
 when tucker first stepped inside , that remaining eye had blazed with defiance-but no longer , not after the slim figure followed tucker inside . 
 `` aliza ! '' 
 he croaked out . 
 `` papa ! '' 
 she rushed forward , collapsing on her knees at his side . 
 tears were already running down her face . 
 she turned to the man who had greeted her . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid i have ninety-two million reasons why , my dear . '' 
 `` but you worked with my father for thirty years . '' 
 `` yes , ten of those years under communist rule , while your father spent that time in london , raising a family , enjoying the freedom of such a life . '' 
 the man 's voice rang with jealousy and pent-up fury . 
 `` you have no understanding of what life was like here , if you could call it that . 
 i lost my marja because they did n't have enough antibiotics . 
 then my brave little lujza , living up to her name as warrior , was shot during a protest . 
 i will not see this treasure handed back to the hungarian government , one little better than before , with many of the same players in power . 
 never ! '' 
 `` so you will take it for yourself ? '' 
 aliza asked , not backing down from his vehemence . 
 `` and i will use it for good , to help the oppressed , to heal the sick . '' 
 `` and what of my father ? '' 
 she sobbed . 
 `` will you heal him ? '' 
 `` i will let him live . 
 if he cooperates , if you do the same . '' 
 fat chance , tucker thought . 
 the same doubt shone from her face . 
 csorba held out his palm . 
 `` i have contacts enough to know , aliza , that you have obtained what your father asked . 
 the satellite feed from the americans . '' 
 `` do n't do it ... '' her father forced out , though each syllable pained him . 
 she glanced over to her father , then looked at tucker . 
 he recognized she had no choice . 
 they 'd search her , punish her , and in the end , they 'd get what they wanted . 
 he lowered his chin , passing on his opinion-but also hiding his throat mike . 
 they had taken his phone , his knife , but had n't noticed the earpiece shoved deep in his left ear or the thin sensors of the radio microphone taped over his larynx . 
 it was sensitive enough to pick up the slightest subvocalized whisper . 
 as aliza handed over the usb flash drive , stirring up excitement in the room , tucker covered his mouth and whispered quiet commands . 
 kane hides in shadow , his heart thunders , his breathing pants quietly . 
 he remembers the aching blasts , the screech of tires , the spew of oily exhaust . 
 he wanted to run to his partner , to bark and howl and bite . 
 but he stays in shadow because that was what he was told . 
 now new purpose fills his ear . 
 `` retrieve my gun . 
 hide under car . '' 
 he stares out of the darkness to the moonlit pavement , to the gun out there . 
 he knows guns . 
 he watched it slide under the car when his partner threw it . 
 then the car left . 
 the gun stayed . 
 kane shoots out of the darkness , gliding low . 
 he scoops up the gun , smelling smoke and fire and the whisper of his partner 's sweat . 
 he rushes back into darkness , into hiding , but he does not stop . 
 he swerves on silent paws , diving back around . 
 he races through the archway , drawn to the soft putter of a cooling engine , to the reek of burned oil-ready to slide beneath and wait . 
 but a growl comes from the left . 
 shadows break out of the forest , the largest before him . 
 he has smelled the other dogs , along the road , upon the bushes , in the air . 
 they marked this place as their own . 
 he lowers the gun to the dirt . 
 he recognizes the leader by his stiff-legged movements as he stalks forward in the slink of the shadows that share this space . 
 this was their wild land , and they claimed it for themselves . 
 to help his partner , kane must make it his own-if only for the night . 
 with a low growl , he leaps for the largest shadow . 
 the howl and wails of a savage dogfight echoed eerily through to the cottage . 
 it sounded like something from a prehistoric epoch , full of blood , anger , and survival . 
 tucker heard it through his earpiece , too . 
 kane . 
 his heart clutched in fear . 
 domonkos smiled , drawn by that chorus . 
 he said something in hungarian that made the one at the window laugh . 
 csorba did not lift his face from a laptop he had pulled out of a briefcase . 
 `` wild dogs , '' he explained as he worked . 
 `` they make their home in this forgotten cemetery . '' 
 no wonder no one had reacted to kane 's earlier canvass of the place . 
 to those here , he was just another shadowy cur skulking about . 
 `` dogs ! '' 
 csorba continued . 
 `` that is who you want to hand that great treasure over to , jakob . '' 
 aliza 's father lifted his head enough to glare at the man . 
 father and daughter clutched hands together . 
 neither was deceived that they would survive . 
 `` but men in power are more savage than dogs , '' csorba continued . 
 `` give them that much gold , and it will fuel a firestorm of corruption and abuse . 
 many will die . 
 it is better this way . '' 
 tucker had a hard time concentrating through the ongoing chorus of growls and snarling barks-then suddenly the dogfight ended , as swiftly as it started . 
 holding his breath , he strained to listen for the outcome of that fight , but he heard nothing . 
 no panted breath , no snuffle , no soft pad of paw . 
 the continuous and reassuring presence of his dog had gone silent . 
 had the camera 's audio gotten damaged or accidentally switched off during the fight ? 
 or was it something worse ? 
 his heart pounded in his throat . 
 kane ... csorba rubbed his hands . 
 `` at last . '' 
 the screen of his laptop filled with an old map of this cemetery , one drawn by hand , even showing the brick archway . 
 the professor pointed to the screen . 
 `` jakob discovered this map amid old papers that described an interment back in 1888 . 
 how gravediggers broke into a cave beneath this cemetery . 
 the hungarian landscape is full of such natural cavern systems . 
 even here under budapest , over two hundred caves-big and small-are found right under our capital , most formed by the natural geothermic activity of this region . '' 
 aliza stirred , her eyes widening . 
 `` the dying words of oberfuhrer erhard bock . 
 that the stolen gold was buried below where even the claws of the jewish dead could reach it . 
 he was being literal , referring to a jewish cemetery . 
 below a jewish cemetery . '' 
 `` how like a nazi to bury his looted treasure in a jewish cemetery , '' csorba said . 
 `` erhard bock must have heard the stories about this small cemetery , one well away from the jewish quarter , and learned about the cave beneath it . 
 after burying his treasure , he likely slew anyone who knew about it , removed all references to it , ensuring the secret would die with him if he was n't able to retrieve it later . '' 
 jakob lifted his head , speaking to his daughter . 
 `` but he never thought one of those old books would survive and make its way back to budapest . 
 evil never thinks of everything . '' 
 those last words were directed at csorba , but they fell on deaf ears . 
 `` here we go , '' the professor said . 
 on the screen , modern satellite data began overlaying the old hand-drawn map . 
 the ground-penetrating radar was capable of discerning pockets deep beneath the earth : hidden cellars , bunkers , caves , even entire cavern systems . 
 upon the screen , topographic lines revealed the contour of the cemetery 's surface , while darker splotches revealed hidden pockets below . 
 in the upper left quadrant , an oily blotch grew distinct , underlying one of the graves marked on the map . 
 csorba turned , his face glowing with excitement . 
 `` that 's it ! '' 
 his eyes turned to domonkos . 
 `` gather your two men , along with hammers , crowbars , and flashlights . 
 if the treasure is here , we 'll have one night to empty it all into a truck and get it out of budapest before anyone grows suspicious . '' 
 the big man pointed to tucker , speaking in hungarian . 
 csorba nodded and answered . 
 tucker turned to aliza . 
 she explained , looking scared . 
 `` he says you look strong . 
 that they might need extra muscle to break open the grave . '' 
 and likely it would become his own grave . 
 csorba pointed to aliza . 
 `` tie her down . 
 we will deal with them once we confirm that the treasure is here . '' 
 aliza 's wrists and ankles were quickly bound with plastic ties . 
 once she was secure , csorba lifted a small case , placed it on the desk , and opened it , revealing blocks of yellow-gray c-4 wired with blasting caps . 
 he flicked a switch , and green lights lit up in a row . 
 csorba turned , speaking in english , plainly for his prisoners ' benefit . 
 `` this comes courtesy of colleagues of domonkos at the hungarian national security service . '' 
 he lifted a wireless transmitter . 
 `` a small gift to help erase our handiwork here , while creating enough chaos to aid our escape out of hungary . '' 
 his gaze fixed to tucker as he pocketed the transmitter . 
 `` and for now , i believe , it shall serve as extra insurance in case you decide to try something foolish . 
 with the press of a button , aliza and jakob will make this cemetery their final resting place . '' 
 tucker was shoved toward the door and out into the night . 
 after the brightness inside , the shrouded cemetery seemed infinitely darker . 
 he searched around for kane . 
 had he made it under the sedan with the gun ? 
 there was no way of knowing without looking . 
 he tripped himself and went sprawling flat on his belly , raising a guffaw from domonkos . 
 on the ground , tucker searched beneath the sedan 's undercarriage . 
 it was dark , but he saw nothing there . 
 no sign of kane . 
 a meaty hand grabbed him and hauled him up . 
 `` there are hidden grave markers and stones littered across these fifteen acres , '' csorba warned . 
 `` it would be easy to crack your head open . 
 so you should best watch your step . '' 
 tucker heard the veiled threat . 
 csorba headed out , taking the lead , holding a flashlight in one hand and a handheld gps in the other . 
 tucker followed , trailed by the other men , across the overgrown cemetery . 
 ivy scrabbled over every surface . 
 corkscrewed tendrils snagged at his jacket . 
 broken branches snapped like brittle bones underfoot . 
 all around , the flashlights danced over shadows and revealed greater threats than old markers on the ground . 
 yawning black pits began to open around them , half hidden by foliage or stripped over by vines , revealing collapsed or ransacked old tombs . 
 threat or not , tucker decided to take csorba 's words to heart and watched where he placed each foot . 
 the men chattered excitedly behind him in their native tongue , likely planning how to spend their share of $ 92 million . 
 the professor moved silently , contemplatively . 
 tucker used the distraction to touch his throat mike and try radioing kane . 
 can you hear me , buddy ? 
 kane crouches amid the shadowy pack . 
 he bleeds , pants , and stares the others down . 
 none come forward to challenge . 
 the one who first did slinks forward on his belly with a low whine of submission . 
 his throat still bears the mark of kane 's fangs , but he lives , having known to submit to an opponent who outmatched him . 
 he still reeks of urine and defeat . 
 kane allows him to come forward now . 
 they lick muzzles , and kane permits him to stand , to take his place in the pack . 
 afterward , kane turns . 
 the battle has carried him far from the car , from the gun . 
 as he stares , pondering what to do , a new command fills his ear . 
 `` track me . 
 bring gun . 
 stay hidden . '' 
 with this wild land now his , kane heads back to where the fight began . 
 he rushes silently through the woods , whispering through bushes , leaping darkness , dodging stone . 
 but it is not only the land that is his now . 
 shadows ghost behind him . 
 he is not alone . 
 csorba called out in hungarian , holding out his gps . 
 he had stopped near a flat-topped crypt raised a foot above the ground . 
 its surface was mostly obscured under a thick mat of leaf detritus and mulch , as if the earth were trying to swallow the tomb up . 
 tucker was handed a hammer and a crowbar . 
 he considered how best to use them to his advantage , but now the professor had a pistol in hand , pointed his way , plainly not planning on getting his own hands dirty . 
 plus the man still had the wireless transmitter in his pocket . 
 tucker remembered the frightened look on aliza 's face , the grief shining from her father 's . 
 he could not fail them . 
 with no choice but to cooperate , tucker worked with the others . 
 using hammers , they managed to loosen the lid . 
 once done , they all jammed crowbars into one side and cranked together on the slab of thick marble , as if trying to pry open a stubborn manhole cover . 
 it seemed an impossible task-then , with a grating pop of stone , the lid suddenly lifted . 
 an exhalation of sulfurous air escaped , like the brimstone breath of the devil . 
 one of the trio made a sign of the cross on his forehead , in some superstitious warding against evil . 
 the others made fun of this action , but only half-heartedly . 
 afterward , with some effort , they pushed and shoved and worked the lid off the base of the crypt . 
 csorba came forward with his flashlight and pointed the beam down . 
 he swore happily in hungarian . 
 cheers rose from the others . 
 stone stairs led from the lip of the tomb and vanished into darkness below . 
 they 'd found the right tomb . 
 orders were quickly made . 
 tucker was forced to sit on the edge of another crypt , guarded at gunpoint by two of the men . 
 domonkos and csorba , both with flashlights in hand , climbed down together to see what lay below , vanishing away , leaving only the glow of their lights shining eerily out of the open tomb . 
 with nothing to lose , tucker sat with his arms behind his back , feigning full cooperation . 
 as if mumbling to himself or praying , he subvocalized into the throat mike . 
 `` kane . 
 keep hidden . 
 bring gun . '' 
 he held his palms open behind him and waited . 
 he breathed deeply to keep himself calm . 
 he let his eyes drift closed . 
 c'mon , kane ... one of the men yelped . 
 he saw the man twirl pointing his pistol toward the woods . 
 a low growl flowed from the forest , a shadow shifted to the left , twigs cracked . 
 other throats rumbled in the darkness , noise rising from all sides . 
 more shadows shifted . 
 the two men spoke rapidly in hungarian , their eyes huge . 
 it was the cemetery 's pack of wild dogs . 
 then tucker felt something cold and wet touch the fingers behind his back . 
 he jumped , startled . 
 he had n't heard a thing . 
 he reached back there and found fur . 
 then something heavy was dropped into his palms . 
 the pistol . 
 `` good boy , '' he whispered under his breath . 
 `` stay . '' 
 it seemed kane had won over some friends . 
 tucker gently placed the pistol on the tomb behind him . 
 using the ongoing distraction , he reached blindly back to kane to investigate the audio glitch . 
 he did n't want to be cut off from his partner any longer . 
 especially not now . 
 he needed this link more than ever . 
 he toggled the camera off , then on again , rebooting it , praying that was enough . 
 a moment later , a satisfying squelch of static in his left ear meant all was right with the world . 
 `` all done , kane . 
 go back and hide with your friends . '' 
 all he heard as kane retreated was the softest scrape of nail on marble . 
 within another minute , the forest went quiet again , the pack vanishing into the night . 
 the two guards shook off their fear , laughing brusquely now that the threat seemed to have backed off , sure they had intimidated the pack away . 
 as tucker listened to the soft pant of kane in his ear , he slipped the pistol into his belt and hid it under the fall of his jacket . 
 and not a moment too soon . 
 a shout rose from the open crypt . 
 the light grew brighter . 
 then domonkos 's pocked face appeared and barked new orders , smiling broadly . 
 tucker could almost see the sheen of gold in his eyes . 
 had they actually found the stolen treasure ? 
 tucker was forced to his feet and made to follow domonkos down into the crypt . 
 he guessed they needed as many able-bodied men as possible to haul up the treasure from below . 
 tucker mounted the steps , trailed by the other two men . 
 the narrow stairs descended from walls made of brick to a tunnel chiseled out of natural stone . 
 he lost count at a hundred steps . 
 conversation had died down as they descended , stifled by the weight of stone above and the dreams of riches below . 
 soon all tucker heard was the men breathing around him , their echoing footfalls , and somewhere far below the drip of water . 
 good . 
 at last , the end of the staircase appeared , lit by the glow from csorba 's flashlight . 
 reaching the cavern , domonkos entered ahead of them , sweeping his arm to encompass the space as if welcoming them to his home . 
 he found his voice again and chattered happily to his comrades . 
 tucker took a few steps into the space , awed by the natural vault , dripping with water , feathered with thick capes of flowstone and spiked above by stalactites . 
 tucker wondered how many jewish slaves oberfuhrer erhard bock had worked to death to tunnel into this secret cavern , how many others had died to keep its secret-and as he stared over at csorba , he wondered how this jewish scholar could so blithely discount his own heritage and prepare to steal gold soaked in his ancestors ' own blood . 
 csorba stood next to a stack of crates , each a cubic foot in size and emblazoned with a swastika burned into the wood . 
 he had broken one open , pulled down from the top of the pile . 
 hundreds of gold ingots , each the size of a stick of butter , spilled across the floor . 
 csorba turned , wide-eyed . 
 he spoke to the others , who all cheered . 
 he even shared the news with tucker . 
 `` erhard bock lied , '' he said , awe filling his voice . 
 `` there are not thirty-six crates here . 
 there are over eighty ! '' 
 tucker calculated in his head . 
 that equaled over $ 200 million . 
 not a bad haul if you do n't mind murdering some innocent cemetery caretakers , a kindly university professor , his daughter-not to mention yours truly . 
 and who knows how many more ? 
 he 'd heard and seen enough . 
 he slipped out his pistol , raised it , and shot three times . 
 three head shots . 
 three bodies fell . 
 the last was domonkos , who sank with the most bewildered expression on his face . 
 he could n't bring all four back to the surface by himself . 
 too risky . 
 but he could bring one , the man behind all of this . 
 csorba stumbled into the crate and yanked his wireless detonator out of his pocket . 
 `` another step and i 'll press it . '' 
 to see if he 'd actually do it , tucker took that step and another . 
 he saw the man 's thumb tremble on the button . 
 then , with a wince , csorba finally pressed it . 
 `` i ... i warned you . '' 
 `` i did n't hear any explosion , '' tucker said . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 csorba pressed it several more times . 
 tucker closed the distance , plucked the useless detonator out of his grip , turned it off , and pocketed it . 
 he waved his pistol toward the steps . 
 `` i do n't understand ... '' the professor mumbled as he obeyed . 
 tucker did n't bother to explain . 
 once he got hold of the pistol from kane , he could have shot domonkos and his two cronies up top , but he feared that if csorba heard gunfire he might panic and do what he just did-press the transmitter . 
 so tucker had to come down here to be certain . 
 a quarter of the way along the steps , he had lost his wireless connection to kane . 
 that panting in his ear had died away again . 
 so he was confident csorba 's transmitter , buried four times deeper , would be equally useless-only after knowing that for sure by coming down here did he feel it safe enough to act . 
 they finally reached the top of the crypt . 
 csorba tried to bolt for the forest . 
 `` kane , stop him . '' 
 folding out of the woods , a shadow blocked the professor 's path , growling , eyes shining in the dark . 
 others materialized , closing in from all sides , filling the night with a low rumble , like thunder beyond the horizon . 
 csorba backpedaled in fright , tripped over a stone , and fell headlong into one of the open graves . 
 a loud thud followed , accompanied by a worrisome snap . 
 tucker hurried forward and stared into the hole . 
 the professor lay six feet down , his neck twisted askew , unmoving . 
 tucker shook his head . 
 it seemed the ghosts of this place were n't going to let this man escape so easily . 
 around him , the dark shadows faded back into the forest , vanishing upon some unspoken signal , until only the whisper of leaves in the wind remained . 
 kane came slinking up , fearful he had done wrong . 
 tucker knelt and brought his friend 's face close to his . 
 `` who 's a good boy ? '' 
 kane reached and touched a cold nose against his . 
 `` that 's right . 
 you are . '' 
 half an hour later , tucker sat in the sedan with the broken headlamp , the engine idling . 
 he had freed aliza and her father and told them all that had happened . 
 he was going to leave it to them to explain as best they could to the authorities , leaving his name out . 
 aliza leaned her face through the open window . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she kissed him lightly on the cheek . 
 `` are you sure you do n't want to stay ? 
 if only for another night . '' 
 he heard the offer behind her words , but he knew how complicated things would become if he did stay . 
 he had two hundred million reasons why it was time for him to go . 
 `` what about a reward ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he pictured csorba falling into his own grave , snapping his neck . 
 `` there 's too much blood on that gold , '' he said . 
 `` but if there 's any spare change , i know of some hungry dogs that share this forest . 
 they could use food , a warm place to lay their head at night , a family to love them . '' 
 `` i 'll make it happen , '' she promised . 
 `` but are n't those things what we all want ? '' 
 tucker looked at the stretch of open road beyond the brick archway . 
 maybe some day , but not today . 
 `` good-bye , aliza . '' 
 he revved the engine . 
 kane 's tail thumped heavily on the seat next to him , his head stuck full out the window . 
 as tucker gunned the engine , a howl burst from his partner , an earsplitting call , singing to his own blood . 
 the sedan shot forward and barreled out the archway . 
 behind them , the forest erupted with a chorus of yowls and wails , echoing up into the night and chasing them out into the world . 
 as they raced away , the wind blew brochures around the car 's interior . 
 it seemed the prior owner had been dreaming of faraway trips , too , ways to spend that gold . 
 one landed against the windshield and became plastered there crookedly . 
 the photo depicted palm trees and sandy white beaches . 
 its exotic name conjured up another time , a land of mystery and mythology . 
 zanzibar . 
 tucker grinned , and kane wagged his tail . 
 yeah , that 'll do . 
 so ends this adventure with tucker and kane-but a larger one looms ahead for the pair as they reach zanzibar in a novel titled bloodline . 
 a fateful crossing with commander pierce of sigma force will cast them into an adventure spanning the globe , one that will reveal a frightening scientific truth about the nature of mankind : that immortals are walking among us today . 
 continue reading for a sneak peek at bloodline on sale june 26 , 2012 horn of africa map notes from the historical record throughout history , conspiracy theories abound . 
 it is only human nature . 
 we are forever looking for patterns amid chaos , for signs of the invisible puppeteer manipulating the grand scheme of lives , governments , and the path of mankind . 
 some of these shadowy plotters are cast as villains ; others as great benefactors . 
 some of these secret cabals are based on historical facts ; others are mere fanciful fictions ; and yet even more are a gordian knot of the two , woven so inexplicably together that the line between fact and fiction becomes a tangled tapestry of false history . 
 and for no other organization in history has this stood truer than the infamous knights templar . 
 in the early twelfth century , the order began as a group of nine knights , who swore to protect pilgrims on their way to and from the holy lands . 
 from those humble beginnings , a great order would eventually grow in both wealth and power and spread across europe until even popes and kings feared them . 
 then , on october 13 , 1307 , the king of france and the current pope conspired to arrest and disband the order , claiming great atrocities had been committed by the knights , including heresy . 
 in the aftermath of that purge , legends and myths blurred the true fate of the order : stories of lost treasures abounded ; tales spread of knights escaping persecution to arrive on the shores of the new world ; and some reports even claim that the order still exists today , in secret and under guard , protecting a power that could reshape the world . 
 but let 's set aside such speculations and mythologies and go back to those original nine knights . 
 what many do not know is that those nine founding members were all related by blood or marriage , arising from a single family . 
 eight of them are recorded by name in historical documents . 
 the ninth remains a mystery and a source of much speculation today by historians . 
 who was this mysterious founding member of an order that would grow in such prominence in history and legend ? 
 why was this last knight never named as plainly as the others ? 
 the answer to that mystery is the beginning of a great adventure . 
 notes from the scientific record on february 21 , 2011 , the cover of time magazine declared : 2045 , the year man becomes immortal . 
 at face value , that might seem a wild claim , but other scientists have made similar statements . 
 dr. ronald klatz , in his book advances in anti-age medicine , wrote : within the next fifty years or so , assuming an individual can avoid becoming the victim of major trauma or homicide , it is entirely possible that he or she will be able to live virtually forever . 
 we are living in an exciting time when advances in medicine , genetics , technology , and a myriad of other disciplines are opening the newest frontier for mankind : eternity . 
 how will that manifest , what form will it take ? 
 within these pages , you 'll discover that answer . 
 the concepts raised in this novel are based on facts , on exhaustive research , going back to studies done by soviet scientists during the cold war . 
 but before you turn to that first page , i must make one correction concerning the startling statements made above . 
 they are , in fact , far too conservative in their estimates . 
 for not only is immortality within our reach-it is already here . 
 summer 1134 summer 1134 holy lands they once called her a witch and a whore . 
 but no longer . 
 she sat astride a gray destrier as the black-armored warhorse stepped gingerly through the carnage of battle . 
 bodies littered the fields ahead , muslim and christian alike . 
 her passage stirred the feasting crows and ravens , chasing them up into great black clouds in her wake . 
 other scavengers-those on two legs-picked through the dead , pulling off boots , yanking out arrows for their points and feathers . 
 a few faces lifted to stare , then quickly turned away again . 
 she knew what they saw , another knight among the many who fought here . 
 her br ** sts were hidden under a padded habergeon and a hauberk of mail . 
 her dark hair , cropped to her shoulders , shorter than most men 's , lay under a conical helmet ; her fine features further obscured by a nasal bar . 
 strapped to the side of her saddle , a double-edged broadsword bumped against her left knee , ringing off the mail chausses that protected her long legs . 
 only a few knew she was not a man-and none knew she held secrets far darker than her hidden gender . 
 her squire waited for her at the edge of a rutted road . 
 the path wound steeply up to an isolated stone keep . 
 the hulking structure , hidden deep within the naphtali mountains of galilee , had no name and looked as if it had been carved out of the hill itself . 
 beyond its battlements , the red sun sat low on the horizon , obscured by the smoke from campfires and torched fields . 
 the young squire dropped to a knee as she drew her horse to a halt beside him . 
 `` is he still there ? '' 
 she asked . 
 a nod . 
 frightened . 
 `` lord godefroy awaits you ahead . '' 
 her squire refused to look in the direction of the stone-crowned keep . 
 she had no such reluctance . 
 she tilted her helmet up to get a better view . 
 at long last ... she had spent sixteen years-going back to when her uncle founded the order of the poor knights of the temple of jerusalem-searching for the impossible . 
 even her uncle did not understand her request to join the templars , but her side of the family would not be refused . 
 so she had been given the white mantle of the order and folded in among the original nine , hidden away , as faceless as the helmet she wore , while the order grew around her both in number and prominence . 
 others of her family , of her bloodline , continued to manipulate the knightly order from within and without : gathering wealth and knowledge , searching for powerful relics from lost crypts and ancient creches across egypt and the holy lands . 
 despite their best planning , they 'd certainly had their failures . 
 just a year ago , they 'd missed acquiring the bones of the magi-the relics of the three biblical kings , said to hold the secrets to lost alchemies . 
 she would not let today mark another failure . 
 with a snap of the reins , she urged her horse up the rocky path . 
 with each passing step , the number of dead grew as the guardians of the keep put up a final and futile struggle to withstand the assault . 
 reaching the summit of the hill , she found the gates to the keep broken and splintered , battered apart by a massive steel-shod ram . 
 a pair of knights guarded the way forward . 
 both nodded to her . 
 the younger of the two , fresh to the order , had sewn a crimson cross over his heart . 
 other templars had begun to take up the same habit , a symbol to mark their willingness to shed their own blood for the cause . 
 the grizzled and pocked older warrior simply wore the traditional white surcoat over his armor , like herself . 
 the only decoration upon their mantles was the crimson blood of the slain . 
 `` godefroy awaits you in the crypt , '' the older knight said and pointed beyond the gates to the inner citadel . 
 she led her destrier through the ruins of the gate and quickly dismounted with a flourish of her mantle . 
 she left her broadsword with her mount , knowing she had no fear of being ambushed by some lone surviving protector of the keep . 
 lord godefroy , for all his troubles , was thorough . 
 as testament to his diligence , all across the open courtyard , wooden pikes bore the heads of the last defenders . 
 their decapitated remains piled like so much firewood along a back wall . 
 the battle was over . 
 only the spoils remained . 
 she reached a door that opened to shadows . 
 a narrow stair , rough-hewn and cut from the stone of the mountain , led down beneath the keep . 
 the distant orange-red flicker of a torch marked the end of the steps far below . 
 she descended , her footfalls hurrying only at the last . 
 could it be true ? 
 after so many years ... she burst into a long chamber , lined to either side by stone sarcophagi , well over a score of them . 
 sweeping through , she barely noted the egyptian writing , lines of symbols hinting at dark mysteries going back before christ . 
 ahead , two figures stood bathed in torchlight at the rear of the chamber : one standing , the other on his knees , leaning on a staff to hold himself upright . 
 she crossed toward them , noting that the last sarcophagus had been pried open , its stone lid cracked on the floor beside it . 
 it seemed somebody had already begun looking for the treasure hidden here . 
 but the violated crypt held nothing but ash and what appeared to be bits of dried leaf and stem . 
 the disappointment showed on lord godefroy 's face as she approached the pair . 
 `` so you come at last , '' he said with false cheer . 
 she ignored the knight . 
 he stood a head taller than she did , though he shared the same black hair and aquiline nose , marking their common ancestry out of southern france , their families distantly related . 
 she dropped to her knees and stared into the face of the prisoner . 
 his features were tanned to a burnished shade , his skin smooth as supple leather . 
 from under a fall of dark hair , black eyes stared back at her , reflecting the torchlight . 
 though on his knees , he showed no fear , only a deep welling of sadness that made her want to slap him . 
 godefroy drew down beside her , intending to interfere , to try to ingratiate himself into what he must have sensed was of great importance . 
 and though he was one of the few who knew her true identity , he knew nothing of her deeper secrets . 
 `` my lady ... '' he started . 
 the eyes of the prisoner narrowed at the revelation , fixing her with a harder stare . 
 all trace of sadness drained away , leaving behind a flicker of fear-but it quickly vanished . 
 curious ... does he know of our bloodline , our secrets ? 
 godefroy interrupted her reverie and continued , `` upon your instructions , we 've spent many lives and spilled much blood to find this place hidden by rumor and guarded as much by curses as by infidels-all to find this man and the treasure he guards . 
 who is he ? 
 i have earned such knowledge upon the point of my sword . '' 
 she did not waste words on fools . 
 she spoke instead to the prisoner , using an ancient dialect of arabic . 
 `` when were you born ? '' 
 those eyes bore into her , even pushing her back by the sheer force of his will , a buffeting wind of inner strength . 
 he seemed to be judging whether to offer her a lie , but from whatever he found in her face , he recognized the futility of it . 
 when he spoke , his words were soft but came from a place of great weight . 
 `` i was born in muharram in the hijri year five-and-ninety . '' 
 godefroy understood enough arabic to scoff . 
 `` the year ninety-five ? 
 that would make him over a thousand years old . '' 
 `` no , '' she said , more to herself than him , calculating in her head . 
 `` his people use a different accounting of years than we do , starting when their prophet muhammad arrived in mecca . '' 
 `` so the man here is not a thousand years old ? '' 
 `` not at all , '' she said , finishing the conversion in her head . 
 `` he 's only lived five hundred and twenty years . '' 
 from the corner of her eye , she noted godefroy turn toward her , aghast . 
 `` impossible , '' he said with a tremulous quaver that betrayed the shallow depth of his disbelief . 
 she never broke from the prisoner 's gaze . 
 within those eyes , she sensed an unfathomable , frightening knowledge . 
 she tried to picture all he had witnessed over the centuries : mighty empires rising and falling , cities thrusting out of the sands only to be worn back down by the ages . 
 how much could he reveal of ancient mysteries and lost histories ? 
 but she was not here to press questions upon him . 
 and she doubted he would answer them anyway . 
 not this man-if he could still be called a man . 
 when next he spoke , it came with a warning , his fingers tightening on his staff . 
 `` the world is not ready for what you seek . 
 it is forbidden . '' 
 she refused to back down . 
 `` that is not for you to decide . 
 if a man is fierce enough to grasp it , then it is his right to claim and possess it . '' 
 he stared back at her , his gaze drifting to her chest , to what was hidden beneath hard armor . 
 `` so eve herself believed in the garden of eden when she listened to the snake and stole from the tree of knowledge . '' 
 `` ah , '' she sighed , leaning closer . 
 `` you mistake me . 
 i am not eve . 
 and it is not the tree of knowledge i seek-but the tree of life . '' 
 slipping a dagger from her belt , she quickly stood and drove the blade to its hilt under the prisoner 's jaw , lifting him off his knees with her strength of will . 
 in that single thrust , the endless march of centuries came to a bloody halt-along with the danger he posed . 
 godefroy gasped , stepping back . 
 `` but is this not the man you came so far to find ? '' 
 she yanked free the dagger , spraying blood , and kicked the body away . 
 she caught the staff before it fell free from the prisoner 's slack fingers . 
 `` it was not the man i sought , '' she said , `` but what he carried . '' 
 godefroy stared at the length of olive wood in her hand . 
 fresh blood flowed in rivulets down its surface , revealing a faint carving along its length : an intricate weave of serpents and vines , curling around and around the shaft . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 the knight asked , his eyes wide . 
 she faced him fully for the first time-and drove her blade into his left eye . 
 he had seen too much to live . 
 as he fell to his knees , his body wracking itself to death in ghastly heaves upon her dagger 's point , she answered his last question , her fingers firm on the ancient wooden rod . 
 `` behold the bachal isu , '' she whispered to the centuries to come . 
 `` wielded by moses , carried by david , and borne by the king of kings , here is the staff of jesus christ . '' 
 fourth of july fourth of july : five days from now the assassin stared through the rifle 's scope and lowered the crosshairs to the profile of president james t. gant . 
 he double-checked his range-seven hundred yards-and fixed the main targeting chevron of the usmc m40a3 sniper rifle upon the occipital bone behind the man 's left ear , knowing a shot there would do the most damage . 
 festive music and bright laughter from the holiday picnic filtered through his earpiece . 
 he let it all fade into the background as he concentrated on his target , on his mission . 
 in u.s. history , three presidents had died on the exact same day , on july 4 , on the birthday of this country . 
 it seemed beyond mere chance . 
 thomas jefferson , john adams , and james monroe . 
 today would mark the fourth . 
 steadying his breath , commander gray pierce pulled the trigger . 
 first present day 1 june 30 , 11:44 a.m. est takoma park , maryland gray pierce pulled into the driveway with a coughing growl of the 1960 thunderbird 's v-8 engine . 
 he felt like growling himself . 
 `` i thought the plan was to sell this place ? '' 
 kenny asked . 
 gray 's younger brother sat in the passenger seat , his head half out the window , staring up at the craftsman bungalow with the wraparound wooden porch and overhanging gable . 
 it was their family home . 
 `` not any longer , '' gray answered . 
 `` and do n't mention any of that to dad . 
 his dementia makes him paranoid enough . '' 
 `` how is that different from any other day ... ? '' 
 kenny mumbled sourly under his breath . 
 gray glowered at his brother . 
 he 'd picked kenny up at dulles after a cross-country flight from northern california . 
 his brother 's eyes were red-rimmed from jet lag-or maybe from too many small bottles of gin in first class . 
 at this moment , kenny reminded gray of their father , especially with the pall of alcohol on his breath . 
 he caught his own reflection in the rearview mirror as he pulled the vintage thunderbird into the family garage . 
 while the two brothers both shared the same ruddy welsh complexion and dark hair as their father , gray kept his hair cropped short ; kenny had his tied in a short ponytail that looked too young even for someone still in his late twenties . 
 to make matters worse , he also wore cargo shorts and a loose t-shirt with the logo of a surfing company . 
 kenny was a software engineer for a company in palo alto , and apparently this was his version of business attire . 
 gray climbed out of the car , trying his best to push back his irritation with his brother . 
 on the ride here , kenny had spent the entire time on his cell phone , dealing with business on the other coast . 
 he 'd barely shared a word , relegating gray to the role of chauffeur . 
 it 's not like i do n't have my own business to attend , too . 
 for the past month , gray had put his life on hold , dealing with the aftermath of the death of their mother and the continuing mental decline of their father . 
 kenny had come out for the funeral , promising to spend a week helping to get their affairs in order , but after two days , a business emergency drew him back across the country , and everything got dumped back on gray 's shoulders . 
 in some ways , it would have been easier if kenny had not bothered coming out at all . 
 in his wake , he 'd left a disheveled mess of insurance forms and probate paperwork for gray to clean up . 
 that changed today . 
 after a long , heated call , kenny had agreed to come out at this critical juncture . 
 with their father suffering from advancing alzheimer 's , the sudden death of his wife sent him into a downward spiral . 
 he 'd spent the past three weeks in a memory-care unit , but he 'd come home last night . 
 and during this transition , gray needed an extra pair of hands . 
 kenny had accumulated enough vacation time to be able to come out for a full two weeks . 
 gray intended to hold him to it this time . 
 gray had taken a month off from work himself and was due back at sigma headquarters in a week . 
 before that , he needed a few days of downtime to get his own house in order . 
 that 's where kenny came in . 
 his brother hauled his luggage out of the convertible 's trunk , slammed the lid , but kept his palm on the chrome bumper . 
 `` and what about dad 's car ? 
 we might as well sell it . 
 it 's not like he can drive it . '' 
 gray pocketed the keys . 
 the classic thunderbird-raven black with a red leather interior-was his father 's pride and joy . 
 the man had gone to painstaking ends to restore it : tricking it out with a new holly carburetor , a flame-thrower coil , and an electric choke . 
 `` it stays , '' he said . 
 `` according to dad 's neurologist , it 's important to keep his environment as stable and consistent as possible , to maintain a familiar routine . 
 besides , even if he ca n't drive it , it 'll give him something to tinker with . '' 
 before kenny could figure out what else to sell of his father 's belongings , gray headed toward the door . 
 he did n't bother to offer to carry his brother 's luggage . 
 he 'd had enough baggage to deal with lately . 
 but kenny was n't done . 
 `` if we 're supposed to keep everything the same-to pretend nothing 's changed-then what am i doing here ? '' 
 gray swung toward him , balling a fist and tempted to use it . 
 `` because you 're still his son-and it 's high time you acted like it . '' 
 kenny stared him down . 
 anger burned in his brother 's eyes , further reminding gray of their father . 
 he 'd seen that fury all too often in his dad , especially of late , a belligerence born of dementia and fear . 
 not that such anger was new . 
 his father had always been a hard man , a former oil worker out of texas until an industrial accident took most of his left leg and all of his pride , turning an oilman into a housewife . 
 raising two boys while his spouse went to work had been hard on him . 
 to compensate , he had run the household like a boot camp . 
 and gray , as stubborn as his father , had always pushed the envelope , a born rebel . 
 until at last , at eighteen years of age , he had simply packed his bags and joined the army . 
 it was his mother who finally drew them all back together , the proverbial glue of the family . 
 and now she was gone . 
 what were they to do without her ? 
 kenny finally hauled up his bag , shouldered past gray , and mumbled words he knew would cut like rusted barbed wire : `` at least i did n't get mom killed . '' 
 a month ago , that gut-punch would have dropped gray to his knees . 
 but after mandatory psychiatric sessions-not that he had n't missed a few-his brother 's accusation only left him iron-hard , momentarily rooted in place . 
 a booby trap meant for gray had taken out his mother . 
 collateral damage was the phrase the psychiatrist had used , seeking to blunt the guilt . 
 but the funeral had been a closed casket . 
 even now , he could not face that pain head-on . 
 the only thing that kept him putting one foot in front of the other was the determination to expose and destroy the shadowy organization behind that cold-blooded murder . 
 and that 's what he did : he turned and took one step , then another . 
 it was all he could do for now . 
 10:58 p.m. sct off the seychelles archipelago something woke her in the night aboard the anchored yacht . 
 instinctively , amanda slid a hand over her swollen belly , taking immediate personal inventory . 
 had it been a cramp ? 
 in her third trimester , that was always her first worry , a maternal reflex to protect her unborn child . 
 but she felt nothing painful in her abdomen , just the usual pressure on her bladder . 
 still , after two miscarriages , the panicky flutter in her heart refused to calm . 
 she tried to reassure herself that the other two babies-a boy and a girl-had been lost during her first trimester . 
 i 'm crossing my thirty-sixth week . 
 everything is fine . 
 she lifted up an elbow . 
 her husband snored softly beside her on the queen-size bed in the yacht 's main stateroom , his dark skin so stark against the white satin pillow . 
 she took comfort in mack 's muscular presence , in the masculine bruise of black stubble across his cheek and chin . 
 he was her michelangelo david chiseled out of black granite . 
 yet , she could not escape the twinge of unease as her finger hovered over his bare shoulder , hesitant to wake him but wanting those strong arms around her . 
 her parents-whose aristocratic family went back generations in the old south-had only approved the marriage with the strained graciousness of modern sensibilities . 
 but in the end , the union served the family . 
 she was blond and blue-eyed , raised in the world of cotillions and privilege ; he was black-haired and dark of skin and eye , hardened by a rough childhood on the streets of atlanta . 
 the unlikely couple became a poster child for familial tolerance , trotted out when needed . 
 but that poster of a happy family was missing one key element : a child . 
 after a year of failing to conceive-due to an issue with her husband 's fertility-they 'd resorted to in vitro fertilization with donor sperm . 
 on the third try , after two miscarriages , they 'd finally had success . 
 her palm found her belly again , protective . 
 a boy . 
 and that 's when the trouble had begun . 
 a week ago , she had received a cryptic note , warning her to flee , not to tell anyone in her family . 
 the letter hinted at why , but offered only a few details , yet it was enough to convince her to run . 
 a loud thump echoed down from the deck overhead . 
 she sat upright , ears straining . 
 her husband rolled onto his back , rubbing an eye blearily . 
 `` what is it , babe ? '' 
 she shook her head and held up a palm to quiet him . 
 they 'd taken such precautions , covering every step . 
 they 'd chartered a series of private aircraft under a chain of falsified papers and itineraries , landing a week ago on the other side of the world , at an airstrip on the tiny island of assumption , part of the archipelago of the seychelles . 
 hours after landing , they 'd immediately set out in a private yacht , sailing amid the chain of islands that spread out in an emerald arc across the azure seas . 
 she had wanted to be isolated , far from prying eyes-yet close enough to the seychelles ' capital city of victoria in case there was any trouble with the pregnancy . 
 since arriving , only the captain and his two crew-members had ever seen their faces , and none of them knew their true names . 
 it seemed the perfect plan . 
 muffled voices reached her . 
 she could not make out any words , but heard the harsh threat-then a gunshot , as bright and loud as the strike of a cymbal . 
 it set her heart to pounding . 
 not now . 
 not when we 're this close . 
 mack burst out of the sheets , wearing only his boxers . 
 `` amanda , stay here ! '' 
 he pulled open the top drawer of the bedside table and hauled out a large black automatic pistol , his service weapon from his years as a charleston police officer . 
 he pointed to the rear of the stateroom . 
 `` hide in the bathroom . '' 
 amanda gained her feet , bloodless and weak with terror , wobbling under the weight of her gravid belly . 
 mack dashed to the door , checked the peephole . 
 satisfied , he opened the door enough to slip out and closed it silently behind him-but not before giving one last command . 
 `` lock it . '' 
 amanda obeyed , then searched the room for any weapon at all . 
 she settled for a small knife used to carve the fresh fruit placed in their cabin each morning . 
 the handle was still sticky from papaya juice . 
 with blade in hand , she retreated to the bathroom but stopped at the threshold . 
 she could not go inside . 
 she refused to be trapped inside such a tight space . 
 the tiny stateroom 's head could not contain the enormity of her fear . 
 more gun blasts rang out-amid shouts and curses . 
 she sank to her knees , clutching the knife with one hand , supporting her belly with the other . 
 her anxiety reached the child inside . 
 she felt a small kick . 
 `` i wo n't let them hurt you , '' she whispered to her boy . 
 overhead , footsteps pounded back and forth . 
 she stared upward , trying to pierce through the floors to the starlit deck . 
 what was happening ? 
 how many were up there ? 
 then a furtive scrabbling sounded at her door-followed by a faint knock . 
 she hurried forward and placed an eye to the peephole . 
 mack nodded back at her , then glanced quickly back up the passageway . 
 had he found a way off the yacht-or out of desperation simply come back to defend her ? 
 with numb fingers , she fumbled the lock open and began to pull the door , only to have it kicked wide . 
 she stumbled back in shock . 
 a tall , bare-chested black man stalked into the room-but it was n't mack . 
 he held mack 's head in his right hand , gripping it by the throat . 
 shiny blood poured down his forearm from the severed neck . 
 in his other hand , he clutched an equally bloody machete . 
 he smiled widely , showing white teeth like a shark , plainly amused by his joke . 
 she retreated in horror , forgetting her tiny blade . 
 another figure stepped around the monster . 
 a pale man in a perfectly tailored white suit . 
 the only color to him was his black hair and a thin mustache above even thinner lips . 
 he was tall enough that he had to bow himself into the room . 
 he also smiled , but apologetically , as if embarrassed by the exuberance of his companion . 
 he spoke a few sharp words in some african dialect , clearly chastising his companion . 
 with a shrug , the other tossed her husband 's head upon the bed . 
 `` it 's time to go , '' the suited man ordered her in a genteel british accent , as if inviting her to a party . 
 she refused to move-couldn ' t move . 
 the brit sighed and motioned to his companion . 
 he came forward , roughly grabbed her elbow , and dragged her out the door . 
 the brit followed them across the short passageway and up the ladder to the stern deck . 
 there , she found only more horror and chaos . 
 the captain and his two crewmates , along with a pair of the assailants , lay sprawled in pools of blood . 
 the attackers had been shot ; the yacht 's crew hacked , dismembered by the sheer force of the brutality . 
 the surviving assailants gathered atop the deck or off in a scarred boat tied to the starboard rail . 
 a handful scoured the yacht , hauling out cases of wine , bagfuls of supplies , stripping anything of value . 
 they were all black-skinned , some bearing tribal scarring , many no older than boys . 
 weapons bristled among them : rusty machetes , antique-looking automatic rifles , and countless pistols . 
 pirates . 
 under the moonlight , freshened by the evening 's southeasterly trade winds , her mind cleared enough to allow despair and bitter guilt to creep in . 
 out here in the seychelles , she had thought they were far enough away from the horn of africa to be safe from the modern-day pirates who hunted those waters . 
 a dreadful mistake . 
 she was shoved toward the moored boat , accompanied by the brit . 
 she had read somewhere in her father 's briefings about how a few european expatriates had taken to aiding and financing the profitable new industry of piracy . 
 she stared at the british man , wondering how he had managed to avoid getting a single drop of blood on his pristine suit amid all this carnage . 
 he must have noted her attention and turned to her as they reached the starboard rail . 
 `` what do you want with me ? '' 
 she asked , fixing him with a hard stare , suddenly glad that all the papers aboard hid her true identity . 
 `` i 'm nobody . '' 
 the brit 's gaze lowered from her steely resolve-but not out of shame or remorse . 
 `` it is not you we want . '' 
 he stared at her belly . 
 `` it 's your baby . '' 
 7:00 p.m. est takoma park , maryland balancing a bag of groceries on his hip , gray pulled open the screened back door to his family 's home . 
 the smell of a baking pie , rich in cinnamon , struck him first . 
 on his way back from the gym , he got a text from kenny to fetch some french vanilla ice cream and a few other odds and ends needed for tonight 's dinner-the first family dinner since the tragic loss of their mother . 
 a glance at the stove revealed a large pot of bubbling bolognese sauce ; by the sink , a drying bowl of spaghetti in a strainer . 
 a hissing pop drew his gaze back to the pot . 
 only now did he note the vigorous boil to the sauce . 
 unattended and forgotten , red sauce roiled over the lip , dribbled down the sides , and sizzled into the gas burner . 
 something was wrong . 
 that was confirmed when a loud bellow erupted from the next room : `` where 's my keys ! '' 
 gray dropped the groceries on the counter , turned off the stovetop , and headed to the living room . 
 `` someone 's stealing my car ! '' 
 passing through the dining room , gray joined the fracas in the living room . 
 overstuffed furniture was positioned around a central stone hearth , cold and dark at the moment . 
 his father looked skeletal in the recliner by the picture window . 
 he 'd once filled that same seat , commanding the room . 
 now he was a frail shadow of his former self . 
 still , he remained strong . 
 he attempted to push out of the chair , but kenny held down his shoulders . 
 he was assisted by a petite woman with a brownish-gray bob , dressed in blue scrubs . 
 down on one knee , she held his father 's hand and urged him to be calm . 
 mary benning was an r.n. at the hospital 's memory-care unit . 
 during his stay there , his father had taken a shine to her . 
 gray was able to hire her away , to serve as a night nurse here at the house , to be on hand when his father had the most trouble . 
 the plan had been for kenny to keep an eye on dad during the day , until gray and mary could interview and hire a day nurse to cover a full twenty-four-hour shift . 
 it would be expensive , but director crowe had arranged adequate compensation , a death benefit , to help cover the costs and keep gray 's father in his own house . 
 `` harriet ! 
 let me go ! '' 
 his father yanked his hand free of mary 's , coming close to elbowing kenny in the nose . 
 the nurse kept a hand on his knee and gave it a squeeze of reassurance . 
 `` jack , it 's me . 
 mary . '' 
 his eyes found hers , a confused look passed over his face , then he sagged as memory washed back over him . 
 mary glanced at gray . 
 `` your father caught you pulling up with the groceries . 
 saw the thunderbird . 
 just got a little panicked and confused . 
 he 'll be fine . '' 
 kenny straightened , a stricken look on his face . 
 he 'd not really seen dad get like this before . 
 shook up , he stumbled away . 
 the motion drew his father 's attention . 
 his eyes got huge . 
 `` kenny , what 're you doing here ? '' 
 kenny did n't know what to say , still stunned by the swiss cheese that was his father 's memory . 
 mary covered for him , not hiding the truth , only patting his knee . 
 `` jack , he 's been here all day . '' 
 his father searched their faces , then leaned back in his chair . 
 `` oh , yeah , that 's right ... i remember ... '' but did he ? 
 or was he only acquiescing in an attempt to feign normalcy ? 
 kenny shared a glance with gray , glassy with shock . 
 welcome to my world . 
 `` i 'd better get back to finishing your dinner , '' mary said , standing and dusting off her knee . 
 `` and i 'd better finish unpacking , '' kenny said , seeking a hasty retreat . 
 `` good idea and wash up , '' his father ordered with an echo of his former bluster . 
 `` your room 's up - '' `` i have n't forgotten where it is , '' kenny cut him off , blind to the callousness of such a remark to someone suffering from alzheimer 's . 
 but his dad merely nodded , satisfied . 
 as kenny stepped away , his father finally seemed to notice gray standing there . 
 the confusion on his face faded , but a stab of old anger took its place . 
 it had taken his father almost two weeks to finally acknowledge and ultimately remember the death of his wife , so , to his mind , the wound was still raw . 
 he also knew the source of that loss . 
 that he always remembered . 
 there had been many bad days in the intervening weeks , but what could either of them do ? 
 no words could bring her back . 
 a knock at the door startled them all . 
 gray tensed , expecting the worst . 
 kenny , already headed to the front stairs , opened the door . 
 a lithe figure stood out on the porch , dressed in black leather and a loose motorcycle jacket over a maroon blouse . 
 she carried a helmet under one arm . 
 the gloominess of the day lifted at the sight of her as gray headed to the door . 
 `` seichan , what are you doing here ? '' 
 his father interrupted . 
 `` do n't leave the lady standing on the stoop , kenny ! '' 
 he waved the visitor inside . 
 he might be losing his memory , but he knew a handsome woman when one landed on his doorstep . 
 `` thank you , mr. pierce . '' 
 seichan entered , slipping inside , moving with the leonine grace of a jungle cat , all sinew , muscles , and long curves . 
 she cast an appraising glance toward kenny as she stepped past him-whatever she saw there , she found lacking . 
 her eyes found gray 's face next and visibly hardened-not in anger , more like protection . 
 they 'd barely spoken since they 'd shared a kiss and a promise three weeks ago . 
 the pledge was not a romantic one , only the assurance that she 'd work alongside him to expose those who had a hand in his mother 's murder . 
 still , gray remembered the softening of those lips . 
 was there more to that promise , something yet unspoken ? 
 before he could dwell on it further , his father pointed to the table . 
 `` we 're just about to sit down to dinner . 
 why do n't you join us ? '' 
 `` that 's very kind , '' seichan said stiffly , `` but i wo n't be staying long . 
 i just need a word with your son . '' 
 those almond-shaped eyes-marking her eurasian heritage-fixed on gray with plain intent . 
 something was up . 
 seichan was a former assassin for the same shadowy group responsible for his mother 's death , an international criminal organization called the guild . 
 its real identity and purpose remained unknown , even to its own agents . 
 the organization operated through individual cells around the world , each running independently , none having the complete picture . 
 seichan had eventually turned against it , recruited by director crowe to serve as a double agent until her subterfuge was exposed . 
 now-hunted both by her former employers and by foreign intelligence agencies for her past crimes-she was gray 's partner and his responsibility . 
 and maybe something more . 
 gray stepped close to her . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 she kept her voice low . 
 `` i got a call from director crowe . 
 came straight here . 
 there 's been a kidnapping off the seychelles by somali pirates . 
 a high-value american target . 
 painter wanted to know if you were up for a mission . '' 
 gray frowned . 
 why was sigma involved with a simple kidnapping ? 
 there were plenty of policing and maritime agencies that could attend to such a crime . 
 sigma force-made up of special forces soldiers who had been retrained in various scientific disciplines-was a covert wing for darpa , the defense advanced research projects agency . 
 sigma teams were sent out into the world to protect against global threats , not to address the kidnapping of a single american . 
 seichan must have read the suspicion in his face . 
 her eyes bore into his . 
 she plainly knew more but was unable to speak freely in front of the others . 
 something big was happening . 
 the realization set his heart to beating harder . 
 `` the matter is time sensitive , '' she added . 
 `` if you 're coming , there 's a jet already fueling , and kowalski is on his way to pick us up . 
 we can swing by your apartment on the way out . 
 otherwise , we 'll be briefed en route . '' 
 gray glanced at the chair by the cold hearth . 
 his father overheard their talk , his gaze fixed to his son 's face . 
 `` go , '' his father said . 
 `` do your job . 
 i 've got enough help here . '' 
 gray took comfort in that gruff permission , praying it represented some small measure of forgiveness by his father . 
 but his next words , spoken with a harsh bitterness , dashed such hope . 
 `` besides , the less i see of your face right now ... the better . '' 
 gray backed a step . 
 seichan took his elbow , as if ready to catch him . 
 but it was the heat of her palm , more than anything , that steadied him , the reassurance of human contact-like that kiss weeks ago . 
 mary had stepped into the room , drying her hands on a towel . 
 she 'd also heard those harsh words and gave gray a sympathetic look . 
 `` i 've got things covered here . 
 you take some time for yourself . '' 
 he silently thanked her and allowed seichan to guide him toward the door . 
 gray felt the need to share some parting farewell with his father . 
 the desire burned painfully in his chest , but he had no words to voice it . 
 before he knew it , he found himself out on the front porch . 
 he halted at the top step and took in a deep , shuddering breath . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 seichan asked . 
 he ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` i 'll have to be . '' 
 still , she continued to search his face , as if seeking a truer answer . 
 before she could find it , the squeal of rubber on the pavement announced the arrival of his transportation . 
 they both turned as a black suv came to a hard stop . 
 the window rolled down , allowing a pall of cigar smoke to waft out . 
 the shaved head of a gorilla followed , chewing on a stump of a stogie . 
 `` you coming or what ? '' 
 kowalski called hoarsely . 
 as much as the man aggravated him , gray had never been happier to see his brutish teammate . 
 he headed down the steps , only to have kenny come rushing out after him , blocking his way . 
 `` you ca n't leave now . 
 what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 gray pointed back at the house . 
 `` it 's your turn . 
 what do you think i 've been doing all this time ? '' 
 he shoved past his sputtering brother and crossed toward the waiting suv and seichan 's parked motorcycle . 
 she kept beside him , slipping on her helmet . 
 `` who else has been assigned to us ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we 've been ordered to pick up another two teammates , local assets already in the region , with unique skills to help us on this mission . '' 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 she offered a ghost of a smile as she snapped down her helmet 's visor . 
 her words echoed out from inside , darkly amused . 
 `` i hope you 've had your rabies shots . '' 
 2 july 1 , 6:32 p.m. east africa time republic of tanzania the low growl warned him . 
 already on edge , tucker wayne flattened against the brick wall of the narrow street and slid into the deeper shadows of a doorway . 
 an hour ago , he noticed someone following him , watching from afar . 
 he had managed to lose the tail quickly in the labyrinth of alleyways and crooked streets that made up this crumbling section of zanzibar . 
 who had found him ? 
 he pressed his back against a carved wooden door . 
 he intended to stay lost , undiscoverable . 
 he had been adrift in the world for the past three years , now one year shy of his thirtieth birthday . 
 two weeks ago , he had reached the archipelago of zanzibar , a string of sun-baked islands off the eastern coast of africa . 
 the name alone-zanzibar-conjured up another time , a land of mystery and mythology . 
 it was a place to disappear , to live unseen , and where few questions were asked . 
 people knew better than to be curious . 
 still , he often drew second glances here , not because he was white . 
 the ancient port of zanzibar remained the crossroads for people of every race and color . 
 and after a full year traveling through africa , his skin was burned as dark as that of any of the local merchants hawking wares in the spice markets of old stone town . 
 and he certainly struck a tall figure , muscular-more quarterback than linebacker-though there remained a hardness to his eyes that made any curious glance toward him skirt quickly away . 
 instead , what attracted the most attention to him was something else , someone else . 
 kane brushed up against his thigh-silent now , with hackles still raised . 
 tucker rested a hand on his dog 's side , not to calm him but ready to signal his partner if necessary . 
 and that 's what they were . 
 partners . 
 kane was an extension of himself , a disembodied limb . 
 while the dog looked like a hard-bodied , compact german shepherd , he was actually a belgian shepherd dog , called a malinois . 
 his fur was black and tan , but mostly black , a match to his dark eyes . 
 under his palm , tucker felt kane 's muscles tense . 
 half a block away , a thin shape burst around the next corner , careening in a panic . 
 in his haste , he collided off the far wall and rebounded down the street , glancing frequently over his shoulder . 
 tucker sized him up in a breath and weighed any danger . 
 early twenties , maybe late teens , a mix of asian and indian , his eyes wide with terror , his limbs and face sickly gaunt-from addiction , from malnourishment ? 
 the runner clutched his right side , failing to stanch a crimson bloom from seeping through his white shift . 
 the scent of fresh blood must have alerted kane , along with the panicked tread of those bare feet . 
 tucker prepared to step out of the shadowed doorway , to go to the young man 's aid-but the pressure against his legs increased , pinning him in place . 
 a heartbeat later , the reason became clear . 
 around the same corner stalked a trio of large men , african , with tribal tattoos across their faces . 
 they carried machetes and spread to either side of the empty street with the clear skill of experienced hunters . 
 their target also noted their arrival-igniting his already frightened flight into a full rout-but blood loss and exhaustion had taken their toll . 
 within a few steps , the victim tripped and sprawled headlong across the street . 
 though he struck the cobbles hard , he did n't make a sound , not a whimper or a cry , simply defeated . 
 that , more than anything , drew tucker out of hiding . 
 that , and something his grandfather had drilled into him : in the face of inhumanity , a good man reacts-but a great one acts . 
 tucker tapped three fingers against his dog 's side , the signal plain . 
 defend . 
 kane leaped over the prone body of the young man and landed in a crouch on the far side , tail high , teeth bared , growling . 
 the shepherd 's sudden appearance caused all three attackers to stop in shock , as if some demon djinn had materialized before them . 
 tucker used the distraction to fold out of the shadows and close upon the nearest of the three men . 
 in a swift capture of wrist , followed by an elbow strike to the chin , the machete ended up in tucker 's grip . 
 he flat-handed the man away as the second assailant wielded his blade in a roundhouse swing . 
 rather than leaping clear , tucker lunged forward , entering the man 's guard . 
 he caught the deadly arm under his own and snaked his hand fully around the limb and immobilized it . 
 with his other arm , he slammed the butt-end of the steel machete into the man 's nose . 
 bone cracked ; blood spurted . 
 the man went limp , but tucker held him upright by his trapped arm . 
 from the corner of his eye , he saw the third and largest opponent back away two steps and free a pistol . 
 tucker swung around , using his captured assailant 's body as a shield as shots rang out . 
 it proved a meager defense at such close range . 
 one of the rounds blasted through his captive 's neck , grazing tucker 's shoulder . 
 then a scream bellowed . 
 tucker shoved the body aside and saw kane latched onto the shooter 's wrist , the dog 's fangs digging deep . 
 the pistol clattered to the street . 
 the man 's eyes were round with panic as he tried to shake the shepherd loose . 
 blood and slather flew . 
 only then did the huge african remember the machete in his other hand . 
 he lifted it high , ready to hack at the dog . 
 `` release ! '' 
 tucker cried out . 
 the command was barely off his lips when kane obeyed , letting go and dropping back on the street . 
 but the man continued his downward swing at the dog 's neck with a savage bellow . 
 kane could not get out of the way in time . 
 tucker was already moving . 
 heart pounding , he dove for the abandoned pistol and scooped it up . 
 he shoulder-rolled to bring the weapon up-but he was too slow . 
 the machete flashed in the sunlight . 
 a gunshot cracked loudly . 
 the man crumpled backward , half his skull shattering away . 
 the blade flew away harmlessly . 
 tucker stared at his pistol . 
 the shot had not come from his weapon . 
 up the street , a new trio appeared . 
 two men and a woman . 
 though dressed in street clothes , they all had the stamp of military about them . 
 the leader in the center held a smoking sig sauer . 
 `` see to him . '' 
 he pointed to the bleeding young man on the ground . 
 his voice had a slight texas accent . 
 `` get him to a local hospital and we 'll rendezvous back at the evac point . '' 
 despite the concern about the injured man , the leader 's gaze never unlocked from tucker 's eyes . 
 from the hard contours of his face , the close-cropped black hair that had gone a bit lanky , and the stony edge to his storm-gray eyes , he was definitely military . 
 likely ex-military . 
 not good . 
 the leader crossed over to him , ignoring kane 's wary growl . 
 he offered a hand to help tucker up . 
 `` you 're a difficult man to find , captain wayne . '' 
 tucker bit back any surprise and ignored the offered hand . 
 he stood on his own . 
 `` you were the ones following me . 
 earlier this morning . '' 
 `` and you lost us . '' 
 a hard twinkle of amusement brightened the man 's eyes . 
 `` not an easy thing to do . 
 that alone proves you 're the man we need . '' 
 `` not interested . '' 
 he turned , but the man stepped in front of him and blocked the way . 
 a finger pointed at his chest , which only managed to irritate him further . 
 `` listen for one minute , '' the man said , `` then you 're free to go . '' 
 tucker stared down at the finger . 
 the only reason he did n't reach out and break it was that the man had saved kane 's life a moment ago . 
 he owed him that much-and perhaps even a minute of his time . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the offending finger turned into an open palm , inviting a handshake . 
 `` commander gray pierce . 
 i work for an organization called sigma . '' 
 tucker scowled . 
 `` never heard of it . 
 that makes you what ? 
 defense contractors , mercenaries ? '' 
 he made his disdain for that last word plain . 
 that dark twinkle grew brighter as the other lowered his arm . 
 `` no . 
 we work under the auspices of darpa . '' 
 tucker frowned , but curiosity kept him listening . 
 darpa was the defense department 's research-and-development administration . 
 what the hell was going on here ? 
 `` perhaps we can discuss this in a quieter location , '' the commander said . 
 by now , the man 's partners had gathered up the wounded young man , shouldered him between them , and were headed down the street . 
 faces had begun to peer out of windows or to peek from behind cracked-open doors . 
 other figures hovered at the corners . 
 zanzibar often turned a blind eye to most offenses , but the gunfire and bloodshed would not be ignored for long . 
 as soon as they left , the bodies would be looted of anything of value , and any inquiries would be met with blank stares . 
 `` i know a place , '' tucker said and led the way . 
 6:44 p.m. gray sipped a hot tea spiced with cardamom . 
 he sat with tucker wayne on a rooftop deck overlooking the indian ocean . 
 across the waters , the triangular sails of old wooden dhows mixed with cargo ships and a smattering of tourist yachts . 
 for the moment , they had the hotel 's tiny restaurant to themselves . 
 at the foot of the building , a small spice market rang and bustled , wafting up with a melange of nutmeg , cinnamon , vanilla , cloves , and countless other spices that had once lured sultans to this island and had fueled an active slave-trading industry . 
 the island had exchanged hands many times , which was evident in its unique blend of moorish , middle eastern , indian , and african traditions . 
 around every corner , the city changed faces and remained impossible to categorize . 
 the same could be said for the stranger who was seated across the narrow table from him . 
 gray placed his cup of tea onto a cracked saucer . 
 a heavy-bodied fly , drawn by the sweet tea , came lumbering down and landed on the table . 
 it crawled toward his cup . 
 gray swatted at it-but before his palm could strike the table , fingers caught his wrist , stopping him . 
 `` do n't , '' tucker said , then gently waved the fly off before returning to his thousand-yard stare out to sea . 
 gray rubbed his wrist and watched the fly , oblivious to its salvation , buzz lazily away . 
 tucker finally cleared his throat . 
 `` what do you want with me ? '' 
 gray focused back on the matter at hand . 
 he had read the former army ranger 's dossier en route to the horn of africa . 
 tucker was a superb dog handler , testing through the roof in regards to emotional empathy , which helped him bond with his subjects , sometimes too deeply . 
 a psych evaluation attributed such a response to early-childhood trauma . 
 raised in north dakota , he had been orphaned when his parents had been killed by a drunk driver when he was a toddler , leaving him in the care of his grandfather , who had a heart attack when tucker was thirteen . 
 from there , he 'd been dumped into foster care until he petitioned for early emancipation at seventeen and joined the armed services . 
 with such a chaotic , unstable upbringing , he seemed to have developed an affinity for animals more than humans . 
 still , gray sensed there was more to the man than just psychiatric evaluations and test scores . 
 at his core , he remained a mystery . 
 like why he had abruptly left the service , disappearing immediately after being discharged , leaving behind a uniform full of medals , including a purple heart , earned after one of the nastiest firefights in afghanistan-operation anaconda at takur ghar . 
 gray cut to the chase as time was running out . 
 `` captain wayne , during your military career , your expertise was extraction and rescue . 
 your commanding officer claimed there was none better . '' 
 the man shrugged . 
 `` you and your dog - '' `` kane , '' tucker interrupted . 
 `` his name 's kane . '' 
 a furry left ear pricked at his master 's voice . 
 the small shepherd lay sprawled on the floor , looking drowsy , inattentive , but gray knew better . 
 his muzzle rested against the toe of tucker 's boot , ready for any signal from his partner . 
 gray had read kane 's dossier , too . 
 the military war dog had a vocabulary of a thousand words , along with the knowledge of a hundred hand gestures . 
 the two were bound together more intimately than any husband and wife-and together , with the dog 's heightened senses and ability to maneuver in places where men could not , the two were frighteningly efficient in the field . 
 gray needed that expertise . 
 `` there 's a mission , '' he said . 
 `` you would be well paid . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 there 's not enough gold in fort knox . '' 
 gray had prepared for this attitude , readied for this eventuality . 
 `` perhaps not , but when you left the service , you stole government property . '' 
 tucker faced him , his eyes going diamond-hard . 
 in that gaze , gray read the necessity to speak warily , to play the one card he had with great care . 
 gray continued , `` it costs hundreds of thousands of dollars and countless man-hours to train a war-service dog . '' 
 he dared not even glance toward kane ; he kept his gaze fixed on tucker . 
 `` those were my man-hours , '' tucker answered darkly . 
 `` i trained both kane and abel . 
 and look what happened to abel . 
 this time around , it was n't kane who killed abel . '' 
 gray had read the brutal details in the files and avoided that minefield . 
 `` still , kane is government property , military hardware , a skilled combat tracker . 
 complete this mission and he is yours to keep , free and clear . '' 
 disgust curled a corner of tucker 's lip . 
 `` no one owns kane , commander . 
 not the u.s. government . 
 not special forces . 
 not even me . '' 
 `` understood , but that 's our offer . '' 
 tucker glared at him for a long breath-then abruptly leaned back , crossing his arms , his posture plain . 
 he was not agreeing , only willing to listen . 
 `` again . 
 what do you need me for ? '' 
 `` an extraction . 
 a rescue . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` in somalia . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 gray sized up his opponent . 
 the detail he was about to reveal was known only to a handful of people high in the government . 
 it had shocked him when he 'd first learned the truth . 
 if word should somehow reach her captors - `` who ? '' 
 tucker pressed . 
 kane must have sensed his partner 's growing agitation and let out a low rumble , voicing his own complaint . 
 gray answered them both . 
 `` we need your help in rescuing the president 's daughter . '' 
