 a.d. 398 mount parnassus greece they had come to slay her . 
 the woman stood at the temple 's portico . 
 she shivered in her thin garment , a simple shift of white linen belted at the waist , but it was not the cold of predawn that iced her bones . 
 below , a torchlight procession flowed up the slopes of mount parnassus like a river of fire . 
 it followed the stone-paved road of the sacred way , climbing in switchbacks up toward the temple of apollo . 
 the beat of sword on shield accompanied their progress , a full cohort of the roman legion , five hundred strong . 
 the road wound through broken monuments and long-ransacked treasuries . 
 whatever could burn had been set to torch . 
 as the firelight danced over the ruins , the flames cast a shimmering illusion of better times , a fiery restoration of former glory : treasuries overflowing with gold and jewels , legions of statues carved by the finest artisans , milling crowds gathered to hear the prophetic words of the oracle . 
 but no more . 
 over the past century , delphi had been brought low by invading gauls , by plundering thracians , but most of all , by neglect . 
 few now came to seek the words of the oracle : a goat herder questioning a wife 's fidelity , or a sailor seeking good omens for a voyage across the gulf of corinth . 
 it was the end of times , the end of the oracle of delphi . 
 after prophesying for thirty years , she would be the last to bear the name pythia . 
 the last oracle of delphi . 
 but with this burden came one final challenge . 
 pythia turned toward the east , where the sky had begun to lighten . 
 oh , that rosy eos , goddess of dawn , would hurry apollo to tether his four horses to his sun chariot . 
 one of pythia 's sisters , a young acolyte , stepped out of the temple behind her . 
 `` mistress , come away with us , '' the younger woman begged . 
 `` it is not too late . 
 we can still escape with the others to the high caves . '' 
 pythia placed a reassuring hand on the woman 's shoulder . 
 over the past night , the other women had fled to the rugged heights where the caves of dionysus would keep them safe . 
 but pythia had a final duty here . 
 `` mistress , surely there is no time to perform this last prophecy . '' 
 `` i must . '' 
 `` then do it now . 
 before it is too late . '' 
 pythia turned away . 
 `` we must wait for dawn of the seventh day . 
 that is our way . '' 
 as the sun had set last night , pythia had begun her preparations . 
 she had bathed in castilia 's silver spring , drank from the kassotis spring , and burned bay leaves on an altar of black marble outside the temple . 
 she had followed the ritual precisely , the same as the first pythia thousands of years ago . 
 only this time , the oracle had not been alone in her purifications . 
 at her side had been a girl , barely past her twelfth summer . 
 such a small creature and of such strange manner . 
 the child had simply stood naked in the spring waters while the older woman had washed and anointed her . 
 she 'd said not a word , merely stood with an arm out , opening and closing her fingers , as if grasping for something only she could see . 
 what god so suffered the child , yet blessed her just the same ? 
 surely not even apollo . 
 yet the child 's words thirty days ago could come only from the gods . 
 words that had plainly spread and stoked the fires that now climbed toward delphi . 
 oh , that the child had never been brought here . 
 pythia had been content to allow delphi to fade into obscurity . 
 she remembered the words spoken by one of her predecessors , long dead for centuries , an ominous portent . 
 emperor augustus had asked of her dead sister , `` why has the oracle grown so silent ? '' 
 her sister had responded , `` a hebrew boy , a god who rules among the blessed , bids me leave this house ... '' those words proved to be a true prophecy . 
 the cult of christ rose to consume the empire and destroyed any hope for a return to the old ways . 
 then a moon ago , the strange girl had been brought to her steps . 
 pythia glanced away from the flames and toward the adytum , the inner sanctum of apollo 's temple . 
 the girl waited inside . 
 she was an orphan from the distant township of chios . 
 over the ages , many had hauled such children here , seeking to abandon such burdens upon the sisterhood . 
 most were turned away . 
 only the most ideal girls were allowed to stay : straight of limb , clear of eye , and unspoiled . 
 apollo would never accept a vessel of lesser quality for his prophetic spirit . 
 so when this willow branch of a girl had been presented naked to the steps of apollo 's temple , pythia had given her hardly a glance . 
 the child was unkempt , her dark hair knotted and tangled , her skin marked with pox scars . 
 but deeper , pythia had sensed something wrong with the child . 
 the way she rocked back and forth . 
 even her eyes stared without truly seeing . 
 her patrons had claimed the child was touched by the gods . 
 that she could tell the number of olives in a tree with merely a glance , that she could declare when a sheep would lamb with but a touch of her hand . 
 upon hearing such stories , pythia 's interest had stirred . 
 she called the girl to join her at the entrance to the temple . 
 the child obeyed , but she moved as if disconnected , as if the winds themselves propelled her upward . 
 pythia had to draw her by hand to sit on the top step . 
 `` can you tell me your name ? '' 
 she asked the thin child . 
 `` her name is anthea , '' one of her patrons declared from below . 
 pythia kept her gaze focused on the child . 
 `` anthea , do you know why you 've been brought here ? '' 
 `` your house is empty , '' the child finally mumbled to the floor . 
 so at least she can speak . 
 pythia glanced to the temple 's interior . 
 the hearth fire burned in the center of the main hall . 
 it was indeed empty at the moment , but the child 's words seemed to whisper at something more . 
 maybe it was her manner . 
 so strange , so distant , as if she stood with one leg in this world and the other beyond this realm . 
 the child glanced up with those clear blue eyes , so full of innocence , so in contrast with what spilled next from her lips . 
 `` you are old . 
 you will die soon . '' 
 from below , her patron attempted to scold her , but pythia kept her words soft . 
 `` we all die eventually , anthea . 
 it is the order of the world . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` not the hebrew boy . '' 
 those strange eyes bored into her . 
 the hairs along pythia 's arms shivered . 
 plainly the girl had been taught the catechism of the cult of christ and his bloody cross . 
 but her words again . 
 such strange cadence . 
 the hebrew boy ... it reminded her of her ancestor 's prophecy of doom . 
 `` but another will come , '' the girl continued . 
 `` another boy . '' 
 `` another boy ? '' 
 pythia leaned closer . 
 `` who ? 
 from where ? '' 
 `` from my dreams . '' 
 the girl rubbed the heel of one hand at her ear . 
 sensing there were depths to the girl that remained untapped , pythia plumbed them . 
 `` this boy ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 what the child said next drew a gasp from the gathered crowd-even they recognized blasphemy when they heard it . 
 `` he is the brother of the hebrew boy . '' 
 the child then clasped tight to the hem of pythia 's skirt . 
 `` he burns in my dreams ... and he will burn everything . 
 nothing will last . 
 not even rome . '' 
 for the past month , pythia had attempted to learn more of this doom , even taking the girl into the sisterhood 's fold . 
 but the child had seemed only to retreat into herself , going mute . 
 still , there was one way to learn more . 
 if the girl were truly blessed , the power of apollo 's breath-his prophetic vapors-might burn free what was locked within the girl 's strangeness . 
 but was there enough time ? 
 a touch to her elbow interrupted her reverie and drew her back to the present . 
 `` mistress , the sun ... , '' her younger sister urged . 
 pythia focused to the east . 
 the eastern skies blazed , heralding the coming sunrise . 
 below , shouts rose from the roman legion . 
 word of the girl had spread . 
 prophecies of doom had traveled far ... even to the ears of the emperor . 
 an imperial courier had demanded the child be delivered to rome , declaring her demon-plagued . 
 pythia had refused . 
 the gods had sent this child to her threshold , to apollo 's temple . 
 pythia would not relinquish the girl without first testing her , putting her to the question . 
 to the east , the first rays of the sun etched the morning skies . 
 the seventh day of the seventh month dawned . 
 they had waited long enough . 
 pythia turned her back on the fiery legion . 
 `` come . 
 we must hurry . '' 
 she swept into the temple 's interior . 
 flames greeted her here , too , but they were the welcoming warmth from the temple 's sacred hearth . 
 two of her elder sisters still tended the flames , too old to make the harsh climb up to the caves . 
 she nodded her gratitude to each in turn , then hurried past the hearth . 
 at the back of the temple , stairs led down toward the private sanctum . 
 only those who served the oracle were allowed to enter the subterranean adytum . 
 as she descended , marble turned to raw limestone . 
 the stairs emptied into a small cavern . 
 the cave had been discovered ages ago by a goat herder , who upon nearing the cavern opening , fell under the sway of apollo 's sweet-smelling vapors and succumbed to strange visions . 
 would that such gifts last one more sunrise . 
 pythia found the child waiting inside the cave . 
 the girl was dressed in an alb too large for her and sat cross-legged beside the bronze tripod that supported the sacred omphalos , a waist-high domed rock that represented the navel of the world , the center of the universe . 
 the only other decoration in the cave was a single raised seat , resting on three legs . 
 it stood over a natural crack in the floor . 
 pythia , long accustomed to apollo 's vapor , was still struck by the scent rising from below , smelling of almond blossoms . 
 the god 's pneuma , his prophetic exhalation . 
 `` it is time , '' she said to the younger sister , who had followed her down . 
 `` bring the child to me . '' 
 pythia crossed to the tripod and mounted the seat . 
 positioned over the crack in the floor , the rising vapors bathed her in apollo 's breath . 
 `` hurry . '' 
 the younger sister gathered up the child and placed the girl into her lap . 
 pythia cradled her gently , like a mother with a babe , but the child did not respond to such affection . 
 pythia already felt the effect of the pneuma rising from the earth below her . 
 a familiar tingle ran along her limbs . 
 her throat burned warmly as apollo entered her . 
 her vision began to close . 
 but the child was smaller , more susceptible to the pneuma . 
 the girl 's head rolled back ; her eyelids drooped . 
 surely she would not survive apollo 's penetration for long . 
 still , if there was to be any hope , the girl had to be put to the question . 
 `` child , '' pythia rang out , `` tell us more of this boy and the doom he whispered to you . 
 where will he rise ? '' 
 the small lips moved in a whisper . 
 `` from me . 
 from my dreams . '' 
 small fingers found pythia 's hand and squeezed . 
 words continued to spill from the girl 's lips . 
 `` your house is empty ... your springs have dried up . 
 but a new spring of prophecy will flow . '' 
 pythia 's arms tightened on the girl . 
 for too long , ruin had lingered over the temple . 
 `` a new spring . '' 
 hope rang in her voice . 
 `` here at delphi ? '' 
 `` no ... '' pythia 's breath grew more rapid . 
 `` then from where will it spring ? '' 
 the girl 's lips moved , but no words came out . 
 she shook the girl . 
 `` where ? '' 
 the girl lifted a boneless arm and placed a hand on her own belly . 
 with that touch , a vision swelled through pythia , of silver waters gushing from the girl 's navel , from out of her womb . 
 a new spring . 
 but was it a vision from apollo ? 
 or was it born from her own hope ? 
 a scream pierced her daze . 
 hard voices echoed down . 
 from the stairs , a figure stumbled into view . 
 it was one of the elders who had tended the fire . 
 she clutched a hand to her shoulder . 
 a crimson bloom spread from under her palm . 
 the black head of an arrow protruded between her fingers . 
 `` too late , '' the old woman cried out and collapsed to her knees . 
 `` the romans ... '' pythia heard the woman 's words but remained lost in the vapors . 
 behind her eyes , she pictured the spring flowing from the girl , a new font of prophetic power . 
 but pythia also smelled the smoke from the roman torches . 
 blood and smoke leaked into her vision . 
 the silver spring now ran with a thin stream of black crimson and swept into the future . 
 the child suddenly sagged in her arms , completely lost to the pneuma 's vapors . 
 still , as pythia studied the vision , she watched the dark stream form a black figure ... the shadow of a boy . 
 flames rose behind him . 
 the child 's words from a moon ago echoed to her . 
 the brother of the hebrew boy ... he who would set fire to the world . 
 pythia held the limp girl . 
 the child 's prophecy hinted at both doom and salvation . 
 perhaps it would be best to leave her to the imperial legion , to end such an uncertain future here . 
 from overhead , hard voices echoed down . 
 there was already no escape . 
 except in death . 
 still , the vision swelled in her . 
 apollo had sent the child . 
 to pythia . 
 a new spring will flow . 
 she took a deep breath , drawing apollo fully into her . 
 what must i do ? 
 the roman centurion crossed the hall . 
 he had his orders . 
 to slay the girl who spoke of the empire 's doom . 
 last night , they had captured one of the temple 's servants , a maid . 
 under the lash-and before he gave her to his men-she let it be known that the child still remained at the temple . 
 `` bring the torches ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` search every corner ! '' 
 movement near the back of the hall drew his eye-and his sword . 
 a woman appeared from the shadows of a lower stair . 
 she stumbled forward , weaving two steps into view , unsteady , dazed . 
 dressed all in white , she bore a crown of laurel branches . 
 he knew who stood before him . 
 the oracle of delphi . 
 the centurion fought back a tremble of fear . 
 like many of the legion , he still secretly practiced the old ways . 
 even slaughtered bulls to mithra and bathed in their blood . 
 still , a new sun was on the rise . 
 there was no stopping it . 
 `` who dares violate apollo 's temple ? '' 
 she called out to them . 
 with the stony weight of his men 's eyes upon him , the centurion marched to face the woman . 
 `` bring forth the girl ! '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` she is gone . 
 beyond even your reach . '' 
 the centurion knew that was impossible . 
 the temple was surrounded . 
 still , worry pushed him forward . 
 the oracle stepped to block him from the stairs . 
 she held a palm against his breastplate . 
 `` the adytum below is forbidden to all men . '' 
 `` but not to the emperor . 
 and i am under his edict . '' 
 she refused to move . 
 `` you will not pass . '' 
 the centurion had his orders under the seal of emperor theodosius , handed to him personally by the emperor 's son arcadius . 
 the old gods were to be silenced , their old temples torn down . 
 all across the empire , including delphi . 
 the centurion had been given one additional command . 
 he would obey . 
 he thrust his sword deep into the oracle 's belly and drove it full to the hilt . 
 a gasp escaped her . 
 she fell against his shoulder , as in a lover 's embrace . 
 he shouldered her away from him roughly . 
 blood splashed across his armor , across the floor . 
 the oracle slumped to the marble , then to her side . 
 a trembling arm reached to the pool of her own blood . 
 her palm settled into it . 
 `` a new spring ... , '' she whispered , as if it were a promise . 
 then her body went slack with death . 
 the centurion stepped over her form and let his sword lead him down the stairs to a small blind cave . 
 an old woman 's corpse , arrow-bit , lay in a black pool of blood . 
 a three-legged chair lay toppled beside a riven crack in the floor . 
 he searched the rest of the room and turned a full circle . 
 impossible . 
 the chamber was empty . 
 march 1959 carpathian mountains romania major yuri raev climbed out of the russian zis-151 truck and dropped to the rutted dirt road . 
 his legs trembled under him . 
 to steady himself , he leaned a hand on the green steel door of the battered vehicle , both cursing it and thanking it . 
 the rattle of the week-long trek up into the mountains still made his spine ache . 
 even his molars seemed loose in his skull . 
 still , it took such a rugged vehicle to climb the stony switchbacks and river-flooded roads to reach this isolated winter camp . 
 he glanced over his shoulder as the rear door to the truck 's bed crashed down . 
 soldiers in black-and-white uniforms hopped out . 
 their winter garb blended with the snow and granite of the densely wooded highlands . 
 morning fog still hung in hollows like sullen ghosts . 
 the men swore and stamped their boots . 
 small flickers of fire sparked as cigarettes were dropped or ground out . 
 with a clatter , the soldiers readied their kalashnikov assault rifles . 
 but they were only the rear guard , meant to keep all away . 
 yuri faced forward as the second in command of this mission , lieutenant dobritsky , marched over . 
 he was a blocky ukrainian with a pocked face and broken nose , outfitted in winter camouflage . 
 red rings from his snow goggles still circled his eyes . 
 `` major , sir , the camp is secure . '' 
 `` is it them ? 
 who we seek ? '' 
 dobritsky shrugged , leaving it for yuri to decide . 
 they 'd already had one false alarm , raiding a winter camp of half-starved peasants , who 'd been eking out a living by quarrying stone . 
 yuri scowled . 
 these mountains were from another era , stone-aged , backward , rife with superstition and poverty . 
 yet the craggy , forested highlands were also a perfect refuge for those who wished to remain hidden . 
 yuri stepped to the side and studied the curve of the rutted track that served as a road . 
 mud and snow had been churned up by the lead vehicles . 
 through the trees , yuri spotted a score of imz-ural motorcycles , each bearing an armed soldier in a sidecar . 
 the heavy bikes had swept up in advance and secured the site , cutting off all means of escape . 
 rumor and tortured testimony had led to this remote place . 
 and still it had required scouring the highlands and burning a few homesteads to warm the occasional frozen tongues . 
 few were willing to speak of the carpathian romani . 
 especially with the stories spoken about this isolated clan in particular , whispers of strigoi and moroi . 
 evil spirits and witches . 
 but had he found them at long last ? 
 lieutenant dobritsky shifted his boots . 
 `` what now , major ? '' 
 yuri noted the sour turn to the ukrainian 's lips . 
 though yuri was a major in the soviet army , he was no soldier . 
 he stood a head shorter than dobritsky , with a slight paunch to his belly and a doughy face . 
 recruited from leningrad state university , he had risen to his position through the ranks of the military 's scientific branches . 
 at the age of twenty-eight , he was already chief of the biophysics laboratory at the state control institute of medical and biological research . 
 `` where is captain martov ? '' 
 yuri asked . 
 the representative of soviet military intelligence seldom left dobritsky 's side and kept an officious eye on all matters . 
 `` waiting for us at the camp 's entrance . '' 
 dobritsky slogged a straight path up the road 's center . 
 yuri sidestepped to the edge , where the ground was still frozen and the walking easier . 
 reaching the last switchback , the lieutenant pointed toward a camp sheltered in a cover of steep crags and surrounded by black woods . 
 `` gypsies , '' dobritsky grunted . 
 `` as you ordered , da ? '' 
 but is this the right romani clan ? 
 ahead , the gypsy wagons were painted in faded hues of green and black , with wheels as tall as yuri . 
 some paint had peeled and flaked to reveal bolder colors hidden beneath , peeks at happier times . 
 the tall wooden wagons were piled with snow and fringed by icicles along the sides . 
 windows were etched with frost . 
 blackened pits marked old bonfires . 
 two fires were still lit deeper in the winter camp , casting flames as high as the tallest wagon . 
 another wagon stood shattered and burned to a husk . 
 to one side , a few swaybacked draft horses hung their heads dully from beneath a lean-to of salvaged wood planks and piled stones . 
 goats and a few sheep ambled through the camp . 
 the soldiers had the site surrounded . 
 a few dead bodies in ragged clothes and furred jackets lay sprawled here and there . 
 the living looked little better . 
 the camp 's residents had been hauled from their wagons and heavy tents . 
 shouts rose from deeper in the camp as the last of the gypsies were rounded up . 
 a spatter of automatic gunfire sounded . 
 kalashnikovs . 
 yuri observed the grim-eyed crowd . 
 some of the women were on their knees , sobbing . 
 the dark men were steely in their black regard of the intruders . 
 most were bloody , wounded , broken-limbed . 
 `` where are all the children ? '' 
 yuri asked . 
 the answer came from his other side , bright and brittle as the ice frosting these highlands . 
 `` barricaded in the church . '' 
 yuri turned to face the speaker , captain savina martov , the mission 's intelligence officer . 
 she was buried in a black overcoat with a fur-lined hood . 
 her black hair was a match to the hood 's fringe of russian wolf . 
 she lifted a slender arm toward a steeple rising beyond the wagons and tents . 
 it appeared to be the only permanent structure here . 
 built all of local stone , the church blended into the surrounding crags . 
 `` the children were already assembled in the structure before our forces arrived , '' savina recounted . 
 dobritsky nodded . 
 `` must have heard the motorcycles ' engines . '' 
 savina met yuri 's eyes . 
 morning light danced in her green eyes . 
 the intelligence officer had her own thoughts . 
 it had been savina who had delivered a cache of research papers to yuri 's institute , notebooks and reams of data from auschwitz-birkenau , specifically the work of dr. josef mengele , the concentration camp 's `` angel of death . '' 
 yuri had many sweat-soaked nightmares after reading through the material . 
 it was well known that dr. mengele had performed all manner of horrible experiments on the prisoners , but the monster bore a special fascination for gypsies , especially their children . 
 he would ply them with treats and chocolates . 
 they came to call him `` uncle pepe . '' 
 this was all done just to get the children to better cooperate . 
 eventually he had them all slaughtered-but not before he discovered an especially unique pair of gypsy twins . 
 two identical girls . 
 sasha and meena . 
 yuri had read those notes with a mixture of fascination and horror . 
 mengele had kept meticulous notes on the remarkable twins : age , family history , lineage . 
 he tortured the twins ' family and relatives to uncover more details , verified by testing with the girls . 
 mengele accelerated his experiments . 
 but as the war drew to a close , he was forced to prematurely terminate his tests . 
 he killed the twins with injections of phenol into their hearts . 
 mengele had scrawled his frustration near the end . 
 wenn ich nur mehr zeit gehabt hatte ... if only i 'd had more time ... `` are you ready ? '' 
 savina asked yuri . 
 he nodded . 
 accompanied by dobritsky and another soldier , the pair headed into the camp . 
 he stepped around a corpse sprawled facedown in a pool of frozen blood . 
 the church appeared ahead . 
 it was all stacked stones , no windows . 
 a single door stood closed , constructed of hewn beams of stout wood , banded and studded in copper . 
 the building looked more like a fortress than a church . 
 two soldiers flanked the doors with a steel battering ram . 
 dobritsky glanced to yuri . 
 he nodded . 
 `` break it down ! '' 
 the lieutenant ordered sharply . 
 the men swung the ram and smashed the door . 
 wood splintered . 
 it held for two more swings . 
 finally the door burst open with a crack of thunder . 
 yuri shadowed savina and stepped forward . 
 small oil lamps lit the dark interior . 
 rows of pews lined either side , leading to a raised altar . 
 children of all ages cowered among the benches , strangely silent . 
 as yuri continued toward the altar , he studied the children . 
 many bore disturbing deformities : pinheaded microcephaly , cleft lips , dwarfism . 
 one child had no arms at all , only a torso . 
 inbreeding . 
 yuri 's skin pebbled with unease . 
 no wonder the rural folk around here feared this romani clan , told tales of spirits and monsters . 
 `` how will you know if these are the right children ? '' 
 savina asked with clear disgust in her voice . 
 yuri quoted from one of the tortured interviews recorded by mengele . 
 `` the lair of the chovihanis . '' 
 the place was where the twins had been born , a secret kept by the gypsies going back to the founding of the clans . 
 `` are these the ones ? '' 
 savina pressed . 
 yuri shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he continued toward a girl seated before the altar . 
 she clutched a rag doll to her chest , though her own garb was little better than her doll 's . 
 as yuri neared , he noted the child seemed perfect , spared of any of the deformities . 
 in the dim light , the pure crystal blue of her eyes shone brightly . 
 so rare among the romani . 
 like the twins , sasha and meena . 
 yuri knelt in front of her . 
 she seemed not to notice him . 
 her gaze passed straight through him . 
 he sensed there was something wrong with this child , possibly worse than any of the other deformities . 
 though her eyes never seemed to focus any sharper , she lifted a hand toward him . 
 `` unchi pepe , '' she lisped in a thin romani voice . 
 a wash of fear swept through yuri . 
 uncle pepe . 
 the pet name for josef mengele . 
 it had been used by all the gypsy children . 
 but these children were too young to have ever seen the insides of a concentration camp . 
 yuri stared into those vacant eyes . 
 did the child know what yuri and his research team intended ? 
 how could she ? 
 mengele 's words haunted him : if only i 'd had more time ... that would not be yuri 's problem . 
 his team would be granted all the time it needed . 
 the facility was already under construction . 
 far from prying eyes . 
 savina stepped closer . 
 she needed an answer . 
 yuri knew the truth ; he 'd known it the moment he stared into this girl 's face . 
 still he hesitated . 
 savina placed a hand on his elbow . 
 `` major ? '' 
 there could be no turning back , so yuri nodded , acknowledging the horror to come . 
 `` da . 
 these are the chovihanis . '' 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 yuri nodded again , but he kept his gaze fixed on the child 's blue eyes . 
 he barely heard savina order dobritsky : `` collect all the children into the trucks . 
 eliminate everyone else . '' 
 yuri did not countermand those orders . 
 he knew why they were here . 
 the child still held out her hand . 
 `` unchi pepe , '' she repeated . 
 he took the tiny fingers into his own . 
 there was no denying it , no turning back . 
 yes , i am . 
 first 1 present day september 5 , 1:38 p.m. washington , d.c. . 
 it was n't every day a man dropped dead in your arms . 
 commander gray pierce had been crossing the national mall when the homeless man accosted him . 
 gray was already in a bad mood , having finished one fight and was headed toward another . 
 the midday heat only stoked his irritability . 
 the day steamed with the usual d.c. swelter , baking off the sidewalk . 
 dressed in a navy blue blazer over an untucked cotton jersey and jeans , he estimated his internal temperature had risen from medium to well done . 
 from half a block away , gray spotted a gaunt figure weaving toward him . 
 the homeless man was dressed in baggy jeans rolled at the ankle , revealing scuffed army boots , only half laced . 
 he hunched within a rumpled suit jacket . 
 as the man neared , gray noted his scrabbled beard was shot with gray , his eyes bleary and red as he searched around . 
 such panhandlers were not a rare sight around the national mall , especially as the labor day celebrations had just ended this past weekend . 
 the tourists had retreated back to their ordinary lives , the riot police had retired to the local bars , and the street cleaners had finished erasing the evidence . 
 the last to leave were those who still sought some bit of loose change that might have fallen through the cracks , searching trash bins for bottles or cans , like crabs scavenging the last bit of meat from old bones . 
 gray did not sidestep the vagrant as he headed down jefferson drive toward the smithsonian castle , his destination . 
 he even made eye contact , both to judge any threat level and to acknowledge the man 's existence . 
 while there were certainly some panhandling cons perpetrated by a few who were less than needy , most of the men and women on the streets were there through misfortune , addiction , or various forms of mental illness . 
 and a good number of them were veterans of the armed services . 
 gray refused to look away-and maybe that was what brightened the other man 's eyes . 
 gray read a mix of relief and hope through the grime and wrinkles . 
 upon spotting gray , the homeless man 's shuffling gait became more determined . 
 perhaps he feared his quarry might escape into the castle before he could reach him . 
 the man 's limbs shook . 
 he was plainly inebriated or possibly suffering from drunken tremors . 
 a hand reached toward him , palm up . 
 it was a universal gesture-from the slums of brazil to the alleys of bangkok . 
 help me . 
 please . 
 gray reached inside his blazer for his wallet . 
 many thought he was a sucker for succumbing to such panhandling . 
 they 'll just use it to buy booze or crack . 
 he did n't care . 
 it was not his place to judge . 
 this was another human being in need . 
 he pulled out his wallet . 
 if asked , he would give . 
 that was his motto . 
 and maybe at a more honest level , such charity served gray , too , a balm of human kindness to soothe a guilt buried deeper than he cared to face . 
 and all it cost was a buck or two . 
 not a bad deal . 
 he glanced into his wallet . 
 all twenties . 
 he had just cashed up at an atm at the metro station . 
 he shrugged and tugged out a bill with andrew jackson 's face . 
 okay , sometimes it cost more than a buck or two . 
 he lifted his head just as the two met . 
 gray reached out with the twenty-dollar bill but found the man 's hand was n't empty . 
 resting in the middle of his palm lay a tarnished coin , about the size of a fifty-cent piece . 
 gray frowned . 
 it was the first time a homeless man had tried to pay him . 
 before he could comprehend the situation , the man tripped toward him , as if suddenly shoved from behind . 
 his mouth opened in an o of surprise . 
 he fell into gray , who reflexively caught the elderly man . 
 he was lighter than gray had expected . 
 under his jacket , the man 's body seemed all bone , a skeleton in a suit . 
 a hand grazed gray 's cheek . 
 it burned feverishly hot . 
 a flicker of fear-of disease , of aids-passed through gray , but he did not let go as the man slumped in his arms . 
 carrying the man 's weight , gray shifted his left arm . 
 his hand settled upon a hot welling wetness on the man 's lower back . 
 it streamed over his fingers . 
 blood . 
 gray pivoted on instinct . 
 he hip-rolled to the side and dove off the sidewalk , with the man still clutched in his arms . 
 the thick grass cushioned their fall . 
 gray did n't hear the next shots-but two ricocheting flashes sparked off the concrete sidewalk where he 'd been standing . 
 without stopping , he continued to roll until he reached a metal-and-concrete sign planted in the lawn of the smithsonian castle . 
 it stood only waist high . 
 he huddled behind it with the old man . 
 the sign read : smithsonian information center in the castle . 
 gray certainly needed information . 
 like who was shooting at him . 
 the solid sign stood between him and the mall . 
 it offered temporary shelter . 
 only ten yards away , the arched doors of a side entrance of the smithsonian castle beckoned . 
 the building itself rose in turrets and towers of red sandstone , all quarried from seneca creek , maryland , a true norman castle , a literal fortress . 
 the protection it offered lay only a few steps away , but to cross that open distance would leave them exposed to the sniper . 
 instead , gray yanked a pistol-a compact sig sauer p229-from the holster at his back . 
 not that he had a target . 
 still , he readied his weapon in case there was any direct assault . 
 at gray 's side , the homeless man groaned . 
 blood soaked his entire back . 
 gray frowned at the man 's continuing misfortune in life . 
 the poor sack had come seeking a bit of charity and got a bullet in the back instead , collateral damage in an assassination attempt against gray . 
 but who was trying to kill him ? 
 and why ? 
 the homeless man lifted a palsied arm , failing with each ragged breath . 
 from the entry point and amount of blood , the shot had struck a kidney , a fatal wound for one so debilitated . 
 the man reached to gray 's thigh . 
 his fingers opened to drop the tarnished coin he had been holding . 
 he had somehow kept his grip on it . 
 the coin bounced off gray 's leg and rolled to the grass . 
 a final gift . 
 a bit of charity returned . 
 with the deed done , the homeless man 's limbs went slack . 
 his head fell to gray 's shoulder . 
 gray swore under his breath . 
 sorry , old man . 
 his other hand freed his cell phone . 
 thumbing it open , he hit an emergency speed-dial button . 
 it was answered immediately . 
 gray spoke rapidly , calling a mayday into central command . 
 `` help 's on the way , '' his director announced . 
 `` we have you on camera outside the castle . 
 seeing lots of blood . 
 are you injured ? '' 
 `` no , '' he answered curtly . 
 `` stay put . '' 
 gray did n't argue . 
 so far no further shots had been fired . 
 no ringing impacts against the sheltering sign . 
 there was a good chance the shooter had already fled . 
 still , gray dared not move-not until the cavalry arrived . 
 pocketing his cell phone , gray retrieved the man 's coin from the grass . 
 it was heavy , thick , crudely minted . 
 he lifted it and absently rubbed at its surface . 
 using the dead man 's blood on his fingers , he polished the grime off the surface to reveal an image of what appeared to be a greek or roman temple , six pillars under a peaked roof . 
 what the hell ? 
 in the coin 's center stood a single letter . 
 gray thought it was the greek letter ? . 
 sigma . 
 in mathematics , the letter sigma represented the sum of all parts , but it was also the emblem for the organization gray worked for : sigma , an elite team of ex-special forces soldiers who had been retrained in scientific fields to serve as a covert military arm for darpa , the defense department 's advanced research projects agency . 
 gray glanced to the castle . 
 sigma 's headquarters were here , buried beneath the foundations of the smithsonian castle in former world war ii bunkers . 
 it was perfectly situated to take advantage of the proximity to the halls of government , the pentagon , and the various private and national laboratories . 
 focusing back on the coin , gray suddenly realized his mistake . 
 the letter was not a greek ? 
 - but merely a large capital e . 
 in his panic , his eyes had played tricks , seeing what had been forefront in his mind . 
 he closed his fist over the coin . 
 just an e . 
 it was n't the first time in the past few weeks that gray had assumed connections that were n't there-or at least that was the consensus among his colleagues . 
 for a solid month , gray had been searching for some confirmation that a lost friend , monk kokkalis , could still be alive . 
 but so far , even utilizing the full resources of sigma , he had reached only dead ends . 
 chasing ghosts , painter crowe had warned after the first weeks . 
 maybe he was . 
 across the way , doors crashed open in the front of the castle . 
 a dozen black-suited figures fled outward with weapons raised , clutched near shoulders in double grips . 
 the cavalry . 
 they moved cautiously , but no one fired shots at them . 
 they reached gray 's side quickly and flanked around protectively . 
 one of the men fell to a knee beside the homeless man . 
 he dropped a paramedic 's pack , ready to offer aid . 
 `` i think he 's gone , '' gray warned . 
 the medic checked for a pulse , confirming gray 's assessment . 
 dead . 
 gray climbed to his feet . 
 he was surprised to see his boss , painter crowe , at the side entrance . 
 jacketless , his sleeves rolled to the elbows , director crowe shoved through the door . 
 his expression was stormy . 
 though ten years older than gray , painter still moved like a lean-muscled wolf . 
 the director must have assessed the risk to be minimal . 
 or maybe , like gray , he merely sensed that the sniper had already fled . 
 still , what did n't the man understand about desk job ? 
 painter crossed to him as sirens sounded from the distance . 
 `` i have local p.d. locking down the mall , '' he said in clipped tones . 
 `` too little , too late . '' 
 `` most likely . 
 still , ballistics will narrow down a trajectory radius . 
 figure out from where the shots were fired . 
 was anyone following you ? '' 
 gray shook his head . 
 `` not that i could assess . '' 
 gray read the calculations in the director 's eyes as he surveyed the mall . 
 who would attempt to assassinate gray ? 
 on their own doorstep . 
 it was a clear warning , but against what ? 
 gray had not been active in any operation since the last mission in cambodia . 
 `` we already pulled your parents into security , '' painter said . 
 `` just as a precaution . '' 
 gray nodded , grateful for that . 
 though he could imagine his father was not too happy . 
 nor his mother . 
 they had barely recovered from a brutal kidnapping two months ago . 
 still , with the immediate threat waning , gray turned his attention to who might have tried to kill him-and more important , why . 
 one possibility rose to the forefront : his current line of inquiry . 
 had his investigation into his friend 's fate struck a nerve somewhere ? 
 despite the death here , hope flared in gray . 
 `` director , could the assassination - ? '' 
 painter held up a hand as his brows pinched with worry . 
 he sank to one knee beside the homeless man and gently turned his face . 
 after a moment , he sat back on his heel , his eyes narrowed . 
 he looked more worried . 
 `` what is it , sir ? '' 
 `` i do n't think you were the target , gray . '' 
 gray glanced to the sidewalk and remembered the sparking strikes at his heels . 
 `` at least not the primary target , '' the director continued . 
 `` the sniper may have tried to eliminate you as a witness . '' 
 `` how can you be so sure ? '' 
 painter nodded to the dead body . 
 `` i know this man . '' 
 shock rang through him . 
 `` his name is archibald polk . 
 professor of neurology at m.i.t. '' gray cast a skeptical eye upon the man 's jaundiced pallor , the grime , the scrabbled beard , but the director sounded certain . 
 if true , the fellow plainly had fallen on hard times . 
 `` how the hell did he end up like this ? '' 
 he asked . 
 painter stood and shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 we 've been out of touch for a decade . 
 but the more important question : why would someone want him dead ? '' 
 gray stared down at the body . 
 he readjusted his own internal assessment . 
 gray should have been relieved to learn he was n't a target of an assassin , but if painter was correct , then gray 's investigation had nothing to do with the attack . 
 anger surfaced again-along with a certain sense of responsibility . 
 the man had died in gray 's arms . 
 `` he must have been coming here , '' painter mumbled and glanced to the castle . 
 `` to see me . 
 but why ? '' 
 gray held out his hand , remembering the man 's urgency . 
 the ancient coin rested on his bloody palm . 
 `` he may have wanted you to have this . '' 
 2:02 p.m. . 
 as sirens sounded in the distance , the elderly man walked slowly down pennsylvania avenue . 
 he was dressed in a dusty gray suit . 
 he carried a beat-up traveling valise on one side and held the hand of a girl on the other . 
 the nine-year-old child wore a dress that matched the older man 's suit . 
 her dark hair was tied back from her pale face with a red ribbon . 
 the polish on her black shoes was marred by a drying splash of mud from the playground where she 'd been playing before being picked up a moment ago . 
 `` papa , did you find your friend ? '' 
 she asked in russian . 
 he squeezed her hand and answered in a tired voice . 
 `` yes , i did , sasha . 
 but remember , english , my dear . '' 
 she shuffled her feet a bit at the reprimand , then continued . 
 `` was he happy to see you ? '' 
 he flashed back to the sight through the sniper rifle 's scope , the fall of the body . 
 `` yes , he was . 
 he was quite surprised . '' 
 `` can we go home now ? 
 marta misses me . '' 
 `` soon . '' 
 `` how soon ? '' 
 she asked petulantly and scratched at her ear . 
 a glint of steel flashed through her dark hair where she itched . 
 he released her hand and gently pulled her arm down from her ear . 
 he smoothed her hair with a pat . 
 `` i have one more stop . 
 then we 'll head home . '' 
 he neared tenth street . 
 the building rose on his right , an ugly box built of slabs of concrete that someone attempted to decorate with a row of flags . 
 he turned toward its entrance . 
 his destination . 
 the headquarters for the federal bureau of investigation . 
 3:46 p.m. . 
 a rattling buzzed from inside gray 's locker . 
 he hurried forward , half slipping on the wet floor . 
 fresh from the shower , he wore only a towel around his waist . 
 after debriefing director crowe on the details of the shooting , he had retreated to the locker room in the lowest levels of sigma 's bunkers . 
 he had already taken one shower , followed by a rigorous hour in the gym working free weights-then showered again . 
 the exertion had helped settle his mind . 
 but not completely . 
 not until he had some answers about the murder . 
 reaching his locker , he tugged the door open and caught his blackberry as it rattled across the bottom of the metal locker . 
 it had to be director crowe . 
 as his fingers closed on it , the vibration ceased . 
 he 'd missed the call . 
 he checked the log and frowned . 
 it was not painter crowe . 
 the screen read : r. trypol . 
 he had almost forgotten . 
 captain ron trypol of naval intelligence . 
 the captain had been overseeing the salvage operations at the indonesian island of pusat . 
 he had a report due today on his assessment of raising the sunken cruise ship , the mistress of the seas . 
 he had two navy submersibles on site , searching the wreckage and surrounding area . 
 but gray had a more personal interest in the search . 
 the island of pusat was where his friend and partner , monk kokkalis , had last been seen , spotted as he was dragged under the sea by a weighted net , tangled and caught . 
 captain trypol had agreed to look for monk 's body . 
 the captain was a good friend and former colleague of monk 's widow , kat bryant . 
 this morning , gray had gone over to the national maritime intelligence center in suitland , maryland , hoping to hear any word . 
 he had been rebuffed , told to wait until after the full debriefing . 
 it was why he had been storming back here , prepared to demand that the director pressure the navy . 
 flushed with a twinge of guilt for having set aside his cause , gray hit the callback button and lifted the phone to his ear . 
 as he waited for the connection to nmic , he sank to a bench and stared at the locker on the opposite side . 
 written in black marker across a strip of duct tape was the name of the locker 's former owner . 
 kokkalis . 
 though monk was surely dead , no one wanted to remove the tape . 
 it was a silent hope . 
 if only sustained by gray . 
 he owed his friend . 
 monk had climbed through the ranks of sigma alongside gray . 
 his friend had been recruited from the green berets at the same time as gray had been pulled from leavenworth prison , where he 'd been incarcerated after striking a superior officer during his stint with the army rangers . 
 they had become quick friends , if not a bit of an odd couple at sigma . 
 monk stood only a few inches over five feet , a shaven-headed pit bull compared to gray 's taller , leaner physique . 
 but the true difference lay deeper than mere appearance . 
 monk 's easygoing manner had slowly tempered the uncompromising steel of gray 's heart . 
 if not for monk 's friendship , gray would have certainly washed out of sigma , as he had the army rangers . 
 as he waited , gray pictured his former partner . 
 they 'd been through countless scrapes together over the years . 
 monk bore the puckered bullet wounds and scars to prove it . 
 he had even lost his left hand during one mission , replaced with a prosthetic one . 
 as he sat , gray could still hear the barking bellow of monk 's laugh ... or the quiet intensity of his voice , revealing the man 's genius-level i.q. , disciplined in forensic medicine and science . 
 how could someone so large and vital be gone ? 
 without a trace ? 
 the phone finally clicked in his ear . 
 `` captain ron trypol , '' a stern voice answered . 
 `` captain , it 's gray pierce . '' 
 `` ah , commander . 
 good . 
 i had hoped to reach you this afternoon . 
 i do n't have much time before my next meeting . '' 
 gray already heard the dire overtones . 
 `` captain ? '' 
 `` i 'll get to the point . 
 i 've been ordered to call off the search . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` we were able to recover twenty-two bodies . 
 dental records show none of them to be your man . '' 
 `` only twenty-two ? '' 
 even by conservative estimates , that was only a small fraction of the dead . 
 `` i know , commander . 
 but recovery efforts were already hampered by the extreme depths and pressures . 
 the entire bottom of the lagoon is riddled with caverns and lava tubes , many extending miles in tangled mazes . '' 
 `` still , with - '' `` commander . '' 
 the man 's tone was firm . 
 `` we lost a diver two days ago . 
 a good man with a family and two children . '' 
 gray closed his eyes , knowing the ache of that loss . 
 `` to search the caves only risks more men . 
 and for what ? '' 
 gray remained silent . 
 `` commander pierce , i assume you have n't heard any more word . 
 no further cryptic messages ? '' 
 gray sighed . 
 to gain the captain 's cooperation , he had related the one message he had received ... or possibly received . 
 it had occurred weeks after monk had vanished . 
 following the events that occurred at the island , the only piece of his friend to be salvaged had been his prosthetic hand , a state-of-the-art piece of biotechnology built by darpa engineers , which included a built-in wireless radio interface . 
 while transporting the disembodied hand to monk 's funeral , the prosthetic fingers had begun to tap out a weak s.o.s. . 
 it had lasted only a few seconds-and only gray had heard it . 
 then it had gone silent . 
 technicians had examined the hand and concluded it was most likely a mere glitch . 
 the hand 's digital log showed no incoming signal . 
 it was just a malfunction . 
 nothing more . 
 an electrical ghost-in-the-machine . 
 still , gray had refused to give up-even as week after week passed . 
 `` commander ? '' 
 trypol said . 
 `` no , '' gray admitted sullenly . 
 `` there 's been no further word . '' 
 trypol paused , then spoke more slowly . 
 `` then perhaps it 's time to lay this to rest , commander . 
 for everyone 's sake . '' 
 his voice softened at the edges . 
 `` and what about kat ? 
 your man 's wife . 
 what does she have to say about all this ? '' 
 it was a sore point . 
 gray wished he 'd never mentioned it to her . 
 but how could he not ? 
 monk was her husband ; they had a little girl together , penelope . 
 still , maybe it had been the wrong thing to do . 
 kat had listened to gray 's story with a stoic expression . 
 she stood in her black funeral dress , ramrod straight , her eyes sunken with grief . 
 she knew it was a thin lifeline , only a frail hope . 
 she had glanced to penelope in the car seat of the black limousine , then back to gray . 
 she did n't say a word , only shook her head once . 
 she could not grasp that lifeline . 
 she could not survive losing monk a second time . 
 it would destroy her when she was already this fragile . 
 and she had penelope to consider , her own piece of monk . 
 true flesh and blood . 
 not some phantom hope . 
 he had understood . 
 so he had continued his investigation on his own . 
 he had not spoken to kat since that day . 
 it was a silent , mutual pact between them . 
 she did not want to hear from him until the matter was resolved one way or the other . 
 gray 's mother , though , spent several afternoons with kat and the baby . 
 his mother knew nothing about the s.o.s. , but she had sensed that something was wrong with kat . 
 haunted , that was how his mother had described kat . 
 and gray knew what haunted her . 
 despite what kat had decided that day , she had grasped that lifeline . 
 what the mind attempted to set aside , the heart could not . 
 and it was torturing her . 
 for her sake , for monk 's family , gray needed to face a harsh reality . 
 `` thank you for your efforts , captain , '' gray finally mumbled . 
 `` you did right by him , commander . 
 know that . 
 but eventually we have to move on . '' 
 gray cleared his throat . 
 `` my condolences for the loss of your man , sir . '' 
 `` and the same to you . '' 
 gray ended the connection . 
 he stood for a long breath . 
 finally , he stepped over to the opposite locker , placed a palm on its cold metal surface , as cold as a grave . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 he reached up , peeled a corner of the duct tape , and ripped it away . 
 gray was done chasing ghosts . 
 good-bye , monk . 
 4:02 p.m. painter spun the ancient coin atop his desk . 
 he watched the silver flash as he concentrated on the mystery it represented . 
 it had been returned from the lab half an hour ago . 
 he had read the detailed report that had accompanied it . 
 the coin had been laser-mapped for fingerprints , both its metallic content and surface soot had been analyzed with a mass spectrometer , and a multitude of photographs had been taken , including some taken with a stereo-microscope . 
 the coin 's spinning slowed , and it toppled to the mahogany desktop . 
 carefully cleaned , the ancient image on the surface shone brightly . 
 a greek temple supported by six doric pillars . 
 in the center of the temple rested a large letter . 
 e the greek letter epsilon . 
 on the opposite side was the bust of a woman with the words diva faustina written below it . 
 from the report , at least the origin of the coin was no longer a mystery . 
 but what did - ? 
 his intercom chimed . 
 `` director crowe , commander pierce has arrived . '' 
 `` very good . 
 send him in , brant . '' 
 painter pulled the research report closer to him as the door swung open . 
 gray stepped through , his black hair wet and combed . 
 he had changed out of his bloody clothes and wore a green t-shirt with army emblazoned on the front , along with black jeans and boots . 
 as he entered , painter noted a shadow over the man 's features , but also a certain weary resolve in his gray-blue eyes . 
 painter could guess the reason . 
 he had already heard from the office of naval intelligence through his own channels . 
 painter waved gray to a seat . 
 as he sat , the man 's attention noted the coin on his desk . 
 a flicker of curiosity flared . 
 good . 
 painter shifted the coin toward gray . 
 `` commander , i know you asked for an indeterminate leave of absence , but i 'd like you to take the lead on this case . '' 
 gray made no move to take the coin . 
 `` may i ask a question first , sir ? '' 
 painter nodded . 
 `` the dead man . 
 the professor . '' 
 `` archibald polk . '' 
 `` you mentioned that he must have been on his way here . 
 to see you . '' 
 painter nodded . 
 he suspected where the line of questioning was leading . 
 `` so professor polk was familiar with sigma ? 
 despite the top secret clearance for such knowledge , he knew about our organization ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 in a manner of speaking . '' 
 gray 's brow crinkled . 
 `` what manner is that ? '' 
 `` archibald polk invented sigma . '' 
 painter took a small measure of satisfaction in the man 's surprise . 
 gray needed a little shaking up . 
 the man sat up straighter in his chair . 
 painter held up a hand . 
 `` i 've answered your question , gray . 
 so now you answer mine . 
 will you take the lead on this case ? '' 
 `` after the professor was shot in front of me , i want answers as much as anyone . '' 
 `` and what about your ... extracurricular activities ? '' 
 a wince of pain narrowed gray 's eyes . 
 the planes of his face seemed to grow harder as a part of him clenched internally . 
 `` i assume you 've heard , sir . '' 
 `` yes . 
 the navy has discontinued its search . '' 
 gray took a deep breath . 
 `` i 've pursued all angles . 
 there 's nothing more i can do . 
 i admit that . '' 
 `` and do you think monk is still alive ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` and you can live with that ? '' 
 gray met his gaze , unflinching . 
 `` i 'll have to . '' 
 painter nodded , satisfied . 
 `` then let 's talk about this coin . '' 
 gray reached out and took the coin from the desktop . 
 turning it in his fingers , he examined its freshly cleaned surfaces . 
 `` were you able to determine much about it ? '' 
 `` quite a bit . 
 it 's a roman coin minted during the second century . 
 take a look at the woman 's portrait on the back . 
 that 's faustina the elder , wife of the roman emperor antoninus pius . 
 she was a patron of orphaned girls and sponsored many women 's charities . 
 she also had a fascination with a sisterhood of sibyls , prophetic women from a temple in greece . '' 
 painter waved for gray to turn the coin over . 
 `` that 's the temple on the other side . 
 the temple of delphi . '' 
 `` as in the oracle of delphi ? 
 the female prophets ? '' 
 `` the same . '' 
 the coin 's report on painter 's desk included a historical sheet about the oracle , detailing how these women would inhale hallucinogenic fumes and answer questions of the future from supplicants . 
 but their prophecies were more than just fortune-telling , for these women had a great impact on the ancient world . 
 over the course of a millennium , the oracle 's prophecies played a role in freeing thousands of slaves , setting the seeds of western democracy , and elevating the sanctity of human life . 
 some claimed their words were pivotal at lifting greece out from barbarism and toward modern civilization . 
 `` but what about the big e in the center of the temple ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` i assume the letter is greek , too . 
 epsilon . '' 
 `` yes . 
 that 's also from the oracle 's temple . 
 there were a couple cryptic inscriptions in the temple : gnothi seauton , which translates - '' `` know thyself , '' gray answered . 
 painter nodded . 
 he had to remind himself that gray was well versed in ancient philosophies . 
 when painter had first recruited him out of leavenworth prison , gray had been studying both advanced chemistry and taoism . 
 it was this very uniqueness of his mind that had intrigued painter from the start . 
 but such distinctiveness came with a price . 
 gray did not always play well with others , as he had demonstrated amply these past weeks . 
 it was good to see him focusing on the here and now again . 
 `` then there was that mysterious e , '' painter continued , nodding to the coin . 
 `` it lay carved in the temple 's inner sanctum . '' 
 `` but what does it mean ? '' 
 painter shrugged . 
 `` no one knows . 
 not even the greeks . 
 historians going all the way back to the ancient greek scholar plutarch have speculated at its significance . 
 the current thought among modern historians is that there used to be two letters . 
 a g and an e , representing the earth goddess , gaia . 
 the earliest temple at delphi was built to worship gaia . '' 
 `` still , if the meaning is so mysterious , why depict it on the coin ? '' 
 painter slid the report across his desk toward gray . 
 `` you can read more about it in here . 
 over time , the oracle 's e became a symbol for a cult of prophecy . 
 it 's depicted in paintings throughout the ages , including nicolas poussin 's ordination , where it 's inscribed above christ 's head as he hands the keys of heaven to peter . 
 the symbol is supposed to mark a time of great and fundamental change in the world , usually brought about by a single individual , whether that be the oracle of delphi or jesus of nazareth . '' 
 gray left the papers on the desk and shook his head . 
 `` but what does all this have to do with the dead man ? '' 
 gray lifted the silver coin . 
 `` was this valuable ? 
 worth killing over ? '' 
 painter shook his head . 
 `` not especially . 
 it 's of moderate value , but nothing spectacular . '' 
 `` then what - ? '' 
 the intercom 's buzz cut him off . 
 `` director crowe , i 'm sorry to interrupt , '' his assistant said over the speaker . 
 `` what is it , brant ? '' 
 `` i have an urgent call from dr. jennings down in the pathology lab . 
 he 's asking for an immediate teleconference . '' 
 `` fine . 
 queue it up on monitor one . '' 
 gray stood , ready to leave , but painter waved him down , then swung his chair around . 
 his office , buried in the subterranean bunker , had no windows , but it did have three large wall-mounted plasma screens . 
 his private windows on the world . 
 they were presently dark , but the monitor on the left flickered to life . 
 painter found himself staring into one of the pathology labs . 
 in the foreground stood dr. malcolm jennings . 
 the sixty-year-old chief of randd for sigma was dressed in surgical scrubs and had a clear plastic face-shield tilted atop his head . 
 behind him spread one of the pathology suites : sealed concrete floor , rows of digital scales , and in the center a body rested on the table , respectfully covered with a sheet . 
 professor archibald polk . 
 it had taken a few calls to get his body released to sigma versus the city 's morgue , but malcolm jennings was a well-regarded forensic pathologist . 
 but from the grim set to the man 's lips , something was wrong . 
 `` what is it , malcolm ? '' 
 `` i had to quarantine the laboratory . '' 
 painter did n't like the sound of that . 
 `` a contagious concern ? '' 
 `` no , but there is definitely a concern . 
 let me show you . '' 
 he stepped out of view of the camera , but his voice carried to them . 
 `` from the preliminary physical exam , i was already suspicious . 
 i discovered patches of hair loss , eroded teeth enamel , and burns on his skin . 
 if the man had n't been shot , i wager he would 've been dead in a matter of days . '' 
 `` what are you saying , malcolm ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 he must not have heard . 
 the pathologist stepped back into view , but now he wore a heavier , weighted apron . 
 he carried a device that trailed a black wand . 
 gray stood and shifted closer to the monitor . 
 dr. jennings waved the black wand over the dead man . 
 the device in his other hand erupted with a furious clicking . 
 the pathologist turned to face the camera . 
 `` this body is radioactive . '' 
 2 september 5 , 5:25 p.m. washington , d.c. out in the steaming swelter again , gray strode down the sidewalk in front of the smithsonian castle . 
 the national mall spread to the left , mostly deserted due to the heat . 
 behind gray , crime tape still marked off the site of the afternoon 's murder . 
 the forensics unit had finished its sweep , but the area was still locked down , under the eye of a posted d.c. policeman . 
 gray walked east along jefferson drive . 
 he was shadowed by a large bodyguard , whom he was doing his best to ignore . 
 he had not asked for any protection , especially this man . 
 he touched the mike at his throat and subvocalized into it . 
 `` i 've found a trail . '' 
 the fizzle of a reply rasped out of his wireless earpiece . 
 cocking his head , gray seated it better . 
 `` say again , '' he whispered . 
 `` can you follow the trail ? '' 
 painter crowe asked . 
 `` yes ... but i do n't know for how long . 
 the readings are weak . '' 
 gray had suggested his current plan of action . 
 he studied the device in his hand , a gamma-scout portable radiation detector . 
 its halogen-filled geiger-muller tube was sensitive enough to pick up trace radiation , especially when attuned to the specific strontium 90 isotope detected in polk 's body . 
 gray had hoped that a residual trace signature might have been left behind , the radiological equivalent of a scent trail . 
 and it seemed to be working . 
 `` do your best , gray . 
 any information on the professor 's whereabouts these past days could be crucial . 
 i already have a call in to his daughter , but i 've been unable to reach her . '' 
 `` i 'll follow this as far as i can . '' 
 gray continued down the sidewalk , monitoring the detector . 
 `` i 'll report in if i discover anything . '' 
 gray signed off and continued alongside the national mall . 
 after another half block , the signal suddenly died on his device . 
 swearing , he stopped , retreated , and bumped into the bodyguard shadowing him . 
 `` damn it , pierce , '' the man grumbled . 
 `` i just polished these shoes . '' 
 gray glanced over a shoulder to the muscled mountain behind him . 
 joe kowalski , a former seaman with the navy , was dressed in a sportcoat and slacks . 
 both fit him poorly . 
 with hair razored to a black stubble and a nose knotted by an old break , he looked more like a shaved gorilla forced into a wrinkled suit . 
 kowalski bent down and used the cuff of his sportcoat to polish up his shoe . 
 `` i paid three hundred bucks for these . 
 they 're chain stitch chukkas imported from england . 
 i had to special order them in my size . '' 
 cocking an eyebrow , gray glanced up from his gamma-scout reader . 
 kowalski seemed to realize he might have said too much . 
 his expression turned sheepish . 
 `` okay . 
 i like shoes . 
 so what ? 
 i had a date , but ... well ... she canceled . '' 
 smart lady . 
 `` sorry about that , '' gray offered aloud . 
 `` well ... at least they 're not scratched , '' kowalski said . 
 `` i meant sorry about being stood up . '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` her loss . '' 
 gray did n't bother arguing . 
 he returned his attention to his handheld reader and turned in a slow circle . 
 a step to the right , he caught the radioactive scent again . 
 it angled away from the sidewalk and trailed across the grassy mall . 
 `` this way . '' 
 the professor 's route took them through the mall 's sculpture garden across from the hirshhorn museum . 
 gray followed polk 's steps into the shady , sunken oasis , and out again . 
 beyond the garden , polk 's path continued across the mall , edging alongside the tents of a labor day media event that was still being dismantled . 
 gray glanced back to the sunken garden , studying the professor 's path . 
 `` he was trying to keep out of sight . '' 
 `` or maybe the guy was just hot , '' kowalski countered , wiping his sweaty brow . 
 gray searched around . 
 to the west , the washington monument pointed toward the blistering sun ; to the east rose the dome of the u.s. capitol building . 
 needing answers , gray continued . 
 the digital readout on the gamma-scout slowly faded as he crossed the mall . 
 with each step , he watched the millirems of radiation ticking downward . 
 reaching the far side of the mall , gray hurried across madison drive . 
 he picked up the trail again as it entered another park . 
 the signal grew stronger as gray neared a shadowy copse of red-twig dogwood and natchez crape myrtles . 
 a bench stood next to a knee-high bed of hydrangeas . 
 gray stepped to the bench . 
 in the secluded spot , the millirems ticked up higher again . 
 had polk waited here ? 
 was that why the residual radiation trace was stronger ? 
 gray shifted a flowering branch of a crape myrtle and found a wide view of the mall stretching ahead , including a straight-on view of the smithsonian castle . 
 had the professor waited here until he thought it was safe ? 
 gray squinted against the glare of the sun . 
 he remembered malcolm 's diagnosis , the debilitation , the wasting . 
 polk had been on his last legs . 
 desperation must have finally drawn him out . 
 why ? 
 gray began to step away when kowalski cleared his throat . 
 he was on one knee , dusting a shoe , but his other arm reached under the bench . 
 `` look at this , '' he said and stood . 
 turning , he held a tiny pair of binoculars . 
 gray shifted the detector closer to the scopes . 
 the readings spiked higher . 
 `` they 're hot . '' 
 kowalski grimaced and thrust out the binoculars by their neck strap . 
 `` take 'em , take 'em . '' 
 gray retrieved the binoculars . 
 his partner 's fears were baseless . 
 while there was radiation , it was only moderately worse than the usual background radiation . 
 turning , gray lifted the binoculars and peered through them toward the castle . 
 the view of the building swelled . 
 he watched a figure pass along the front . 
 through the scopes , he made out the pedestrian 's features . 
 gray recalled polk 's urgency when they 'd neared each other . 
 he 'd dismissed it as a panhandler 's desperation for a bit of charity . 
 he now suspected polk had recognized him . 
 maybe it was n't solely desperation that had drawn him out . 
 had he spotted gray crossing the mall and come out of hiding to intercept him ? 
 gray dropped the binoculars into the lead-lined bag hung at his waist . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 out of the copse of trees , gray followed the trail west along madison drive to a set of steps . 
 the trail turned up them . 
 gray lifted his head and found himself facing the mall entrance to one of the smithsonian 's most famous museums : the national museum of natural history . 
 it housed a massive collection of artifacts from around the world-ecological , geological , and archaeological-ranging from tiny fossils to a full-scale t-rex . 
 gray craned his neck . 
 the museum 's dome loomed above a triangular portico supported by six giant corinthian pillars . 
 staring upward , he was suddenly struck by how much the museum 's facade looked like the greek temple on the professor 's coin . 
 could there be a connection ? 
 before he followed the trail inside , he knew he 'd better report in with central command . 
 stepping off to the side , he leaned on the stone balustrade and switched on his encrypted radio . 
 he reached director crowe immediately . 
 `` have you found something ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 gray kept his voice to a faint whisper . 
 `` looks like the professor 's trail leads inside the smithsonian 's natural history museum . '' 
 `` the museum ... ? '' 
 `` i 'll continue the search inside . 
 but was there any connection between him and this place ? '' 
 `` not that i 'm aware . 
 but i 'll check into past associates . '' 
 gray remembered an earlier snippet of conversation about dr. polk 's past . 
 `` director crowe , one other thing . 
 you never did explain something . '' 
 `` what 's that , commander ? '' 
 `` you said the professor invented sigma force . 
 what did you mean by that ? '' 
 silence stretched for a bit , then painter continued . 
 `` gray , what do you know about an organization called the jasons ? '' 
 taken aback by the odd question , gray could not even fathom the context . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` the jasons are a scientific think tank formed back during the cold war . 
 they included leaders in their respective fields , many nobel prize winners . 
 they banded together to offer advice to the military elite about technological projects . '' 
 `` and professor polk was a member ? '' 
 `` he was . 
 over the years , the jasons proved to be of great value to the military . 
 they met each summer and brainstormed on new innovations . 
 and to answer your question , it was during one such meeting that archibald polk suggested the formation of a militarized team of investigators to serve darpa , to act as field operatives for the agency . '' 
 `` and so sigma was born . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 but i 'm not sure any of this is significant in regard to his murder . 
 from what i 've heard so far , polk 's not been active with the jasons for years . '' 
 gray stared up at the towering greek facade . 
 `` maybe one of his fellow jasons worked here at the museum ? 
 maybe that 's why he came ? '' 
 `` that 's a good point of investigation . 
 i 'll look into it , but it might take some time to root out . 
 over these past few years , their organization has become more and more secretive . 
 divided among various top secret projects , jasons do n't even know what other jasons are doing nowadays . 
 but i 'll keep making calls . '' 
 `` and i 'll keep following this trail . '' 
 he signed off and waved to kowalski . 
 `` c'mon . 
 we 're going inside . '' 
 `` about time we got out of the goddamn sun . '' 
 gray did n't argue . 
 stepping through the doors , he appreciated the shadowy , air-conditioned interior . 
 the museum was free to the public , but gray flashed his glossy black i.d. card to the guard who manned the metal detector . 
 he was waved through . 
 pushing into the main rotunda , gray was struck by the sheer size of the space . 
 the rotunda was octagonal in shape and rose three stories , each level lined by more pillars , leading to the massive guastavino-tiled dome . 
 sunlight streamed through clerestory windows and a central oculus . 
 closer at hand , in the center of the rotunda , stood one of the museum 's mascots , an eight-ton african bull elephant . 
 it posed with raised trunk and curved tusks amid a field of dry grass . 
 polk 's path led around the elephant and toward a public staircase . 
 as gray followed , he noted a banner hung high on the wall to the left . 
 it advertised an exhibit opening next month . 
 it depicted the head of medusa , her hair wild with twisting snakes , reflected on a circular shield . 
 staring upward , gray 's feet slowed . 
 he pictured polk 's strange coin as he read the name of the upcoming exhibit , sensing he was on the right track . 
 lost mysteries of greek mythology 6:32 p.m. . 
 in the darkened room , the two men stared through the one-way glass into a child 's playroom . 
 they sat in leather club chairs , while behind them climbed four rows of stadium seating , all empty at the moment . 
 this was a private meeting . 
 beyond the mirrored glass , the neighboring room was brightly lit . 
 the walls were painted white , with just the barest hint of sky blue , a color that from psychological statistics was supposed to encourage a calming , meditative state . 
 it held a daybed with a flowered comforter , an open box of toys , and a child-size desk . 
 the older of the two men sat straight in his seat . 
 at his side was a scuffed valise that held a disassembled dragunov sniper rifle . 
 the other man , at fifty-seven years of age , was twenty years younger than his russian companion . 
 he slouched in a pressed suit . 
 his eyes were fixed on the girl as she stood in front of a plastic easel and shuffled through a tray of pastel felt markers . 
 she had spent the last half hour meticulously drawing a rectangle in green upon the white sheet of butcher paper attached to the easel . 
 she had run the marker around and around in a hypnotically rhythmic pattern . 
 `` dr. raev , '' the man said , `` i do n't mean to harp , but are you absolutely certain dr. polk did not have it on his person ? '' 
 dr. yuri raev sighed . 
 `` i have spent my life on this project . '' 
 and my soul , he added silently . 
 `` i will not have it ruined when we are so close . '' 
 `` so then where is it ? 
 we turned over that cheap motel he stayed in last night . 
 nothing . 
 it would raise too many questions if it should end up in unfriendly hands . '' 
 yuri glanced at the man in the neighboring seat . 
 john mapplethorpe , a division chief for the defense intelligence agency , had a long face with sagging jowls and bags under his eyes , as if he were made of candle wax and been left too long in the sun . 
 even the dye he used on his hair was too dark , too obvious a vanity for his age . 
 not that yuri had any right to fault a man for attempting to stem the tide of age . 
 beneath the sag of his own skin , yuri 's body remained toned , his reflexes sharp , and his mind as quick and agile as it ever had been . 
 between injections of androgens and growth hormone , along with vigorous exercise , he fought as adamantly as anyone to hold back time . 
 but it was not vanity that drove him . 
 he stared into the room . 
 no , not vanity . 
 mapplethorpe drummed his fingers on the arm of his chair . 
 `` we must recover what polk stole . '' 
 `` he did not have it with him , '' yuri assured mapplethorpe more forcefully . 
 `` it is too large to conceal on his person , even under a jacket . 
 i was fortunate to stop him when i did . 
 before he spoke to anyone . '' 
 `` i hope you 're right . 
 for all our sakes . '' 
 mapplethorpe turned his attention back to the room . 
 `` and she was able to track him ? 
 all the way from russia . '' 
 yuri nodded . 
 fatherly pride entered his voice . 
 `` with her and her twin brother , we may have finally breached the barrier . '' 
 `` too bad she could n't have been quicker . '' 
 mapplethorpe made a dismissive sound . 
 `` my brother-in-law 's daughter has an autistic boy . 
 did i ever tell you that ? 
 but he 's not an idiot savant . 
 he can hardly tie his shoes . '' 
 yuri bristled . 
 `` the preferable term is autistic savant . '' 
 the other man shrugged . 
 yuri 's distaste for the american continued to grow . 
 like mapplethorpe , few people really understood autism , even in the medical profession . 
 yuri knew the disorder intimately . 
 it was in fact a spectrum of disorders , characterized by weaknesses in communication skills and social interaction , along with abnormal responses to sensations . 
 this led tragically to children with delayed and compromised language and speech abilities , repetitive motor mannerisms and tics , preoccupation with objects , and often dysfunctional ways of relating to events or people . 
 but sometimes such a disorder generated miracles . 
 in rare instances , an autistic child demonstrated an astonishing brilliance in a narrow specialized field , such as mathematics , music , or art . 
 and while 10 percent of autistic children demonstrated some degree of such savant talent , what interested yuri were those rarest of individuals , known as prodigious savants , those few who arose with talent that stretched the very definition of genius . 
 worldwide , there were fewer than forty such individuals . 
 but even among such exceptional individuals , a handful rose who dwarfed the others . 
 they arose from one genetic line . 
 an old gypsy word echoed in his head . 
 chovihanis . 
 yuri stared through the window at the dark-haired girl . 
 mapplethorpe mumbled beside him . 
 `` we must not let anyone catch a hint of what we 're doing . 
 or the nuremberg nazi trials will look like traffic court . '' 
 yuri did n't respond . 
 mapplethorpe barely comprehended the full scope of his research . 
 but after the berlin wall fell , yuri had needed new resources to continue his work . 
 it took a full decade to slowly test the waters in america . 
 it seemed hopeless ; then the political climate suddenly changed . 
 the global war on terror had forged new alliances and allegiances . 
 enemies became allies . 
 but more important , the boundaries of propriety were breached . 
 it was a new era , with a new morality . 
 an old catchphrase was now law : the ends justified the means . 
 any means . 
 as long as it was for the common good . 
 yuri 's government had known this all along . 
 it was only the americans who were late in facing this harsh reality . 
 `` what 's that girl doing ? '' 
 mapplethorpe asked . 
 yuri snapped out of his own reverie . 
 he stood up . 
 sasha was at the easel , a black felt marker in her hand . 
 her arm flew up and down the stretch of butcher paper . 
 she stabbed and stroked , very angular . 
 there seemed no pattern . 
 she worked one corner , then another . 
 mapplethorpe snorted at the mess . 
 `` i thought you said she was talented in art . '' 
 `` she is . '' 
 sasha continued to work . 
 the rectangle she originally drew in green began to fill with black swirls and swipes . 
 she held her other arm straight out from her body , stiff as a plank , as if she sought to balance herself against some force beyond this world . 
 finally both arms fell to her sides . 
 she turned away from the easel , dropped into a cross-legged crouch , and rocked slightly . 
 her brow was sweaty . 
 she reached to a discarded toy wooden block and began rhythmically turning it in her fingers , as if she were trying to solve some puzzle known only to her . 
 yuri turned his attention to her artwork . 
 mapplethorpe joined him . 
 `` what was that all about ? 
 it 's just gibberish . '' 
 `` nyet . '' 
 yuri accidentally slipped into russian , but he was worried ... very worried . 
 he hurried to the door that led into the next room . 
 mapplethorpe followed . 
 as he entered the child 's room , sasha just rocked and twiddled the block in her fingers . 
 from past experience , yuri knew she would be shut down for a while . 
 he also had learned a thing or two about sasha 's talent . 
 reaching the easel , he ripped the butcher sheet down . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 mapplethorpe asked . 
 yuri turned the drawing upside down and clipped it back onto the easel . 
 sasha sometimes drew in reverse . 
 it was not uncommon among autistic savants . 
 they often experienced the world through very different senses . 
 numbers had sounds . 
 words had smells . 
 yuri glanced over to sasha . 
 her brilliant blue eyes remained fixed on her toy block . 
 yuri turned back and noted mapplethorpe 's amazement . 
 the man drew closer to the drawing . 
 he pointed , wordless with astonishment . 
 finally words tumbled out . 
 `` dear god ... that looks like an elephant in the center . '' 
 yuri stared , too . 
 his heart pounded in his throat . 
 she should n't have been able to do that unless triggered . 
 it had been such sketches that had led them to dr. polk-drawings of the mall , of the smithsonian castle-leading them to set up a sniper 's nest in an unwatched corner of the mall . 
 they 'd had to move quickly , responding in two hours . 
 there was a limit to sasha 's range . 
 mapplethorpe leaned closer . 
 `` the room it 's in . 
 i think i know that place . 
 i took my grandchild there only two weeks ago . 
 it 's the rotunda of the natural history museum . '' 
 yuri frowned . 
 `` the one on the national mall ? '' 
 where his quarry had been hiding for so long today . 
 mapplethorpe nodded . 
 yuri stared toward the mirror and saw only his own reflection . 
 had sasha sensed them back there ? 
 and more important , had she sensed mapplethorpe 's intense worry about what had been stolen by dr. polk ? 
 there was only one way to find out . 
 yuri pointed to the picture and spoke to mapplethorpe . 
 `` i 'd suggest you get your men over there . 
 immediately . '' 
 6:48 p.m. gray continued deeper into the museum . 
 past the central rotunda with its stuffed elephant , polk 's radioactive path led directly to a public stairwell . 
 gray followed it past the next floor and down farther again . 
 it finally ended at a security door marked museum personnel only . 
 no admittance . 
 gray tested the door . 
 it was secured with an electronic lock . 
 it required a magnetic employee card to pass through here . 
 gray frowned . 
 so how did polk get through here ? 
 gray touched his throat mike and patched a call to central command . 
 painter answered immediately . 
 `` commander ? '' 
 `` sir , i need some help . '' 
 gray explained where the trail ended . 
 `` i 'll need access past this point . '' 
 `` hang tight , gray . 
 i 'm going to upgrade your i.d. card 's clearance to encompass the smithsonian museums . '' 
 silence stretched for a bit . 
 gray imagined the director tapping at his computer . 
 next to him , kowalski leaned on the neighboring wall and whistled through his teeth . 
 `` try it now , '' painter finally said . 
 gray swiped his card . 
 he heard the lock 's tumblers release . 
 `` got it . 
 i 'll let you know what we find . '' 
 ending the call , gray ducked through the door and set off into the off-limit spaces of the museum . 
 it was not all that different from the rest of the building , if only slightly more utilitarian : marble floors honed to a lustrous sheen by decades of shuffling feet , wan fluorescent lighting , and wooden doors whose frosted glass windows were etched with scholarly enterprises . 
 entomology , invertebrate zoology , paleobiology , botany . 
 the trail led through the maze-then the readings jostled higher as they approached an unmarked door . 
 gray waved the gamma-scout reader toward its handle . 
 the digital numbers spiked . 
 stepping back , gray noted a fainter trail continued down the hall . 
 the hallway ahead ended at a cavernous space , lined on the far side by large steel roll-up doors . 
 the museum 's loading docks . 
 gray stared up and down the hall , picturing a ghostly version of polk . 
 the professor must have entered the museum through the docks , then continued out the museum 's front door . 
 had he done that to shake a tail ? 
 kowalski tried the door handle . 
 `` unlocked , '' he said and proved it by swinging the door open . 
 the dark space ahead smelled of dust , dry hay , and a hint of cedar . 
 gray reached inside and found a light switch . 
 he flicked it on . 
 racks and shelves filled the back half of a cavernous space . 
 wooden crates with shipping labels stapled to them were stacked in a pile along one side . 
 several had been cracked open . 
 old packing straw and more modern styrofoam packing peanuts littered the floor . 
 a storage room . 
 to the left of the door , a single desk supported a computer and printer . 
 tables stretched along the other side , crowded with pottery and sections of decorated stone blocks . 
 someone had been taking inventory . 
 several larger objects rested on wooden floor pallets deeper in the room : a marble statue of a woman with her arms broken away , a corroded bronze sculpture of a bull 's head , a base of a stone pillar . 
 gray followed the trail inside , wondering what had led the professor to trespass here . 
 had he just been hiding from a passing guard ? 
 but the professor 's path seemed direct . 
 it led straight to one of the objects on the floor pallets , a dome of carved rock . 
 the artifact stood waist-high with a hole on top . 
 it looked like a granite model of a volcano , except it was covered with writing . 
 gray leaned closer to the inscriptions . 
 ancient greek . 
 frowning , gray tested it with the gamma-scout reader . 
 polk 's trail circled around the pallet . 
 gray traced the dead man 's footsteps . 
 why had polk been fascinated with this artifact ? 
 before he could contemplate it further , a crash sounded to his left . 
 he turned to see kowalski backing away from one of the tables . 
 he held the handle of an urn in his fingers . 
 the rest of the vase lay shattered at his toes . 
 `` it ... it broke . '' 
 the man had a gift for the obvious . 
 gray shook his head . 
 he should have left kowalski out in the hallway . 
 he was like a bull in a china shop-only a bull had better self-control . 
 `` it was wobbly , goddamn it . '' 
 still , he sounded angry more at himself . 
 `` come over here and see this . '' 
 he pointed the broken handle toward the table . 
 gray stepped to his side . 
 on the table were stacks of ancient greek coins . 
 from the gap in the second row , one of the coins was missing . 
 could it be polk 's coin ? 
 was this where he 'd got ahold of it ? 
 `` i bumped the base . 
 tried to catch it . '' 
 kowalski carefully placed the broken handle on the table . 
 `` it came apart in my hands . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 they 'll just take it out of your paycheck . '' 
 `` damn it . 
 how much do you think it cost ? '' 
 `` a few hundred . '' 
 a relieved whistle escaped him . 
 `` well , that 's not too bad . '' 
 `` a few hundred thousand , '' gray clarified . 
 `` oh , sweet motherfu - '' kowalski 's reaction was cut off by the rattle of the doorknob . 
 gray started to turn , but kowalski 's thick mitt of a hand grabbed gray 's upper arm and yanked him back . 
 he shielded gray with his own body while smoothly pulling a .45 - caliber pistol from a shoulder holster . 
 the slight figure of a young woman entered . 
 she was fumbling with her purse , oblivious of the two in the room . 
 she even swiped blindly for the light switch until she seemed to realize two things at once : the lights were already on and a massive mountain of a man had a pistol leveled at her chest . 
 she squeaked and backed into the jamb , unable to find the doorway in her fright . 
 `` sorry , '' kowalski said and shifted his pistol toward the ceiling . 
 gray hurried around the befuddled bodyguard . 
 `` it 's all right , ma'am . 
 we 're museum security . 
 we 're investigating a break-in . '' 
 kowalski pointed his pistol at the shattered vase on the floor . 
 `` yeah , someone broke that . '' 
 he glanced to gray for confirmation and collaboration as he holstered his weapon . 
 she clutched her purse to her chest . 
 her other hand fixed a pair of petite eyeglasses higher on her nose . 
 with her chestnut hair cut in a bob and her small frame , she appeared to be no more than a college sophomore , but from the crinkled pinch of her eyes , bright with suspicion , she was probably a decade older . 
 `` can i see some identification ? '' 
 she asked firmly and kept close to the open doorway . 
 gray held up his black i.d. pass . 
 it displayed his picture , along with the presidential seal embossed in gold . 
 `` i have a number you can call to confirm who we are . '' 
 she squinted at the pass and seemed to relax slightly , but a tension remained in her shoulders . 
 she stared around the room . 
 `` was anything stolen ? '' 
 `` maybe you can better answer that , '' gray said , hoping she could help . 
 `` i noticed that there seems to be a coin conspicuously missing from the table here . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she hurried over , abandoning any hesitation . 
 with one look at the table , her expression fell into a forlorn look . 
 `` oh , no ... we had the collection on loan from the delphi museum . '' 
 delphi again . 
 she glanced to the carved dome of rock , the one that seemed to have attracted polk 's attention . 
 it may have been because kowalski was leaning on it . 
 `` please do n't touch that . '' 
 kowalski straightened . 
 he looked at his palm , as if it were to blame . 
 he had the decency to blush around the collar . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` may i ask what that is ? '' 
 gray said casually , nodding to the stone . 
 her hands wrung together with worry . 
 `` the prize of the collection . 
 for the upcoming exhibit . 
 thank god , it was n't vandalized by the thieves . '' 
 she circled it to be sure . 
 `` it 's over sixteen hundred years old . '' 
 `` but what is it ? '' 
 gray pressed . 
 `` it 's called an omphalos . 
 which roughly translates as `` navel . '' 
 in ancient greece , the omphalos was considered to be the point around which the universe turned . 
 there are many mythologies and stories associated with the omphalos , great powers attributed to it . '' 
 `` and how did you acquire it ? '' 
 she nodded to the table . 
 `` it came from the same collection as the rest . 
 on loan from the museum at delphi . '' 
 `` delphi ? 
 where the oracle of delphi had her temple ? '' 
 she glanced toward gray , her expression surprised . 
 `` that 's right . 
 the omphalos graced the inner sanctum of the temple . 
 its most holy chamber . '' 
 `` and this is that stone . '' 
 `` no . 
 sadly it 's only a replica . 
 until just recently , everyone thought this was the original omphalos , as described in the ancient histories of plutarch and socrates . 
 but the sisterhood of delphic oracles goes back three millennia , and this stone has been dated to half that age . '' 
 `` what happened to the original ? '' 
 `` lost to history . 
 no one knows . '' 
 she straightened and strode over to a smock hung on a peg by the door . 
 donning it , she removed her museum identification tag from her shirt and fixed it to the smock . 
 it was only then that gray noted the tag . 
 it bore her picture and her name beneath it . 
 polk , e. `` polk ... , '' he read aloud . 
 `` dr. elizabeth polk , '' she said . 
 a tingle of misgiving iced through gray . 
 he suddenly knew why the professor had come here . 
 `` by any chance do you know an archibald polk ? '' 
 she fixed him with a more solid stare . 
 `` my father ? 
 why ? '' 
 3 september 5 , 7:22 p.m. washington , d.c. `` dead ? '' 
 gray sat on the edge of the desk in the museum 's storage room . 
 he knew the pain of what he had to tell her . 
 elizabeth polk slumped in the chair , collapsed within her lab coat . 
 there were no tears . 
 shock locked them away , but she took off her slim eyeglasses , as if readying herself . 
 `` i heard about the shooting on the mall , '' she mumbled . 
 `` but i never thought ... '' she shook her head . 
 `` i 've been in the cellars here all day . '' 
 where there was no cell phone reception , gray noted silently . 
 painter had mentioned trying to reach polk 's daughter . 
 and she was right across the mall the entire time . 
 `` i 'm sorry to press you on this , elizabeth , '' he said , `` but when did you last see your father ? '' 
 she swallowed hard , starting to lose control . 
 her voice quavered . 
 `` i. . . 
 i 'm not sure . 
 a year ago . 
 we had a falling-out . 
 oh , god , what i said to him ... '' she placed a hand on her forehead . 
 gray read the regret and pain in her eyes . 
 `` i 'm sure he knew you loved him . '' 
 her eyes flashed to him , going harder . 
 `` thank you for your words . 
 but you did n't know him , did you ? '' 
 gray sensed the tough core hidden behind that mousy , bookish exterior . 
 he faced her anger , knowing it was directed inward rather than at him . 
 kowalski had retreated to the far side of the room , plainly uncomfortable with the whole scene . 
 gray twisted where he sat and pointed to the desktop . 
 the rows of ancient coins still lined a paper blotter there . 
 `` i know because we found a coin on your father 's body . '' 
 gray recalled what painter had told him about it . 
 `` a coin with the bust of faustina the elder on one side and the temple of delphi on the other . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 she stared down at the gap in the row where the coin once lay . 
 gray lifted an arm . 
 `` he came here before he was shot . 
 to your office . '' 
 `` it 's not my office , '' she mumbled , glancing around , as if searching for the ghost of her father . 
 `` i 'm doing research for my doctoral dissertation . 
 in fact , it was my father who pulled some strings and got me this graduate position at the delphi museum in greece . 
 i 'd been out there until a month ago . 
 i 'm overseeing the installation of this exhibit . 
 i did n't think my father knew i was here . 
 especially after our - '' she waved away what she was going to say next . 
 `` he must 've been keeping tabs on you . '' 
 a few tears did flow , just enough to trickle down one cheek . 
 she brusquely dabbed her face with the sleeve of her lab coat . 
 gray gave her a moment . 
 he stared over at kowalski , who was walking in a bored circle around the stone omphalos , like a slow orbiting moon . 
 gray knew elizabeth 's father had followed that same orbit . 
 but why ? 
 elizabeth voiced the same question . 
 `` why did my father come here ? 
 why did he take the coin ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but i 'm fairly certain your father knew he was being tracked , hunted . '' 
 he pictured polk haunting the edges of the mall , seeking some way of contacting sigma in person , staying hidden . 
 `` he might have taken the coin in case he was murdered . 
 the coin was grimy , easy to miss in a pocket if the assailant did a cursory search of the body . 
 but a more thorough exam at a morgue would 've revealed the strangeness of the coin . 
 i think he hoped it would lead here . 
 to this office where he would 've known you 'd report it stolen . '' 
 the woman 's tears had dried as he spoke . 
 `` but why would he do that ? '' 
 gray closed his eyes , thinking hard , putting himself in the man 's shoes . 
 `` if i 'm right about the coin , your father was worried he would be searched . 
 he must 've known the hunters were after something . 
 something he possessed ... '' of course . 
 gray opened his eyes and stood . 
 he drew elizabeth up , too . 
 her eyes studied the room , but not for ghosts this time . 
 gray saw the understanding in the pinch of her brows . 
 she donned her eyeglasses . 
 `` my father might have hidden here what his murderers were looking for . '' 
 gray headed to where kowalski waited beside the conical-shaped stone . 
 `` your father seemed particularly interested in the temple 's omphalos . '' 
 elizabeth followed with a frown . 
 `` how could you possibly know that ? '' 
 gray briefly explained about the radiation exposure and lifted the gamma-scout . 
 `` your father 's trail led here , and for me to get such a strong reading from it , he must have spent some time near the artifact . '' 
 elizabeth had paled a bit upon hearing of her father 's affliction . 
 still , she waved to kowalski . 
 `` there 's an emergency flashlight plugged into that wall over there . '' 
 he nodded and fetched it . 
 she approached the stone . 
 `` while it looks solid , it 's actually hollow inside . 
 no more than an upended bowl of carved granite . '' 
 she pointed to the hole at the top . 
 gray understood . 
 her father could have easily dropped something inside it . 
 he accepted the flashlight from kowalski , leaned over the stone , and pointed the beam down into the heart of it . 
 it was indeed hollow . 
 at the bottom , the slats of the pallet that supported the stone were illuminated . 
 he shifted the beam around and spotted something off to one side . 
 it looked like a polished stone , roughly the size of a cantaloupe . 
 `` ca n't tell what it is , '' he mumbled and straightened . 
 `` we need to lift the stone . '' 
 `` it 's heavy , '' elizabeth explained . 
 `` took six men to uncrate it . 
 but there 's a crowbar among the tools in back . 
 we should be able to tilt it up . 
 but we 'll have to be careful . '' 
 `` i 'll go get it , '' kowalski said . 
 as he stepped away , the telephone on elizabeth 's desk rang . 
 she crossed toward it and checked the caller id on the handset . 
 `` it 's security . '' 
 she checked her wristwatch , then glanced to gray . 
 `` it 's already after closing hours . 
 they must be checking on how long i 'll be working down here . '' 
 `` tell them at least another hour . '' 
 she nodded and picked up the phone . 
 she confirmed who she was , then listened . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` i understand . 
 we 'll be right up . '' 
 she hung up the phone and turned to gray . 
 `` someone called in a bomb threat . 
 here at the museum . 
 they 're evacuating the building . '' 
 gray remained silent . 
 he knew such a threat , especially now , was no coincidence . 
 he read the same understanding in the woman 's eyes . 
 `` someone knows , '' he said slowly . 
 `` after today 's shooting on the mall , no one will dismiss a bomb threat . 
 it 's the perfect cover to run a covert sweep of the building . '' 
 he turned to study the omphalos . 
 time was running out for delicacy . 
 kowalski must have understood this , too . 
 he returned from the back of the storage room . 
 `` i heard , '' he said . 
 instead of the padded crowbar , he hefted a large sledgehammer on his shoulder . 
 `` get back . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 elizabeth warned . 
 but kowalski clearly was n't taking no for an answer . 
 he closed the distance in one stride , raised the hammer over his head , and swung it down . 
 elizabeth gasped in fear for the centuries-old artifact . 
 but instead of hitting the ancient stone , the sledgehammer slammed into the slats of the pallet that supported the omphalos . 
 wood splintered and broke . 
 kowalski lifted the hammer again and cracked more slats on the same side . 
 with half its weight now unsupported , the great stone tilted toward the crushed side of the pallet-then slowly toppled over , upending itself . 
 more slats were pulverized under its weight , but it seemed undamaged from its slow roll . 
 kowalski shouldered the hammer . 
 elizabeth stared at the man , her expression wavering between horror and awe . 
 gray hurried to the pallet and dropped to a knee . 
 the object hidden under the omphalos now rested in plain view . 
 it was not a polished stone . 
 gray lifted his gamma-scout reader toward it . 
 it read hot , but no worse than the binoculars they 'd found earlier . 
 satisfied , gray retrieved it and stood . 
 elizabeth stumbled back as he straightened . 
 kowalski 's eyes tightened . 
 `` a skull ? 
 is that what this is all about ? '' 
 gray examined it closer . 
 the skull was small and missing its lower jaw . 
 he turned it over . 
 the remaining teeth displayed prominent fangs in a protuberant muzzle . 
 `` not human , '' he said . 
 `` from the size and shape of the cranium , i 'd say it 's simian . 
 possibly a chimpanzee . '' 
 kowalski 's expression soured even further . 
 `` great , '' he drawled out . 
 `` more monkeys . '' 
 gray knew the large man had developed a distaste for all things simian following a previous mission . 
 something to do with baboons ... or apes . 
 gray could never get a straight story from the man . 
 `` but what ... what 's that attached to the skull 's side ? '' 
 elizabeth pointed out . 
 gray knew what she meant . 
 it was hard to miss . 
 affixed to the temporal bone , just above the opening to the ear canal , rested a curved block of stainless steel . 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' he answered . 
 `` maybe a hearing aid . 
 perhaps even one of the new cochlear implants . '' 
 `` for a damn monkey ? '' 
 kowalski asked . 
 gray shrugged . 
 `` we 'll have to examine it later . '' 
 `` why did my father bring that here ? '' 
 gray shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but someone wanted to stop him . 
 and someone still wants it back . '' 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 `` we find a way out of here . 
 before anyone knows we recovered it . '' 
 gray took a moment to search the rest of the pallet , in case the professor had left anything else here . 
 like a note explaining everything . 
 one could always hope . 
 he pointed his flashlight into the hollow cavity of the upended omphalos . 
 nothing . 
 as he swung the beam away , the light glanced over the inner surface . 
 something caught his eye there . 
 it looked like a spiraling groove carved into its surface , starting at the lip and corkscrewing up toward the hole . 
 he reached a finger to it and realized it was a single long line of cursive script . 
 leaning over , he narrowed the flashlight 's beam upon the writing . 
 elizabeth noted his attention . 
 `` ancient sanskrit . '' 
 gray straightened back . 
 `` what 's sanskrit doing on the inside - ? '' 
 kowalski cut him off . 
 `` does it friggin ' matter already ? '' 
 he pointed a thumb toward the door . 
 `` remember that bomb scare . 
 should n't we be haulin ' ass out of here ? '' 
 gray straightened . 
 the man had a point . 
 they 'd wasted enough time . 
 the sweep of the building was probably already - a muffled shout echoed from the hallway . 
 kowalski rolled his eyes in a plain expression of i told you so . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 elizabeth asked . 
 7:37 p.m. painter knocked on the half-open door to the pathologist 's office . 
 `` come in , '' malcom called out . 
 `` jones , do you have the data from - ? '' 
 painter pushed the door wider just as malcolm swung around in his desk chair . 
 the pathologist still wore a set of blue scrubs . 
 his glasses rested atop his head . 
 he was rubbing at the bridge of his nose when he noted who stood in his doorway . 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` director ... '' he made a motion to stand , but painter waved him to remain seated as he entered . 
 `` brant alerted me that you had called . 
 i was just heading back to my office from video surveillance . '' 
 `` any footage of the shooter ? '' 
 `` not so far . 
 we 're still combing records . 
 but it 's a mountain of videos to sift . 
 and some sources are slow to respond . '' 
 since 9/11 , surveillance of the capital had been heightened . 
 for a full ten miles in all directions around the white house , multiview cameras monitored every square foot of streets , parks , and public spaces . 
 and over 60 percent of interior spaces , too . 
 several cameras had picked up pieces of dr. archibald polk 's path across the mall . 
 they confirmed what gray had assessed with his radiological tracker . 
 but nagging gaps persisted . 
 though they had footage of polk collapsing in gray 's arms , no camera caught even a glimpse of rifle flash or any sign of the shooter . 
 it was worrisome . 
 painter was beginning to suspect that the sniper had known about the cameras and had found a hole in the surveillance net in which to hide . 
 or worse yet , someone could have tampered with the mall 's footage and purposefully deleted any evidence of the assassin . 
 either way , such collusion suggested that professor polk 's murderer might have powerful ties here in washington . 
 but who and where ? 
 if polk 's history as a jason had anything to do with the murder , then it opened a pandora 's box of possibilities . 
 the jasons had their fingers in top secret projects of every shade from gray to deep black . 
 painter knew he would be getting no sleep tonight . 
 none of them would . 
 `` any word from gray ? '' 
 malcolm asked , shifting a pile of papers from a chair and offering a seat to painter . 
 `` he 's searching the natural history museum . 
 polk 's trail led there . '' 
 `` hopefully he 'll find something , but that was also why i patched a call to you . 
 i may have discovered more bread crumbs to follow . '' 
 curious , painter sank into the chair . 
 malcolm rotated his computer 's flat-screen monitor to a better angle for painter to view . 
 `` what did you find ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 `` something curious . 
 i do n't know really what to make of it , but it might give us someplace to continue the investigation . 
 knowing the victim was suffering from radiation poisoning , i sought some clue to the source . 
 initial examination of polk 's gastrointestinal tract and liver showed he did n't ingest anything radiological in nature . '' 
 `` so no dinner poisoned with polonium-210 or the like ? '' 
 malcolm nodded . 
 `` from the degree of radiodermatitis burns to his skin , i was fairly certain the radiation came from an environmental source . 
 he must have been in some type of hot zone . 
 microanalysis of his hair showed the exposure was acute in nature . 
 he 'd been poisoned less than a week ago . '' 
 `` but where - ? '' 
 malcolm held up a hand for patience and used his other to tap at his keyboard and bring up a map of the world on the monitor . 
 `` trace amounts of radioactive debris were caught in the deep alveolar pockets in his lungs . 
 like coal dust in a miner 's lung . 
 i ran the sample through a mass spectrograph and was able to determine a rough breakdown of the isotope content . '' 
 he pointed to his screen . 
 the left side of the computer monitor began to scroll with data . 
 `` such information is often as unique as a fingerprint . 
 it just took tapping into iaea database in vienna . '' 
 painter noted that the open search window had the organization 's name stenciled at the top : international atomic energy agency . 
 `` the agency monitors hot spots around the world : mines , reactors , industrial sources . 
 despite what some might think , not all radiation is the same . 
 we 're talking about material that is constantly decaying , whose isotope content varies , depending on where it might have been mined and how it was processed . 
 the end result is radiation signatures unique to each use-site . '' 
 `` and the debris in the professor 's lungs ? '' 
 `` i ran a search through the iaea database and got a hit . '' 
 `` you know where polk was exposed ? '' 
 he nodded to the screen as the scrolling stopped and the world map blew up , zooming into one location in central russia . 
 a name appeared in a highlighted box , a name synonymous with radiological disaster . 
 chernobyl what was archibald polk doing at chernobyl ? 
 how had he been exposed to such a lethal level of radiation from the dead reactor site ? 
 the reactor was due this week to be sealed with a new sarcophagus , a massive articulated steel dome . 
 amid all the new construction , had polk somehow been exposed to a lethal dose of radiation there ? 
 before painter could question malcolm in more depth , his cell phone vibrated on his belt . 
 he unhooked it and checked who was calling . 
 it was his assistant . 
 frowning , he flipped it open . 
 `` what is it , brant ? '' 
 `` director , i received an alert from homeland . 
 there 's just been a bomb threat called in to the natural history museum . '' 
 painter 's fingers tightened on his cell phone . 
 the natural history museum ... where gray had been headed . 
 that could n't be good . 
 `` patch me through to gray 's radio . '' 
 he waited , cell phone at his ear . 
 malcolm stared over at him . 
 had gray called in the threat ? 
 had someone else ? 
 either way , something was wrong . 
 he had confirmation a second later . 
 brant came back on the line . 
 `` sir , he 's not responding . '' 
 7:56 p.m. elizabeth polk appraised gray pierce as they neared the museum 's loading docks . 
 studying him askance , she noted the faded bruising on one side of his face . 
 his sunburned complexion hid most of the contusions . 
 the beating must have taken place a month or so ago . 
 it gave the planes of his face a look of hammered copper and brought out the blue of his eyes . 
 it was those same eyes that chilled her when he spotted the half dozen men clearing the museum 's loading dock and turned them back . 
 `` something 's not right here , '' he said . 
 she caught a glimpse of the warehouse space past his shoulder . 
 lit by flickering fluorescents , the cavernous space was crowded with tall shelves stacked with cleaning supplies and dry goods for the various museum concession stores . 
 a single forklift rested beside a series of pulleys and counterbalances for bringing in larger pieces of an exhibit . 
 a steel roll-up door stood open to the right . 
 outlined against the waning daylight , a cadre of men in black riot gear had set up a cordon near the exit . 
 under the klaxon of the evacuation alarm , they were searching each worker and staff member who sought to exit in that direction . 
 a narrow-shouldered man in a blue suit oversaw it from a few steps away . 
 he was plainly someone high up the food chain . 
 gray forced her back down the hallway . 
 he hefted his shoulder bag higher . 
 it bore the museum logo and carried the strange skull her father had hidden in the museum 's storage room . 
 at the thought of her father , a dull ache in her chest threatened to melt into sobbing tears . 
 she held it back . 
 she would address her loss at a quieter moment . 
 down the hall , in the opposite direction of the docks , a shout echoed out the stairwell ahead , a call to search every room . 
 boots pounded down the stairs . 
 gray stopped and turned to her . 
 `` is there another way out of here ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` the service tunnels . 
 over this way . '' 
 as she led them back again , gray fixed her with those stormy eyes , questioning her knowledge . 
 `` some of the staff take their smoking breaks down there . '' 
 she glanced to him guiltily . 
 she really needed to quit . 
 still , the habit had allowed her to bond with a few of the other researchers . 
 a secret smokers ' club . 
 and all it cost was the risk of emphysema and lung cancer . 
 `` we 're not supposed to smoke within the museum , of course . 
 fire danger , but it 's all stone and steam pipes down there . '' 
 she led them to an unmarked door and keyed open the electronic lock with her card . 
 the stairs on the far side were stained cement with a steel railing along one side . 
 it led down in sharp turns . 
 before they could enter , a low growl drew all their eyes back to the docks . 
 a low shape slunk into view of the hallway . 
 thirty yards away . 
 a german shepherd . 
 it was outfitted with a black vest and was tethered to a man still out of view . 
 elizabeth froze . 
 the dog spotted them and lunged forward , straining against his leash . 
 `` go , '' gray urged and pushed her through the open stairwell door and followed . 
 his beefy partner crowded in behind them . 
 it was hot and close . 
 the museum 's air-conditioning did not extend here . 
 the only light was a caged emergency bulb . 
 gray closed the door with the barest click of the lock engaging . 
 the alarm klaxon muffled . 
 he waved them down the tight stairs and squeezed up to join her . 
 `` do you know where the tunnels lead ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` not sure . 
 i never went any farther than i had to . 
 it 's a maze down there , branching in every direction . 
 rumors say even under the white house . 
 but surely there must be a street exit somewhere . '' 
 behind them , something heavy hit the door above , followed by deep barks . 
 shouts echoed , chasing them down the stairs . 
 `` could it be a bomb-sniffing dog ? '' 
 elizabeth asked . 
 `` maybe the threat is real . '' 
 gray 's partner , kowalski , snorted . 
 `` only around pierce is a real bomb threat considered a good thing . '' 
 at the bottom of the stairs , they hit a barred gate . 
 gray cranked the locking bar aside and creaked the gate open . 
 the tunnels stretched in both directions , pitch-black , sweltering , smelling of wet cement and whispering with trickles of water . 
 `` i hope someone brought the flashlight , '' kowalski commented . 
 gray swore softly under his breath . 
 he 'd left the light back in the storeroom . 
 elizabeth fished in her pocket and produced her cigarette lighter . 
 it was an antique silver dunhill . 
 she flipped it open and rasped a small flame into existence . 
 with practiced skill , she adjusted the flame . 
 `` nice , '' kowalski said . 
 `` i wish i 'd brought one of my cigars . '' 
 `` me , too , '' elizabeth mumbled back . 
 kowalski did a double take in her direction . 
 before he could say anything , light flooded down the stairs behind them . 
 the alarm klaxon rang louder . 
 their pursuers had gotten through the upper door . 
 `` hurry . '' 
 gray headed to the right . 
 `` stay close . '' 
 elizabeth kept to gray 's shoulder with kowalski behind her . 
 she held her lighter high . 
 the flickering glow extended only a few yards ahead . 
 gray trotted down the tunnel . 
 he kept one arm up , his fingertips trailing along the run of pipes overhead . 
 he took the first branch to get them out of direct view of the stairwell exit . 
 a single low bark echoed to them . 
 gray urged their flight into a run . 
 elizabeth 's lab coat flapped behind her . 
 her flame burned through a nest of cobwebs as they raced around another turn . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 kowalski asked . 
 `` away , '' gray answered . 
 `` that 's your big plan ? 
 away ? '' 
 a burst of furious barking erupted . 
 shouts rang out . 
 their trail had been found . 
 `` forget what i said , '' kowalski corrected . 
 `` away sounds just fine by me . '' 
 in a tight group , they fled into the maze of tunnels . 
 halfway across the city , yuri sat on a bench under the spread of a cherry tree . 
 it felt good to sit down . 
 his knees ached , and his lower back threatened to spasm . 
 he had dry-swallowed four tablets of aleve . 
 he had stronger medications back home , but nothing he dared bring into the states . 
 it would be good to return to the warren . 
 he stretched a leg and rubbed a knee . 
 as he rested , the sun was near to setting and cast long shadows across the parkland walkway . 
 steps away , a low cement wall bordered the path 's far side . 
 children and parents lined the edge and pointed down into the outdoor habitat beyond the wall . 
 a small piece of china 's forestland had been re-created : a rocky outcropping sectioned into grottoes , ponds , and misty streams . 
 shrubs decorated its steep slopes , along with weeping willows , cork trees , and several species of bamboo . 
 the habitat 's two occupants , two giant pandas on loan from china-mei xiang and tian tian-had captured the delighted attention of the zoo 's last few visitors . 
 including sasha . 
 the girl stood with her arms folded atop the lip of the stone wall . 
 one shoe swung rhythmically to strike the cement . 
 but it was slowing down . 
 as he had hoped . 
 yuri had brought the girl to the national zoological park after her performance with mapplethorpe . 
 from long experience , he knew the calming effect animals had on his charges . 
 especially sasha . 
 yuri had no need to test the bdnf levels in the girl 's spinal fluid . 
 after such an intense episode , the hormone levels of `` brain-derived neurotrophic factors '' had surely spiked to dangerous levels . 
 he had not been prepared . 
 caught off guard by her performance , he knew he had to calm her down quickly . 
 away from her home environment , she would be especially agitated , vulnerable . 
 there was a risk of lasting neural damage . 
 he had seen it before . 
 it had taken them decades to discover the innate relationship between autistic children 's mental health and the palliative effect of their interaction with animals . 
 so while mapplethorpe executed a search of the natural history museum , yuri had transported sasha to the city 's famous zoological park . 
 it was as close a facsimile to the menagerie as he would find here in the foreign city . 
 sasha 's kicking slowed even further . 
 she was ramping down . 
 still , the toe of her patent leather shoes had become badly scuffed . 
 but better her shoes than her mind . 
 yuri felt a knot between his shoulder blades ease . 
 he would get her on the next flight back to russia . 
 once returned to the warren , he would schedule her for a complete physical exam : blood chemistries , urinalysis , a full cranial ct scan . 
 he had to be sure there was no damage . 
 but more important , he needed an answer as to how she had induced an episode on her own . 
 that should n't have happened . 
 the cortical implant maintained a steady-state level of stimulation , tailored to each child 's ability . 
 sasha 's display back at mapplethorpe 's office should not have happened unless her implant was remotely triggered to provoke such a response . 
 so what had happened ? 
 had there been a malfunction in her implant ? 
 had someone else triggered it ? 
 or even more disturbing , was sasha growing beyond the yoke of their control ? 
 despite the day 's heat and his relief , he still felt cold . 
 something was wrong . 
 a flurry of noise erupted ahead of him . 
 it came from the crowd lining the panda exhibit . 
 excited murmurs swelled . 
 a flurry of camera flashes sparkled among the crowd . 
 more people were drawn by the commotion . 
 yuri heard a named called out and repeated . 
 `` tai shan ... tai shan ... '' he sat up straighter with a wince of protest from his back . 
 he recognized the name from the zoo 's brochure . 
 tai shan was the panda cub born to mei xiang a few summers back . 
 the youngster must have wandered into sight . 
 the crowd jostled for a better view . 
 more people gathered . 
 children were lifted to parents ' shoulders . 
 cameras flashed furiously . 
 frowning at the tourists ' manic response , yuri stood up . 
 he had lost sight of sasha in the crush of the crowd . 
 he knew she did n't like to be touched . 
 he stepped across the walkway and pushed into the pack of people . 
 the park would be closing in the next few minutes . 
 it was time to go . 
 he reached the wall where sasha had been standing . 
 she was n't there . 
 with his heart thudding , he searched the stretch of walls to either side . 
 no sign of her ebony hair and red ribbons . 
 he stumbled outward again , shouldering and pawing his way through the crowd . 
 grunted protests met his rude passage . 
 a camera tumbled from someone 's hands and cracked against the pavement . 
 someone grabbed his shoulder . 
 he was yanked around . 
 `` mister , you 'd better have a goddamn good reason - '' yuri shook free . 
 his eyes , bright with true panic , met the larger man . 
 `` my ... my granddaughter . 
 i 've lost my granddaughter . '' 
 anger melted to concern . 
 with mostly parents in attendance , word spread quickly . 
 it was every mother and father 's worst fear . 
 questions peppered him . 
 what does she look like ? 
 what was she wearing ? 
 others offered words of support , promising that she 'd be found . 
 yuri barely heard them , deafened by his own pounding heart . 
 he should have never left her side , never sat down . 
 the crowd thinned around him , opening views in all directions . 
 yuri turned a full circle . 
 he searched , but he knew the truth . 
 sasha was gone . 
 4 september 5 , 8:12 p.m. washington , d.c. `` door ! '' 
 kowalski yelled from the rear . 
 gray skidded to a stop and glanced behind him . 
 elizabeth polk held out her lighter and revealed a small doorway , hidden two steps off the dark tunnel . 
 gray had rushed past it , too focused on the roof , searching for a street exit from the service tunnels . 
 behind them , calls echoed from the searchers . 
 a single harsh bark rang out as the trackers found their trail again . 
 gray had crisscrossed among tunnels , trying to lose them , but it proved fruitless , and they were losing ground . 
 kowalski reached to the door and fought the handle . 
 `` locked . '' 
 he punched the metal surface in frustration . 
 coming up to his side , gray noted an electronic key-lock below the handle . 
 the lighter 's flame flickered across a small steel sign stenciled in art deco letters : national museum of american history the door was a subterranean entrance to another of the smithsonian institution 's museums . 
 closest to the door , elizabeth swiped her museum security card , but the lock remained dark . 
 to make sure , kowalski tugged the handle and shook his head . 
 `` my card 's only good for the natural history museum , '' elizabeth said . 
 `` but i hoped - '' a fierce bark drew their attention around . 
 the bobbling glow of flashlights lit up the far end of the tunnel . 
 `` better move it , '' kowalski said and stepped away from the door . 
 a shotgun blast erupted . 
 something sparked off the metal surface , striking where kowalski had stood a second before . 
 the round ricocheted off the door and spun across the cement floor , spitting blue sparks of electricity . 
 kowalski danced away from it , like an elephant from a mouse . 
 gray recognized the payload : a taser xrep . 
 fired from a standard twelve-gauge , the weapon shot out a self-contained , wireless dart that packed a shocking neuromuscular jolt . 
 it could drop a mountain gorilla . 
 `` homeland security ! 
 halt or we 'll fire again ! '' 
 `` now they warn us , '' kowalski said and lifted his arms above his head . 
 half hidden behind his partner 's bulk , gray twisted around and swiped his black sigma identification card through the key-lock . 
 a small green light flicked into existence alongside the lock . 
 thank god . 
 `` hands on your heads . 
 get on your knees ! '' 
 gray shoved the handle , and the door cracked open . 
 it was dark beyond . 
 reaching behind him , he grabbed elizabeth 's elbow . 
 she flinched , then saw the half-open door . 
 she , in turn , reached out and grabbed the back of kowalski 's belt . 
 he had his hands on his head and had been bending down to kneel . 
 he glanced back to them . 
 gray shouldered the door open and pulled elizabeth with him . 
 yanked off balance , kowalski stumbled to one knee-then pushed off the floor and dove after them through the doorway . 
 gray heard another blast of a shotgun . 
 kowalski knocked into them and sent them sprawling across the dark stairs beyond the threshold . 
 his other leg kicked the door shut-and kept kicking . '' 
 - oddamnmotherfu - ! '' 
 he wailed between clenched teeth . 
 gray spotted the sparking projectile impaled through the shoe of the man 's spasming leg . 
 elizabeth did , too . 
 she climbed over him , pinned his ankle , and crushed the taser shell under her shoe heel . 
 kowalski 's leg continued to twitch for another breath , then stopped . 
 his cursing did not . 
 gray stood and held out an arm to help him up . 
 `` you 're lucky it hit your shoe . 
 the leather blunted the barbs from penetrating deeply . '' 
 `` lucky ! '' 
 kowalski bent and rubbed the stabs through the polished leather . 
 `` assholes ruined my new chukkas ! '' 
 muffled shouts approached the doorway . 
 `` c'mon , '' gray urged and headed up . 
 kowalski continued to gripe as they ran up the stairs . 
 `` crowe 's buying me a new pair ! '' 
 gray ignored him as he raced up the stairs . 
 kowalski 's tirade continued . 
 `` just leave the monkey skull down there . 
 let 'em have the goddamn thing . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 rang from both elizabeth and gray . 
 gray heard the anger in the woman 's voice . 
 it matched his own . 
 her father had died to keep the skull from his pursuers . 
 died in gray 's arms . 
 he was n't about to give it up . 
 they hit the upper stairwell door . 
 it was locked , too . 
 pounding echoed on the door below . 
 it would n't take long for someone to secure a pass-key . 
 `` over here , '' elizabeth said and pointed to the darkened card reader . 
 gray swiped his security i.d. and heard the lock release . 
 he glanced behind him as he pushed the door open . 
 surely word was already spreading . 
 whoever was hunting them would know they were fleeing into the museum of american history . 
 gray led them out into a lighted hall . 
 it was almost a match to the basement of the natural history museum , except here there were stacks of boxes in the hallway , crowding the way . 
 gray tested his own radio , but he still had no signal , buried too deeply under the museum . 
 `` this way , '' he said and aimed for a stairway that led up . 
 they almost bowled over an electrician in a work uniform , weighted down with a roll of conduit over his shoulder and a heavy belt of tools . 
 `` why do n't you watch where you 're go - ! '' 
 something he saw in gray 's expression silenced him . 
 he backed out of the way and flattened against the wall . 
 they hurried past him and upward . 
 the farther they climbed , the more chaos they encountered : clusters of workmen , stripped walls , tangles of exposed ductwork . 
 reaching the next landing , they had to dodge around piles of sheetrock and flats of stacked marble tiles . 
 the growl of motors and whine of saws echoed from the doorway ahead . 
 the air smelled of fresh paint and tasted of sawdust . 
 gray recalled that the museum of american history had been undergoing a massive renovation , updating its forty-year-old infrastructure , all to better showcase its three million historical treasures , from abraham lincoln 's top hat to dorothy 's ruby slippers . 
 the museum had been closed to the public for the past two years but was due to open next month . 
 from the look of things as gray entered the museum 's central atrium , the grand reopening might be delayed . 
 plastic sheeting draped almost every surface ; scaffolding climbed the three-story core of the renovation . 
 grand staircases swept from the first floor to the second . 
 directly overhead a massive skylight was still sheeted with paper . 
 gray grabbed the nearest worker , a carpenter whose face was half covered by a respirator . 
 `` the exit ! 
 where 's the nearest exit ? '' 
 the man squinted at him . 
 `` the constitution avenue exit is closed . 
 you 'll have to climb to the second level . 
 head out the main mall entrance . '' 
 he pointed to the staircase . 
 gray glanced to elizabeth , who nodded . 
 they walked out as a group . 
 gray checked his radio again . 
 still nothing . 
 something or someone had to be blocking his signal . 
 they raced to the stairs and pounded up to the second level . 
 it was less chaotic up here . 
 the green marble floor looked freshly mopped , highlighting the silver stars embedded therein . 
 gray had a clear view from the central atrium to the glass doors of the mall exit . 
 he needed to make it out before - too late . 
 a knot of men bearing assault rifles swept into view outside the doors . 
 they wore dark uniforms with patches at their shoulders . 
 gray forced kowalski and elizabeth back . 
 behind them , a growled bark echoed up from the first floor . 
 workers shouted in surprise . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 kowalski asked . 
 from the mall entrance , a bullhorn blasted . 
 `` homeland security ! 
 the building is to be evacuated immediately ! 
 everyone to the main exit ! '' 
 `` this way , '' gray said . 
 he led them off to the side , toward the largest piece of art on this floor 's gallery . 
 the installation was an abstract flag , made up of fifteen ribbons of mirrored polycarbonate . 
 `` we ca n't keep running , '' elizabeth said . 
 `` we 're not . '' 
 `` so we 're hiding ? '' 
 kowalski asked . 
 `` what about their dogs ? '' 
 `` we 're not running or hiding , '' gray assured them . 
 he passed the shimmering flag . 
 its mirrored surface reflected a prismatic view of the museum . 
 in bits and pieces , gray saw the armed detail take up an impenetrable cordon across the only exit . 
 passing one of the scaffoldings stacked with supplies and spare coveralls , gray grabbed what he needed . 
 he passed a few bundles to kowalski . 
 he kept what he needed himself : a can of paint and a plastic gallon of paint thinner . 
 he headed into the hallway under the abstract flag . 
 kowalski read the gallery sign at the entrance and whistled under his breath . 
 `` pierce , what are you planning on doing ? '' 
 gray led the way into the heart of the museum 's most treasured exhibits . 
 it was the main reason for the entire renovation . 
 they entered a long darkened hall . 
 seats lined one side opposite a wall of paneled glass on the other . 
 even the chaos behind them seemed to muffle under the weight of the historical treasure preserved behind the glass , one of the nation 's most important icons . 
 it lay unfurled on a sloped display , a tatter of cotton and wool a quarter the size of a football field . 
 its dyes had faded , but it remained a dramatic piece of american history , the flag that inspired the national anthem . 
 `` pierce ... ? '' 
 kowalski moaned , beginning to comprehend . 
 `` that 's the star-spangled banner . '' 
 gray placed the can of paint on the floor and began to twist open the cap on the gallon of highly flammable paint thinner . 
 `` pierce ... you ca n't mean to ... not even as a distraction . '' 
 ignoring him , gray turned to elizabeth . 
 `` do you still have your lighter ? '' 
 8:32 p.m. sitting in the security office of the national zoo , yuri felt the weight of his seventy-seven years . 
 all the androgens , stimulants , and surgeries could not mask the heaviness of his heart . 
 a numbing fear had turned his limbs to aching lead ; worry etched deeper lines in his face . 
 `` we 'll find your granddaughter , '' the head of security had promised him . 
 `` we have the park closed down . 
 everyone is looking for her . '' 
 yuri had been left in the office with a blond young woman who could be no older than twenty-five . 
 she wore the khaki safari uniform of a zoo employee . 
 her name tag read tabitha . 
 she seemed nervous in his presence , unsure how to cope with his despair . 
 she stood , coming out from behind the desk . 
 `` is there anyone you 'd like to call ? 
 another relative ? '' 
 yuri lifted his head . 
 he studied her for a breath . 
 her apple-cheeked youth ... the years ahead of her . 
 he realized he 'd been little older than the girl when he 'd stumbled out of the rattling truck into the highlands of the carpathian mountains . 
 he wished he had never found that gypsy camp . 
 `` would you like to use the phone ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he slowly nodded . 
 `` da . '' 
 he could not put it off any longer . 
 he 'd already alerted mapplethorpe , not so much to report to him , as to gain the cooperation of the d.c. policing authorities . 
 but the man had been distracted , busy hunting down what had been stolen . 
 mapplethorpe had mentioned something about dr. polk 's daughter . 
 but yuri no longer cared . 
 still , mapplethorpe had promised to raise an amber alert for the missing child . 
 all d.c. resources and outlying counties would be alerted . 
 she had to be found . 
 sasha ... her round face and bright blue eyes filled his vision . 
 he should never have left her side . 
 he prayed she had just wandered off . 
 but among a park full of wild animals , even that best scenario was not without its dangers . 
 worse yet , had someone taken her , abducted her ? 
 in her current state , she would be pliable , easily suggestible . 
 yuri was well familiar with the number of pedophiles out there . 
 they 'd even had trouble at the warren with some of their early employees . 
 there had been so many children , too many . 
 mistakes had happened . 
 but not all of the abuses had been mistakes . 
 he shied from this last thought . 
 tabitha carried over a portable telephone . 
 yuri shook his head and took out his own cell phone . 
 `` thank you , but it is a long-distance call , '' he explained . 
 `` to russia . 
 to her grandmother . 
 i 'll use my own phone . '' 
 tabitha nodded and backed away . 
 `` i 'll give you your privacy . '' 
 she stepped into a neighboring office . 
 alone , yuri dialed the number into his international cell phone . 
 a small chip developed by russian intelligence would bounce the signal off several cell towers , making it untraceable , along with scrambling the communication . 
 he had dreaded making this call , but he could wait no longer . 
 the warren had to be alerted , but it was very early in the morning back there . 
 not even four o'clock . 
 still , the phone was answered promptly , the voice curt and sharp . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 yuri pictured the woman at the other end of the line , his immediate superior , dr. savina martov . 
 the two had discovered the children together , begun the warren as a team , but martov 's ties to the former kgb had pulled her above yuri in command . 
 there was a saying in russia : no one left the kgb . 
 and despite what western leaders might think , that did not exclude the current russian president . 
 the man still surrounded himself with ex-members of soviet intelligence . 
 major contracts were still placed in the hands of former operatives . 
 and dr. savina martov was no exception . 
 `` savina , we have a major problem here , '' he said in russian . 
 he imagined her face frosting over . 
 like yuri , she had also undergone hormonal , surgical , and cosmetic treatments , but she had fared even better than yuri . 
 her hair was still dark , her features hardly blemished . 
 she could pass for forty years old . 
 yuri suspected why . 
 she did not battle that same knot of guilt that soured his gut . 
 the sureness of her vision and purpose shone out of her face . 
 only when one looked in her eyes was the deception ruined . 
 no amount of treatments would mask the cold calculation found there . 
 `` you 've still not found what was stolen from us ? '' 
 she asked in harsh tones . 
 `` i 've already heard that polk has been eliminated . 
 so then why - ? '' 
 `` it 's sasha . 
 she 's gone missing . '' 
 a long silence stretched . 
 `` savina , did you hear me ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i just had a report in from one of the dormitory workers . 
 it 's why i 'm up so early . 
 they discovered three empty beds . '' 
 `` who ? 
 which children ? '' 
 `` konstantin , his sister kiska , and pyotr . '' 
 savina continued her report , how a search was under way across the warren , but her voice grew hollow , echoing as if out of a deep well as yuri had fixated on the last name . 
 pyotr . 
 peter . 
 he was sasha 's twin brother . 
 `` when ? '' 
 he blurted out . 
 `` when did the three rebyonka go missing ? '' 
 savina sighed harshly . 
 `` they were there at the last bed check according to the matron on duty . 
 so sometime in the last hour . '' 
 yuri glanced to his wristwatch . 
 around the time sasha vanished . 
 was it just a coincidence , or had pyotr somehow sensed his twin sister 's danger ? 
 had it set the boy into a panic ? 
 but pyotr had never shown such talent before . 
 his empathic scores were high-especially with animals-but he 'd never shown any of his sister 's abilities . 
 still , as twins , they were closer than any brother and sister . 
 in fact , they still shared their own special language , an incomprehensible twin speak . 
 as yuri clutched the phone to his ear , he suspected something more sinister was happening , that unknown forces-possibly an unknown hand-were manipulating events . 
 but whose ? 
 savina barked at him , drawing back his attention . 
 `` find that girl , '' she ordered . 
 `` before it 's too late . 
 you know what happens in two days . '' 
 yuri knew that only too well . 
 it was what they had worked decades to accomplish , why they had performed so many acts of cruelty . 
 all in order to - a door slammed to the side . 
 yuri twisted around . 
 the head of zoo security had returned . 
 his tanned face was dour , lined with concern and worry . 
 yuri spoke into the phone . 
 `` i 'll find her , '' he said firmly , but the promise was more to himself than to his icy superior . 
 he clicked off the line and faced the tall man , switching to english . 
 `` has there been any sign of my granddaughter ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid not . 
 we 've swept the park . 
 so far no sign of her . '' 
 yuri felt a sinking in his gut . 
 a hesitation entered the security chief 's voice . 
 `` but i must tell you . 
 there was a report of a girl matching your granddaughter 's description being carried into a van near the south exit . '' 
 yuri stood up , his eyes widening . 
 a hand raised , urging patience . 
 `` the d.c. police are following up on that . 
 it might be a false lead . 
 there 's not much more we can do . '' 
 `` there must be more . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir . 
 also on the way back here , i was informed that someone at the fbi has arranged an escort . 
 they should be here any moment . 
 they 'll take you back to your hotel . '' 
 yuri sensed the hand of mapplethorpe involved with this last arrangement . 
 `` thank you . 
 for all your help . '' 
 yuri crossed to the door and reached for the handle . 
 `` i. . . 
 i need some fresh air . '' 
 `` certainly . 
 there 's a bench just outside . '' 
 yuri exited the security office . 
 he spotted the park bench , crossed toward it , but once out of view of the office window , he continued past the bench and strode toward the park exit . 
 yuri could not put himself into mapplethorpe 's control . 
 not even now . 
 the fool knew only a fraction of what was going on , just enough to keep the interest of united states intelligence organizations whetted . 
 they had no suspicion how the world would change in the next few days . 
 he had to find sasha before mapplethorpe did . 
 and there was only one way to do that . 
 as he exited the park through a cordon of police , he dialed his cell phone , again engaging the encryption . 
 as before , it was answered promptly , this time by an answering machine . 
 `` you 've reached the national switchboard for argo , inc. . 
 please leave a message ... '' argo , inc. was the cover for the jasons . 
 the pseudonym-argo-was selected because it was the name of jason 's ship out of greek mythology . 
 yuri shook his head at such foolishness as he waited for the beep . 
 he had murdered one of their own just hours ago . 
 now he needed the help of the secretive cabal of american scientists . 
 and he knew how to get it . 
 going back to the cold war , the two sides had been waging a clandestine battle for technological supremacy , each side supported by their respective military establishments and intelligence communities . 
 the tools of war were not just intellectual , but also involved more nefarious means : sabotage , coercion , blackmail . 
 but likewise , being men and women of science , each side operated independently of the military . 
 over the decades , they had come to recognize two things : there was occasionally common ground between them , but more important , there was a firm line neither side would cross . 
 when such a scenario arose , a means of communication had been established , a panic button . 
 speaking into the phone , yuri gave his encrypted cell number , followed by a code word that traced back to the cold war . 
 `` pandora . '' 
 8:38 p.m. smoke billowed out the hall of the star-spangled banner gallery . 
 gray kept his group clustered in the vestibule just off the central atrium of the museum . 
 they had pulled painters coveralls over their street clothes and covered their faces with respirators . 
 gray had also splashed paint on their clothes . 
 he leaned and stared back into the flag gallery . 
 smoke burned his eyes , but he spotted the flames dancing and racing across the pools of paint thinner he 'd spilled across the gallery 's wood floor . 
 a moment later , emergency sprinklers engaged . 
 water jetted in a flood from ceiling spigots . 
 an alarm klaxon rang out sharply . 
 gray took an additional moment to make sure that the glass-enclosed display for the banner remained dry . 
 he knew the display was an environmentally controlled chamber meant to preserve the icon for generations to come . 
 for now , the case should protect the flag from the smoke and water . 
 satisfied the treasure was safe , gray turned his attention to the central atrium . 
 fresh shouts and cries echoed as smoke panicked the workers . 
 the contractors were already on edge with the spreading word of a bomb scare . 
 and now the fire alarm and smoke . 
 gray peeked around the vestibule 's exit and into the atrium . 
 already summoned by the bullhorn to proceed to this single exit , men and women milled and pushed . 
 many hauled tools and backpacks . 
 panic surged the crowd toward the doors , where the armed men had been conducting a systematic search of each exiting worker , including being scented by a pair of german shepherds . 
 `` let 's go , '' gray said . 
 under the cover of smoke and terror , the three joined the pressing throng . 
 they split up to make it less likely they 'd be recognized through their disguises . 
 as they joined the panicked mass , it was like jumping into a storm-swept sea along a rocky coast . 
 pushed , shoved , jabbed , and jostled , gray still kept a watch on the others . 
 the evacuating workers surged toward the doors . 
 despite the press , the armed men kept some semblance of order outside . 
 searches continued , but more cursory and swift . 
 the dogs barked and tugged at their leads , aroused by the noise and confusion . 
 gray gripped his shoulder bag tighter , hugging its weight to his chest . 
 if need be , he could bull through the armed line , like a linebacker making a rush for the goal . 
 to the side , gray spotted elizabeth being shoved through a door and into the arms of one of the guards . 
 she was brusquely searched and urged to move on . 
 she passed one of the dogs , who barked and tugged at its lead . 
 but it had not recognized her scent . 
 the dog was merely agitated and confused by the press of people . 
 fresh paint and smoke also helped mask elizabeth 's scent . 
 she stumbled away from the cordon of men and out into the national mall 's twilight . 
 off on the other side , kowalski hit the line next . 
 to aid in his disguise , he carried a gallon of paint in each hand , which he was mostly using to knock people out of his way . 
 he also was searched . 
 even the cans of paint were opened . 
 gray held his breath . 
 not good . 
 the panic was not disrupting the search as much as he would have liked . 
 passing inspection , kowalski was waved out into the mall . 
 gray pushed out the door and met the palm of one of the guards . 
 `` arms up ! '' 
 he was ordered . 
 the command was bolstered as another guard leveled a weapon at his chest . 
 hands searched him swiftly . 
 from head to toe . 
 luckily , he had stashed his ankle holster and weapon back in the gallery 's trash can . 
 still ... `` open your bag ! '' 
 gray knew there was no way he could resist . 
 he dropped the bag and unzipped it . 
 he pulled out the only thing it held : a small electric sander . 
 the rest of the bag was shaken to make sure it was empty-then gray was waved out of the way . 
 as he passed the barking dog , gray noted a man standing to the side , dressed in a suit . 
 no body armor . 
 he had a bluetooth headset fixed to his ear . 
 he was barking orders , plainly in charge . 
 gray also remembered seeing him at the dock of the natural history museum . 
 passing him , gray spotted the credentials affixed to his jacket pocket . 
 dia . 
 defense intelligence agency . 
 gray noted the name in bold type : mapplethorpe . 
 before his attention was noticed , gray continued out into the mall . 
 he circumspectly joined the others well away from the museum and the confusion , just a trio of workers reuniting . 
 gray retaped his radio 's throat mike under his jaw . 
 he attempted to raise sigma command . 
 finally , a familiar voice responded . 
 `` gray ! 
 where are you ? '' 
 it was painter crowe . 
 `` no time to explain , '' gray said . 
 `` i need an unmarked car at the corner of fourteenth and constitution . '' 
 `` it 'll be there . '' 
 as he headed toward the extraction point , gray held out a hand toward kowalski . 
 the large man passed over one of the gallons of paint . 
 `` just carrying the thing creeps me out . '' 
 gray accepted the paint can with relief . 
 submerged at the bottom lay hidden the strange skull . 
 gray had chanced that no one would explore too closely the depths of the thick latex paint , especially carried by a worker whose coveralls were splashed with the same paint . 
 once the skull was cleaned , maybe they 'd finally have some answers . 
 `` we made it , '' elizabeth said with a ring of relief . 
 gray did not comment . 
 he knew this was far from over . 
 halfway around the world , a man awoke in a dark , windowless room . 
 a few small lights shone from a neighboring bank of equipment . 
 he recognized the blink and beat of an ekg monitor . 
 his nose caught a whiff of disinfectant and iodine . 
 dazed , he sat up too quickly . 
 the few lights swam , like darting fish in a midnight sea . 
 the sight stirred something buried . 
 a memory . 
 ... lights in dark water ... he struggled to sit up , but his elbows were secured to the railings of the bed . 
 a hospital bed . 
 he could not even pull his arms free of the bedsheet . 
 weak , he lay back down . 
 have i been in an accident ? 
 as he took a breath , he sensed someone watching him , a prickling warning . 
 turning his head , he vaguely made out the outline of a doorway . 
 a dark shape stirred at the threshold . 
 a shoe scraped on tile . 
 then a furtive whisper . 
 in a foreign language . 
 russian , from the sound of it . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 he asked hoarsely . 
 his throat burned , as if he had swallowed acid . 
 silence . 
 the darkness went deathly still . 
 he waited , holding his breath . 
 then a flash of light bloomed near the doorway . 
 it blinded , stung . 
 he instinctively tried to raise a hand to shield his eyes , forgetting his arms were still secured to the bed . 
 he blinked away the glare . 
 the flash came from a tiny penlight . 
 the shine revealed three small figures slinking into his room . 
 they were all children . 
 a boy-twelve or thirteen-held the light and shielded a girl maybe a year or two younger . 
 they were followed by a smaller boy who could be no more than eight years old . 
 they approached his bed as if nearing a lion 's den . 
 the taller boy , plainly the leader , swung to the younger one . 
 he whispered in russian , unintelligible but plainly a concerned inquiry . 
 he called the younger boy a name . 
 it sounded like peter . 
 the child nodded , pointed to the bed , and mumbled in russian with a ring of certainty to his words . 
 stirring in the bed , he finally rasped out , `` who are you ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 the taller boy shushed him with a glare and glanced toward the open doorway . 
 the children then split up and crossed around the bed . 
 the leader and the girl began freeing the straps that bound his limbs . 
 the smaller boy held back , eyes wide . 
 like his companions , the child was dressed in loose pants and a dark gray turtleneck sweater with a vest over it , along with a matching cable-knit hat . 
 the boy stared straight at him , unnervingly so , as if reading something on his forehead . 
 with his arms freed , he sat up . 
 the room swam again , but not as much as before . 
 he ran his hand over his head , trying to steady himself . 
 under his palm , he found his scalp smooth and a prickly line of sutures behind his left ear , confirming this supposition . 
 had he been shaved for surgery ? 
 still , as his palm ran across the smooth top of his head , the sensation felt somehow familiar , natural . 
 before he could ponder this contradiction , he pulled his other hand into view . 
 or rather tried to . 
 his other arm ended in a stump at the wrist . 
 his heart thudded harder in shock . 
 he must 've been in a horrible accident . 
 his remaining hand trailed across the tender sutures behind his ear , as if trying to read braille . 
 obviously a recent surgery . 
 but his wrist was calloused and long healed . 
 still , he could almost sense his missing fingers . 
 felt them curl into a phantom fist of frustration . 
 the taller boy stepped back from the bed . 
 `` come , '' he said in english . 
 from the clandestine nature of his release and furtive actions of his liberators , he sensed some amount of danger . 
 dressed in a thin hospital gown , he rolled his feet to the cold tiled floor . 
 the room tilted with the motion . 
 whoa ... a small groan of nausea escaped him . 
 `` hurry , '' the taller boy urged . 
 `` wait , '' he said , gulping air to settle his stomach . 
 `` tell me what is going on . '' 
 `` no time . '' 
 the tall boy stepped away . 
 he was gangly , all limbs . 
 he attempted to sound authoritative , but the cracking in his voice betrayed both his youth and his terror . 
 he touched his chest , introducing himself . 
 `` menia zavut konstantin . 
 you must come . 
 before it is too late . '' 
 `` but i. . . 
 i do n't ... '' `` da . 
 you are confused . 
 for now , know your zavut is monk kokkalis . '' 
 making a half-scoffing noise , he shook his head . 
 monk kokkalis . 
 the name meant nothing to him . 
 as he attempted to voice his disagreement , to correct the mistake , he realized he had no ammunition , only a blank where his name normally resided . 
 his heart clutched into a strained knot . 
 panic narrowed his vision . 
 how could that be ? 
 he fingered the sutures again . 
 had he taken a blow to the head ? 
 a concussion ? 
 he sought for any memory beyond waking up here in this room , but there was nothing , a wasteland . 
 what had happened ? 
 he stared again at the ekg monitor still connected to his chest by taped lead wires . 
 and over in the corner stood a blood pressure monitor and an i.v. pole . 
 so if he could name what lay around him , why could n't he remember his own name ? 
 he searched for a past , something to anchor him . 
 but beyond waking up here in this dark room , he had no memory . 
 the smaller of the two boys seemed to sense his growing distress . 
 the child stepped forward , his blue eyes catching the flash of the penlight . 
 monk-if that was really his name-sensed the boy knew more about him than he did himself . 
 proving this , the child seemed to read his heart and spoke the only words that would stir him from the bed . 
 the boy held up a small hand toward him , his fingers splayed , punctuating his need . 
 `` save us . '' 
 5 september 5 , 9:30 p.m. washington , d.c. `` chernobyl ? '' 
 elizabeth asked . 
 `` what was my father doing in russia ? '' 
 she stared across the coffee table at the two other men . 
 she was seated in an armchair with her back to a picture window that overlooked the woods of rock creek park . 
 they had been driven to this location after escaping the museum . 
 gray had used the words safe house , which had done little to make her feel safe . 
 it was like something out of a spy novel . 
 but the charm of the house-a two-story craftsman built of clinker brick and paneled in burnished tiger oak-helped calm her . 
 somewhat . 
 she had washed up upon arriving , taking several minutes to scrub her hands and splash water on her face . 
 but her hair still smelled of smoke , and her fingernails were still stained with paint . 
 afterward , she had sat for five minutes on the commode with her face in her palms , trying to make sense of the last few hours . 
 she had n't known she was crying until discovering her hands were damp . 
 it was all too much . 
 she still had n't had a chance to process the death of her father . 
 though she did n't doubt the truth of it , she had not come to accept the reality . 
 not until she had some answers . 
 it was those questions that finally drew her out of the bathroom . 
 she eyed the newcomer across a table set with coffee . 
 the man was introduced as gray 's boss , director painter crowe . 
 she studied him . 
 his features were angular , his complexion tanned . 
 as an anthropologist , she read the native american heritage in the set of his eyes-despite their glacial blue hue . 
 his dark hair ran with a small streak of white over one ear , like a heron feather tucked there . 
 gray shared the sofa with him , crouched and sifting through a stack of papers on the table . 
 before anyone could answer her question , kowalski returned from the kitchen in his stocking feet . 
 his freshly polished shoes rested on the cold hearth . 
 `` found some ritz crackers and something that looked like cheese . 
 not sure . 
 but they had salami . '' 
 he leaned to place the platter in front of elizabeth . 
 `` thank you , joe , '' she said , grateful for the simple and real gesture amid all the mystery . 
 the big man blushed a bit around the ears . 
 `` no problem , '' he grumbled as he straightened . 
 he pointed to the platter , seemed to forget what he was going to say-then with a shake of his head , retired to inspect his shoes again . 
 painter sat up straighter , drawing back elizabeth 's attention . 
 `` as to chernobyl , we do n't know why your father went there . 
 in fact , we ran his passport . 
 there 's no record of him visiting russia , or for that matter , ever reentering the united states . 
 we can only assume he was traveling with a false passport . 
 the last record we have of his travels was from five months ago . 
 he flew to india . 
 that 's the last we know about his whereabouts . '' 
 elizabeth nodded . 
 `` he travels there often . 
 at least twice a year . '' 
 gray shifted straighter . 
 `` to india . 
 why ? '' 
 `` for a research grant . 
 as a neurologist , he was studying the biological basis for instinct . 
 he worked with a professor of psychology at the university of mumbai . '' 
 gray glanced to his boss . 
 `` i 'll look into it , '' painter said . 
 `` but i had already heard of your father 's interest in instinct and intuition . 
 in fact , it was the basis for his involvement with the jasons . '' 
 this last was directed at gray , but elizabeth stiffened at the mention of the organization . 
 she could not hide her distaste . 
 `` so you know about them-the jasons . '' 
 painter glanced to gray , then back to her . 
 `` yes , we know your father was working for them . '' 
 `` working ? 
 more like obsessed with them . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 elizabeth explained how working with the military grew into an all-consuming passion with her father . 
 each summer , he 'd disappear for months at a time , sometimes longer . 
 the rest of his year was devoted to his responsibilities as a professor at m.i.t. . 
 as a result , he was seldom home . 
 it strained relations between her parents . 
 accusations grew into fights . 
 her mother came to believe her father was having an affair . 
 the tension at home only drove her father farther away . 
 a rocky marriage became a ruin . 
 her mother , already a borderline alcoholic , tipped over the edge . 
 when elizabeth was sixteen , her mother got drunk and crashed the family 's suv into the charles river . 
 it was never determined whether it was an accident or a suicide . 
 but elizabeth knew who deserved the brunt of the blame . 
 from that day forward , she seldom spoke to her father . 
 each retreated into their own world . 
 now he was gone , too . 
 forever . 
 despite her loss , she could not discount a burning seed of anger toward him . 
 even his strange death left so much unanswered . 
 `` do you think his involvement with the jasons had anything to do with his death ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 painter shook his head . 
 `` it 's hard to say . 
 we 're still early in the investigation . 
 but i was able to discover which classified military project was assigned to your father . 
 it was called project - '' '' - stargate , '' elizabeth finished for him . 
 she took some satisfaction from the man 's startled expression . 
 kowalski sat up straighter by the fireplace . 
 `` hey , i saw a movie about that ... had aliens and stuff , right ? '' 
 `` not that stargate , joe , '' she answered . 
 `` and do n't worry , mr. crowe . 
 my father did n't breech his top secret clearance . 
 i 'd heard my father mention the project by name a couple of times . 
 then a decade later , i read the declassified reports from the cia , released through the freedom of information act . '' 
 `` what 's this project about ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 painter nodded at the pile of papers on the table . 
 `` the full details are there , going back to the cold war . 
 it was officially overseen by the country 's second-largest think tank , the stanford research institute , which down the line would help develop stealth technologies . 
 but back in 1973 , the institute was commissioned by the cia to investigate the feasibility of using parapsychology to aid in intelligence gathering . '' 
 `` parapsychology ? '' 
 gray raised an eyebrow . 
 painter nodded . 
 `` telepathy , telekinesis ... but mostly they concentrated on remote viewing , using individuals to spy upon sites and activities from vast distances using only the power of their minds . 
 sort of like telepathy at a distance . '' 
 kowalski snorted his derision from across the room . 
 `` psychic spies . '' 
 `` as crazy as that might sound , you have to understand that during the darkest days of the cold war , any perceived advantage by the soviets had to be matched in turn by our own intelligence . 
 any technological gap could not be tolerated . 
 the soviet union was pulling out all the stops . 
 to the soviets , parapsychology was a multidisciplinary field , encompassing bionics , biophysics , psychophysics , physiology , and neurophysiology . '' 
 painter nodded to elizabeth . 
 `` like the work your father was performing on intuition and instinct . 
 the neurophysiology behind it . '' 
 elizabeth glanced at gray . 
 from the wary look in his eyes , he seemed hardly convinced , but he continued listening silently . 
 so she did the same . 
 `` according to reports by the cia , the soviets had begun producing results . 
 then in 1971 , the soviet program suddenly went into deep-black classification . 
 information dried up . 
 all we could ascertain was that research continued in russia , funded by the kgb . 
 we had to respond in kind or be left behind . 
 so the stanford research institute was commissioned to investigate . '' 
 `` and what were their results ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` mixed at best , '' painter acknowledged . 
 elizabeth had also read the declassified reports . 
 `` in truth , there was little success with the project . '' 
 `` that 's not entirely true , '' painter countered . 
 `` official reports showed that remote viewing produced useful results fifteen percent of the time , which was above statistical probability . 
 and then there were the exceptional cases . 
 like a new york artist , ingo swann . 
 he was able to describe buildings in fine detail when given mere longitude and latitude coordinates . 
 his hits , according to some officials , rose up to the eighty-five percent range . '' 
 painter must have read the continuing doubt in both their eyes . 
 he tapped the stack of papers . 
 `` the stanford research institute 's results were replicated by testing at fort meade and at the princeton engineering anomalies research laboratory . 
 in addition , there were several prominent successes . 
 one of the most cited cases involved the kidnapping and rescue of brigadier-general james dozier . 
 according to the physicist in charge of the project , one remote viewer ascertained the name of the town where the general was being held , while another described details of the building , all the way down to the bed where he was chained . 
 such results are hard to readily dismiss . '' 
 `` yet it was , '' elizabeth said . 
 `` from my understanding , the research stopped in the mid-1990s . 
 the program was dismantled . '' 
 `` not entirely , '' painter added cryptically . 
 before he could explain , gray interrupted . 
 `` but back to the beginning , what does all this have to do with the jasons ? '' 
 `` ah , i was just going to get to that . 
 it seems that the stanford research institute , like the soviets , had begun to broaden the parameters of their research , extending it into other scientific disciplines . '' 
 `` like neurophysiology , '' gray said . 
 `` dr. polk 's work . '' 
 painter nodded . 
 `` while the project was deeply classified , they did outsource to two jasons who were doing parallel research . 
 one of them was your father , elizabeth . 
 the other was dr. trent mcbride , a biomedical engineer in brain physiology . '' 
 elizabeth knew that name . 
 she remembered late-night visits , her father sequestering himself with strangers in his study , including dr. mcbride . 
 he was hard to forget with his loud , boisterous voice , but in a good-hearted way . 
 he also brought her gifts when she was younger . 
 first editions of nancy drew . 
 `` i attempted to contact dr. mcbride , '' painter continued . 
 `` only to learn that no one 's heard from him in the last five months . '' 
 elizabeth felt a cold chill . 
 five months . 
 `` the same time my father flew to india . '' 
 she shared a worried glance with gray . 
 what was going on ? 
 9:40 p.m. yuri raev exited the elevator on the subbasement floor of the research facility . 
 after getting the phone call , it had taken him forty-five minutes to reach the walter reed army institute of research in maryland . 
 the building housed half a million square feet of laboratory space , much of it designated for bl-3 biohazard research , meaning it dealt with all manner of infectious diseases . 
 yuri had used the panic code-pandora-to reach the jasons . 
 it had taken another ten minutes to patch an alert to those he sought , an inner cabal of the organization who had cooperated with the russians on the project for the greater good of both nations . 
 yuri had hoped to get the jasons working on his behalf , to keep sasha out of mapplethorpe 's hands . 
 the jasons , with their various scientific backgrounds , understood the delicacy it took in handling the child , both physiologically and psychologically . 
 mapplethorpe on the other hand was all about brinkmanship , political ambitions , and blind self-interest . 
 yuri did n't trust the man . 
 with sasha missing , yuri needed allies on american soil . 
 he 'd been instructed to meet dr. james chen , a neurologist and a member of the inner circle , to plan a strategy . 
 they would be joined by another . 
 someone who could help , he was cryptically told . 
 yuri was given specific directions and clearance to the location of the rendezvous . 
 he started down the hallway . 
 at this hour , all the doors were closed . 
 few laboratories were down at this level . 
 as he walked , bleach burned his nose and masked a muskier scent . 
 behind one door , he heard a familiar soft hoot of something simian . 
 here was where the facility must house its live-animal research subjects , deserted of personnel at this hour . 
 he checked the room number . 
 b-2 340 . 
 he found the door with a frosted glass panel and knocked . 
 a shadow passed across the pane , and the door opened promptly . 
 `` dr. raev . 
 thank you for coming . '' 
 yuri barely got a glimpse of the young asian man as he turned away . 
 he wore a white laboratory coat over blue denim pants . 
 a pair of eyeglasses rested atop his head , as if forgotten there . 
 the room held a utilitarian table along one wall , and a bank of stainless-steel cages filled the opposite side . 
 a few whiskered black noses poked between the bars . 
 the scritch-scratch of tiny nails whispered from the cages . 
 laboratory rats . 
 only these were hairless , except for their whiskers . 
 dr. chen led him through an open back door . 
 there he found a cluttered office : a steel desk stacked with journals , a whiteboard jotted with boxed to-do lists , and a bookcase crammed with glass specimen jars . 
 yuri was surprised to find a familiar figure hulked behind the desk , a cell phone at his ear . 
 the man , edging toward his midfifties , demonstrated his scottish heritage in his massive frame , ruddy cheeks , and a red-and-gray beard tidily trimmed close to a jutting jaw . 
 he was the head of the cabal of jasons assigned to assist the russians-and also a colleague and longtime friend of archibald polk . 
 dr. trent mcbride . 
 `` he 's just arrived , '' the man said into the phone with a nod toward yuri . 
 `` i 'll brief everyone in an hour . '' 
 mcbride closed his cell phone , stood , and held out his hand . 
 `` i 've been updated on your situation , yuri . 
 considering the girl 's fragile state , this is a top priority . 
 we 'll do what we can to help find the child . '' 
 yuri shook his hand and sat down . 
 although startled , he felt relieved to find mcbride here . 
 beneath his good-natured bravado , the man had a sharp and practical mind . 
 `` so then you understand , '' yuri said , `` how vital it is that we acquire her again ? 
 and soon . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` how many hours can the girl survive without her medication ? '' 
 `` thirty-two . '' 
 `` and her last injection ? '' 
 `` seven hours , '' he answered grimly . 
 that leaves sasha only a little over a day to be found . 
 `` then we 'll have to move fast , '' mcbride said . 
 `` as you might suspect , mapplethorpe had already called me . 
 in fact , that 's why i 'm here myself . '' 
 `` i thought you were in geneva . 
 had n't you decided to keep a low profile ? 
 to keep hidden ? '' 
 `` just until matters with archibald settled out . '' 
 his eyes hardened slightly at yuri . 
 `` which it seems it has . 
 though the outcome could have been better . 
 he was my friend . '' 
 `` you know , as well as i , that dr. polk would not have survived another few days . 
 i had to do what was necessary . '' 
 mcbride seemed little mollified . 
 `` and if you recall , '' yuri added , `` i voted against approaching dr. polk in the first place . '' 
 mcbride sagged back into his chair with a squeak . 
 `` i truly thought archibald would be more amenable , especially once he saw the project firsthand . 
 after all , it was an extension of his life 's work . 
 and considering the threat he posed , the only other option was - '' again a sad shrug . 
 dr. polk had been treading too close to the heart of the research project . 
 closer than even mcbride knew . 
 it left them only two choices : recruit him or eliminate him . 
 recruitment failed ... disastrously . 
 brought to the warren , the man had ended up escaping with valuable intelligence . 
 they had no choice but to hunt him down . 
 `` i 'm sorry about archibald , '' yuri said . 
 and he truly was . 
 dr. polk 's death , while a tragic necessity , was still a profound loss . 
 on his own , the professor had accomplished so much , even coming close to exposing what the russians had been keeping secret from the americans . 
 ultimately both sides had underestimated dr. polk 's resourcefulness . 
 both prior to kidnapping him and afterward . 
 yuri continued . 
 `` in regards to the missing girl - '' mcbride interrupted . 
 `` i presume she is one of your omega subjects . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` tested at the ninety-seven percentile range . 
 she 's vital to our project . 
 to both our work . 
 i fear mapplethorpe does n't understand the delicate balance needed to keep an omega subject alive and functioning . '' 
 mcbride rubbed the bridge of his nose . 
 `` during my phone conversation with him , mapplethorpe did happen to suggest that we might want to acquire the child ourselves . '' 
 `` i suspected he would try something like that . '' 
 behind yuri , the door to the outer office opened . 
 he heard dr. chen greet someone , stiff and formal . 
 yuri swung around , shocked to see the subject of their discussion appear at the door . 
 mapplethorpe 's sagging features looked even more dour than usual . 
 a chill of misgiving spiked through yuri . 
 mcbride stood . 
 `` john , we were just talking about you . 
 did your team have any luck acquiring the augmented skull ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we 've scoured both museums . '' 
 `` odd , '' mcbride said with a worried frown . 
 `` and what word on the girl ? '' 
 `` we have helicopters sweeping the entire city grid , section by section , radiating out from the zoo . 
 still no hits on the tracking device . '' 
 yuri fixed upon this last bit of information . 
 `` tracking ... what tracking device ? '' 
 mcbride stepped around the desk . 
 he held out a closed fist toward yuri-then opened his fingers and exposed a tiny object resting on his palm . 
 barely larger than the head of a pin . 
 yuri had to lean closer to even see it . 
 `` wonders of nanotechnology , '' mcbride said . 
 `` a passive microtransmitter with burst-pulse attenuator , all housed in a sterile polymer sleeve . 
 while on my last visit to the warren , i had all the children injected with them . '' 
 yuri knew nothing about such implantations ; then again , he was n't kept abreast of everything . 
 `` did savina approve such trackers ? '' 
 he glanced up to see mcbride lift one eyebrow at him . 
 surely you 're smarter than that , dr. raev , he seemed to imply . 
 yuri realized what the american was insinuating . 
 savina knew nothing about the matter . 
 it was mcbride who had injected the children-in secret , without anyone 's knowledge . 
 he 'd had plenty of access to the children , but always while being monitored . 
 yuri studied the size of the microtransmitter . 
 it was small enough to have been delivered in a hundred different ways . 
 why would mcbride - ? 
 yuri 's mind quickly cascaded through the possibilities , implications , and consequences . 
 mcbride must have placed trackers in all the children . 
 once he had the children implanted , all he had to do was set up the proper scenario that would require one or more of the children to leave the nest . 
 yuri pictured archibald polk 's face . 
 the realization struck him like a blow to the solar plexus . 
 `` it was a ruse all along , '' yuri gasped out . 
 `` dr. polk 's escape ... '' mcbride smiled his agreement . 
 `` very good . '' 
 mapplethorpe 's shadow fell upon him like a physical weight . 
 yuri had been played the fool . 
 he glared over at mcbride . 
 `` you were at the warren when archibald escaped . 
 you helped him escape . '' 
 a nod . 
 `` we needed some way to lure one of your omega subjects out into the open . '' 
 `` you used dr. polk like bait . 
 your own friend and colleague . '' 
 `` a necessity , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` did he ... did archibald know he was being used ? '' 
 mcbride sighed with a tired ache in his voice . 
 `` i think he might have suspected ... though he did n't have much choice . 
 die or run the gauntlet . 
 sometimes you have to be a patriot whether you want to or not . 
 and i must say he did well . 
 he almost crossed the goal line . '' 
 `` all this , to kidnap one child ? '' 
 mcbride rubbed the bridge of his nose . 
 `` we suspected you russians were hiding something , yes ? '' 
 yuri kept his face passive . 
 mcbride was right , but he had no idea of the breadth of what was hidden . 
 `` we will use this child , '' he continued , `` to start our own program here in the united states . 
 to study in greater detail what you 've done to the child . 
 despite our repeated inquiries , your group has not been forthcoming with a full account . 
 you 've been holding back key data from the start . '' 
 and they had-not just data , but also future plans . 
 yuri asked out loud , `` what about sasha 's medications ? '' 
 `` we 'll manage . 
 with your cooperation . '' 
 yuri shook his head . 
 `` never . '' 
 `` i was afraid you 'd say that . '' 
 a flick of mcbride 's eye drew yuri 's attention over his shoulder . 
 mapplethorpe held a gun in his hand . 
 he fired at point-blank range . 
 9:45 p.m. gray was not one to stomach coincidences . 
 two scientists on the same project go missing at the same time-then one turns up in washington , irradiated and on death 's door . 
 gray massaged an ache behind his temples . 
 `` elizabeth , all this has to somehow tie back to your father 's original research . '' 
 painter nodded . 
 `` but the question is how ? 
 if we knew more details ... perhaps something not in your father 's records . '' 
 the question hung in the air . 
 elizabeth glanced down to her lap . 
 her hands were clutched tightly together . 
 she seemed to finally note the tension there and unlatched her fingers , stretching them a bit . 
 she mumbled dully . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 these last years ... we were n't talking much . 
 he was n't happy i was going into anthropology . 
 he wanted me to follow in his ... '' she shook her head . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 gray reached out , poured a mug of hot coffee , and passed it to her . 
 she accepted it with a nod . 
 she did n't drink it , just held it between her palms , warming them . 
 `` your father must not have been too unhappy with your career choice , '' gray offered . 
 `` he obtained that research position for you with the museum in greece . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` his assistance was n't as altruistic as it sounds . 
 my father had always been interested in the delphic oracle . 
 such prophetic women tied into his studies about intuition and instinct . 
 my father came to believe there was something inherent in these women , something they shared . 
 a genetic commonality . 
 or a shared neurological abnormality . 
 so you see , my father got me that position in delphi only so i could help with his research . '' 
 `` but what sort of research was he doing exactly ? '' 
 gray said , encouraging her . 
 `` anything you know might help . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i can tell you what started my father 's obsession with intuition and instinct . '' 
 she glanced between them . 
 `` do either of you know of the earliest experiments the russians did involving intuition ? '' 
 they shook their heads . 
 `` it was a horrible experiment , but it meshed with my father 's own line of neurophysiology . 
 a couple decades ago , the russians separated a mother cat from her kittens . 
 they then took the litter down in a submarine . 
 while monitoring the mother cat 's vital signs , the russian submariners killed one of her kittens . 
 at the exact moment this happened , the mother 's heart rate spiked , and her brain activity registered severe pain . 
 the cat became agitated and confused . 
 they repeated it with the other kittens over the next few days . 
 each time with exactly the same results . 
 though separated by distance , the mother seemed to sense the death of her kittens . '' 
 `` a form of maternal instinct , '' gray said . 
 elizabeth nodded . 
 `` or intuition . 
 either way , to my father , this was verifiable proof of some biological connection . 
 he focused his research to seek a neurological basis for this strange phenomenon . 
 eventually he teamed up with the professor in india , who was studying similar abilities among the yogis and mystics of that country . '' 
 `` what abilities ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 elizabeth took a sip of the hot coffee . 
 she shook her head slightly . 
 `` my father began reading up on anecdotal stories of people with special mental talents . 
 he weeded out crackpots and charlatans and sought out cases with some measure of verifiable proof , those rare cases substantiated by real scientists . 
 like by albert einstein . '' 
 gray did not mask his surprise . 
 `` einstein ? '' 
 a nod . 
 `` at the turn of the century , an indian woman named shakuntala was brought to universities around the world to demonstrate her strange abilities . 
 she had no more than the equivalent of a high school education , but she had an inexplicable skill with mathematics . 
 doing massive calculations in her head . '' 
 `` some form of savant talent ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 `` more than that , actually . 
 with chalk in hand , the woman would begin writing the answer to a question before it was even voiced . 
 even einstein bore witness to her skill . 
 he posed to her a question that took him three months to solve , involving an intricate number of steps . 
 again before he could finish even asking the question , she was chalking out the answer , a solution that covered the width of the blackboard . 
 he asked her how she was able to do that , but she did n't know , claiming that figures just started to appear before her eyes and she simply wrote them down . '' 
 elizabeth stared over at them , plainly expecting disbelief . 
 but gray simply nodded for her to continue . 
 his acquiescence seemed to irritate her , as if gray dismissing such stories would somehow vindicate something inside her . 
 `` there were other cases , too , '' she continued . 
 `` again in india . 
 a boy who pulled a rickshaw in madras . 
 he could answer mathematical questions without even hearing the question . 
 his explanation was that he would be overcome with a sense of anxiety when someone with a mathematical question was near him . 
 and the answer would appear lined up in his head ` like soldiers . ' 
 he was eventually taken to oxford , where he was tested . 
 to prove his skill , he answered mathematical questions that were unsolvable at the time . 
 oxford recorded his results . 
 decades later , when higher levels of mathematics were developed , his answers were proven correct . 
 but by that time , the boy had died of old age . '' 
 elizabeth set down her mug of coffee . 
 `` as astounding as these cases were , they also frustrated my father to no end . 
 he needed living test subjects . 
 so , as he continued to collate anecdotal evidence , he found many of the most intriguing cases clustered in india . 
 among their yogis and mystics . 
 at the time , other scientists were already discovering the physiological basis for many of the yogis ' amazing skills . 
 like withstanding extreme cold for days by adjusting the flow of blood to their limbs and skin . 
 or fasting for months by lowering their basal metabolic rate . '' 
 gray nodded . 
 he had studied many of such yogis ' teachings . 
 it all came down to a matter of mental control , of tapping into bodily functions that were considered to be involuntary . 
 `` my father immersed himself in indian history , language , even with the ancient vedic texts of prophecy . 
 he sought out skilled yogis and began to test them : blood tests , electroencephalograms , brain mapping , even taking dna tests to track the lineage of the individuals with the most talent . 
 ultimately he sought to scientifically prove that there was an organic basis in the brain for what the russians had demonstrated with the mother cat . '' 
 painter sank back into the sofa . 
 `` it 's no wonder he was tapped for the stanford project . 
 his research certainly dovetailed with their objective . '' 
 `` but why would my father be murdered over this ? 
 it 's been years . '' 
 her eyes met gray 's . 
 `` and what does that strange skull have to do with any of this ? '' 
 `` we do n't know yet , '' painter answered , `` but by morning , we should know more about the skull . '' 
 gray hoped he was right . 
 a team of experts had been called into sigma to examine the strange object . 
 it was with some reluctance that gray allowed the skull to be couriered over to central command . 
 sensing it was the key to the mystery , he hated to have it out of his sight . 
 a knock at the door ended further discussion . 
 painter craned around ; kowalski stood up , one of his shoes in hand . 
 gray climbed to his feet , too . 
 two plainclothed guards had been posted outside the house . 
 if there was any problem , they would have radioed . 
 still , gray unsnapped his holster and slipped out his semiautomatic pistol . 
 outfitted with radios , why would one of the guards be knocking ? 
 he waved the others back and approached the front entry . 
 he kept to the side and crossed to a small video monitor split into four views , each a live feed from exterior cameras . 
 the upper left featured a view of the porch . 
 two figures stood there , a few steps from the door . 
 a wiry man in a red windbreaker held the hand of a small child . 
 a girl . 
 she fidgeted with a ribbon in her hair . 
 gray read no overt threat in the man 's manner . 
 in his other hand was a thick sheet of paper . 
 maybe an envelope . 
 the figure bent down to the bottom of the door . 
 gray tensed , but it was just a sheet of yellow paper . 
 the man slid it under the door . 
 the sheet skittered across the waxed wooden floor of the entrance hall . 
 it sailed to gray 's toes . 
 he stared down at a child 's scrawl in black crayon . 
 in crude but deliberate strokes , it depicted the main room of the safe house . 
 fireplace , chairs , sofa . 
 exactly as the room was laid out . 
 four shapes were drawn there , too . 
 two sat on the sofa , one on a chair . 
 a larger figure leaned by the hearth with a shoe in his hand and had to be kowalski . 
 it was a child 's picture of their room . 
 gray stared back at the video monitor . 
 movement drew his attention to the other feeds from the three exterior cameras . 
 men stepped into view , also in windbreakers . 
 gray watched one guard , then the other appear , held at gunpoint . 
 kowalski stepped to gray 's side , having crossed silently on his stocking feet . 
 he also studied the screen , then sighed . 
 `` great , '' kowalski commented . 
 `` what do you all do ? 
 post the addresses for your hideaways on the internet ? '' 
 outside , the guards were forced to their knees . 
 the house was surrounded . 
 they were trapped . 
 on the other side of the world , the man named monk sought his own path to freedom . 
 as the three children stood guard at his hospital room door , monk struggled into a pair of thick denim coveralls , dark blue to match the long-sleeved shirt he wore . 
 it was difficult with only one hand . 
 all that remained on the chair were a black cable-knit wool cap and a pair of thick socks . 
 he tugged the cap over his shaved head and pushed into the heavy socks , then into boots that were a bit snug , but the leather was worn and broken in . 
 the privacy allowed monk to gather his wits about him , though it had done little to fill in the blanks of his life . 
 he still could n't remember anything beyond waking up here . 
 but at least the exertion of dressing helped steady his feet . 
 he joined the oldest of the boys , konstantin , at the door , which was steel and had a locking bar on the outside . 
 the stoutness of the door confirmed he 'd been a prisoner and that this was an escape . 
 the youngest of the trio , pyotr , took monk 's hand and tugged him down the hall , away from the glow of a nurse 's station . 
 he remembered the boy 's earlier plea . 
 save us . 
 monk did n't understand . 
 from what ? 
 the girl , who he had learned was named kiska , led the way to a back stairwell , lit by a red neon sign . 
 passing under it to the stairs , monk stared up at the sign 's lettering . 
 cyrillic . 
 he had to be in russia . 
 despite his lack of memory , he knew he did n't belong here . 
 his thoughts were in english . 
 without a british accent . 
 that meant he had to be american , did n't it ? 
 if he could recognize all that , why could n't he - a cascade of images suddenly blinded him , frozen snapshots of another life , popping like camera flashes in his head - ... a smile ... a kitchen with someone 's back turned to him ... the steel head of a sharp ax flashing across blue sky ... lights rising from deep in dark water ... then it was gone . 
 his head pounded . 
 he tried to catch himself on the stair railing and instinctively grabbed out with his stumped arm . 
 his scarred forearm slid along the railing . 
 he barely caught his balance . 
 he stared down at his stump and recalled one of the flashes of memory . 
 ... the steel head of an ax flashing across blue sky . 
 was that how it had happened ? 
 ahead , the children rushed down the stairs . 
 except for the youngest boy . 
 pyotr still held his one good hand . 
 he stared up at monk with eyes so blue they were almost white . 
 tiny fingers squeezed his own , reassuring . 
 a gentle tug urged him onward . 
 he stumbled after the others . 
 they encountered no one on the stairs and exited out a back doorway and into a moonless , overcast night . 
 the air had a chill to it and hung still and damp . 
 monk took in deep breaths , slowing his hammering heart . 
 the massive hum of a generator filled the space . 
 monk studied the size and breadth of the hospital , sprawling out in low wings and encompassing two five-story towers . 
 `` come . 
 this way , '' konstantin said , taking the lead now . 
 they hurried down a dark cobblestone alleyway between the hospital and a wall that climbed two stories on their left . 
 monk looked up , trying to get his bearings . 
 a few lamps glowed beyond the wall , highlighting the tile roofs of hidden buildings . 
 they reached a corner and slipped behind the walled enclosure . 
 the ground became raw rock , slippery with dew . 
 there were no lights here on the back side . 
 all monk could make out was the wall they followed , built of concrete blocks . 
 his palm ran along it as they ran . 
 from the rough mortaring and uneven lay of the bricks , it must have been hastily constructed . 
 monk heard an eerie yowl echoing over the wall . 
 this was followed by muffled barks and stifled sharper cries . 
 his feet slowed . 
 animals . 
 was this some form of zoo ? 
 as if the tall boy ahead had read his thoughts , konstantin glanced back and mouthed the word menagerie and waved him onward . 
 menagerie ? 
 they reached the far corner , and the path sloped steeply downward from there . 
 from the vantage of their height , monk stared across a bowled valley and a picturesque village of cobbled lanes and cottages with peaked roofs and flower boxes . 
 ornate black streetlamps flickered with gas flames . 
 a three-story school filled one corner of the village , surrounded by ball fields and an open amphitheater . 
 the small village clustered around a central square , where a tall fountain 's spray danced and glittered . 
 on the far side of the village rose row after row of industrial-looking apartment buildings , each five stories , squared and laid out in a practical grid . 
 dark and lightless , it had a dilapidated , deserted feeling to it . 
 unlike the village below . 
 people milled in confusion below . 
 shouts echoed . 
 he saw children gathered in nightclothes , mingling with adults , some similarly attired , woken from their beds . 
 others wore gray uniforms and stiff-brimmed hats . 
 flashlights danced through the narrow streets . 
 something had roused the place . 
 he heard names called , some beckoning , some angry . 
 `` konstantin ! 
 pyotr ! 
 kiska ! '' 
 the children . 
 a flaming red flare arced upward from the town center , lighting up the sleepy little village , laying stark the buildings beyond , dancing fire over the concrete walls and hollow-eyed windows . 
 monk 's gaze tracked the flare as it reached its zenith , popped out a tiny parachute , and floated downward . 
 monk 's attention remained above . 
 the sky ... it was n't just moonless . 
 it was n't there at all . 
 the ruddy glow of the flare revealed a massive dome of rock , stretching overhead in all directions , swallowing up the entire place . 
 monk gaped , stumbling around in a stunned circle . 
 they had n't made it outside . 
 they were inside a giant cavern . 
 possibly man-made from the blasted look of the roof and walls . 
 he stared down at the perfect little village , preserved in the cavern like a ship in a bottle . 
 but there was no time for further sightseeing . 
 konstantin tugged him down behind a limestone outcropping . 
 a trio of jeeps quietly hummed up a steep road toward them , passed them , and headed toward the hospital complex . 
 the vehicles appeared to be electric-powered and were manned by men in uniforms , bearing guns . 
 not good . 
 once the jeeps were out of sight , konstantin pointed away from the village , toward the darkness of the deeper cavern . 
 they traversed the rocky landscape and came upon a thin path , seldom used from the looks of it . 
 they skirted the subterranean village , sticking to the upper slopes of the cavern . 
 monk noted a yawning tunnel on the far side , lit by electric lights , sealed by giant metal doors wide enough that two cement trucks could have entered , side by side . 
 it marked a roadway that exited the cavern . 
 but the children led him in the opposite direction . 
 where were they taking him ? 
 behind , a loud alarm erupted , deafening as an air raid siren in the enclosed space . 
 all four of them turned . 
 a red light flashed and whirled atop the hospital complex . 
 the villagers had come to realize another truth . 
 it was n't just the children who had gone missing . 
 monk attempted to herd the kids down the path , but the loud noise had incapacitated them . 
 they covered their ears and squeezed their eyes shut . 
 kiska looked sick to her stomach . 
 konstantin was on his knees , rocking . 
 pyotr hugged tight to monk . 
 hypersensitive . 
 still , monk urged them onward , carrying pyotr , half dragging kiska . 
 monk glanced back toward the flashing siren . 
 he may have lost his memory-or more precisely , had it forcibly extracted-but he knew one thing for dead certain . 
 he would lose much more than his memory if caught again . 
 and he feared the children would suffer even worse . 
 they had to keep going-but to where ? 
 6 september 6 , 5:22 a.m. kiev , ukraine nicolas solokov waited for the cameras to be set up . 
 he had already been prepped and still wore a collar of tissue paper tucked into his white starched shirt to keep the makeup 's cake from staining his shirt and midnight blue suit . 
 he had retreated for a private moment of introspection into one of the back hospital wards . 
 the international news crews were still preparing for the morning broadcast out on the steps of the orphanage . 
 in the back ward of the kiev children 's home , sunlight streamed through high windows . 
 a single nurse moved quietly among the beds . 
 here the worst cases were hidden away : a two-year-old girl with an inoperable thyroid tumor in her throat , a ten-year-old boy with a swollen head from hydrocephalus , another younger boy whose eyes were dulled by severe mental retardation . 
 this last boy was strapped down , all four limbs . 
 the nurse , a squarish ukrainian matron in a blue smock , noted his attention . 
 `` so he does n't hurt himself , senator , '' she explained , her eyes exhausted from seeing too much suffering . 
 but there had been worse cases . 
 in 1993 , a baby had been born in moldova with two heads , two hearts , two spinal cords , but only one set of limbs . 
 there was another child whose brain was born outside his skull . 
 all the legacy of chernobyl . 
 in spring of 1986 , reactor number four of the chernobyl nuclear power plant had exploded during the middle of the night . 
 over the course of ten days , it spewed radiation that was the equivalent of four hundred hiroshima bombs in a plume that circled the globe . 
 to date , according to the russian academy of medical sciences , over one hundred thousand people had died from radiation exposure and another seven million were exposed , most of them children , leaving an ongoing legacy of cancers and genetic abnormalities . 
 and now the second wave of the tragedy was beginning , where those who had been exposed at a young age were having children themselves . 
 a 30 percent increase in birth defects had been reported . 
 for that reason , the volatile and charismatic leader of the lower house of the russian parliament had come here . 
 nicolas 's own district of chelyabinsk lay a thousand miles away , but it had similar concerns . 
 in the ural mountains of his district , most of the fuel for chernobyl had been mined , along with the plutonium for the soviet weapons program . 
 it remained one of the most radioactive places on the planet . 
 `` they 're ready for you , senator , '' his aide said behind him . 
 he turned to face her . 
 elena ozerov , a trim raven-haired woman in her early twenties with a smoky complexion , wore a black business suit that hid her small br ** sts and turned her into something androgynously asexual . 
 she was stern , taciturn , and always at his side . 
 the press referred to her as nicolas 's rasputin , which he did not discourage . 
 it all went along with his political plan to be seen as the bold reformer , while simultaneously harkening back to the former czarist glory of the old russian empire . 
 even his namesake , nicolas ii , the last czar of the romanov dynasty , had been imprisoned and killed in yekaterinburg , where nicolas was born . 
 while the czar had been a failed leader during his life , after his death he had been canonized by the russian orthodox church . 
 the bishops built the gold-domed cathedral of the blood over the home where the family had been murdered . 
 the construction marked a symbolic rebirth of the romanovs . 
 some claimed the forty-one-year-old senator nicolas solokov , with his lankish black hair and curled short beard , was the czar himself reborn . 
 he encouraged such comparisons . 
 as russia sought to rise again on shaky legs-burdened by debt and poverty , rife with graft and corruption-it needed a new leader for this new millennium . 
 nicolas intended to be that leader . 
 and much more . 
 he allowed elena to pinch away the ring of tissue paper from around his neck . 
 she looked him up and down , then nodded her approval . 
 nicolas stepped toward the lights waiting for him outside . 
 he pushed through the doors , followed circumspectly by elena . 
 the podium sat up at the top of the stairs , framed with the name of the orphanage behind him . 
 he marched to the bristle of microphones at the podium and held an arm high against the barrage of questions . 
 he heard one reporter shout a question about his former ties to the kgb , another about his family 's financial connections to the vast mining operations out in the ural mountains . 
 as he rose in power , so did the voices of those who sought to pull him down . 
 ignoring the questions , he set his own agenda . 
 leaning toward the microphones , he let his voice boom out over the nattering questions . 
 `` it is time to shut these doors ! '' 
 he shouted , pointing back toward the entrance to the orphanage behind him . 
 `` the children of the ukraine , of belarus , of all of mother russia , have suffered from the sins of our past . 
 never again ! '' 
 nicolas let his anger ring out . 
 he knew how it looked on camera . 
 the hard face of reform and outrage . 
 he continued his impassioned plea for a new vision of russia , a call for action , a call to look forward while not forgetting the past . 
 `` two days from now , the number four reactor at chernobyl will be sealed under a new steel dome . 
 the new sarcophagus will mark the end of a tragedy and be forever a memorial to all the men and women who gave their lives to protect not only our motherland , but also the world . 
 firemen who stood firm with their hoses while radiation burned away their futures . 
 pilots who risked the toxic plume to haul in concrete and supplies . 
 miners who came from across the country to help build the first shield to entomb the reactor . 
 these glorious men and women , fierce with nationalistic pride , are the true heart of russia ! 
 let us never forget them , nor their sacrifice ! '' 
 the crowd behind the reporters had grown as nicolas spoke . 
 he was heartened by the cheers and claps as he paused . 
 this was the first of many speeches he would be giving , leading up to the ceremony at chernobyl itself , where the new sarcophagus would be rolled over the toxic core of the dead reactor . 
 the original concrete shield was already crumbling , meant only as a short-term fix , and that was twenty years ago . 
 the new sarcophagus weighed eighteen thousand tons and stood half as tall as the eiffel tower . 
 it was the largest movable structure on the planet . 
 other politicians were already capitalizing on the event with similar events and speeches . 
 but nicolas had been the loudest and most vocal , a champion for nuclear reform , for cleaning up the radiological hotbeds around the country . 
 many sought to stifle his rhetoric due to the extreme cost . 
 members of his own parliament ridiculed and lambasted him in the press . 
 but nicolas knew he was right . 
 as they all would see one day . 
 `` and mark my words ! '' 
 he continued . 
 `` while we put an end to one chapter of our history , i fear we 've only put our finger in a hole in the dike . 
 our nuclear past is not done with us yet ... nor the world . 
 when such a time comes , i hope we all prove to have the same stout hearts as those brave men and women who gave up their futures on that tragic day . 
 so let us not squander the gift they 've given us . 
 let us bring about a new renaissance ! 
 from fire , a new world can be born . '' 
 he knew his eyes glinted as he spoke these last words . 
 it was the slogan of his reform . 
 a new renaissance . 
 a russian renaissance . 
 all it needed was a little push in the right direction . 
 elena leaned toward him , touched his elbow , wanting a word . 
 he tilted toward her as the crack of a rifle blasted from the park across the street . 
 from the corner of his eye , he caught the flash of muzzle fire a fraction of a second before something ripped past his ear . 
 sniper . 
 assassin . 
 elena pulled him down behind the podium as cries and screams erupted from the crowd . 
 chaos ruled for a breath . 
 nicolas used the moment to brush his lips across elena 's . 
 his hand combed through her long hair ; one finger traced the curve of cold surgical steel that hugged the back of her ear . 
 he whispered into their kiss . 
 `` that went well . '' 
 10:25 p.m. washington , d.c. painter joined gray near the front entry and stared at the video feed . 
 he studied the guards held at gunpoint . 
 the shadowy man on the stoop called through the door , as if sensing their presence . 
 `` we mean no harm , '' he said , his accent sharp , marking him as eastern european . 
 painter stared at the stranger on the screen . 
 then to the girl who stood beside him , holding the stranger 's hand . 
 she was staring straight into the hidden camera . 
 the man called again . 
 `` we are allies of archibald polk ! '' 
 he sounded unsure of himself , as if he did n't know if those in the house would know what that meant . 
 `` we do n't have much time ! '' 
 elizabeth hovered behind painter . 
 they shared a look . 
 if there were to be any answers about the fate of her father , a risk had to be taken . 
 but not too large of a risk . 
 painter hit the intercom button and spoke into it . 
 `` if you are allies , then you 'll free our men and drop your weapons . '' 
 the man on the porch shook his head . 
 `` not until you prove you can be trusted . 
 we have risked much to bring the girl here . 
 exposed ourselves . '' 
 painter glanced to gray . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` we 'll let you inside , '' painter said . 
 `` but only you and the girl . '' 
 `` and i will keep your men out here to ensure our safety . '' 
 kowalski grumbled next to them . 
 `` one big happy family . '' 
 painter motioned gray to take elizabeth around the corner . 
 painter kept his body to the side of the door . 
 kowalski flanked the other side , standing in his stockings . 
 the large man raised his only weapon : the shoe in his hand . 
 that would have to do . 
 painter undid the bolt and cracked the door open . 
 the stranger lifted his palm to show it was empty . 
 the girl held his other hand . 
 she appeared no older than ten , dark-haired in a checkered gray-and-black dress . 
 the man had an olive complexion with a heavy five-o'clock shadow . 
 maybe egyptian or arabic . 
 his eyes , so brown they appeared black in the porch light , smoldered with wary threat . 
 he wore jeans and a dark crimson windbreaker . 
 the stranger turned his head , but his gaze never wavered from the open doorway . 
 he barked to his men . 
 painter did n't understand the language , but from the tones it sounded like a command to stay alert . 
 `` he 's a gypsy , '' kowalski mumbled . 
 painter glanced to the large man . 
 `` had a family down the street from mine . '' 
 kowalski thumbed at the stranger . 
 `` that was romani he was speaking . '' 
 `` he is right , '' the stranger said . 
 `` my name is luca hearn . '' 
 painter pulled the doorway wider and motioned the man inside . 
 the stranger stepped across the threshold cautiously , but he nodded a greeting to painter and kowalski . 
 `` sastimos . '' 
 `` nais tuke , '' kowalski answered . 
 `` but just so you know , that 's about all the romani language i remember . '' 
 painter led luca and the child back to the main living room . 
 she moved with a slight tremble to her limbs . 
 her face gleamed with a feverish cast to it . 
 luca noted gray to the side , holding a pistol . 
 painter waved for gray to holster the weapon . 
 he sensed no direct threat from the man . 
 only an unwavering caution . 
 elizabeth stepped forward . 
 `` you mentioned my father . '' 
 luca crinkled his brow , not understanding . 
 painter explained , `` she is archibald polk 's daughter . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 he bowed his head in her direction . 
 `` i am sorry for your loss . 
 he was a great man . '' 
 `` what do you know about my father ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` who is this girl ? '' 
 the child pulled free of the man 's hand and crossed to the table . 
 she sat down on her knees next to it and rocked back and forth . 
 `` the girl ? '' 
 luca said . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 a mystery . 
 i received a message from your father . 
 a frantic voice mail . 
 it was chaotic , spoken in a rush . 
 he ordered us to buy a dozen cobra marine receivers from radio shack and to tune them to a certain wavelength . 
 he sounded crazy , babbling off numbers . 
 he wanted us to stake out the national mall . 
 to watch for a package that set off the receivers . '' 
 `` package ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 luca glanced down to the child . 
 `` her . '' 
 `` the girl ? '' 
 elizabeth asked , shocked . 
 `` why ? '' 
 luca shook his head . 
 `` we owed your father . 
 we did as he asked . 
 we were even on the mall when he was shot , though we did n't know it was your father until later . 
 but we did pick up the trail of the child . '' 
 painter studied the girl . 
 there must be a bug , a microtransmitter somewhere on her person . 
 `` we followed her to the zoo , where we were able to collect her without anyone knowing . '' 
 `` you kidnapped her ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` the last words on the message were to steal the package and bring it to something or someone named sigma . '' 
 his words jolted painter . 
 `` the message cut off abruptly , '' the gypsy said , `` with no further direction or explanation . 
 once we had the girl , we had to move fast . 
 we feared others would come looking for her . 
 someone able to track her like we did . 
 especially with an amber alert raised across the district . 
 but we had no idea what the professor meant by sigma . 
 as we raced around , trying to figure it out , the girl began to draw furiously . '' 
 he pointed to the child , who had gained her feet and walked to a blank wall . 
 she bore a piece of charcoal from the fireplace in her fingers and drew on the wall in a haphazard manner , jerkily , starting in one place , then moving to another . 
 `` she would n't stop , '' luca continued . 
 `` she drew a silhouette of a park with trees and a picture of rock creek bridge . '' 
 he nodded out the window . 
 `` then after that , a house , set in the same woods . 
 we had to circle the entire park , looking for it , believing it was important . 
 by the time we found this place , she had drawn the picture that i slid under the door . '' 
 luca stared at them . 
 `` a picture of all of you . 
 friends and family of dr. polk . 
 so i must ask you , do you know this sigma ? '' 
 painter slipped out a glossy black identification card . 
 it had his photograph fixed with the presidential seal . 
 etched into its surface was a holographic greek letter . 
 luca examined it , angling it to study the holograph . 
 his eyes widened as he recognized it . 
 while they had talked , gray had crossed to the girl . 
 he sat on his haunches , studying the girl 's work . 
 he rubbed his chin . 
 something had drawn his attention . 
 gray lifted a finger , half hidden between his knees , like a catcher signaling a pitcher . 
 he pointed toward the girl . 
 her face shone brighter . 
 her head lolled slightly to one side . 
 her eyes were open , but they were not following the path of her scrabbling piece of charcoal . 
 as disturbing as her manner was , it was not what gray had indicated . 
 painter had noted it , too . 
 her hair , damp with fever sweat , had parted slightly behind her ear . 
 a glint of steel shone through . 
 the shape was unmistakably the same as the device attached to the strange skull . 
 only here it was on a living subject . 
 what had archibald delivered to them ? 
 as painter 's mind spun on possibilities , elizabeth hung farther back in the room . 
 she pointed toward the wall . 
 `` come see this , '' she said , her voice quavering with an edge of fear . 
 painter retreated to her side . 
 she pointed to the artwork forming on the wall . 
 from this far away , what looked like mindless scribbles had begun to take form . 
 he watched the transformation unfold over the course of four long silent minutes . 
 elizabeth stuttered her amazement . 
 `` that 's ... that 's ... '' '' ... the taj mahal , '' painter finished . 
 in the silent wonder that followed , a distant sound reached them . 
 - whump , whump - a helicopter , flying low , coming closer . 
 gray straightened and reached for the girl . 
 `` someone 's found us ! '' 
 6:02 a.m. kiev , ukraine nicolas rolled off of elena and onto his back . 
 the hotel room fan cooled his sweating body . 
 his lower back ached and his shoulders bore deep scratches that still burned . 
 elena rolled smoothly to her feet , with an easy swing of her hair , tangled to midback . 
 the curving rise and fall of her bu ** ocks as she strode toward the shower came close to arousing him again . 
 he stirred , but he knew he had another interview in a half hour . 
 news of the failed assassination had already spread far and wide . 
 he would be on every international newscast . 
 he 'd already learned that the sniper , shot by the police , had died before reaching the hospital . 
 with the death , no one would suspect that it had all been preplanned . 
 even the sniper-a mine worker from polevskoy whose brother had been killed in an industrial accident last year-never knew how artfully he 'd been manipulated into the assassination scheme . 
 it had all unfolded with technical precision . 
 elena had timed her touch perfectly . 
 a skill of hers . 
 when primed , she could calculate probabilities to the nth degree . 
 her statistical analyses of business spreadsheets rivaled the world 's best economists . 
 and having studied the technical specifications on most pistols and light arms , she had only to see how a weapon was held and pointed to calculate its precise trajectory . 
 trusting this , he had put his life in her hands this morning . 
 and survived . 
 at that moment , behind the podium , he 'd never felt such a total lack of control , his very survival at the mercy of another . 
 after a lifetime of control , to release that grip even for a moment had quickened his pulse . 
 afterward , he could not return to the hotel fast enough . 
 elena stepped wet from her shower and leaned naked in the doorway . 
 the lust in her eyes slowly died-trailing the last spark of erotic stimulation from her augment 's neural array . 
 the fiery lioness was becoming a sleepy kitten . 
 still , nicolas studied that last ember of fire-an arousing blend of need and hatred-but even that would fade to a simple cold obedience . 
 such stimulation of her implant was necessary-not only to make the coupling intense , but also to trigger the proper physiological response to increase the chance of fertilization . 
 nicolas had read the studies . 
 and his mother wanted children from him , even approved of the union of nicolas and elena . 
 it was a perfect match : his will and her cold calculation . 
 nicolas had done his best to make his mother happy this morning . 
 and he had the bruises and scratches to prove it . 
 however , his mother might not have approved of him allowing elena to tie him to the bedposts and whip his thighs with a scrub brush . 
 but as his mother always told him when he was growing up : the ends always justifies the means . 
 ever practical , his mother . 
 the phone rang at his bedside table . 
 elena strode over , answered it , then held the receiver out for him . 
 `` general-major savina martov , '' elena said formally , gone cold again . 
 `` for the senator . '' 
 he took the receiver with a sigh . 
 as usual , the woman 's timing was impeccable . 
 she must have heard about the failed assassination attempt . 
 she would want a full debriefing and must have wondered why he had n't already reported in . 
 the schedule in the next days would tighten to an unbreakable knot-at both their ends-leading up to the formal sealing of chernobyl . 
 nothing could go wrong . 
 nicolas shifted his weight off his bruised buttock with a wince . 
 the caller spoke before he could . 
 `` we have a problem , nicolas . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` what is it , mother ? '' 
 10:50 p.m. washington , d.c. gray cradled the girl in his arms and hurried across the front yard . 
 the crisp september night contrasted with the feverish heat of the child . 
 he felt the burn of her skin through his shirt . 
 her fever had spiked while laboring on her artwork . 
 she had collapsed when gray had pulled the charcoal from her fingers . 
 she was conscious , but her eyes stared blankly , and her limbs were oddly stiff and wooden , as if he were carrying a life-size doll . 
 her waxy features heightened the comparison . 
 gray touched her face , noting the fine delicacy of her tiny eyelashes . 
 who could do this to a child ? 
 they had to get her to safety . 
 out in the yard , gray searched the skies . 
 a single black helicopter-military design-swept low down the street . 
 another idled higher at the other end of the block . 
 and a third circled the park behind them . 
 triangulating in on their position . 
 their sedan still stood in the driveway . 
 luca and his men had three identical ford suvs parked down the street . 
 the gypsy clan leader had already gathered his men . 
 he barked orders in romani and pointed his arms out in various directions , instructing them to split up . 
 three men took off on foot toward the park , where they would divide again . 
 another two ran across the street and disappeared between two houses . 
 a dog barked at their passage . 
 ahead , kowalski marched with elizabeth toward the lincoln town car in the driveway . 
 she had her cell phone to her ear . 
 painter headed toward a small car parked at the curb , a toyota yaris that belonged to one of the security guards . 
 gray followed him . 
 the guard was already behind the wheel after being freed by luca 's men . 
 painter opened the backseat and turned to gray and held out his arms . 
 gray passed him the child . 
 `` she 's burning up , '' gray said . 
 he nodded . 
 `` once safe , we 'll get her medical attention . 
 i 've already called kat and lisa to report to command . '' 
 lisa was dr. lisa cummings , an experienced medical doctor with a phd in physiology . 
 she was also the director 's girlfriend . 
 captain kat bryant was sigma 's expert in intelligence services and coordination . 
 she would oversee the field operation . 
 `` but first , '' painter said , his eyes on the skies as he ducked into the backseat with the child , `` we have to break this cordon . '' 
 off to the side , one of the ford suvs shot straight down the street with its headlights off ; the other swung sharply around and flew in the opposite direction , zipping past painter 's idling toyota . 
 `` let 's hope this works , '' gray said . 
 before leaving , painter had luca bring in one of the cobra receivers that they 'd used to track the girl at the national mall . 
 as the director had hoped , the devices were actually transceivers-capable of both receiving and transmitting . 
 painter had showed luca how to switch the radios from receiving a specific signal to broadcasting it . 
 luca had all his men do the same . 
 they were now scattering in all directions , transmitting the girl 's signature signal , creating a dozen different trails to follow-and most likely broadcasting louder than the girl 's small microtransmitter . 
 under the cover of such confusion , painter hoped to escape with the girl to the subterranean bunkers of sigma 's central command . 
 there , he could isolate her signal and protect her . 
 gray stepped in the other direction , toward the waiting town car . 
 kowalski already was revving the engine , impatient . 
 they were headed for reagan international airport . 
 gray pictured the charcoal sketch of the taj mahal . 
 the famous mausoleum was located in india , the very country where dr. polk had last been seen . 
 even before the girl 's arrival , gray had decided to extend the investigation to india , to follow dr. polk 's trail out there . 
 the mysterious drawing only added to his determination . 
 in india , there remained one person who could cast a better light on archibald polk 's research and his whereabouts prior to his disappearance . 
 elizabeth stood by the open door , studying the skies nervously . 
 she clicked her cell phone closed as gray reached her side . 
 `` i was able to reach dr. masterson , '' she said . 
 `` my father 's colleague at the university of mumbai . 
 but he was n't in mumbai . 
 he was in agra . '' 
 `` agra ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` the city in india where the taj mahal is located . 
 he was there when i called . 
 at the site . '' 
 gray stared over at the toyota as it swung from the curb and glided down the streets . 
 what is going on ? 
 overhead , the helicopters wavered . 
 the birds began to drift in opposite directions , drawn off by decoys . 
 gray tried one last time . 
 `` elizabeth , you would be safer staying here . '' 
 `` no , i 'm coming with you . 
 as you 'll find out , dr. masterson is not the most forthcoming . 
 but he knows me . 
 he 's expecting me . 
 to get the professor 's cooperation , i 'll need to be there . '' 
 elizabeth 's gaze met gray 's . 
 he read a mix of emotions in her face : determination , fear , and a bone-deep grief . 
 `` he was my father , '' she said . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 `` and besides , '' kowalski called over from the driver 's side of the car . 
 `` i 'll keep an eye on her . '' 
 a shadow of a smile dimmed the raw edge of her emotion . 
 `` that 's not a good thing , is it ? '' 
 she mouthed to gray . 
 `` not by a long shot . '' 
 he waved her into the car . 
 he did n't argue too firmly against her coming . 
 he suspected they would need her expertise before this was all over . 
 her father had specifically gone to her temporary office at the museum of natural history . 
 he had gotten her that position at the greek museum . 
 somehow all this tied back to delphi-but how ? 
 luca had joined them by now . 
 he had heard the last part of the conversation . 
 `` i am coming , too . '' 
 gray nodded . 
 painter had already made that arrangement , to buy luca 's cooperation with the girl 's escape . 
 which was fine with gray . 
 he still had a slew of questions for the man , mostly concerning his relationship with dr. polk . 
 the gypsy leader also seemed dead determined about something . 
 gray saw it in the shadows behind his dark eyes . 
 with the matter settled , gray slid into the front passenger seat . 
 luca and elizabeth piled into the back . 
 `` hang tight ! '' 
 kowalski called to them as he hauled the car into reverse , pounded the gas , and sent them squealing out of the driveway and into the street . 
 overhead , the thump-thump of the helicopters receded into the night . 
 gray 's thoughts drifted to questions about the girl . 
 who is she ? 
 where did she come from ? 
 monk followed the three children . 
 they were trailed by another who joined them at the lower hatch . 
 but she was not a child . 
 monk felt those dark eyes on his back . 
 as a group , they climbed a spiral staircase drilled through raw limestone . 
 the rock walls dripped with water , making the steps slippery . 
 the stairway was narrow , utilitarian , plainly a service stair . 
 it had proved to be a long climb . 
 monk half carried pyotr now . 
 earlier , while the siren blared , the kids had led monk down a path that skirted the cavern and ended up at a small hatchway . 
 the door opened into the stairway they were now climbing . 
 down below , monk had been introduced to the last and strangest member of their party . 
 her name was marta . 
 `` here ! '' 
 konstantin called from ahead , bearing their only flashlight . 
 he had reached the top of the stairs . 
 monk gathered the other two children and joined him . 
 the older boy folded his lanky form and crouched beside a pile of packed gear . 
 ahead , a short tunnel ended at another hatch . 
 konstantin pushed a pack into monk 's arms . 
 monk carried it toward the hatch and placed his palm on the door . 
 it felt warm . 
 he turned as the last member of their party climbed into the tunnel from the stairs . 
 weighing eighty pounds and stooped to the height of three feet , she knuckled on one arm . 
 her body was covered in soft dark fur , except for her exposed face , hands , and feet . 
 the fur around her face had gone a silvery gray . 
 konstantin claimed the female chimpanzee was over sixty years old . 
 the reunion between the children and the ape at the lower hatchway had been a warm one . 
 despite the siren 's blare and the wincing sensitivity of the children , the chimpanzee had taken each child under her arm and given them a reassuring squeeze , motherly , maternal . 
 monk had to admit that her presence had helped calm the kids . 
 even now , she shuffled among them , leaning , subvocalizing quietly . 
 the youngest , pyotr , was the one who got the most attention . 
 the pair seemed to have a strange way of communicating . 
 it was n't sign language , more like body language : gentle touches , posturing , long stares into each other 's eyes . 
 the young boy , exhausted by the climb , seemed to gain strength from the elderly ape . 
 konstantin crossed to the hatch . 
 he held out a small plastic badge toward monk and showed him how to attach it to his coverall . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 monk asked . 
 konstantin nodded toward the sealed doorway . 
 `` monitoring badge ... for radiation levels . '' 
 monk stared over to the door . 
 radiation ? 
 what lay beyond that door ? 
 he remembered the heat he 'd felt when he 'd laid his palm on the hatch . 
 in his head , he painted a blasted landscape , a terrain turned to ruin and slag . 
 with everyone ready , konstantin crossed to the hatch and yanked hard on the lever that secured it . 
 the door cracked and opened . 
 a blinding blaze of light flooded in , like staring into a fiery blast furnace . 
 monk shielded his eyes with his forearm . 
 it took him another two breaths to realize he was merely facing a rising sun . 
 he stumbled outside with the children . 
 the landscape had not been blasted to slag , as he had feared . 
 if anything , the opposite was true . 
 the hatch opened out onto a ledge of a heavily wooded slope , thick with birches and alders . 
 many of the trees had gone fiery with the change of seasons . 
 to one side , a creek tumbled over mossy green rocks . 
 low mountains stretched off into the distance , dotted by tiny alpine lakes that shone like droplets of silver . 
 they had climbed out of hell into paradise . 
 but hell was n't done with them yet . 
 from the tunnel behind them , a strange yowling cry echoed out to them . 
 monk remembered hearing the same howl coming from the walled complex that neighbored the hospital . 
 the menagerie . 
 a second and third cry answered the first . 
 he did n't need konstantin 's urging to keep moving . 
 monk recognized what he was hearing-not from memory , but from that buried part of his brain where instinct of predator and prey were still written . 
 another howl echoed . 
 louder and closer . 
 they were being hunted . 
 7 september 6 , 4:55 a.m. washington , d.c. . 
 she remained a mystery in a very small package . 
 painter studied the girl through the window . 
 she had finally fallen asleep . 
 kat bryant kept vigil at her bedside , a copy of dr. seuss 's green eggs and ham open in her lap . 
 she had read to the girl until the sedatives had relaxed the child enough to sleep . 
 the child had n't said a word since they 'd arrived at midnight . 
 her eyes would track things , plainly registering what was going on around her . 
 but there was little other response . 
 she spent most of her time rocking back and forth , stiffening when touched . 
 they had managed to get her to drink from a juice box and eat two chocolate-chip cookies . 
 they 'd also run some initial tests : blood chemistries , a full physical , even an mri of her entire body . 
 she still ran a low-grade fever , but it was n't as elevated as earlier . 
 during the physical exam , they 'd also found the microtransmitter embedded deep in the girl 's upper arm . 
 the chip would require surgery to remove , so they decided to leave it in place . 
 besides , the signal was insulated here , blocked . 
 there would be no tracking it . 
 kat stirred and stood up . 
 the woman was dressed casually , her auburn hair accented against a white cotton broadcloth shirt that was worn loose over tan slacks . 
 she had been called to central command from home to oversee field operations , but with gray 's team still in the air , she found herself more useful here . 
 having a young daughter herself , kat had brought in the copy of dr. seuss . 
 though the child remained unresponsive , she warmed up to kat . 
 her rocking slowed . 
 painter was happy to see kat bryant back at work . 
 after the loss of her husband , monk , she 'd been adrift for many weeks . 
 yet now she seemed to be recovering , moving forward again . 
 stepping out of the room , kat closed the door softly and joined painter in the neighboring observation room . 
 high-backed chairs surrounded a conference table . 
 `` she 's asleep . '' 
 kat sank into one of the chairs with a sigh . 
 `` maybe you should , too . 
 it will be a few more hours until gray 's plane lands in india . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'll check with the sitter who 's watching penelope , then crash for a couple of hours . '' 
 the door to the outer hall opened . 
 they both turned to see lisa cummings and the center 's pathologist , malcolm jennings , enter the room . 
 the two , dressed in matching white laboratory smocks and blue scrubs , were in an animated but whispered conversation . 
 lisa had her hands shoved in the pockets of her smock , pulling the coat tight to her shoulders , a sign of deep concentration . 
 she had put her long blond hair up into a french braid . 
 the pair had spent the last hour in the mri suite , going over results . 
 from their heated , excited chatter-full of medical jargon beyond painter 's comprehension-they had come to some conclusions , though not necessarily a consensus . 
 `` neuromodulation of that scale without glial cell support ? '' 
 lisa said with a shake of her head . 
 `` the stimulation of the nucleus basalis , of course , makes sense . '' 
 `` does it ? '' 
 painter asked , drawing their attention . 
 lisa seemed to finally see painter and kat . 
 her shoulders relaxed , and her hands left her pockets . 
 a whispery smile feathered her features as her gaze met his . 
 one of her hands trailed across painter 's shoulders as she passed and took one of the seats . 
 malcolm took the last remaining seat . 
 `` how 's the child doing ? '' 
 `` asleep for the moment , '' kat said . 
 `` so what have we learned ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 `` that we 're moving through a landscape both new and old , '' malcolm answered cryptically . 
 he slipped on a pair of glasses , tinged slightly blue for reading computer screens with less eyestrain . 
 he settled them in place and opened a laptop he 'd carried under one arm . 
 `` we 've compiled the mri scans of the child and my analysis of the skull . 
 both devices are the same , though the child 's is more sophisticated . '' 
 `` what are they ? '' 
 kat asked . 
 `` for the most part , they 're tms generators , '' malcolm answered . 
 `` transcranial magnetic stimulators , '' lisa elaborated , though that did n't help much . 
 painter shared a confused expression with kat . 
 `` why do n't you start at the beginning ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` and use small words . '' 
 malcolm tapped the side of his head with a pen . 
 `` then we 'll start here . 
 the human brain . 
 composed of thirty billion neurons . 
 each neuron communicates to its neighbors via multiple synapses . 
 creating roughly one million billion synaptic connections . 
 these connections , in turn , create a very large number of neural circuits . 
 and by large , i mean in the order of ten followed by a million zeros . '' 
 `` a million zeros ? '' 
 painter said . 
 malcolm looked over the edge of his glasses at painter . 
 `` to give you some scale . 
 the total number of atoms in the entire universe is only ten followed by eighty zeros . '' 
 at painter 's shocked reaction , malcolm nodded . 
 `` so there 's a vast amount of computing power locked in our skulls that we 're only beginning to comprehend . 
 we 've just been scratching the surface . '' 
 he pointed toward the window . 
 `` someone out there has been delving much deeper . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 kat asked , her expression showing worry for the girl . 
 `` with our current technology , we 've been making tentative strides into this new frontier . 
 like sending probes into space , we 've been slipping electrodes into brains . 
 all input into the brain is via electrical impulses . 
 we do n't see with our eyes . 
 we see with our brains . 
 it 's why cochlear implants work to return hearing to the deaf . 
 the implant turns sounds into electrical impulses , which are passed to the brain via a microelectrode inserted into the auditory nerve . 
 over time , the cortex learns to reinterpret this new signal , and like learning a new language , the deaf begin to hear . '' 
 malcolm waved to his laptop . 
 `` the human brain-being electrical , being malleable to new signals-has an innate ability to connect to machines . 
 in some regards , that makes us perfect natural-born cyborgs . '' 
 painter frowned . 
 `` where are you going with all this ? '' 
 lisa placed a hand atop his . 
 `` we 're already there . 
 the division between man and machine is already blurred . 
 we now have microelectrodes so small that they can be inserted into individual neurons . 
 at brown university in 2006 , they inserted a microchip into a paralyzed man 's brain , linked by a hundred of these microelectrodes . 
 within four days of practicing , the man-through his thoughts alone-could move a computer cursor on a screen , open e-mail , control a television , and move a robotic arm . 
 that 's how far we 've breeched the frontier . '' 
 painter glanced to the window . 
 `` and someone 's gone farther than that ? '' 
 both lisa and malcolm nodded . 
 `` the device ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 `` a step above anything we 've seen . 
 it has nanofilament electrodes so tiny that it 's hard to say where the device ends and the child 's brain begins . 
 but the basic function is well known . 
 from studies done at harvard university on rats , we know that tms devices promote the growth of neurons-though , oddly , only in areas involved with learning and memory . 
 we still do n't understand why . 
 but what we do know is that magnetic stimulation can also turn on and off these neurons like a switch . 
 children are especially pliable in this manner . '' 
 `` so if i understand this all correctly , someone has wired such a device to the child , stimulated nerve growth in a specific area , and now controls its functioning like a switch . '' 
 `` generally speaking , yes , '' malcolm said . 
 `` they 've tapped deep into that vast neural network i described . 
 only with the magnetic-stimulation of new neurons , they 've expanded that network even farther . 
 and if i 'm right , i 'd say they 've focused that expansion in a very narrow area . '' 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 `` there 's a law in neurology . 
 hebb 's law . 
 that basically states nerves that fire together , wire together . 
 by stimulating one site in the brain , they are reinforcing it harder and harder . '' 
 `` but to what end ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 malcolm shared a worried glance with lisa . 
 he wanted her to explain . 
 she sighed . 
 `` i spoke to the psychologist , zach larson , who examined the girl when she was first brought in . 
 from her nonresponsiveness , repetitive behavior , and sensitivity to stimulation , zach is certain the girl is autistic . 
 and from the behavior you described at the safe house , probably an autistic savant . '' 
 painter had read larson 's report , too . 
 it had been put together quickly , but it had been thorough . 
 he had run a small battery of psychological tests , including a genetic study for some of the typical markers for autism . 
 the last was still pending . 
 he 'd also included fact sheets on the subject of autistic savants , those rare individuals who-though compromised by their disorder-have amazing islands of talent . 
 a skill that is deep and narrow . 
 painter remembered the character played by dustin hoffman in the movie rain man . 
 his ability was to do lightning calculations . 
 but this was only one of the savant talents on larson 's list . 
 others included calendar calculations , memorization skills , musical talent , mechanical and spatial skills , exquisite discrimination of smell , taste , or hearing , and also art . 
 painter pictured the drawing of the taj mahal . 
 it had been sketched in minutes , handsomely drawn to scale , with perfectly balanced perspective . 
 the girl was certainly talented . 
 but was it more than that ? 
 the last on larson 's list of savant talents was a rare and controversial report of some autistic savants who displayed extrasensory skills . 
 painter could not dismiss that the girl 's drawings had led the gypsies unerringly to their safe house . 
 he recalled the earlier discussion with elizabeth , about her father 's work on intuition and instinct , about his connection with a deep-black government project involved in remote viewing . 
 lisa continued , `` we think the device is meant to stimulate that area of the brain where the savant talent lies . 
 it 's known that most savant talent arises from the right side of the brain , the same side where the device is attached on both the skull and the girl . 
 even using today 's technology , it would not take much effort to localize the region regulating this talent . 
 and once found , the magnetic stimulation could both amplify that area and control it . '' 
 painter stood with dawning horror . 
 if lisa and malcolm were correct , someone was harnessing this child 's abilities . 
 he crossed toward the window . 
 who did this to the girl ? 
 kat had joined painter and pointed through the window . 
 `` she 's awake . '' 
 and she was drawing again . 
 the girl had found a notepad and black felt pen on the bedside table . 
 she scratched across it , not quite as frantically as before , but she was still bent with concentration over the page . 
 kat headed to the door . 
 painter followed . 
 the girl did not acknowledge them , but as they stepped through , both pad and pen dropped to her bedsheet . 
 she went back to rocking . 
 kat stared down at the artwork , then fell back a step with a small gasp . 
 painter understood her reaction . 
 there was no mistaking what was drawn in ink and paper , a portrait . 
 it was her husband , monk . 
 11:04 a.m. southern ural mountains russian federation monk helped pyotr along a fallen log that forded a deep stream , churning over jumbled rocks . 
 moss grew heavy on the log , along with a few fat white mushrooms . 
 the entire place smelled damp . 
 kiska was already on the other side , standing with marta , holding the old chimpanzee 's paw . 
 monk wanted to be across the next rise and into the neighboring valley . 
 hopping off the log , he stared behind him . 
 they were crossing a dense birch forest , whose white-barked trunks looked like dried bone . 
 the green foliage was already flamed in patches . 
 monk picked one of the red leaves , rubbing it between his fingers . 
 still soft , not dried out . 
 early fall . 
 but the changing leaves promised a cold night among the low mountains here . 
 but at least there should be no snow . 
 he dropped the crushed leaf . 
 how did he know all this ? 
 he shook his head . 
 such answers would have to wait . 
 still , he found it disturbing how quickly he was growing accustomed to the disconnect between his lack of memory and his knowledge of the world . 
 then again , they were being hunted . 
 they had to move quietly , sound carried far in the mountains . 
 through whispers and hand signals , they communicated . 
 monk searched the far side of the stream . 
 they had been on the run for the past three hours . 
 he had set a hard pace , trying to put as much distance between them and where they 'd exited the subterranean world . 
 he did n't know how long it would take for the hunters to realize the escapees had abandoned the cavern and to pick up their trail out here . 
 monk waited at the stream 's edge . 
 where was konstantin ? 
 as if beckoned by his thought , the taller boy came dancing down the far slope , as lithe and firm footed as a young buck . 
 his face , though , was a mask of fear as he ambled , arms out , across the slippery log . 
 `` i did it ! '' 
 he said . 
 wheezing heavily , he jumped and landed next to monk . 
 `` i took your hospital nightshirt and dragged it to the stream in the other valley . '' 
 `` and you threw it in the water ? '' 
 `` past that beaver dam . 
 like you said . '' 
 monk nodded . 
 his hospital nightshirt had been soiled with blood and sweat . 
 one of the kids had stolen it from his room after he 'd changed . 
 it was smart thinking . 
 if they 'd left the shirt , his captors would have known he 'd changed . 
 it also came in handy in laying a false trail . 
 he had further soiled the shirt by wiping sweat from his brow and underarms . 
 he had done the same with the kids and the chimpanzee , too . 
 the riper garment should leave a stronger trail , a false trail . 
 hopefully the scent would send the hunters searching in the wrong direction . 
 `` help me with this , '' monk said to konstantin and leaned down to the log they 'd used to cross . 
 together , the two got the log rocking , but they still could n't dislodge it . 
 monk then felt a huff at his cheek . 
 he turned to see marta shouldering into the log . 
 with a single heave , the chimpanzee rolled the fallen log into the stream . 
 she was strong . 
 the log fell with a heavy splash , then bobbed and teetered down the waterway . 
 monk watched it float away . 
 the more ways they could break their trail , all the better . 
 satisfied , monk headed out . 
 konstantin kept up , but kiska and pyotr struggled . 
 the way was steep . 
 monk and marta both helped the smaller children , hauling them up the harder patches . 
 finally , they reached the top of the rise . 
 ahead , more hills spread in all directions , mostly wooded with a few open meadows . 
 off to the left , not too far away , a wide patch of silver marked a large lake . 
 monk stepped in that direction . 
 with a lake like that , there should be people , someone who could help them . 
 konstantin grabbed his elbow . 
 `` we ca n't go that way . 
 only death lies that way . '' 
 his other hand squeezed the badge affixed to his belt , a radiation monitor . 
 in such verdant surroundings , monk had forgotten about that danger . 
 he flipped his badge up . 
 its surface was white , but as the radiation levels rose , it would begin to turn pink , then red , then dark crimson , then black . 
 sort of like a drugstore pregnancy test - photo-flashes of memory cracked across his vision . 
 - a laughing blue eye , tiny fingernails - then nothing again . 
 his head throbbed . 
 he fingered the tender suture line through his wool cap . 
 konstantin looked at him with narrow , concerned eyes . 
 kiska , who monk had learned was konstantin 's sister , hugged her arms around her belly . 
 `` i 'm hungry , '' she whispered , as if fearful of both being heard and of showing weakness . 
 konstantin frowned in his sister 's direction , but monk knew they all should eat to keep their strength up . 
 after their panicked flight , they needed a moment to regroup , to plan some strategy beyond running . 
 monk stared toward the lake while fingering his badge . 
 only death lies that way . 
 he needed to better understand their situation . 
 `` we 'll find a place to shelter and eat quickly , '' monk said . 
 he crossed down into the next valley . 
 a series of small ponds cascaded through a set of terraced ledges . 
 the place sparkled with a dozen waterfalls and cataracts . 
 the air smelled loamy and damp . 
 halfway down , a fern-strewn cliff side had been eroded into a pocket with an overhang . 
 he led the children to it . 
 they hunkered down and opened packs . 
 protein bars and bottled water were passed around . 
 monk searched his pack . 
 no weapons , but he did find a topographic map . 
 he unfolded it on the ground . 
 the header was in cyrillic . 
 konstantin joined him , chewing on a peanut-butter-flavored bar . 
 monk noted the mountainous landscape was marked with scores of tiny xs . 
 `` mines , '' konstantin said . 
 `` uranium mines . '' 
 he ran a finger along the cyrillic header , then waved an arm to encompass the area . 
 `` the southern ural mountains . 
 chelyabinsk district . 
 center of old weapons factories . 
 very dangerous . '' 
 the boy tapped all around the map where radiological hazard symbols dotted the terrain . 
 `` many open mines , old radiochemical and plutonium plants . 
 nuclear waste facilities . 
 all shut down , except for one or two . '' 
 he waved to indicate a far distance away . 
 monk mumbled with a shake of his head , staring down at all the hazard symbols . 
 `` and all i wanted to know was where we were . '' 
 `` very dangerous , da , '' konstantin warned . 
 he pointed an arm in the direction of the large lake , now out of sight . 
 `` lake karachay . 
 liquid waste dumping ground for old mayak atomic complex . 
 you stand one hour by the lake and you will be dead a week later . 
 we must go around . '' 
 konstantin leaned closer to the map and tapped in the center of a cluster of mines and radiation plants . 
 `` we come from here . 
 the warren . 
 an old underground city-chelyabinsk 88-where thousands of prisoners were housed who worked the mines . 
 one of many such places . '' 
 monk pictured the industrial-looking buildings he had seen in the cavern . 
 obviously someone else had found a new use for the abandoned place . 
 konstantin continued , `` we must go around lake karachay-but not too near . '' 
 he glanced up to monk to make sure he understood . 
 `` which means we must cross the asanov swamp to reach here . '' 
 the boy held his finger over another mine opening on the far side of the lake . 
 monk did n't understand . 
 were n't they seeking to escape , to get to someone who could help them ? 
 `` what 's there ? '' 
 monk asked , nodding to the mine marker . 
 `` we must stop them . '' 
 konstantin glanced to pyotr , who cradled with marta on a bed of moss . 
 `` stop who ? '' 
 monk remembered the young boy 's words to him . 
 save us . 
 konstantin turned back to monk . 
 `` it is why we brought you here . '' 
 11:30 a.m. general-major savina martov glowered at the assembled children . 
 they were in the school 's main auditorium . 
 a photograph of the american glowed from a large lcd screen behind her . 
 `` has anyone seen this man lurking around early this morning ? 
 he may have been wearing a hospital gown . '' 
 the children stared blankly at her from banks of wooden seats . 
 they 'd all been rousted early from their dormitories . 
 more than sixty children sat in tiers , designated by the color of their shirts . 
 the white-shirted sat at the back , those who carried the genetic markers but showed little talent . 
 the grays sat in the middle , mildly talented , but not remarkable . 
 unlike the ten who shared the front seats . 
 these last wore uniforms with black shirts . 
 omega class . 
 those rare few who displayed astounding talents . 
 the dozen best , selected to serve savina 's son , nicolas , in the hard times to come , to be his inner council with savina as its head . 
 nicolas was a sore point for savina , a disappointment . 
 he 'd been born a white shirt . 
 a loss of the genetic dice . 
 savina had impregnated herself via artificial insemination from one of the first generation . 
 she 'd been rash and paid dearly for it . 
 she 'd acted before they fully understood the genetics . 
 there had been complications during the birth . 
 she could have no other children . 
 but she had developed a new purpose for nicolas , one that would bring about true and lasting change . 
 it became her life 's work after nicolas was born . 
 and they were so close . 
 she stared at the row of black shirts . 
 and the two empty seats in the omega-class section . 
 one child had vanished last night . 
 pyotr . 
 his sister had vanished at the same time from a zoo in america . 
 savina still had heard no update on the girl 's status from yuri . 
 the man had gone strangely silent , not even responding to a transmitted emergency code . 
 something was happening . 
 she needed answers . 
 her voice grew sharper . 
 `` and no one saw konstantin , kiska , or pyotr leaving their dorm rooms ? 
 no one ! '' 
 again the blank stares . 
 motion at the back of the room drew her eye . 
 a toadish-looking man stepped into the room and nodded to her . 
 lieutenant borsakov , her second in command . 
 he was dressed in his usual gray uniform , including a stiff black-brimmed cap . 
 he 'd found something . 
 at last . 
 she turned to the trio of teachers standing to the side . 
 `` confine them to their dormitories . 
 under close guard . 
 until the matter is settled . '' 
 she climbed the stairs and exited the auditorium , drawing borsakov in her wake . 
 pock-faced and scarred , he stood only as high as her shoulders , which she preferred . 
 she liked men shorter than herself . 
 but he was bulky with muscle , and sometimes she caught him staring at her with a flicker of hunger . 
 she preferred that , too . 
 he trailed a step behind her as they crossed through the school to the exit . 
 once outside , she found two of his men . 
 one had a chained russian wolf at his side . 
 it growled and rumbled , curling back lips to expose sharp teeth . 
 the guard yanked on the lead , scolding it . 
 savina gave the creature a wide berth . 
 a mix of russian wolfhound and siberian wolf , its muscular form stood almost to borsakov 's chest . 
 the beast came from their animal research facility-nicknamed the menagerie . 
 it was where they experimented with new augments and tested various applications , using all manner of higher mammals : dogs , cats , pigs , sheep , chimps . 
 it also served as a macabre petting zoo for the village . 
 they 'd found over the years that the children bonded with the animals and the relationship helped stabilize them psychologically . 
 and maybe the bond was n't entirely human-animal , but also augment to augment , a shared commonality . 
 even the wolf bore a surgical steel device . 
 the augment capped the base of the dog 's skull , attached via titanium screws and wired in place . 
 with the touch of a button on the radio-transmitter , they could feed pain or pleasure , enhance aggression or docility , dull senses or stimulate arousal . 
 `` what have you found , lieutenant ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the children are not in the cavern , '' he said . 
 she stopped and turned . 
 `` we searched the entire village , even the deserted apartment complex , but when we circled wider , we discovered a scent trail along a back wall , behind the animal facility . 
 it led to one of the service hatches to the surface . '' 
 `` they went outside ? '' 
 `` we believe with the american from the hospital . 
 the children 's trail came from the hospital . '' 
 so that at least answered one question . 
 the american had n't escaped , then kidnapped the children . 
 it seemed it was the other way around . 
 the children must have helped him escape . 
 but why ? 
 what was so important about the man ? 
 it was a question that had nagged savina since the man had first arrived . 
 two months ago , russian intelligence had been alerted about a plague ship that had been pirated in the indonesian seas . 
 intelligence services around the world were looking for it . 
 she had been tasked to see if her subjects could find it . 
 a test . 
 one she had passed . 
 primed , the twelve omegas had pinpointed the island where the ship was being held . 
 a russian submersible was sent to investigate and came upon the lagoon just as the ship was sinking . 
 it was victory enough-until sasha had begun scribbling with a fervor that almost burnt her augment out . 
 a dozen pictures , from a dozen views , of a drowning man , being dragged down by a net . 
 believing this was significant-and being curious herself-savina had alerted the russian submariners . 
 they already had divers in the water . 
 they found such a man , barely conscious , tangled in a net . 
 they rushed up in diving sleds , forced a respirator into his mouth , and rescued him back to their submersible . 
 savina had ordered the man brought here , believing he must be significant . 
 but once at chelyabinsk 88 , he claimed to be just one of the cruise ship 's electricians . 
 during their interrogation , the man had not seemed especially bright to her , just a scarred and shaven brute of a man with a coarse vocabulary and missing one hand . 
 likewise , sasha had showed no interest in him . 
 neither did any of her fellow omega-class subjects . 
 it made no sense , and the man proved to be a nuisance , caught one day tapping into a surface broadcast trunk , wired to his prosthetic cuff . 
 they did not know what he was doing nor what type of signal he had sent out , but in the end , it had no repercussions . 
 for security 's sake , they had the cuff surgically removed . 
 over the weeks , savina had grown to believe that the girl 's intensity had just been a childish fear for the drowning man 's life . 
 done with the matter , she had turned the american over to the care of the laboratory group at the menagerie . 
 they were studying memory , and a living human subject was raw material not to be wasted . 
 savina had sat in on his surgery . 
 what they had done to him ... it still made her shudder . 
 but now he was gone-vanished with the brother of sasha , who was also missing . 
 what game were these children playing ? 
 she did n't know , and this late in her own plans , she did n't have time to figure it out . 
 `` your orders , general-major ? '' 
 `` search the surface . '' 
 `` i 'll bring all the dogs , '' his voice snapped . 
 she stopped him . 
 `` not just the dogs . '' 
 borsakov stared at her , his eyebrows pinched questioningly . 
 but he knew what she wanted done . 
 `` general-major ? 
 what about the children ? '' 
 she strode away . 
 now was not the time for subtle actions . 
 she still had ten children . 
 that would be enough . 
 she confirmed her order . 
 `` loose the cats , too . '' 
 11:45 a.m. pyotr sat between marta 's legs . 
 her strong , warm arms wrapped around him . 
 he did n't like to be touched , but he let her . 
 the sweet earthy smell of her damp fur swelled around him . 
 he heard the hush-hush of her breathing , felt the beat of her large heart in his own spine . 
 he had known marta all his life . 
 he had known these arms . 
 after pyotr 's first operation at the age of five , she was brought to his room . 
 he remembered her large hand . 
 it had scared him , but she lay there for most of the day , her head resting on the edge of his bed , staring at him . 
 finally , one of his hands had drifted to hers . 
 his fingers danced along the wrinkled lines of her overturned paw , curious . 
 she had stared at him with large brown eyes , moist and knowing . 
 long fingers wrapped around his . 
 he knew what it was . 
 a promise . 
 others would play with her , cry in her arms , sit long nights with her ... but pyotr knew a truth that morning . 
 she had secrets that were his alone . 
 and his secret was hers . 
 in those arms , he stared out at the strange woods . 
 they were allowed up here sometimes , to wander the forest with a teacher , to sit in the quietness . 
 but it still frightened pyotr . 
 a wind whispered through the forest , knocking limbs and shedding twirling falls of leaves . 
 he watched them and knew something was coming . 
 he was not like his sister . 
 but some things he knew . 
 he leaned deeper into marta , away from the leaves . 
 his heart beat faster and the world faded , all except for the leaves . 
 drifting , twirling , dancing ... terrifying ... marta hooted quietly in his ear . 
 what is wrong ? 
 he trembled and quaked . 
 his heart was in his throat , pounding a warning as more and more leaves fell . 
 he searched in the spaces among the leaves . 
 konstantin had once told him how he could multiply so fast in his head . 
 every number has a shape ... even the biggest , longest number is a shape . 
 so when i calculate , i look to the empty space between those two numbers . 
 the gap also has a shape , formed by the boundaries of the other two numbers . 
 and that empty shape , too , is a number . 
 and that number is always the answer . 
 pyotr did n't fully understand . 
 he could not do math like konstantin , nor could he solve puzzles like kiska , nor could he see far like his sister . 
 but pyotr knew no one else who could do what he could do . 
 he could read hearts ... all sorts of hearts . 
 great and small . 
 and something was coming , something with a dark , hungry heart . 
 pyotr searched among the falling leaves as his own small heart hammered . 
 he filled in the emptiness one space at a time . 
 sweat beaded on his forehead . 
 the world was just falling leaves and the dark spaces between , swirling and churning , reaching for him . 
 in the distance , he heard konstantin shout his name . 
 marta 's arms tightened around him-not protecting him against the others , but holding him safe . 
 she knew his heart , too . 
 he had to see . 
 had to know . 
 something was coming . 
 he filled the spaces with ink and shadow , with the teeth and growl , with the pound of pad on hard ground . 
 he saw what was coming . 
 second 8 september 6 , 12:05 p.m. 48,000 feet over the caspian sea two hours until touchdown . 
 gray stared out the windows of the bombardier global express xrs . 
 the day wore rapidly onward as the private jet streaked across the sky . 
 during the course of their journey , the sun had risen on a new day , climbed over their heads , and had begun to fall again behind them . 
 they would be landing on fumes , traveling at a squeak over supersonic speeds . 
 the modified corporate jet had been gifted to sigma by the billionaire aeronautics financier ryder blunt for past services rendered . 
 two u.s. air force pilots pushed the engines to get them to india by midafternoon local time . 
 gray turned his attention back to the group assembled around a teak table . 
 he had allowed everyone to sleep for six hours , but most looked exhausted . 
 kowalski still had his chair reclined flat , snoring in time with the engines . 
 gray saw no reason to disturb him . 
 they all could use more sleep . 
 focused on the dossier in front of her , the only person who showed no weariness was the newcomer to their small group . 
 with expertise in neurology and neurochemistry , the same disciplines as archibald polk , it was no wonder painter had assigned this member of sigma to join their band . 
 dr. shay rosauro was a little over average height , her complexion a cinnamon mocha , and her dark amber eyes sparked with flecks of gold and a fierce intelligence . 
 her shoulder-length black hair was bound back from her face with a black bandanna . 
 she had served in the air force , and from her records , she could have piloted the bombardier herself . 
 she even wore a uniform blouse top with a wide black belt over khakis and boots . 
 and while gray had never worked with her before , it seemed she had met kowalski . 
 she had done a double take when the large man had stepped into view . 
 kowalski had grinned , given her a bear hug of a greeting , then passed to climb into the plane . 
 as she followed , she had stared back at gray with an expression that read you 've got to be kidding . 
 with everyone rested , gray wanted to get his team on the same page by the time they were wheels down in india , especially in regard to whom they were meeting . 
 `` elizabeth , what can you tell us about dr. hayden masterson ? 
 in what capacity was your father working with this professor from mumbai ? '' 
 she nodded , stifled a yawn with a fist , then more firmly balanced her glasses on her nose . 
 `` he 's originally from oxford , actually . 
 trained as a psychologist and physiologist , specializing in meditative techniques and brain function . 
 he 's been in india for the past thirty years , studying the country 's yogis and mystics . '' 
 `` a line of research parallel to your father 's . '' 
 elizabeth nodded . 
 `` i know of masterson 's work , '' rosauro said with mild surprise . 
 `` he 's brilliant , but eccentric , and some of his theories are contentious . 
 he was one of the first researchers to advocate for the plasticity of the human brain , controversial at the time but now readily accepted . '' 
 `` what do you mean by plasticity ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` well , until the past few years , neurology stuck by an old tenet that the human brain was hardwired , that each section of the brain served one purpose only . 
 one location , one function . 
 for the last two decades , neurology 's goal has been to map out what each part of the brain does . 
 where speech rises from , which section of the brain handles hearing , which neurons make you feel your left hand , or control balance . '' 
 gray nodded . 
 `` but now we understand that the brain is not hardwired , that these brain maps are changeable , alterable . 
 or in other words , plastic . 
 it is such fluidity of function that explains how many stroke victims are able to regain function of paralyzed limbs after a portion of their brains are destroyed . 
 the brain rewires itself around the damage . '' 
 elizabeth nodded . 
 `` dr. masterson was extending his research to studies with yogis . 
 through such mystics ' abilities to control their own metabolism and blood flow , he sought to show how the brain is not only changeable-but trainable . 
 that the brain 's plasticity is moldable . '' 
 rosauro leaned back . 
 `` with the possibilities of harnessing this plasticity , it 's a brave new world out there for neurologists . 
 increasing intelligence , helping the blind to see , the deaf to hear . '' 
 gray pictured the device found on the skull . 
 the deaf to hear . 
 the device had looked like some form of cochlear implant . 
 gray asked elizabeth , `` did dr. masterson say when he last saw your father ? '' 
 `` the professor said he 'd tell me more , but he first wanted to talk to the people who had hired my father . 
 he sounded scared . 
 i could n't get anything else out of him . '' 
 `` hired him ? '' 
 luca hearn , the final member of their group , spoke , his romani accent thicker from his exhaustion . 
 `` that would be our clan . 
 we hired dr. polk . '' 
 gray turned to the man . 
 before landing , gray had intended to discuss the role of the gypsies in dr. polk 's story . 
 much had been left unanswered after their flight from the safe house . 
 such as , why polk had chosen to contact luca rather than anyone else ? 
 had it been paranoia ? 
 had the professor believed he could trust no one else ? 
 considering his murder was followed by the suspicious sweep by agents of his own government , maybe dr. polk had been right . 
 `` how did you get involved with the professor ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` he approached us two years ago . 
 he wanted to collect dna samples from certain members of our clans . 
 those who practiced pen dukkerin . '' 
 `` pen what ? '' 
 kowalski answered from his sprawl on his bed . 
 he had stopped snoring , but his eyes were still closed as he spoke . 
 `` dukkerin . 
 fortune-telling . 
 you know , palm reading , gazing in a crystal ball . '' 
 luca nodded . 
 `` it is a tradition among our people , going back centuries , but dr. polk did n't want anyone who was performing hokkani boro-the great trick . '' 
 `` fakers , '' kowalski added . 
 `` tricksters . '' 
 `` dr. polk knew there were those among our clans who we ourselves respected for their skill in this art . 
 the rare ones . 
 true chovihanis . 
 those with the gift . 
 those were who he sought . '' 
 elizabeth shifted straighter . 
 `` my father was doing the same with yogis of india . 
 taking dna samples , looking for some commonality . '' 
 gray remembered how her father sought out those rare cases of documented yogis and mystics , those who demonstrated heightened abilities of intuition or instinct . 
 the fortune-telling and tarot-card reading of the gypsies would fit that mold . 
 but the genetic angle was new . 
 it raised another question in gray 's mind . 
 `` why the sudden switch from studying yogis to gypsies ? 
 what 's the connection ? '' 
 luca stared at him as if he were dense . 
 `` where do you think the romani clans come from ? '' 
 now it was gray 's turn to be baffled . 
 he actually did n't know much about the nomadic gypsy clans , certainly not their origins . 
 luca noted his confusion . 
 `` not many know our story . 
 when our clans first moved into europe , we were thought to have come from egypt . '' 
 he rubbed the back of his hand across his burnished face . 
 `` because of our dark skin , dark eyes . 
 we were called aigyptoi or gyptians , which later became the word gypsies . 
 until only recently , even our clans were unsure of our origins . 
 but linguists recently discovered that the romani tongue has its roots in sanskrit . '' 
 `` the language of ancient india , '' gray said , surprised , but he was beginning to understand the connection now . 
 `` we arose from india . 
 that is amaro baro them , our ancestral homeland . 
 northern india , to be precise , the punjab region . '' 
 `` but why did you migrate away ? '' 
 elizabeth asked . 
 `` from what i understand of your history , you had a hard time in europe . '' 
 `` hard time ? 
 we were persecuted , hunted , killed . '' 
 fire entered his voice . 
 `` we died by the hundreds of thousands at the hands of the nazis , forced to wear the black triangle . 
 bengesko niamso ! '' 
 this last was plainly a curse at the nazis . 
 elizabeth glanced away from his vehemence . 
 luca shook his head , calming himself . 
 `` not much is known about our early past . 
 even historians ca n't say for certain why the clans left india . 
 from old records , we know the romani clans fled india sometime in the tenth century , passing through persia to the empire of byzantium and beyond . 
 war plagued northwest india during that time . 
 also india had come to adopt a strict caste system . 
 those left at the bottom , classified as casteless , were deemed untouchable . 
 these included thieves , musicians , dishonored warriors , but also magicians , those whose abilities were considered heretical by the local religions . '' 
 `` your chovihanis , '' gray said . 
 luca nodded . 
 `` life became unbearable , unsafe . 
 so the casteless banded together into clans and left india , headed west , for more welcoming lands . '' 
 he snorted bitterly . 
 `` we are still searching . '' 
 `` let 's get back to dr. polk , '' gray said , redirecting the conversation . 
 `` did you cooperate with the professor 's request ? 
 did you supply him with those samples ? '' 
 `` we did . 
 a payment in blood . 
 in exchange for his help . '' 
 gray studied the man . 
 `` help in doing what ? '' 
 his voice fired up again . 
 `` to find something stolen most brutally from us . 
 the very heart of our people . 
 we - '' the plane bumped violently . 
 glasses rose in the air , as did kowalski . 
 he scrabbled from his blanket with a shout of surprise . 
 gray , belted in his seat , felt his stomach climb into his throat . 
 they lost elevation fast . 
 the pilot came on over the intercom . 
 `` sorry about that , folks . 
 hard air ahead . '' 
 the whole plane shook . 
 `` buckle in tight , '' the pilot continued . 
 `` we 'll have you on the ground in another hour . 
 and , commander pierce , we have a land-to-air call for you coming from director crowe . 
 i 'll patch it back to you . '' 
 gray motioned everyone into their seats . 
 kowalski had raised his seat back and was already snugging his belt tight . 
 swiveling his own chair away from the others , gray removed the phone from his armrest and lifted it to his ear . 
 `` commander pierce here . '' 
 `` gray , i thought i 'd brief you on what lisa and malcolm learned about the device attached to the skull . '' 
 as gray listened to the director explain about microelectrodes and autistic savants , he stared out the window . 
 he watched the sun settle to the west as the jet screamed to the east . 
 he pictured the girl 's small face , her fragility , her innocence . 
 at least she was safe . 
 but a question nagged at gray . 
 are there others like her out there ? 
 12:22 p.m. southern ural mountains monk ran with pyotr in his arms alongside the streambed . 
 the boy clung to him . 
 his eyes were still glassy , his face damp with both sweat and tears . 
 kiska raced ahead , following the long lope of marta , who knuckled with both arms . 
 konstantin kept to monk 's side . 
 `` how do we know what pyotr saw was real ? '' 
 monk gasped out to konstantin . 
 `` tigers ? 
 maybe it was just a daydream , a waking nightmare . '' 
 the older boy turned slightly and pulled his wool cap up . 
 he combed back his hair to reveal a shiny curve of steel behind his ear . 
 `` you were not the only one operated on . '' 
 he pulled down his cap and nodded to pyotr . 
 `` what he saw was no dream . '' 
 monk struggled to comprehend . 
 konstantin had already explained how monk had ended up here , rescued from a sinking cruise ship , based on a drawing done by pyotr 's sister . 
 it made no sense . 
 maybe he was the one dreaming . 
 konstantin continued , `` there are two siberian tigers kept at the menagerie . 
 arkady and zakhar . 
 the soldiers sometimes hunt with them in the deep forest . 
 wild boar and elk . 
 they are very smart . 
 not easy to fool . '' 
 `` how far away ? '' 
 monk asked . 
 konstantin spoke in russian to the boy . 
 pyotr answered in the same tongue . 
 as he spoke , his voice grew firmer , coming more fully out of his trance . 
 konstantin finally nodded . 
 `` he does not know . 
 only that they are coming . 
 he can taste their hunger . '' 
 monk hurried them down the stream to where it emptied into a wider river . 
 he heard the rush of water before seeing the course . 
 it dug a deep channel . 
 if they could get across - something screamed into the air . 
 high overhead and farther back up the narrow valley . 
 it kept on wailing , piercing like a siren . 
 it made his teeth ache and vibrated his bones . 
 the children dropped flat to the ground , covering their heads and rolling in agony . 
 marta hooted and trotted a protective ring around them . 
 cringing against the noise , monk peered up between spruce branches . 
 something wafted down into the back half of the valley . 
 it drifted on a red parachute , like a flare , but it carried a round metal object the size of a baseball . 
 the piercing wail came from it . 
 some sort of sonic flare . 
 climbing on a boulder , monk spotted other red pinpricks in the distance . 
 more flares . 
 he hopped down . 
 they must be blindly strafing in all directions . 
 a frantic crashing erupted on the far side of the stream . 
 monk caught a flash of tawny fur . 
 his heart thudded in panic . 
 tiger . 
 instead , two roe deer smashed into view , and with a flash of dancing hooves , they darted away . 
 monk forced his heart out of his throat and crossed to the children . 
 the sonic blast had flattened them . 
 the hunters knew of the kids ' hypersensitivity and were trying to immobilize them . 
 monk scooped pyotr up with his stumped arm and tossed him across his shoulder . 
 he dragged kiska to her feet and supported her around the waist , hiking her up . 
 burdened , monk crossed to konstantin , intending to kick the boy into action . 
 they dared not stop . 
 marta intervened . 
 she nosed under konstantin 's chest and pulled one of his arms over her back . 
 supporting him with her shoulders , she sidled down toward the river below . 
 the boy 's legs dragged behind her . 
 monk followed with the other two children . 
 while deafened by the sonic flare , monk still felt the boy 's trembling moans of agony . 
 he hobbled faster and reached the river 's course . 
 the water flowed through a steep-banked channel , a full four meters wide . 
 it churned and gurgled , loud enough to dull the sharper ranges of the sonic flare . 
 monk waved to marta . 
 he pointed downriver . 
 she swung in that direction . 
 they continued , following the twisting course . 
 after a few turns , the steep ridges blocked more and more of the wailing . 
 kiska stirred first . 
 she knocked free of monk 's arm and gained her own feet . 
 she still covered her ears with her hands . 
 konstantin soon followed , freeing marta , who panted and gasped , knuckling on both arms . 
 as they fled from the screams , monk kept a watch behind him . 
 expecting at any moment to see a pair of tigers loping after them . 
 distracted , he ran into kiska , who had stopped . 
 tangled , he toppled to his knees , dropping the boy to the ground . 
 konstantin had also halted at his sister 's side , frozen in place with marta . 
 it seemed they had more to fear than just the hunters behind them . 
 beyond the pair , a massive brown bear rose up from the riverbank . 
 it had to weigh six hundred pounds , damp from the river and plainly tense from the caterwauling of the flares . 
 black eyes stared back at their party . 
 it rose up on its hind limbs , stretching eight feet tall , bristling , growling , baring yellow teeth . 
 the russian grizzly . 
 the symbol of mother russia . 
 with a roar , it fell and charged straight at them . 
 6:03 a.m. washington , d.c. . 
 the old man woke into brightness . 
 it stung his eyes and pounded into his skull . 
 he groaned and turned his head away . 
 nausea spilled burning gorge up into his throat . 
 he choked it back down with a gasp . 
 he blinked away the glare and found himself strapped to a bed . 
 though a sheet covered him , he knew he was naked . 
 the room was stark white , clinical , sterile . 
 no windows . 
 a single door with a small barred window . 
 closed . 
 a figure sat in a chair beside the bed , in a suit , the jacket hung on the seat back , sleeves rolled up . 
 his legs were crossed , his hands folded primly on his lap . 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` good morning , yuri . '' 
 trent mcbride smiled down at him without a trace of warmth . 
 yuri glanced down to his chest , remembering being shot by a tranquilizer dart . 
 he searched around , still confused , dazed . 
 `` you 've been given a counterstimulant , '' mcbride said . 
 `` must have you alert , since we have much to discuss . '' 
 `` kak ... ya ... , '' he choked out , his tongue pasty and thick . 
 mcbride sighed , reached to a bedside table where a glass with a straw rested , and offered yuri a sip . 
 he did not refuse . 
 the lukewarm liquid burned like the finest vodka . 
 it pushed back the shadows at the edges of his thoughts and washed the paste from his tongue . 
 `` trent , what are you doing ? '' 
 yuri tugged at the straps that bound down his arms . 
 `` filling in the blanks . '' 
 mcbride pressed an intercom button at the head of the bed . 
 `` as i mentioned , you 've not been forthcoming with all the details of your research at chelyabinsk 88 . 
 we must correct that oversight . '' 
 `` how do you mean ? '' 
 yuri tried to sound innocent , but he failed miserably as his voice shook . 
 he wished he were a stronger man . 
 `` hmm , '' trent said . 
 he leaned forward and stripped the sheet covering yuri . 
 `` i suppose we might as well get the ugly part over with so we can speak like true colleagues . '' 
 yuri stared down at his naked body . 
 his pale skin was dotted by tiny suction cups , each the size of a dime , topped by a pea-size knot of electronics sprouting a thread-thin antenna . 
 they lined his legs from toe to groin , his arms from fingertip to shoulder . 
 his chest was a chessboard grid of the sticky cups . 
 before he could question what they were , the door to the room opened and a slender figure entered . 
 yuri had to struggle a moment to remember his name , though he had just met the man . 
 dr. james chen . 
 they had used the researcher 's office for the meeting at walter reed . 
 the door clamped shut , soundproofed . 
 chen crossed to them . 
 he carried a laptop open in his arms . 
 `` we 're all calibrated . '' 
 as the man settled into a seat and rested his laptop on the bedside table , yuri caught a glimpse of the computer screen before it was swung away . 
 it had a stylized figure of an outstretched man dotted with small glowing circles . 
 `` electroacupuncture , '' mcbride said and waved a hand over the array of suction cups . 
 `` microelectrodes inserted into acupuncture points along the prime meridians . 
 i do n't purport to understand it fully . 
 this is dr. chen 's line of expertise . 
 he 's made remarkable progress using this technique to alleviate pain , allowing battlefield surgery without general anesthesia . 
 brilliant work and why he became a jason . 
 i then recruited him to our joint investigation because of his innovative use of microelectrodes . 
 microelectrodes like you used with your own test subjects . '' 
 mcbride tweaked one of the antennas with a finger . 
 yuri felt a stinging stab . 
 `` we 've learned that what can be used to deaden pain in the right circumstances , can also be used to amplify it . '' 
 `` trent ... do n't ... , '' yuri begged . 
 mcbride ignored him , turned to chen , and pointed to one of the cups near his knee , then to a second one near his groin . 
 the researcher lifted a stylus and drew a line on the computer screen . 
 yuri 's leg blistered with fiery pain . 
 a scream burst from his throat . 
 it was as if someone had dug a scalpel from knee to groin , cutting down to the bone . 
 then it ended just as quickly . 
 gasping , yuri searched down . 
 he expected to see blood flowing , flesh smoking . 
 but there was only pale skin . 
 mcbride waved again across the field of tiny cups . 
 `` we can do the same across any of these points . 
 in any pattern . 
 we can flay you alive without harming a hair . 
 a virtual operation with all the pain . '' 
 `` wh-why ? '' 
 mcbride stared down at him again . 
 while his face was mild , his eyes were fierce . 
 `` i will have answers , yes ? 
 let 's start with what you 've been keeping secret about the children . '' 
 `` i do n't - '' mcbride turned to chen . 
 `` no ! '' 
 yuri shouted out . 
 mcbride leaned back to him . 
 `` then let 's not play games . 
 we 've been able to replicate your augments without any difficulty . 
 the schematics that your team provided were very thorough and precise . 
 but in the end , not all that innovative . 
 merely a sophisticated tms device . 
 we attempted to duplicate your results , using a pair of autistic savant children in canada . 
 our experiments were ... well , let 's just say disappointing . '' 
 yuri inwardly cringed . 
 so the americans were closer than even savina had suspected . 
 they 'd already come to recognize how unique the situation was at chelyabinsk 88 . 
 `` so , '' mcbride asked again , `` what have you been keeping secret from us ? '' 
 yuri hesitated too long . 
 a fiery slash cut across his chest . 
 his muscles spasmed , his back arched from the bed . 
 he screamed so loudly that no sound came out . 
 as the pain cut off , yuri trembled and quaked with aftershocks . 
 he tasted blood on his tongue . 
 still he dared not wait . 
 what did it matter if the americans found out ? 
 it was already too late . 
 `` dna , '' he gasped out . 
 `` it 's their dna . '' 
 mcbride hovered closer . 
 `` how do you mean ? '' 
 yuri swallowed , gulping for air . 
 `` the secret lies in the subjects ' genetics . 
 we only discovered this ourselves twelve years ago . '' 
 yuri explained in fits and starts , questioned repeatedly by mcbride . 
 he related the discovery in 1959 of a cluster of exceptional savant talent , a group of gypsy children . 
 a genetic line that ran through the history of the gypsies . 
 the chovihanis . 
 the clans kept this line secret and attempted to preserve it through inbreeding , resulting in genetic aberrations . 
 he told how the russians had stolen this genetic heritage for study , for incorporation into their own research into parapsychology . 
 `` but it was nothing mystical , '' yuri explained . 
 `` the children were merely savants ... though savants of a prodigious level . 
 we tried to heighten their ability-first through breeding , then through bioengineering . 
 but over the years , as genetic testing grew more refined , we were able to pinpoint what made the children unique . '' 
 mcbride leaned closer . 
 `` autism is triggered by a mix of environmental factors coupled with a variable number of ten genes . 
 what we discovered was that the strongest of the savants-our omega-class subjects-carried a specific three genes . 
 three genetic markers . 
 when they appeared in just the right sequence , coupled with mild to moderate autism , an amazing savant talent would arise . '' 
 `` which you in turn augmented further , '' mcbride said . 
 `` creating a perfect storm of genetics and bioengineering . '' 
 yuri nodded . 
 `` brilliant . 
 truly brilliant . 
 then it was just as well we used archibald to lure one of your omega subjects out into the open . 
 and all the more reason for us to get hold of that girl . '' 
 yuri startled . 
 concern rang through him . 
 `` you do n't have sasha ? '' 
 mcbride frowned and tilted back to his chair . 
 `` no , but in the past hour , we 've determined where she is likely being kept . 
 and it seems the same group has sent a team to follow in archibald 's footsteps . 
 luckily we have taken measures to erase those footsteps completely . '' 
 `` who ... who has sasha ? '' 
 `` you want to know ? '' 
 mcbride glowered down at yuri . 
 it was plainly a sore spot for the man . 
 `` i 'll show you . '' 
 he motioned to chen . 
 no ! 
 yuri 's chest lit with fire , streaking in jagged lines across his chest , linking point to point , forming a crooked symbol on his chest , a letter , a fiery greek letter . 
 mcbride growled through yuri 's agony . 
 `` they wo n't be a problem for long . '' 
 2:04 p.m. agra , india despite her father 's fascination , elizabeth had never been to india . 
 she stared out the taxi van as it swept away from the airport . 
 the windows were down but offered little relief from the heat , well over a hundred degrees . 
 traffic moved at a snail 's pace , snarled amid rickshaws pulled by both bicycles and even one camel . 
 she was close enough to a neighboring taxi , whose windows were also open , that she could smell the driver 's thin cigar as he chewed on its end . 
 the smoke cut like a knife through the density of the city 's melange of curry , filth , and cooking grease . 
 the neighboring driver huffed at the traffic and pounded the heel of his hand on his horn . 
 the blare was barely heard above the chaos , made worse by a festival under way ahead , bright with the sounds of cymbals . 
 all around , pedestrians packed the sidewalks and walked through the creeping cars , fighting for space with bicycles and motorcycles . 
 elizabeth found her breathing growing heavier , her chest constricting-not from the humidity and heat but from the press of humanity . 
 she was n't normally claustrophobic , but the noise , the unending vibrancy , the hawk and holler of so many people , blanketed her , squeezed her . 
 her hands formed fists on her knees . 
 finally , through judicious use of his own horn , the taxi driver broke through a gap and pushed for the next intersection . 
 he turned the corner , and the way opened to a wider thoroughfare that aimed straight for the heart of the city . 
 elizabeth sighed in relief . 
 `` finally , '' kowalski said next to her , echoing her sentiment . 
 `` we should 've rented a van . 
 i could 've gotten us there faster . '' 
 the large man was crammed against her side , but he seemed to sense her distress and tried to keep back , which did n't help the other passenger sharing their row . 
 beyond kowalski , shay rosauro elbowed the large man for more room . 
 her face shone with a sheen of sweat . 
 she had used the time stuck in traffic to undo the black bandanna that bound her hair and refold it into an efficient head scarf that tucked behind her ears . 
 gray , who sat in the front passenger 's seat of the van , leaned toward the driver and pointed . 
 the driver nodded . 
 gray settled back into place . 
 the final member of their company sat in the back row of the van . 
 luca hearn wore an inscrutable expression , but his dark eyes seemed to watch everything . 
 he had strapped two daggers to wrist sheaths before leaving the plane , prepared for an unwelcome homecoming to the land of his people . 
 gray twisted in his seat . 
 `` we 'll be at the hotel in another ten minutes , '' he called back to them . 
 the taxi sped to where the road ended at the yamuna river . 
 its waters glinted like blue steel in the bright sunlight , lined by palms . 
 to the left rose a massive fort built of red sandstone , with high parapets and thick walls . 
 reaching the river , they turned away from the fort and followed the curve of the waterway . 
 traffic slowed again , but in only a few minutes , the view opened to the left , revealing an expansive parkland of meadows , gardens , reflecting pools , and patches of forest . 
 the greenbelt hugged the banks of the river , but the true wonder seemed to float above it all , a cloud of white marble set against the shimmering blue sky . 
 the taj mahal . 
 the mausoleum was an engineering wonder and an architectural marvel . 
 but at the moment , it appeared more like a dream , aglow and drifting in the heavens . 
 built over three centuries ago by the mughal emperor shāh jāhan , to mark the final resting place of his beloved wife , it was to many a testament to the eternity of love . 
 but it was not their destination . 
 the taxi van skirted to the side and pulled up to a five-story white building , lined at each level by large arched windows , the deedar-e-taj hotel . 
 it was here they were to meet dr. hayden masterson . 
 `` the restaurant is on the top , '' elizabeth said as they piled out . 
 she checked her watch . 
 they were half an hour late . 
 gray paid the driver , and they all crossed past a dancing fountain into the hotel lobby , gloriously air-conditioned . 
 `` kowalski , '' gray said and pointed to the front desk , `` you and luca secure our rooms . 
 we 'll head up . '' 
 he nodded to elizabeth and rosauro . 
 kowalski sighed heavily , but he mumbled something about a cold shower . 
 he hovered a moment near elizabeth as gray turned toward the elevator . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he mumbled to her . 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` back in the taxi . 
 i thought maybe ... you looked sort of ... '' he shrugged . 
 `` just the heat ... maybe nerves , '' she mumbled . 
 `` i have just the ticket . '' 
 he leaned conspiratorially over to her and parted his suit jacket enough to reveal two cigars in an inner pocket . 
 `` cubans . 
 from the duty-free shop at the airport . '' 
 she smiled at him . 
 she could almost kiss him right now . 
 before she could say anything , the elevator chimed behind her . 
 gray called for her to hurry . 
 kowalski straightened and patted his jacket . 
 he winked at her as he turned away . 
 actually winked . 
 who still winked ? 
 still , her smile did linger on her lips as she turned to join gray and rosauro . 
 gray ushered her inside and punched the button for the top floor . 
 `` is there anything else we should know about dr. masterson ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` just do n't mention manchester united , '' she mumbled . 
 `` the soccer team ? '' 
 `` trust me , or you 'll never hear a word about my father or his research . 
 also , do n't push him . 
 let him get to the point in his own time . '' 
 the elevator doors whisked open upon a strange sight . 
 a large restaurant filled the roof level , sparsely occupied at this hour . 
 tables were set with linen and fine china . 
 the smell of curry and garlic lingered tantalizingly in the air . 
 but what was unusual was that the entire restaurant slowly rotated . 
 it spun through a panoramic view of the city , including the taj mahal . 
 at a table by one of the windows , a tall man unfolded from his seat . 
 he lifted an arm , then lowered it , and tapped at his wristwatch . 
 elizabeth smiled and crossed toward him , stepping onto the turning platform . 
 it was a bit disconcerting at first , but she led the others forward through the nests of empty tables . 
 a few servers in gold vests nodded a greeting to them . 
 it had been several years since she had last seen dr. masterson . 
 he still wore his characteristic white suit , formal , colonial , with a wide-brimmed panama hat that rested on a neighboring table . 
 a cane leaned there , too , with a hooked ivory handle carved in the shape of a white crane . 
 his hair , worn long to the shoulder , had also gone white to match , which she was sure did not entirely displease him . 
 his face was craggy , leathery , tanned to a deep bronze that by now probably never faded . 
 elizabeth made formal introductions . 
 dr. shay rosauro expressed what an honor it was to meet him , which went a long way to turning his irritated frown into something that bordered on welcoming . 
 women were a weakness of hayden 's , especially the attention of someone as long-limbed and lithe as dr. rosauro . 
 elizabeth 's father had once hinted at why the professor had remained at the university of mumbai , versus oxford or cambridge . 
 it seemed to involve a sticky matter concerning an undergraduate student . 
 hayden waved them all to their seats , making sure dr. rosauro was positioned next to him . 
 by the time they were situated , the restaurant had rotated to a stunning view of the taj mahal . 
 hayden noted their attention . 
 `` the mausoleum to mumtaz mahal , wife of the shh jhan ! '' 
 he said with a bluster . 
 `` that dear wife of the emperor extracted four promises from the bloke . '' 
 he ticked them off with his fingers . 
 `` to build a great tomb to her , of course . 
 second , that he would marry again . 
 now that 's a wife ! 
 third , that he 'd be forever kind to their children . 
 and lastly , that jahan would visit her tomb each year on the anniversary of her death . 
 which he did honor , until the day he was buried in the taj with his dear wife . '' 
 `` true love , '' rosauro said , staring out at the beauty of the mausoleum . 
 `` and what 's a love story without a little spilled blood ? '' 
 hayden said and patted rosauro 's hand . 
 he left his palm resting there . 
 `` it is alleged that jahan had the hands of all his artisans chopped off upon completion of the tomb , to ensure that they could never again build a monument with such grace as the taj mahal . '' 
 at hayden 's other side , gray stirred , plainly anxious to bring the discussion to bear on the reason they 'd all traveled halfway around the globe . 
 elizabeth brushed her toe against gray 's , warning him . 
 his eyes met hers . 
 do n't push him , she silently communicated . 
 as she faced around , hayden 's right ear blew away with a spray of blood-at the exact time a sharp chime rang out like struck crystal . 
 gray and rosauro both moved while elizabeth was still frozen in place . 
 rosauro yanked hayden down to the floor ; gray tackled into elizabeth . 
 she caught a glimpse of a perfect hole in the pane of glass behind hayden , radiating cracks . 
 as she fell , more holes appeared with ringing cracks-then she hit the floor , gray on top of her . 
 `` stay down ! '' 
 she cringed flat as a barrage of gunfire ripped through the restaurant , coming from some sniper on a neighboring rooftop . 
 crystal glassware shattered . 
 one of the servers twisted around , as if kicked , and fell flat . 
 blood poured out onto the tile floor . 
 gray urged her to crawl . 
 but elizabeth was too afraid to move . 
 the sniper could n't shoot her if she remained where she was . 
 gray corrected her of this misconception . 
 `` he 's pinning us down ! '' 
 he hollered to both elizabeth and hayden , who also seemed unwilling to move . 
 `` trying to hold us here ! '' 
 elizabeth understood what that implied . 
 she gained her hands and knees . 
 they had to move . 
 now . 
 more gunmen were on their way here . 
 9 september 6 , 1:01 p.m. southern ural mountains as the bear charged , the large man shoved pyotr down the steep riverbank . 
 arms out , he struck hard and rolled . 
 branches poked , something scraped his cheek . 
 pyotr tumbled toward the river , scrabbling amid the wet ferns and slippery beds of pine needles . 
 he did n't know how to swim . 
 water terrified him . 
 sharper screams cut through the bear 's roar . 
 his friends . 
 konstantin and kiska . 
 pyotr 's knee struck a rock with a pain that shot to his spine . 
 he landed flat on the riverbank 's edge . 
 water swirled past his nose . 
 he cringed back from his reflection in the dark waters . 
 his image swam and churned , sunlight glinted and sparked as a strong gust stirred the branches overhanging the river . 
 pyotr hung there in that scintillating moment of terror , suspended above the dark , dazzling water . 
 he 'd had no warning of the brown bear until it rose up before them . 
 its gentle heart had been overshadowed by the hunger that hunted them , its steady beat muffled by the strident siren behind them . 
 still , pyotr 's terror spiked higher . 
 not because of the water . 
 not because of the bear . 
 light and dark swirled under him . 
 oil on water . 
 not the bear . 
 not the bear . 
 he panted in dread . 
 the bear was not the danger . 
 something else ... 1:02 p.m. monk raised his pack , his only weapon , as the bear pounded down upon him . 
 he had shoved pyotr toward the water and the other two children into the underbrush on the other side . 
 marta leaped to a low branch and swung down toward pyotr . 
 monk hollered and swung his pack high in the air . 
 the bear barreled straight at him . 
 monk flung the pack hard and leaped to the side . 
 too late . 
 as he flew , the bear struck his legs like a freight train , flipping monk sideways . 
 the pack bounced uselessly off its furry shoulders . 
 monk hit the trunk of a larch tree broadside and crumpled to its base . 
 with the wind knocked from him , he gasped and fought to his feet , his arms up to protect his face and head . 
 but the bear ignored him and charged onward down the deer track . 
 monk stumbled back to the path . 
 forty yards away , the bear bowled into two shadowy shapes lurking there . 
 two tall wolves , long limbed and snarling . 
 the bear swatted a massive paw and sent one wolf flying , end over end . 
 the other leaped for the bear 's throat but found only yellow teeth and a fierce bellow of rage . 
 the wolf howled , but still fought . 
 monk noticed the cap of steel on the back of the wolves ' skulls . 
 hunters from the underground city . 
 scouts . 
 there could be more . 
 monk quickly gathered konstantin and kiska . 
 marta appeared , with pyotr riding her back . 
 monk collected the boy and pointed . 
 `` run ! '' 
 he whispered . 
 they took off together . 
 if there were other hunters on the trail behind them , they would have to get past the bear . 
 it offered some protection . 
 monk glanced back as the battle continued amid roars and howls . 
 the bear had reacted with swift and deadly aggression , responding with a blind hostility that bordered on fury . 
 did the bear have experience with these wolves ? 
 had the soldiers hunted the woods with them ? 
 or was it something more fundamental , a reaction to an affront against nature . 
 like a lioness swiftly killing off a deformed cub . 
 either way , it bought monk and the children some extra leeway . 
 but for how long ? 
 2:28 p.m. agra , india gray herded everyone across the shattered restaurant . 
 without a clear target , the continual barrage from the sniper had died down to bursts , enough to keep them pinned low . 
 moving in a crouch , gray aimed for the fire exit . 
 the stairwell opened beside the elevator . 
 they dared not use the lift . 
 whoever arranged this ambush surely had people posted in the lobby , watching the front exit and elevator bay . 
 to call for the lift would only alert any men posted below . 
 they 'd be trapped . 
 the only hope was to use the stairs to reach another level of the hotel and hole up in one of the rooms and regroup . 
 their route to the stairwell was confounded by the rotation of the floor , but gray knew the motion had also saved dr. masterson 's life . 
 that first bullet had been meant for the back of the professor 's skull . 
 the rotation of the floor must have thrown off the sniper 's aim , turning a fatal shot into a grazing wound . 
 gray had to give the old guy some credit . 
 after the initial shock , he seemed hardly fazed . 
 he pressed a cloth napkin against his ear , already soaked with blood . 
 he had somehow managed to grab his white hat and had it perched aslant on his head . 
 rosauro kept to his side , bearing the man 's ivory-handled cane . 
 gray and elizabeth reached the stationary lobby of the restaurant , followed a step behind by rosauro and masterson . 
 `` the stairs , '' gray said . 
 `` on it . '' 
 rosauro dashed across the lobby in two running strides , then slid low to the door like a baseball player stealing home . 
 she smoothly slipped a sig sauer semiautomatic from an ankle holster . 
 staying on her knees , she reached up , yanked the handle , and used her shoulder to nudge the door open , just wide enough to cover with her pistol and observe the stairs . 
 gray heard it immediately . 
 boots pounded up the tile stairs . 
 many boots . 
 `` seven to ten , '' rosauro assessed . 
 they were too late . 
 `` hold them back , '' gray ordered and rolled over to the elevator . 
 noting his destination , elizabeth reached for one of the call buttons , but gray blocked her before she could press it . 
 according to the lighted display above the doors , the cage was still waiting at the lobby level . 
 it was surely under watch . 
 gray scooted over to one of the restaurant 's service stations and found a carving knife and an armful of folded tablecloths . 
 he returned to the elevator and slipped the knife between the doors . 
 he levered the blade enough to get his fingers and the tip of a boot through the gap . 
 with a single heave , he shoved the doors open . 
 as he did so , the crack of a pistol blasted-followed by a cry of surprise and pain from the stairwell . 
 a short spat of gunplay followed . 
 but rosauro had the higher ground . 
 gray did n't know how long that advantage would hold out . 
 if they rushed her post , she 'd be swamped . 
 they had to move fast . 
 beyond the open doors , the elevator shaft was pitch dark . 
 two oily cables dangled . 
 there was also a metal service ladder to one side . 
 they 'd never have time to climb . 
 gray passed the tablecloths to masterson and elizabeth . 
 he showed them how to bundle them between their hands . 
 `` it 's only a short step , '' he assured them and pointed to the cables . 
 `` hang tight and brake with your shoes . 
 try not to make too much noise when you get to the cage below . 
 wait for us there . '' 
 he got a worried nod from elizabeth and a roll of the eyes from masterson . 
 but the gunfire discouraged any dissent . 
 elizabeth pressed forward first . 
 she reached out with her wrapped hands and leaped to the cables . 
 with a small cry , she slid down the shaft . 
 once she disappeared into the gloom , masterson followed , securing his cane under his pant belt , like a sword in a scabbard . 
 he was tall and long-limbed enough to reach the cables by stretching his arms out . 
 down he went . 
 `` go ! '' 
 rosauro called to him . 
 she did not turn but fired two quick shots . 
 `` i 'll be right behind you . '' 
 `` the elevator latch - '' `` go , pierce ! '' 
 gray knew better than to argue with a woman ... especially one with a gun . 
 he bundled his hands , leaped , and mounted the cable . 
 he slid down with a shout back to rosauro . 
 before he even finished his yell , she appeared at the lip overhead , limned against the brightness . 
 she swung to the service ladder , yanked the inside latch , and closed the elevator doors . 
 darkness swallowed gray as he slid down the cable . 
 he felt the line shake as rosauro joined him . 
 gray 's eyes quickly grew accustomed to the gloom . 
 weak light filtered through each level 's doors . 
 as he slid past the floors , counting them down , he made out the shadowy elevator car below . 
 two figures huddled together at one corner . 
 a tiny flicker of flame ignited below . 
 elizabeth 's cigarette lighter . 
 gray braked his descent and landed lightly atop the elevator . 
 a moment later , rosauro dropped next to him . 
 gray found the service hatch . 
 he removed his own weapon and opened the hatch enough to peek through . 
 the cage was empty below , the doors closed . 
 he motioned the others to remain on top . 
 gripping the edge of the hatchway with one hand , gray swung down and dropped into a crouch , his weapon up . 
 he reached for the button that opened the doors . 
 he heard shouts and panic coming from the lobby . 
 the gunfire had stirred the sleepy hotel into a beehive . 
 just as well . 
 the chaos could serve them . 
 gray hit the button , and the doors parted . 
 he darted out as soon as there was enough space and ducked to the left , where a waist-high planter supported a dwarf palm tree . 
 the lobby churned and milled with people . 
 management yelled in both hindi and english . 
 steps away , gray immediately picked out two people who looked too calm , wearing jackets despite the heat . 
 hands in pockets . 
 he noted earpieces in place . 
 they spotted him , too . 
 but his sudden and unexpected appearance caught them off guard . 
 despite the crowd , gray had no choice but to react quickly . 
 a prolonged firefight would only threaten more lives . 
 with his weapon already raised through the palm leaves , he squeezed the trigger and dropped the first man with a headshot . 
 pivoting on his toe , he squeezed twice more in rapid succession , knowing his aim was not as fixed . 
 the first shot struck the man 's shoulder , spinning him back . 
 the second went wide and buried itself into the plaster wall . 
 the gunman fired through the pocket of his jacket , but gray dropped to the floor as plaster blasted behind him . 
 lying on his shoulder , arms extended , he fired again , a few inches from the floor . 
 the assailant 's ankle exploded , and he toppled face forward and hit the marble floor hard with his chin , shattering bone . 
 he did n't move again . 
 gray turned to the elevator in time to see the cage doors slip closed . 
 the bystanders in the lobby , stunned for a breath , emptied in all directions with screams and shouts . 
 gray stabbed the button . 
 nothing . 
 he glanced up to the lighted display . 
 the elevator had been called . 
 it was headed up . 
 up toward the gunmen in the rooftop restaurant . 
 crouching atop the elevator , elizabeth heard the lift pulleys engage . 
 with a lurch , the car began to rise . 
 the elevator had been called . 
 `` mierda ... , '' rosauro swore next to her . 
 elizabeth stared up to the dark shaft . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she still held her lighter , flickering with a tiny flame . 
 she felt helpless , and she hated how her hands shook . 
 `` you 're going to stay here , '' rosauro said and leaned forward and blew out the flame . 
 `` in the dark . 
 not a word . 
 not a sound . '' 
 the woman sat on the lip of the hatch , then dropped down into the elevator . 
 `` close the door , '' she called quietly up to them . 
 `` but keep it unlocked . 
 just in case . '' 
 in case of what ? 
 still , elizabeth obeyed . 
 she swung the hatch almost closed , holding it ajar with her pinky . 
 her last sight of rosauro was as the woman readied her weapon . 
 biting back a curse as the elevator lifted away , gray ran for the stairs . 
 he knocked a few people aside and leaped over a couple huddled low on the stairs , covering their heads . 
 he mounted the stairs three at a time , racing around and around , pausing only long enough to make sure the car had n't stopped . 
 if he could get above it and hit the call button , then he could stop the elevator before it reached the roof . 
 he missed it on the second level and sprinted . 
 shouts called from above , deep-throated and brusque . 
 it sounded like the assault team was headed back down . 
 gray burst onto the third floor to check the elevator and ran smack into a wall-or rather , the human equivalent of it . 
 kowalski stood at the elevator bay , finger on the button . 
 `` gray ! '' 
 he said , rubbing his stomach . 
 `` ow , what the hell , man ? '' 
 the elevator chimed open . 
 rosauro leaped out , her pistol pressed into kowalski 's face . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he bumped back a step . 
 `` you called the elevator ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` yeah , i was going up to the restaurant , find out what all the commotion was . '' 
 gray did n't know which was kowalski 's greatest asset : his thickheadedness or his laziness . 
 `` everybody out ! '' 
 gray yelled . 
 rosauro was already in motion , helping elizabeth and masterson down through the hatch . 
 gray led them back to the stairs . 
 kowalski brought up their rear . 
 rosauro moved alongside him as they fled down the stairs . 
 `` i heard them speaking english . 
 no british accents . 
 american . '' 
 gray nodded . 
 mercenaries from the look of the pair in the lobby . 
 still , he pictured the man he 'd spotted outside the museum of american history . 
 with the name badge from the defense intelligence agency . 
 mapplethorpe . 
 someone knew they 'd be here . 
 they reached the deserted lobby . 
 gray urged everyone toward the open door-but before they could reach it , a figure stepped into view . 
 he shouldered a snub-nosed m4 carbine assault rifle . 
 additionally , strapped to his back , he bore a long-barreled m24 , fitted with a sniper 's scope . 
 it was the gunman from the neighboring rooftop . 
 the barrel of his weapon pointed at masterson 's nose . 
 the sniper did n't intend to miss this shot . 
 then the gunman 's head snapped backward . 
 he dropped to his knees like a puppet with its strings cut . 
 then fell face forward with a clatter . 
 at the base of his skull , the shiny steel handle of a throwing dagger protruded . 
 beyond the body , luca stood outside by the dancing fountain . 
 the gypsy had another dagger ready in his hand . 
 gray kicked away the loose rifle , which kowalski retrieved . 
 luca rushed up to them and yanked out his knife . 
 `` thanks , '' gray said . 
 `` i was outside smoking when the gunfire began , '' the man explained and waved to the courtyard . 
 `` tracked its source across the street . 
 went over there . 
 i was going up when he came down , so i hid and followed him back here . '' 
 gray clapped the man gratefully on the shoulder . 
 he 'd saved all their lives . 
 gray pointed to the door . 
 `` everybody out . 
 we need to get out of this city . 
 fast . '' 
 they hurried out to the street . 
 `` fast might be a problem , '' kowalski said . 
 he stood with one hand on his hip , half hiding the snubbed assault rifle under his suit jacket . 
 gray stared up and down the street and along the neighboring service alley . 
 every direction was packed with taxis , rickshaws , wagons , trucks , and cars . 
 all stopped dead . 
 not moving . 
 a chorus of horns and music blared , along with singing and chanting . 
 a festival was in full swing down the street . 
 the commotion had helped to mask the chaos at the hotel , but not completely . 
 distantly , gray heard a siren wailing . 
 city police . 
 responding to the gunfire . 
 he also heard shouts echo out of the lobby . 
 the assault team headed down . 
 rosauro turned to him . 
 `` what do we - ? '' 
 a scream of motorcycle engines cut her off . 
 gray turned . 
 to the left a few blocks back , three black bikes zigzagged through the logjam . 
 too fast , too intent . 
 they barreled through people , knocking them aside . 
 they sped straight toward the hotel . 
 each bike bore an additional rider with a rifle . 
 more commandos . 
 gray pulled everyone into the service alley , out of direct view . 
 he turned to masterson and snatched the white hat from his head . 
 `` your coat , too , '' he ordered as he crammed the hat on his own head . 
 `` what do you intend , sir ? '' 
 masterson asked as he climbed out of his white jacket . 
 `` that sniper targeted you first , dr. masterson . 
 you 're the primary target . '' 
 `` pierce ... , '' rosauro said warningly . 
 gray hiked into the loose jacket . 
 `` i 'm going to lead those bikes away , '' he explained and pointed to the crowded street . 
 he aimed his other arm down the narrow alley . 
 `` you take the others that way . 
 we 'll regroup at the fort we saw coming into town . '' 
 rosauro paused to digest his plan , then quickly nodded . 
 `` i 'm coming with you , '' kowalski said . 
 he stepped from beside elizabeth and raised his weapon . 
 `` you 'll need backup . '' 
 rosauro nodded . 
 `` he 's better with you than me . 
 i 'll have enough on my hands protecting the civilians . '' 
 gray did n't have time to argue . 
 he could use a little muscle and firepower . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` mr. pierce ! '' 
 gray turned back . 
 masterson tossed his cane at him . 
 he caught it , completing his ensemble . 
 `` just do n't lose it ! 
 that 's an eighteenth-century ivory handle ! '' 
 gray hurried out into the streets with kowalski in tow . 
 he ran in a feigned stumble , waving his cane , shouting with a british accent . 
 `` someone help ! 
 they 're bloody trying to kill me ! '' 
 he headed down the street toward the festival , running among the stalled cars and idling wagons . 
 behind them , the motorcycles choked and bobbled as they reached the hotel-then whined back up into a full scream . 
 coming after them . 
 kowalski followed . 
 `` they 've taken the bait . '' 
 6:33 a.m. washington , d.c. . 
 a knock on the door startled painter . 
 he had been close to dozing off , seated in his chair , elbows on the desktop , a pile of notes and test results from lisa and malcolm beneath his face . 
 earlier , he had ordered kat to take a nap in one of the medical center 's spare beds . 
 up all night himself , he should 've taken that same advice . 
 he pressed the lock release under his desk , and the door swung open . 
 he 'd been expecting lisa or malcolm . 
 painter sat straighter in surprise and gained his feet . 
 a tall , wide-shouldered man entered , dressed in a blue suit . 
 his red hair had gone mostly a whitish gray , combed neatly back . 
 `` sean ? '' 
 sean mcknight was the director of darpa and painter 's immediate superior . 
 he 'd also been the man to recruit painter into sigma over a decade ago , when sean had sat in painter 's chair . 
 mcknight had been the visionary first director of sigma , taking archibald polk 's concept and turning it into reality . 
 but more important , sean was a good friend . 
 the man waved painter back into his seat . 
 `` do n't get up for me , son , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm not about to take that chair again . '' 
 painter smiled . 
 on his first day as director , sean had sent painter a crate of antacids . 
 he had thought it was a good gag gift-but a couple of years later , painter had gone through half the crate . 
 `` something tells me , sean , your job is n't any lighter . '' 
 `` not today it 's not . '' 
 sean sank into a chair across the desk from him . 
 `` i 've been checking into that man commander pierce saw outside the museum . 
 mapplethorpe . 
 john mapplethorpe . '' 
 `` so it was n't a false i.d. he 'd spotted ? '' 
 `` on the contrary . 
 mapplethorpe is a division chief for the defense intelligence agency . 
 his oversight is the russian federation and its splinter states . '' 
 painter recalled malcolm 's initial assessment about where polk had been fatally exposed to radiation . 
 chernobyl . 
 what was mapplethorpe 's role in all of this ? 
 `` the man has powerful allies among intelligence agencies , '' sean continued . 
 `` known for his ruthlessness and manipulation . 
 but he 's also known as someone who can get results . 
 a valuable commodity in washington . '' 
 `` so how is he involved in all of this ? '' 
 `` i 've read your update . 
 you know all about the declassified project stargate . 
 how it was discontinued in the middle 1990s . '' 
 `` but it was n't , '' painter said . 
 `` in its final years , it vanished into the defense intelligence agency . '' 
 `` that 's correct . 
 it became mapplethorpe 's project . 
 he was approached in 1996 by a pair of russian scientists-who were running the soviet union 's version of stargate . 
 they were strapped for funds and sought our aid . 
 we agreed to help-for our mutual benefit in this new world of borderless enemies . 
 so a small cabal of jasons was assigned to work jointly with the russians . 
 that 's when the whole project went deeply classified . 
 vanished . 
 only a handful of people were even aware of its continuing existence . '' 
 `` until archibald came stumbling to our doorstep , '' painter said . 
 `` we believe he sought to expose them . 
 to bring out evidence . '' 
 `` of the atrocities being committed in the name of science . '' 
 `` in the name of national security , '' sean corrected . 
 `` keep that in mind . 
 that 's the oil that greases the wheels in washington . 
 do not underestimate mapplethorpe . 
 he knows how to play this game . 
 and he believes himself a true patriot . 
 he 's also gone a long way to establish himself as such in the intelligence communities . 
 here and abroad . '' 
 painter shook his head . 
 sean continued , `` mapplethorpe has got every intelligence agency in the country looking for that skull you acquired . 
 every combination of initials imaginable . 
 cia , fbi , nsa , nro , oni ... i wager he 's even employed the network of retired spies with the aarp . '' 
 sean tried to smile at his own joke , but it came out tired . 
 `` i ca n't keep a lid on this much longer . 
 archibald was shot right on your doorstep . 
 his ties to the jasons , to sigma , will not go unnoticed for long . 
 and after last year 's government oversight on our operations , there are many classified trails that lead here . '' 
 `` so what are you saying ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 `` i think it 's time that the skull made a reappearance . 
 the wolves are circling closer . 
 i can broker the skull through another intelligence agency , so it does n't leave a trail back to sigma . '' 
 he met and held painter 's gaze . 
 `` but that 'll buy you only a half a day grace period with the girl . 
 if gray and his team do n't have answers before then , we may be forced to give her up . '' 
 `` i wo n't do that , sean . '' 
 `` you may have no choice . '' 
 painter stood . 
 `` then you meet her first . 
 you look at her , what was done to her . 
 and you tell me how i can hand that girl over to mapplethorpe . '' 
 painter saw his mentor balk . 
 it was easier to condemn the faceless . 
 still , sean nodded and stood . 
 he never shied from the difficult . 
 it was why painter respected the man so much . 
 `` let 's go say hello , '' sean said . 
 they exited together and descended the two levels to where the child was being kept . 
 as they reached the lower floor , painter spotted kat and lisa at the end of the hall near the door to the girl 's room . 
 kat seemed frantic . 
 painter knew the woman had been upset after seeing the child draw a picture of her husband , monk , but kat had eventually calmed down . 
 she had admitted opening her wallet to show the girl pictures of her own daughter , penelope , as a baby , hoping to establish a bond with the child . 
 she 'd had a picture of monk among the photos . 
 but i 'm sure she did n't see it , kat had said . 
 at least i 'm fairly certain . 
 the only other explanation , as wild as it might be , was that the girl had somehow plucked monk 's image out of kat 's head , someone close to the woman 's heart . 
 either way , kat had calmed down and agreed that it was best she take a nap . 
 exhaustion had put her on edge . 
 spotting the men now , kat came down the hall to meet them , plainly too anxious to wait . 
 `` director , '' she said in a rush , `` we were about to call you . 
 the girl 's fever is spiking again . 
 we have to do something . 
 lisa thinks ... thinks she 's dying . '' 
 2:35 p.m. agra , india gray hurried down the street . 
 the closer he got to the major intersection ahead , the worse the traffic snarled . 
 pedestrians were now packed shoulder to shoulder , slowly flowing through the creeping vehicles . 
 the festival closed off the major thoroughfare . 
 traffic was diverted to secondary roads . 
 horns blared , bicycle bells rang , people yelled and cursed . 
 behind them , the scream of the motorcycles had wound down to a deep-throated growl . 
 even the hunters had become mired in this bog of humanity . 
 still , gray made sure to stay low . 
 kowalski shoved closer to him , ducking under the nose of a horse-drawn wagon . 
 `` some of 'em are on foot now . '' 
 gray glanced back . 
 the three black motorcycles had been slowly losing ground . 
 the cycle 's passengers had abandoned the bikes and now followed through the crowd behind them . 
 two flanked the road , and one came down the center of the street . 
 three threats had become six . 
 `` do n't like those odds , '' gray mumbled . 
 he came up with a fast plan and told kowalski what to do and where to meet . 
 `` i 'll take the high road . 
 you take the low . '' 
 the large man crouched in front of a truck . 
 he stared at the muck of droppings from horse , donkey , and camel underfoot . 
 `` how come i have to take the low road ? '' 
 `` because i 'm wearing white . '' 
 with a shake of his head , kowalski dropped even lower , one hand on the asphalt . 
 in a crouch , he shuffled back toward the hotel . 
 holding the panama hat atop his head , gray leaped to the trunk of the taxi ahead and fled across the top of it toward the festival . 
 his boots pounded a timpani across the taxi 's rooftop and hood-then he bounded over to the next car in line and continued down the street , leaping and clambering across the tops of cars , taxis , and wagons . 
 shouts followed him , and fists shook in his wake . 
 but in the bumper-to-bumper traffic , the high road was the faster mode of travel . 
 gray glanced over a shoulder . 
 as he 'd hoped , the hunters had spotted him . 
 in order not to lose him , the three on foot had mounted the high road , too . 
 they came after him from three different directions , but at least they were too unbalanced to risk a shot at him . 
 crouching low , using masterson 's cane for balance and support , gray leapfrogged his way toward the noisy , boisterous festival . 
 he had to lure the three footmen away from the motorcycles . 
 divide and conquer . 
 sliding across the roof of a van , gray surveyed the congested sea of humanity behind him . 
 only this sea had a new shark in its waters now . 
 gray could not spot kowalski , but he witnessed the man 's handiwork . 
 farther back , the lead motorcycle edged alongside a truck . 
 when it reached the front , the cyclist suddenly jerked upright , his body shaking . 
 gray heard a distant pop-pop-pop , like the celebratory firecrackers that echoed from the festival . 
 the driver and cycle sank into the churning sea . 
 kowalski remained hidden . 
 with the hunters ' eyes on gray 's flight , it was easy for the large man to drop back , lie in wait , then jab his stolen m4 carbine into the rider as he passed . 
 point-blank , muffled . 
 but the shark was n't done hunting these seas . 
 gray left the large man to his bloody work and continued toward the confusion and chaos that was the festival . 
 it sang , danced , cheered , laughed , and screamed . 
 music blew from horns and rang out with the clash of cymbals . 
 it was the festival of janmashtami , a celebration of the birth of krishna . 
 from his vantage , he spotted patches of folks dancing the ras lila , a traditional manipuri dance representing krishna 's early , mischievous years when he had dalliances with milkmaids . 
 the packed crowds were also dotted with piles of young men forming human pyramids , striving to reach clay pots strung high across the street . 
 the pots , called dahi-handi , were filled with curd and butter . 
 the game reenacted krishna 's childish exploits , when he and his boyhood friends used to steal butter from neighbors . 
 gray heard the traditional chant of support . 
 `` govinda ! 
 govinda ! '' 
 another name for krishna . 
 gray raced across the top of vehicles toward the festival . 
 with the road ahead blocked off and traffic diverted , gray 's high road ended at the street party . 
 he leaped off the hood of the last taxi and into the crowd . 
 as he landed amid the mass of revelers , he shed the white hat and coat , removing his disguise and blending into the crowd . 
 he kept the cane in one hand and his pistol pressed to his thigh as he pushed through the masses of people . 
 he aimed for the edge of the festival where shops and food wagons crowded with patrons lined the street square . 
 the plan was to regroup with kowalski at the northwest corner of the square . 
 they dared not continue to the rendezvous at the fort until they knew they 'd shaken their tail . 
 gray reached a building with a fire escape . 
 the metal ladder was pulled down , the balconies crowded with people enjoying the festival below . 
 gray climbed to the second floor for a good vantage place to observe the crowds and watch for kowalski . 
 reaching the level , gray spotted one of his pursuers as he leaped from the hood of a truck into the mass of the festival . 
 his other two compatriots were already in the mix , readily discernible by their black helmets . 
 one bent down and lifted a soiled , trampled white hat . 
 he threw it away in disgust and frustration . 
 gray hoped they 'd realize the hopelessness of their situation and retreat . 
 but nothing was ever that easy . 
 kowalski burst into the crowd . 
 his suit jacket was a rumpled ruin . 
 his hands were empty , his cheek bloody . 
 but his worst feature was his height . 
 the man stood a head and shoulder higher than the average partier . 
 he surveyed the crowd with a hand shielding his eyes against the glare as he pushed through the sea of revelry . 
 only this time , kowalski was n't the shark in the waters . 
 one of the helmeted men pointed in the big man 's direction , recognizing him . 
 they closed in on him from all directions . 
 not good . 
 gray turned , but the balcony had grown even more crowded , the ladder jammed up with people . 
 he 'd never reach the center of the crowd in time . 
 twisting back around , gray mounted the top of the balcony 's railing , then leaped off it-straight up . 
 overhead , a thick , oily wire was strung from the balcony above and across the square . 
 gray swept his arm high and hooked the ivory handle of the cane to the wire . 
 his momentum and swing of his legs sent him skating along the wire , weighted down in the center by one of the large clay dahi-handi pots . 
 he clutched the cane and swung his other arm straight down . 
 as his heels passed over the head of one of the helmeted hunters , gray fired between his legs . 
 the impact pounded the man to the ground , the helmet shattering like a walnut shell . 
 then gray hit the top of the human pyramid that was climbing for the clay pot . 
 he knocked the topmost man down a peg and took his place at the top . 
 as he scrabbled to keep from falling , the cane went toppling down the side of the pyramid-along with gray 's pistol . 
 faces stared up at him . 
 including the remaining two gunmen . 
 weaponless , gray balanced on the shoulders of the man below him and shoved up . 
 he grabbed the bottom of the large clay pot , unhooked it , and with a silent prayer to krishna , he lobbed it down at the nearest gunman . 
 his prayer was answered . 
 the heavy pot hit the man square in his upraised face , exploding with a wash of shards and butter . 
 he went down hard . 
 the third gunman lifted his arm , cradling a pistol . 
 as the crowd screamed , he fired two shots at gray-but gray was no longer there . 
 the human pyramid crumpled under him . 
 bullets whined past the top of his head as he fell . 
 he landed in a tangle of limbs . 
 gray struggled around , trying to find a footing . 
 the gunman stalked toward the human dog pile , his gun raised . 
 before he could fire , a flash of white blurred in front . 
 the man 's head cracked back , struck in the face by the ivory handle of masterson 's cane . 
 kowalski had wielded the recovered cane like a batter swinging for the bleachers . 
 blood spurted , and the man fell straight-backed to the pavement . 
 kowalski snatched up the man 's pistol and extended the cane across the tangle of limbs and men . 
 gray grabbed the handle , and kowalski pulled him free . 
 `` death by butter , '' the large man said . 
 `` not bad , pierce . 
 puts new meaning to watching your cholesterol . '' 
 all around , the square had erupted in chaos . 
 people fled in all directions . 
 uniformed police tried to wade against the human tide . 
 gray and kowalski , now huddled low , allowed themselves to be dragged by the current out of the square and into the neighboring streets . 
 after a few harried minutes , the massive bulk of the red sandstone fort rose ahead of them , perched on the banks of the yamuna river . 
 they crossed toward the ancient walled structure-akbar 's fort-a major tourist attraction of the city , second only to the taj mahal . 
 taxis , vans , and limousines lined the avenue before it . 
 `` pierce ! '' 
 a shout called to him . 
 shay rosauro waved from beside one of the limousines , a long white whale . 
 he marched over to her . 
 luca stood at the open door . 
 masterson and elizabeth were already inside . 
 `` not exactly inconspicuous , '' gray said , eyeing the vehicle . 
 `` should hold all of us , '' rosauro explained-then offered a sly smile . 
 `` besides , who says we ca n't pimp our ride a little ? '' 
 `` lady knows what she 's talking about , '' kowalski said and strode toward the front . 
 `` maybe they 'll let me drive it . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 echoed from both gray and rosauro . 
 with a wounded frown , kowalski returned and ducked into the back of the limo . 
 rosauro followed . 
 before joining them , gray searched the sidewalks , the streets . 
 no one seemed to be paying attention . 
 hopefully they 'd shaken their tail completely . 
 he craned around and stared across the curve of the river . 
 off in the distance , the white marble of the mausoleum glowed with sunlight , peaceful and eternal , slumbering beside the bright water . 
 gray turned his back on the taj mahal . 
 only the dead slept so peacefully . 
 as he entered the back of the limousine , masterson let out a gasp of outrage . 
 `` what did you do to my cane ? '' 
 gray fell into his seat . 
 the eighteenth-century ivory handle was bloody . 
 the fine detail of the carved crane had been ground smooth from its ride across the braided wire . 
 `` the cane is the least of your worries , professor , '' gray said . 
 masterson glowered at him as the limo pulled from the curb . 
 gray pointed to the man 's bandaged ear . 
 `` someone 's trying to kill you . 
 the question , dr. masterson , is why . '' 
 10 september 6 , 7:45 a.m. washington , d.c. `` loose ends , '' trent mcbride explained . 
 `` there are too many of them . '' 
 yuri saw the man glance in his direction , but he did n't flinch . 
 let them kill him . 
 it did not matter . 
 yuri sat in an office chair . 
 they 'd allowed him to dress again after removing the electrodes . 
 his fiery torture had continued for another twenty minutes . 
 yuri had not held back . 
 he 'd divulged much , confessing more details about the genetics of the children , the secret he and savina had kept from the americans . 
 he even admitted why the russians had not objected to dr. archibald polk 's recruitment . 
 yuri admitted that polk had been getting too close to the heart of the genetic secret . 
 savina had already planned to orchestrate an accident while the man was at the warren , to silence him . 
 but in this game of scientific brinkmanship , neither he nor savina imagined that polk 's own colleague and friend would arrange his escape , all to lure one of their children out into the open . 
 and savina had taken the bait . 
 she cared little that polk had escaped with the skull , which mcbride had given him . 
 it was the genetic secret he held that had panicked savina into sending yuri and sasha into the hunt for the man . 
 she had fallen cleanly into the american 's trap . 
 `` loose ends ? '' 
 mapplethorpe asked , drawing back his attention . 
 he shook his head , unconcerned . 
 `` i see only three . 
 the girl , the skull , and polk 's trail in india . 
 the last is already being handled . 
 and i 've heard rumblings through intelligence channels that our missing skull might mysteriously turn up . '' 
 `` how did you manage that ? '' 
 mcbride asked . 
 `` get waters boiling just right , and you 'll be surprised what will come to the surface . '' 
 `` and the girl ? '' 
 yuri paid more attention . 
 mapplethorpe 's gaze flicked to him . 
 yuri knew the only reason he was still alive was because of sasha . 
 mapplethorpe needed him , knew about her medical condition , about a problem seen in all the children . 
 the stress of the mental manipulation was not without physical consequences to the subjects . 
 in fact , few lived far into their twenties , especially those with the most savant talent . 
 it was a problem that required harvesting eggs and sperm to keep the strongest genetic line viable . 
 mapplethorpe sighed . 
 `` we should have the girl before the sun sets ... if not sooner . '' 
 and you 'll still be too late , yuri thought . 
 so simple these americans , so quick to assume that what was tortured testimony was the whole story . 
 while yuri had not lied , he had committed one sin : a sin of omission . 
 in fact , mcbride had n't even known the question to ask , so secure was he in his superiority and his sadistic trust in the power of pain . 
 yuri kept his face stoic . 
 they sought to break him with their tortures , but he was an old man , one used to keeping secrets . 
 all they 'd accomplished was to harden his core for what was to come . 
 in the past months , yuri had started to have reservations about savina 's plan . 
 it was only natural . 
 millions would die in horrible ways . 
 all for a new world to be born . 
 a new renaissance . 
 yuri stared at mapplethorpe 's self-satisfied smirk and at mcbride 's bright-eyed confidence . 
 all hesitation died inside him . 
 savina was right . 
 it was time for the world to burn . 
 2:55 p.m. southern ural mountains general-major savina martov knew something was wrong . 
 she felt it in her bones , a nonspecific anxiety . 
 she could no longer remain in her office . 
 she needed reassurances . 
 with a radio held to the side of her face , she led two soldiers through the dark and abandoned streets that cut through the old soviet-era apartments that filled the back half of the chelyabinsk 88 cavern . 
 the featureless concrete blocks that rose to either side were the original housing for prisoners who worked the mines and refinement plants . 
 the men had traded life sentences in the gulags for five years ' work here . 
 not that any of them ever saw that fifth year . 
 most died from radiation before the end of their first year . 
 a foolish gamble , but then again , hope could turn any rational man desperate . 
 this was the legacy she had inherited . 
 it served as a reminder . 
 others thought her cruel , but sometimes necessity could wear no other face . 
 the children were well fed , their needs attended . 
 pain was minimized as much as humanly possible . 
 cruelty ? 
 she stared around at the hollow-eyed apartments , cold , dark , haunted . 
 all she saw was necessity . 
 the radio fritzed at her ear as lieutenant borsakov came back online . 
 so far she had heard only negative reports from the second in command . 
 he was still searching the surrounding mountains and foothills for the children . 
 he 'd been led astray by several false trails , discovering a discarded hospital shirt . 
 `` we found two dead dogs , '' borsakov said . 
 `` by the river . 
 they 'd been torn to shreds . 
 bear attack . 
 but we 've picked up a strong trail . '' 
 `` and what about the cats ? '' 
 she asked , speaking into a radio . 
 silence stretched for a moment . 
 `` lieutenant , '' she said more firmly . 
 `` we were holding off sending them until we had a clear trail . 
 did n't want to risk the dogs with the tigers ranging the hills . '' 
 he kept his voice practical , but savina recognized the strained edge behind his words . 
 the lieutenant was not so much concerned with the dogs as he was the children . 
 why did she always have to be the hard one ? 
 she spoke crisply . 
 `` you have a strong trail now , do you not , lieutenant ? '' 
 `` yes , general-major . '' 
 `` then do not disappoint me again . '' 
 `` no , general-major . '' 
 she clicked off the line . 
 she may have been harsher than she intended , but she 'd already heard disturbing news in the past hour . 
 a maintenance worker from the neighboring town of ozyorsk had discovered one of the warren 's decommissioned trucks , one once used to transport waste from a uranium enrichment plant near the shore of lake karachay . 
 inside , the worker had found a fake badge with dr. archibald polk 's face . 
 it answered the mystery of the professor 's escape . 
 he 'd had help . 
 and it did n't take much contemplation to figure out who had assisted in his escape . 
 it had to be dr. trent mcbride . 
 what game were the americans playing ? 
 with yuri 's continuing silence , she could only imagine that he and the girl had been captured . 
 in fact , the escape might have been staged to accomplish just that end . 
 if so , savina had to respect mcbride for such an effort . 
 like her , he understood necessity . 
 in retrospect , she should have never engaged in a partnership with the united states . 
 but she 'd had little choice at the time . 
 in the turmoil following the breakup of the soviet union , her project had lost all funding . 
 it was only through such a union that her work was allowed to continue . 
 the united states supplied the interim cash , seeking new ways to expand their ability to gather intelligence . 
 her project offered such a promise . 
 but her project also offered one thing more . 
 she supplied the american government with plausible deniability , similar to the secret cia-financed torture camps in europe . 
 in this new world , the lines of acceptable conduct-whether military or scientific-had become blurred . 
 not on our soil was the new american credo . 
 and she 'd been happy at the time to exploit that . 
 still , the loss of yuri and the child was not insurmountable . 
 it only required accelerating her timetable . 
 her operation-titled saturn-was supposed to follow nicolas 's actions in chernobyl by a week . 
 now the two would commence on the same day . 
 tomorrow . 
 the two operations-uranus and saturn-were named after two strategic offenses during world war ii , when soviet forces defeated the germans in the battle of stalingrad , the bloodiest battle in human history . 
 close to two million were killed in that battle , including vast numbers of civilian casualties . 
 still , the germans ' defeat was considered the turning point of the war . 
 a glorious victory for the motherland . 
 and as in the past , operation uranus and saturn would once again free russia and change the course of world history . 
 and likewise , not without casualties . 
 necessity was a cruel master . 
 savina reached the far wall of the cavern . 
 a tunnel opened , framed by thick lead blast doors , miniature versions of the same doors that closed the main tunnel into chelyabinsk 88 . 
 just inside the mouth of the tunnel rested a train and bumper stops . 
 the electrified tracks carried a single train back and forth between the warren and the heart of operation saturn , on the far side of lake karachay . 
 the old tunnel went under the toxic lake , allowing for fast transport between the two sites without risk of exposure to the lake 's hot radiological soup of strontium 90 and cesium 137 . 
 the train was already waiting for her . 
 savina climbed into one of the lead-lined cabs . 
 there were only two enclosed cars , one on either end of the train . 
 the remaining four sections were open ore cars for hauling supplies , mining gear , and rocks . 
 as the train sidled out with a clack of wheels and sizzle of electricity , the blast doors sealed behind her . 
 the tunnel went dark . 
 she stared up as the train began the five-minute journey . 
 as it accelerated , savina pictured the weight of water overhead , insulated by a quarter mile of rock . 
 the region above was the heart of the soviet union 's uranium and plutonium production . 
 mostly now defunct , the facility had once had seven active plutonium production reactors and three plutonium separation plants . 
 it was all sloppily run . 
 since 1948 , the production facilities had leaked five times more radiation than chernobyl and all of the world 's atmospheric nuclear tests combined . 
 and half that radiation was still stored in lake karachay . 
 the radiation level on the lake 's shore measured six hundred roentgens per hour . 
 sufficient to deliver a lethal dose in one hour . 
 savina remembered where the maintenance worker from ozyorsk had found dr. archibald polk 's abandoned truck . 
 on the shore of that lake . 
 she shook her head . 
 there had been no need to hunt down dr. polk . 
 he 'd been dead already . 
 lights appeared ahead . 
 it glowed with the hope for a brighter future . 
 the heart of operation saturn . 
 3:15 p.m. `` they 're planning on doing what ? '' 
 monk said , a bit too loudly as he walked alongside the riverbank . 
 he and the kids had been walking alongside the churning river for the past hour . 
 it was not the same waterway as where they 'd encountered the bear . 
 monk had forded that turbulent stream by using a series of boulders and followed it down to this larger river , buried in a dense fir forest . 
 monk had studied the topographic map several times . 
 it seemed they were following along the watershed that drained the eastern slopes of the ural mountains . 
 on the western side , the urals shed their rainwater and snowmelt into the caspian sea ; on this side , it all flowed into a region of massive rivers and hundreds of lakes , all of which eventually emptied into the arctic ocean . 
 what the russians were planning ... shock had rung in his voice . 
 konstantin winced at his sharpness . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' monk said more quietly , knowing voices traveled far in the mountains . 
 he had been the one to warn the children to speak only in whispers . 
 he obeyed his own rule now , though his voice was still strained . 
 `` even with the hole in my memory , i know what they 're planning is madness . '' 
 `` they will succeed , '' konstantin countered matter-of-factly . 
 `` it is not difficult . 
 a simple strategy . 
 we '' - he waved to pyotr and kiska , then in a general motion behind him , indicating the other children like him at the underground compound - `` have run scenarios and models , judged probable outcomes , analyzed statistical global data , studied environmental impact , and extrapolated end results . 
 it is far from madness . '' 
 monk listened to the boy . 
 he sounded more like a computer than a teenager . 
 then again , monk remembered the cold steel behind konstantin 's ear . 
 they all had them . 
 even marta bore a thumb-size block of surgical steel buried in the fur behind her ear . 
 during the past hour , konstantin had also used the time to demonstrate his skill at calculations . 
 the mental exercise had seemed to calm him . 
 kiska showed him how she could identify a bird 's song and mimic it in perfect pitch . 
 only pyotr seemed shy about his abilities . 
 `` empath , '' konstantin had explained . 
 `` he can read someone 's emotions , even when they 're hiding it , or acting contrarily . 
 one teacher said he was a living lie detector . 
 because of this , he prefers the company of animals , spends much of his time at the menagerie . 
 he 's the one who insisted we bring marta . '' 
 monk stared at where the boy walked with the elderly chimpanzee . 
 he had been studying the boy , watching how he interacted . 
 the two seemed to be in constant communication , silent glances , a pinch of brow or pucker of lip , a swing of arm . 
 he watched pyotr suddenly stiffen and stop . 
 marta did , too . 
 pyotr swung to konstantin and spoke in a rush , a frightened babble , first in russian , then english . 
 his small eyes turned up to monk , searching for some miraculous salvation . 
 `` they 're here , '' the boy whispered . 
 monk did n't have to ask who pyotr meant . 
 it was plain from the raw terror in his voice . 
 arkady and zakhar . 
 the two siberian tigers . 
 `` go ! '' 
 monk said . 
 they ran down the riverbank . 
 konstantin led the way . 
 his sister , kiska , as fleet-footed as a gazelle , followed behind him . 
 monk allowed konstantin to pick the best path through the blueberry bushes , scraggly brush , and boulders that lined the riverbanks . 
 monk kept a watch on their back trail . 
 he had to be careful . 
 streams of straw-yellow spruce needles flowed from the thick forest to the river 's edge and created patches as slick as ice underfoot . 
 pyotr slipped on a patch and landed hard on his backside . 
 marta scooped him under a hairy arm and got him back on his feet . 
 monk herded them forward . 
 konstantin and kiska widened the distance ahead of them . 
 they ran for five minutes , but exhaustion quickly began to slow them . 
 even adrenaline and terror fired you for only so long . 
 ten minutes more and they were slogging at a stumbling half trot . 
 the group closed together again . 
 there remained no sound of pursuit , no crash of branches or snap of twigs . 
 no sign of the tigers . 
 konstantin , panting and red-faced , glared at pyotr and spoke harshly in russian , plainly berating the boy for the false alarm . 
 monk waved konstantin off . 
 `` it 's not his fault , '' he gasped out . 
 pyotr wore a wounded yet still terrified expression . 
 marta hooted softly , bumping konstantin . 
 kiska also scolded her brother in russian . 
 monk had been warned that pyotr could not judge distances well , only intent . 
 he had to trust that when the tigers got really close - - pyotr went ramrod stiff , his eyes huge . 
 he opened his mouth , but terror choked him silent . 
 no words were necessary . 
 `` now ! '' 
 monk screamed . 
 turning as one , they all ran-straight for the swift-flowing river as planned . 
 monk grabbed pyotr , hugged him tight , and leaped from the bank . 
 he heard twin splashes as kiska and konstantin hit the water downstream a few yards . 
 monk surfaced in the icy-cold flow with the boy clinging like a vine to his neck . 
 he twisted in time to see marta swing up into the branches of a tree , climbing fast . 
 deeper in the forest ... motion ... swift ... a flash of fiery fur ... monk kicked for the deepest and fastest current . 
 he spotted marta leaping from one tree to another in the dense forest . 
 chimpanzees could not swim and had no natural buoyancy . 
 she had to take another path . 
 forest shadows shattered as a huge shape burst into view , low , muzzle rippling , paws wide , striped tail high and stiff . 
 the tiger leaped straight from the riverbank at monk . 
 he back-paddled and kicked , dragged by the weight of his pack and the boy . 
 pyotr tightened his arms , strangling him . 
 the tiger flew , legs out wide , black claws bared , a scream of feral fury . 
 monk could not swim fast enough . 
 but the river 's flow made up for it . 
 the tiger crashed into the water a few yards away , missing its prey . 
 monk angled into a swift channel between two boulders . 
 he got dumped into a churning hole , thrown down deep , then back up again . 
 pyotr choked and coughed . 
 monk twisted and spotted the tiger thrashing upriver . 
 it spun in an eddy of current . 
 despite the myths of cats and water , tigers were not averse to water . 
 still , the beast paddled for the shore . 
 it was not how cats hunted . 
 cats were all about the ambush . 
 the tigers had plainly stalked them , following them quietly through the forest as they fled away , driven by pyotr 's initial warning . 
 the boy had been right . 
 following age-old instincts and cunning , the pair had tracked them , waited until their prey had tired before charging . 
 tigers were sprinters , not long-distance runners . 
 they timed their charge so they could strike at the perfect moment . 
 along the river 's edge , another tiger appeared , stalking back and forth , thwarted . 
 the first cat hauled out of the river , waterlogged and drenched . 
 it shook its laden pelt and sprayed water . 
 monk got a good look at the pair . 
 though still muscular , they looked emaciated , starved . 
 their fur had a ragged appearance . 
 he noted matching steel skullcaps , like on the wolves . 
 one tiger 's ear was gnarled , shredded from an old hunting injury . 
 zakhar , according to konstantin 's description . 
 born siblings , it was the only way they could be told apart . 
 in a single smooth motion , as if responding to a silent whistle , the pair turned and vanished into the darkness . 
 monk knew it was n't over . 
 the hunt was just beginning . 
 he twisted and saw konstantin and kiska disappear around a bend in the river . 
 monk sidestroked after them . 
 pyotr shivered against him . 
 monk knew the boy was not trembling from the cold , nor even from fear of the tigers . 
 his huge , panicked eyes were not on the riverbank , but on the flow of water all around him . 
 what was terrifying him ? 
 3:35 p.m. pyotr clung to the large man . 
 he kept his arms tight around his neck , his legs around his waist . 
 water flowed all around him , filling his world . 
 he tasted it on his lips , felt it in his ears , smelled its sweetness and green rot . 
 its ice cold cut to his bones . 
 he could not swim . 
 like marta . 
 he searched the far bank as it swept past , searching for his friend . 
 pyotr knew much of his fear of water came from her heart . 
 deep water was death to her . 
 he had felt the quickening thud of her heart when they crossed on the boulders earlier today , saw the tightening of her jaw , the glassy wideness to her eyes . 
 her terror was his . 
 pyotr clasped tighter to the man . 
 but the true heart of marta 's terror lay deeper than any sea . 
 he had known it from the moment she had come to his bedside , laying a lined paw upon his sheets , inviting friendship . 
 most thought she had come to comfort him as he recovered from his first surgery . 
 but in that long breathless moment , staring into her caramel-brown eyes , pyotr had known her secret . 
 she had come to him , seeking comfort for herself , reassurance from him . 
 from that moment , terror and love had bonded them equally . 
 along with a dark secret . 
 4:28 p.m. new delhi , india `` did you know man can see into the future ? '' 
 dr. hayden masterson asked as he tapped at the computer . 
 gray stirred from studying the depths of his coffee . 
 the group shared one of the private rooms at the delhi internet cafe and video . 
 kowalski leaned against the frosted glass door , ensuring their privacy . 
 he picked at an adhesive bandage on his chin . 
 elizabeth had tended to the man 's scrapes and was now stacking the pages coming out of the laser printer beside the workstation . 
 it was just the four of them . 
 rosauro and luca had gone out to rent them a new car for the journey ahead . 
 though gray still was n't sure where they were going . 
 that all depended on masterson-and he was n't in a talking mood . 
 the professor had spoken hardly a word since they 'd escaped from the attack at the hotel . 
 attempts to draw the man out , to get him to reveal why he might be the target of assassination , had only seemed to make him withdraw . 
 he just continued to study the marred ivory handle of his cane . 
 his eyes glazed-not with shock , but in deep concentration . 
 elizabeth had given gray a quiet shake of her head . 
 do n't press him . 
 so they 'd driven north out of agra , aiming for the capital of india , new delhi . 
 during the ninety-mile trek , gray had them change vehicles twice along the way . 
 once they reached the teeming outskirts of the city , masterson had given only one instruction : i need access to a computer . 
 so here they were , in a cramped back room of an internet cafe . 
 the professor had promptly logged on to a private address on the university of mumbai 's web site , requiring three levels of code to access it . 
 `` archibald 's research , '' masterson had explained and had begun printing it all out . 
 he had remained silent until this cryptic statement about mankind seeing the future . 
 `` how do you mean ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 masterson pushed back from his workstation . 
 `` well , many people do n't know this , but it 's been scientifically proven in the last couple of years that man has the ability to see a short span into the future . 
 about three seconds or so . '' 
 `` three seconds ? '' 
 kowalski said . 
 `` lot of good that 'll do you . '' 
 `` it does plenty , '' masterson replied . 
 gray frowned at kowalski and turned back to the professor . 
 `` but what do you mean by scientifically proven ? '' 
 `` are you familiar with the cia 's stargate project ? '' 
 gray shared a glance with elizabeth . 
 `` the project dr. polk worked on for a while . '' 
 `` another researcher on the project , dr. dean radin , performed a series of experiments on volunteers . 
 he wired them up with lie detectors , measuring skin conductivity , and began showing them a series of images on a screen . 
 a random mix of horrible and soothing photos . 
 the violent and explicit images would trigger a strong response on the lie detector , an electronic wince . 
 after a few minutes , the subjects began to wince before a horrible image would appear on the screen , reacting up to three seconds in advance . 
 it happened time and again . 
 other scientists , including nobel prize winners , repeated these tests at both edinburgh and cornell universities . 
 with the same statistical results . '' 
 elizabeth shook her head with disbelief . 
 `` how could that be ? '' 
 masterson shrugged . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 but the experiment was extended to gamblers , too . 
 they were monitored while playing cards . 
 they began showing the same pattern , reacting seconds before a card would turn over . 
 a positive response when the turn was favorable , and negative when it was n't . 
 this so intrigued a nobel-winning physicist from cambridge university that he performed a more elaborate study , hooking such test subjects to mri scanners in order to study their brain activity . 
 he found that the source of this premonition seemed to lie in the brain . 
 this nobel prize winner-and keep in mind , not some bloody quack-concluded that ordinary people can see for short spans into the future . '' 
 `` that 's amazing , '' elizabeth said . 
 masterson fixed her with a steady stare . 
 `` it 's what drove your father , '' he said gently . 
 `` to determine how and why this could be . 
 if ordinary people could see for three seconds into the future , why not longer ? 
 hours , days , weeks , years . 
 for physicists , such a concept is not beyond comprehension . 
 even albert einstein once said that the difference between the past and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion . 
 time is just another dimension , like distance . 
 we have no trouble looking forward or backward along a path . 
 so why not along time , too ? '' 
 gray pictured the strange girl . 
 her charcoal sketch of the taj mahal . 
 if man could look through time , as dr. masterson reported , then why not across great distances ? 
 he remembered director crowe 's statement about the successes the cia project had with remote viewing . 
 `` all it would take , '' masterson said , `` would be to find those rare individuals who could see farther than the ordinary . 
 to study them . '' 
 or exploit them , gray thought , still thinking of the girl . 
 elizabeth passed the last page from the printer to the stack . 
 she handed it to masterson . 
 `` my father ... he was looking for these rare individuals . '' 
 `` no , my dear , he was n't looking for them . '' 
 elizabeth 's eyes pinched in confusion . 
 masterson patted her hand . 
 `` your father found them . '' 
 gray perked up . 
 `` what ? '' 
 a knock on the door interrupted the professor before he could explain . 
 kowalski shifted , checked who it was , and opened the door . 
 rosauro poked in her head and passed to gray a heavy set of rental keys . 
 `` all done in here ? '' 
 `` no , '' gray answered . 
 masterson bowled past him with an armload of papers under his arm . 
 `` yes , we are . '' 
 gray rolled his eyes and waved to the others . 
 `` c'mon . '' 
 he followed , mentally strangling the irascible professor . 
 kowalski kept to gray 's side . 
 `` he 's just getting even , '' the large man said and nodded to the walking stick under masterson 's other arm . 
 `` for what you did to his cane . '' 
 they exited the internet cafe and found luca hearn leaning on the hood of a pewter-colored mercedes-benz g55 suv . 
 it looked like a tank . 
 rosauro circled around to the front . 
 she already had a hand raised against his objections . 
 `` okay , it 's not inconspicuous . 
 i know . 
 but i did n't know where we were going or how fast we might need to get there . '' 
 kowalski grinned much too widely . 
 `` or how many hondas we might need to run over . '' 
 `` it 's got four-wheel drive , almost five hundred horses ... and ... and ... '' she shrugged . 
 `` i liked it . '' 
 kowalski passed her to inspect the car . 
 `` oh , yeah , from now on , rosauro picks out all our transportation ! '' 
 gray sighed and stepped toward dr. masterson . 
 `` where to now ? '' 
 the professor was studying the stack of papers and waved his cane toward the north , plainly irritated . 
 gray waited for more details , but got none . 
 elizabeth 's warning echoed in his head . 
 do n't press him ... giving up , gray pointed to the suv . 
 he had no time to argue . 
 they 'd been in one place too long already . 
 he wanted to keep moving , even if he did n't know exactly where . 
 if anyone had put a tracer on the university of mumbai 's web site , they could be zeroing in on them right now . 
 `` load up , '' gray ordered . 
 kowalski cupped his hands for the keys . 
 gray tossed them to rosauro instead . 
 kowalski glowered at him . 
 `` you are just plain evil . '' 
 5:06 p.m. elizabeth could wait no longer . 
 going against her own advice , she turned to dr. masterson . 
 `` hayden , enough of your games . 
 what did you mean when you said my father found those people ? '' 
 `` just what i said , my dear . '' 
 the professor sat in the center of the suv 's middle row , flanked by elizabeth and gray . 
 pen in hand , hayden had been sifting through the printouts for the past ten minutes . 
 rosauro glanced back at them from the driver 's seat . 
 kowalski sulked in the passenger seat with his arms stubbornly crossed . 
 luca stirred behind them and leaned forward to listen . 
 hayden explained , `` your father spent the past decade collecting and comparing dna samples from the most promising yogis and mystics of india . 
 he traveled far and wide , from north to south . 
 he collated reams of data , cross-referenced genetic code . 
 he ran a statistical model analyzing mental ability versus genetic variance . '' 
 `` he tested luca 's people , too , '' elizabeth said . 
 the gypsy made a noise of agreement . 
 `` because they rose from the punjab region , '' hayden said . 
 `` why is that important ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` let me show you . '' 
 the professor searched the stack for half a minute , then pulled out one sheet . 
 `` your father , elizabeth , was a true genius , vastly underappreciated by his peers . 
 he was able to pinpoint three genes that seemed to be common to those who showed the strongest traits . 
 like many scientific breakthroughs , such a discovery was equal parts brilliance and luck . 
 he came upon these genes when he noted that many of the most talented individuals seemed to show signs of autism in varying degrees . '' 
 `` autism ? '' 
 elizabeth asked . 
 `` why autism ? '' 
 `` because the debilitating mental condition , while compromising social functioning , can often produce some astounding savant abilities . '' 
 hayden patted her knee . 
 `` did you know that many of the key figures in history displayed autistic tendencies ? '' 
 elizabeth shook her head . 
 he ticked names off , using his fingers . 
 `` in the arts , that included michelangelo , jane austen , emily dickinson , along with beethoven and mozart . 
 in science , you have thomas edison , albert einstein , and isaac newton . 
 in politics , thomas jefferson . 
 even nostradamus was believed to be autistic to some degree . '' 
 `` nostradamus ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` the french astrologer ? '' 
 hayden nodded . 
 `` such individuals have changed history , improved mankind , moved us forward . 
 there 's a line archibald loved to quote . 
 from dr. temple grandin , a bestselling writer with autism . 
 ` if by some magic , autism had been eradicated from the face of the earth , then men would still be socializing in front of a wood fire at the entrance to a cave . ' 
 and i believe she was right . '' 
 `` and my father ? '' 
 `` most definitely . 
 your father came to believe that there was a direct connection between autism and his own studies into intuition and presentiment . '' 
 `` and he found this connection ? '' 
 gray said . 
 the professor sighed . 
 `` while we do n't know the exact cause for autism , most scientists agree that there are ten different genes that potentially contribute to the appearance of the condition . 
 so archibald ran these ten genes through his statistical model and discovered three of these genes were common among all those with high talent . 
 it was the breakthrough he had been looking for . 
 with these three genetic markers , he began to trace geographically the frequency of these markers in the general population . 
 he came up with a map . '' 
 the professor passed elizabeth the sheet of paper on his lap . 
 it was a map of india . 
 across the breadth of it were hundreds of small dots . 
 elizabeth studied it , then handed it to gray . 
 hayden explained , `` each dot represents an individual bearing the genetic marker . 
 but if you look closely , you 'll see how many dots appear around major cities , like delhi and mumbai . 
 which only makes sense , since there are many people living in those cities . '' 
 `` but what about up here ? '' 
 gray asked and pointed toward the north . 
 elizabeth knew what gray was asking about . 
 a large number of dots-more than anywhere else-clustered to the north , where no major city was marked . 
 `` exactly . 
 archibald wondered the same . '' 
 hayden took the map back and tapped the cluster to the north . 
 `` he concentrated the last three years of his life in that area . 
 he sought to discover why this dense cluster appears up there . '' 
 `` what 's there ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the punjab . '' 
 the answer came from behind elizabeth . 
 from luca hearn . 
 `` the original homeland of the romani . '' 
 `` indeed . 
 it is why archibald contacted the gypsy clans in europe and the united states . 
 he found it rather coincidental that such a rich history of prophecy and fortune-telling would arise from the same spot and spread to europe and beyond . 
 he sought to see if his genetic marker could be found among the gypsies . '' 
 `` was it ? '' 
 elizabeth posed the question to both hayden and luca . 
 hayden answered , `` yes , but not in the concentrations he was suspecting . 
 it disappointed your father . '' 
 luca made a noncommittal noise . 
 she turned to him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` there was a reason , '' luca said . 
 gray twisted around . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` it was why we hired dr. polk . '' 
 elizabeth remembered that the gypsy clan leader had never fully elaborated on the matter . 
 he 'd started to explain on the airplane , but they had been interrupted . 
 `` as i told you before , dr. polk sought to collect blood samples from our most gifted chovihanis . 
 not fakers , but real seers . 
 but there were few among us who still met this criteria . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because the heart of our people was stolen from us . '' 
 slowly and in a grim voice , luca continued , telling a tale of a deep secret among his clans , one that went back centuries . 
 the secret concerned one clan among all the others , one that was most cherished . 
 it was forbidden even to speak of them to gadje , to outsiders . 
 the clan was kept separate , hidden , protected by the other clans . 
 it was the true source of the gypsies ' heritage of prophecy . 
 on rare occasions , some of these chovihanis would move and live among the other clans , sharing their talents , taking husbands or wives . 
 but mostly they remained insular and apart . 
 then nearly fifty years ago , the clan was discovered . 
 every man and woman was slaughtered , butchered , and buried in a shallow , frozen grave . 
 luca 's words grew especially bitter . 
 `` only in that mass grave , there were no bones of any children . '' 
 elizabeth understood the impact . 
 `` someone took them . '' 
 `` we never discovered who ... but we never stopped looking . 
 we had hoped that dr. polk with his new way of tracking-by dna-might find a trail that had long gone cold . '' 
 `` was he successful ? '' 
 elizabeth asked . 
 luca shook his head . 
 `` not that he ever revealed . 
 he did send one odd query a few months ago . 
 he wanted to know more about our status as untouchables , the casteless of india . '' 
 elizabeth did n't know what that meant . 
 she glanced to hayden , but the professor shrugged . 
 still , she noted something in his expression , a narrowing of his eyes . 
 he knew something . 
 but instead of explaining , he marked a small x on the map with his pen . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 elizabeth asked , noting how it lay in the middle of the cluster of dots in the punjab region . 
 `` it 's where we must go next if we want answers . '' 
 `` and where 's that ? '' 
 gray pressed . 
 `` to the place where archibald vanished . '' 
 11 september 6 , 5:38 p.m. pripyat , ukraine nicolas crossed through the ghost town 's amusement park . 
 old yellow bumper cars sat in pools of stagnant green water , amid waist-high weeds . 
 the roof of the ride had long since collapsed , leaving a frame of red corrosion arched over it . 
 ahead , the park 's giant ferris wheel-the big dipper-rose into the late-afternoon sky , limned against the low sun . 
 its yellow umbrella chairs hung idle from the rusted skeleton . 
 a symbol and monument to the ruin left behind in the wake of chernobyl . 
 nicolas continued on . 
 the park had been built in anticipation of the celebrations of may day back in 1986 . 
 instead , a week prior to the celebration , the city of pripyat , home to forty-eight thousand workers and their families , was killed , smothered under a veil of radiation . 
 the city , built in the 1970s , had been a shining example of soviet architecture and urban living : the energetic theater , the palatial polissia hotel , a state-of-the-art hospital , scores of schools . 
 the theater lay now in ruins . 
 the hotel had birch trees growing out of its roof . 
 the schools had become crumbled shells , piled with moldy textbooks , old dolls , and wooden toy blocks . 
 in one room , nicolas had seen piles of discarded gas masks , lying in limp heaps like the scalped faces of the dead . 
 the once vibrant city had been reduced to broken windows , collapsed walls , old bed frames , and peeling paint . 
 weeds and trees grew wild everywhere , cracking apart what man had built . 
 now only tours came here , four hundred dollars a head to explore the haunted place . 
 and the cause of it all ... nicolas shaded his eyes and stared . 
 he could just make out on the horizon a hazy bump , two miles off . 
 the chernobyl power plant . 
 the explosion of reactor number four had cast a plume that wrapped the world . 
 yet here , the evacuation order was delayed for thirty hours . 
 the forest around the city turned red with radioactive dust . 
 townspeople swept their porches and balconies to keep them clean while plutonium fires burned two miles away . 
 nicolas shook his head , mostly because he knew a news crew followed him , rolling b-roll footage for the evening news . 
 nicolas strode through the amusement park . 
 he had been warned to stay on the fresh asphalt strip that crossed the ruins of the abandoned town . 
 the radiation levels spiked higher if you tread out into the mossy stretches of the urban wasteland . 
 the worst zones were marked off with triangular yellow signs . 
 the new asphalt path had been laid to accommodate the flood of dignitaries , officials , and newspeople that were descending on chernobyl in anticipation of the installation of the new steel sarcophagus over its decaying concrete shell . 
 by this evening , the showplace polissia hotel would return to a tarnished bit of its former glory . 
 the hotel 's ballroom had been hastily renovated , cleared , and cleaned to host a formal black-tie party tonight . 
 even the birch trees growing out of the roof had been cut down for the event . 
 nothing but the best for their international guests . 
 there would be representatives from almost every nation , even a handful of stars from hollywood . 
 pripyat would shine for this one night , a bright gala in the center of a radiological ruin . 
 both the russian president and prime minister would be in attendance , along with many members from the upper and lower house of federal assembly . 
 many were already here , making halfhearted assertions of change and reform , attempting to churn political currency from this momentous event . 
 but no one had been more vocal and vehement for a true change than senator nicolas solokov . 
 and after this morning 's assassination attempt , he had the spotlight shining him full in the face . 
 as the cameras taped him , nicolas stepped off the asphalt walkway and crossed to a neighboring wall . 
 upon its surface had been painted a stark black shadow of a pair of children playing with a toy truck . 
 it was said a mad frenchman had spent months in pripyat . 
 his shadow art could be found throughout the city , haunting and disturbing , representing the ghosts of the lost children . 
 his own personal shadow , elena , remained upon the asphalt walk . 
 she had already chosen this particular piece of art to be the most poignant . 
 earlier she had scouted the zone with a dosimeter to make sure the radiation levels were safe . 
 it was all about showmanship this evening . 
 nicolas leaned a hand on the wall . 
 he traced the children 's form with a finger . 
 he pressed the back of his wrist to one eye . 
 elena had already dabbed the sleeve of his suit jacket with drops of ammonia . 
 the sting drew the required tears . 
 he turned to the cameras , his fingers still on the cheek of the shadow child . 
 `` this is why we must change , '' he said and waved his hand to encompass the city . 
 `` how can anyone look across this blasted landscape and not know that our great country must move into a new era ? 
 we must put all this behind us-yet never forget . '' 
 he wiped his cheek and hardened his countenance-a few tears were fine , but he did not want to appear weak . 
 his voice growled toward the microphones . 
 `` look at this city ! 
 what man has ruined , nature consumes . 
 some have called this place chernobyl 's garden of eden . 
 is it not a handsome forest that has taken over the city ? 
 birds sing . 
 deer roam in great abundance . 
 but know that the wolves have also returned . '' 
 he stared toward the darkening horizon . 
 `` do not be fooled by the beauty here . 
 it still remains a radioactive garden . 
 we all crossed through the two military checkpoints to enter the thirty-kilometer-wide chernobyl exclusion zone . 
 we all passed the two thousand vehicles used to put out chernobyl 's radioactive blaze . 
 firetrucks , aircraft , ambulances , still too hot to get near . 
 we all wear our dosimeter badges . 
 so do not be deceived . 
 nature has returned , but it will suffer for generations . 
 what appears healthy and vital is not . 
 this is not rebirth . 
 only false hope . 
 for a true rebirth , we must look in new directions , toward new goals , toward a new renaissance . '' 
 he turned again to the shadowy children . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` how could we not ? '' 
 he finished sadly . 
 someone along the roadway clapped . 
 faced away from the camera , nicolas smiled . 
 as camera flashes captured his thoughtful and resolute pose , his own shadow consumed the children 's shapes . 
 after a long moment , he turned away and went back to the asphalt walkway . 
 he marched back toward the hotel . 
 elena trailed him . 
 rounding a turn , he saw a commotion at the front of the polissia hotel . 
 a stretch black limousine pulled to the entrance of the hotel , surrounded by a sleek fleet of bulletproof sedans . 
 men in dark suits piled out , forming a thick cordon . 
 the arriving dignitary climbed from the limousine , an arm raised in greeting . 
 camera and video lights spotlighted the figure , outlining the newcomer 's profile . 
 there was no mistaking that silhouette . 
 the president of the united states . 
 here to support a vital nuclear pact between russia and the united states . 
 the major reason pripyat had been cleaned up and sanitized was so it could host such dignitaries . 
 not wanting to be upstaged , nicolas waited for the entire party to vanish into the hotel 's lobby . 
 once the way was clear , he headed out again . 
 everything was in place . 
 he glanced to the chernobyl plant as the sun sank toward twilight . 
 by this time tomorrow , a new world would be born . 
 5:49 p.m. southern ural mountains monk stood on a ridge and stared out across the low mountains . 
 with the sun sinking , the valley below lay in deep shadows . 
 `` we have to cross that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` there 's no other way around ? '' 
 konstantin folded the map . 
 `` not without going hundreds of miles to circle it , which would take many days . 
 the mine we must reach on the far side of lake karachay lies only twelve miles away if we cross here . '' 
 monk stared down at the swampy valley . 
 the river they 'd floated down dumped over this last ridge and fed into the wide valley below . 
 many other creeks and streams did the same . 
 in the slanted sunlight , waterfalls and cataracts shone like flows of quicksilver . 
 but shadowed by the low mountains , the valley floor was all drowned forests and wide stretches of open black marshes rimmed by reeds and grasses . 
 it would be difficult to cross , and once it got dark , it would be easy to get lost . 
 he sighed heavily . 
 they had no choice but to cross the swamplands . 
 he turned to where kiska and pyotr sat on a log . 
 the kids still looked like a pair of half-drowned kittens . 
 they had ridden the river for a quarter mile until the chill drove them to shore . 
 monk had them exit on the opposite side of the river from the hunting cats . 
 the water should break their trail , and the river only grew wider the farther down the mountains it flowed . 
 the tigers would have to brave a stiff river crossing to pick up their scent . 
 and for the past two hours , pyotr had remained silent , plainly worried about marta . 
 but at least the boy showed no panic , no sign he sensed the tigers nearby . 
 once out of the water , monk had everyone remove their clothes , twist them as dry as possible , and redress . 
 the two-hour hike during the warmest part of the day had helped dry most of their clothes . 
 but now they would get wet again , and the sun was setting . 
 it would be a cold night . 
 but konstantin was right . 
 they had to keep moving for now . 
 it was not safe to remain on solid ground with two tigers stalking these highland forests . 
 the swamp would at least offer some shelter . 
 monk picked a path down the steep ridge . 
 he helped pyotr , while konstantin held his sister 's hand . 
 the two youngest children were fading fast . 
 as a group , they sank out of the warmer sunlight and into the chillier shadows . 
 trees grew heavier here , mostly pines and birches . 
 but along the maze of creeks that flowed into the bog , willows draped with sullen shoulders , the tips of their branches sweeping the waters . 
 monk headed out , forcing a path . 
 the underbrush was a tangled mix of juniper bushes and berries . 
 but the way grew clearer as the ground grew muddier . 
 soon they were stepping from moss clump to moss clump , which was not difficult , considering how well the mosses flourished here . 
 the fuzzy green carpet covered rocky outcroppings and climbed up the white trunks of birches , as if trying to drag them beneath the earth . 
 their pace began to slow , literally bogged down as the patches of stagnant water rose around them . 
 a piercing call drew monk 's eyes up . 
 an eagle swept past with wings as wide as monk 's outstretched arms . 
 hunting . 
 it reminded monk of the dangers behind them . 
 he increased their pace . 
 for once , the small children seemed better suited for the terrain . 
 their lighter bodies floated over the sucking mud , whereas monk had to watch each step or lose a boot . 
 for the next hour , they moved sluggishly , traversing less than a mile by monk 's calculation . 
 he spotted snakes that slithered from their path and caught a flashing glimpse of a fox as it hopped from hillock to hillock and vanished . 
 monk 's ears strained for every noise . 
 he heard things lumbering through the swamps . 
 a heavy set of antlers marked the passage of a massive elk . 
 before they knew it , they were ankle-deep in water , moving in a zigzagging pattern from island to island . 
 the cold air smelled dank with algae and mold . 
 insects buzzed with a continual white noise . 
 the passage grew darker as the sun continued to fall behind the mountains . 
 monk 's steps slipped to a plodding pace . 
 konstantin moved alongside monk 's flank . 
 he still held kiska 's hand . 
 the girl was nearly asleep on her feet . 
 pyotr stuck close to monk 's hip . 
 monk had to hike the boy onto his shoulders whenever they crossed through deeper water . 
 pyotr suddenly grabbed monk 's hand , clamping hard . 
 something crashed through the trees , coming right at them . 
 oh , no ... monk yelled , knowing what was coming . 
 `` go ! 
 run ! '' 
 monk snatched up the boy , who struggled and cried out . 
 konstantin splashed away , his knees high , dragging his sister behind him . 
 monk 's left foot sank to his calf . 
 he tugged , but he could not free his limb . 
 it was as if it had sunk into cement . 
 the rip and snap of branches aimed for them . 
 monk tossed pyotr ahead of him and twisted around to face the charge . 
 he heard the boy splash into the water . 
 but instead of running away , pyotr scrabbled back to monk . 
 `` no ! 
 pyotr , go ! '' 
 the boy continued past him as a large shadow leaped out of the trees and landed heavily into the water with a splash . 
 boy and shadow fell upon each other in a warm greeting . 
 marta . 
 monk fought the hammering in his heart . 
 `` pyotr , next time ... some warning . '' 
 he wormed his foot slowly out of the muck . 
 the chimpanzee hugged the boy and lifted him bodily out of the shallow water . 
 konstantin and kiska splashed back to them . 
 marta let pyotr go and gave each child a tight squeeze . 
 she came next to monk , arms up and wide . 
 he bent down and accepted a hug from her , too . 
 her body was hot , her breath huffing in his ear . 
 he felt the tremble of exhaustion in her old body . 
 he returned the hug , knowing how hard she must have fought to rejoin them . 
 as monk straightened , he wondered how marta had found them . 
 he did understand how she had overtaken them . 
 while they had slogged through mud and water , she had swept through the bog 's trees , closing the distance . 
 but still , how had she tracked them ? 
 monk stared back into the dark fen . 
 if she could follow them ... `` let 's keep moving , '' he said and waved toward the heart of the swamps . 
 together again , they traversed the swamplands . 
 the reappearance of marta invigorated the children , but the weight of the bog soon had them all heaving and struggling again . 
 konstantin drifted farther ahead . 
 pyotr hovered next to monk , while marta kept mostly to the trees , swinging low , her toes skimming the waters . 
 slowly , the sun vanished behind the mountains , leaving them in dark twilight . 
 monk could barely make out konstantin . 
 off to the left , an owl hooted in a long hollow note as full night threatened . 
 konstantin called softly back to them out of a denser copse of willows , sounding urgent . 
 `` an izba ! '' 
 monk did n't know what he meant , but it did n't sound good . 
 hauling after the boy , monk found the water growing less deep . 
 he pushed through a drape of willow branches and saw that one of the ubiquitous tiny islands rose ahead . 
 but it was n't empty . 
 atop the low hillock squatted a tiny cabin on short pylons . 
 it was constructed of rough-hewn logs and topped by a moss-covered roof . 
 the single window was dark . 
 there was no sign of life . 
 no smoke from the chimney . 
 konstantin waited at the edge of the island among some tall reeds . 
 monk joined him . 
 the tall boy pointed . 
 `` a hunter 's berth . 
 cabins like this are all over the mountains . '' 
 `` i 'll check it out , '' monk said . 
 `` stay here . '' 
 he climbed up onto the island and circled the cabin . 
 it was small , with a chimney of stacked stone . 
 grasses grew as high as his waist . 
 it did n't look as if anyone had been here in ages . 
 there was a single window , shuttered closed from the inside . 
 monk spotted a short pier , empty of any boats . 
 but a flat-bottomed punt-a raft with a pointed prow-had been pulled into some neighboring reeds . 
 moss covered half the raft , but hopefully it was still serviceable . 
 monk returned to the front of the cabin . 
 he tried the door . 
 it was unlocked , but the boards had warped , and it took some effort to tug it open with a creaking pop from its rusted hinges . 
 the interior was dark and smelled musty . 
 but at least it was dry . 
 the log cabin had only one room . 
 the floor was pine with a scatter of hay over most of it . 
 the only furniture was a small table with four chairs . 
 crude cabinets lined one whole wall , but there was no kitchen . 
 it appeared that all the cooking was done at the fireplace , where some cast-iron pans and pots were stacked . 
 monk noted a stack of dry wood . 
 good enough . 
 monk stepped to the door and waved for the kids to come inside . 
 he hated to stop , but they all needed to rest for a bit . 
 with the window shuttered , monk could risk a small fire . 
 it would be good to dry out their clothes and boots , have a warm place for the coldest part of the night . 
 once rested and dry , they could set out before dawn , hopefully using that raft . 
 konstantin helped him get a fire started while the two children sat on the floor , leaning on marta . 
 the older boy found matches in a waxen box , and the old dry wood took to flame with just a touch of kindling . 
 a fire stoked quickly , snapping and popping . 
 smoke vanished up the chimney 's flue . 
 as monk added another log , konstantin searched the cabinets . 
 he discovered fishing tackle , a rusted lantern with a little sloshing kerosene , a single heavy bowie-style knife , and a half-empty box of shotgun shells . 
 but no gun . 
 in a closet , he found a few curled , yellow magazines sporting naked women , which monk confiscated and found a good use for as kindling . 
 but on the top shelf , four heavy faded quilts had been folded and stacked . 
 as konstantin handed out the quilts , he pointed to monk 's discarded pack . 
 monk glanced over . 
 the boy indicated his radiation monitor . 
 no longer white , it now had a pink hue to it . 
 `` radiation , '' monk mumbled . 
 konstantin nodded . 
 `` the processing plant that poisoned lake karachay . '' 
 he waved toward the northeast . 
 `` it also slowly leaked down into the ground . '' 
 contaminating the groundwater , monk realized . 
 and where did all the runoff from the local mountains end up ? 
 monk stared toward the shuttered window , picturing the bog outside . 
 he shook his head . 
 and he thought all he had to worry about was man-eating tigers . 
 7:04 p.m. pyotr sat naked , huddled in a thick quilt before the fire . 
 their shoes were lined up on the hearth , and their clothes hung out to dry on fishing line . 
 the line was so thin it was as if his pants and shirt were floating in the air . 
 he enjoyed the flickering flames as they danced and crackled , but he did n't like the smoke . 
 it swirled up into the chimney as if it were something alive , born out of the fire . 
 he shivered and shifted on his backside closer to the bright flames . 
 the matron at the school used to tell them stories of the witch baba yaga , how she lived in a dark forest in a log cabin that moved around on chicken legs and would hunt down children to eat . 
 pyotr pictured the stilts he 'd seen outside that held up their cabin . 
 what if this was the witch 's cabin , hiding its claws deep beneath the ground ? 
 he eyed the smoke more suspiciously . 
 and did n't the witch have invisible servants to help her ? 
 he searched around for them . 
 he did n't see anything move on its own . 
 but then again , the flames danced shadows everywhere , so it was hard to tell . 
 he moved closer again to the warmth of the flames . 
 still , he kept his eyes on the swirling curls of smoke . 
 he rocked slightly in place to reassure himself . 
 marta came up and slid next to him , curling around him . 
 he leaned into her . 
 a strong arm pulled him even closer . 
 do not fear . 
 but he did fear . 
 he felt it itching over the inside of his skull like a thousand spiders . 
 he watched the smoke , knowing that was where the danger truly lay as it swept up the chimney , possibly warning baba yaga that there were children in her house . 
 pyotr 's heart thudded faster . 
 the witch was coming . 
 he knew it . 
 his eyes widened upon the smoke . 
 he searched for the danger . 
 marta hoo-hoo-ed in his ear , reassuring him , but it did no good . 
 the witch was coming to eat them . 
 they were in danger . 
 children in danger . 
 the fire popped , scaring him into a small jump . 
 then he knew . 
 not children . 
 but child . 
 and not them . 
 but another . 
 pyotr stared hard at the smoke , pushing through the darkness to the truth . 
 as the smoke curled to the sky , he saw who was in danger . 
 it was his sister . 
 sasha . 
 11:07 a.m. washington , d.c. `` d.i.c. , '' lisa explained at the bedside of the girl . 
 kat struggled to understand . 
 she stood with her arms tight to her belly as she stared down at the tiny slip of a girl , so thin-limbed in her hospital gown , lost amid the sheets and pillows of the railed bed . 
 wires trailed from under her sheets to a bank of equipment against one wall , monitoring blood pressure and heart rate . 
 an intravenous line dripped a slurry of saline and medicines . 
 still , over the past hours , her pale skin had grown more ashen , her lips a hint of blue . 
 `` disseminated intravascular coagulation , '' lisa translated , though she might as well have been speaking latin . 
 monk , with his medical training , would have known what she was talking about . 
 kat shook this last thought out of her head , still rebounding from seeing the child 's picture . 
 she had plainly drawn it for kat . 
 they had formed a bond . 
 kat had seen it in the child 's eyes when she read to her . 
 mostly the girl 's manner was flat and affected , but occasionally she would turn those small eyes up at kat . 
 something shone there , a mix of trust and almost recognition . 
 it had melted kat 's heart . 
 with a new baby herself , she knew her maternal instincts and hormones were running strong , her emotions raw with the recent loss of her husband . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 painter asked lisa . 
 he stood on the opposite side of the bed beside lisa . 
 he had just returned after taking a call from gray in india . 
 his team had been attacked and was now headed to the northern regions . 
 painter was already investigating who had orchestrated the ambush-the assassination attempt on the professor could not have been coincidence , someone knew gray had been flying out there . 
 despite needing to follow up on the mystery , the director had taken time to come down here to listen to lisa 's report . 
 dr. cummings had finished a slew of blood tests . 
 before painter 's question could be answered , dr. sean mcknight entered the room . 
 he had taken off his suit coat and tie . 
 he had his sleeves rolled to the elbow . 
 he had gone to make some calls following gray 's debriefing . 
 painter turned to him , an eyebrow raised in question , but sean just waved for lisa to continue . 
 he sank into a bedside chair . 
 he had kept a vigil there for the past hour . 
 even now he rested a hand on the bedsheet . 
 kat and sean had talked for a long while . 
 he had two grandchildren . 
 lisa cleared her throat . 
 `` d.i.c. is a pathological process where the body 's blood begins to form tiny clots throughout all systems . 
 it depletes the body 's clotting factors and leads contrarily to internal bleeding . 
 the causes are varied , but the condition arises usually secondary to a primary illness . 
 snake bites , cancers , major burns , shock . 
 but one of the most common reasons is meningitis . 
 usually a septic inflammation of the brain . 
 which considering the fever and ... '' lisa waved to the device attached to the side of the child 's skull . 
 her lips thinned with worry . 
 `` all tests confirm the diagnosis . 
 decreased platelets , elevated fdps , prolonged bleeding times . 
 i 'm certain of the diagnosis . 
 i have her on platelets , and i 'm transfusing her with antithrombin and drotrecogin alfa . 
 it should help stabilize her for the moment , but the ultimate cure is to treat the primary disease that triggered the d.i.c. and that remains unknown . 
 she 's not septic . 
 her blood and csf cultures are all negative . 
 might be viral , but i 'm thinking something else is going on , something we 're in the dark about , something tied to the implant . '' 
 kat took a deep , shuddering breath . 
 `` and without knowing that ... '' lisa crossed her own arms to match kat 's pose . 
 `` she 's failing . 
 i 've slowed her decline , but we must know more . 
 the initials-d.i.c.-have another connotation among medical professionals . 
 they stand for death is coming . '' 
 kat turned to painter . 
 `` we must do something . '' 
 he nodded and glanced to sean . 
 `` we have no choice . 
 we need answers . 
 maybe with time we could discern the pathology here , but there are certain individuals who know more , who are current with this biotechnology and know specifically what was done to this girl . '' 
 sean sighed . 
 `` we 'll have to tread carefully . '' 
 kat sensed a discussion had already occurred between sean and painter . 
 `` what are you planning ? '' 
 `` if we 're going to save this child '' - painter stared at the fragile girl - `` we 're going to have to get in bed with the enemy . '' 
 11:38 p.m. trent mcbride strode down the long deserted hallway . 
 this section of walter reed was due for renovation . 
 hospital rooms to either side were in shambles , walls moldy , plaster cracked , but his goal was the mental ward lockdown in back . 
 here the walls were cement block , the windows barred , the doors steel with tiny grated cutouts . 
 trent crossed to the last cell . 
 a guard stood outside the door . 
 they were n't taking any chances . 
 the guard stepped to the side and offered a jangling set of keys to trent . 
 he took them and checked through the small window in the door . 
 yuri lay sprawled fully dressed in the bed . 
 trent unlocked the door , and yuri sat up . 
 for an old man , he was wiry and spry , plainly he had been juicing up on a strong cocktail of androgens and other anti-aging hormones . 
 how those russians loved their performance-enhancing drugs . 
 he swung the door wide . 
 `` time to go to work , yuri . '' 
 the man stood up , his eyes flashing . 
 `` sasha ? '' 
 `` we shall see . '' 
 yuri crossed to the door . 
 trent did n't like the resolute cast to the man 's expression and grew suddenly suspicious . 
 rather than beaten , yuri had an edge of steel to him , like a sword 's blade pounded and folded to a finer edge . 
 maybe all the old man 's strength did n't just come from injections into his ass cheeks . 
 but resolute or not , yuri was under his thumb . 
 still , trent waved for the guard to follow with his sidearm . 
 trent had planned to walk yuri back himself . 
 well over six feet and twice the man 's weight , trent had n't been worried about needing an escort . 
 but he did not trust the cast to yuri 's eye . 
 they headed out . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 yuri asked . 
 to put a final nail in archibald polk 's coffin , he answered silently . 
 trent had orchestrated the death of his old friend , but now he was planning on putting an end to one of archibald 's shining successes , his brainchild , a secret organization that the man had dreamed up while serving the jasons . 
 a team of killer scientists . 
 basically jasons with guns . 
 but after murdering the professor , trent must now destroy the man 's brainchild . 
 for his own work to continue , sigma must die . 
 12 september 6 , 7:36 p.m. punjab , india as the sun sank into the horizon , gray admitted that rosauro 's choice of vehicle proved to be a wise decision . 
 in the passenger seat , he kept a palm pressed to the roof to keep him in his seat as their suv bumped along a deeply rutted muddy road . 
 they 'd left the last significant town an hour ago and trekked through the rural back hills . 
 dairy farms , sugarcane fields , and mango orchards divided the rolling landscape into a patchwork . 
 masterson had explained that punjab was india 's abundant breadbasket , the granary of india , as he described it , producing a majority of its wheat , millet , and rice . 
 `` and someone has to work all these fields , '' masterson had said as he gave them directions from the backseat . 
 kowalski and elizabeth shared the row with him . 
 behind them , luca sat in the rear , polishing his daggers . 
 `` take that next left track , '' masterson ordered . 
 rosauro hauled on the wheel , and the suv splashed through a watery ditch , almost a creek . 
 small downpours had dumped on them throughout the trip up here . 
 punjab was persian for `` land of five rivers , '' which was one of the reasons it was india 's major agricultural state . 
 gray checked the twilight skies as night approached . 
 clouds rolled low . 
 they 'd have more rain before the night was over . 
 `` up ahead , '' masterson said . 
 `` over that next hill . '' 
 the vehicle slogged up the slope , churning mud . 
 at the top of the rise , a small bowl-shaped valley opened , ringed by hills . 
 a dark village lay at the bottom , a densely packed mix of stone homes and mud huts with palm-thatch roofs . 
 a couple of fires glowed at the edge of the town , stirred by a few men standing around with long poles . 
 burning garbage . 
 a bullock cart stood beside one fire , stacked high with refuse . 
 the single horned bull stirred at the approach of their vehicle down the hill . 
 `` the other side of india , '' masterson said . 
 `` over three-quarters of india 's population still live in rural areas . 
 but here we have those who live at the bottom of the caste system . 
 the harijan , as gandhi renamed them , which means ` people of god , ' but they are mostly still derided as dalit or achuta , which roughly translates as untouchable . '' 
 gray noted luca had sheathed his daggers and turned a more attentive ear . 
 untouchables . 
 these could be the same roots as his clans . 
 lit by flames , the village men gathered with scythes and poles , wary of the approaching strangers . 
 `` who are these people ? '' 
 gray asked , wanting to know more about whom they faced . 
 `` to answer that , '' masterson said , `` you have to understand india 's caste system . 
 legends have that all the major varnas-or classes of people-arose from one godlike being . 
 the branmans , which include priests and teachers , arose out of the mouth of this being . 
 rulers and soldiers from its arms . 
 merchants and traders from its thighs . 
 the feet gave rise to laborers . 
 each has its own pecking order , much of it laid out in a two-thousand-year-old collection known as the laws of manu , which details what you can and ca n't do . '' 
 `` and these untouchables ? '' 
 gray asked , keeping an eye on the gathering men and boys . 
 `` the fifth varna is said not to have risen from this great being at all . 
 they were outcasts , considered too polluted and impure to mix with regular people . 
 people who handled animal skins , blood , excrement , even the bodies of the dead . 
 they were shunned from higher-caste homes and temples , not allowed to eat with the same utensils . 
 not even their shadows were allowed to touch a higher caste 's body . 
 and if you should break any of these rules , you could be beaten , raped , murdered . '' 
 elizabeth leaned forward . 
 `` and no one stops this from happening ? '' 
 masterson snorted . 
 `` the indian constitution outlaws such discrimination , but it still continues , especially in rural areas . 
 fifteen percent of the population still falls into the classification of untouchable . 
 there is no escape . 
 a child born from an achuta is forever an achuta . 
 they remain victims of millennia-old religious laws , laws that permanently cast them as subhuman . 
 and let 's be honest . 
 like i said before , someone has to work all these fields . '' 
 gray pictured the vast rolling farmlands and orchards . 
 masterson continued , `` the untouchables are a built-in slave class . 
 so while there is some progress made on their behalf , mostly in the cities , the rural areas still need workers-and the caste system serves them well . 
 villages such as this one have been burned or destroyed because they dared to ask for better wages or working conditions . 
 hence the suspicion here now . '' 
 he nodded to the welcoming party carrying farm instruments . 
 `` dear god , '' elizabeth said . 
 `` god has nothing to do with this , '' masterson said sourly . 
 `` it 's all about economy . 
 your father was a strong advocate for these people . 
 lately he was having more and more trouble gaining the cooperation of yogis and brahman mystics . '' 
 `` because of his association with untouchables ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that ... and the fact that he was looking for the source of the genetic marker among the untouchable peoples . 
 when word spread of that , many doors were slammed in his face . 
 so much for higher enlightenment . 
 in fact , after he disappeared , i was convinced he 'd been murdered for that very reason . '' 
 gray waved rosauro to stop at the edge of the glow from the burning garbage fires . 
 `` and this village ? 
 this is where dr. polk was last seen ? '' 
 masterson nodded . 
 `` the last i heard from archibald was an excited phone call . 
 he 'd made some discovery and was anxious to share it-then i never heard from him again . 
 but he sometimes did that-would vanish for months at a time into the remote rural areas , going from village to village . 
 places that still have no name and are shunned by those of higher castes . 
 but after a while , i began to fear the worst . '' 
 `` and what of these people ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` do we have anything to fear from them ? '' 
 `` on the contrary . '' 
 masterson opened his car door and used his cane to push to his feet . 
 gray followed him . 
 other doors opened , and everyone exited . 
 `` stay near the truck , '' he warned them . 
 masterson traipsed toward the fire with gray in tow . 
 the professor called out in hindi . 
 gray understood a few phrases and words from his own studies of indian religion and philosophy , but not enough to follow what the man was saying . 
 he seemed to be asking for someone , searching faces . 
 the men remained a solid wall , bristling with weapons . 
 the ox lowed its own complaint beside the wagon , as if sensing the tension . 
 finally masterson stood between the two smoking pyres . 
 the air reeked , smelling of fried liver and burning tires . 
 gray forced himself not to cover his mouth . 
 masterson waved back to the truck and continued to speak . 
 gray heard archibald polk 's name followed by the hindi word betee . 
 daughter . 
 all the men turned their gazes toward elizabeth . 
 weapons were lowered . 
 chatter spread among them . 
 arms pointed at her . 
 the wall of men parted in welcome . 
 a pair of the boys , their voices raised in a happy shout , ran back down a narrow alleyway between two stone houses . 
 masterson turned to gray . 
 `` the achuta in this area hold archibald in high esteem . 
 i had no doubt the presence of the respected man 's daughter would be met with hospitality . 
 we have nothing to fear from these people . '' 
 `` except for dysentery , '' kowalski said as he reached them with the others . 
 elizabeth elbowed him in the ribs . 
 gray led them into the village , sensing they had more to worry about than just upset bowels . 
 8:02 p.m. elizabeth crossed between the two fires . 
 beyond their glow , the village roused . 
 someone started to clank loudly on a makeshift drum . 
 a woman appeared , her face half covered in a sari . 
 she motioned them toward the village center . 
 as she turned , elizabeth caught a glimpse of scarred , sagging flesh , hidden under the thin veil . 
 masterson noted elizabeth 's attention . 
 she leaned toward him . 
 `` what happened to her ? '' 
 the professor answered softly and nodded to the woman . 
 `` your father mentioned her . 
 her son was caught fishing in a pond of a higher-caste village . 
 she went to scold him off , but they were caught . 
 the villagers beat the child and poured acid on the woman 's face . 
 she lost an eye and half her face . '' 
 elizabeth 's body went cold . 
 `` how awful . '' 
 `` and she considers herself lucky . 
 because they did n't rape her , too . '' 
 shocked , elizabeth followed the woman , galled by such an atrocity , but at the same time , awed by her strength to survive and persevere . 
 the woman led them along a maze of crooked alleys to the village center . 
 another fire blazed there . 
 people gathered at a few wooden tables around a well pump . 
 women swept the tables free of leaves or carried out food . 
 young children ran all around , barefoot , mostly shirtless . 
 as elizabeth passed , several men bowed their heads , sometimes even at the waist as she walked . 
 plainly in respect for her father . 
 she had never known much about what he 'd been doing out here . 
 masterson motioned with his cane toward the men . 
 `` archibald did much good for the local villages . 
 he exposed and disbanded a militia that terrorized these parts , even got better wages for the villagers , better medical care and education . 
 but more important , he respected them . '' 
 `` i did n't know , '' she mumbled . 
 `` he won their trust . 
 and it was in these hills that he concentrated his genetic testing . '' 
 `` why here ? '' 
 gray asked on the professor 's other side . 
 `` because just as archibald devised that map i showed you , he also did a more detailed schematic of the punjab region . 
 a trail of genetic evidence pointed to these hills , but i think it was something more . '' 
 elizabeth frowned . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 his interest in the region spiked about two years ago . 
 he stopped testing broadly across india and began concentrating here . '' 
 the professor glanced back to luca . 
 `` and with the gypsies . '' 
 elizabeth thought back two years . 
 she had been finishing her phd program at georgetown . 
 she 'd had little contact with her father during that time . 
 nor patience . 
 their occasional phone conversations were usually short and terse . 
 if she had known what he was doing beyond his own field of study , maybe things could have been different . 
 reaching the heart of the village , they were greeted with smiles and urged to come to the table . 
 food was already piling high-roti flatbread , rice dishes , steamed vegetables , small plums and fat dates , bowls of buttermilk-simple but heartfelt fare . 
 a woman on her knees stirred a lentil stew on a horseshoe-shaped oven . 
 her daughter carried a bucket of cow dung to feed the flames beneath . 
 kowalski joined elizabeth , stepping close . 
 `` not exactly burger king . '' 
 `` maybe because they worship cows . '' 
 `` hey , i worship them , too . 
 especially grilled rare with a nice baked potato . '' 
 she smiled . 
 how did that infernal man always get her to smile ? 
 she was suddenly too conscious of how close he stood and stepped away . 
 off to the side , one of the villagers began plucking the strings of a sitar , accompanied by a man with a harmonica and another with a tabla drum . 
 a tall newcomer stepped up to them all . 
 he appeared to be in his midthirties , his hair cropped short , olive skinned . 
 he was dressed in a traditional dhoti kurta , a spotless wrap of rectangular cloth that hung from waist to ankle , along with a tunic buttoned over a long-sleeved shirt . 
 atop his head , he wore an embroidered knitted cap called a kufi . 
 he bowed deeply and spoke in english with a crisp british accent . 
 `` i am abhi bhanjee , but i would be honored if you would call me abe . 
 we indians have a saying : at ithi devo bhava . 
 it means ` our guests are like gods . ' 
 and none more so than the daughter of professor archibald polk , a dear friend of mine . '' 
 he waved them to the table . 
 `` please join us . '' 
 they obeyed , but it did not take long for his smile to dim as the man learned about her father . 
 `` i had not heard , '' he said softly , his face a mask of pain . 
 `` it is a loss most tragic and sad . 
 my condolences , miss polk . '' 
 she bowed her head in acknowledgment . 
 `` he was last seen here at your village , '' gray added and nodded to masterson . 
 `` he called the professor , said he was coming here . '' 
 masterson cleared his throat . 
 `` we hoped you might be able to cast a light on where archibald went . '' 
 `` i knew he should not have gone alone , '' the man said with a shake of his head . 
 `` but he would not wait . '' 
 `` go where ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` it was wrong to take him there to begin with . 
 it is a cursed place . '' 
 elizabeth reached and touched the man 's hand with her fingertips . 
 `` if you know something ... anything ... '' he swallowed visibly and reached to a pocket inside his tunic . 
 he slipped out a tiny cloth bag that clinked . 
 `` it all started when i showed your father these . '' 
 he fingered the bag open and upended the contents onto the table . 
 `` we find them occasionally when we till the fields of these lands . '' 
 old tarnished coins , nearly black with age , rattled and danced . 
 one rolled to elizabeth . 
 she stopped it with her palm , then picked it up . 
 she examined the surface , rubbing some of the grime with her thumb-until she realized what she was holding . 
 upon the surface , abraded but still distinct , was the face of a woman , her cheeks framed by a tangle of small snakes . 
 it was the gorgon named medusa . 
 elizabeth knew what she was holding . 
 `` an ancient greek coin , '' she said with surprise . 
 `` you found these in your fields ? '' 
 abe nodded . 
 `` amazing . '' 
 elizabeth turned the coin toward the firelight . 
 `` greeks did rule the punjab for a while . 
 along with persians , arabs , mughals , afghans . 
 alexander the great even fought a great battle in this region . '' 
 gray picked up another coin . 
 his expression darkened . 
 he held out the coin toward her . 
 `` you 'd better look at this , elizabeth . '' 
 she took it and studied it . 
 her fingers began to tremble . 
 upon its surface , a greek temple had been minted . 
 and not just any temple . 
 she stared at the three pillars that framed a dark doorway . 
 prominent in that threshold stood a large letter e. `` it 's the temple of delphi , '' she gasped out . 
 `` it looks like the same coin your father stole from the museum . '' 
 she struggled to understand , but she could not think . 
 it was as if someone had short-circuited her brain . 
 `` when ... when did you first show my father these coins ? '' 
 abe frowned . 
 `` i 'm not certain . 
 about two years ago . 
 he told me to keep them safe and hidden , but since he is dead and you are his daughter ... '' she barely heard him . 
 two years ago . 
 the same time her father had arranged for her to work at the delphi museum . 
 she sensed she was holding the coin that had bought her the museum position . 
 too busy here himself , her father must have wanted her to follow up on this mystery . 
 a spark of anger fired through her , but she was also too aware of the villagers around her and how they 'd been treated . 
 maybe her father could n't leave , could n't abandon them . 
 still , he could have told her something . 
 unless ... maybe he was protecting her ? 
 she shook her head , filled with questions . 
 what was going on here ? 
 she sought answers on the other side of the coin . 
 the surface was black with a large worn symbol that did not appear to be greek . 
 abe noted her confused expression . 
 he pointed to the coin , having studied it before . 
 `` that is a chakra wheel . 
 an ancient hindu symbol . '' 
 but what 's it doing on a greek coin ? 
 she wondered . 
 `` may i see ? '' 
 luca asked . 
 he crossed around the table to stare over her shoulder . 
 his body stiffened , and his fingers tightened on the table 's edge . 
 `` that ... that symbol . 
 it 's also on the romani flag . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 elizabeth asked . 
 he straightened , his brow crinkled with confusion . 
 `` the symbol was chosen because the sanskrit word chakra means ` wheel . ' 
 it is said to represent a gypsy 's wagon wheel , symbolic of our nomadic heritage , while still honoring our indian roots . 
 but there were always rumors that the symbol had deeper , more ancient roots among the clans . '' 
 as the others discussed the significance , elizabeth studied the coin in silence , beginning to sense at least one truth . 
 gray leaned toward her , reading something on her face . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she met his steely gaze . 
 she held up the coin and pointed to the temple side . 
 `` my father pulled strings to get me that position at the delphi museum shortly after finding this . '' 
 she flipped the coin to the chakra side . 
 `` at the same time , he started to investigate the gypsies and their connection to india . 
 two sides of a coin , two lines of inquiry . '' 
 elizabeth turned the coin on edge . 
 `` but what lies between the two ? 
 what connects them ? '' 
 she turned to abhi bhanjee . 
 he had not told them everything . 
 `` where did my father go ? '' 
 she asked with a bite to her voice . 
 a shout from one of the villagers answered her . 
 a man came running from the outer fires . 
 the music died away-but a distant drumming continued , a heavy beat that thumped to the chest . 
 gray jerked up . 
 elizabeth stood , confused , and stared out toward the hills , trying to discern the direction of the noise , but it seemed to come from everywhere-then three lights speared out of the overcast sky . 
 helicopters . 
 `` everyone back to the suv ! '' 
 gray shouted . 
 abe yelled in hindi , barking hard orders . 
 men and women fled in all directions . 
 in the tumult , elizabeth got separated , spun by passing bodies . 
 disoriented , she fought to follow their group . 
 like diving hawks , the helicopters swept toward the village , then split wide to circle . 
 with her eyes on the skies , she stumbled , but a thick arm caught her . 
 kowalski scooped her around the waist and lifted her to her toes , urging her faster . 
 `` c'mon , babe . '' 
 he forded through the chaos , a rolling rock . 
 at the edges of the village , the helicopters settled to a hover . 
 ropes slithered out from open side doors . 
 even before their ends reached the ground , dark forms slid down the lines , heavy with helmets and gear . 
 they would never make it to the suv . 
 8:38 p.m. pripyat , ukraine nicolas snapped his cell phone closed . 
 so that was one less problem to worry about . 
 he crossed down the hallway toward the gala . 
 music wafted , a traditional russian composition from the nineteenth century , `` snegurochka , '' `` the snow maiden . '' 
 he drew his palm down the lines of his tuxedo . 
 while others dressed in modern couture , nicolas had handpicked his outfit in milan , a single-button brioni cashmere jacket with a peaked lapel and shawl collar . 
 it was classic and elegant , chosen because the duke of windsor had worn such suits in the 1930s and 1940s . 
 it had a vintage look that melded with nicolas 's rhetoric , but he had updated his appearance by replacing the traditional bow tie-which never looked good with his trimmed beard-with a silk pleated tie , accented by a diamond tack set in russian silver . 
 knowing how well he looked , he entered the ballroom . 
 new marble floors shone under the light of a dozen baccarat crystal chandeliers , a charitable donation by the company for this event . 
 tables circled an empty dance floor . 
 but the true dancing had already commenced . 
 the crowd mingled and swirled in eddies of political power , vying for the right nod , a moment alone with the right potentate , a whispered deal . 
 russia 's prime minister and the u.s. president created the largest pools . 
 each was vying for support in regard to how to handle sanctions against burgeoning nuclear threats . 
 an important summit on the matter was scheduled in st. petersburg after the ceremony here . 
 the sealing of chernobyl was the symbolic start of that meeting . 
 nicolas stared over at the pair , surrounded by a sea of people . 
 he intended to wade into those waters . 
 with his growing popularity as the spokesman for nuclear reform , those seas would easily part for him . 
 he should at least shake the hands of the two men he planned to kill . 
 but before he waded into those waters , he headed over to elena . 
 she stood by one of the arched windows . 
 heavy silk drapery framed both the window and the woman . 
 she cut a stately figure in a black dress that flowed like oil over her lithe form , a hollywood matinee idol brought back to life . 
 she carried a flute of champagne in one hand , as if forgotten . 
 she faced the darkness beyond the window . 
 he joined her . 
 beyond the ruins of the city , bright lights twinkled near the horizon . 
 work crews would labor throughout the night to ready the viewing stands and ensure that the installation of the new sarcophagus over the shell of chernobyl went smoothly . 
 the eyes of the world would be on the event . 
 he touched her arm . 
 she was not startled , having noticed his reflection in the mirror . 
 his voluptuous rasputin . 
 `` it is almost over , '' he said and leaned to her ear . 
 according to his man , the concussion charges had already been secured in place . 
 nothing could stop them . 
 8:40 p.m. punjab , india gunfire erupted before gray could reach the edge of the village . 
 screams and shouts echoed . 
 helicopters thumped overhead . 
 he flattened himself against a stone wall . 
 beyond the pair of garbage fires , the mercedes suv rested at the edge of the glow . 
 a soldier in black gear ran low across the open ground , assault rifle at his shoulder . 
 others had to be already solidifying positions around the village , locking the place down . 
 then they 'd close in for the kill , sweeping through the maze of the village . 
 gray knew the only hope for the villagers was for his team to flee , to draw off the hunters . 
 they had to make their escape before the village was secured . 
 he stretched an arm back to rosauro . 
 `` keys . '' 
 they were slapped into his hand , but rosauro had more bad news . 
 `` kowalski . 
 elizabeth . 
 they 're not here . '' 
 gray glanced back . 
 in the mad rush through the twisted alleys , he 'd failed to notice . 
 `` find them , '' he ordered rosauro . 
 `` now . '' 
 she nodded and dashed away . 
 gray stared hard at luca . 
 `` guard the professor . 
 stay out of sight . '' 
 the gypsy nodded . 
 two daggers glinted in his fingers . 
 gray could wait no longer . 
 crouching low , he ran out of hiding and into the open . 
 elizabeth fled with kowalski down a crooked alley . 
 a sewage trench lined one side , reeking and foul . 
 `` follow that , '' she urged . 
 `` it has to lead out of here . '' 
 kowalski nodded and took the next corner . 
 he had a pistol clenched in a meaty paw . 
 she kept to his shoulder . 
 `` do you have another gun ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you shoot ? '' 
 `` skeet . 
 in college . '' 
 `` not much difference . 
 targets just scream a bit more . '' 
 he reached under his jacket to the small of his back and slipped out a small blue steel beretta and passed it blindly back to her . 
 her fingers tightened hard on the grip , drawing strength from the cold steel . 
 they set off . 
 the alleyway was deserted , but gunfire spat from the outskirts as villagers defended their homes and lives . 
 one of the helicopters swept low overhead . 
 the wash from its rotors scattered leaves and bits of garbage . 
 they ducked out of sight into a mud hut . 
 elizabeth caught a glimpse of children huddled behind a low cot . 
 after the helicopter flew past , kowalski tugged her toward the door-but then piled back into her . 
 a soldier in black dashed past the opening . 
 the war must be moving into the village proper . 
 kowalski peeked out , waved for her , then led her back outside . 
 `` we 'll strike for the hills , '' he said . 
 they zigzagged through two more turns and reached a straight shot toward open hills . 
 bodies lay on the street ahead , blood sluicing into the sewage drain . 
 at least one of them wore black camouflage . 
 kowalski kept close to one wall and hurried forward . 
 he led with his pistol up . 
 a spat of automatic fire chattered beyond the village . 
 how would they get past that ? 
 kowalski paused at the soldier 's dead body . 
 he tugged off the man 's helmet . 
 maybe a disguise , elizabeth thought . 
 not bad thinking . 
 but as kowalski yanked , the soldier 's head came off with the helmet . 
 shocked and horrified , he fell back into her . 
 tangled , they both stumbled to the ground . 
 a dark shadow appeared behind them . 
 another soldier . 
 she raised her pistol and shot wildly . 
 the rounds cracked stones and ricocheted , missing the target but driving him back around the corner . 
 kowalski 's weapon blasted behind her , sounding like a cannon in the narrow alley . 
 she risked a glance over her shoulder and saw two more soldiers at the end of the street . 
 they were pinned down and outgunned . 
 gray ducked out of the alley and into the open . 
 he dove under the bullock cart that still stood by the pyres of burning garbage . 
 sliding on his stomach , he edged even with one of the fires . 
 shielded by the cart , he reached out to the edge of the bonfire . 
 if the gunshots and helicopters did n't spook the ox from its post , then gray would have to light a fire under its tail . 
 literally . 
 snatching up a chunk of burning tire from the pyre 's edge , gray flipped it into the oily pile of refuse still stacked atop the cart . 
 it did n't take long for the flames to catch and spread . 
 with a burning branch in his other hand , he crawled fully under the cart and goosed the ox in the hind end . 
 it roared a loud bellow and kicked back at him , knocking the cart a good blow . 
 gray snatched the front board of the wagon as the ox took off , lowing angrily . 
 it shot straight for the hills , dragging the cart , leaving behind a trail of flaming garbage . 
 bumped and jarred underneath the cart , gray kept a hard clamp on the front board and made sure to stay clear of the heavy wheels . 
 the ox and cart reached the hills and bounced across a runoff ditch . 
 gray let go and sank into the watery mud and muck . 
 the cart continued off into the hills , a fiery meteor sailing to points unknown . 
 gray hoped any eyes in the sky would keep watching that flaming trajectory . 
 in the dark , gray swam and pushed along the muddy ditch as it circled the village . 
 he reached the far side of the mercedes and waited for the nearest helicopter to drift farther away-then lurched out of the gully and ran low to the ground , keeping the suv between him and the village . 
 he 'd have to get inside the vehicle quickly . 
 the suv 's dome light would illuminate when he opened the door . 
 keys in hand , he took a deep breath . 
 he could wait no longer . 
 pinned in the alleyway with soldiers at both ends , elizabeth searched for an escape . 
 she found one . 
 an open window . 
 a step away . 
 she nudged kowalski and pointed . 
 `` go ! '' 
 he growled . 
 she dove through the opening . 
 cradling her pistol , she landed in a rough tumble . 
 the room was empty , just a dirt floor . 
 kowalski came barreling in after her . 
 she barely got out of the way in time . 
 gunfire strafed at his heels . 
 boots pounded toward them from both directions . 
 `` door , '' she called . 
 on the opposite side from the window , a low archway led into another alley . 
 together they fled outside - - and right into a clutch of another four soldiers . 
 with surprise on all sides , they scrambled with weapons . 
 but before a shot could be fired , flashes of flailing steel rained down upon the soldiers . 
 elizabeth and kowalski backed together . 
 one man pointed his pistol out at the attackers , but steel snapped and sliced his hand from his arm . 
 another fell to his knees , his throat slashed open . 
 in a heartbeat , all four men lay dead , torn apart . 
 their rescuers were three men . 
 abe and two of the villagers . 
 their weapons were unique to the country . 
 urumi . 
 the infamous whip-swords of india . 
 each sword was a flail of four flexible blades , each an inch wide and five feet long-yet so thin that the steel coiled like a whip . 
 elizabeth 's father had shown her demonstrations of the fighting known as kalaripayattu . 
 with a flick of the wrist , the blades unfurled and cleaved flesh with more force than any standard sword . 
 `` come ! '' 
 abe said . 
 `` your friends are this way . '' 
 he led them back into the village . 
 they followed a circuitous path both around and through village homes and huts . 
 abe lashed out with the sword occasionally , striking even around corners to blind and maim . 
 then he 'd jump out to finish the job with his men . 
 kowalski 's eyes gleamed in the darkness as he watched the slaughter . 
 `` with a weapon like that , no wonder they 're called untouchable . 
 i have to get me one of those . '' 
 coming around another corner , abe slashed out-then jerked his arm back with a glint of thrashing steel . 
 a cry of surprise sounded from around the corner . 
 `` so sorry , '' abe said . 
 rosauro appeared . 
 she held a hand across her cheek . 
 blood seeped from under her fingers . 
 but her eyes widened when she saw who accompanied the swordsman . 
 `` thank god i found you , '' she said . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 as a group , they fled after her . 
 after a flurry of confusing turns , a familiar pair of fires glowed at the end of an alley . 
 crouched between two mud huts , luca waved to them . 
 elizabeth spotted the professor , huddled deeper in the shadows . 
 where was gray ? 
 as answer , a heavy engine roared to life beyond the village . 
 `` get ready ! '' 
 rosauro growled at them , blood running down her face . 
 ready for what ? 
 gray shifted into drive and floored the gas pedal . 
 all four tires catapulted him forward . 
 the suv lunged as one of the rear-side windows splintered . 
 he shot past the twin garbage fires . 
 a helicopter swooped into view ahead . 
 it had no mounted gun , but it did have someone hanging from its side door with a machine gun . 
 gray pounded the brakes . 
 bullets strafed through the mud just past his front bumper . 
 he threw the truck into reverse , hit the gas , and hightailed it backward with the strength of five hundred horses . 
 yanking the wheel , he whipped around his back end , lifting up on two wheels . 
 landing on four tires , he shot back toward the alley and hit the rear hatch release . 
 a warning light flashed on the dash as the back hatch swung open on hydraulic hinges . 
 he crashed between the two fires , scattering flaming garbage . 
 he braked to a stop , nearly striking rosauro in the thighs as she rushed at him with the others . 
 they clambered and dove into the back cabin . 
 people fell in a tangle in the middle row , making room . 
 he spotted a familiar shaved bulldog 's head . 
 they 'd found kowalski . 
 and elizabeth , too . 
 presently crushed under the large man . 
 rosauro called from the rear , `` go ! '' 
 gray kicked the gas and punched the hatch release to close the door . 
 ahead , two helicopters aimed toward him from opposite directions . 
 twin lines of bullets chewed through the mud . 
 gray swerved , juking one way , then the other . 
 the helicopters matched his moves . 
 a torrent of fresh gunfire erupted from the village behind him-aimed at the birds in the sky . 
 the barrage was impressive , even laced with fiery tracer rounds . 
 a few of the villagers must have confiscated some of the assault team 's automatic weapons . 
 one of the snipers in the helicopter fell from his perch . 
 its searchlight shattered and went dark . 
 the other bird veered . 
 gray ducked past its hail of fire and reached the hills . 
 he kept the gas floored . 
 with his headlights off , he followed the path of the bullock cart , hoping whatever path the ox took would be passable with the four-wheel drive . 
 he shot away from the bright fires of the village and out into the rolling darkness . 
 two helicopters followed , chasing them with searchlights . 
 the third lowered at the edge of the village , dropping lines to the ground , collecting stray men . 
 rosauro leaned forward . 
 `` they 're russians ! '' 
 `` russians ? '' 
 `` i think so , '' she explained . 
 `` the commandos were carrying an-94s . '' 
 russian military assault rifles . 
 in the rearview mirror , gray caught a worried glimpse on masterson 's face . 
 first an american mercenary team , now russians ... how many people wanted this guy dead ? 
 answers would have to wait for the moment . 
 gray could see that the helicopters , reflected in his mirrors , continued to close the distance . 
 while gray had succeeded in his plan-getting the team clear of the village and drawing off the assault team-now what ? 
 `` turn right at the bottom of the next hill ! '' 
 a voice called behind him with a british accent . 
 gray glanced back and saw they had a stowaway . 
 abhi bhanjee . 
 rosauro explained , `` he knows a way to shake our tail ! '' 
 hitting the bottom of the slope with a splash of water , gray took a hard right and followed the muddy valley . 
 `` now left past that next fencerow ! '' 
 abe yelled . 
 what fencerow ? 
 gray leaned forward . 
 without headlights , it was too dark to see . 
 if only he had more lights ... a helicopter swept past , its searchlight blazing . 
 it was not exactly what gray had been hoping for . 
 still , with the better illumination , he spotted a fence of stacked stones ahead . 
 unfortunately the beam also spotted them . 
 brilliant light swamped the suv . 
 a salvo of gunfire erupted , peppering the water , pinging his back end . 
 with no time to spare , gray reached the fence and yanked to the left . 
 even with the four-wheel drive , the back end fishtailed in the water and mud . 
 but the tires finally gripped , and they fled up a short rise and out of the water . 
 the helicopter swept wide . 
 but its spotlight pivoted smoothly and kept fixed to them , tracking their passage below . 
 shooting over the top of the next rise , the suv lifted into the air for a breath , then struck down hard enough to knock gray 's teeth together . 
 cries rose from the rear . 
 at the bottom of the slope and to the right , a black sea divided the gray landscape ahead . 
 it was not water , but a vast forest . 
 `` mango orchard ! '' 
 abe said . 
 `` very old farm . 
 very old trees . 
 my family has worked many generations there . '' 
 gray shot toward that dark orchard . 
 the spotlight followed . 
 gunfire rained at them , but gray kept a slaloming , unpredictable course . 
 not a single bullet touched them . 
 with a final roar of the engine , they barreled into the orchard . 
 trees towered in straight rows . 
 branches arched into a continuous canopy , cutting off the glare of the spotlight . 
 gray slowed as the light vanished and darkness fell around him . 
 still , he made several turns , running perpendicular to their original path . 
 the thumping of the helicopter 's blades faded . 
 gray fled deeper , like an escaped prisoner running through a dark cornfield . 
 `` how large is this orchard ? '' 
 he asked , calculating how well they 'd be able to hide here . 
 `` over ten thousand acres . '' 
 that 's one big cornfield . 
 as the danger ebbed , everyone settled themselves more comfortably into their seats . 
 rosauro leaned forward . 
 `` there 's another reason abe insisted he come along . '' 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 she lifted a coin into view . 
 it was the greek coin with the chakra wheel on the back . 
 she pointed to the temple . 
 `` he knows where this is . '' 
 gray glanced into the rearview mirror . 
 he spotted abhi bhanjee seated in the back row next to luca . 
 even through the gloom , gray recognized the man 's terror . 
 he remembered the hindu man 's description about where archibald polk had been headed when he 'd vanished . 
 a cursed place . 
 13 september 6 , 10:26 p.m. southern ural mountains monk kept guard . 
 in dry clothes and with his bones warmed by the hearth , monk circled the cabin . 
 he creaked around as quietly as possible , stepping carefully . 
 he wore his boots , though the laces were untied . 
 he had all the children redress and put on their shoes before curling up in their quilts . 
 if they had to leave suddenly , he did n't want them fumbling with clothing . 
 konstantin and kiska huddled together , each cocooned in their blankets . 
 they seemed smaller in sleep , especially konstantin . 
 his sharp attention and mature speech patterns made him seem older . 
 but with his body relaxed , monk realized he could be no older than twelve . 
 stepping past them , monk moved extra softly . 
 by now , he knew which floorboards creaked the loudest and avoided them . 
 pyotr lay curled in the embrace of the old chimpanzee . 
 she sat on the floor , her head hung to her chest , breathing deeply in sleep . 
 pyotr had panicked earlier , scared for his twin sister . 
 monk trusted the boy 's instinct , but there was nothing they could do . 
 it took a full hour to get pyotr to finally relax , but the day 's trek had worn the boy to a thread . 
 he finally succumbed to his exhaustion and drifted to sleep , guarded over by marta . 
 no matter how softly monk tread , she would lift her head toward him as he passed . 
 bleary , warm eyes stared up at him , then the lids drifted down along with her head . 
 keep watching over him , marta . 
 at least someone loved these children . 
 monk returned to his seat beside the door . 
 he had upended the table across the threshold and had positioned a chair in front of that . 
 he sank to it with a sigh . 
 he listened to the night noises of the swamp : the gurgle of water , the croaking of frogs , the buzz of crickets , and the occasional soft hooting of a hunting owl . 
 he had been startled earlier by something large moving past the cabin , but a peek through the shutters revealed a muddy boar , grubbing around . 
 monk let the creature roam , serving as a tusked sentinel . 
 but eventually it moved on . 
 the rhythms of the swamp lulled him . 
 before long , his own chin sank toward his chest . 
 he 'd only close his eyes for a few minutes . 
 - you 're late again , monk ! 
 get moving ! 
 his head snapped back up , cracking against the underside of the upended table . 
 pain lanced through his skull-not from his knock against wood , but from deeper down . 
 for a moment , he tasted ... tasted cinnamon , spiced and warm , along with a whispery brush against his lips . 
 a scent filled him , stirred him . 
 it faded quickly . 
 just a dream ... but monk knew better . 
 he sat straighter as the icy spike of pain melted away . 
 he fingered the sutures behind his ear . 
 who am i ? 
 konstantin had described a sinking cruise liner , a weighted net , and his rescue at sea . 
 had he worked on the ship ? 
 had he been a passenger ? 
 there was no answer inside him , only darkness . 
 monk gazed across the room and found a pair of eyes staring back at him . 
 pyotr had n't moved . 
 he just looked at monk . 
 the knock of his head against the table must have woken the boy . 
 or maybe it was something else . 
 monk met the boy 's gaze . 
 he read a well of sorrow in the child 's eyes , too deep for one so young . 
 it scared monk a little . 
 it was no simple grief or fear . 
 hopelessness shone in his tiny face , a despair that had no place in any child 's eyes . 
 the boy shivered , stirring marta . 
 she hooted softly and looked over her shoulder at monk . 
 he stood and crossed to them . 
 the boy 's face gleamed brightly in the firelight . 
 too brightly . 
 monk checked his forehead . 
 hot . 
 feverish . 
 that 's all he needed was a sick child . 
 could n't he catch even a small break ? 
 his silent question was answered by a feral scream . 
 close . 
 it started as a throaty growl , and then pitched into a full scream . 
 it reminded monk of someone yanking on the cord of a chain saw . 
 a second cry answered from the opposite side of the domicile . 
 the feral screams jerked both konstantin and kiska to their feet . 
 there had been no warning . 
 monk had heard no sign of the cats ' approach . 
 even the boy had remained unaware . 
 maybe it was the fever or simple exhaustion . 
 monk had hoped for some notice . 
 the cabin was not secure . 
 from what he saw on the riverbank earlier , each tiger weighed around seven hundred pounds , most of it toughened muscle . 
 the cats could tear through the door or claw through the roof in seconds . 
 but for now , they circled , growling , sizing up the place . 
 konstantin had expressed another concern . 
 even if the tigers did n't storm the cabin , they were surely being followed by hunters on two legs . 
 they could not let the cats trap them here . 
 so with no choice , they moved quickly . 
 monk slipped the spear-point bowie knife they 'd found in the cabin from his belt and clenched the wooden handle between his teeth-then he crossed to the stone hearth and pulled a flaming brand out of the fire . 
 earlier , using the knife , he had chopped a three-foot-long branch from a scraggly pine outside . 
 the resin was highly combustible and had fueled the stick into a fiery torch . 
 monk hurried around the room . 
 he tapped the torch to the underside of the thatch roof . 
 long neglected , it was as dry as tinder . 
 he had also emptied the kerosene from the rusty lantern into some rags and stuffed them in the roof . 
 flames spread quickly . 
 the cats yowled into higher octaves , splitting the night . 
 behind monk , konstantin lifted two pine boards from the floor . 
 monk had already pried out the old nails with the same knife and loosened the boards . 
 raised on short stilts , the cabin had a low crawl space beneath it , open on all sides . 
 it was too low-roofed for monk , but not for the children or marta . 
 he prayed the cats could not shimmy under there also . 
 opposite the door , kiska unlatched the shutter from the cabin 's window and dropped it open . 
 at the same time , monk kicked the table aside from the door . 
 ready and running out of time , he waved the kids below as smoke filled the upper half of the cabin and heat blazed down . 
 marta helped pyotr under the floorboards . 
 kiska went next . 
 konstantin followed . 
 the older boy nodded to monk , no longer a boy , but a dour young man again . 
 `` be careful , '' konstantin warned . 
 with the dagger between his teeth , monk returned his nod . 
 konstantin dropped away and vanished . 
 monk had to keep the cats distracted . 
 the roof fire and smoke should confuse them . 
 he had to add to it . 
 with the torch in his hand , he counted to ten-then kicked the warped door with all his strength . 
 boards cracked , and the door smashed wide . 
 a tiger crouched three yards away . 
 startled , it curled into a long menacing hiss . 
 one claw swiped at the empty air in his direction . 
 the feline equivalent of f ** k you . 
 monk gaped a half second at its sheer size . 
 thirteen feet long . 
 eyes glowed with reflected firelight as the cabin 's roof burned . 
 lips rippled back , pink tongue arched deep inside a cage of long fangs . 
 monk swung the torch in a fiery arc . 
 his heart pounded a primal drumbeat that traced back to mankind 's prehistoric roots huddled in dark caves . 
 still , as he 'd hoped , the loud bang of the door drew the second cat . 
 it came ripping around the corner on the left , low to the ground , a blur of striped fur and massive paws . 
 monk shoved his torch in the cat 's face as it lunged at him . 
 fur burned , and the cat screeched and rolled away . 
 monk caught a glimpse of the tiger 's gnarled left ear , marking this one as zakhar . 
 his brother arkady howled and charged , defending his littermate . 
 monk knew the cat intended to bowl into him , torch or not . 
 so monk hiked his arm back and hurled the fiery brand like a javelin . 
 it speared through the air and struck the tiger square in its open mouth . 
 the cat shot straight up , spitting and writhing in midair . 
 monk grabbed the knife from his teeth , pivoted on his toe , and lunged back into the cabin . 
 as he turned , from the corner of his eye , he spotted zakhar pounding straight at him . 
 gasping in terror , monk sprinted across the smoky interior of the cabin . 
 like tear gas , the heat and sting of soot blinded him . 
 he ran on instinct . 
 the open window lay directly opposite the door . 
 blinking tears , he made out a darker square set against the blurry wall . 
 he dove straight at it , stretching his arms ahead of him . 
 his aim was sure-until a claw snagged his pant leg . 
 cloth ripped free , but his body jerked . 
 his shoulder hit the window 's edge with an arm-numbing blow . 
 his momentum enabled him to tumble out the window . 
 he landed hard with the wind knocked out of him . 
 the knife flew from his fingertips into high weeds . 
 behind him , zakhar slammed into the wall , unprepared for the mouse hole through which monk had escaped . 
 the impact shook the entire cabin ; flames danced higher . 
 a howl of raw fury chased monk back to his feet . 
 he stumbled a step , caught himself , then sprinted away from the cabin toward the water . 
 it was that stumble that doomed him . 
 2:20 p.m. washington , d.c. `` her condition is a form of meningitis , '' dr. yuri raev admitted . 
 painter sat across the dining table from the older russian scientist . 
 dr. raev was flanked by john mapplethorpe , who painter recognized from a dossier sean mcknight had prepared-and a surprising guest , dr. trent mcbride , the supposedly missing colleague of archibald polk . 
 it seemed he had been found . 
 painter had a thousand questions for the man , but the meeting here at the capital grille on pennsylvania avenue had been tightly negotiated across intelligence channels . 
 the limit and scope of their discussions had been ironed out . 
 any discussion of dr. polk was off the table . 
 at least for now . 
 the only matter open for dialogue was the health of the girl . 
 as such , painter had brought his own experts to the roundtable . 
 on his side of the table sat lisa and malcolm . 
 the pair had the medical knowledge and background to weigh the validity of the information offered . 
 across the table , the russian looked ill at ease . 
 he was not the monster painter had envisioned in his mind when he 'd negotiated this roundtable . 
 the man looked like a kindly grandfather in his rumpled dark suit , but there was a haunted quality to his eyes . 
 painter also read the crinkled concern as he talked about the child . 
 the lines on his face had deepened and spread when he glanced through the medical file lisa had slid across the table . 
 painter suspected the only reason the man was cooperating was a true fear for the girl 's life . 
 `` her deterioration is a result of her augment , '' yuri continued . 
 `` we do n't completely understand why . 
 the device 's microelectrodes are composed of carbon-platinum nanotubules . 
 we believe that the more a subject utilizes their talents , the faster they deteriorate . 
 has sasha been drawing while you 've had her in your custody ? '' 
 painter remembered all her feverish sketches : the safe house , the taj mahal , a picture of monk . 
 he slowly nodded . 
 `` exactly what is she doing when she draws ? '' 
 mapplethorpe lifted a hand . 
 there was an oiliness to his voice , well suited to slide around the truth . 
 `` you know that is beyond the scope of discussion here . 
 you 're treading on thin ice , director crowe . '' 
 yuri spoke over mapplethorpe 's objection , which painter found interesting . 
 `` she is a prodigious savant , '' he said , ignoring glares from either side . 
 `` her natural talents blend keen spatial dynamics with artistic talent , and when augmented , these abilities cross to - '' `` that 's enough , '' mapplethorpe barked . 
 `` or we end matters here and walk away . 
 you can send us the girl 's body after she 's dead . '' 
 yuri 's face darkened , but he went silent . 
 lisa encouraged him back on track . 
 `` why does utilizing her abilities accelerate sasha 's deterioration ? '' 
 yuri spoke softly , with a trace of guilt . 
 `` when stimulated , the interface between the organic and inorganic begins to leak . '' 
 malcolm stirred . 
 `` what do you mean by ` leak ' ? '' 
 `` our researchers believe that nanoparticles break away from the ends of the microelectrodes and contaminate the cerebral spinal fluid . '' 
 lisa stirred . 
 `` no wonder our cultures came back negative . 
 the meningitis was n't bacterial or viral , but a contamination of foreign particles . '' 
 yuri nodded . 
 `` and to cure her , we must treat that contamination ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes . 
 it has taken us many years to devise a system of preventative medicine . 
 at the core , we employ a modified version of a chemotherapeutic drug used to treat bladder cancer . 
 cis-platinum . 
 the monoatomic platinum acts as a binder for the stray nanoparticles and helps flush them out . 
 the exact cocktail and dosage of drugs necessary to facilitate such a treatment will require an examination of the girl and immediate access to fresh blood tests . '' 
 painter noted the corners of mcbride 's lips harden . 
 it seemed there was some dissatisfaction with this dependency on dr. raev . 
 but if the russian was telling the truth , he was vital to the girl 's survival . 
 under the table , lisa 's hand rested on painter 's knee . 
 the long linen tablecloth hid her attention . 
 they were seated in the fabric room of the capital grille steakhouse , neutral ground , a restaurant known for the number of deals struck across the fine china and linen . 
 they had the private dining hall to themselves . 
 the rest of the restaurant was notably empty . 
 most likely arranged by mapplethorpe to assure further privacy . 
 lisa 's fingers tightened on his knee , signaling that she believed dr. raev . 
 painter also noted the division between the russian and the other two men . 
 was there a way of utilizing that to his advantage ? 
 mcbride spoke . 
 `` we have dr. raev 's pharmacy of medicines . 
 if you 'll bring the girl to a hospital , we can get her treatment started immediately . 
 perhaps walter reed army medical center . '' 
 painter shook his head . 
 nice try , bud . 
 lisa supported him . 
 `` she 's too fragile to move . 
 we 're barely managing her d.i.c. as it is . 
 any additional stress could destabilize her beyond recovery . '' 
 `` then i must go to her , '' yuri said . 
 painter knew they 'd come to the prickly point of these negotiations . 
 the child was a political and scientific hot potato . 
 he had left her in the care of kat and sean . 
 sean , as the director of darpa , was also wielding his skill behind the scenes . 
 the roundtable here was just the tip of the political iceberg . 
 painter had no choice but to bring yuri to the girl , breaching sigma security-but unfortunately , mapplethorpe knew this , too . 
 and from their reactions here and the obvious friction between them , mapplethorpe would never allow yuri to go alone . 
 `` i will allow one person to accompany dr. raev , '' painter said . 
 mapplethorpe misinterpreted his restriction . 
 `` we know where sigma command is located , if that 's what you fear revealing . 
 beneath the smithsonian castle . '' 
 though painter should n't have been startled , his gut still clenched . 
 mapplethorpe had his fingers tangled throughout the intelligence web of washington . 
 sean had warned that it would not take the man long to determine who was involved and where they were located . 
 still , with all his political power , mapplethorpe could not gain access to sigma 's inner sanctum . 
 behind the scenes , the man was surely still attempting to storm their gates . 
 sean 's goal was to keep those gates barred tightly . 
 painter kept his features stoic . 
 `` be that as it may , i 'll allow only one person to accompany dr. raev . '' 
 he glanced between the two men . 
 mcbride lifted a hand . 
 `` i 'll go . 
 i can be of use to yuri . '' 
 from the russian 's slight roll of his eyes , it seemed dr. raev did not agree . 
 mapplethorpe stared hard at painter , then slowly nodded . 
 `` but we 'll want a concession for our cooperation , '' he said . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` you may keep the girl-but from here on out , you 'll grant free access to her once she 's recovered . 
 she is a resource we 'll not let slip away . 
 our national security is at stake . '' 
 `` do n't wave the flag at me , '' painter said . 
 `` what you cooperated in to produce this girl is beyond all conventions of human decency . '' 
 `` we only financed and offered scientific counsel at the end . 
 the project was already well established . 
 if we had n't cooperated , as you say , our country would be at serious risk . '' 
 `` what a crock ! 
 when you cross such a line , you damage all of us . 
 what nation are we trying to protect , if that nation advocates the brutality necessary to produce this girl ? '' 
 `` are you truly that naive , crowe ? 
 it 's a new world out there . '' 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 last i checked , it 's the same planet circling the same sun . 
 the only thing that 's changed is how we 're reacting , what lines we 're willing to cross . 
 we have the ability to stop that . '' 
 mapplethorpe glowered at him . 
 painter saw the resolution in the man 's eyes . 
 the man truly believed what he was doing was necessary , saw no fault in it . 
 here was a level of zealotry that brooked no argument . 
 painter wondered where such certainty came from-was it just patriotism or did he wrap himself in such dogma to protect himself from the atrocities he committed , crimes he knew in his heart were too horrible to justify any other way ? 
 either way , they were at an impasse . 
 `` do we have a deal ? '' 
 mapplethorpe asked . 
 `` otherwise , we 'll move on . 
 there are always other children . '' 
 painter studied his adversary . 
 to cure the child , he had no choice but to get into political bed with him . 
 painter could not let the girl die . 
 he 'd have to deal with the political fallout afterward . 
 painter slowly nodded . 
 `` when can you be ready ? '' 
 mcbride spoke up . 
 `` i 'll need an hour to collect dr. raev 's medicines . '' 
 `` we 'll be waiting , '' painter said and stood , ending the summit . 
 mapplethorpe followed him up and held out his hand , as if they 'd just completed a real estate sale . 
 and maybe they had . 
 painter was about to sell a part of his soul . 
 still , with no choice , he shook the man 's hand . 
 mapplethorpe 's palm was cold and dry , his grip firm with certainty . 
 a part of painter envied that level of unwavering conviction . 
 but did the man sleep as well at night ? 
 as they departed through the wood-paneled restaurant and out under the blue-green awning , painter was troubled by one statement by mapplethorpe , a disturbing aside . 
 there are always other children . 
 who was he talking about ? 
 10:42 p.m. southern ural mountains he had to get away . 
 monk sprinted toward the open water . 
 behind him , a tiger 's scream sliced through the night , coming from the flaming cabin . 
 zakhar . 
 the cat fought to climb through the window . 
 monk increased his pace . 
 ahead , he spotted a small raft out in the water . 
 earlier , monk had hauled the old punt out of the reeds . 
 he 'd scraped away most of the moss and found the raft still floated . 
 unfortunately , there were no oars , so monk had fashioned a long pole out of the trunk of a sapling . 
 out in the deeper water , konstantin stood in the stern of the raft and leaned hard on the makeshift pole . 
 the raft drifted farther away . 
 at least they had made it . 
 as planned , the children had crawled out from under the cabin while monk had distracted the cats . 
 the raft waited for them a yard offshore . 
 they were to hop on board , shove off , and head for the deepest water . 
 monk was supposed to have joined them-but his exit from the cabin had not gone as smoothly as he 'd hoped . 
 the delay gave time for the second tiger-arkady-to tear around the flaming cabin with a hiss of fury and charge straight at monk . 
 the drum of heavy pads trampled behind him . 
 monk fought for the water 's edge . 
 without a weapon , escape was his only hope . 
 gasping , he stretched his stride . 
 the landscape jittered . 
 a low growl closed on him . 
 footfalls pounded . 
 no breath . 
 heartbeat in his ears . 
 a sharper hiss ... ready to pounce . 
 the glint of water . 
 too far . 
 hopeless , he turned and dropped , skidded on his backside . 
 the cat hunched to spring with its last stride , but - - out of the high weeds , a dark shadow leaped and struck the cat in the side . 
 monk caught a flash of silver . 
 then the shadow hurdled the tiger , hit the ground , and bounded headlong into a thick patch of willows and vanished . 
 marta . 
 the chimpanzee had n't left with the kids . 
 arkady , caught off balance in midlunge , had been knocked on his side . 
 the tiger thrashed back to his paws as monk crabbed backward on hands and feet . 
 staggering , the tiger yowled a coarse , strangled sound . 
 blackness poured down the cat 's throat , erasing stripes into shadow . 
 blood . 
 impaled under his jaw , the handle of a knife protruded . 
 the bowie knife from the cabin . 
 monk had lost it when he fell . 
 the chimpanzee had recovered it , used it , saved his life . 
 monk remembered-and he could n't say how he remembered-that chimps were natural tool users . 
 with twigs , they fished termites out of nests . 
 with sharpened branches , they stabbed african bush babies out of holes in trunks . 
 and marta was no ordinary chimp . 
 arkady trembled all over , his yowl drowning in blood . 
 another took up his cry . 
 zakhar screamed with a violence that set monk 's jaw to aching . 
 monk shoved and fled toward the water . 
 reaching the muddy bank , he dove straight out and landed on his belly in the shallows . 
 he kicked and lunged for the deeper water . 
 zakhar 's howl swelled with outrage . 
 monk splashed and paddled far enough to dive completely underwater . 
 the cold cleared the panic , but even underwater , he heard the tiger 's scream . 
 holding his breath , monk stroked and frog-kicked out into the deeper water . 
 as his lungs grew to burning , he surfaced quietly . 
 treading water , he stared back toward the cabin . 
 flames cast high into the darkness . 
 limned in the firelight , zakhar circled his brother . 
 the other tiger did not move . 
 monk heard marta sweeping through the trees . 
 he craned and saw her swing free and drop heavily to the raft . 
 it lay ten yards away . 
 monk swam to it and hauled himself atop it . 
 he sprawled on his back , out of breath , panting . 
 on his left , marta lay curled on her side , tucked tight , rocking slightly . 
 a low moan flowed from her . 
 pyotr sprawled atop her , comforting her , holding her . 
 monk lifted to an elbow , glanced to the cabin , then back to marta . 
 as zakhar continued to scream , monk reached out a hand and rested it on the chimpanzee 's shoulder . 
 her body trembled , bent in a posture of grief . 
 it had to be done , he willed to her . 
 arkady had been tortured , abused , driven half mad . 
 the cat had become more a monster than one of god 's creatures . 
 death was a blessing . 
 still , marta moaned . 
 killing was never easy . 
 at the stern , konstantin heaved on the long pole and sent them floating toward the heart of the swamp . 
 monk sat up . 
 something caught his eye . 
 before they had settled in for the night , he had stored everyone 's packs on the raft . 
 his gaze focused on a badge hanging from a zipper . 
 the radiation monitor . 
 in the reflected firelight , it was plain to see . 
 the pink color had grown darker . 
 and with it , so did their hopes . 
 4:31 p.m. washington , d.c. yuri adjusted the flow of the drip line from the i.v. bag . 
 his fingers trembled as he worked . 
 he was too conscious of sasha in the bed , lost amid the blanket and sheets . 
 she was worse than he 'd feared . 
 he silently cursed the hour he 'd lost , waiting on mcbride and mapplethorpe . 
 it was time he could 've used to initiate sasha 's treatment . 
 instead , he 'd been locked up at the fbi building while the other two had gone about some private business . 
 mcbride finally returned with all of the medications from yuri 's hotel room . 
 on foot , they had then crossed the mall , where they were met outside the smithsonian castle and escorted down a private elevator to the secure facility below . 
 they were searched , scanned , and blindfolded . 
 led by hand , yuri had quickly lost his bearings in the subterranean maze of the facility . 
 they finally reached a room , a door closed behind them , and the lock clicked . 
 only then was his blindfold removed . 
 yuri found himself in a small hospital room . 
 one wall was mostly mirrored , surely two-way glass . 
 two people stood guard over the child : a tall auburn-haired woman who introduced herself as kat bryant and dr. lisa cummings , whom he 'd met at the restaurant . 
 lisa held out a stack of medical reports . 
 `` we 're at your service , '' lisa said . 
 `` tell us what must be done . '' 
 yuri set to work . 
 he read all the reports , reviewed the latest blood chemistries . 
 it took him another ten minutes to calculate the dosages . 
 mcbride tried to help , watching over his shoulder . 
 yuri had growled at him , `` stay out of my way . '' 
 the americans did not know the alchemy in preserving the children . 
 yuri intended to keep it that way , and the method was too complicated to torture out of him . 
 but he could not let sasha die without trying to save her , so he had to let mcbride watch . 
 but once sasha was safe ... kat interrupted his reverie , standing behind him . 
 `` will she be okay ? '' 
 yuri tapped the drip . 
 satisfied with the flow , he turned and found the woman 's eyes upon him . 
 her hair was braided back from her face , revealing the worry in the hard edges around her eyes and mouth . 
 he sighed and offered her the truth . 
 `` i 've done all i can . 
 we 'll need hourly renal tests , urine specific gravities . 
 it will give us some idea of the progress , but it will take five or six hours before we know if she 'll survive . '' 
 his voice cracked with his last words . 
 he turned away , embarrassed to show weakness to these strangers . 
 he found mcbride staring back at him , a callous glint to his eyes . 
 the man had retreated to a chair by the door . 
 he sat smugly with his legs crossed . 
 `` all we can do is wait , '' yuri mumbled and found a seat beside the bed . 
 a child 's book lay open atop it . 
 kat reached down and collected it . 
 `` i was reading it to her . '' 
 yuri nodded . 
 on the plane ride here , sasha had leaned her head on yuri 's arm while he quietly read her russian fables . 
 he smiled softly at the memory . 
 they were trained not to grow attached , but she was special . 
 his hand drifted to where one of her fingers poked from the sheets . 
 a blood pressure monitor was clamped to it . 
 he ran his finger down the thin digit , so like a porcelain doll 's . 
 finally he leaned back into his chair . 
 it would be a long wait . 
 mcbride tapped his shoe on the floor . 
 machines shushed and beeped . 
 after a few minutes , dr. cummings slipped from the room to discuss matters with the group 's pathologist . 
 kat settled into a chair on the opposite side of the bed . 
 as the first hour slowly passed , yuri noted a pile of papers on the bedside table . 
 a corner of a sheet caught his eye . 
 it was heavily scribbled with a black marker . 
 glimpsing just the edge , yuri recognized sasha 's work . 
 he shifted through various sheets , not comprehending their meaning . 
 but on the last sheet , yuri found a familiar face . 
 he stiffened in his seat with surprise . 
 it was their prisoner back at chelyabinsk 88 . 
 yuri kept the picture flat . 
 mcbride knew nothing about the capture of the american . 
 he 'd never been told . 
 still , yuri must have stared too long at the picture . 
 `` my husband . '' 
 kat spoke up from the opposite side of the bed . 
 `` sasha drew it . 
 i think she saw his picture in my wallet . '' 
 he slowly nodded and covered the picture . 
 her husband ... ? 
 `` why would she do that ? '' 
 kat asked . 
 she stared at him with a bit more focused intent . 
 `` draw such a picture . '' 
 yuri stared back at the girl . 
 his heart pounded harder , and his vision narrowed . 
 it was sasha 's drawings that had saved the man 's life . 
 and now here was the same man 's wife . 
 it was beyond coincidence , outside probable chance . 
 what was going on ? 
 `` dr. raev ? '' 
 the woman pressed . 
 he was saved from having to answer by the flutter of tiny lashes . 
 sasha 's eyes opened , revealing their watery blue depths . 
 yuri scooted closer . 
 the woman stood up . 
 sasha remained groggy , her gaze unfocused . 
 but her heart-shaped face turned toward yuri . 
 `` unchi pepe ... ? '' 
 that name . 
 yuri 's blood pounded in his ears and iced through him . 
 he flashed to a dark aisle in a cold church , to a child clutching a rag doll before a stone altar , staring up at him with the same blue eyes . 
 here were the same words . 
 the same accusation . 
 unchi pepe ... the pet name for josef mengele , the butcher of auschwitz . 
 he took sasha 's hand , knocking loose the blood pressure monitor . 
 no , he promised to her . 
 not ever again . 
 tears blurred his vision . 
 her tiny fingers clamped weakly to him . 
 her lids fluttered . 
 `` papa ... papa yuri ... ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he whispered . 
 `` i 'm here , baby . 
 i wo n't leave you . '' 
 her lips moved as she faded back to sleep . 
 her fingers relaxed and slipped from his . 
 `` marta ... marta 's scared ... '' 11:50 p.m. southern ural mountains the body was still warm , but the blood was cold . 
 the kill was an hour or so old . 
 lieutenant borsakov lifted his palm from the flank of the dead tiger . 
 he reached to the head , grabbed an ear , and tugged up . 
 the other ear matched the first , marking this cat as arkady . 
 he dropped it and stood . 
 in his other hand , borsakov carried his sidearm , a yarygin pya . 
 he kept it raised , wishing it was chambered in something stronger than 9 mm . 
 he searched for zakhar . 
 there was no sign of the cat . 
 behind him , the old ibza still smoked and smoldered . 
 impressed at the escape , he crossed back to the airboat . 
 a pilot and two other soldiers sat aboard , bearing assault rifles , covering him . 
 the headlamp of the swamp boat speared out into the darkness . 
 the giant fan at the back of the craft slowly spun as the pilot idled its engine . 
 borsakov climbed back aboard and waved them out into the dark swamp . 
 the engine whined , the fan spun to a gale , and they sailed away from the glowing ruins of the hunter 's lodge and headed back out into the night . 
 the hunt would have been easier if they 'd had the use of infrared scopes or night-vision goggles , but borsakov had discovered someone had sneaked into the supply shed sometime during the past day and damaged their limited equipment . 
 either the american or the children . 
 they 'd known they would be hunted . 
 `` should we not report in with general-major martov ? '' 
 his second in command asked and reached to the team 's radio . 
 borsakov shook his head . 
 the general-major did not take setbacks well . 
 the airboat flew through the swamp . 
 he would call when the american was dead . 
 as they fled , borsakov glanced back to the island , to the smoldering ruins and dead cat . 
 he pictured the american and what he had accomplished . 
 who was this man ? 
 and where did he get his training ? 
 6:02 p.m. washington , d.c. trent mcbride lifted the phone 's receiver to his ear . 
 they 'd allowed him to use a wall phone and patched his call to mapplethorpe 's office . 
 trent was under no illusion that the conversation would be private . 
 someone was surely monitoring . 
 but that would n't stop him from calling in a status report . 
 after a few cursory exchanges with mapplethorpe , trent said , `` it looks like the girl may survive . '' 
 if she had died , then there would be no reason to proceed . 
 `` very good , '' mapplethorpe answered . 
 a short and significant pause followed ; then he spoke . 
 `` how long until we know for sure ? '' 
 trent checked his watch and calculated how much time he 'd need . 
 `` to be certain . 
 six hours , '' he said . 
 middle of the night . 
 it would take coordination , but then they 'd have everything . 
 mapplethorpe growled with satisfaction . 
 `` then that 's very good news indeed . '' 
 14 september 6 , 11:04 p.m. punjab , india `` we can go no farther , '' abhi bhanjee said . 
 gray did n't argue . 
 the mercedes suv was up to its axles in mud . 
 exhausted , his nerves stretched to a piano-wire tautness , he drove the truck up to a stonier piece of ground . 
 for the past two hours , rain had dumped heavily out of low skies . 
 it seemed impossible for clouds to hold such volumes of water . 
 they had left the mango orchards thirty miles ago and trekked through a landscape just as wooded , but here the terrain was wild . 
 the rolling hills had given way to a broken escarpment of steep hills and cliffs . 
 with the rain , creeks swelled and surged throughout the landscape . 
 it was as if the entire world wept . 
 but at least the torrent of rain had drowned away the helicopters . 
 the hunters had given up the chase after losing their prey among the thousands of acres of property . 
 abe knew the lands around here well and had guided them along a steep-walled valley out of the orchards and into this inhospitable terrain . 
 no one comes here , the man had said . 
 not good for farming . 
 that was an understatement . 
 `` we are not far , '' abe assured them as gray braked to a stop . 
 `` less than a kilometer . 
 but we must walk from here . '' 
 gray hid the suv under the draping boughs of a banyan tree . 
 turning off the engine , he stared out at the cliffs and pictured the temple on the greek coin . 
 abe claimed such a structure lay out among these lands . 
 it was where dr. polk had been headed the day he disappeared . 
 only a few local villagers knew of this place . 
 it was a site both revered and feared by abe 's people , sacred ground for the achuta . 
 why had dr. polk come out here ? 
 what had so excited the professor ? 
 water sluiced over the windshield , blurring the view . 
 `` perhaps it 's best if we wait for a break in the weather , '' masterson suggested . 
 `` we can look for this temple after it stops raining . '' 
 gray checked his watch . 
 it was nearing midnight . 
 he did n't want to be anywhere near here by morning . 
 come daylight , the helicopters would be out searching again . 
 the tank-size mercedes suv would be easy to spot in the open hills . 
 gray had already taken measures and disabled the truck 's gps unit , fearing that was how the russians had tracked them from delhi . 
 he had many unanswered questions in his head , but he knew one thing for certain . 
 if they were going to track the last steps taken by dr. polk , they 'd better do it now . 
 he swung around to address the passengers . 
 `` i 'm going with abe . 
 but the rest of you might want to stay with the vehicle . '' 
 elizabeth raised her hand . 
 `` i 'm going with you . 
 if there 's some lost temple out there , you may need my help . '' 
 kowalski nodded . 
 `` and where she goes , i 'm going . '' 
 elizabeth glanced to him with a look that started out annoyed but melted into something less sure . 
 `` we should stay together , '' rosauro said , grabbing their pack of gear . 
 luca nodded . 
 masterson rolled his eyes . 
 `` it looks like we 're all going to get wet . '' 
 with the matter decided , they piled out of the suv and into the rain . 
 after a couple of steps , gray was soaked to the skin . 
 his clothes seemed to have gained twenty pounds . 
 kowalski cursed and glanced longingly back toward the suv , but once elizabeth moved , he followed in her footsteps . 
 `` over this way , '' abe said and pointed to a shattered cliff that rose up into ragged plateaus covered in trees . 
 roots tangled out of the sandstone walls , like the gnarled faces of old men , worn from the cliffs by rain and wind . 
 lightning crackled across the sky , booming with thunder . 
 the storm worsened . 
 bone tired , gray began to have further doubts about his plan . 
 since leaving delhi earlier in the day , he 'd been unable to contact sigma . 
 they 'd lost the team 's satellite phone during the assault at the hotel . 
 the prepaid cell phone he 'd purchased in delhi had no reception in this remote area . 
 they were on their own . 
 and while gray normally preferred to operate with as little oversight as possible , he had the civilians to consider . 
 abe set out toward a narrow ravine cut into the cliff . 
 a creek flowed down the center of it , chugging leadenly with runoff . 
 a narrow path bordered it , with sheer walls rising to either side . 
 gray followed abe to the path . 
 once in the canyon , the rains lessened , as the winds were blocked . 
 still , water poured down the walls . 
 the creek 's rumble , trapped in the ravine , grew louder . 
 they continued single file . 
 the canyon zigzagged like a thunderbolt , growing narrower and taller as it cut into the high hills . 
 abe narrated as he walked . 
 `` our people sometimes retreat here during times of persecution . 
 my great-grandfather told stories of purges , where entire villages were destroyed . 
 those who escaped fled here to hide . '' 
 no wonder the achuta keep this place secret , gray thought . 
 `` but these walls do not guarantee protection , '' abe added cryptically . 
 `` not forever . '' 
 gray glanced to him , but abe stepped ahead to where the canyon split into two courses . 
 abe ran his hand along one wall , as if assuring himself of something-then continued onward to the left . 
 gray fingered where abe had touched . 
 there was writing inscribed into the wall , barely visible through the rain , just shadows on the rock . 
 elizabeth studied the writing closer . 
 `` harappan , '' she said , surprised , and stared around her . 
 `` we must be in the outer edges of the indus valley . 
 a great civilization once made their home here . '' 
 masterson agreed with a nod . 
 `` the harappans lived along the indus river five thousand years ago , leaving behind the ruins of sophisticated cities and temples . 
 you can find them throughout the region . 
 perhaps our young hindu friend mistook one of the old harappan ruins for the temple inscribed on the strange coin . '' 
 gray continued onward . 
 `` there 's only one way to find out . '' 
 after another two turns , the canyon suddenly widened into a small bowl . 
 water tumbled into it on the far side , dumping over a short cliff and into a pool that fed the creek they 'd been following . 
 abe stopped and waved an arm around the bowl . 
 `` we are here . '' 
 gray frowned . 
 the canyon was empty-then lightning crackled with a brilliant display that lit the basin . 
 silvery light bathed the cliffs and reflected off the central pool . 
 all around the bowl , the sandstone walls had been dug out into notched tiers . 
 each level sheltered cliff-dwelling homes . 
 they climbed from floor to the lip that overhung the valley . 
 sections of homes had broken away over the centuries into boulders and rubble . 
 it reminded gray of the cliff dwellings of the anasazi indians . 
 but from the style of architecture , no indians-neither native americans nor the peoples of india-had built these dwellings . 
 gray stepped forward and turned in a circle . 
 the facades of the homes were white marble , stark against the darker stone . 
 the cliffs , composed of softer sandstone , had long been worn down by centuries of wind and rain . 
 the homes looked like they grew straight out of the walls . 
 the white marble reminded gray of fossilized skeletons jutting out of a cliff face . 
 despite being half swallowed by the storm-melted walls , the basic architectural elements of the marble structures were still evident . 
 low triangular roofs supported fluted columns . 
 carvings and sculptures , long softened by age , decorated pediments and cornices . 
 there was no doubt as to the source of the architecture . 
 `` it 's greek , '' elizabeth said with awe . 
 she stared around , water streaming down her face . 
 `` a greek temple complex . 
 hidden here . '' 
 masterson stood beside her . 
 he had his sodden hat in hand and combed his fingers through his soaked white hair . 
 `` simply amazing . 
 archibald , you old fool , you could 've told me ... '' gray also gaped , wonder washing away his exhaustion . 
 elizabeth pointed . 
 `` that 's a temple in antis , one of the simplest greek architectural units . 
 over there 's a later-era prostyle structure . 
 and look at that rounded facade of columns . 
 it must mark a tholos , a circular temple , burrowed into the cliff . '' 
 while she spoke , gray 's attention focused upon a structure on the far side of the bowl . 
 his heart beat harder . 
 a temple lay halfway up the cliff face . 
 boulders were strewn at the foot of it , marking where a part of the canyon 's lip had cracked and fallen . 
 rainwater flowed through the upper crack and streamed across the front of the temple , giving it a watery , illusory appearance . 
 but there was no mistaking it . 
 six columns supported a triangular roof and framed a dark doorway . 
 `` just like on the coin , '' rosauro said , noting his attention . 
 abe headed toward the tall temple . 
 `` that is not all . '' 
 straining with curiosity , gray followed and dragged the wet party with him . 
 once they reached the pile of boulders , abe crossed to one side and waved them to follow . 
 he mounted the stack of boulders and clambered higher . 
 he seemed to know a path up the rubble . 
 climbing single file , they followed the hindu man . 
 elizabeth and masterson continued an ongoing dialogue . 
 `` why do you think they built the temple complex here ? 
 and in such an odd manner ? '' 
 `` they were clearly hiding , '' masterson said . 
 `` it 's a bloody hard place to find , especially buried into these walls . 
 but i 've seen similar cliff-dwelling arrangements among the harappan ruins deeper in the indus valley . 
 perhaps these builders took over an old harappan site , modified it to their tastes . '' 
 `` that could be . 
 it was common for one civilization to build atop another . '' 
 as they talked , gray stared at the temple . 
 closer now , he saw that what he 'd thought were black shadows on the marble columns were actually old scorch marks . 
 finer details emerged . 
 cracks and fissures marred the facade ; one large section of the upper pediment had broken away . 
 gray suspected the damage was not from age alone . 
 it looked like an ancient battle had been fought here . 
 ahead , abe jumped off the top boulder and climbed between two pillars . 
 gray went next and shimmied onto the marble floor of the temple , finally out of the rain . 
 the six support columns stood a yard from the building they fronted , creating a small porch . 
 he stood to make room for the others . 
 kowalski and luca helped elizabeth and masterson . 
 rosauro came last , burdened with a pack . 
 with everyone gathered , gray headed to the door , but abe knelt for a moment and whispered a prayer . 
 gray waited , sensing to do otherwise would be like trespassing . 
 abe stood and nodded . 
 gray took out a small flashlight and flicked it on . 
 he entered first , his light blazing into the dark interior . 
 the chamber was large and perfectly square , twenty feet on a side and again as tall . 
 more columns lined the walls , several broken into rubble . 
 dug out of the center of the floor was a fire pit , deeply blackened . 
 to either side , arched openings led into side chambers , like chapels in a church . 
 gray noted something piled in the smaller rooms . 
 he shifted for a closer look as the others entered the temple . 
 abe kept to the side , his arms crossed nervously . 
 he did n't follow . 
 as gray pointed his flashlight , he understood the hindu man 's reluctance . 
 bones filled the room , stacked like cords of wood , topped by hundreds of skulls . 
 all human . 
 from the rotted appearance and yellowing , the skeletons were ancient . 
 gray pictured the scorch marks on the building . 
 abe spoke . 
 `` we were told stories , passed from father to son , mother to daughter . 
 of a great battle here . 
 a thousand years ago . 
 it is told how our ancestors found this place full of bones . 
 in honor of the dead , we gathered their remains and interred them in these temples . '' 
 he waved toward the bowl outside . 
 `` there are many more bones out there . '' 
 gray turned away from the room . 
 someone had discovered these people and massacred them . 
 he remembered abe 's cryptic words from earlier . 
 these walls do not guarantee protection . 
 not forever . 
 the fate of the original inhabitants was a warning to abe 's people . 
 it was a good place to hide , but one could not escape the world forever . 
 gray stepped over to the only other feature in the room . 
 like the temple facade , this feature was also depicted on the coin . 
 gray crossed to the back wall and shone his light across its surface . 
 the wall of creamy marble had been inset with stark black stone , forming a familiar symbol , climbing twenty feet tall . 
 `` a chakra wheel , '' elizabeth said , mystified . 
 she pulled out a pocket-size digital camera and began taking pictures . 
 `` like the other side of the coin . '' 
 luca ran a hand along the wall . 
 gray could read his thoughts . 
 was this the ancient symbol that was the source of the romani emblem ? 
 had archibald polk wondered the same ? 
 kowalski sighed , clearly not impressed with the room . 
 `` what a let-down . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 elizabeth chided . 
 `` this is the archaeological and anthropological discovery of a lifetime . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` yeah , but so what ? 
 where 's all the gold and jewels ? '' 
 gray hated to admit it , but he agreed with kowalski . 
 he stepped away . 
 he swung the flashlight in a full circle around the chamber . 
 something was missing , but it was n't gold or precious gems . 
 rosauro joined him . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` something 's not here , '' he mumbled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 others heard them in the confined space . 
 they stared over . 
 gray made one more circle . 
 `` on the coin ... there was that prominent e ? 
 the greek letter epsilon . '' 
 `` he 's right , '' elizabeth said . 
 gray wiped drips of rain from his face . 
 `` everything on the coin is found here-the temple facade , the chakra wheel-so where is the greek letter ? '' 
 `` it 's one minor detail , '' masterson said . 
 `` what does it matter ? '' 
 `` it 's not minor , '' elizabeth argued . 
 `` someone had gone to a lot of trouble to mimic the temple complex at delphi . 
 what we saw outside ... the temple in antis was the shape of the delphi 's treasury buildings , the round tholos temple looked like a fair facsimile of the one built to worship athena at delphi . 
 and this place here . 
 the exterior and interior are how the oracle 's temple was laid out . 
 and the e was one of its most prominent decorations . '' 
 gray recalled his discussion with painter , about how the delphic e grew to symbolize a cult of prophecy , a code trailing throughout history in art and architecture . 
 luca stepped forward . 
 `` i may also know of this letter . '' 
 gray turned to the gypsy clan leader . 
 `` i told you of the children who were stolen from us , '' he said . 
 `` those of my people who first came upon the massacred camp spoke of a stone church there . 
 the door had been broken open , but upon the shattered planks a large bronze e was found . 
 no one knew what it meant . 
 the only ones who knew were buried in that mass grave . 
 the secret died with them . 
 perhaps this is the same e ? '' 
 marking the chovihanis , gray thought . 
 gypsy fortune-tellers . 
 another cult of prophecy . 
 `` all well and good , '' masterson persisted , plainly growing tired , too . 
 `` but what does it matter if the e is missing here ? '' 
 `` maybe nothing , '' gray admitted , but he said it with little conviction . 
 he turned to abe . 
 `` when did you first show dr. polk this site ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i took dr. polk here the first time a year ago . 
 he looked around , took notes , and left . '' 
 elizabeth 's eyes looked wounded . 
 `` he did n't tell me anything about this discovery . '' 
 `` because he respected our secrets , '' abe said stiffly . 
 `` he was a good man . '' 
 gray studied masterson 's sour expression . 
 the professor had initially been surprised by the discovery , but after the shock faded and he found no real worth to his own line of research , his interest had waned . 
 had dr. polk experienced the same ? 
 the archaeological discovery was significant , but because he could n't connect it to his own research , he 'd respected the achuta 's secret and had kept quiet about it . 
 if so , why the sudden urgency to come out here just before he disappeared ? 
 he must have discovered some new connection , something bearing on his own line of study . 
 gray asked abe , `` was there anything that triggered dr. polk 's sudden need to come here ? 
 anything unusual that led up to that day ? '' 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` he came to visit the village . 
 like he had done many times . 
 we were talking about an upcoming election where an achuta candidate was up for a mayoral position . 
 i had found a new coin and showed him , but he asked to see the one with the temple on it again . 
 he glanced at it without too much interest , even spinning it on the table as we spoke . 
 then suddenly his eyes got huge , and he jumped up . 
 he wanted to immediately come here , but i had obligations with the election . 
 i asked him to wait until i returned ... '' his voice trailed off and was picked up by elizabeth . 
 `` my father was not known for his patience . '' 
 masterson nodded . 
 `` that was the day i got the frantic call from him . 
 he claimed that he had discovered something that would shake our understanding of the human mind once it was known . '' 
 as an idea jangled through him , gray turned to rosauro . 
 `` let me see that coin again . '' 
 she passed it over . 
 gray examined it : temple on one side , chakra wheel on the other . 
 `` elizabeth , you said your father obtained that position for you at delphi so you could explore how it might connect to his own research . 
 what did you end up telling him about delphi 's history ? '' 
 `` just the basics , '' she said . 
 `` he was less interested in the history than he was in the discovery of ethylene gases near the temple site . 
 my father wanted more details into the oracle 's rituals , looking again for physiological support for her intuitive powers . '' 
 `` so if he was n't interested in the history , when did he learn about the significance of the greek letter epsilon ? '' 
 `` i sent him a paper on it . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` about a month before he - '' her eyes suddenly widened . 
 gray nodded . 
 he knelt on the marble floor and placed his flashlight down . 
 propping the coin up on its edge , gray flicked it and sent it spinning on the floor , lit by the flashlight beam . 
 he leaned down , studying it . 
 the spinning coin formed a blurry , silvery globe . 
 the e , positioned in the center of the coin , now rested at the core of the whirling globe . 
 gray sensed the symbolism . 
 painter had said that the e may have had its roots in the earliest worship of the earth mother , gaia . 
 now it rested at the center of the silvery sphere , like gaia herself in the physical world . 
 but the letter also represented human 's intuitive potential , rising out of the core of the human body , out of the brain . 
 gray let his own mind relax , seeking significance . 
 what had archibald polk realized ? 
 the coin spun , a silvery mystery , hiding an ancient secret . 
 but what - ? 
 then gray knew . 
 reaching out , he slapped the coin flat against the marble . 
 of course ! 
 11:35 p.m. pripyat , ukraine `` the americans have sasha , '' nicolas said sharply as he stepped into the bedroom . 
 he was naked under an open robe , but his anger kept him warm . 
 elena lay draped across the bedspread , nude . 
 she had one leg up , and an arm draped to the side , waiting for him . 
 they had returned from the gala to their hotel outside the chernobyl exclusion zone , where many of the dignitaries were being housed prior to tomorrow 's event . 
 nicolas had spent the past half hour on a scrambled satellite phone , making sure every last detail was addressed before the morning . 
 a call to his mother at the warren revealed the latest bit of upsetting news . 
 with her ties to former operatives in the kgb , she had heard the rumblings coming out of washington 's intelligence communities . 
 the city had been in turmoil over the past twenty hours , searching for a girl . 
 it must be sasha . 
 then things had gone deathly quiet . 
 even yuri went silent . 
 both he and his mother knew what that implied . 
 someone had found her . 
 and nicolas suspected who it was . 
 his fingers clenched into a fist . 
 it was likely the same organization that had been plaguing him in india , dredging up dr. polk 's research , stirring something that nicolas had thought had ended with the man 's death . 
 one attempt to quash that trail had already failed . 
 but maybe it was just as well . 
 he 'd had one communication , brief , after the failure . 
 it seemed the team in india was closing in on a secret that dr. polk had kept from everyone . 
 something vital to the professor 's research . 
 something significant about the children . 
 but what ? 
 elena stirred on the bed and lifted to an elbow . 
 concern rang in her voice . 
 `` what will you do about little sasha ? '' 
 nicolas knew all the children grew close . 
 raised together in the warren , the older children often took on parental roles with the younger ones . 
 elena had been especially fond of little sasha and her brother . 
 the pair was important to nicolas , too . 
 he sank to the bed , and she curled into him , worried and angry . 
 one of her hands slid up under his robe and rested on his thigh . 
 her skin was hot , feverish . 
 he had kept her waiting too long . 
 then long fingernails suddenly clamped onto his thigh , stabbing deeply . 
 elena stared up at him . 
 fire burned behind her eyes , waiting to be unleashed . 
 a trickle of blood ran down nicolas 's inner thigh , as exciting as the tip of a hungry tongue . 
 a hard certainty entered elena 's voice . 
 it brooked no argument , demanding , commanding . 
 `` nothing must happen to little sasha . '' 
 her fingers tightened yet again , sending pain shooting to his groin . 
 he gasped and promised her . 
 `` measures are already under way . 
 all we need - '' nails dragged up his leg , trailing pain . '' 
 - is something to trade . '' 
 11:45 p.m. punjab , india as thunder boomed and lightning lit up the temple chamber , elizabeth followed gray to the giant chakra wheel on the wall . 
 he laid his palm there . 
 since spinning the coin , he had clearly come to realize something . 
 but what ? 
 gray spoke as he stared upward . 
 `` from my studies of indian philosophy , the center of a chakra wheel usually holds a sanskrit letter , representing one of the energy centers . 
 muladhara , the root chakra at the base of the spine . 
 manipura , in the region of the solar plexus . 
 anahata , the heart . '' 
 he stared upward . 
 `` this one is empty . 
 blank . '' 
 `` the same on the coin , '' elizabeth said tentatively , not understanding where this was leading . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 gray had collected the coin and passed it to her now . 
 `` but flip the coin over . 
 if you could stare through the center of the chakra wheel to the other side of the coin , what 's positioned there ? '' 
 elizabeth turned the coin back and forth . 
 the capital epsilon lay in the center of the temple , in the exact position as the axle of the chakra wheel on the other side . 
 `` it 's the e , '' she mumbled . 
 `` it stands on the reverse side of the wheel . '' 
 gray turned to masterson . 
 `` may i borrow your cane ? '' 
 the professor passed it reluctantly . 
 gray stepped back , reached up , and pushed on the edge of the center circle of black marble . 
 his muscles strained , and the small circle shifted out of place , pivoting around a vertical axis , like a valve in a pipe . 
 `` a secret door , '' masterson exclaimed . 
 gray waved to kowalski . 
 `` give me a leg up . '' 
 kowalski crossed , dropped to a knee , and laced his fingers . 
 gray stepped into his grip and climbed high enough to shove the balanced slab of marble wider open . 
 the lower edge of the secret door stood ten feet off the ground . 
 with kowalski 's boost , gray wiggled through the opening . 
 `` there 're stairs ! '' 
 he called back as his legs vanished . 
 `` leading down ! 
 cut into the sandstone back here ! '' 
 elizabeth could hardly wait . 
 she crossed to kowalski . 
 `` help me . '' 
 she stepped to his knee , but he grabbed her by the waist and lifted her up . 
 she squeaked a little in surprise . 
 he was strong . 
 she grabbed the edge of the opening to steady herself and blindly sought for a foothold to push through the door . 
 `` ow , that 's my nose , '' kowalski griped . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he grabbed her ankle and shifted it to his shoulder . 
 she shoved and fell the rest of the way through . 
 she found gray down a few steps , shining his light over the walls . 
 writing decorated all the surfaces , a mix of shapes and letters . 
 `` harappan again , '' she said with a strain , and gained her feet . 
 `` and look at this , '' gray said . 
 he swung his flashlight and shone it on the reverse side of the black marble door . 
 a large capital epsilon had been carved deep into the stone . 
 he 'd been right . 
 elizabeth freed her camera and took several pictures while rosauro and luca joined them , crowding the stairs . 
 gray leaned out . 
 `` dr. masterson ? '' 
 through the opening , elizabeth saw the professor back away . 
 `` such clambering is for younger folk than i , '' he said , clearly exhausted , limping back with his cane . 
 `` just let me know what you find . '' 
 `` i 'll remain here , too , '' abe added , but his voice sounded more scared than tired . 
 elizabeth had noted how nervous he had grown the closer they got to here . 
 gray called down . 
 `` kowalski , stay here . 
 in case we get into trouble . '' 
 `` fine by me , '' he answered . 
 `` doubt i could fit through there anyway . '' 
 kowalski 's eyes flicked to elizabeth . 
 he nodded , silently warning her to be careful . 
 thunder again rumbled , felt in the stones . 
 `` let 's go , '' gray said . 
 he led the way down with his flashlight . 
 elizabeth followed , trailed by rosauro and luca . 
 her fingers traced the wall . 
 harappan script flowed down the stairwell . 
 the ancient language had never been deciphered , mostly because of the scarcity of the script that survived . 
 archaeologists were still searching for the rosetta stone for this language , some codex that would allow them to crack their ancient code . 
 she gazed around her . 
 this could be it . 
 thrilled and amazed , her heart thumped in her chest . 
 she was surprised no one else could hear it . 
 at the same time , she pictured her father following these same footsteps . 
 she imagined his heart had thundered the same as hers . 
 in this moment , she felt a strange intimacy , a closeness they 'd never shared in life . 
 and never would . 
 her throat closed a bit as emotion racked through her . 
 the stairwell was not long and ended in a small chamber , cut from the sandstone . 
 water gurgled and echoed on the far side . 
 a natural spring poured out of a knee-high hole in the wall and flowed through a crack in the floor , then vanished out the opposite wall . 
 `` a harappan well cave , '' elizabeth said , recognizing the configuration . 
 `` living alongside the indus river , the civilization grew skilled at irrigation . '' 
 gray shone his light around the space . 
 it was crudely circular . 
 cut into the stone floor was another chakra wheel . 
 but the center of this one was n't empty . 
 a large egg-shaped stone rested there . 
 `` it 's a copy of the omphalos , '' elizabeth said . 
 she and the others were drawn to it . 
 it stood as high as her midriff and was twice as large as the one from the delphi museum . 
 the dome 's outer surface was carved with trees and leaves . 
 elizabeth swallowed hard and stared around her . 
 `` someone has re-created the original adytum , the inner sanctum of the oracle , where she cast her prophecies . '' 
 elizabeth stepped over to a toppled bronze chair . 
 it had three legs . 
 `` here 's a tripod . 
 the classical seat of the oracle . '' 
 `` or oracles . '' 
 gray had wandered a few steps away . 
 he pointed his flashlight to more toppled chairs . 
 five total . 
 elizabeth snapped several pictures . 
 what was this place ? 
 what was it doing here ? 
 rosauro called from the wall , hiking up her pack . 
 `` you might want to see this , '' she said . 
 luca stood farther down the wall . 
 his arm was raised to the surface , but not touching . 
 even in the shadows , elizabeth noted how his hand shook . 
 elizabeth crossed to rosauro . 
 a mosaic , nearly black with age , covered the wall . 
 several tiles littered the floor , fallen away . 
 someone had wiped sections of the mosaic down , removing centuries of mold and grime . 
 it looked hastily done . 
 elizabeth imagined her father swabbing a cloth over the artwork , seeking what lay beneath . 
 she stared at what was revealed . 
 from floor to ceiling , it depicted a siege on a temple set amid mountains . 
 `` parnassus , '' elizabeth mumbled . 
 `` under attack by romans . 
 it 's showing the downfall of the temple of delphi . '' 
 the next section revealed a room not unlike the one they were in , even with an omphalos in the center-but the stone was shown in cross section . 
 hidden beneath its dome crouched a small girl , cradled in the arms of a young woman , curled tight together as a roman soldier searched for them . 
 elizabeth glanced to the stone behind her . 
 it could n't be ... she stepped along the wall . 
 the next tableaux revealed a caravan of horses , donkeys , and carts . 
 at the head of the train , the same slender woman led the child . 
 the long caravan climbed up and over a mountain . 
 the last cart was hauled by two fiery stallions , clearly representing the steeds who drew apollo 's sun chariot across the skies . 
 but they were not dragging the sun here . 
 in the back of the cart rested the same stone that had protected the woman and child . 
 the omphalos of delphi . 
 elizabeth turned and faced the stone behind her . 
 she trembled all over . 
 `` that 's not a copy , '' she said with a shudder . 
 `` that 's the original omphalos . 
 the one spoken of in the histories of plutarch and socrates . '' 
 `` and see this , '' rosauro said . 
 the woman drew elizabeth to the next scene . 
 it was a picture of the canyon , a joyous scene of the greeks building temples into the cliffs . 
 the adytum was also depicted , but instead of one oracle seated atop a tripod , there were five . 
 they circled the omphalos , which smoked like a volcano from the hole at its top . 
 the smoke formed a figure of a young boy with outstretched arms . 
 his eyes were fire , and flames climbed from his open palms . 
 was the boy indicative of prophecy in general or something more specific ? 
 either way , elizabeth found those fiery eyes staring back at her . 
 at her shoulder , gray had also followed the story . 
 he waved an arm along the wall , encompassing the tale . 
 `` the last oracle , the child , must have been spirited away after the downfall of the temple . 
 in secret , the greek temple guardians and supporters fled the roman persecution and settled here , where they rebuilt among these harappan ruins , and stayed hidden . '' 
 elizabeth remembered abe 's story of this place . 
 `` they remained safe for seven hundred years , perhaps intermingling with the local tribes in secret . 
 and after so many generations , the greeks were slowly absorbed into the indian culture . '' 
 `` then they grew afoul of religious persecution and the growing indian caste system , '' gray said . 
 `` all the bones . 
 a massacre occurred here . '' 
 luca spoke at the end of the wall . 
 `` and they fled again , '' he said . 
 they joined him . 
 he stood a step from the churning spring . 
 the art here was not mosaic tiles , but someone had painted a hurried frieze . 
 it was done in black paint , showing the attack of the temples . 
 people fled in all directions , but one group , highlighted by radiant streaks , escaped in a caravan of tall wagons with large wheels . 
 it faded smaller and smaller across the wall , heading far away . 
 luca placed his fingers gently to the wagons . 
 his voice cracked with emotion . 
 `` these are our people , '' he said . 
 `` the romani . 
 this is where we came from . 
 this is our origin . '' 
 gray shifted back . 
 he stared across the wall , his face stunned . 
 the greek guardians escaped with the last child and the omphalos , hiding in this valley and absorbing over the span of seven centuries into indian culture , then that same culture persecuted them and sent them wandering once again , but under a new name . 
 gypsies . 
 gray waved an arm to encompass the wall . 
 `` the story depicted here must trace a genetic line that has been preserved throughout history . 
 flowing from greece , to here , and out again . 
 a genetic line of savant power . '' 
 `` this is why we wander , '' luca said , still staring at the caravan . 
 `` as the hindu man said , no place is safe forever . 
 so we kept moving , trying to protect the secret held within the heart of our clans . '' 
 `` until the secret was stolen from you , '' gray said . 
 `` a secret that trails all the way back to delphi , '' elizabeth added . 
 she pictured the child back in washington . 
 could she truly be a descendant of the last oracle of delphi ? 
 rosauro stepped to the fresco and pointed to the lines of other figures fleeing the besieged complex in various directions . 
 `` these refugees , '' she said to elizabeth . 
 `` this must be why your father found all the genetic trails led to this region , why the markers are so concentrated in this area , especially among the lower castes . 
 it 's where the refugees were absorbed into the populace . '' 
 as they talked , gray had crossed down the wall one more time , studying each image more closely . 
 he came to the last mosaic , the one with the fiery boy . 
 `` there 's writing below here , '' he said . 
 elizabeth stepped closer . 
 there were three lines . 
 the topmost was a handsome line of harappan script , the next line sanskrit , the last greek . 
 below the lines rested another chakra wheel . 
 `` i ca n't read the harappan hieroglyphics , '' she said . 
 `` no one can . 
 and below that , i can make out only the first few words of the sanskrit and greek . 
 the rest has been worn away . 
 what i can translate , reads ` the world will burn ... ' '' she took some snapshots , especially of the fiery figure . 
 `` the rest is lost . '' 
 gray leaned lower and touched the chakra wheel inscribed below the lines . 
 `` this must be important . 
 it 's repeated over and over . '' 
 he straightened and turned toward the larger chakra wheel carved into the floor . 
 the omphalos rested at its center . 
 elizabeth could almost read gray 's mind . 
 if the chakra was important , then what lay at its center must be doubly so . 
 the man 's eyes narrowed as he stalked over to the stone . 
 they 'd only given it a cursory glance . 
 `` your father hid the skull inside the stone at the museum . 
 maybe there was a reason . '' 
 gray climbed on top of the domed omphalos . 
 `` be careful , '' elizabeth squeaked out , fearful of marring the piece of ancient history . 
 she circled the stone and noted the bottom rim was inscribed with three languages again : harappan , sanskrit , and greek . 
 she took more pictures . 
 balancing on top of the omphalos , gray shone his light down through the hole and into its hollow heart . 
 `` what do you see ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` gold ... in the shape of two eagles . '' 
 elizabeth 's breath shortened . 
 `` are they facing away from each other ? '' 
 gray glanced back to her . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` it 's another lost artifact from delphi , representing zeus 's eagles . 
 according to mythology , the pair was sent in opposite directions from his shoulders to pinpoint the center of the world . 
 they came to roost at delphi , marking the navel of the world . '' 
 `` your father surely must have found them , too . '' 
 gray reached inside . 
 `` maybe there 's some reason they 're hidden here , the same reason your father hid the skull in the omphalos at the museum . '' 
 as he strained , elizabeth edged around the stone , continuing her translation of the three lines . 
 `` i think i can reach them ... , '' gray said . 
 elizabeth mumbled the words found there , tracing each letter with her finger . '' 
 ` greed and blasphemy bring doom to all . ' '' 
 elizabeth stopped . 
 oh , no ! 
 `` got it , '' gray said as he reached the golden idols . 
 elizabeth snapped straight . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 startled , gray slipped . 
 something loud thumped inside the stone , followed by a thunderous crack underfoot . 
 a low roar followed , coming from the rear of the chamber , growing in volume , like a freight train barreling toward them . 
 everyone froze for a breath , then gray shoved an arm toward the stairs . 
 `` everybody out ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 too late . 
 from the spring 's hole , an explosion of water blasted out with the power of a fire hose-in a column two feet thick . 
 fissures skittered across the wall , radiating out from the opening . 
 a man-made flash flood . 
 the water smashed against the far wall and swept into the room , knocking them all off their feet with the force of its current . 
 elizabeth tangled into the others as the room swelled rapidly with icy water . 
 gray nabbed her elbow and dragged her toward the stairs . 
 `` a trap ... '' she coughed in shock . 
 `` pressure switch ! 
 my father ... tried to warn us ... '' gray cried . 
 `` out ! 
 out ! '' 
 she climbed the first few stairs on hands and feet . 
 behind her , gray fished luca out of the water and shoved him toward the stairs . 
 the level had already climbed to the top of her thighs and rose higher with every breath . 
 gray remained below , braced in the stairwell opening , searching the small cave . 
 elizabeth knew why . 
 where was rosauro ? 
 gray had lost sight of her . 
 she had been closest to the spring when it blew . 
 the blasting water swirled like a whirlpool in the cavern and reflected his flashlight 's beam . 
 he could not see beneath the surface . 
 by now , the water had climbed to his waist . 
 still , rosauro should be able to stand , and even if knocked out , her body should be buoyant enough to reveal her location . 
 unless ... gray turned to luca and held out his arm . 
 `` your dagger ! '' 
 with a flash of silver , a blade appeared in the gypsy 's hand . 
 he slapped the grip into gray 's palm . 
 in turn , gray tossed him the flashlight . 
 `` hold the beam underwater ! '' 
 he ordered and dove out into the growing lake . 
 the current grabbed him and whipped him around the edge of the room . 
 he did n't fight it . 
 he let the force churn him to the far side of the cave . 
 he knew when he 'd reached it , sensing the raw power of the jetting spring below . 
 he twisted and kicked toward the opposite wall . 
 conscious or not , only one thing could be holding rosauro down beneath the water . 
 pressure . 
 gray dove to where the spring had drained out of the cavern . 
 in the dim light of the flashlight , he spotted a struggling form trapped in the drainage slot . 
 rosauro had been sucked tight against the hole , one arm swallowed down its throat . 
 gray heard of people drowning , pinned to swimming pool drains . 
 this was a force a hundred times as fierce . 
 gray grabbed her free arm and pulled himself down to her . 
 he braced his legs to either side of the trough . 
 she stared up at him . 
 even in the weak light , he saw the raw panic on her face . 
 gray slashed out with the dagger . 
 he 'd lost one teammate to drowning-he was n't about to lose another . 
 the blade sliced through the straps of rosauro 's backpack . 
 half the bag had been sucked into the hole , holding her trapped . 
 once cut free , gray dropped the dagger , grabbed her around the chest , and heaved with his legs . 
 for a moment , she remained stuck . 
 then the pack shifted deeper into the hole , weakening the pressure enough for gray to pop her out . 
 he tumbled back with her in his arms . 
 he let the spin of the current carry them toward the light and the stairwell . 
 the water had risen to within a foot of the roof . 
 a grinding boom of stone echoed . 
 the current suddenly slammed harder as the cavern wall gave way behind him . 
 surging forward , gray kicked off the bottom and up into the flooded stairwell . 
 gasping , he surfaced into luca 's arms . 
 luca helped gray haul rosauro up the stairs . 
 she coughed and choked . 
 water spilled from her lips . 
 but she took deep gulping breaths between . 
 she used one breath to spit out a curse in spanish that would burn even the hairs off kowalski 's ears . 
 behind them , the chamber flooded to the roof , and the water level suddenly churned up after them . 
 `` time to go , '' gray said . 
 he pulled rosauro to her feet and waved elizabeth and luca ahead . 
 rosauro was weak-kneed , but with water surging at their heels , she steadied enough to run on her own . 
 still , she cradled her left arm , strained from the suction . 
 they fled upward , chased by a flume of rising floodwaters . 
 reaching the top , elizabeth slithered backward out the opening , hung from her hands , then dropped to the floor below . 
 `` go ! '' 
 gray called to luca when the man hesitated . 
 luca obeyed and disappeared . 
 gray helped rosauro through the black marble door . 
 she dangled from her good arm , then dropped . 
 gray followed her as water flooded the last step and washed over him in a wave . 
 he leaped away , clearing his fingers a second before the surge of water struck the door and slammed it closed . 
 he landed and stared up . 
 with the marble door cut at an angle , it could only rotate in one direction . 
 the water pressure now held it closed . 
 self-sealing . 
 turning , he heard a roar echoing from the canyon . 
 lightning flashed . 
 churning white water flowed across the valley floor . 
 the canyon was flooding , too , but this was a natural flood-not the consequence of gray 's ham-fisted fumbling . 
 he stared at the volume of water coursing through the canyon . 
 no wonder these buildings had been built into the cliffs . 
 gray realized one other thing . 
 luca had noted it , too , and whispered , `` where is everyone ? '' 
 as if hearing his question , masterson limped into view by the door , leaning on his cane . 
 he 'd been out of sight on the porch outside . 
 probably keeping an eye on the flooding waters with the others . 
 `` thank god , '' the professor said . 
 `` you 'd been down there bloody long enough . 
 what did you find ? '' 
 elizabeth stepped forward , excited . 
 `` the answers to everything ! 
 it was amazing . '' 
 `` it that right ? '' 
 behind masterson , more figures rushed into view . 
 others flooded in from the two side rooms . 
 they all wore black , bristling with assault weapons ready at their shoulders . 
 the russian commandos . 
 `` you 'll have to tell me all about it , '' masterson said . 
 `` since your father refused to . '' 
 kowalski was shoved into view at the outer door , hands on his head . 
 his right eyebrow was split , bleeding down his face . 
 soldiers forced him to his knees . 
 `` they killed abe , '' he growled out . 
 `` shot him like a dog . '' 
 masterson shrugged . 
 `` and why not ? 
 he was achuta . 
 dogs are treated better in india . '' 
 the soldiers spread out around them . 
 elizabeth stared at the professor , stunned , hardly able to speak . 
 still , heat fired through her words , realizing the depth of the betrayal here . 
 `` it was you ! 
 you betrayed my father ! '' 
 `` i had no choice , elizabeth . 
 he 'd been getting too close to the truth . '' 
 gray went cold . 
 he understood the game that had been played out here . 
 masterson had been paid to keep an eye on dr. polk 's research , to feed his data to his superiors ... but once elizabeth 's father got too close , he had to be taken out of the game . 
 who was behind it all ? 
 masterson must have recognized the icy fury in gray 's eyes . 
 he backed a step away , though there was nothing gray could do . 
 masterson waved his cane . 
 `` commander pierce , it seems for now you and the others are needed alive . 
 but maybe not the big fellow here . '' 
 he pointed his cane at kowalski . 
 `` kill him . '' 
 kowalski 's eyes got huge . 
 gray lunged forward , but three rifle barrels butted against his chest . 
 elizabeth shouted out , `` please , hayden , no ! 
 i beg you ! '' 
 gray heard the catch in her voice , so did masterson . 
 the professor glanced between elizabeth and kowalski-then rolled his eyes . 
 `` fine . 
 only because i owe your father . 
 but at the first sign of trouble from any of you , we start shooting . '' 
 masterson stared over to gray . 
 `` you wanted to know where archibald went ? '' 
 he turned and headed away . 
 `` you should be careful what you wish for . '' 
 third 15 september 7 , 5:05 a.m. southern ural mountains monk poled through the swamps as best he could with one hand . 
 but they dared not stop . 
 they 'd been hunted throughout the night . 
 stabilizing the oar-pole in the crook of his stumped arm , he pulled and shoved with his good hand . 
 the raft glided silently across the drowned landscape . 
 over the course of the night , his eyes had adjusted to the wan light from the moon . 
 he had grown skilled at maneuvering the raft . 
 they had several close calls as an airboat searched the swamps for them . 
 the whining noise of its fan and its bright searchlight gave monk plenty of warning to seek shelter . 
 also thick mists hung low over the water , which helped keep them hidden . 
 still , they 'd almost been caught once , when monk had misjudged a sluggish current and struck a tree with a loud crack . 
 the airboat had heard and come rushing over . 
 he tried his best to hide under the branches of a willow , but they were sure to be spotted if the searchers looked too closely . 
 their salvation came from an unexpected place . 
 as the airboat slowed and throttled down , kiska had folded her hands over her mouth , took a deep breath , then let out a low bleating complaint of an elk cow . 
 they 'd heard the calls periodically throughout the night . 
 monk remembered how the girl had demonstrated her talent , an ear for perfect pitch and mimicry , mirroring birdcalls with an uncanny accuracy . 
 the hunters had still searched , but less thoroughly , and moved onward after a minute . 
 still they could not count on such luck forever . 
 and worse yet , monk knew they were slowly being herded closer toward lake karachay and its pall of radioactivity . 
 the airboat swept the safer regions of the swamp , which only left them one recourse : to stray closer and closer in the direction of the lake . 
 every hour , monk risked lighting a single match to check the color of their dosimeters . 
 the pink warning had darkened to full red . 
 konstantin had informed monk matter-of-factly that one full day at that dosage was lethal . 
 as monk poled through floating rafts of weed and algae , his skin itched with the grainy sense that he was slowly being poisoned . 
 and the children were even more susceptible . 
 the trio slept fitfully , curled with marta on the raft . 
 an edge of terror kept them jumping at every croak and hoot from the nighttime swamp . 
 marta had finally taken to the trees . 
 she had done so periodically , even drawing off the hunters once by hooting and luring the airboat in the opposite direction . 
 her diversion bought them a full hour of reprieve . 
 she was one smart ape . 
 monk prayed she was as smart as he hoped-for a danger greater than the threat of radiation poisoning loomed . 
 to the east , the dark skies paled with the approach of dawn . 
 without the cover of night , they would quickly be discovered . 
 to survive , they had to find a way of escaping their tail . 
 that meant leaving a trail of bread crumbs . 
 konstantin and kiska had shredded the wrappings from their protein bars and gathered their empty water bottles . 
 as monk churned a path through the weeds , disturbing a clear track through the vegetation , the two children had dropped bits and pieces of garbage into the water . 
 `` not too much , '' monk warned in a whisper . 
 `` spread them farther apart . '' 
 monk had spent the last hour searching for the perfect spot in the dark swamp . 
 he 'd finally found it : a long curving course , lined by dense willow groves and black patches of fir trees . 
 their timing had to be perfect . 
 they would have only one shot . 
 but with the far shore still a good two miles away and dawn fast approaching , they were doomed if they did n't take the risk . 
 the final member of their party , pyotr , sat in the middle of the raft , his arms wrapped around his legs . 
 as he rocked in place , he stared toward the stern of the raft , as if watching his friends spread their bread crumbs , but monk knew the boy 's gaze stretched much farther . 
 reaching the end of the watery course , monk swung the pole to the front and prodded it deep . 
 he bolstered it with his shoulder and stopped the raft . 
 this is where they 'd make their stand . 
 borsakov sat next to the airboat 's pilot . 
 the seats were perched high above the flat-bottomed aluminum hull . 
 ahead of them crouched two of his soldiers ; one manned the searchlight at the boat 's prow , the other kept a rifle ready at his shoulder . 
 after five hours of searching , borsakov 's ears ached from all the noise . 
 behind him , the engine rumbled as the giant fan spun . 
 the broken metal guard over the blades rattled and banged with every turn . 
 the prop-wash that propelled the craft shook reeds and branches behind the boat . 
 the pilot wore the only set of earphones . 
 he rested one hand on the steering stick , the other on the throttle . 
 the smell of smoke and diesel fuel masked the mossy dampness of the swamp . 
 they idled through a shallow section of open water . 
 the searchlight swept the reeds that rimmed the edges . 
 over the course of the night , they 'd seen wild boar and elk , scared eagles from nests , glided past beaver dams and through clouds of insects . 
 their searchlight had reflected off thousands of smaller eyes , denizens of the swamp . 
 still , they 'd seen no sign of the escapees . 
 and on their last tank of fuel , they had until - a simian scream cut through the engine 's rumble . 
 it came from the right . 
 the soldiers at the prow heard it , too . 
 both searchlight and rifle swung in that direction . 
 borsakov touched the pilot 's shoulder and pointed . 
 in the flash of light , something large swung across a narrow gap in the treeline , then disappeared into the forest . 
 borsakov knew one of the laboratory animals had also vanished with the children . 
 a chimpanzee . 
 the engine roared louder as the pilot pushed the throttle stick forward . 
 the boat sped toward the gap , gliding up on a cushion of air . 
 the craft slowed as they reached the edge of the open water . 
 the reeds here were bent , where someone had pushed through to reach a side channel . 
 finally ... borsakov pointed ahead . 
 past the gap , a narrow channel snaked ahead , lined by willows and choked by floating patches of weed . 
 the craft sped up . 
 the searchlight swept to all sides , piercing through the darkness . 
 the rifleman reached down to the water and scooped up an empty plastic water bottle . 
 someone had definitely been through here . 
 borsakov waved the pilot to a faster clip , sensing his targets could n't be far . 
 the course ambled in gentle curves . 
 the boat followed swiftly , sweeping right and left . 
 the searchlight revealed more debris floating in the water , bits of trash and more bottles . 
 too much . 
 something was wrong here . 
 their prey had never been this foolish . 
 suspicious , borsakov reached to the pilot and squeezed his shoulder . 
 he motioned him to slow down . 
 monk heard the engine 's roar lower to a rumble . 
 crouched with the children , he watched the airboat glide into view around the last bend in the channel , plainly throttling down , going too slowly . 
 not good . 
 the searchlight speared forward , gliding across the water straight at them . 
 they would be spotted in a second . 
 their only hope - - from out of the dark forest to the left , a dark shadow leaped headlong over the boat . 
 it flew high , clearing the blades , but from its clenched feet , a handful of dark objects were tossed at the boat . 
 they struck the giant fan like bomb loads . 
 the shotgun shells from the cabin . 
 monk heard them pop against the blades . 
 the fan sliced through the plastic casings , which did n't ignite , but which still exploded outward with stinging birdshot . 
 cries erupted , half surprise and half pain as the crew was struck by flying pellets . 
 the pilot , high in his seat , ducked and dropped in fear . 
 he hit his stick , and the engine roared to life . 
 the boat kicked forward like a stung jackrabbit , off kilter by the turn . 
 the pilot wrested the control stick . 
 the searchlight blazed down the channel and swept over them , highlighting them in its brilliance . 
 monk saw the copilot scream and point . 
 too late , buddy . 
 the two soldiers in front were suddenly flung backward . 
 they struck the others . 
 tangled in a group , they hit the metal guard at the rear of the boat . 
 the airboat jackknifed into the air and barrel-rolled . 
 monk heard a scream of agony and a stuttered grind of blades . 
 blood and bone sprayed out of the back of the fan like a contrail-then the boat struck the water upside down , landing hard with a gasp of diesel smoke and a drowning choke from its engine . 
 the searchlight still glowed out of the murky water . 
 monk turned away . 
 earlier , with the children 's help , he had braided fishing line from the cabin into a translucent rope as thick as his finger-then he rigged it shoulder-height across the channel . 
 it had clotheslined the crew and flipped the unstable boat . 
 from out of the trees above the raft , marta dropped and landed leadenly to the planks . 
 pyotr was immediately in her arms . 
 she sat on her haunches , gasping , panting . 
 still , she hugged pyotr . 
 her eyes , though , were fixed on monk , glassy and bright in the moonlight . 
 monk nodded to her , grateful , yet at the same time , slightly unnerved . 
 he had needed the airboat to fly up the channel , drawn by the sure trail of their prey . 
 marta 's bombardment had been intended only as a distraction to keep them from seeing the rope strung across the channel . 
 she had done her job brilliantly . 
 pyotr clung to her . 
 after explaining the plan earlier , the boy had sat with marta and held out the shotgun shells . 
 he spoke slowly to her in russian , but monk suspected the true understanding between the pair arose from much deeper . 
 in the end , she had taken the shells in the toes of her feet , leaped into the trees , and vanished . 
 monk poled out across the next channel . 
 here a sluggish current propelled them onward . 
 toward the distant shore . 
 though relieved that his trap had worked , monk knew with certainty that they were sweeping toward even greater danger . 
 but he had no choice . 
 millions of lives were at stake . 
 still , monk studied marta and the three children . 
 to him , with no memory of another life , they were his world . 
 they were all that mattered . 
 he would do all he could to protect them . 
 as he urged the raft along the current , he recalled the painful flashback at the cabin as he had half drowsed . 
 the taste of cinnamon , soft lips ... what life had been stolen from him ? 
 and could he ever get it back ? 
 12:04 a.m. washington , d.c. just after midnight , kat hung up the phone and stood up from the table . 
 she glanced toward the window into the neighboring hospital room . 
 she had finished a conference call with director crowe and sean mcknight . 
 the two were up in painter 's office , waging an interdepartmental war from their bunker . 
 both men were engaged in a power struggle across the various intelligence agencies . 
 all over the fate of the girl . 
 kat , with her own background in the field , had offered what counsel she could , but she could do no more . 
 it was up to the two of them to find some way to thwart john mapplethorpe . 
 kat knew where she could do the most good . 
 she crossed toward the door that led into the hospital room . 
 it was guarded by an armed corpsman . 
 she paused by the window of one-way glass and stared into the room . 
 propped by pillows in the bed , sasha sat with a coloring book in her lap and a box of crayola crayons . 
 with an intravenous line still in her arm , she worked on a page , her face intent but calm . 
 sasha suddenly glanced up from her work and stared straight at kat . 
 the glass was mirrored on the other side ; there was no way the child could see that she was there . 
 but kat could not shake the sense that the girl was looking at her , could see her . 
 to one side , yuri sat in a chair . 
 he had pulled sasha from the brink of death , proving his skill . 
 he seemed as relieved as kat at the girl 's recovery . 
 satisfied and exhausted , he sat slumped in his seat , chin on his chest , lightly drowsing . 
 kat turned and nodded to the guard . 
 he had already unlocked the door and swung it open for her . 
 she crossed into the room . 
 mcbride still sat in the same chair . 
 he had only moved to make a few phone calls and to use the restroom , always under guard . 
 on the other side of the bed from yuri , lisa and malcolm stood , both with charts in hand . 
 they compared notes and numbers , as cryptic as any code . 
 lisa smiled at her as she joined them . 
 `` her recovery is remarkable . 
 i could spend years just studying the treatment regimen . '' 
 `` but it 's only a stopgap , '' kat said and nodded to yuri . 
 `` not a cure . '' 
 lisa 's expression sobered and turned back to the girl . 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 yuri had related the long-term prognosis for sasha . 
 her augment shortened her life span . 
 like a flame set to a candle , it would burn through her , wear her away to nothing . 
 the greater the talent , the hotter the flame . 
 kat had asked how long yuri expected the child to live . 
 the answer had turned her cold . 
 with her level of talent , another four or five years at best . 
 kat had balked at such a pronouncement . 
 contrarily , mcbride had seemed relieved , expressing his assurances that american ingenuity could surely double that life span , which still meant sasha would not reach her twentieth birthday . 
 lisa continued , `` the only hope for her is to remove the implant . 
 she would lose her ability , but she 'd also survive . '' 
 mcbride spoke up behind them . 
 `` she might survive , but in what state ? 
 the augment , besides heightening her savant talent , also minimizes the symptoms of her autism . 
 take the augment away , and you 'll be left with a child disconnected from the world . '' 
 `` that 's better than being in the grave , '' kat said . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 mcbride challenged her . 
 `` who are you to judge ? 
 with the augment , she has a full life , as short as that might be . 
 many children are born doomed from the start , given life sentences by medical conditions . 
 leukemia , aids , birth defects . 
 should n't we seek to give them the best quality of life , rather than quantity ? '' 
 kat scowled . 
 `` you only want to use her . '' 
 `` since when is mutual benefit such a bad thing ? '' 
 kat turned her back on him , frustrated with his arguments and justifications . 
 it was monstrous . 
 how could he rationalize any of this ? 
 especially with the life of a child in the balance . 
 sasha continued to work in her coloring book . 
 she drew with a dark green crayon . 
 her hand moved rapidly across the page , filling in one spot , then another , totally at random . 
 `` should she be coloring ? '' 
 kat asked . 
 yuri stirred , roused by their talking . 
 `` some release is good after such an episode , '' he mumbled , clearing his throat . 
 `` like opening a pressure valve . 
 as long as the augment is not activated remotely , triggering her , such calm work will ease her mentally . '' 
 `` well , she does seem happy , '' kat admitted . 
 as she worked , sasha 's face was relaxed with a faint ghost of a smile . 
 she straightened and reached a small hand to kat . 
 she spoke in russian and tugged at her sleeve with her tiny fingers . 
 kat glanced to yuri . 
 he offered a tired grin . 
 `` she said you should be happy , too . '' 
 sasha pushed her book toward kat , as if she wanted kat to join her in coloring the pages . 
 kat sank into a seat and accepted the book . 
 she frowned when she saw the girl had not been filling in lines but had been working on a blank page . 
 with amazing clarity , she had drawn a scene . 
 a man poled a wooden raft through a dark forest with a faint suggestion of other figures seated behind him . 
 kat 's hands began to tremble . 
 she saw who manned the raft . 
 she struggled to understand . 
 it looked like monk . 
 but she had no memory of monk ever being on a raft . 
 why would the girl draw such a thing ? 
 sasha must have sensed her distress . 
 her smile wilted to confusion . 
 her lips trembled , as though fearful she had done something wrong . 
 she stared from yuri to kat . 
 tears glistened . 
 she mumbled in russian , apologetic and scared . 
 yuri scooted closer and reassured her with the soft voice of a grandfather . 
 kat forced down her reaction-for the child 's sake . 
 still , her heart pounded . 
 she remembered seeing yuri stiffen when he saw the child 's earlier picture . 
 at the time , for a split second , she had thought maybe he had recognized the face on the paper , but that was impossible . 
 mcbride climbed out of his chair and approached the bed , plainly curious . 
 kat ignored him . 
 it was none of his business . 
 instead , her gaze fixed on yuri . 
 the man met her stare over the top of sasha 's head . 
 like the child , he wore an apologetic expression . 
 why would - a muffled explosion rocked through the facility , echoing down from above . 
 alarm bells rang out . 
 all eyes turned toward the ceiling , but kat leaped to her feet . 
 she was a fraction of a second too slow . 
 mcbride lunged out and grabbed dr. lisa cummings by her blond french braid . 
 he pulled her toward him while he backpedaled to the wall . 
 kat bryant grabbed for him but missed . 
 he slammed back into the corner , out of direct sight line from the door and the window . 
 his other hand pulled his cell phone from his jacket pocket . 
 he pressed a button on its side , and the top half flipped in his fingers , revealing a small barrel . 
 he shoved it hard against lisa 's throat , pointing it up toward her skull . 
 `` do n't move , '' he whispered in her ear . 
 cell phone guns had become the scourge of security forces . 
 but the device mapplethorpe had given him was state-of-the-art . 
 he could even take calls on it . 
 it had passed through the security search and scanner without a blip of concern . 
 chambered in .22 - caliber rounds , there was unfortunately a limit to the weapon . 
 `` i have five bullets ! '' 
 he shouted to the stunned room . 
 `` i will kill the doctor first-then the child . '' 
 a guard leveled a weapon at him , but he kept shielded behind lisa 's body . 
 `` drop your gun ! '' 
 he boomed at the man . 
 the guard kept his position , weapon never wavering . 
 `` no one has to die ! '' 
 mcbride said . 
 he nodded his head upward . 
 `` we only want the child . 
 so put down your pistol ! '' 
 kat straightened from her tumbled grab . 
 she had come close to nabbing him . 
 he would have to watch her closely . 
 in turn , she eyed him , studying him like a book . 
 still , the woman motioned for the guard to lower his weapon . 
 `` drop it and kick it over here ! '' 
 mcbride ordered . 
 with another nod from kat , the sidearm skittered over to his toes . 
 mcbride 's mission was simple : to secure the child until mapplethorpe and his forces arrived . 
 `` all we have to do is wait ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` so no sudden moves , no heroes . '' 
 as the explosion rocked though the subterranean bunker , painter instinctively turned to the wall monitor on his left . 
 the large screen displayed a live feed from sasha 's room . 
 painter shot to his feet . 
 his heart pounded , and his vision narrowed with fury . 
 he brought up the sound with a blind punch to his keyboard . 
 `` no sudden moves , no heroes ! '' 
 sean rose on the other side of the desk . 
 gunfire echoed down to them . 
 painter brought up the camera feed from the top level of sigma and displayed it on the screen behind his desk . 
 he tore his eyes away from lisa and checked the other monitor . 
 smoke filled the passageway . 
 helmeted figures in kevlar vests and face masks ran low through the pall , rifles on their shoulders . 
 `` i ca n't believe the bastard 's goddamn nerve , '' sean said . 
 there was no need to guess who he meant . 
 mapplethorpe . 
 `` they 're going for the girl , '' sean growled out . 
 a bullhorn echoed from the topmost level of sigma . 
 `` everyone down on the floor ! 
 any resistance will be met with deadly force ! '' 
 sean crossed to painter . 
 `` there 's no way this is sanctioned . 
 we would have been issued a stand-down order first . 
 the bastard 's gone rogue . '' 
 sean turned toward him . 
 `` you know what you have to do . '' 
 painter 's attention returned to lisa . 
 he saw the weapon pressed under her jaw , a tender neck he kissed each morning . 
 but he slowly nodded . 
 there was a fail-safe if sigma was ever under attack by a hostile force . 
 but first he needed to get his people out of harm 's way . 
 this war was between painter and mapplethorpe . 
 he picked up the phone . 
 `` brant . '' 
 `` sir ! '' 
 his aide 's voice was curt and ready . 
 `` sound protocol alpha . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 a new klaxon rang out , ordering all personnel to evacuate to the nearest emergency exit . 
 mapplethorpe just wanted a clear path to the child . 
 to protect his people , painter intended to provide that . 
 sean headed to the door . 
 `` i 'm going up . 
 i 'll attempt to negotiate , but if i fail ... '' `` understood . '' 
 painter turned , pulled a drawer , and removed a sig sauer p220 pistol . 
 `` take this . '' 
 sean shook his head . 
 `` firepower is n't going to get us out of this . '' 
 his friend left . 
 painter gripped the pistol and studied the screen . 
 he had one last duty to sigma . 
 he shifted to his computer and typed in the fail-safe code , then pressed his thumb to the fingerprint reader . 
 a red square appeared , layered over a blue schematic of the facility 's air-ventilation system . 
 the default countdown was set at fifteen minutes . 
 painter doubled the time and synchronized it with his watch to go active at 0100 . 
 he stared between the door and the wall screen . 
 he had a lot to accomplish in such a short time . 
 still ... typing rapidly , painter entered the final code to activate . 
 the numbers started counting down . 
 with pistol in hand , he ran for the door . 
 7:05 a.m. southern ural mountains as the sun first peeked over the surrounding mountains , monk shoved with his pole and drove the raft deep into the reeds . 
 the prow ground into a muddy bank . 
 at long last , they 'd made landfall , as soggy as that might be . 
 `` stay here , '' he ordered the kids . 
 using the pole , he tested for solid footing . 
 satisfied , he climbed off the raft , then turned and helped pyotr and kiska onto a hillock of grass nearby . 
 konstantin leaped on his own , as spry as ever , but the boy landed roughly . 
 his exhaustion showed in the dark lines under his eyes and the tremble as he stood . 
 marta fared little better , lunging with both legs and landing in a knuckled crouch . 
 monk waved them onward . 
 the way remained muddy and sodden for another quarter mile , but slowly the ground rose out of the swamp and firmed underfoot . 
 the forest shed the watery willows and stood taller with birches and spruces . 
 meadows opened , green with wild gentian and edelweiss . 
 they reached the top of a rise , and a clear view spread ahead of them . 
 a mile away , a small town , split by a silver-flowing creek , dotted the lower slope of the neighboring mountain . 
 monk studied the place . 
 it appeared long deserted and abandoned . 
 the derelict mix of stone and wooden buildings climbed the slopes around a switchbacking gravel road . 
 an old mill neighbored the rocky creek . 
 its waterwheel lay fallen and broken across the stream like a bridge . 
 several other structures had collapsed in on themselves , and the place had a wild overgrown look to it , buried in high grasses and lush with juniper bushes and fir trees . 
 `` it 's an old mining town , '' konstantin explained . 
 the boy unfolded the map , to check their bearings . 
 `` no one lives there . 
 not safe . '' 
 `` how much farther until we reach the mine shaft ? '' 
 monk asked . 
 the boy measured with his thumb on the map , then pointed to the ramshackle collection of buildings . 
 `` another half mile past the town . 
 not far . '' 
 konstantin glanced off to the right of the town . 
 his expression soured . 
 he did n't have to say anything . 
 half hidden behind the shoulder of the mountain , a large greenish black body of water stretched off to the horizon . 
 lake karachay . 
 monk checked his badge . 
 it still registered a reddish hue . 
 but to reach the town , they would have to head directly toward the lake , deeper into its radioactive shadow . 
 `` how hot is that place ? '' 
 monk asked , nodding to the town . 
 konstantin refolded the map and stood . 
 `` we should not stop for a picnic . '' 
 monk stared back at the boy , appreciating his attempt at levity . 
 but neither of them laughed . 
 still , monk hooked an arm around the boy as they marched ahead . 
 he gave konstantin a reassuring squeeze and earned a silly grin in response . 
 a rare sight . 
 pyotr and kiska followed with marta in tow . 
 they had made it this far . 
 there was no turning back . 
 half a mile away , borsakov watched his targets vanish over a ridgeline . 
 with a silent curse directed at the man who led the children , he knelt beside the beached raft used by the others and slipped his rifle from his shoulder . 
 before he continued , his weapon needed to be cleaned . 
 after the long swim and slog through the swamp , his rifle was caked with mud and full of water . 
 he broke the weapon down and carefully inspected each section : barrel , bolt assembly , magazine . 
 he rinsed and dried all the parts thoroughly . 
 satisfied , he reassembled the rifle . 
 the familiar routine returned him to a calm , determined status . 
 once done , he stood up and shouldered his weapon . 
 having lost his radio , borsakov was on his own , the only survivor from the airboat crash . 
 the pilot 's arm had been severed by the fan . 
 another soldier 's head had been caved in , struck by the edge of the flipping boat . 
 the last had been found floating facedown , drowned . 
 only borsakov remained , though he bore a long jagged cut down his calf , sliced to the bone . 
 he had used one of his dead men 's shirts to wrap and bind the injury . 
 he would need medical attention to prevent losing his leg to infection from the muddy water . 
 but first he had a job to do . 
 failure was not an option . 
 limping on his bad leg , borsakov set off after his prey . 
 16 september 7 , 8:11 a.m. pripyat , ukraine `` wake up ! '' 
 gray heard the words , but his brain took another moment to decipher them . 
 a stinging slap cut through his grogginess . 
 light filled his head then dissolved into watery images . 
 luca leaned over him and shook gray 's shoulders . 
 coughing , gray pushed the man back and rose to an elbow . 
 he stared around the room . 
 he was in a bare cement cell with peeling , blistered paint and a rusted red door . 
 light came from a single barred window high up on the wall . 
 beneath the window , kowalski sat on a moldy thin mattress , his head hanging between his knees , groaning with nausea . 
 gray took a deep breath , forced himself to relax , and recalled what had happened . 
 he remembered a hard climb out of the canyon at gunpoint , a short helicopter ride , then a cargo plane on a rain-swept airstrip . 
 he fingered a bruise on his neck . 
 once aboard the plane , they 'd been drugged . 
 gray had no idea where they 'd been taken . 
 `` elizabeth ... rosauro ... ? '' 
 he asked hoarsely . 
 luca shook his head . 
 he slumped against the wall and sank to his bottom . 
 `` i do n't know where they are . 
 maybe another cell . '' 
 `` any idea where we are ? '' 
 luca shrugged . 
 kowalski groaned . 
 gray gained his feet , waited for the world to stop spinning , then stepped toward the window . 
 it was too high to reach on his own . 
 kowalski lifted his head , noted where gray was staring . 
 `` pierce , you 've got to be kidding . '' 
 `` get up , '' he ordered . 
 `` help me . '' 
 kowalski held his stomach but rose to his feet . 
 he clenched his fingers together into a stirrup . 
 `` what do you think i am ? 
 your personal ladder ? '' 
 `` ladders complain a lot less . '' 
 gray mounted the man 's grip , reached to the lower lip of the window , and with kowalski 's help , he chinned up to the bars . 
 he gazed across a strange landscape . 
 a town , half consumed by forest , spread outward . 
 the place looked dilapidated and shell-shocked . 
 roofs were covered in moss or collapsed , windows shattered into broken fangs , fire escapes dripped with icicles of rust , and weeds and bushes sprouted out of cracked asphalt . 
 across the street , a faded billboard advertised some sort of fair , depicting a ferris wheel and carnival rides . 
 in the foreground , a stylized version of a strappingly robust family headed toward the amusements . 
 across the city , gray spotted the same ferris wheel from the billboard outlined against the barren sky . 
 a lonely relic of former glory . 
 gray 's limbs grew leaden at the sight . 
 he knew where he was . 
 the abandoned amusement ride had become emblematic for the city . 
 `` chernobyl , '' he mumbled and dropped back down to the floor . 
 but why had they been brought here ? 
 gray recalled the pathologist 's report on dr. polk 's body . 
 the radiation signature suggested the professor had been poisoned here . 
 though further testing by malcolm jennings had clouded this assessment . 
 what was going on ? 
 over the next ten minutes , gray searched the entire cell and tested the door . 
 though rusted , it remained secure . 
 gray heard sounds of someone out there : a shuffle of foot , a soft cough . 
 most likely a guard . 
 he must have heard them talking and radioed his superiors because shortly thereafter a tromping of boots approached the door . 
 too many to ambush . 
 gray stepped back as the door pulled open . 
 with pistols pointed , soldiers in black-and-gray uniforms stormed into the room . 
 they opened the way for a tall man to step forward , framed in the doorway . 
 his features were not unlike those of the father from the faded billboard outside . 
 his face was all angles and hard corners ; a trimmed beard defined a strong chin . 
 he wore a navy blue suit with a red silk tie , tailored handsomely to his physique . 
 even down to his - `` nice shoes , '' kowalski commented . 
 the man glanced to his polished black oxfords and frowned at the unexpected assessment of his wardrobe . 
 `` well , they are , '' kowalski said with a note of defensiveness . 
 the newcomer 's eyes shifted to gray . 
 `` dobraye utro , commander pierce . 
 if you 'll come with me , we have some business to discuss and not much time . '' 
 gray remained where he was . 
 `` not until you tell me where the two women - '' a hand waved dismissively . 
 `` elizabeth polk and dr. shay rosauro . 
 both fine , i assure you . 
 in fact , their accommodations are a bit more refined . 
 but we had very little time to prepare . 
 if you 'll come this way , please . '' 
 the six soldiers with pistols diminished the politeness of the invitation . 
 led out into a hallway , gray studied his surroundings . 
 cells lined both sides , plainly an abandoned jail . 
 through some of the open doors , he spotted standing water , rusted overturned beds , and refuse piled high into corners . 
 it made their cell 's accommodations seem generous in comparison . 
 the hallway ended at a guard station . 
 it had a view across an overgrown , weedy jail yard . 
 in the distance , off by the horizon , gray noted the tall ventilation tower that marked the chernobyl reactor . 
 closer at hand , a chair squeaked with an almost nervous sound . 
 gray turned . 
 a table stood in the middle of the room . 
 masterson sat behind it , straightening in his seat , again dressed all in white , looking well rested and smug . 
 gray had to refrain himself from leaping over and snapping the bastard 's neck . 
 but he needed some answers , and cooperation seemed the best way of obtaining it . 
 forced to a chair on the opposite side of the table , gray sat down . 
 a gun remained pointed at the back of his head . 
 another stranger waited in the room . 
 she stood behind the table . 
 her black hair framed a smoky face , stoic and unmoving . 
 she was also dressed in a black suit , a close match in style to that of the man who had led gray here . 
 the stranger crossed to the table and sat down , barely acknowledging masterson . 
 the man folded his hands atop the table . 
 `` my name is senator nicolas solokov . 
 perhaps you 've heard of me . '' 
 gray said nothing , which caused the man 's mouth to quirk with disappointment . 
 `` no ? 
 well , that will be changing , '' he responded . 
 he waved to the slim woman . 
 she crossed to gray , moving with a stiff grace . 
 she sank to a knee beside his chair , tilted her head , and reached toward his hand . 
 before she touched him , she cocked an eyebrow , inquiring permission . 
 gray shrugged . 
 she gently lifted his hand and rested her palm beneath his . 
 her fingertips tickled the underside of his wrist . 
 her eyes stared deeply into his . 
 `` we 've already had a conversation with elizabeth polk , '' nicolas said . 
 `` dr. polk 's daughter informed us of your discovery in india . 
 truly amazing . 
 that information alone was worth transporting you all here . 
 it 's fascinating to contemplate that our heritage extends all the way to ancient greece , to the famous oracle of delphi . '' 
 gray cleared his throat . 
 `` your heritage ? '' 
 he waved to the woman . 
 `` and elena 's . 
 we 're all from the same genetic bloodline . '' 
 gray remembered luca 's story . 
 `` from the lost gypsies . '' 
 `` yes . 
 dr. masterson has informed me that you were told about the unfortunate , but necessary acquisition of those children . 
 in fact , my father was one of those gypsy children . 
 and i believe you 've met another of our extended family . 
 little sasha . 
 a girl with a special talent . '' 
 gray knew to whom he must be referring , but he kept his features bland , feigning ignorance . 
 elena turned to nicolas and spoke softly in russian . 
 the senator nodded . 
 `` so you have met sasha . 
 please do not trouble yourself to lie . '' 
 he motioned to the woman at his feet . 
 `` elena is quite-well , perceptive , shall we say . 
 her touch is very sensitive , measuring the heat of your skin , your pulse . 
 she is also keyed into your pupils and breath . 
 nothing escapes her . 
 she is my personal lie detector . '' 
 nicolas pointed to his ear . 
 elena turned , and with her other hand , she parted her hair behind her ear . 
 gray spotted a familiar curve of surgical steel . 
 the same implant as the girl 's . 
 the woman was the adult equivalent of sasha , only with a different savant talent . 
 `` she is quite remarkable , '' nicolas growled , his words warmly proud , but with a hint of something darker beneath . 
 gray studied the man , noticing something missing . 
 `` so then where is your implant ? '' 
 nicolas 's eyes narrowed back upon him . 
 gray enjoyed the flicker of irritation on his face , plainly a sore point . 
 the man 's fingers combed over his right ear in a self-conscious gesture . 
 `` such a course was not my path , i 'm afraid . '' 
 gray 's mind tracked the implication . 
 if nicolas was n't augmented , then he must have been born without any savant talent . 
 yet someone had placed him in a position of power in russia . 
 why ? 
 what was the endgame here ? 
 nicolas continued , `` back to sasha . 
 from all the turmoil going on in washington , we 've been having trouble gaining clear intelligence on her whereabouts . 
 that was the main reason you were brought here from india . '' 
 versus being shot on the spot like abhi bhanjee . 
 `` we are concerned about sasha 's welfare and want her returned . 
 so first of all , we 'd like to know where she is and who has her . '' 
 gray stared straight at nicolas . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 at his side , elena shook her head . 
 `` would you like to try again ? 
 i 'm attempting to keep this civil . 
 but we do have four of your friends here . '' 
 `` i ca n't say for sure , '' gray answered . 
 `` the last i saw her , she was in the care of our organization . '' 
 nicolas glanced to elena , who nodded . 
 it was the truth . 
 `` and i assume you do not work for john mapplethorpe , since the traitor attempted to assassinate you and dr. masterson at the hotel in agra . '' 
 `` no , in fact , we 're fighting to keep the child away from him . '' 
 `` wise . 
 that man is far from trustworthy . 
 so then perhaps we truly can negotiate . 
 especially since we now have something worth trading . '' 
 `` first , what do you want with the girl ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` she belongs here . 
 with the rest of her family . 
 we can care for her much better than anyone in your country . '' 
 `` perhaps so . 
 but why do you want her ? 
 to what end ? '' 
 nicolas stared at gray , studying him with shrewd eyes . 
 gray sensed a depth of cunning , along with a hard conceit , someone seeking recognition , compensating perhaps for a lack of talent elsewhere . 
 gray pressed that weakness . 
 `` do you have a plan that goes beyond the exploitation of children like sasha ? '' 
 his eyes sparked . 
 `` do not underestimate the scope of our initiative . 
 nor paint us with such malicious intent . 
 we have nothing but the most humanitarian goals in mind , to better the world for all . 
 the sacrifice required of a few children is infinitesimally small when compared to the atrocities that go ignored every day in the world . '' 
 gray read the need for validation behind the growing heat in his words . 
 `` what goals ? '' 
 `` nothing short of changing the course of human history . '' 
 here the man 's vanity shone brightly . 
 he even sat up straighter and leaned toward gray . 
 `` every few centuries , a great figure rises who abruptly changes history-someone who alters the fundamental path of mankind . 
 i 'm talking along the lines of the great prophets . 
 buddha , muhammad , jesus christ . 
 someone who thinks so differently , who sees the world through such unique eyes , that his very viewpoint bends humanity in a new direction . 
 from where do such figures arise ? 
 where does this uniqueness of mind come from ? '' 
 masterson stirred , stretching a kink in his back . 
 gray recalled the professor 's discussion about autism and its role in human history . 
 and the quote he had used . 
 if by some magic , autism had been eradicated from the face of the earth , then men would still be socializing in front of a wood fire at the entrance to a cave . 
 `` why wait for the right toss of the genetic dice ? '' 
 nicolas asked . 
 `` if such uniqueness could be recognized , singled out , and harnessed for the good of all , imagine the new age of enlightenment that could be fostered . 
 especially if such uniqueness could be heightened to astounding levels . '' 
 nicolas 's eyes settled on elena . 
 gray began to understand the scope of the project 's vision . 
 it was no mere spy program . 
 nicolas 's organization planned to take control of the reins to human history by using the augmented individuals like draft horses . 
 and gray began to suspect why nicolas had been put in such a place of power . 
 someone was grooming him as a figurehead , propped and supported behind the scenes by the augmented children . 
 gray tried to imagine all that talent at the bid of one individual . 
 gray could not hide his horror and shock . 
 `` how do you plan to - ? '' 
 `` that 's enough ! '' 
 nicolas barked . 
 `` now that you better understand our intent , you can understand why we want sasha returned . 
 she is important to the program ... and especially significant to me . '' 
 gray read something in his eyes . 
 `` why you ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he stared hard at gray . 
 `` because she 's more than a test subject , she 's my daughter . '' 
 elena 's fingernails scraped the underside of gray 's wrist . 
 the woman turned sharply toward nicolas . 
 apparently this was as equally surprising to her . 
 no wonder gray and the others had been dragged all the way to chernobyl . 
 `` before this day is over , you will know what i am capable of . '' 
 nicolas leaned toward gray , his eyes fiery with determination . 
 `` and i will get my daughter back . '' 
 8:20 a.m. southern ural mountains general-major savina martov stood in the heart of operation saturn . 
 behind her , the mine train waited on the tracks , snapping and crackling , smelling of smoke and oil . 
 it rested a hundred yards from where the tracks ended at mine complex 337 , an abandoned uranium mine that honeycombed the neighboring ural mountains . 
 m.c. 337 was where the prisoners housed at chelyabinsk 88 had spent eighteen hours a day laboring in the dark , slowly being poisoned . 
 now it served as a dumping ground for broken mining equipment and piles of rock from operation saturn . 
 over the course of five years , a small team of miners and demolition experts had filled several old shafts to the brim with the debris dug out of this site . 
 operation saturn occupied a small man-made cavern off the train tracks . 
 the blasted room-the size of a hotel lobby-was framed by oil-soaked scaffolding and crowded with mining equipment : conveyor belts , hydraulic winches , rock dusters , water pumps , hoses , all surrounding a compact drill rig with a drummed tungsten-carbide bit . 
 most of it would be left where it stood or hauled out with the next train . 
 savina watched a backhoe dump a load of rock and rubble into one of the ore cars behind her . 
 the train would make one last shipment to m.c. 337 . 
 all was on schedule . 
 still , she stood with her fists on her hips , legs apart , surveying the operation site . 
 her conversation with nicolas still had her agitated . 
 she had known he was bullheaded and prone to rash and dramatic decisions . 
 she regretted informing him about sasha . 
 she had not thought he would react so foolishly . 
 where was his dispassion in such matters ? 
 they still had ten omega subjects , more than enough to seed the new site in moscow . 
 the ten alone were powerful enough to hand him the world , to guide humanity to its new renaissance , led by a resurrected russian empire . 
 and the future czar would not have one rasputin to counsel him , but ten . 
 ten prodigious savants , who together and augmented , could bend time and distance to serve him . 
 did he not see that ? 
 what was one child against such a vision ? 
 two if you counted nicolas 's son , pyotr . 
 but the boy 's talent , while strong , was of little value . 
 what use was empathy when it came to forging a new world ? 
 if anything , it was a hindrance . 
 all that would be lost with the boy was his genetic potential . 
 a significant loss , but not insurmountable . 
 and there was still hope of recovering the boy . 
 the last she 'd heard from lieutenant borsakov was that he was about to head into the asanov swamps . 
 it would be hard to find anything in the dark , but with the sun now up , she expected results at any moment . 
 or so she had assured nicolas . 
 and ultimately it did not matter . 
 nicolas would grow to see this . 
 a technician in a white smock , hard hat , and respirator mask approached her . 
 he was an engineer from the st. petersburg state mining institute . 
 `` ready to test the board and iris . '' 
 she nodded . 
 after this final shakedown , the operation site would be evacuated . 
 she 'd had to push her crew these last two days in order to meet the shortened timetable . 
 nicolas 's operation had been scheduled to proceed today , followed by savina 's in two weeks . 
 but with the recent betrayal by mapplethorpe , the decision had been made to initiate both operations on the same day . 
 once she heard of nicolas 's success , she would proceed . 
 `` are there any problems ? '' 
 she asked the engineer . 
 his voice was muffled in the respirator as they walked . 
 `` we 've run all the diagnostics , rechecked the ammonium nitrate fuel oil concentrations , performed one final gpr scan of the overburden , and troubleshot all electrical systems . 
 we 're ready on your order to clear the site and open the iris . 
 we 're going to test fire it now . '' 
 `` very good . '' 
 savina followed the man under the arch of scaffolding . 
 the vehicle-mounted drill rig was already being driven out of the way . 
 men worked around the tight space : in the rigging , on the floor , and amid the equipment . 
 she looked to the upper wall of the cavern . 
 a two-meter-wide shaft sloped upward at a steep angle , lined by an idle conveyor belt , dripping with water from the hoses . 
 lights glowed at the far end of the shaft , almost half a kilometer away . 
 tiny shadows moved within the glow , motes in the brightness . 
 the demolition team was doing one final inspection . 
 savina appreciated their thoroughness . 
 over fifty bore holes-as thick around as her thumb and a meter deep-had been drilled into the end of the shaft and packed with anfo supercharges . 
 the bores needled through a fault that lay beneath lake karachay . 
 wired to detonate in sequence , the charges would crack a gaping hole in the bottom of the poisonous lake , dumping its slurry of radioactive strontium and cesium straight down the shaft . 
 `` over here , general-major . '' 
 the technician waved her away from the center of the cavern . 
 set into the floor was a three-meter-wide circular hatch . 
 she had obtained it from the sevmorput naval shipyard in murmansk . 
 it was the latest missile silo door , composed of six flakes of half-meter-thick steel in the shape of an iris . 
 she stepped off of it and over to where a diagnostic laptop rested on a worktable . 
 the technician had the engineering schematics open on the screen . 
 other men had stopped to watch . 
 he spoke into a radio , listened , then nodded to savina . 
 `` we 're set in the control room . 
 ten seconds until firing . '' 
 savina crossed her arms . 
 the control room was back in chelyabinsk 88 , in one of the old abandoned soviet-era apartment buildings . 
 technicians manned the small room of monitors and computers . 
 once the site was evacuated , thirty different cameras would provide coverage of the area . 
 the engineer counted down the seconds . 
 `` three ... two ... one ... zero . '' 
 a snap of an electrical circuit sounded from the silo door , and its steel petals opened like the iris on a camera . 
 as they peeled wider , a low roar of water echoed up to her . 
 she stepped to the iris and stared over the edge . 
 a vertical shaft dropped two hundred meters through the rock . 
 the engineer joined her and pointed a heavy flashlight down the throat of the mine shaft . 
 far below , she spotted a silvery rush , reflecting the light . 
 an underground river . 
 there were several such waterways draining the urals , massive aquifers flowing down from the highlands . 
 on the far side of the mountains , the waters flooded into the caspian sea , but here the aquifers drained through a series of rivers , specifically the techa and ob , all the way to the arctic ocean . 
 savina turned and looked up the sloped shaft that led to the fault line under lake karachay . 
 it contained over one hundred times more strontium and cesium than was released in chernobyl . 
 and chernobyl 's toxic plume had circled the globe . 
 she stared back down the vertical shaft to the flowing aquifer . 
 it had been an ongoing threat . 
 geologists were well aware of the faults that underlay lake karachay . 
 it was only a matter of time until an earthquake burst one of those fissures and dumped all that radioactivity into the drainage basin of the ural mountains . 
 studies done by geophysicists from norway estimated that such a catastrophe would sterilize a good portion of the arctic ocean , one of the planet 's last great wildernesses . 
 from there , its poisonous pall would sweep halfway around the planet , concentrating its worst effects across northern europe . 
 conservative estimates put the death toll from primary radiation and secondary cancers at one hundred million . 
 and that could easily double or triple from the resulting economic and environmental damage . 
 she stared from the sloped shaft above to the river below . 
 such a disaster had always been a constant but barely acknowledged threat . 
 all nature needed was a little shove . 
 then the world would burn . 
 her breathing grew harder at the enormity of what was about to unfold . 
 out of that radiological fire , a new russian empire would rise , like a phoenix out of the ashes of their own nuclear legacy . 
 she would let nothing stop her . 
 she had spent her life and soul here in the warren , all to serve the motherland . 
 and after so many sacrifices , so much bloodshed , what was left of russia ? 
 over the past decades , savina had watched the motherland devolve into this corrupt , pitiful shadow of itself . 
 here at the end of her life , she would offer it hope again . 
 that would be her legacy , brought about by her own son . 
 she would burn away the corruption and create a new world . 
 `` general-major ? 
 is there anything more ? '' 
 she shook her head and controlled her words . 
 `` i 've seen enough . '' 
 the engineer nodded and crossed to a steel lever beside his workstation . 
 it looked like a giant handbrake on a car . 
 he pinched the release on the lever , cranked the bar up , and shouldered it in the opposite direction . 
 the iris swept closed at her toes and sealed the shaft . 
 there was still work to be done . 
 miners , who had stopped to see the silo doors open , went back to work , crossing over the top of the iris , as they had for the past two years since dropping that first shaft . 
 operation saturn was ready to commence . 
 savina turned away and headed toward the waiting train . 
 she also had final preparations back at chelyabinsk 88 to complete . 
 she checked her watch . 
 nicolas should be heading to the ceremony at chernobyl in another hour . 
 despite his rash actions of late , he did have everything under control . 
 with or without him , systems were in place and would run their course . 
 all was in order . 
 nothing could stop it from happening . 
 as she stepped into the train car and the doors sealed , she glanced back to the heart of operation saturn . 
 she tried to picture the millions that would die , but they were an abstraction , a number too large to contemplate beyond cold statistics . 
 she faced forward as the train lurched into motion and headed back toward the warren at chelyabinsk 88 . 
 the teachers and researchers should be readying for their own evacuation . 
 computers were being wiped , records incinerated . 
 the children were also being prepared-but not for evacuation . 
 they would be taking one last train ride themselves . 
 all of them , except the ten who would be with her . 
 savina pictured the faces of the other children . 
 sixty-four , including the infants . 
 it was a number too small to view as only an abstraction . 
 she knew a majority of the children by name . 
 as the train trundled toward the warren in the dark , savina leaned a hand against the wall . 
 her knees trembled , and a wave of emotion swept through her . 
 she did not fight it . 
 it welled up out of her chest and choked her throat . 
 a few hot tears streamed down her cheeks . 
 in this private moment , she let her emotions run their course . 
 she recognized her humanity and allowed herself a moment to grieve . 
 but only this moment . 
 by the time the train began slowing , she wiped her face and patted her cheeks . 
 she took several deep breaths . 
 there was no turning back . 
 necessity was a cruel master . 
 and she would have to be just as cruel . 
 9:32 a.m. pripyat , ukraine nicolas climbed into the limousine with elena . 
 a caravan of vehicles flowed out from the staging area in front of the polissia hotel . 
 politicians and officials were being shuttled or had private escorts . 
 since midnight , news crews from around the world had been setting up cameras and prepping vans that sported towering satellite antennas . 
 since first light , celebrities and dignitaries had been drifting over there , for interviews , for tours , for a moment in the limelight . 
 in the next hours , the eyes of the world would be upon the sealing of chernobyl , a final act to end the old nuclear era and launch a major new summit to address the issue far into the future . 
 but nicolas had his own issue at the moment . 
 as soon as the limousine door clicked shut , nicolas had his first moment of privacy with elena . 
 he turned to her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should have told you about sasha and pyotr . '' 
 elena shook her head very slightly , furious . 
 she had not spoken a word to him since his interrogation of the americans . 
 even now , she shifted to stare out the window of the limousine . 
 sasha and pyotr had always held a special place in her heart . 
 it was more than the usual affection . 
 she had a personal connection , too . 
 it had been elena 's older sister , natasha , who had given birth to them , dying in labor . 
 `` you know the policy at the warren , '' nicolas pressed as the limousine set off down the road . 
 `` birth records are sealed . '' 
 it had been a guideline from the start at the warren . 
 familial lines for the most part were kept secret . 
 children knew their immediate brothers and sisters , to discourage inappropriate fraternization , but that was all . 
 breeding was dictated and controlled by the geneticists . 
 but nicolas had been no ordinary offspring . 
 as the son of the founder , an entire history had been fabricated for him , starting in yekaterinburg , where his mother had given birth to him at a local hospital , using the false surname solokov . 
 his mother would have used the name romanov , but that might have been too obvious . 
 from the very start , he had been groomed for a special destiny . 
 as such , he was granted certain privileges . 
 `` i checked the fertilization clinic 's records one day , '' he said . 
 `` i was curious if i had any children . 
 it was then that i discovered that sasha and pyotr were my own . 
 but i was forbidden from saying anything . '' 
 he reached a hand to her knee , but his palm hovered , fearful of touching her . 
 `` in fact , it was because of the production of such talented children that my mother encouraged our union . 
 in an attempt to repeat such a fortunate genetic cross . '' 
 elena would not turn his way . 
 a part of him enjoyed her coldness , this control . 
 he wanted to touch her , but she had not yet given him permission . 
 `` please , milaya moya , forgive me . '' 
 she ignored him . 
 sighing , he stared ahead . 
 through the privacy glass , nicolas spotted the rise of chernobyl . 
 a tall ventilation tower , ringed by maintenance scaffolding , climbed high into the sky . 
 it rose from a jumble of cement buildings . 
 crammed against one side stood a massive blocky crypt of black steel and concrete . 
 it looked damp , as if sweating . 
 it was not a mystery why the structure was called the sarcophagus . 
 it looked like a black tomb , and at its heart lay the ruins of reactor number four . 
 nicolas had seen pictures of the inside , a blasted landscape of scorched cement and twisted steel . 
 in one room , there was a clock , charred and half melted , that forever marked the time of the explosion . 
 within the sarcophagus , over two hundred tons of uranium and plutonium remained buried within the ruins , most of it in the form of solidified lava , formed from the radioactive fusion of molten fuel , concrete , and two thousand tons of combustibles . 
 pieces of the exploded core could be found everywhere , some embedded in the outer walls . 
 in the lowest levels of the facility , seeping rainwater and fuel dust collected into a radioactive soup . 
 was it any wonder that a new solution was necessary ? 
 off to the left was that answer . 
 it went by many names : the shelter , the arc of life , the new sarcophagus . 
 the hanger-shaped arch rose thirty-seven stories into the air . 
 weighing over twenty thousand tons , it stretched over a quarter kilometer wide and half again as long . 
 it was so cavernous inside that engineers feared it might form clouds and actually rain within the structure . 
 on the underside of the arch , robotic trolley cranes waited to dismantle the old sarcophagus piece by piece , operated by technicians safely outside the shelter . 
 but things were already on the move . 
 the entire arch rested on greased steel tracks and was even now being slowly hauled along the rails , pulled by a pair of massive hydraulic jacks . 
 it was the largest movable structure ever built by man . 
 and by eleven o'clock this morning , the shelter would be pulled over the old sarcophagus and sealed up against the neighboring concrete building , totally covering the old crypt , and thus closing forever an ugly bit of russian history and heralding a new start . 
 it was fitting that such an event would mark the beginning of the summit to come . 
 a summit that would unfortunately never take place . 
 the limousine headed toward the stands that lined the south side of the old sarcophagus . 
 the seats were already filling with the invited vips . 
 speeches had begun on the stage that fronted the stadium seating , leading up to the official joint u.s-russian statements , picked to coincide with the final seal of chernobyl . 
 the entire series of events was timed to the clockwork pull of the giant arch . 
 as was nicolas 's plan . 
 a moment of fear flickered through him . 
 not unlike when he stood on the news podium as an assassin lined up for a fatal shot . 
 only the risk this morning was a thousandfold worse . 
 fingers closed around his hand as it rested on the seat . 
 he turned and found elena 's hand upon his . 
 she stared out the window , still angry , letting him know this was not over . 
 her fingernails curled and pressed hard into his palm , a promise that he would be punished later . 
 he leaned back as she dug deeper . 
 the pain helped focus him . 
 ahead , the arch closed slowly upon chernobyl . 
 he knew what was to come . 
 and he certainly deserved to be punished . 
 10:04 a.m. gray paced the cell when he heard something thud heavily against the door . 
 kowalski scrambled up , and luca straightened from where he was leaning against the wall . 
 `` what the hell now ? '' 
 kowalski muttered . 
 the scrape of a metal bar sounded , and the door pulled open . 
 a figure stepped over the booted legs of a guard on the floor . 
 `` hurry , '' the man said and waved his ivory-handled cane . 
 `` we have to get out of here . '' 
 gray stared in disbelief . 
 it was dr. hayden masterson . 
 confused , gray remained frozen in place , caught between wanting to slug the man and shake his hand . 
 masterson read his shocked expression . 
 `` commander , i work for mi6 . '' 
 `` british intelligence ? '' 
 he nodded with an exasperated sigh . 
 `` explanations will have to wait . 
 we have to go . 
 now . '' 
 masterson headed down the hall , dragging them in tow . 
 gray stopped long enough to collect the guard 's sidearm , a russian pistol called a grach or rook . 
 the man had been knocked out , his nose broken . 
 it seemed masterson 's cane was more than show . 
 gray caught up to masterson . 
 suspicion rang in his voice . 
 `` you ? 
 you 're an operative with mi6 ? '' 
 kowalski mumbled behind him , `` not exactly james bond , is he ? '' 
 masterson continued to hobble along , but he glanced over to gray . 
 `` retired mi6 actually . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` if you call this retirement . '' 
 gray remained guarded , but he could think of no upside for this man freeing them from the cell . 
 masterson continued in a wheezing rush . 
 `` i was recruited after i graduated from oxford and stationed in india during the soviet occupation of afghanistan . 
 i retired ten years ago , then stumbled into this mess when someone offered me good money to spy on archibald . 
 it did n't take long to learn the russians were behind it . 
 so i contacted mi6 and let them know . 
 it was designated low priority . 
 no one considered archibald 's work a threat to global security . 
 to tell the truth , i did n't either . 
 not until he was kidnapped and ended up dead in d.c. i tried to light a fire under mi6 , but who listens to an old man these days ? 
 i could n't wait . 
 call it old instinct . 
 i knew something bloody large was afoot . 
 so i 'm afraid , after losing archibald , i had to use all of you to force an introduction . '' 
 `` use us , '' kowalski said . 
 `` they killed abe . '' 
 masterson winced . 
 `` i tried to stop them , but our friend was too quick with that whip-sword of his . '' 
 he shook his head sadly . 
 `` maybe this is a younger man 's game after all . '' 
 `` but wait ! '' 
 kowalski stumbled with a sudden realization . 
 `` you were going to shoot me ! '' 
 gray dismissed his concern . 
 `` masterson was putting on an act . '' 
 a nod . 
 `` i had to be convincing . '' 
 `` you damn well convinced me ! '' 
 `` and it was lucky i was so successful . '' 
 masterson turned to gray . 
 `` the bloody bastard is planning on taking out half the world 's leaders today . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 masterson drew them to a stairwell next to the old guard station and lowered his voice . 
 `` more men downstairs . 
 they 've had me holed up here . 
 as much a prisoner as any of you . 
 i 'm off to free elizabeth and dr. rosauro . '' 
 he waved down the hall past the guard station . 
 `` if i could borrow that shapely companion of yours , we 'll try to reach a phone and start an evacuation . '' 
 `` take luca , too , '' gray said . 
 he wanted the civilians as much out of harm 's way as possible . 
 plus the gypsy leader 's presence would go a long way to convincing rosauro that masterson was aboveboard . 
 luca nodded his agreement . 
 `` fine . 
 i can use his help , '' masterson said . 
 he pulled a russian army walkie-talkie from his jacket and passed it to gray , so they could communicate . 
 `` but in the meantime - '' gray cut him off . '' 
 - i have to stop senator solokov . '' 
 masterson nodded . 
 `` you 've got less than an hour . 
 i do n't know what he 's planning , something to do with the ceremony over at chernobyl . '' 
 `` what ceremony ? '' 
 masterson pulled out a piece of paper from his jacket pocket , unfolded it , and passed it to gray . 
 `` they 're enclosing the old sarcophagus at chernobyl , '' he said and nodded to the sheet . 
 `` under a large steel hangar . '' 
 as gray studied the sheet , masterson listed the dignitaries and leaders who would be in attendance at the event and quickly summarized the morning 's ceremonies . 
 `` as to nicolas 's specific plans , all i could get was the name . 
 operation uranus . '' 
 `` operation your anus ? '' 
 kowalski said . 
 `` that sounds painful . '' 
 gray ignored him and headed for the stairs . 
 `` where 's solokov now ? '' 
 `` headed to chernobyl . '' 
 as gray descended with kowalski , he pictured the towering ventilation shaft . 
 whatever the bastard was planning , it must involve the reactor . 
 but the name for the offensive-operation uranus-why pick that name ? 
 while training for the army rangers , gray had learned of its historical context from his strategic studies classes . 
 operation uranus was a russian offense during world war ii that ended the bloodiest battle in human history , the battle of stalingrad . 
 so why that name ? 
 something troubled gray , something nagging , but the tension locked it away . 
 ahead , two guards manned the exit to the jailhouse . 
 they had their backs to gray . 
 he lifted his stolen rook pistol . 
 worries would have to wait . 
 17 september 7 , 10:07 a.m. southern ural mountains as the sun shone on a crisp morning , monk crunched along the gravel road that wound through the ghost town . 
 weeds and bushes grew waist high , making it feel as if they were wading through green water . 
 konstantin kept abreast of him , while pyotr and kiska trailed . 
 marta followed , too , but she was drowned away in the green sea , parting the grasses as she maneuvered through them . 
 `` there 's little coal in the mountains here , '' konstantin lectured around a bone-cracking yawn . 
 `` all the mining in the region is for metal or metallic ores . '' 
 monk knew the kid was wired between exhaustion and terror . 
 the tall boy spoke quietly to keep himself awake and to combat anxiety . 
 `` cobalt , nickel , tungsten , vanadium , bauxite , platinum ... '' monk let him prattle as he kept a watch on the town to either side . 
 the buildings looked hastily constructed , made of clapboard with elevated plank sidewalks that bordered the road . 
 they passed a one-room schoolhouse with intact windows and still lined with wooden desks inside . 
 a couple of old trucks , soviet-era green , sat rusted into the roadbed . 
 the only brick building had cyrillic lettering along the facade . 
 monk could not read it , but it appeared from the shelves inside to be a general store and post office . 
 next to it stood a saloon with dusty bottles still on the shelves . 
 it was as if one day the townspeople had simply stepped out of their respective doors and left without ever looking back . 
 monk did not have to guess why . 
 from this higher vantage point , lake karachay spread wide , rimmed by muddy banks and reflecting the sunlight in a sparkling lie that hid its toxic heart . 
 monk glanced to the badge hanging from his pack . 
 the red hue had grown to a darker crimson . 
 he checked it every few minutes . 
 konstantin noted his attention . 
 `` we must stay no longer than another hour . 
 it is very dangerous here . 
 we must get underground soon . '' 
 monk nodded and stared up . 
 the entrance to the mine lay another mile above them . 
 he could make out the steel outbuildings and skeletal derricks that framed a larger structure hugging against the mountain . 
 two large metal wheels flanked the central building , tailing wheels , used to dredge up debris from the diggings below . 
 the gravel underfoot probably came from that mine . 
 monk set a faster pace . 
 ahead , the only other substantial structure appeared as the road swung a hard switchback to climb another level up the mountainside . 
 the mill rose three stories high , the tallest building here . 
 it was built of logs with a tin roof . 
 its wooden waterwheel , green with moss and lichen , had broken off its moorings and lay toppled across the creek . 
 an old flood must have torn it free . 
 as they headed toward it , kiska cried out . 
 monk swung around and saw pyotr standing stock still , as upright as a pole , his eyes huge , bright with terror . 
 monk 's chest clenched . 
 no ... not here . 
 marta loped a circle around the boy , also sensing his distress . 
 like monk , she did n't know where the danger lay or from where it might strike-but they both knew what the boy sensed . 
 monk flashed back to the tiger charging at him , one ear gnarled . 
 zakhar . 
 the beast should n't have been able to track them , not across all that open water . 
 but tigers were strong swimmers . 
 the hunter must have forded the swamp and waited to ambush its prey here . 
 monk did not doubt such cunning from zakhar . 
 monk searched the tall grasses , the jumble of buildings . 
 the creature could be hiding anywhere . 
 the hairs along monk 's arms prickled , almost sensing the feral eyes upon him . 
 they were out in the open , exposed . 
 and without a single weapon . 
 they 'd lost their only dagger when marta had attacked arkady . 
 `` back , '' monk said , pointing to the brick building . 
 `` move slowly . 
 toward the store . '' 
 despite all the windows , it would make the stoutest stronghold . 
 they might find something they could use for defense among its shelves . 
 monk pulled pyotr to his side . 
 the boy quaked under him . 
 as a tight group , they retreated along the path they 'd forged through the grass . 
 monk kept an eye behind him , mostly because pyotr did the same . 
 he trusted the boy 's intuition . 
 where the road curved toward the mining station , the mill house towered across the creek . 
 monk knew tigers often sought the highest ground : a tall boulder , a lofty tree branch , a mountain ledge , someplace where they could leap upon their prey . 
 as if sensing it had been discovered , a shadowy striped shape slid like a flow of oil from one of the upper-story windows near the back of the mill . 
 if monk had n't been concentrating , he would 've missed it . 
 the tiger vanished into the tall grasses . 
 `` run , '' he urged konstantin and kiska . 
 monk pulled pyotr up into his arms with one tug . 
 the two children ahead of him shot forward , stung by terror and fueled by adrenaline . 
 monk followed , with marta racing beside him . 
 behind monk , a heavy crack of board sounded as something heavy bounded off the waterwheel and across the creek . 
 the general store 's door was open , only thirty yards away . 
 it would be close . 
 he prayed for a walk-in freezer , somewhere they could barricade . 
 the crack of a rifle split through his terror . 
 gravel exploded with a bright spark at his toes . 
 monk dove to the side , rolling through the high grass , cradling and cushioning pyotr with his own body . 
 he kept rolling until he ended up behind one of the rusted hulks of an old truck . 
 the sniper had shot from the lower half of the street . 
 it had to be one of the russian soldiers . 
 turning , monk spotted konstantin and kiska leaping like frightened deer across the planked sidewalk and through the open door of the store . 
 marta followed them with one bound . 
 one of the windows shattered as a rifle shot echoed . 
 but the trio had made it inside safely . 
 monk sheltered behind the truck and hunkered down . 
 he could not reach the store without crossing open ground . 
 he glanced up the street . 
 there was no sign of the tiger . 
 not a blade of grass moved . 
 no rasp of gravel under heavy paw . 
 the sudden shot must have dropped zakhar low , startling the cat as much as them . 
 it lay hidden out there . 
 monk crouched , trapped between the tiger and a sniper . 
 but that was not the only danger . 
 another hazard smothered over them all . 
 beyond the town 's edge , lake karachay shone brightly , radiating outward with its toxic pall . 
 even standing still here was death . 
 12:30 a.m. washington , d.c. . 
 as an alarm klaxon continued to sound , yuri stood alongside sasha 's bed , shielding her with his body from mcbride . 
 the child had snugged into her sheets , hands over her ears , hypersensitive to the bells and shouts . 
 across the bed , kat bryant went to sasha , consoling her with a palm atop her head . 
 behind the woman stood the pathologist malcolm jennings and a guard . 
 yuri faced mcbride . 
 the man crouched a few steps away , his back to the corner of the room , his hand twisted in the blond braid of his hostage , dr. lisa cummings . 
 he held his cell phone pistol against her neck . 
 they were at an impasse . 
 and mapplethorpe was already pounding his way down here with commandos . 
 yuri 's blood burned with the thought of the bastard getting his oily hands on sasha . 
 he could not let that happen . 
 yuri shifted to the stainless-steel instrument table and picked up a syringe from among the vials of drugs used to treat sasha . 
 `` yuri ! '' 
 mcbride snapped at him with warning . 
 he answered in russian , knowing mcbride understood . 
 `` i will not let you have sasha , '' he said and stabbed the needle into her intravenous line . 
 as he pushed the plunger , he saw mcbride shift his gun away from his hostage and toward him . 
 the syringe just contained saline , a ruse . 
 yuri whipped around and flew straight at the man . 
 at the same time , lisa stamped her heel on the man 's instep and smashed her head back into his face . 
 the pistol fired , explosive in the small space . 
 struck in the shoulder , yuri spun half a step . 
 he barely noted the pain . 
 he crashed into mcbride , knocking lisa out of his grip . 
 yuri slashed at mcbride 's throat and jammed the second syringe he had palmed off the instrument table , popping into the jugular . 
 the syringe contained a non-diluted concentration of sasha 's medications . 
 at full strength , it was a toxic pharmacology of chemotherapeutics , epinephrine , and steroids . 
 tangled together , mcbride emptied his clip into yuri 's stomach . 
 muffled by his body , it sounded like loud claps and felt as if someone were punching him in the gut . 
 still , yuri slammed the plunger home , sending the poisonous slurry straight for the heart . 
 mcbride screamed . 
 yuri fell with the man to the floor . 
 he knew what mcbride was feeling : flames shooting through his veins , pressure detonating in his head , heart squeezing with agony . 
 hands pulled yuri off mcbride and rolled him to the floor . 
 he spotted kat draped over sasha , protecting her from the gunfire , keeping the child 's head turned away . 
 at his side , mcbride writhed up into a convulsive seizure , spittle flying , turning bloody as he bit through his tongue . 
 the body would live , but not his mind . 
 the drugs would burn through his brain , leaving him a hollowed husk . 
 lisa leaned over yuri . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 more hands appeared , applying pressure to his belly . 
 blood spread across the floor . 
 kat joined him , cradling his head . 
 he coughed . 
 more blood . 
 he reached a hand , knowing she would help . 
 `` sasha ... , '' he gasped out . 
 `` we 'll protect her , '' kat said . 
 he shook his head . 
 he knew this already , did not doubt her heart . 
 `` more ... more rebyonka . '' 
 he had trouble focusing-mind and vision . 
 the world darkened , and the pain sank into coldness . 
 he tried to speak , to tell her where . 
 `` chela ... insk ... '' his hand scrabbled to the floor , drew two numbers in his own blood : 88 . 
 her hand closed over his . 
 `` hold on , yuri . '' 
 he wished he could , for sasha , for all of them . 
 darkness clouded over ; voices drifted away down a long tunnel . 
 he offered the only thing he could with his last breath . 
 hope . 
 he clenched kat 's hand and forced out one final message . 
 `` he 's alive ... '' stunned , kat sat with yuri 's head in her lap . 
 had she heard him correctly ? 
 she stared down into his open eyes , now lifeless and glassy . 
 he had been frantic at the end , as if seeking some last penance , even slipping into russian . 
 fluent in the language from her former days with naval intelligence , kat had understood some of it , more rebyonka . 
 more children . 
 like sasha . 
 she stared at the girl in the bed , now guarded by malcolm . 
 yuri had babbled after that , tried to write something , but it was garbled nonsense . 
 but what about what he 'd said at the very end ? 
 kat turned to lisa . 
 her friend knelt in a pool of the man 's blood . 
 `` he saved my life , '' she mumbled and placed a hand on yuri 's chest . 
 busy with her ministrations , lisa had not heard his last words . 
 beyond lisa , mcbride 's body had stopped convulsing . 
 his eyes were open , staring , just as lifeless and glassy , but his chest rose and fell . 
 kat sat , unable to stand , her gaze focusing back to sasha , to the pile of drawings . 
 yuri 's words filled her world . 
 he 's alive . 
 his fingers had clamped onto her hand . 
 a message for her alone . 
 she knew whom he meant , but that was impossible . 
 still , his last words loosened something inside her , stoked what had never fully gone cold . 
 her breathing grew heavier . 
 with each breath , the fire grew stronger inside her , burning away doubt , blazing light into the dark places in her heart . 
 a part of her dreaded to let go of that darkness ; there was security in the shadows . 
 but she refused to staunch these new flames . 
 instead , the fire propelled her to her feet . 
 she grabbed the guard 's abandoned gun from the floor . 
 straightening , she spoke in a rush to the entire room . 
 `` it 's not secure here . 
 we 'll strike for an exit ... if not , we 'll find someplace we can fortify . '' 
 as lisa unhooked the girl 's i.v. line , kat spotted the coloring book , still open on the bedside table , scribbled in green crayon , a man on a raft . 
 impossible , but kat knew it to be true . 
 monk ... he 's alive . 
 10:20 a.m. southern ural mountains the american should be dead . 
 borsakov cursed his missed shot . 
 he lay flat in the shadow of a mining shack . 
 the rifle stretched out in front of him , his cheek resting against the stock of his weapon . 
 he had not expected the sudden bolt of his targets-straight back toward him . 
 it had required repositioning and firing before being fully set . 
 plus he suspected his sights were incrementally out of alignment after the abuse in the swamp . 
 he had not been able to test-fire the weapon and calibrate its sights . 
 the shots would have warned the targets of his approach . 
 still , he had them all pinned down . 
 two children and the chimpanzee hid in the brick building . 
 the american and the boy behind the truck . 
 borsakov slid backward , keeping to the grasses . 
 all he had to do was cross the street , and he 'd have the american within his sight line again . 
 this time he would not miss . 
 he moved stealthily and low across the road , keeping to shadows for as long as possible . 
 he reached the far side and crouched behind an overturned barrel . 
 he leaned out , ready with his rifle . 
 down the street , he had a clear view behind the truck now . 
 borsakov 's fingers clenched on his rifle in fury and confusion . 
 no one was there . 
 the american and the boy had vanished . 
 pyotr huddled inside the truck , curled in the footwell . 
 monk had lifted him and shoved him through the half-open window , then disappeared between the two buildings behind the truck . 
 before he left , he had motioned pyotr to remain low and duck far into the space in front of the seat . 
 leaves and beetles shared his hiding place . 
 he clutched his arms around his knees . 
 somewhere in the dark places in his mind , where he feared to look , he remembered hiding like this : cramped , breathless , hunted . 
 another life . 
 not his . 
 stone had encased him then , rather than rusty steel . 
 hovering between then and now , he felt the pinpricks of lights out in the darkness . 
 stars in the night sky . 
 if he stared long enough , they would grow brighter , falling toward him . 
 but the night sky had always scared him . 
 so he shied away , back to the moment . 
 as he did so , a hunger filled him . 
 but like the memory before , this appetite did not belong to him . 
 close by , a large heart thundered , swallowing pyotr 's feeble beat . 
 strange odors swelled through his senses : wet grass , the whispers of hot blood in the air , the feel of gravel underfoot . 
 a breath drew heavily , much larger than his own small chest . 
 the scent of the hunt fired through him . 
 then another musk came with it . 
 a new scent . 
 another hunter in their midsts . 
 but this scent carried more than pungent odor . 
 memory of searing agony came with it . 
 spine prickling , fury burned away hunger . 
 as pyotr huddled tighter , that large heart stalked forward , padding toward him . 
 monk fled along the rear of the roadside buildings and headed toward the lower half of the street . 
 his back and chest burned , scratched and impaled by splinters from the narrow squeeze between the two clapboard shops . 
 he had secured pyotr in the truck , safe from the tiger for the moment-but not from the sniper . 
 his first priority was to lure the soldier away from the children , to get him chasing after monk into the mix of buildings below . 
 survival and outwitting the soldier would have to follow that . 
 monk ran low . 
 he stuck close to the buildings and avoided piles of dry leaves and foundation gravel . 
 he moved silently until he reached where the lower switchback cut downward . 
 rounding the last building , he edged back to the main street . 
 had he gone far enough ? 
 holding his breath , he peeked around the corner and scanned up the street . 
 he spotted the brickwork of the general store , the rusted truck , and the roadway of weeds and high grass . 
 nothing moved . 
 a breeze flowed down the mountain and feathered the tips of the grass blades . 
 but there was no sign of the sniper . 
 he had to be out there , possibly sneaking up on the children . 
 monk could not risk a hostage situation if the sniper grabbed one of the kids . 
 monk bunched his legs under him . 
 he had to dash across the street and down to the lower level of the ramshackle town . 
 the crunch of gravel would make plenty of noise . 
 but he had to be convincing to draw off the soldier . 
 taking a deep breath , monk burst out of hiding and pounded across the gravel . 
 `` run ! '' 
 he yelled and waved an arm to imaginary children . 
 `` just keep running ! '' 
 let the sniper think that all the children were with - - crack - fire impaled monk 's thigh . 
 his left leg went out from under him . 
 he landed hard , his arms out to protect him . 
 gravel tore skin from his palm and stumped wrist . 
 he let momentum roll him farther down the street . 
 a second rifle blast ripped through the grass over his head with a sharp whistle . 
 monk dropped flat , but he spied through the grass and saw the soldier rise . 
 he had been hiding farther up the street , about halfway toward the brick store . 
 rifle on his shoulder , he sidled straight at monk . 
 the soldier had anticipated his adversary circling to the rear . 
 he had hidden in wait , ready to ambush . 
 but the soldier was n't the only one hunting . 
 fifty yards up the street , a parted v of grass swept straight toward the soldier , like a torpedo through water . 
 borsakov kept his face stoic , but a dark satisfaction rang through him . 
 he had the man down , immobile , defenseless . 
 he would end this here , make the american pay for the deaths of his comrades on the boat , make him suffer : a bullet through the kneecap , perhaps another through his shoulder . 
 as borsakov took another step , a shift of gravel sounded behind him , a whisper of grass blades , rushing like the wind . 
 not the wind . 
 he knew . 
 borsakov twisted around . 
 he started firing before he 'd even secured his stance . 
 he squeezed hard , rifle chugging with automatic fire in a wide swath . 
 a feral scream of rage ripped through the blasts as zakhar burst out of the grass and leaped straight at him : legs wide , black claws bared , muzzle curled back from curved yellow fangs . 
 borsakov fired and fired . 
 blood burst in sprays from the striped fur-but he knew there was no stopping the monster . 
 it was fury and pain , revenge and hunger , lust and determination . 
 in the face of such horror , a scream burst from borsakov 's throat , guttural and raw , a primal cry of terror . 
 then the tiger landed and pounded him to the ground . 
 monk shifted higher , watching the tiger savage the soldier 's body . 
 it reminded him of the bear ripping into the massive wolves yesterday . 
 monk heard the moist crack of bone , and the man 's scream cut off . 
 the soldier 's body was shaken like a rag doll , gripped by the neck , blood fountaining . 
 monk had seen enough and bounded straight at the tiger , his left leg on fire , dripping with blood . 
 the soldier 's weapon had been flung from his body as he was smashed under the eight hundred pounds of feral muscle and claw . 
 the rifle landed halfway between the tiger and monk . 
 they would not survive this monster without it . 
 a growl spat toward him . 
 zakhar 's eyes fixed on monk . 
 in that black regard , monk knew the cat recognized him , the murderer of his brother . 
 the tiger crouched atop the broken russian 's body , muscles rippling , hackles high , fur sticking straight out in all directions . 
 blood flowed across the tiger 's chest and flanks , blurring stripes . 
 the cat survived on pure fury . 
 reaching the weapon , monk slid on his knees and scooped up the rifle . 
 one-handed , monk struggled with the weapon , tangling with its strap and fumbling to bring it up and find the trigger . 
 he would never make it in time . 
 zakhar 's rear legs bunched for the kill - - when a second feline scream echoed down the street . 
 it was not as loud , but it rang out in a perfect yowl of fury and grief . 
 monk recognized it , having heard it just hours ago . 
 the death cry of arkady , brother of zakhar . 
 recognizing it , too , zakhar leaped up , twisted in midair , and landed in a crouch , tail high . 
 a hiss flowed from the giant cat , less fury , more wary confusion . 
 monk lifted the rifle and aimed for the metal cap screwed over the back of the skull . 
 he drew a fix just below it . 
 steps away , zakhar 's feral hiss escalated into a whine of pain , of grief , looking for his lost brother . 
 firming his stance , monk squeezed the trigger . 
 the rifle kicked with a sharp retort . 
 the tiger jerked , then dropped flat into the grass . 
 monk sank to his side , leaning on his stump . 
 he shouldered the rifle . 
 he knew his aim had been true , a merciful kill shot through the base of the skull . 
 he checked his own wound . 
 the soldier 's bullet had ripped a gash in his thigh , but it had passed clean through . 
 he 'd live . 
 monk took several breaths , then forced himself to rise . 
 from down the street , konstantin and kiska appeared . 
 monk knew he owed his life to little kiska and her perfect pitch and mimicry . 
 heard once , she had emulated arkady 's cry , amplified by the rolled sheet of tin konstantin now tossed aside into the grass . 
 marta bounded out of the store and straight for the truck . 
 they would collect pyotr and move on . 
 limping , monk studied the mine complex above the town . 
 they still had a hard climb , but monk had something to do here first . 
 he hobbled over to zakhar and placed a hand on the tiger 's bloody shoulder , wishing the beast the peace it had never known during its life here . 
 `` go on now , big fella ... go join your brother . '' 
 12:43 a.m. washington , d.c. painter raced down the empty hallway toward the stairs . 
 alarms rang , accompanied by the protocol alpha siren . 
 evacuation of the facility was almost complete . 
 the emergency exits emptied into a neighboring underground parking garage . 
 painter did not doubt that mapplethorpe had men guarding those exits , making sure the child did n't escape . 
 but at least the base personnel should be out of the underground cement bunker . 
 all except those caught during the initial attack . 
 after setting the fail-safe , painter had stopped first at the communication nest of central command and had tapped into the video feed . 
 he 'd found that outside communication had been cut off , indicating someone had the schematics to the command structure , but they 'd left internal lines open . 
 from the top floor 's cameras , he watched mapplethorpe 's commandos gather a dozen hostages , their wrists secured behind their backs with plastic ties . 
 it could 've been worse . 
 at this late hour , sigma had been lightly staffed . 
 satisfied , painter had prepared what he 'd needed , and once done , he turned his attention to the danger closest to his heart . 
 he shoved open the door to the stairwell and almost knocked kat bryant on her rear end . 
 she carried sasha in her arms . 
 he struggled to comprehend . 
 beyond kat , he spotted malcolm jennings and a security guard . 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 he stammered out . 
 lisa shoved past malcolm and hurried up to him . 
 she was covered in blood . 
 his heart hammered , but she seemed uninjured . 
 she wrapped her arms around him and gave him a fast hug . 
 he felt the shudder of her relief , matched by his own-then they parted , professional again . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asked . 
 kat related in terse , dispassionate thumbnails , finishing with , `` we 're attempting to evacuate . '' 
 `` you 'll never make it out with sasha , '' he said . 
 `` all the exits are surely covered . '' 
 `` then what do we do ? '' 
 lisa asked . 
 painter checked his watch . 
 `` well , by escaping on your own , you 've already made my life easier . '' 
 he pointed back down . 
 `` take sasha to the gym locker room . 
 secure her in there . 
 all of you . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 kat asked . 
 he kissed lisa on the cheek , turned toward the door , and headed out . 
 `` i 've got one last thing to do-then i 'll join you . '' 
 `` be careful , '' lisa said . 
 kat called back to him . 
 `` director ! 
 monk 's still alive ! '' 
 painter halted , glanced behind him , but the stairwell door slammed shut . 
 what ? 
 he had no time to inquire what she had meant . 
 it would have to wait . 
 he sprinted back down the hall and returned to where he had started , back to the communication nest . 
 slowing , he tested the air . 
 a sweetness permeated the space , as it should all of central command . 
 it was the first stage of the fail-safe program : feeding a gaseous accelerant into the air . 
 it took a minimum of fifteen minutes to reach critical levels . 
 and while it was safe to breathe for at least a couple of hours , they did n't have that long . 
 in another ten minutes , the fail-safe would ignite sparks throughout the base and trigger a firestorm across all levels of central command . 
 the flash fire would last only a few seconds , fed by the accelerant in the air , searing every surface within the concrete bunker . 
 then sprinklers would kick in , dousing the flames immediately . 
 inside the communication nest , painter checked the row of monitors , receiving video feed from cameras on every level . 
 he stalked along them until he found the one he was looking for . 
 it showed mapplethorpe standing beside sean mcknight . 
 he held a pistol to sean 's back . 
 behind them , commandos began disappearing down an open stairwell door . 
 painter tapped on the audio from the camera . '' 
 - madness , '' sean said . 
 `` you ca n't circumvent channels like this . 
 do you think you can perform an unsanctioned assault upon another agency , then try to clean it up afterward ? '' 
 `` i 've done it before , '' mapplethorpe growled . 
 `` it 's all a matter of producing the results to match the offense . '' 
 `` in other words , the ends justify the means , '' sean scoffed . 
 `` you 'll never get away with it . 
 two people are dead . '' 
 `` is that all ? 
 like i said , i 've done this many times before . 
 abroad and here . '' 
 painter cut into the conversation . 
 he spoke into a microphone that broadcast through speakers on that floor . 
 `` mapplethorpe ! '' 
 the man jolted , but he kept his pistol steady . 
 he searched around , then found the camera on the wall . 
 he regained his composure , his lips settling into a sneer of derision . 
 `` ah , director , so you have n't evacuated with the rest of your people . 
 very good . 
 then let us end this quickly . 
 bring up the girl , and no one else needs to get hurt . '' 
 painter spoke into the microphone . 
 `` we 've already taken out your man , mapplethorpe , and hidden the girl where you wo n't find her . '' 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 mapplethorpe sniffed a bit at the air . 
 `` i see you 've activated sigma 's fail-safe program . '' 
 painter felt a chill . 
 the man had obtained more than just their base schematics ; he 'd tapped deep into their protocols . 
 sean had warned him about mapplethorpe . 
 the bastard had his fingers everywhere , a black spider dancing in the intelligence web . 
 his oily and bland demeanor hid a much more dangerous core . 
 `` and i believe you 've set the timer for zero one hundred , '' mapplethorpe said , confirming the depths of his intel . 
 `` we 've been unable to decrypt the code to stop it , but something tells me we wo n't have to . 
 not with my holding twenty hostages above . 
 twenty of your men and women . 
 with families and lives beyond these walls . 
 i do n't think you 've got the brass balls to let them die , to be slain by your own hand . 
 whereas i - '' mapplethorpe lifted his gun to the back of sean 's head . '' 
 - have no such qualms . '' 
 the man fired . 
 the pistol blast overloaded the speakers , turning into a digital pop and squawk . 
 sean fell to his knees , then to the floor . 
 painter 's chest tightened , unable to take a breath . 
 disbelief rang through him . 
 a part of him expected sean to stand back up , to shake off the attack . 
 but just as quickly , a flame as hot as the coming firestorm burned through painter . 
 stunned at the man 's brutality and callousness , painter could form no words . 
 unlike his adversary . 
 mapplethorpe 's voice returned . 
 `` we 're coming for that girl , director . 
 and no one is going to stop us . '' 
 18 september 7 , 10:38 a.m. pripyat , ukraine gray secured the black belt over the russian field jacket , camouflaged in forest green . 
 he stamped his feet more securely into the boots . 
 kowalski tossed him a furred cap . 
 the stolen uniform fit decently , but his partner 's outfit looked ready to burst at the seams . 
 the two russian soldiers , stripped to their underclothes , had been posted at the front of the jailhouse . 
 caught by surprise , it had not been hard to knock them out and secure the uniforms . 
 `` let 's go , '' gray said and headed to a motorcycle . 
 `` shotgun , '' kowalski called out . 
 gray glanced over , realizing the man was not talking about a weapon . 
 they both had an-94 russian assault rifles . 
 kowalski eyed the sidecar to the imz-ural motorcycle . 
 `` always wanted to ride in one of these , '' he said and climbed into the open car . 
 gray shifted the rifle over a shoulder and hiked a leg over the seat . 
 moments later , engine growling , they shot through the old prison gates and out into the weed-strewn streets of pripyat . 
 gray checked his wristwatch . 
 twenty minutes . 
 leaning lower , he throttled up , goosed the gas , and sped through the faded , rusted city . 
 the asphalt was broken , and shattered glass threatened the tires . 
 around every corner , they met unexpected obstacles : abandoned rusted skeletons of automobiles , moss-covered old furniture , and even a strangely surreal stack of band instruments . 
 despite the hazards , gray raced at breakneck speeds , taking corners hard enough to lift the sidecar off its tire . 
 kowalski whooped a bit at these turns . 
 they passed the occasional soldier patrolling the streets , who lifted a rifle or arm in greeting as they raced past ; at other times , gray spotted a flash of a haunted face peering through a broken window , one of the stray scavengers of the city . 
 reaching the outskirts of pripyat , gray sped toward the horizon as a trio of deer sprang away from the roar of the cycle . 
 he aimed for the towering ventilation stack of the reactor . 
 even over the roar of the cycle , he heard snatches of amplified voices rolling out from the grandstands . 
 according to masterson , senator nicolas solokov was planning some attack on those gathered here to observe the sealing of the chernobyl reactor . 
 but what was the man 's plan ? 
 what was operation uranus ? 
 as gray raced down a freshly paved asphalt road , he studied the growing hulk of the chernobyl complex ahead . 
 his eyes were drawn to what looked like a gargantuan quonset hut off to one side . 
 the arched steel hangar reflected the morning sunlight like a mirror . 
 and it was moving . 
 like oil on water , the sunlight flowed over its curved exterior . 
 it closed slowly upon the chernobyl reactor . 
 most of the complex was gray concrete and whitewashed surfaces , but along one side , a hulking structure stuck out along one edge , blackened like a dead tooth . 
 it marked the grave of reactor number four , a massive black sarcophagus . 
 the rolling hangar , open at one end , sought to swallow the structure under its high arch . 
 as they drew closer , gray 's mind shuffled through possibilities . 
 archibald polk had been exposed to a deadly level of radiation , possibly from here . 
 whatever nicolas was planning had to involve the old reactor . 
 nothing else made sense . 
 masterson had warned that security would be high near the grandstands , especially with the number of dignitaries in attendance . 
 the stands stood a quarter mile from the reactor . 
 gray weighed which path to take : to head for the grandstands or the reactor . 
 what if he was wrong about the reactor ? 
 could there be a bomb somewhere among the stands ? 
 as the bike shot across the open plain between pripyat and chernobyl , a broadcasted voice reached him , echoing and hollow , extolling the virtues of nuclear cooperation in the new world . 
 there was no mistaking that voice . 
 gray had attended several events at the white house . 
 it was the president of the united states . 
 gray factored this into his account . 
 the secret service would surely have canvassed the site , swept it multiple times , set up a strict protocol . 
 additionally , the secret service would have agents on all sides of the reactor , again searching for any threat . 
 gray studied the number of parked vehicles , the sea of satellite antennas . 
 the entire grandstand area was cordoned off with fences , gates , and patrolling guards-on foot and in open jeeps . 
 while his disguise worked at a distance , gray doubted the ruse would get him through to the stands . 
 he had no identification , no passes for the event . 
 as he weighed his options , speeding toward the immense site , he was awed by the sheer size of the project . 
 the giant steel hangar slowly trundled along a pair of tracks , pulled by whale-size hydraulic jacks . 
 it had already reached the dead reactor and had begun to close over it , arching high into the sky , its steel now nearly blinding with sunlight , so tall that the statue of liberty could stand on her own shoulders and still not reach the roof of the arched hangar . 
 even kowalski whistled his appreciation at the dimensions of the rolling structure . 
 he finally leaned over and called out , `` what 's the plan when we - ? '' 
 gray lifted an arm , silencing him . 
 a new voice had cut into the president 's speech . 
 like the president , this speaker was also familiar . 
 he spoke russian , then repeated his words in english , playing for the international audience . 
 senator nicolas solokov 's voice boomed toward gray . 
 `` i protest this travesty ! '' 
 he bellowed . 
 `` here we all are , congratulating ourselves for erasing a shameful piece of russian history-for hiding it , as though it never happened , sweeping it under a steel rug . 
 but what about those killed during the explosion , what about the hundreds of thousands doomed to die of cancers and leukemia , what of the thousands of babies born into deformity , pain , and mental debilitation ? 
 who will speak for them ? '' 
 gray was now close enough to see the stage that rose before the amphitheater seating . 
 figures were too small to make out , but giant video screens flanked the stage . 
 one displayed the russian president , the other the united states 's leader . 
 each president stood behind a podium . 
 in the center of the stage , another figure stood amid chaos . 
 nicolas solokov . 
 guards tried to haul the senator from the stage , while others protected him so he could speak . 
 from all the milling confusion , nicolas must have barged onto the stage to initiate this dramatic , televised protest . 
 off to the side , men in black surrounded and shielded the president . 
 whatever nicolas had planned , it had begun . 
 gray leaned lower and gunned the engine . 
 the motorcycle rocketed down the blacktop toward the stands . 
 the speaker squawked with electronic feedback , then nicolas continued , shouting , `` you all believe a handsome coffin like this marks an end to a blasted legacy , but it is all sham ! 
 the monster has already escaped its cage ! 
 no matter how large a lock or how strong the steel , you can not put that monster back behind bars . 
 the only real end to this legacy is to fundamentally change our attitudes , to set true and lasting policy . 
 this ceremony is nothing more than a pale charade ! 
 all posture , no substance ! 
 we should be ashamed ! '' 
 finally , the guards overwhelmed the senator 's supporters . 
 nicolas 's microphone was ripped from his hands . 
 he was dragged bodily off the stage . 
 the russian president began speaking in his native tongue , sounding both angry and apologetic . 
 the u.s. president motioned the agents to disperse , not wanting to appear spooked by a showboating politician . 
 speeches slowly resumed . 
 behind them , the arch continued to swallow the reactor . 
 gray slowed his bike . 
 he still had a choice to make : to head to the grandstands or the reactor . 
 he considered nicolas 's protest , his dramatic exit . 
 it had all been artfully staged . 
 the senator had plainly orchestrated a reason not to be at the event , to be taken away . 
 but where ? 
 he would not leave that to chance . 
 he would not risk being trapped in harm 's way . 
 whoever had dragged nicolas from the stage must be in his employ , removing him to safety . 
 beyond the gaggle of tv vans , gray spotted a green army jeep hightailing it away from the media area . 
 it was on a dirt road that paralleled the eight-foot-tall tracks of the massive archway . 
 the rutted path headed away from the reactor and curved around the end of the tracks toward the rear side of the complex . 
 gray spotted a suited figure in the backseat . 
 nicolas . 
 gray stared upward . 
 the blinding steel structure now consumed half of the blackened hulk of the sarcophagus . 
 in another fifteen minutes , it would close completely over the crypt . 
 the grandstands rested a quarter mile away from the reactor . 
 gray had to make a choice . 
 he pictured nicolas solokov seated behind the desk in the guard shack during the interrogation . 
 from the cut of his clothes to the patterns of his speech , the man was arrogant and self-assured , an ego matched only by a need to control . 
 it radiated out of him . 
 nicolas would want to watch what was to come . 
 so why was he heading behind the reactor ? 
 unless ... gray swung the cycle off the blacktop and cut across the open fields . 
 he headed straight for the end of the tracks , intending to intercept the vehicle as it rounded the bend in the road . 
 `` pierce ! '' 
 kowalski yelled . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` to save the president . '' 
 `` but the grandstand 's over that way ! '' 
 kowalski pointed an arm in the opposite direction . 
 ignoring him , gray bounced the cycle like a dirt bike across the rolling plain . 
 kowalski clutched tightly to the handrails . 
 gray gunned the engine and sped faster over the wild terrain . 
 mud and grass spattered behind him . 
 ahead , the jeep raced alongside the four hundred yards of tracks . 
 the vehicle was almost to the end . 
 it would be close . 
 gray was still a football field away from the road . 
 and they 'd been spotted . 
 an arm pointed toward their racing motorcycle . 
 from the distance , gray and kowalski would appear to be russian soldiers out for a joy ride . 
 confusion should reign for a moment in the jeep . 
 that 's all they would have . 
 `` kowalski ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` can you take out one of their rear tires as they make that curve ? '' 
 `` are you nuts ? '' 
 he asked , his voice rattling with the bike . 
 `` hang on . '' 
 gray angled the bike into a dry sandy wash . 
 floods had swept the stretch fairly flat and smooth . 
 `` take your shot ! '' 
 he yelled to kowalski . 
 the large man already had his assault rifle up . 
 kowalski braced himself in the sidecar and brought the rifle to his shoulder . 
 gray heard him almost purr to his weapon . 
 `` c'mon , baby , make daddy proud . '' 
 directly ahead , the jeep had reached the end of the tracks . 
 it slowed to make the sharp turn but still took the corner hard . 
 the driver fought to hold his vehicle to the road . 
 gray heard a pop-pop from the sidecar . 
 the russian an-94 fired double shots with every squeeze . 
 at the same time , the jeep suddenly fishtailed as the driver lost control , his left rear tire smoking and tossing tread . 
 it skidded sideways and slammed into a concrete pylon between the ends of the track . 
 kowalski hooted his satisfaction and rubbed the side of his weapon . 
 `` thank you , baby ! '' 
 further self-congratulation was cut off as their cycle left the sandy wash and sailed back into coarser terrain . 
 spitting rocks , the cycle tore forward and reached the roadway in seconds . 
 the russian jeep rested where it had crashed , one side crumpled , killing one of the soldiers in the front passenger seat . 
 the other three occupants had piled out and retreated into a jumble of concrete barriers and low metal shacks that filled the space between the two track rails . 
 as gray rounded into view , a roar of clapping erupted from the grandstands , along with cheering . 
 the ceremony was reaching its climax . 
 covered by the noise , gray barely heard the shots fired at them . 
 the bike 's front tire blew , but gray had anticipated an attack and aimed the cycle to the far side of the crumpled jeep . 
 he slammed to a skidding stop behind it and rolled off the bike . 
 kowalski tumbled out alongside him , and together they sheltered behind the crashed vehicle . 
 more rounds pinged off the front of the jeep . 
 gray risked a fast peek around the rear bumper . 
 he spotted a suited figure fleeing straight down the center of the tracks , which rose eight feet tall to either side , built of concrete and steel . 
 nicolas solokov was making a three-hundred-yard dash for the goal-in this case , the back end of the rolling archway . 
 gray tried to get a shot at him , but a bullet struck the bumper and whistled past his ear . 
 he caught a glimpse of a smoking pistol , borne aloft by a raven-haired woman . 
 elena . 
 cursing , he dropped back . 
 kowalski yelped , nicked in the shoulder . 
 the woman and a soldier held them pinned down . 
 gray checked his watch . 
 ten minutes . 
 nicolas heard gunfire behind him and tried to race faster down the concourse between the raised tracks , but he 'd twisted his left ankle after the crash . 
 he had to trust elena to keep him safe . 
 two workers walked behind the backside of the steel shelter . 
 the massive structure rolled slowly along the rails , creeping a foot a minute on teflon bearings , drawn by the massive hydraulic pulling jacks to either side . 
 a garage-door-size service hatch lay open ahead and offered access to the inside of the looming shelter . 
 it was the main reason nicolas had fled from the others . 
 he could not be sitting in front of that open door when operation uranus came to fruition . 
 he hobbled as fast as he could down the packed gravel roadway between the tracks . 
 he had to get through that door , across the interior of the shelter , and out the rear side before it closed . 
 even he could n't stop operation uranus . 
 all he could do was get out of its way . 
 the plan had been formulated back in 1999 , when the shelter implementation plan had first started . 
 the sip 's goal was to stabilize and cover the old sarcophagus . 
 engineers had been warning for years that the old crypt could collapse at any moment , exposing two hundred tons of radioactive uranium to the atmosphere . 
 by that time , sections of the old sarcophagus had already begun to crumble . 
 tiny holes and fissures had formed . 
 so the first phase of the sip sought to stabilize the sarcophagus . 
 that meant patching holes , shoring up structural wall pillars , and securing the rickety ventilation stack . 
 this was all done while the shelter 's massive arch was being constructed a safe four hundred yards away . 
 that initial structural work was completed in 1999-but it held some secrets . 
 after the fall of the soviet union , corruption ran rampant . 
 it had cost little to have four concussion charges secretly planted into the new wall pillars . 
 they had remained dormant and inactive until yesterday . 
 last night , one of nicolas 's men had sent a signal to the buried charges , setting the timers to match the closure of the shelter over the sarcophagus . 
 once set , there was no turning back . 
 at exactly two minutes before the shelter sealed , the charges would blow . 
 no one would even hear them . 
 all that would be noted was a crash of concrete , followed by the collapse of an entire section of the sarcophagus 's wall-the side that faced the grandstands . 
 for an entire two minutes , the stands would be bathed in massive amounts of radiation before the shelter finally sealed against the concrete wall behind the sarcophagus . 
 the exposure would not be enough to cause immediate fatalities . 
 in fact , no one would feel anything . 
 but during those two minutes , everyone in attendance would absorb a lethal dose of radiation . 
 they would all be dead within a matter of weeks . 
 in attendance were the russian prime minister and president , alongside the leaders from across the americas and the european union . 
 if successful , nicolas 's mission would throw the major world governments into disarray , so that when the radiological bloom spread globally from his mother 's operation at chelyabinsk 88 , the world would need a strong voice , someone who had spent his career warning of just such a catastrophe . 
 they would turn to the only survivor of operation uranus . 
 and over the coming months-guided by the secret cabal of savants-nicolas would demonstrate a remarkable prescience , intuitive knowledge , and brilliant foresight . 
 out of the fire to come , nicolas would quickly rise to power in russia , and from there , stretch his influence globally . 
 the russian empire would rise from these radioactive ashes to guide the world in a new direction . 
 it was such a thought that fueled him now . 
 he limped up to the two men following the back end of the shelter . 
 he pulled the pistol from his pocket . 
 two head shots . 
 almost point-blank . 
 they dropped like leaden sacks to the gravel . 
 there could be no witnesses . 
 nicolas hurried through the open service hatch that pierced the back wall of the hangar . 
 it took a dozen steps to cross through the hatch . 
 the shelter 's steel walls were twelve meters thick . 
 once through , nicolas entered the heart of the shelter . 
 despite his desperation , he gaped at the sheer wonder of the massive space . 
 the arch of steel climbed a hundred meters overhead and was two and a half times as wide . 
 cavernous did not describe the place . 
 like stars in the night sky , hundreds of lamps lit the vast interior , positioned along steel scaffolding that lined the inside of the shelter . 
 overhead , a maze of yellow tracks crisscrossed the roof . 
 giant robotic cranes waited stationary , ready to tear apart the old sarcophagus . 
 giant hooks the size of ships ' anchors and skeletal pronged grips hung from the trolley cranes . 
 just inside the shelter , nicolas stopped long enough to hit the giant red button that closed the service hatch . 
 it trundled slowly closed behind him , creeping down on giant gears . 
 according to their original plan , nicolas and elena were to hole up outside in a control booth on the far side of the shelter . 
 the booth , which controlled the winch engines , was heavily lead-lined to protect the operator from any radiation . 
 it was also positioned on the opposite side from the concussive charges , so exposure should be minimal . 
 nicolas needed to reach that booth , but if elena remained pinned down between the tracks back there , he wanted to protect her from the burst of radiation that would come . 
 though not in a direct line of the exposure like the grandstands , her position could still be exposed to scatter radiation through the open rear hatch-maybe not enough to kill her , but it could destroy her chances of having healthy children . 
 so to protect his own future genetic heritage , nicolas sought to shield her . 
 but more than that , he could not totally discount that he did care for the woman . 
 his mother would interpret such tender feelings as weakness , but nicolas could not deny his heart . 
 as the door slowly lowered , nicolas headed off . 
 `` elena ! '' 
 gray called out from behind the jeep . 
 `` you must help us ! '' 
 there was no answer . 
 at least not from elena . 
 `` pierce , i do n't think you 're going to talk your way out of this , '' kowalski said . 
 his partner crouched a few steps away . 
 his shoulder wept blood through his jacket , but it was only a graze . 
 `` she 's one crazy bitch . 
 why is it always the crazy ones who are such good shots ? '' 
 `` i do n't think she 's crazy , '' gray mumbled . 
 at least he hoped not . 
 he had seen how she had reacted to the revelation that sasha was nicolas 's biological daughter . 
 a mix of shocked dismay and protectiveness . 
 there was some connection between elena and the girl , something more than just an augmented sisterhood . 
 he had to trust he was correct . 
 `` sasha came to me ! '' 
 gray called out . 
 `` sought me out . 
 she guided us here for a reason . '' 
 silence stretched . 
 then a soft voice finally spoke . 
 `` how ? 
 how did sasha guide you here ? '' 
 elena was testing him . 
 gray took a deep breath . 
 he lifted his rifle in the air and tossed it aside . 
 `` pierce ... , '' kowalski growled . 
 `` if you think i 'm throwing my gun away , you 're as nutty as she is . '' 
 gray stood up . 
 across the gap , the russian soldier 's rifle shifted toward him . 
 elena also rose and barked at the soldier , keeping him from shooting outright . 
 elena wanted to know more about sasha . 
 across the way , the russian pair shared a fortress of concrete pylons . 
 elena kept her pistol pointed at him . 
 gray answered her question . 
 `` how did sasha guide us ? 
 she drew pictures . 
 first she guided the gypsies to my door . 
 then she drew a picture of the taj mahal , which guided us to india , where we discovered your true heritage and history . 
 you have to ask yourself why . 
 sasha is special , is she not ? '' 
 elena just stared at him with her hard , dark eyes . 
 gray took that as agreement and continued , letting her see and hear the truth in his words . 
 `` why were we sent to india ? 
 why even engage us at all ? 
 why now ? 
 there has to be a reason . 
 i think sasha-consciously or unconsciously-is trying to stop what you 're planning on doing . '' 
 elena showed no flicker of acknowledgment , but gray was still alive . 
 `` she sent us on a path to discover your roots : from the oracle of delphi , through the gypsies , to now . 
 i think there was some reason your lineage was begun . 
 perhaps the fulfillment of a great prophecy that is yet to come . '' 
 `` what prophecy ? '' 
 elena asked . 
 gray noted a flicker of both recognition and fear . 
 was there some nightmare etched into their psyches ? 
 gray pictured the mosaics found at the greek stronghold in india , including the last mosaic on the wall , a fiery shape rising out of smoke from the omphalos . 
 gray took a chance and quickly described what they had found , finishing with , `` the figure looked like a boy with eyes of fire . '' 
 the pistol in elena 's arm began to tremble-though it still did n't waver from its aim at his chest . 
 gray heard elena mumble a name that sounded like peter . 
 `` who is peter ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` pyotr , '' elena corrected . 
 `` sasha 's brother . 
 he has nightmares sometimes . 
 wakes screaming , saying his eyes are on fire . 
 but ... but ... '' `` what ? '' 
 gray pressed , intrigued despite the time pressure . 
 `` when he wakes , we all do . 
 for just a moment , we see pyotr burning . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` but his talent is empathy . 
 he 's very strong . 
 we attributed the nightmares to some quake of his talent that radiated outward . 
 an empathic echo . '' 
 `` it 's not just an echo from pyotr , '' gray realized aloud . 
 `` it 's an echo going back to the beginning . '' 
 but where does it end ? 
 gray stared over to elena . 
 `` you can not truly want what is to come . 
 sasha plainly did not . 
 she brought me here . 
 if she wanted nicolas 's plan to work , all she had to do was remain silent . 
 but she did n't . 
 she brought me to you , elena . 
 to you . 
 to this moment . 
 you have the chance to either help sasha or destroy what she started . 
 it 's your choice . '' 
 her decision was instantaneous , perhaps born out of the fire in her brain . 
 she pivoted on a toe and fired . 
 the russian soldier dropped , killed instantly . 
 gray hurried over to her . 
 `` how do we stop operation uranus ? '' 
 `` you can not , '' she answered , her voice slightly dazed , perhaps dizzy from the sudden reversal of roles , or perhaps merely waking from a long dream . 
 elena handed gray her pistol , as if knowing where he must go . 
 he was already sidling past her and heading off between the rails . 
 if she did n't know how to stop operation uranus , perhaps nicolas did . 
 `` you must hurry , '' she said . 
 `` but i. . . 
 i may know a way to help . '' 
 she turned and glanced toward the back side of the complex , where nicolas been headed originally . 
 gray pointed to the motorcycle . 
 though the front tire was flat , it would still be faster than on foot . 
 `` kowalski , help her . '' 
 `` but she shot me . '' 
 gray did n't have time to argue . 
 he turned and sprinted through the forest of concrete pylons . 
 the way opened ahead , lined by the tracks to either side . 
 at the other end of the concourse , he spotted nicolas limping through a wide door in the massive steel wall and vanishing into the darkness . 
 gray pounded down the way . 
 down to six minutes . 
 as he flew , he saw the black gap in the steel wall begin to narrow . 
 the door was closing . 
 they 'd escaped the jail , but now what ? 
 elizabeth ran behind rosauro , while luca trailed and guarded their backs with a pistol . 
 using his cane , masterson limped as best he could next to elizabeth . 
 she helped the old man by holding on to his elbow . 
 their first priority was to find a phone and to raise an alarm . 
 but the entire city appeared haunted and desolate . 
 birches grew out of broken streets , weeds grew everywhere , buildings were scribed with lichen and moss . 
 how were they going to find a working phone here ? 
 `` the next intersection ! '' 
 masterson gasped and waved his cane while taking a hop on his good leg . 
 `` to the left . 
 the polissia hotel should be at the end of that next block . '' 
 masterson had suggested the destination . 
 apparently the hotel had been renovated for a gala the prior night and was being used this morning as a shuttle station for guests invited to the ceremony . 
 but what about uninvited guests ? 
 elizabeth had caught a glimpse of gray and kowalski flying away on a motorcycle as they 'd made their own escape . 
 she hoped they were okay and could do something to stop that bastard . 
 as she fled with the others , her head ached and her eyes strained . 
 tension and fear wore her down . 
 `` i 'm sorry , elizabeth , '' masterson wheezed . 
 she glanced at him . 
 she knew he was apologizing for more than just involving her and the others in this escapade . 
 `` i truly did n't think your father was in any bloody danger , '' he explained . 
 `` i thought the russians ' interest in archibald 's work was just a matter of industrial espionage , stealing data . 
 i never thought it would result in his death . '' 
 even though she understood the professor 's position in the past and recognized the international threat now , she could not find her way to forgiving him . 
 not for her father , and not for involving them in all this without their consent . 
 she was tired of secrets-both her father 's and this man 's . 
 as they neared the intersection , two russian soldiers stepped from a doorway . 
 one dropped a cigarette and ground it underfoot . 
 the other lifted his rifle and barked at them in russian . 
 `` kak tebya zavut ? '' 
 `` let me handle this , '' masterson said and waved for rosauro and luca to lower their weapons . 
 the professor straightened his white hat and leaned more heavily on his cane . 
 he doddered to the front and called out in russian , `` dobraye utro ! '' 
 masterson spoke fluently . 
 all elizabeth understood were the words london times . 
 masterson must be attempting to pass them off as visiting press . 
 the soldier lowered his weapon . 
 `` you are englishers . '' 
 masterson nodded with a broad , embarrassed smile . 
 `` you speak english . 
 brilliant . 
 we 've gotten ourselves lost and could not find our way back to the polissia hotel . 
 if you 'd be so kind , perhaps you could escort us back there . '' 
 from the crinkling of the soldiers ' brows , they must not have understood him that well . 
 masterson was using their own lack of fluency to unbalance them , to deflect them from questioning the cover story . 
 but the soldier with the rifle did understand their goal . 
 `` polissia gostineetsa ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` da ! 
 now there 's a good chap . 
 could you take us there ? '' 
 the pair spoke in rapid snatches of russian . 
 finally one shrugged and the other turned with a nod . 
 behind them , a scream of a motorcycle erupted , shattering the quiet town . 
 far down the street , in the direction of the jail , a motorcycle with a flashing blue light and sidecar swung into the road , bearing two soldiers with furred caps . 
 they were spotted . 
 shouts called out in russian toward them . 
 suddenly the pair of soldiers in front of them stiffened . 
 `` trouble , '' masterson said and pushed elizabeth down the street . 
 `` run ! '' 
 rosauro spun on a heel and snap-kicked the closest soldier in the face . 
 bone cracked , and he fell stiffly backward . 
 the other guard lifted his weapon , but luca was quicker on the draw with his pistol . 
 blood exploded from the soldier 's shoulder , twisting him around as if mule-kicked , but his weapon chattered with automatic fire , sweeping toward them . 
 masterson rolled and shielded elizabeth , while both luca and rosauro dropped flat to the street . 
 the professor fell against her and knocked her to her knees . 
 luca 's pistol cracked again , and the gunfire ended . 
 masterson slid off her and slumped to the road . 
 elizabeth had felt the shuddering impacts into his body . 
 he rolled to his back while blood pooled under him . 
 `` hayden ! '' 
 he waved her off , still holding his cane . 
 `` go ! '' 
 the motorcycle screamed down the road toward them all . 
 rosauro yanked her up . 
 luca fired at the motorcycle , but it swerved behind cars and debris for cover . 
 return fire from the soldier in the sidecar sparked the pavement around them . 
 `` i 'm sorry , elizabeth , '' masterson said again , blood bubbling at his lips . 
 `` hayden ... '' she covered her mouth , unable to find the words to thank him , to forgive him . 
 still , he saw it in her eyes and gave a tiny nod of acknowledgment with a shadow of a smile , content . 
 `` go ... , '' he said hoarsely , eyelids closing . 
 rosauro pushed her down the street toward the next intersection . 
 luca kept firing one-handed behind him as he ran-then the slide on his pistol popped open , out of ammunition . 
 strafing fire chased them . 
 rosauro guided them alongside the edge of the road , putting a rusted truck between them and the cycle . 
 `` around the corner ! '' 
 but they 'd never make it . 
 no longer under fire , the cycle roared straight for them . 
 elizabeth looked over her shoulder . 
 as the motorcycle swerved through the bodies in the street , masterson suddenly rolled with the last of his strength and jammed his cane into the front wheel of the bike . 
 the stout rod snapped and sent the cycle flipping up on its front tire and over . 
 it crashed upside down and slid across the rough pavement , casting sparks and leaving a bloody smear . 
 rosauro urged them all onward . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 hopefully the cycle 's roar had covered most of the gunplay , but they had to be away from here as quickly as possible . 
 reaching the intersection , they headed along the next street . 
 a quarter mile down the road stood a bright hotel , freshly painted , lights glowing . 
 a few polished black limousines waited at the curb . 
 they hurried toward it . 
 luca tossed aside his empty pistol , and they did their best to straighten and dust off their clothes into some semblance of normalcy . 
 they slowed when they reached the hotel and strode toward it , as if they belonged . 
 no one accosted them . 
 the hotel was mostly deserted , just a pair of drivers lounging in the lobby . 
 a few staff members also worked behind a desk . 
 everyone else appeared to be at the ceremony . 
 rosauro crossed to the front counter . 
 `` is there a phone we could use ? 
 we ... we 're with the new york times . '' 
 `` press room ... over there , '' a tired-eyed young man said in halting english . 
 he pointed toward a door off the lobby . 
 `` spazeebo , '' rosauro thanked him . 
 she led them through the door . 
 the room was square with a low counter that ran along the full perimeter of the space . 
 a central table held mounds of office supplies : reams of paper , stacks of pads , pens , staplers . 
 but what drew elizabeth 's attention were the two-dozen black telephones that rested along the wall counter . 
 rosauro headed to one side , picked up the receiver , and listened for a dial tone . 
 she nodded her satisfaction . 
 as she dialed , she said , `` i 'll alert central command . 
 they 'll spread the word and get an evacuation started . '' 
 elizabeth sank into a neighboring chair . 
 in the momentary calm , she began to tremble all over . 
 she could not stop . 
 masterson 's death ... it broke something inside her . 
 tears started flowing-grieving for the professor , but also for her father . 
 rosauro finished dialing and waited . 
 a frown slowly formed , and her eyebrows pinched together . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 luca asked . 
 she shook her head , worried . 
 `` there 's no answer . '' 
 12:50 a.m. washington , d.c. painter knocked lightly on the locker room door and pushed it cautiously open . 
 he was met by a pistol pointed at his face . 
 kat lowered the weapon , her eyes relieved . 
 `` how 's everyone ? '' 
 he asked and followed her inside . 
 `` so far , so good . '' 
 a sigma corpsman took up her position at the door . 
 kat led painter into the main room , lined by banks of metal lockers and benches . 
 at the back was an archway that led to the showers and sauna . 
 kat led him to a neighboring aisle . 
 he found malcolm on a bench , and lisa seated on the floor , her arm around sasha . 
 the girl stared up at him with large blue eyes and rocked slightly . 
 her gaze found kat 's , and her entire body relaxed . 
 lisa stood . 
 she had changed into a fresh pair of scrubs , no longer covered in blood . 
 kat bent down , picked up sasha , and sat on the bench with her . 
 she whispered in the girl 's ear , which drew a small smile from the child . 
 lisa slipped into painter 's arms , then stared up at him for a breath . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she whispered , concerned . 
 painter thought he 'd been hiding it well , but how did one completely mask the fury and grief that filled him now ? 
 `` it 's sean , '' he said . 
 kat and malcolm glanced over to him . 
 painter took a deep breath . 
 `` the bastard killed him . '' 
 he could still hear the gunshot , the snap of feedback , and see his friend 's body fall . 
 `` oh , god ... , '' lisa mumbled and pulled tighter to him . 
 `` mapplethorpe 's heading down here , searching for the girl . '' 
 painter checked his watch . 
 kat noted his attention . 
 `` the fail-safe ? '' 
 `` set for four minutes . '' 
 painter prayed he had everything prepared correctly . 
 the air was now heavy with the sweet-smelling accelerant . 
 `` if we have to defend the room , '' kat asked , `` do we have to worry about the gunfire igniting the air ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` the compound functions like aerosolized c4 . 
 it takes a strong electrical spark to set it off , not a flash of fire . '' 
 lisa kept to his side . 
 `` then what do we do from here ? '' 
 painter waved them to their feet . 
 he wanted to protect them as best he could . 
 he would lose no others . 
 but he did n't have much to offer . 
 `` we 'd better hide . '' 
 mapplethorpe followed his commando team down the hall . 
 he had employed this same group of men many times in the past , a mercenary team that included former british s.a.s. and the south africa 's recces . 
 they were his muscle across the world political map . 
 they shied at nothing that was asked of them : assassinations , kidnappings , torture , rape . 
 whatever clandestine operation he needed run , these men would get it done . 
 best of all , afterward they would simply disappear , leaving no trace , just shadows and ghosts . 
 it was hard men such as these who kept the country secure . 
 where others feared to tread , these soldiers did not balk . 
 the point man reached a door at the end of the hall . 
 its sign read locker room . 
 the soldier held up a fist . 
 in his other hand , he clutched an electronic tracker . 
 earlier , trent mcbride had reported that the child 's microchip transmitter was still functioning . 
 there was no place she could hide . 
 they 'd picked up her signal on this level . 
 the commando waited upon his order to proceed . 
 mapplethorpe waved him through the door . 
 he checked his watch . 
 the fail-safe was set for another three minutes . 
 in case painter crowe decided not to abort the firestorm , he wanted the girl nabbed and evacuated . 
 if they were quick enough , it should not be a problem . 
 an emergency exit lay at the other end of the hallway and led off to an underground garage . 
 ahead , the soldiers burst through the door and ran low and fast into the next room . 
 mapplethorpe followed in their wake , closing the door behind him . 
 he heard quiet orders flow among the group as they spread through the rows of lockers . 
 mapplethorpe followed the commando with the tracker , flanked by two more soldiers . 
 the lead man ran along the lockers , his arm held high . 
 he finally reached the source of the signal , dropped his arm , and pointed . 
 in the silence , mapplethorpe heard a faint whimper coming from inside the locker . 
 at last . 
 a padlock secured the door , but another soldier whipped out a small set of bolt cutters and snapped the lock off . 
 mapplethorpe waved . 
 they were running out of time . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 the head commando tugged the locker 's handle and yanked the door open . 
 mapplethorpe caught a glimpse of a digital tape recorder , a radio transmitter-and a taser pistol wired to the door . 
 a trap . 
 mapplethorpe turned and ran . 
 behind him , the pistol fired with a pop and a crackle of electricity . 
 mapplethorpe screamed as he heard a loud whuff of ignition , sounding like the firing of a gas grill . 
 a flash of heat , and a fireball blew outward . 
 it picked him off his feet and carried him down the row . 
 his clothes roasted to his back . 
 he breathed flames , his scalp burned to bone . 
 he struck the wall , no longer human , just a flaming torch of agony . 
 he rolled and burned for a stretch of eternity-until darkness snuffed him away . 
 a floor below in the gym locker room , painter heard the screams echoing down from the medical locker room directly overhead . 
 he had set the trap above , knowing mapplethorpe would come searching for the girl 's signal . 
 he had planted one of the cobra radio transceivers used to draw off the helicopters back at the safe house . 
 like before , he set the device to mimic the girl 's signal . 
 as a boy , painter had often gone hunting with his father on the mashantucket reservation , his people 's tribal homelands . 
 he had grown skilled at the art of baiting a trap and luring prey . 
 today was no different . 
 his false trail had drawn the others like moths to a flame . 
 and like those moths , they met a fiery end . 
 painter felt no remorse for his trap . 
 he still pictured sean mcknight falling to the floor . 
 two other staff members had also been killed . 
 painter checked his watch . 
 the second hand swept past the twelve , crossing the fail-safe deadline set for one o'clock . 
 he held his breath , but nothing happened . 
 earlier , after setting the fail-safe , he had fled to the mechanical room and manually disabled the electronic sparking system . 
 he had needed the levels flooded with the accelerant gas , but mapplethorpe had been right . 
 painter could not let the men and women captured by the commando team die , not even to protect the girl . 
 so he had set the trap instead , localizing the firestorm to the one room and luring mapplethorpe and his team to it . 
 with a majority of the soldiers dispatched and its leader killed , the others would likely disperse and vanish into the night . 
 lisa leaned against him . 
 `` will the fires spread ? '' 
 the answer came from above . 
 sprinklers engaged and rained both water and foam over them . 
 `` is it over ? '' 
 she asked . 
 painter nodded . 
 `` right here it is . '' 
 still , painter knew things elsewhere were far from settled . 
 10:53 a.m. pripyat , ukraine gray sprinted toward the closing steel door at the back end of the massive hangar . 
 he pounded down the roadway between the tall rails . 
 he passed the bodies of two dead workers , shot in the head . 
 his heart thundered in his ears , but he still heard cheers echoing from the distant grandstands , as if this were a track meet and he was sprinting for the finish line in the four-hundred-meter dash . 
 only in this race , the spectators ' lives depended on him crossing the finish line in time . 
 with a final burst of speed , he reached the hatchway and dove on his belly under the descending door . 
 it was like entering a crawl space beneath a house . 
 the door was yards thick , composed of plates of steel . 
 he scrabbled forward as the edge continued to drop , pressing down on him . 
 panic fired his heart . 
 he kicked and paddled , worming his way forward as he was flattened farther under the thick door . 
 finally , he reached the end and rolled out into a cavernous space . 
 he took in the sight in a heartbeat : a vast interior , lined by scaffolding , enclosing a ten-story blocky structure of concrete and blackened steel . 
 it was the infamous sarcophagus , the gravestone over reactor four . 
 by now , the hangar had been hauled almost completely over the crypt . 
 beyond the sarcophagus rose a wall of concrete . 
 the hangar would end its crawl and butt up against that wall , sealing the sarcophagus completely . 
 but for now , an arch of sunlight spanned the sarcophagus like a fiery rainbow . 
 it was all that was left open to the world . 
 as gray stared , the sunlit rainbow grew incrementally narrower . 
 off to the left , gray heard someone speaking in russian outside the hangar , proud and bold , broadcasted loudly from the grandstands . 
 he also heard the continual steady drone of the hydraulic jacks as they pulled the hangar the last few feet . 
 then to the right , a pistol fired . 
 gray pictured the bodies outside . 
 nicolas was leaving an easy trail of bread crumbs to follow . 
 as gray sprinted in that direction , he kept low as he dodged around several stacks of plate steel , a pile of broken concrete , and a forklift . 
 the air smelled of oil and tasted rusty . 
 as he reached the corner of the sarcophagus , he freed the pistol from his belt . 
 peering around the corner , he spotted a figure limping toward the narrowing arch of sunlight . 
 he was about twenty yards from escaping . 
 gray leveled his pistol . 
 `` nicolas ! '' 
 gray barked at him . 
 startled , the man tripped around . 
 `` do n't move ! '' 
 gray shouted . 
 nicolas searched for a second , then turned and fled . 
 gray could not risk killing the man . 
 not until he found out what was planned . 
 so he took careful aim and shot . 
 nicolas 's good leg went out from under him . 
 he sprawled onto the floor . 
 gray rushed toward him , but a man such as nicolas did not rise to his height of power by folding under stress . 
 the senator rolled behind a stack of steel i-beams . 
 shots fired back at gray , forcing him to duck to the side . 
 he took shelter behind a pallet of lumber . 
 `` chyort ! 
 rodilsya cherez jopu ! '' 
 nicolas cursed at him in russian , his voice edging toward hysteria . 
 he yelled at gray . 
 `` we ca n't stay here , you svoloch ! 
 we have less than three minutes . '' 
 beyond the man 's hiding place , gray watched the sliver of sunlight between the massive concrete wall and the trundling hangar pinch ever closer together . 
 there was only four feet of space left . 
 no wonder nicolas was in a hurry . 
 `` then tell me how to stop operation uranus ! '' 
 gray called back . 
 `` there is no way to stop it ! 
 it 's all been set in motion . 
 all we can do is get out of the way ... now ! '' 
 `` tell me what you 've done . '' 
 `` fine ! 
 concussion charges ! 
 planted inside the pillars on the other side of the sarcophagus . 
 they 'll rip a wall down and expose everyone on that side to a lethal dose of radiation . 
 there 's no way to defuse them . 
 we must go now ! '' 
 gray attempted to digest what he 'd heard , trying to seek a solution . 
 even if he ran outside and screamed for an evacuation , it would be too late . 
 `` there 's no reason for us to die with them , '' nicolas continued . 
 `` the world needs a new direction . 
 needs strong men . 
 like myself . 
 like you . 
 our group 's goal is to better the state of mankind , to forge a new renaissance . '' 
 gray remembered the senator 's earlier discussion about propping up a new prophet onto the world stage . 
 so this is how he planned to do it , creating world chaos , then offering a solution , one promoted by a figurehead who was guided by the prescience and knowledge of augmented children . 
 `` even if we die here , '' nicolas pressed , `` it wo n't be the end . 
 plans are already in motion that can not be stopped . 
 our deaths would serve no purpose . 
 join us . 
 we can use such men as yourself . '' 
 in truth , gray could think of no way to stop what was to come . 
 beyond nicolas , the walls continued to close . 
 `` two minutes ! '' 
 he called to gray . 
 `` there 's a lead-lined control booth just outside . 
 we can still make it if we leave right now ! '' 
 nicolas shifted behind his hiding place , plainly considering making a run for it . 
 but with a twisted ankle on one side and a wounded leg on the other , he must know that path was certain death . 
 then again , so was staying here . 
 nicolas finally tossed out his pistol and stepped into the open . 
 he faced gray , arms out to either side , tottering on his legs . 
 `` if this is the only way to live , so be it ! '' 
 gray cursed under his breath . 
 unable to stop the deaths to come , his only recourse was to apprehend the mass murderer who had orchestrated the deadly operation . 
 gray stepped out into the open with his pistol leveled . 
 at that moment , the drone of the hydraulic pumps climbed into a screaming roar . 
 with a groan of twenty thousand tons , the massive arch began to shudder . 
 what was happening ? 
 kowalski stepped over the dead soldier to join elena at the control panel . 
 while gray had fled on foot , elena had driven the motorcycle like a nascar driver on crack . 
 kowalski had clung so hard to the sidecar 's handles that his fingers still trembled . 
 they had rocketed to the rear side of the steel archway and sailed up to a concrete bunker that trailed big cables . 
 it was the control shack for the hydraulic jacks . 
 a fierce but brief firefight followed . 
 kowalski had tried to help , but elena spun like a ballerina with a machine gun . 
 she danced and pirouetted through a hail of bullets as if anticipating each shot . 
 she took out four soldiers . 
 kowalski managed to kill only one . 
 nicolas 's men , elena had said once the gunfight ended . 
 once inside , elena had set to work . 
 bent over the control board , she pushed the hydraulics toward the redline , seeking to close the hangar faster . 
 just outside the shack 's window , one of the towering motors smoked , looking ready to blow . 
 on one of the screens , flashing red warning signs blinked . 
 that could n't be good . 
 kowalski stepped out of elena 's way and stared at a row of monitors . 
 they displayed video feed from inside the hangar . 
 on the middle screen , kowalski spotted two tiny figures on the floor . 
 gray and the russian guy . 
 from the angle of the camera , kowalski could see what gray could not . 
 oh , crap ! 
 `` elena ! '' 
 he called out . 
 `` a little help here ! '' 
 he turned in time to see her suddenly slump toward the floor . 
 he reached out and caught her around the waist . 
 his hand found the shirt under her dark jacket soaking and hot . 
 he parted the coat and saw her entire left side drenched in blood . 
 it seemed her dancing had not been as flawless as he 'd thought . 
 `` why did n't you say something ? '' 
 he said with an ache in his voice . 
 she waved to the monitors . 
 `` show me . '' 
 gray struggled to comprehend the sudden acceleration of the hangar 's closure . 
 the momentum of twenty thousand tons was not easy to get moving quickly , but it was definitely closing faster , accompanied by the scream of hydraulic motors . 
 `` no ! '' 
 nicolas cried out . 
 gray realized the anguish in his voice was twofold : fear that he now had even less time to escape , and dismay that his plans would be ruined if the hangar sealed too soon . 
 `` let 's go ! '' 
 gray said , pointing his pistol at the man . 
 nicolas lowered his outstretched arms-and revealed what was hidden behind the pile of i-beams . 
 the man 's hand had been out of view until now . 
 a second pistol . 
 it pointed at gray 's belly and fired . 
 gray managed to twist sideways , but the bullet still burned a line of fire across his stomach . 
 he pointed his own weapon and fired . 
 the shot , thrown off by the sudden attack , ricocheted harmlessly off the floor . 
 even worse , the pistol 's slide popped open . 
 out of bullets . 
 the same could not be said for nicolas . 
 the russian drew a dead bead upon gray . 
 as a consequence of his concentration , nicolas missed the movement along the roof of the arched hangar . 
 a massive yellow trolley crane swept above them and dropped a giant hook . 
 the whistling as it plummeted finally drew nicolas 's eye . 
 he glanced up as the massive steel hook , large enough to anchor ships , slammed into the pile of beams next to him . 
 he tried to leap aside , but the impact knocked half the pile over , pinning his legs . 
 his pistol skittered across the concrete floor . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 the man groaned , desperate , panicked . 
 no time . 
 beyond the pile , the narrowing gap between the steel arch and concrete wall was little more than a foot wide . 
 gray vaulted over the collapsed pile of beams and sprinted for the exit . 
 as he reached the slit of sunlight , nicolas screamed at him . 
 `` you 've not won , you svoloch ! 
 millions will still die ! '' 
 gray had no time to question him . 
 he shoved into the crack and wormed between the squeezing walls , concrete on one side , steel on the other . 
 the vault was a dozen yards thick . 
 he scooted as fast as he could . 
 still the pressure began to squeeze his chest , trying to hold him for the final crush . 
 he took one last breath and exhaled all his air , collapsing his chest . 
 he shoved the last few feet and fell out of the crack with a great gasp of air , landing on his hands and knees . 
 like being born a second time . 
 behind him , he missed a figure standing off to the side of the hangar . 
 she slipped into the crack as he vacated it . 
 gray turned . 
 `` elena ! 
 no ! 
 you 'll never make it ! '' 
 he rolled to his feet and lunged for her . 
 but she had already slid deep into the crack , deeper than he could follow with his larger form . 
 she moved swiftly , her lithe figure fading farther and farther away . 
 gray prayed she 'd make it safely to the other side , but it was still certain death . 
 only then did he note the long smear of blood trailing into the narrowing crack . 
 a growled voice spoke behind him . 
 `` where 's elena ? '' 
 kowalski asked . 
 gray watched her vanish out of the crack . 
 he shook his head . 
 kowalski stared up and down the side of the hangar . 
 `` she left me up there . 
 after she dropped that anchor on that bastard . 
 said she was coming down here to help . '' 
 gray turned away . 
 `` i think that 's where she 's headed . '' 
 nicolas lay on his back , his legs weighted under a half ton of steel beams . 
 through a haze of agony , he heard footsteps stumbling toward him . 
 he turned his head . 
 elena came up to him . 
 his eyes winced with a pain deeper than any broken bones . 
 `` oh , milaya moya , what are you doing here ? '' 
 she sank next to him . 
 blood soaked through her shirt . 
 `` lubov moya ... , '' he said with a mix of pain and protectiveness . 
 he lifted an arm , and she fell into his embrace . 
 he held her and rocked her gently as the last of the sunlight squeezed away . 
 a commanding grind of steel on concrete sounded with a note of finality as the shelter sealed . 
 a few moments later , a crumbling crash echoed as the far side of the sarcophagus collapsed . 
 the concussion charges had worked as planned , but the shelter was already closed tight around it , sparing those outside . 
 he was n't so lucky . 
 nicolas stared up at the lighted archway . 
 the inner steel surfaces were all lined by a thick coat of polycarbonate , all the better to reflect radiation and hold it inside . 
 not that it mattered , but nicolas lifted the flap of the dosimeter badge secured to his jacket pocket . 
 the surface had been white when he 'd put it on this morning . 
 it was now solid black . 
 he let it go and reached another arm to cradle elena better . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked . 
 there were many questions buried in that one word . 
 why had elena betrayed him ? 
 nicolas knew she must have . 
 nothing else made sense . 
 but also why did she come back ? 
 elena did not answer . 
 he shifted and saw the glaze to her eyes . 
 dead . 
 and so was he . 
 the living dead . 
 he knew what end awaited him . 
 he had lived his professional life exploring such deaths . 
 it would be as agonizing as it was humiliating . 
 as he cradled elena closer to him , something slipped from her hand and landed on his leg . 
 he reached out and grabbed this last gift from her . 
 his pistol . 
 she must have collected it from the floor . 
 this is why she had come . 
 to say good-bye and to offer him a way to escape with her . 
 he nestled into her and kissed her cold lips one last time . 
 `` ty moyo solnyshko ... '' she was indeed his sun . 
 holding her , he raised the gun to his lips . 
 and took his escape . 
 19 september 7 , 11:00 a.m. southern ural mountains with a rifle over his shoulder , monk climbed the last switchback of the road . 
 ahead , the mining complex clustered in front of a granite cliff face . 
 the metal outbuildings and old powerhouse had all oxidized . 
 roofs and gutters dripped icicles of rust , windows were broken or shuttered , and corroded equipment lay where they 'd been dropped decades ago : shovels , picks , wheelbarrows . 
 off by the cliffs rose tall mounds of old mine tailings and waste rock dumps . 
 amid the stone piles rose the tower of a tipple , with its loading booms , hoists , and various chutes used to tip ore ears and unload them into trucks . 
 as monk limped on his hastily bandaged leg , he wondered how he knew so much about a mining operation . 
 had his family been involved - his head suddenly jangled through a series of flashbulb-popping images : an older man in coveralls , coated in coal dust ... the same man in a coffin ... a woman crying ... an electrical stab of pain ended the flickering bits of memory . 
 wincing , he led the children and marta through a maze of conveyor belts , ore car tracks , and dump chutes toward their goal . 
 a pair of rails led to a gaping opening in a cliff face . 
 it was the main entrance to the mine . 
 as they crossed , monk looked over his shoulder . 
 lake karachay spread below . 
 monk estimated it was two miles across the width here , and three times as long . 
 he searched the forested mountains on the far side , looking for any evidence of where they 'd started this journey . 
 `` we must hurry , '' konstantin reminded him . 
 monk nodded . 
 the older boy walked between the two younger children . 
 marta trailed . 
 he led them toward the opening . 
 as he neared , he discovered a problem . 
 a large wooden barrier , constructed of stacked and mortared wooden logs , blocked the mine shaft from floor to roof . 
 from the condition of the complex outside , it looked as if no one had been here in ages . 
 but monk spotted a pile of cigarette butts and empty vodka bottles at the foot of the barrier . 
 fresh boot prints covered the sandy floor . 
 the mine below was not as abandoned as it appeared . 
 someone had been taking a break here recently . 
 monk glanced behind him . 
 there were no parked trucks or recent tire tracks crossing the complex , so whoever had been lounging here had left by another means . 
 konstantin had already described that means . 
 an underground train crossed under the lake from mine complex 337 below to chelyabinsk 88 . 
 whoever labored in the mines must ordinarily exit out the other side . 
 monk prayed they would not be expecting visitors at their back door . 
 he crossed to the rectangle of riveted steel set into the barrier . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 monk asked . 
 `` knock ? '' 
 konstantin frowned and crossed to the door . 
 he lifted the latch and pushed . 
 the door swung open , unlocked . 
 monk fumbled his rifle around and pointed it through the door . 
 `` warn a guy before you do that ! '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` no one comes here , '' konstantin said . 
 `` too dangerous . 
 so no need for keys . 
 only sealed to keep bears and wolves away . '' 
 `` and the stray tiger , '' monk mumbled . 
 konstantin dropped his pack , opened it , and fished out their flashlight . 
 he passed it to monk , who shouldered his rifle . 
 ducking through the door in the main tunnel , monk pointed his flashlight . 
 massive wooden beams shored up the passageway as it slanted into the mountain . 
 a set of steel tracks headed into the darkness , extending beyond the reach of the flashlight 's glow . 
 closer at hand , a pair of ore cars rested on the tracks near the barrier . 
 down the way , monk noted shadowy branching tunnels . 
 he suspected the mountain was honeycombed with shafts and tunnels . 
 no wonder the current miners occasionally wandered up out of the stygian darkness for a little light , even if it was in the shadow of a poisonous lake . 
 monk asked for directions as they headed out . 
 `` so where to ? '' 
 konstantin kept silent . 
 monk turned to him . 
 the boy shrugged . 
 `` i do not know . 
 all i know is down . '' 
 monk sighed . 
 well , that was a direction . 
 flashlight in hand , he descended into the darkness . 
 savina noted all the smiling faces . 
 excited chatter spread among the older children , while the younger ones scurried around , trying to dispense nervous energy . 
 they were in direct contrast to the very youngest among them , those under five and too immature for their implants . 
 those few remained quiet and detached , demonstrating varying levels of untreated autism : sitting silently , staring vacantly , plagued by repetitive gestures . 
 four teachers sought to organize their sixty or so charges . 
 `` stay in your groups ! '' 
 the train waited beyond the open blast doors at the back of chelyabinsk 88 . 
 it would be transporting the children for a short pleasure ride . 
 the young ones were occasionally allowed such a luxury , but today the train was on a one-way trip . 
 it would not be returning , coming to a dead stop at the heart of operation saturn . 
 behind savina 's shoulders , the old soviet-era industrial apartments stared down at the children with hollow eyes . 
 the teachers also had the same haunted look despite their bright words . 
 `` did all of you take your medicine ? '' 
 a matronly woman called out . 
 the medicine was a sedative combined with a radiosensitive compound . 
 while excited now , in another hour the children would be drifting into a disassociated slumber . 
 it would ease any anxiety when the charges blew at the far end of the tunnel and initiated operation saturn . 
 the first dump of lake water through the heart of the tunnel and its subsequent blast of radiation would transform the radiosensitive compound in the children 's bloodstream into a deadly nerve toxin , killing them instantly . 
 the group had considered simply euthanizing the children via lethal injection , but such an intimate act of killing strained even the most professional detachment . 
 plus afterward , all the small limp bodies would have had to been hauled , loaded , and transported to the heart of operation saturn . 
 the plan was for the radiation , blasting for weeks as the lake drained , to burn the bodies and denature the dna beyond examination-that is , if anyone ever dared approach the bodies . 
 the radiation levels in the tunnel would defy penetration for decades . 
 so in the end , the current plan was deemed efficient , minimally cruel , and offered the children one last bit of joy and frivolity . 
 still , savina stood with her arms behind her back . 
 her hands were clenched together in a white-knuckled grip , necessary to keep from grabbing children and pulling them from the train . 
 but she had saved ten . 
 she had to console herself with this reality . 
 the ten best . 
 they remained in the apartment building behind her , where the control station for operation saturn was located . 
 once done here , the ten omega subjects would be transported to the new facility in moscow . 
 it was time for the project to climb out of the darkness and into the sun . 
 it would be her legacy . 
 but such a rise had a cost . 
 bright laughter and merry calls trailed behind the last of the children . 
 they argued over who would get to ride in the open ore cars and who would be in the front or rear cabs . 
 only a few older voices wondered why they were going without any of the adults , but even these sounded more excited than concerned . 
 with the last of the children loaded , the train hissed , hydraulic brakes sighed , and with a snap of electricity , it rolled off down the tunnel . 
 laughter and shouts trailed back to them . 
 a moment later the blast doors slowly sealed over the end of the tunnel , cutting off their happy voices . 
 the four teachers headed away . 
 no one spoke to anyone . 
 they barely made contact . 
 except for a thick-waisted matron in an ankle-length apron . 
 as she passed , she lifted a consoling hand toward savina , then thought better of it and lowered it again . 
 `` you did n't have to come , '' the woman mumbled . 
 savina turned away without a word , not trusting her voice . 
 yes ... yes , i did . 
 11:16 a.m. pripyat , ukraine gray sat in the back of the limousine . 
 up front , rosauro drove , with luca in the passenger seat . 
 they rocketed past the first checkpoint on their flight out of the city . 
 the chernobyl exclusion zone stretched in a thirty-kilometer radius out from the reactor complex . 
 it had two checkpoints , one at the ten-kilometer mark and one at the thirty . 
 gray wanted to be outside that second gate before anyone realized something was amiss at the reactor . 
 it would not take long for the dead bodies to be discovered and for the place to be locked down . 
 earlier , as gray and kowalski had fled overland back to pripyat from the site of the ceremony , he had called rosauro on the walkie-talkie that masterson had supplied him . 
 she had reported an inability to reach sigma command . 
 he had instructed her to keep trying . 
 by the time gray arrived at the hotel , lines of communication with washington had reopened . 
 rosauro had commandeered one of the limousines . 
 she had also stolen the driver 's mobile phone . 
 gray clutched the phone now , awaiting a call from director crowe . 
 painter had his hands full over in washington , but at least mapplethorpe was out of commission and sasha was safe . 
 gray shared the back of the limousine with elizabeth and kowalski . 
 his partner sat bare-chested as elizabeth treated the gunshot wound to his shoulder . 
 `` quit wiggling ! '' 
 `` well , it goddamn hurts . '' 
 `` it 's just iodine . '' 
 `` sooo , it still stings like a son of a - '' the woman 's scowl silenced any further expletive . 
 gray had to give the man credit . 
 kowalski had saved his life at the hangar by dropping that half-ton steel hook . 
 though elena might have done the deed , it had been kowalski 's sharp eyes that had noted the threat and saved him . 
 still , they were n't out of danger yet . 
 gray turned and stared out at the roll of passing hills , dotted with copses of birches . 
 his heart continued to pound . 
 his mind spun through a hundred different scenarios . 
 as they raced away from chernobyl , he knew they should be heading somewhere . 
 nicolas 's last words plagued him : you 've not won ... millions will still die . 
 what did he mean ? 
 gray knew it had not been an idle threat . 
 something else was scheduled to happen . 
 even the name of nicolas 's plan-operation uranus-had bothered gray before . 
 the name was taken from an old soviet victory during world war ii against the germans . 
 but the victory was not won by the single operation alone . 
 it was accomplished via a perfectly executed tandem of strategies . 
 two operations : uranus followed by saturn . 
 as gray fled the hangar , nicolas had hinted as much . 
 another operation was set to commence , but where and in what form ? 
 the phone finally rang . 
 gray flipped it open and pressed it to his ear . 
 `` director crowe ? '' 
 `` how are you doing out there ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 `` as well as can be expected . '' 
 `` i 've got transportation arranged for you . 
 there 's a private airstrip a few miles outside the exclusion zone , used to accommodate the ceremony 's vip guests . 
 british intelligence has offered the use of one of their jets . 
 they 're apparently trying to save face for not listening close enough to professor masterson , one of their own former agents . 
 by the way , i 've gone ahead and sounded the alarm . 
 word is spreading like wildfire through intelligence channels about the aborted attack at chernobyl . 
 for safety 's sake , evacuations are already under way , but so far you 're ahead of that chaos . '' 
 `` very good . '' 
 gray could not discount that the director 's firm voice had helped take the edge off his anxiety . 
 he was n't alone in this . 
 `` you 've certainly had a busy day , commander . '' 
 `` as have you ... but i do n't think it 's over . '' 
 `` how do you mean ? '' 
 gray related what the russian senator had said and about his own misgivings . 
 `` hold on , '' painter said . 
 `` i 've got kat bryant and malcolm jennings here . 
 i 'm putting you on speaker . '' 
 gray continued , explaining his fears of a second operation , something aimed at a larger number of casualties . 
 kowalski also listened as elizabeth packed a bandage over his wound . 
 `` tell them about the jelly beans , '' he called over . 
 gray frowned at him . 
 back at the hangar , elena had attempted to warn kowalski about something before she 'd departed to nicolas 's side , but the man had clearly misunderstood , losing something in the translation . 
 `` you know , '' kowalski pressed . 
 `` the eighty-eight jelly beans . '' 
 kat 's voice whispered faintly from the phone . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 `` i do n't think he understood what - '' `` did he say chella-bins ? '' 
 `` no , jelly beans ! '' 
 kowalski nodded , satisfied . 
 gray mentally shook his head . 
 he could not believe he was having this conversation . 
 a confusing bit of chatter followed as painter , kat , and malcolm discussed some matter . 
 gray did n't follow all of it . 
 he heard kat say something about the number eighty-eight drawn in blood . 
 malcolm 's voice spoke louder , excited , directed at both gray and kat . 
 `` could what you both have heard been the word chelyabinsk ? '' 
 `` chelyabinsk ? '' 
 gray asked aloud . 
 kowalski perked up . 
 gray rolled his eyes . 
 `` that might be it . '' 
 kat agreed . 
 malcolm spoke quickly , a sure sign the pathologist was excited . 
 `` i 've come across that name . 
 during all the tumult here , i had n't had a chance to contemplate its significance . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 painter pressed . 
 `` dr. polk 's body . 
 the radiation signature from samples in his lungs matched the specific isotope content of the uranium and plutonium used at chernobyl . 
 but as you know , subsequent tests clouded this assessment . 
 it was n't as clear as i 'd initially thought . 
 it was more like his body had been polluted by a mix of radioactive sources , though the strongest still appeared to be the fuel source at chernobyl . '' 
 `` where are you going with all this ? '' 
 kat asked . 
 `` i based my findings on the international atomic energy agency 's database of hot zones . 
 but one region of the world is so polluted by radioactivity that it 's impossible to define one signature to it . 
 that region is chelyabinsk , in central russia . 
 the soviet union hid the heart of its uranium mining and plutonium production in the ural mountains there . 
 for five decades , the region was off-limits to everyone . 
 only in the last couple of years has the restriction been lifted . '' 
 he paused for emphasis . 
 `` it was in chelyabinsk that the fuel for chernobyl was mined and stored . '' 
 gray sat straighter . 
 `` and you think it was there that dr. polk was poisoned-not at the reactor , but where its fuel was produced . 
 in chelyabinsk . '' 
 `` i believe so . 
 even the number eighty-eight . 
 the soviets built underground mining cities in the ural mountains and named them after the local postal codes . 
 chelyabinsk forty , chelyabinsk seventy-five . '' 
 and chelyabinsk 88 . 
 gray 's heart pounded harder again . 
 he now knew where they had to go . 
 even had the postal code . 
 painter understood , too . 
 `` i 'll alert british intelligence . 
 let them know you 'll be going on a little detour . 
 they should be able to get you to the ural mountains in a little over an hour . '' 
 gray prayed they still had enough time . 
 millions will die . 
 as the limousine reached the second checkpoint and was waved through by a bored-looking guard , painter continued . 
 `` but , commander , in such a short time , i ca n't get you any ground support out there . '' 
 gray spoke as the limousine sailed out of the exclusion zone and into the open country . 
 `` i think we 've got that covered . '' 
 to either side of the road , older-model trucks had parked in low ditches or pulled into turnouts . 
 a good dozen of them . 
 men sat in the open beds and crowded the cabs . 
 in the front seat , luca leaned over to rosauro and spoke in a rush . 
 she slowed the limousine , and luca straightened and waved an arm out the passenger window . 
 the signal was plain to read . 
 follow us . 
 as the limousine continued , the trucks pulled out and trailed after them . 
 like director crowe , luca hearn had sounded his own alarm , using the phones back at the hotel after they 'd initially failed to raise central command . 
 gray recalled the man 's words in describing the romani : we are everywhere . 
 luca was proven right as his clarion call was answered . 
 behind the limousine , a gypsy army gathered . 
 11:38 a.m. southern ural mountains the farther monk descended into the mine , the more he became convinced the place was deserted . 
 he heard no echo of voices or thrum of distant machinery . 
 and while this eased his mind that they 'd not be discovered , it was also disconcerting . 
 with the silence , it was as if the place were holding its breath . 
 monk headed down a steeply slanted access tunnel , his wounded leg burning and painful . 
 without a map , monk had to follow the trail of whoever left the cigarette butts and bottles at the front gate to the mine . 
 it was n't a hard track to discern . 
 the sandy bed of the floor showed clear boot prints . 
 the miner took a direct route back , crossing down some steep access chutes . 
 and though the place seemed deserted now , monk had found plenty of evidence of past activity : fresh tailings dumped into shafts , shiny new gear leaning on walls , even an abandoned ice chest half filled with water and floating cans of beer . 
 konstantin trailed with his sister , while pyotr remained glued to monk 's hip . 
 the child 's eyes were huge upon the dark passages . 
 monk felt the fever of his terror as pyotr clutched to him . 
 it was n't the cramped spaces that scared him , but the darkness . 
 monk had occasionally clicked the lamp off to search for any telltale evidence of light . 
 at those moments , pyotr would wrap tight to him . 
 marta also closed upon the boy , protective , but even the chimpanzee trembled in those moments of pitch darkness , as if she shared pyotr 's terror . 
 monk reached the bottom of the chute . 
 it dumped into another long passageway with a railway track and an idle conveyor belt . 
 as he searched for boot prints , he noted a slight graying to the darkness at the end of the tunnel . 
 he crouched , pulled pyotr to his side in the crook of his stumped arm , and clicked off his flashlight . 
 darkness dropped over them like a shroud . 
 but at the far end of the passage , a faint glow was evident . 
 konstantin moved next to monk . 
 `` no more light , '' monk whispered and passed the boy the darkened flashlight . 
 if he was wrong about the place being deserted , he did n't want to announce their approach with a blaze of light . 
 monk swung up the rifle he had confiscated from the dead russian sniper . 
 `` quietly now , '' he warned . 
 monk edged down the tunnel . 
 he walked on the ends of the railroad ties , avoiding the crunch of the gravel bed . 
 the children followed in his footsteps . 
 marta balanced along one of the rails . 
 as they continued , monk strained for any voices , any sign of habitation . 
 all he heard was an echoing drip of water . 
 it was a noise that had grown louder the deeper they descended . 
 monk was all too conscious of the neighboring presence of lake karachay . 
 he also became aware of a growing odor , a mix of oil , grease , and diesel smoke . 
 but as they reached the bend , monk 's keen nose detected another scent under the industrial smells . 
 it was fetid , organic , foul . 
 cautiously rounding the turn , monk discovered the passage ended in a central cavern , blasted out of the rock . 
 it was only a hundredth the size of chelyabinsk 88 , but it still rose three stories high and stretched half the size of a football field . 
 most of the floor was covered in parked equipment and piles of construction material : coiled conduit , stacks of wooden beams , a half-dismantled column of scaffolding , piles of rock . 
 off to one side rose a tall drill rig , mounted on the back of a truck . 
 the place looked as if it had been hurriedly evacuated . 
 there was no order to it , like someone packing a moving van in a hurry , just dumping things haphazardly . 
 at least they 'd left the lights on . 
 several sodium lamps glowed at the opposite side of the room . 
 `` careful , '' monk said . 
 he motioned the children to hang back , to be ready to bolt and hide among the debris if necessary . 
 monk crept forward , staying low , rifle ready at his shoulder . 
 he zigzagged across the space , holding his breath , cautious of his footing . 
 reaching the far side , he discovered a tall set of steel blast doors , sealed and reflecting the lamplight . 
 they looked newer than the mine works . 
 to the right stood a small shack , about the size of a tollbooth . 
 through its open door , monk spotted a few dark monitors , a keyboard , and rows of switches . 
 nobody was here . 
 monk noted the tremble in his rifle . 
 he was wired and edgy . 
 he took a deep settling breath . 
 the fetid reek was much stronger . 
 off to the left , monk noted black oil pooled beyond a stack of equipment . 
 he crept out and peeked around the corner . 
 not oil . 
 blood . 
 he found the source of the smell . 
 a tumble of bodies draped the back wall , tangled in a heap , outfitted in mining gear or white laboratory coats . 
 blood and gore spattered the walls behind them . 
 death by firing squad . 
 someone had been cleaning house . 
 behind him , konstantin appeared , creeping out into the open . 
 monk returned , shook his head , and pointed to the computer shack . 
 he did n't want the children to see the slaughter . 
 he motioned to pyotr and kiska to remain where they were . 
 konstantin joined monk as he strode toward the blast doors . 
 `` i 've been here before , '' the boy said . 
 `` we 're allowed to ride the train sometimes . 
 these are the substation controls . '' 
 `` show me , '' monk said . 
 konstantin had already highlighted what general-major savina martov was planning , nicknamed operation saturn . 
 it lay beyond these doors . 
 the two crammed into the shack , and konstantin studied the substation 's controls , his eyes flickering over the cyrillic lettering . 
 monk could almost hear his mind flying at speeds beyond normal mentation . 
 after a moment of study , his hands flew over the board , flipping switches with deft assuredness , as if he 'd done this a thousand times before . 
 as he worked , monk asked , `` how did you learn about operation saturn ? '' 
 konstantin glanced to him with a wincing look of embarrassment . 
 `` my skill is rapid calculation and derivative analysis . 
 i work often in the warren 's computer laboratory . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 monk understood . 
 you could turn a boy into a savant but he was still a boy : curious , mischievous , pushing boundaries . 
 `` you hacked into her files . '' 
 he shrugged again . 
 `` a week ago , sasha-pyotr 's sister-she drew me a picture . 
 gave it to me in the middle of the night . 
 when we were all woken by one of pyotr 's nightmares . '' 
 `` what picture ? '' 
 `` the train here , with many children on board , all dead and burning . 
 it also showed the mining site just past the blast doors here . 
 so ... so the next day , i broke into the files about the operation . 
 i learned what was planned and when it was scheduled to happen . 
 i did n't know what to do . 
 whom to trust . 
 sasha left with dr. raev for america , so i talked to pyotr . '' 
 konstantin shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know how pyotr knew ... maybe he does n't even know ... it 's sometimes like that . '' 
 konstantin stared up at monk for understanding . 
 though he did n't completely , monk still nodded . 
 `` what did pyotr know ? '' 
 he pressed . 
 `` he is a strong empath . 
 he sensed you would help us . 
 he even knew your name . 
 said his sister whispered it to him in a dream . 
 they are very strange , those two , very powerful . '' 
 monk heard a trace of fear in the boy 's voice . 
 konstantin even glanced warily back toward pyotr , then set back to work . 
 `` so we came for you . '' 
 with a final flick of a switch , a row of monitors glowed to life across the top of the control board . 
 they showed black-and-white images , views from different angles of a small cavern , rigged with scaffolding . 
 on the floor was bolted a large steel iris . 
 the heart of operation saturn . 
 motion drew monk 's eye to the centermost screen . 
 it showed a train rested outside the mining site . 
 open ore cars were loaded with children . 
 some had climbed out and stood around in confusion . 
 others appeared to be laughing and playing . 
 konstantin clutched monk 's sleeve . 
 `` they ... they 're already here . '' 
 savina sat in the brightly lit control station , flanked by two technicians . 
 they were running final diagnostics on two computers . 
 the station was in a converted subbasement bunker beneath one of the abandoned apartment buildings . 
 there were no windows . 
 their eyes on the world came from seven lcd screens wired into the walls . 
 they displayed video feed from the cameras in the tunnel and at the operation site . 
 she stared at the parked train for another breath , then stood up , unable to remain seated . 
 she felt a familiar crick in her back . 
 she had failed to take her steroid injection , too busy with all the final preparations . 
 she turned away from the view of the train . 
 not because it hurt to look-which it did-but because anxiety ran through her . 
 she checked her wristwatch . 
 it was more than half past eleven o'clock , and she had still not heard from nicolas . 
 she exited the control room , so the others did not see her wring her hands . 
 it was a weak matronly gesture , and she forced herself to stop . 
 she headed to the stairs and climbed toward the level above . 
 not with any destination in mind , only to keep moving . 
 from her contacts in the intelligence community , she had already heard the rumblings of an `` accident '' at chernobyl . 
 a radiation leak . 
 dead bodies . 
 the place was being evacuated . 
 and if nicolas had been successful , such a mass departure was too late . 
 perhaps her son had been caught up in the resultant chaos and had been unable to report to her yet . 
 her operation was set to commence in another forty-five minutes , once she heard confirmation from nicolas . 
 as she climbed the stairs , she imagined him gloating in his success , possibly even enjoying a secret tryst with little elena . 
 it would not be unlike nicolas to celebrate first and attend to business afterward . 
 anger tempered her anxiety . 
 she finally reached the floor above the control station . 
 it had been converted into a domicile for the technicians : bedrooms , exercise space , and a central communal area full of sofas and dining tables . 
 the only occupants at the moment were ten children . 
 she knew each by name . 
 they turned to stare at her , their heads swiveling all at once , like a flock of birds turning in midflight . 
 savina felt a flicker of apprehension , a recognition of the foreignness of their minds . 
 the omega subjects were savants so talented that their skills crossed the threshold of the physical to a realm where savina could not travel . 
 boris , a thirteen-year-old with eyes so blue they appeared frosted , seemed almost to be studying her . 
 his talent was an eidetic memory coupled with a retention that frightened . 
 he even remembered his own birth . 
 `` why were we not allowed to go with the others ? '' 
 he asked . 
 more heads nodded . 
 savina swallowed before answering . 
 `` there is another path for all of you . 
 do you have your bags packed ? '' 
 they just stared . 
 no answer was necessary . 
 of course their bags were packed . 
 the question displayed the level of her own nervousness . 
 before her lay the power that would fuel the motherland into a new era . 
 and deep down , savina knew such a power remained beyond her full comprehension . 
 `` we will be leaving in an hour , '' savina said . 
 those ten pairs of blue eyes stared back at her . 
 footsteps sounded behind her . 
 she turned as one of the technicians joined her . 
 `` general-major , '' he said , `` we 're having some glitch with the blast doors on the other side of the tunnel . 
 if you could advise us how to proceed . '' 
 she nodded , glad to focus her mind upon a problem . 
 she followed the technician back to the staircase . 
 still , she felt those ten pairs of eyes tracking her , cold and dispassionate , icy in their regard . 
 to escape their judgment , she hurried down the stairs . 
 `` open the doors ! '' 
 monk called to konstantin . 
 from inside the control station , the boy nodded . 
 electric motors sounded , and large steel gears began rolling the blast doors out of the way , splitting down the middle . 
 konstantin came running over to him , out of breath . 
 `` five minutes , '' the boy warned . 
 monk understood . 
 konstantin had sent the tunnel 's digital camera system into a diagnostic shutdown and reboot . 
 the clever kid had engineered a five-minute blackout . 
 they had that long to evacuate the children from the train before the cameras were back online . 
 there was little else he could do . 
 the master control station lay at the other end of the tunnel . 
 once the subterfuge was detected , the other station would kill the power to konstantin 's shack . 
 they had only this one shot . 
 as the doors parted , monk squeezed through , followed by konstantin . 
 marta also loped after them . 
 the old chimpanzee wheezed with exhaustion , but she did n't slow , even passing monk . 
 the old girl knew they had to hurry . 
 a hundred yards away , the train rested on the tracks . 
 monk ran toward it , hopping a bit on his wounded leg . 
 konstantin called out in russian , yelling at them to get off the train and out the blast door . 
 the boy waved both his arms . 
 `` just clear the train , '' monk said . 
 `` i must get moving as quickly as possible . '' 
 monk jangled alongside the train as he ran . 
 he carried two assault rifles over his shoulders , each with sixty-round magazines . 
 konstantin had already given him a lesson on the manual drive mechanism for the train . 
 it was n't much . 
 get in the front cab , shove the lever up . 
 reaching the train , monk trotted along one side , konstantin along the other . 
 `` everyone off the train ! '' 
 monk shouted . 
 `` out the doors ! '' 
 konstantin echoed his orders in russian . 
 still , chaos ruled for a full half minute . 
 children yelled or cried . 
 hands grabbed at him , milling and jostling . 
 but the kids were also well trained to follow orders . 
 slowly the tide shifted , and the children began to drift down the tunnel toward the doors . 
 no longer crowded underfoot , monk reached the last car , a covered cab . 
 he leaped through the open door and went to the front end . 
 a small driver 's seat was flanked by a green and red stick . 
 green for go . 
 red for the brakes . 
 a small dashboard displayed gauges and voltage readings . 
 monk did not have time for finesse . 
 he leaned out the window . 
 `` konstantin ! '' 
 the boy 's voice echoed to him . 
 `` clear ! 
 go ! '' 
 good enough . 
 monk shoved the green lever forward . 
 electricity popped , casting a few sparks into the darkness ahead . 
 the train lurched forward , then began to roll off down the tunnel . 
 four minutes . 
 he had to get this train to the other end of the tunnel before the camera system rebooted . 
 it was up to konstantin to herd the children out of the tunnel and close the blast doors . 
 monk had instructed the boy how to jam the gears so that the doors would remain closed . 
 konstantin also had one other task . 
 monk had confiscated a pair of the miners ' radios . 
 once monk reached the far doors , he would signal konstantin to open them . 
 if all went according to plan , monk would have the advantage of surprise-and two fully loaded assault rifles . 
 while likely a suicide mission , what choice did he have ? 
 the children were safe for the moment , but if operation saturn succeeded , how many millions more would die ? 
 monk had no choice but to storm the master control station , guns blazing . 
 initially , he had considered sabotaging the mine site , but konstantin had paled at that suggestion . 
 the charges-fifty of them-were primed with radio detonators . 
 even if he could scale the half kilometer of shaft in four minutes to reach them , any mishandling of the explosives risked setting them off . 
 so the matter was settled . 
 with a rattle of wheels , the train sailed down the dark tunnel , lit by occasional bare bulbs . 
 the front cab also had a single headlamp , which cast a glow ahead of him . 
 as the train trundled faster and faster , monk noted kilometer markers on the wall . 
 according to konstantin , the tunnel ran four kilometers long . 
 monk found himself holding his breath , counting off a full minute in his head . 
 along the right side , he saw the number 2 stenciled into the wall . 
 halfway there . 
 at best , he would have less than thirty seconds to spare . 
 not great , but not bad . 
 then the lights went out , as if the hand of god had clapped . 
 under monk , the train sighed , as if echoing his despair . 
 without electricity , the train rolled to a stop in the pitch darkness . 
 behind him , from the back of the train , a child screamed in raw terror . 
 monk 's body clenched . 
 he knew that voice . 
 pyotr . 
 savina stared at the bank of darkened monitors in the control station . 
 she shook her head . 
 minutes before , one of the technicians had summoned her down here , worried about a glitch in the system , something to do with the blast doors at the far end of the tunnel . 
 by the time she 'd got down here , the cameras were off-line , running a diagnostic subroutine . 
 no one had ordered it . 
 suspicions hardened her veins . 
 something was wrong . 
 rather than sit idle , she took a preemptive move and cut all power to the tunnel . 
 `` m.c. three thirty-seven , '' savina said . 
 `` there 's a substation over at the mining complex . '' 
 one of the technicians , an electrical engineer , nodded to her . 
 `` and as i recall , there 's a camera built into the control shack over there . 
 to allow you to communicate with technicians on the other side . '' 
 the man nodded again-then his eyes widened . 
 `` it 's on a system independent from the tunnel . '' 
 it was a precaution engineered in case of breakdowns like now , leaving the two stations still able to communicate . 
 `` bring up that camera . '' 
 she tapped one of the monitors . 
 the engineer typed rapidly at his computer . 
 a few moments later , the screen snapped to life in grainy black-and-white . 
 the camera was small and utilitarian , angled above the control board of the shack to give a good view of the operator on that side . 
 savina leaned closer . 
 out the shack 's open door , the camera caught a milling of children in the cavern beyond . 
 many children . 
 the ones who had boarded the train . 
 savina struggled to comprehend , when a taller boy stepped into view of the camera . 
 he was tall , dark-haired , with a long , angular face . 
 her fingers tightened . 
 she knew that boy . 
 konstantin . 
 what was going on ? 
 with all that had happened this morning , she 'd had no time to follow up on lieutenant borsakov 's hunt for the american and the three children . 
 she watched konstantin wave an arm and call silently to the crowd of children . 
 borsakov had obviously failed . 
 but what were they doing over there ? 
 she searched the crowd , looking for the american and the other two children . 
 she sought one child in particular , the one she wanted back . 
 pyotr screamed as the blackness smothered him . 
 his eyelids stretched wide searching for any light , marta held him in her strong arms . 
 the two had used the confusion at the other end of the tunnel to sneak aboard the last car and hide . 
 pyotr knew he had to stay with the man . 
 but the darkness ... pyotr gasped , drowning in the black sea . 
 he rocked and rocked while marta tried to hold him . 
 it was his nightmare come true . 
 he 'd had the same dream often : where his shadow rose up and consumed him , smothered him until there was only darkness . 
 the only way to defend against it was to set himself on fire , to burn like a torch against that darkness-then he would wake screaming . 
 other children said they saw him on fire in their own dreams . 
 at first he thought they were making fun of him , but after the first few times , they all started looking strangely at him , seldom talked to him , rarely played with him . 
 teachers grew angry , too . 
 they scolded , did n't let him have sweetcakes with honey , said he upset the other children to the point that no one did well on their tests for days afterward . 
 they blamed him for scaring everyone . 
 and it scared him , too , down to the bones-and that was only a dream . 
 this darkness now was no dream . 
 panicked , he strained to escape it , but it was everywhere . 
 he sought light where there was none . 
 even that path terrified him , but it was better than the smothering inkiness . 
 out of the darkness , pinpricks of light appeared like fiery needles punched through black cloth , willed into being by his terror . 
 just a few , then more and more . 
 he stared upward as the starry landscape spread and pushed back the darkness . 
 but he knew the truth . 
 these were no stars . 
 as pyotr strained , his heart fluttered like a trapped bird . 
 he stared upward as the stars grew brighter , swelling larger as they fell closer . 
 he knew he should turn away . 
 but his eyes opened wider ... as did the darkness inside him . 
 it also sought the light , howling out of the dark pit , needing to be fed . 
 stars began to fall faster and faster , a few at first , then others followed . 
 from all directions , they swept down upon him , crashing toward him . 
 he heard the cries and felt the hammering hearts . 
 they filled him with their light . 
 he fell backward as the night sky collapsed upon him and lit his core on fire . 
 distantly , he heard a simian howl of warning . 
 because marta knew his secret . 
 in those waking moments after his nightmares , when he woke screaming , it was n't just fear-it was also exhilaration . 
 something was dreadfully wrong with the children . 
 after cutting the power , savina had continued to study the camera feed from m.c. 337 . 
 though she had no audio , it was plain the children remained agitated , milling in confusion , some crying , most walking or standing shell-shocked . 
 the only one who appeared in control was konstantin . 
 he moved among them , appearing into view , then disappearing again . 
 savina kept a watch to see if pyotr was among them . 
 though she had ten omega subjects , if the boy was there - then one of the children in view dropped to the floor . 
 a neighboring child turned to the slumped child , then she also fell , as if clubbed . 
 more and more children collapsed . 
 panicked , one boy ran past-then he , too , succumbed . 
 the technical engineer also noted the same . 
 `` is it the neurotoxin ? '' 
 savina stared , unsure . 
 the radiosensitive compound was inert unless exposed to high doses of radiation . 
 the readings at m.c. 337 had never been that high . 
 a moment later , konstantin reappeared . 
 he carried a limp girl in his arms . 
 it was his sister kiska . 
 he turned straight at the camera . 
 his eyes full of terror . 
 then savina saw it-like a light snapped off in his eyes . 
 the fear vanished to a dullness and down he went . 
 it was n't the neurotoxin . 
 konstantin and kiska had n't consumed the medication . 
 a thump sounded from overhead . 
 then another and another . 
 savina stared up . 
 oh , no ... turning , she ran for the stairs . 
 she flew up them two at a time . 
 her back cramped , and her heart pounded with a lance of pain . 
 she burst into the room where the ten children had been waiting for her . 
 they had all collapsed , in chairs , on the floor , heads lolling , limbs slack . 
 she rushed to boris , knelt beside him , and checked the pulse at his throat . 
 she felt a weak beat under her fingertips . 
 still alive . 
 she rolled him over and lifted his eyelids , which hung at half-mast . 
 the boy 's pupils were dilated wide and nonresponsive to light . 
 she climbed back to her feet and stared around the room . 
 what was happening ? 
 20 september 7 , 2:17 a.m. washington , d.c. painter hurried down the hall . 
 he did n't need any more trouble , but he got it . 
 the entire command bunker was in lockdown mode after the attack . 
 as he had suspected , after the fiery death of mapplethorpe , the few remaining combatants ghosted away into the night . 
 painter was determined to find each and every one of them , along with every root and branch that supplied mapplethorpe with the resources and intelligence to pull off this attack . 
 in the meantime , painter had to regain order here . 
 he had a skeleton team pulled back inside . 
 the injured had been transported to local hospitals . 
 the dead remained where they were . 
 he did n't want anything disturbed until he could bring in his own forensic team . 
 it was a grim tour of duty here this evening . 
 though painter had employed the air scrubbers and ventilation to clear the accelerant , it did nothing to erase the odor of charred flesh . 
 and on top of resecuring the facility here , he was fielding nonstop calls from every branch of the intelligence agency : both about what had happened here and about the aborted terrorist act at chernobyl . 
 painter stonewalled about most of it . 
 he did n't have time for debriefings or to play the political game of who had the bigger dick . 
 the only brief call he took was from a grateful president . 
 painter used that gratitude to buy him the latitude to put off everyone else . 
 another attack threatened . 
 that was the top priority . 
 and as the latest problem was tied to that matter , he gave it his full and immediate attention . 
 reaching the medical level , he crossed to one of the private rooms . 
 he entered and found kat and lisa flanking a bed . 
 sasha lay atop it as lisa repositioned an eeg lead to the child 's temple . 
 `` she 's sick again ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 `` something new , '' lisa answered . 
 `` she 's not febrile like before . '' 
 kat stood with her arms crossed . 
 lines of worry etched her forehead . 
 `` i was reading to her , trying to get her to sleep after everything that had happened . 
 she was listening . 
 then suddenly she sat up , turned to an empty corner of the room , called out the name pyotr , then went limp and collapsed . '' 
 `` pyotr ? 
 are you sure ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` yuri mentioned sasha had a twin brother named pyotr . 
 it must have been a hallucination . '' 
 while they talked , lisa had retreated to a bank of equipment and began powering them up . 
 sasha was wired to both an ekg and eeg , monitoring cardiac and neurological activity . 
 `` is her device active ? '' 
 painter asked , nodding to sasha 's tms unit . 
 `` no , '' lisa answered . 
 `` malcolm checked . 
 he 's already come and gone . 
 off to make some calls . 
 but something 's sure active . 
 her eeg readings are showing massive spiking over the lateral convexity of the temporal lobe . 
 specifically on the right side , where her implant is located . 
 it 's almost as if she 's having a temporal lobe seizure . 
 contrarily her heart rate is low and her blood pressure dropped to her extremities . 
 it 's as if all her body 's resources are servicing the one organ . '' 
 `` her brain , '' painter said . 
 `` exactly . 
 everything else is in shutdown mode . '' 
 `` but to what end ? '' 
 lisa shook her head . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 i 'm going to run some more tests , but if she does n't respond , i can think of only one possible solution . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 kat asked . 
 `` though the tms implant is not active , the spiking eegs are centered around it . 
 i ca n't help but believe those neuro-electrodes are contributing to what 's happening to her . 
 her electrical activity is frighteningly high in that region-as if those wires in her brain are acting like lightning rods . 
 if i ca n't calm her neural activity , she may burn herself out . '' 
 kat paled at her assessment . 
 `` you mentioned a solution . '' 
 lisa sighed , not looking happy . 
 `` we may need to remove her implant . 
 that 's where malcolm went , to make some calls to a neurosurgeon at george washington . '' 
 painter crossed and put an arm around kat 's shoulders . 
 he knew how attached she had become to the child . 
 they had lost many lives protecting her . 
 to lose her now ... `` we 'll do everything we can , '' painter promised her . 
 kat nodded . 
 painter 's beeper buzzed on his belt . 
 he slipped his arm free and checked the number . 
 the russian embassy . 
 that was one call he had to take . 
 gray should be landing at chelyabinsk in another few minutes . 
 as he glanced back up , lisa waved him away with a small tired smile . 
 `` i 'll call you if there 's any change . '' 
 he headed for the door-then a sudden thought intruded , something he had set aside and not yet addressed . 
 he frowned questioningly over to kat . 
 `` earlier , '' he said , `` i do n't know if i heard you correctly . '' 
 kat looked at him . 
 `` what did you mean when you said monk was still alive ? '' 
 12:20 p.m. southern ural mountains monk sidled along the train in the pitch dark . 
 he ran his stumped forearm along the cabs as he moved down the tracks . 
 he stretched and waved his other hand in front of him . 
 stumbling over railroad ties and larger stones in the gravel , he worked his way from the front of the train toward the back . 
 a moment before , as monk had stepped out of the train , pyotr had stopped screaming . 
 it had cut off abruptly . 
 the silence was even worse , creating a stillness as complete as the darkness . 
 monk 's heart pounded . 
 reaching the next ore car , he hiked up over the edge and waved his arm into the open space . 
 `` pyotr ? '' 
 his voice sounded exceptionally loud , echoing down the tunnel . 
 but he did n't know where the boy was or even if he was still on the train . 
 the only option was to work methodically backward . 
 monk hopped back down and moved toward the next car . 
 he stretched his right arm out again , sweeping ahead of him - - then something grabbed his hand . 
 monk yelped in surprise . 
 warm leathery fingers wrapped around his . 
 he reflexively yanked his arm back , but the fingers held firm . 
 a soft hoot accompanied the grip . 
 `` marta ! '' 
 monk dropped and gave her a fumbling hug in the dark . 
 she returned it , nudging her cheek against his , and gave a soft chuff of relief . 
 her entire body trembled . 
 he felt the pounding of her heart against his chest . 
 she broke the embrace but kept hold of his hand . 
 she urged him to follow with a gentle tug . 
 monk gained his feet and allowed her to guide him . 
 he knew where she was taking him . 
 to pyotr . 
 moving more swiftly , monk reached the last cab . 
 unlike the open ore cars in the middle , the last cab was enclosed . 
 marta hopped through an open door . 
 monk climbed in after her . 
 the old chimpanzee shuffled and herded him to a back corner . 
 he found pyotr on the floor , flat out on his back . 
 monk 's hand patted over him , defining his shape out of the darkness . 
 `` pyotr ? '' 
 there was no response . 
 he felt the boy 's chest rise and fall . 
 fingers checked his small face . 
 was he injured ? 
 had he taken a fall ? 
 his skin was feverish to the touch . 
 then a tiny hand wandered like a lost bird and discovered monk 's fingers-and gripped hard . 
 `` pyotr , thank god . '' 
 monk scooped him up and sat with the boy in his lap . 
 `` i 've got you . 
 you 're safe . '' 
 small arms wrapped around his neck . 
 monk felt the burn of the boy 's skin , even through his clothes . 
 pyotr spoke , at his ear . 
 `` go ... '' monk felt a chill pass through him . 
 the tone sounded deeper than pyotr 's normal tentative falsetto . 
 maybe it was the dark , maybe it was the boy 's raw fear . 
 but monk felt no tremble in his thin limbs . 
 the single word had more command than plea . 
 still , it was not a bad idea . 
 he stood and lifted the boy up . 
 pyotr seemed heavier , though monk was past the edge of exhaustion into a bone-deep fatigue , near collapse . 
 marta helped guide him to the door . 
 he jumped out and landed hard . 
 with the boy in his arms , he hurried back toward the front of the train . 
 he had brought one rifle with him , but he 'd left the other in the front cab . 
 reaching the car , monk asked , `` can you - ? '' 
 even before he finished the question , pyotr clambered out of his arms and gained his own feet . 
 `` stay here . '' 
 monk quickly climbed inside , grabbed the second rifle , and slung it over his shoulder . 
 he returned to pyotr . 
 the boy took his hand . 
 monk expelled one hard breath . 
 which direction ? 
 the train had stopped halfway along the tunnel . 
 they could either return to konstantin and the other children or continue ahead . 
 but if they had any hope of stopping this madwoman , monk saw no advantage in going back . 
 perhaps pyotr thought the same thing . 
 the boy set off in that direction . 
 toward chelyabinsk 88 . 
 with two rifles strapped to his back and a boy and chimpanzee in tow , monk marched down the pitch-black tunnel . 
 they had come full circle and headed back home . 
 but what sort of welcome would they face ? 
 the doctor shook his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , general-major . 
 i do n't know what 's wrong with the children . 
 they 've never demonstrated this type of catatonia before . '' 
 savina stared across the room . 
 a pair of nurses and two soldiers had helped spread the ten children on the floor , lined up like felled trees . 
 they 'd brought in pillows and blankets from the neighboring bedrooms . 
 two medical doctors had been summoned : dr. petrov specialized in neurology , and dr. rostropovich in bioengineering . 
 in a sheepskin-trimmed jacket , petrov stood with his fists on his hips . 
 the medical team had been in the process of evacuating when called over here . 
 a large caravan of trucks and vehicles was already lined up for departure . 
 `` i 'll need a full diagnostic suite to better understand what 's happening , '' he said . 
 `` and we 've already dismantled - '' `` yes . 
 i know . 
 we 'll have to wait until we reach the facility in moscow . 
 can the children be transported safely ? '' 
 `` i believe so . '' 
 savina stared hard at the doctor . 
 she did not like his equivocation . 
 he nodded his head with more certainty . 
 `` they 're stable . 
 we can move them . '' 
 `` then make arrangements . '' 
 `` yes , general-major . '' 
 savina left further details to the medical staff and headed back down to the control bunker below . 
 while dealing with the matter here , savina had also been in contact with her resources in the russian intelligence and military communities . 
 the information gridlock at chernobyl seemed to finally be loosening . 
 contradictory reports and rumors swirled around events at the ceremony : everything from a full nuclear meltdown to a foiled terrorist attack by chechen rebels . 
 the firming consensus was that there had definitely been a radiological leak , though the extent remained unclear . 
 and why had nicolas remained silent ? 
 the worry gnawed a ragged edge to her temper and patience . 
 and now the strangeness with the children . 
 savina needed to clamp down on the chaos and focus on the matter at hand . 
 no matter what the circumstances were at chernobyl , operation saturn would proceed . 
 even if nicolas had somehow failed , she would not . 
 her operation alone would unsettle the world economies , kill millions , and spread a radioactive swath halfway across the globe . 
 it would be harder , but with the savant children still under their control , they would persevere . 
 with such a focus in mind , she cast aside the confusion and sought the cold dispassion of the resolute . 
 she knew what she must do . 
 reaching the bunker , she found the wall screens still dark , except for the grainy view of m.c. 337 . 
 she studied the spread of small bodies on the rocky floor . 
 there was still no sign of movement over there . 
 she turned to the two technicians . 
 `` why are n't the other cameras back online ? '' 
 the chief engineer stood up . 
 `` the diagnostic reboot finished a few minutes ago . 
 we were waiting on your orders to power systems back online . '' 
 savina sighed and pressed her fingertips to her forehead . 
 did everyone have to be dragged by the nose ? 
 she motioned to the board . 
 `` do it . '' 
 despite her desire to snap at the man , she kept her voice even . 
 while she had ordered the shutdown , she had indeed left no standing order regarding the power situation . 
 to avoid any further misunderstanding , savina pointed to the view of m.c. 337 . 
 `` keep the power cut off to the other substation . 
 all except its camera . '' 
 she did n't want any more surprises from that side . 
 as the two technicians set to work , lights flickered across the board , and the dark screens filled with images of the tunnel and the heart of her operation . 
 everything appeared fine-except for one glaring exception . 
 the train was no longer parked beside the mining site . 
 savina pointed to the screens . 
 `` bring up the cameras , sequentially down the tunnel . 
 find the train . '' 
 fingers punched keys at the master control , and snapshots of the tunnel flipped across the screen , dizzying her head . 
 then halfway down the passage , the train appeared . 
 it sat idle on the tracks . 
 savina stepped closer to that monitor and studied the ore cars and cabs . 
 she saw no movement . 
 someone could be hiding , but savina did n't think so . 
 `` continue down the tunnel , '' she ordered . 
 more digital images flowed . 
 she spotted movement on one . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 a single wall lamp lit this section of the dark tunnel . 
 it lay about a quarter klick from the blast doors . 
 as savina watched , figures appeared out of the darkness , walking into the light from the deeper tunnel . 
 savina 's fingers tightened on the edge of the control board . 
 it was the american ... leading a child by the hand . 
 as they drew farther into the glow , savina recognized the boy . 
 pyotr . 
 straightening , savina glanced to the grainy image from m.c. 337 . 
 all the children remained collapsed . 
 so why was this one boy still up and moving ? 
 `` general-major ? '' 
 the engineer asked . 
 savina 's mind spun but failed to settle on any explanation . 
 she shook her head . 
 as if sensing the eyes upon them , the pair stopped in the light . 
 the american looked behind him . 
 his eyes narrowed with confusion . 
 as the power returned and pools of lights flickered into existence , monk knew the cameras must also be online . 
 without much reason or ability to hide , monk continued several steps , heading toward the nearest lamp . 
 it was only then that he realized something was amiss . 
 or rather missing . 
 he searched behind him . 
 marta was gone . 
 he had thought she had been following him in the dark . 
 she moved so silently . 
 he stared back down the throat of the tunnel . 
 he saw no sign of her . 
 had she remained back at the train ? 
 monk even searched ahead , thinking maybe she had gone scouting in advance of them . 
 but the tunnel ended in two hundred feet at a set of tall blast doors . 
 marta was nowhere to be seen . 
 speakers off by the doors spat with static , then a crisp voice spoke in english . 
 `` keep moving forward ! 
 bring the boy to the door if you wish to live . '' 
 monk remained frozen , unsure where to go from here . 
 12:35 p.m. kyshtym , russia seated in an old farm truck , gray led the caravan through the gates of the airstrip and out onto a two-lane road that headed off into the mountains . 
 walls of towering fir and spruce trees flanked the road , creating a handsome green corridor . 
 in the rearview mirror , gray watched the small mountain town of kyshtym recede and vanish into the dense forest . 
 the town lay on the eastern slopes of the ural mountains , only nine miles from their destination , chelyabinsk 88 . 
 like the entire area , the town was not without its own legacy of nuclear disaster and contamination . 
 it lay downwind of another nuclear complex , designated chelyabinsk 40 , also known as mayak , the russian word meaning `` beacon . '' 
 but mayak was not a shining beacon to russian nuclear safety . 
 in 1957 , a waste tank exploded due to improper cooling and cast eighty tons of radioactive material over the region , requiring the evacuation of hundreds of thousands . 
 the soviets had kept the accident a secret until 1980 . 
 as the road turned a bend , the town vanished , like so much of the soviet union 's nuclear history . 
 continuing onward , gray settled into his seat . 
 the road crossed a bridge with guardrails painted fire-engine red . 
 a warning . 
 the bridge spanned a deep river that marked the former boundary of restricted territory . 
 the road wound higher into the mountains . 
 behind gray trailed a dozen trucks of different makes and models , but all well worn and muddy . 
 gray shared the front seat with luca and the driver , who were conversing in romani . 
 luca pointed ahead and the driver nodded . 
 `` not far , '' luca said , turning to him . 
 `` they already sent up spotters to watch the entry road . 
 they report lots of activity . 
 many cars and trucks heading down the mountain . '' 
 gray frowned at the news . 
 it sounded like an evacuation . 
 were they already too late ? 
 in the bed of the truck , four men lounged , half covered in blankets . 
 gray had been impressed with their arsenal hidden under the blankets : boxes of assault rifles , scores of handguns , even rocket-propelled grenades . 
 luca had explained the lax control of such weaponry on the russian black market . 
 the small army , gathered from local russian gypsy clans , had met them in kyshtym . 
 they swelled the ranks of the men luca had brought with them from the ukraine . 
 gray had to hand it to luca hearn : if you needed to gather a fast militia , he was the gypsy to call . 
 in the trucks behind them , kowalski and rosauro followed . 
 they had left elizabeth back at the jet , safely out of harm 's way , guarded by a trio of british s.a.s soldiers . 
 everyone had to move swiftly . 
 speed was essential . 
 the plan was to strike the underground facility , lock it down , and stop whatever was planned . 
 the nature of operation saturn remained a mystery . 
 however , considering it was in the heart of the former soviet union 's plutonium production facilities and uranium mines , it had to be radiological in nature . 
 senator nicolas solokov 's words still haunted him . 
 millions will still die . 
 gray had learned the man was born about ninety miles from here , in the city of yekaterinburg . 
 this was the region the man represented in the russian federal assembly , which meant he knew the area and its secrets . 
 if someone wanted to plot a nuclear event , here would be a great place to do it . 
 but what was planned ? 
 back in kyshtym , elizabeth paced the length of the jet . 
 her arms were folded over her chest , her chin low in concentration . 
 she was worried for the others , fearful after hearing what gray and the others sought to stop . 
 millions will die . 
 such madness . 
 anxiety kept her on her feet , for the team , for the fate of millions . 
 she had a laptop open on a table . 
 she had tried to work , to keep busy . 
 she had begun downloading her digital pictures from her camera . 
 professor masterson had kept her camera safe after she was kidnapped by the russians . 
 he had returned it to her following their escape from the jail in pripyat . 
 on the screen , the photos scrolled as they downloaded into the laptop . 
 pacing past , she caught a glimpse of the omphalos , resting at the center of the chakra wheel . 
 despite her worry , her heart still thrilled at the thought that the stone was the original delphic artifact . 
 for two decades , historians knew the smaller stone at the museum was a copy , the fate of the original a mystery . 
 some scholars hypothesized that perhaps some oracular cult had survived the temple 's destruction and that they 'd stolen the stone for their secret temple . 
 elizabeth drew back to the laptop . 
 she stared at the omphalos . 
 here was that proof . 
 she sank into the chair as a sudden realization struck her . 
 she remembered what was carved inside the museum 's copy : a curving line of sanskrit . 
 it was an ancient prayer to sarasvati , the hindu goddess of wisdom and secret knowledge . 
 no one knew who inscribed it there or why . 
 but it was not unusual to see religious graffiti from one religion marking another . 
 still , elizabeth began to suspect the truth . 
 perhaps the copy of the omphalos had been left behind like a road marker . 
 she scrolled through the images and came upon the photo of the wall mosaic , depicting a child and young woman hiding from a roman soldier underneath the dome of the omphalos , where the sanskrit poem was written . 
 it read , `` she who had no beginning , ending , or limit , may the goddess sarasvati protect her . '' 
 it could definitely be referring to the last oracle , a prayer to protect her lineage . 
 lastly , the goddess sarasvati herself made her home in a sacred river . 
 many religious scholars believed that this mythical river was the indus river , where the exiled greeks made their new home . 
 elizabeth suspected that someone had left that secret message for others to follow . 
 as she and her father had . 
 she brought up the image of the original omphalos again . 
 she had taken several pictures , including the triple line carved upon the stone that warned of the trap-written in harappan , sanskrit , and greek . 
 she brought up that image . 
 there had been another example of this triple writing on the chamber walls . 
 beneath the figure of the fiery-eyed boy . 
 she brought that up , too . 
 beneath the mosaic , the line of harappan was intact , but half of the sanskrit and greek and been worn away . 
 only a letter or two remained legible . 
 she read what she could . '' 
 ` the world will burn ... ' '' the line nagged , reminding her of what gray and the others sought to prevent . 
 she stared at the image of a boy rising in smoke and fire from the omphalos and felt a chill of concern . 
 but what was the rest of the message ? 
 the only intact line was the one written in indecipherable harappan . 
 it was a challenging word puzzle . 
 unless ... elizabeth jolted upright and leaned closer , her earlier worries forgotten . 
 she glanced between the two images on the screen . 
 she began to understand what she was looking at . 
 she had lines of harappan translated into greek and sanskrit . 
 translated . 
 she breathed harder . 
 on the computer , she had the beginnings of a digital rosetta stone for this lost language . 
 she returned back to the broken line of passage beneath the smoky boy . 
 she studied it , compared , and pulled up pictures of the writing on the stairwell wall , too . 
 she began to spot commonalities . 
 could she translate it ? 
 sensing something important , she set to work . 
 12:45 p.m. general-major savina martov studied her adversary . 
 she stared at the american on the screen . 
 he remained stopped within the pool of light by the tunnel lamp . 
 she lifted the microphone to her lips . 
 `` move to the doors now ! '' 
 she barked sharply . 
 from the way he jumped at her words , the man had heard her . 
 there was no problem with the speakers near the blast doors . 
 `` general-major , '' the engineer said . 
 `` i have a priority call for you from the arkhangelsk missile base . '' 
 savina tilted back and picked up the handset . 
 one of her contacts was established at the base there . 
 `` martov here . '' 
 `` general-major , some disturbing intelligence is coming out of the ukraine . 
 it seems that senator nicolas solokov is dead . '' 
 savina inhaled sharply . 
 she kept any stronger reaction in check . 
 still , her throat tightened . 
 her contact did not know nicolas was her son , only that he was intimate and supportive of her operations here . 
 the contact continued speaking . 
 `` rumors are still swirling as to the details surrounding the events . 
 some say he was killed by terrorists , while others say he may have had a hand in the actions there . 
 all that is certain is that he is dead . 
 cameras from inside the sealed shelter show his body , along with his assistant . 
 he was shot in the head . 
 radiation levels are still too high to safely remove his body , but measures are under way . 
 i ca n't say ... '' the man 's words droned on , but savina had stopped listening . 
 tears welled up in her eyes . 
 she tilted her head back to keep them from spilling . 
 as the man finished , savina thanked him for the call and hung up . 
 she turned her back slightly from the technician and engineer . 
 nicolas was dead . 
 her only son . 
 maybe a part of her had known this already . 
 for the past hour , she had been unable to shake a pall of despair . 
 her breathing had grown heavier . 
 nicolas ... `` general-major ? '' 
 the engineer asked softly . 
 his gentleness only angered her . 
 she turned her attention to the screen . 
 the american still had n't moved . 
 as if her grief were oil , her frustration set flame to it . 
 a fury built inside her . 
 the american had been thwarting her all day , and now defied her . 
 no longer . 
 tears dried in the heat of her vehemence . 
 her son might be dead , but she had given birth to another child , to the dream that would rise out of the ashes here . 
 family blood was not the only way to leave behind a legacy . 
 she would finish what had killed her son . 
 she would find another figurehead to take his place . 
 it might take longer , but it would be done . 
 the world had stolen her son . 
 but she had the power to strike back . 
 a fierceness entered her voice that made the engineer take a step back . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 she pointed to the two screens on the left . 
 they depicted the heart of operation saturn . 
 one displayed a view up the shaft toward the planted charges ; the other centered on the iris set in the floor . 
 `` initiate saturn ! 
 on my mark ! '' 
 the engineer and technician swung to their stations . 
 they tapped furiously . 
 savina stared at the man on the screen . 
 if he would n't bring pyotr to her , she would light a fire under the man . 
 there would be no retreating , no escape . 
 `` green across the board , '' the engineer said tersely . 
 `` awaiting your mark . '' 
 `` go ! '' 
 she took a deep breath and watched the two screens . 
 one monitor flashed with light . 
 she heard a distant muffled explosion . 
 rocks tumbled past the camera , followed by a surge of mud , smothering the view . 
 on the other screen , the iris rolled open as a sluice of rock and mud washed down atop it with a heavy wallop . 
 moments later , black water flowed from above , gushing in a solid column . 
 the engineers ' calculations proved perfect . 
 the arc of the water sluiced straight down the open maw of the iris . 
 it had begun . 
 the world had killed her son . 
 but her brainchild would live . 
 though she had initiated the operation with a fury that was equal parts hope and retribution , she could not deny a dark vein in her steel . 
 as the water flowed , she knew she would have her revenge on the world for what it had stolen from her today . 
 she turned her attention to the american . 
 once whetted , her vengeance sought a new target . 
 she was not done . 
 monk picked himself off the ground . 
 the explosion still rang in his head . 
 trapped in the enclosed space , the concussive force had slammed against his ears like the clap of giant hands . 
 he had covered pyotr with his own body . 
 as his head continued to ring , he helped the boy to his feet . 
 distantly a heavy roaring echoed from the dark tunnel behind him , sounding like the growl of some great dragon . 
 but monk knew what he was hearing . 
 the rush of water . 
 tons of water . 
 he also knew what it all meant-the explosion , the subterranean waterfall-it meant he had failed . 
 operation saturn was under way , dumping a toxic slurry into the heart of the world . 
 the loudspeaker squawked again by the blast doors . 
 `` drop your weapons ! '' 
 the woman said with a mix of ice and fire , cold determination laced with anger . 
 `` bring the boy to the door . 
 and i suggest you move quickly . 
 the radiation levels are rising rapidly . 
 you have less than five minutes before you absorb a lethal dosage . '' 
 monk had no choice . 
 he shrugged off the rifles and let them clatter to the tracks . 
 pyotr reached over and grabbed the sleeve of his stumped arm . 
 together they hurried the last couple hundred yards , racing as radiation rose in the tunnel . 
 ahead , the blast doors slowly parted , revealing a line of five soldiers with rifles leveled . 
 their welcoming committee . 
 pyotr urged him faster , as if the boy knew something monk did not . 
 monk 's wounded leg lanced an agonizing spike with every step . 
 his chest tightened . 
 his breathing wheezed . 
 he stared down toward his waist . 
 he still wore his dosimeter badge . 
 it flapped with each step . 
 monk could see the surface . 
 it showed crimson , but with each passing yard , it grew a shade darker . 
 despite his leg , he sped faster . 
 monk and pyotr sprinted for the doors . 
 as they neared the exit , a massive blast shattered like thunder , coming from out in the cavern of chelyabinsk 88 . 
 monk 's steps stuttered in surprise , but pyotr tugged him onward . 
 the guards , equally startled , twisted around . 
 one dropped flat in fear . 
 pyotr aimed for the gap . 
 hitting the line , the boy leaped over the soldier 's prone form . 
 his other hand darted and snatched a sidearm from the holster of a neighboring soldier . 
 the boy swung and slapped the weapon into monk 's one hand . 
 there was no fumbling . 
 it had hit his palm perfectly . 
 monk swung out his arm . 
 from point-blank range , he fired into the line , using a reflexive skill buried deeper than his erased memory . 
 he emptied the entire clip , dropping all five men . 
 monk tossed the pistol aside . 
 pyotr dashed forward and grabbed another . 
 he passed it to monk , snatched his sleeve again , and they were off . 
 all around the cavern , more explosions rocked . 
 men screamed and smoke poured from several of the abandoned apartment buildings . 
 as he ran , he spotted the screaming passage of a rocket-propelled mortar or grenade . 
 it slammed into another of the buildings . 
 concrete and glass exploded outward , showering the soldiers below . 
 the base was under attack . 
 but by whom ? 
 gray raced the truck down the concrete ramp and through the massive doors . 
 on the plane ride here , he had read about these complexes , these cities underground . 
 the soviets used to bring in orchestras and bands to play for the workers , filling subterranean amphitheaters . 
 still , gray was not ready for the sheer size of the place . 
 nor the chaos . 
 six trucks had led the initial assault . 
 to soften them up , luca had said . 
 gray could n't argue . 
 this was luca 's army , not his . 
 he had one mission . 
 gray shot through a wall of smoke . 
 he saw rocket fire slamming into the five-story apartment buildings , collapsing entire sections . 
 luca was in the bed of the truck , braced with a rocket on his shoulder . 
 two trucks flanked to either side . 
 kowalski drove one , rosauro the other . 
 after their trucks passed through the mouth of the tunnel , the gypsies closed off the exit road behind them , blocking the way with a pair of logging trucks , heavy with timber . 
 two dozen men manned the barricade and kept anyone from leaving . 
 gray was impressed by the gypsies ' attack strategy-both now and moments before . 
 on the way up here from the airport , all the vehicles in the region appeared to be just ordinary rural traffic , wandering the mountainside roads and dirt tracks . 
 then , upon a coordinated signal , the entire peaceful-looking countryside rose and turned upon the mountain in a synchronized assault . 
 rifles bristled out of bunkers built into the centers of hay trucks . 
 horses broke away from wagons with riders bearing shotguns , covering steeper terrain swiftly . 
 motorcycles rocketed out of the back of paneled milk trucks and shot up the side roads . 
 the sudden transformation locked the mountainside down in a matter of minutes . 
 the russians who had already left the subterranean compound were waylaid on the road , driven into ditches , stripped of weapons , and tied up . 
 by the time gray reached the mountain entrance , the advance assault team was already barreling into the throat of the tunnel , leaving a trail of smoke and fire for him to follow . 
 gray had n't hesitated . 
 they had no time to spare . 
 operation saturn had to be found and stopped . 
 and luca 's men assisted there , too . 
 like any good army , the gypsies had gathered intelligence in advance of an attack . 
 on the way up here , a man in a black ankle-length duster had stood in the middle of the road and waved luca 's truck to stop . 
 two men in laboratory coats knelt in the roadside ditch , hands behind their backs , rifles held at their heads . 
 the gypsies had n't been gentle . 
 then again , it was the russians who had slaughtered their mountaintop village and kidnapped their children . 
 the russians had started this war ; the gypsies intended to finish it . 
 the interrogator passed luca a hand-drawn map , splattered with blood . 
 luca handed it off to gray . 
 it was a crude schematic of chelyabinsk 88 , including a circle around the control station for operation saturn , located in a subbasement bunker beneath one of the cavern 's apartment structures . 
 with the goal known , gray careened the truck down the curving road toward the ongoing siege at the high-rise complex . 
 the initial attack , while dramatic and surprising , had also clogged the road with rubble . 
 one entire building had fallen across the central roadway . 
 gypsies in trucks continued to mount a fiery barrage . 
 others abandoned their vehicles and prepared for a ground offensive . 
 gray skidded his truck to where the men gathered and rolled out . 
 kowalski and rosauro joined him . 
 hopping out of the truck bed , luca called out in romani . 
 men responded . 
 after a few exchanges , luca turned to gray and hunkered down with him behind one of the trucks . 
 `` the russians have taken to the buildings , defending more fiercely the deeper you go . '' 
 gray knew why . 
 `` they 've pulled their forces back to defend the control station . 
 if they 've not already initiated saturn , they will soon . 
 we ca n't wait . '' 
 luca held up a restraining hand and glanced back toward the gathered ground troops . 
 `` i have a man ... ah , here he is . '' 
 a small figure ran low over to them . 
 he wore cement-gray clothes and a black cap . 
 the two romani men spoke quickly . 
 `` this is rat , '' luca introduced the newcomer . 
 `` nice name , '' kowalski mumbled . 
 `` he 's a scout . 
 skilled at finding paths no one would think to guard . 
 he may know a way , but it 'll have to be a small party . 
 no more than five or six . '' 
 luca looked around at their small group . 
 `` perhaps just us . 
 va ? '' 
 `` va , '' kowalski agreed , then glanced to gray for confirmation . 
 `` the other men will keep the russians busy , '' luca added , waving to the ground forces and trucks . 
 `` we go then ? '' 
 rat asked in stilted english . 
 `` va , '' gray answered , earning a grin from the man and a clap on his knee . 
 they readied their weapons-rifles and sidearms-and followed the small man toward a pile of rubble . 
 gray could see no way through . 
 luca motioned to the ground forces as they passed . 
 a sharp warbling whistle spread across the smoky cavern . 
 rat waved their small team under a tilted section of wall . 
 gray ducked and found it led to a basement window of the closest apartment building . 
 as they slowly continued into the scout 's maze , gray heard a shout rise behind him . 
 `` opre roma ! '' 
 like a flame set to dry grass , the clarion call spread . 
 gunfire and rocket blasts intensified . 
 continuing onward , gray prayed they were n't too late . 
 savina moved swiftly down the stairs and into the bunker . 
 she ignored the twinges from her back , the shooting pains down her legs , and her pounding heart . 
 at the first sound of attack , she had the blast doors to the tunnel sealed and locked . 
 above , waiting for her , a group of the five strongest soldiers had been summoned by dr. petrov . 
 the plan was to abscond with five children , carried on the backs of the soldiers . 
 no more . 
 she could not take all ten . 
 their best chance to escape was to move quickly and efficiently . 
 the american prisoner had given her the idea . 
 he and the children had fled out a back service tunnel . 
 they would do the same . 
 but savina had one last measure to address . 
 she entered the bunker and found the technician and engineer tearing out keyboards . 
 they had already used magnetic wands to wipe the hard drives . 
 the damage to the controls would guarantee that nothing would interfere with the progress of operation saturn . 
 `` is everything locked down ? '' 
 the engineer nodded his head vigorously . 
 `` it would take an electrical genius weeks to repair it . '' 
 `` very good . '' 
 she lifted her pistol and shot the engineer through the forehead . 
 the technician tried to run , but savina swung her arm and dropped him at the foot of the stairs , pierced through the neck . 
 he writhed , choking on his own blood . 
 she could not risk these two being caught . 
 what they dismantled , they might be forced to fix at gunpoint . 
 she could not let that happen . 
 to satisfy herself even further , savina grabbed a fire ax from the back wall and crossed to the boards . 
 lifting it high , she smashed both computers and electronics boards . 
 afterward , she rested the ax on the floor and leaned on its handle . 
 she stared at the row of lcd screens . 
 they still displayed views from various cameras . 
 she considered smashing the monitors , too , but with her back in full spasm , she did n't know if she could lift the ax again . 
 and in the end , what did it matter ? 
 she shoved the ax to the floor and stared at the centermost screen . 
 water poured in a toxic black stream . 
 let them see what she had wrought . 
 she smiled , enjoying this one last act of cruelty , then turned and headed for the stairs . 
 let them watch the world die . 
 no one could stop her . 
 21 september 7 , 1:03 p.m. southern ural mountains pyotr led the man by his shirtsleeve . 
 they ran through chaos . 
 soldiers screamed , glass shattered , rifles blasted , flames writhed , and smoke choked . 
 but it was n't chaos to pyotr . 
 he tugged monk into a sheltering dark doorway as a soldier rounded a corner ahead , searched , then moved on . 
 pyotr hurried the man down a hall , up some stairs , out a window , and over a pile of rubble to the next building . 
 `` pyotr , where are we going ? '' 
 he did n't answer , could n't answer . 
 reaching another hall , pyotr stopped . 
 in his head , he stretched outward along a thousand possibilities . 
 hearts glowed like small pyres , flickering with fear , anger , panic , cowardice , malice . 
 he understood how each would move even before they did . 
 it was his talent , only so much more now . 
 for he had a secret . 
 over the past years , as he woke screaming from his nightmare , waking other children with visions of bodies on fire , there was a reason his other classmates performed so poorly on their tests afterward . 
 the teachers believed it was just because pyotr had scared them , but they were wrong . 
 pyotr 's talent was to read hearts . 
 they called it empathy . 
 but he had a secret , something he only talked to marta about . 
 something he knew from his dreams . 
 he could do more than read hearts-he could also steal them . 
 it was n't fear that made the other children perform poorly ; they had something drawn from them . 
 for just a few minutes after waking , pyotr could do anything . 
 he could multiply big numbers , like konstantin ; he could tell a person was lying by listening to how they talked , like elena ; he could see to hidden places , like his sister ; and so much more . 
 it filled him until he burned . 
 he pictured the stars falling into him , screaming , feeding the emptiness inside him . 
 in his dreams , he had always woken before he consumed them fully . 
 not today . 
 pyotr walked through a dream from which he could never wake . 
 he knew he had crossed a line , but he also knew he had no choice . 
 he was always meant to burn . 
 pyotr stared out at the chaos with a fiery gaze that was not his alone . 
 through a hundred eyes , he teased a pattern out of the chaos . 
 though he could not see the future-or at least no more than a few seconds-his ears took in every noise , his eyes interpreted every flicker of flame or shift of shadow , his heart read deep into what drove a man to choose to step here or there , to take that corner or not , to shoot or run . 
 and with a shadow of his sister 's ability , his senses extended a few yards beyond even that . 
 and out of that chaos , a path took form . 
 one he could follow . 
 pyotr crossed out into the hallway , guiding monk behind him . 
 he pointed to the left-and monk shot the soldier who stepped into view a second later . 
 the man was learning to trust pyotr 's instinct . 
 to move with him , to fire upon command , growing into an extension of pyotr . 
 together , they crossed through the pattern . 
 moving through pure instinct . 
 and that 's what pyotr was now : instinct fired by a hundred talents . 
 he understood fully . 
 instinct was merely the brain 's unconscious interpretation of millions of subtle changes in the environment , both at the moment and leading up to it . 
 the brain took all that chaotic information , saw a pattern , and the body reacted to it . 
 it seemed magical , but it was only biological . 
 pyotr did the same now-only a hundredfold more powerfully . 
 he extended his senses , reading hearts , motivations , trajectories , distances , noises , voices , directions , cadences , smoke , heat ... and on and on . 
 the million details filled him and sifted through the hundred minds he shared . 
 from out of that chaos , patterns opened , and he knew each step to take . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 monk asked again . 
 where you need to be , pyotr answered silently . 
 pyotr led him down the stairs again , then pulled the man to the floor as a shot fired overhead . 
 from there , they crawled under a row of steel desks as soldiers searched , then down another set of stairs to a long basement hall with branches into a maze of rooms and other passageways . 
 pyotr hurried . 
 while he saw a pattern , he could not truly see the future . 
 he danced faster along the threads of pure instinct , sensing the pressure of ages upon him . 
 they were running out of time . 
 the man grew more distressed , perhaps sensing the same . 
 `` where are you - ? '' 
 a new voice intruded , coming from the end of the hall , pitched full of surprise . 
 pyotr read the pound in the newcomer 's heart . 
 a name was called out with a ring of disbelief . 
 `` monk ! '' 
 gray almost shot him . 
 rounding into the hall , gray had found two figures running straight at him , one with a weapon pointed ahead . 
 if not for the presence of the boy , gray would have shot on instinct . 
 instead , he momentarily froze between recognition and shock . 
 his friend did not . 
 the pistol fired . 
 gray felt a kick to his shoulder , throwing him back . 
 pain lanced outward . 
 kowalski caught him as he fell and barked as loud as the crack of the pistol shot . 
 `` monk , you ass ! 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 monk halted , tugged to a stop by the boy . 
 his face collapsed into a wary mask of confusion . 
 `` who ... who are you people ? '' 
 kowalski still fumed . 
 `` who are we ? 
 we 're your goddamn friends ! '' 
 gray gained his feet , his left shoulder blazing with fire . 
 `` monk , do n't you recognize us ? '' 
 monk fingered a red and swollen line of sutures behind his ears . 
 `` no ... actually i do n't . '' 
 gray stumbled over to him , his mind dizzy with questions , with the impossibility of it all . 
 was it amnesia or had they done something to him ? 
 how could monk be here ? 
 gray did n't care . 
 he gave his friend a bear hug , earning a fiery complaint from his shoulder . 
 just a graze , but he would 've taken a gut shot to have this man back in his life . 
 he clutched even tighter . 
 `` i knew it ... i knew it ... , '' gray whispered fiercely . 
 tears welled and rolled . 
 `` god , you 're alive . '' 
 kowalski grumbled , `` he wo n't be alive much longer if we do n't get moving . '' 
 the man was right . 
 gray let monk go , but he kept one hand on his friend 's elbow , to make sure he did n't disappear again . 
 monk looked across the lot of them . 
 `` listen , '' he said and pointed outward . 
 `` i could use your help . 
 there 's something i have to stop . '' 
 `` operation saturn , '' gray said . 
 monk did a double take in gray 's direction , then nodded . 
 `` that 's right . 
 this boy can - '' monk suddenly twirled around . 
 `` where 's pyotr ? '' 
 gray understood his confusion . 
 the boy had vanished during the chaos . 
 1:15 p.m. kyshtym , russia elizabeth studied the image on the computer screen . 
 it displayed the wall mosaic from the temple in india . 
 five figures sat on tripod chairs surrounding the central omphalos . 
 from the hole in the stone , smoke swirled upward like a steaming volcano . 
 a fiery boy rose above it , half buried in a column of the smoke . 
 but it was n't just the smoke that lifted him . 
 at her elbow , elizabeth had papers covered with scribbled lines of harappan , sanskrit , and greek . 
 she had images of the inscriptions on the wall and omphalos . 
 she was not entirely certain of her translation . 
 the world will burn ... she studied the mosaic closer . 
 five women slouched in their chairs , as if in a trance , but each held one arm raised toward the smoky boy . 
 her first thought was that it represented a conjuring of the boy or summoning of him . 
 but now she knew better . 
 they were n't conjuring him , they were supporting him . 
 she glanced to the line she had freshly translated in full . 
 the world will burn ... unless the many become one . 
 it was a warning . 
 the mosaic foretold what must come to pass or the world would be destroyed in some great fire . 
 elizabeth remembered gray 's concern that whatever operation was at work in these mountains would kill millions and most likely involved a nuclear or radiological event . 
 she pictured a mushroom cloud , burning and smoking with hellfire . 
 it was not unlike the billowing smoke from the mosaic . 
 ... unless the many become one . 
 she scrolled down to the bottom of the image , below the newly translated warning . 
 she touched a finger to what lay there . 
 a chakra wheel . 
 her fingertip traced a petal to the center . 
 the chakra wheel represented the same warning . 
 the numerous petals all led to one center . 
 the many become one . 
 she stared again at the five women , lifting a boy high . 
 certainty grew in her-not only about the accuracy of her translation , but also about its importance . 
 elizabeth 's body trembled with dread . 
 she had to get word out to someone . 
 she crossed to the satellite phone gray had left her . 
 he had instructed her to call director crowe if there were any problems . 
 still , she hesitated . 
 what if she was wrong ? 
 what if she caused more of a mess ? 
 she considered keeping silent . 
 but she remembered her father , and all his secrets . 
 of masterson and his . 
 she was done with secrets and half-truths , of words not spoken . 
 no more . 
 she would not be her father . 
 knowing her discovery was important , she raised the handset and tapped in the number gray had left . 
 3:18 a.m. washington , d.c. painter watched as the child was prepped for the operation . 
 he stood with kat bryant in a neighboring observation room off sigma 's small surgical suite . 
 sterile-wrapped equipment waited to be employed for the delicate operation : ultrasonic aspirators , laser scalpels , stereotactic localizers . 
 trays of steel tools and drills with various burrs lined tables . 
 inside the room , lisa , malcolm , and a neurosurgical team from george washington university hospital continued the final preparations . 
 in the middle , sasha lay under a thin surgical drape . 
 all that was visible was the side of her head , shaved , coated in orange antiseptic , and trapped in a rigid frame attached to a scanning device . 
 in the center of the surgical field , her steel implant reflected the lights . 
 kat , pale and worried , stood with one hand on the window . 
 over the course of the past hour , a series of eeg results and ct scans had shown progressive brain damage in the child . 
 whatever was happening to sasha , it was slowly burning out her brain . 
 it was decided , while the child was still strong , to remove the implant . 
 it seemed to be the focus around which the storm of neurological hyperactivity centered . 
 lisa had used the term `` lightning rod . '' 
 the only way to save her was to remove it . 
 the neurosurgeon had studied all the scans and x-rays . 
 he believed the device could be removed safely . 
 it would be a delicate procedure , but not beyond his abilities . 
 that had been the first good news all night . 
 painter 's phone jangled in his pocket . 
 he considered not answering it , but he tugged it out and checked the i.d. from kyshtym , russia . 
 he turned his back on the window , flipped open the phone , and answered it . 
 `` painter crowe here . '' 
 `` director , '' a woman spoke , sounding greatly relieved . 
 it was elizabeth polk . 
 `` gray left this number . '' 
 he heard the anxiety in her rushed voice . 
 `` what 's wrong , elizabeth ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 something i discovered , translated ... anyway ... '' painter listened as she stated her case , her fears , what she believed was the message buried in an ancient mosaic . 
 `` the oracles were all slumped in their chairs , unconscious , drugged , drained . 
 their sole reason for existing was to support the one who could save the world from destruction . 
 i know this sounds crazy , but i think it 's connected to what 's going on today . '' 
 as she talked , painter had swung back to the window overlooking the surgical suite . 
 her words resonated through him . 
 slumped , unconscious , drugged ... like sasha 's collapse . 
 he remembered kat reporting the girl called out her brother 's name just before she collapsed . 
 their sole reason for existing was to support the one who could save the world from destruction . 
 painter saw the surgeon lift his scalpel , ready to begin the operation . 
 no . 
 he bolted for the door . 
 kat called to him . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 painter had no time . 
 he burst through the sterile prep area and into the operating room . 
 `` stop ! 
 no one move ! '' 
 1:14 p.m. southern ural mountains `` general-major , you should head downstairs to the bunker , '' the soldier warned . 
 he stood a head taller than her , thick with muscle . 
 `` we shall make a stand here . '' 
 another soldier dragged dr. petrov 's screaming form into the room from the hallway . 
 his leg had been blown off at the knee . 
 blood poured . 
 other soldiers ran in with the children carried over their shoulders . 
 the group had been chased back to the apartment by the collapse of the russian forces , retreating before the guerrilla assault . 
 the large soldier pointed a beefy arm toward the stairwell . 
 `` please , general-major . 
 we will hold off as long as we can . '' 
 `` the children ... '' savina said , knowing her plan was crumbling around her . 
 she could not let anyone else steal what she had started . 
 `` shoot them all . '' 
 the man 's eyes grew large , but he was a soldier . 
 he nodded . 
 savina retreated down the stairs . 
 she could not watch . 
 her legs stumbled under her as she reached the bottom of the stairs . 
 the door to the room was four-inch steel . 
 barricaded inside , she would wait out the war above . 
 ahead , she noted the flicker of the screens beyond the doorway . 
 in the center screen , water flooded poison into the earth . 
 as she holed up here , she would take solace as she watched . 
 gunfire erupted overhead . 
 the children ... cringing , she headed for the room . 
 but a shape stepped into view in the open doorway , blocking her . 
 a boy . 
 pyotr . 
 pyotr stood in the doorway and stared up at the woman . 
 she was darkness and shadow in the gloom of the stairwell . 
 he did not truly see her , but he knew her . 
 he focused on the flame of her heart , aglow at the foot of the stairs . 
 `` pyotr , '' she called to him , with a shining note of hope in her voice . 
 as she stepped toward him , he lifted his arms and reached out-not with flesh but with his fiery spirit . 
 he cupped the flame of her heart between his open palms , holding it like a frightened bird . 
 then he gently squeezed , smothering her flame . 
 the woman dropped to her knees with a cry , a fist clutched to her heart . 
 `` pyotr , what are you - ? '' 
 hope turned to terror as she screamed . 
 he was not done . 
 there was another facet to pyotr 's talent of empathy . 
 he could certainly sense others ' emotions , but with the force of a hundred behind him , he could do more . 
 as a hundred eyes stared out of his , he drew from the other children : all the agony of the scalpel , the ache of loneliness , the coldness of neglect , the pain of secret abuse at night . 
 he reached farther back , to a blue-eyed child in a dark church , watching a woman and a man approach . 
 he stole all that fear out of the past and thrust it like a dagger into her heart . 
 the woman shrieked , arched back , racked and locked in a pain without end . 
 yet , likewise , as the dark emotions ran through pyotr , the same fire grazed him . 
 hot tears flowed for all the lost innocence , including his own . 
 he barely registered the pistol as it lifted toward him . 
 the woman sought to blindly kill what tortured her . 
 while he did the same to her . 
 the pistol blast shattered the silence . 
 pyotr fell back when the woman 's flame suddenly snuffed out between his palms . 
 as he stumbled back , she fell to the floor , half her face gone . 
 he stared up and saw monk rushing down the stairs from above , his pistol smoking . 
 the man leaped over the woman and scooped him in his arms . 
 `` pyotr ! '' 
 monk lifted the stiff boy . 
 he ran his hand over his small frame . 
 he seemed uninjured , though his skin burned to the touch . 
 he hugged pyotr to his chest . 
 the others ran down the stairs behind him . 
 a brief firefight had eliminated the defenders above . 
 it had looked like the russians had been about to fire upon a group of unconscious children . 
 if they 'd been a half minute later ... the gypsies remained above to secure the area and watch over the children . 
 they were safe here for the moment . 
 `` is this the place ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 with the boy in his arms , monk crossed with the others into the bunker . 
 the control board smoked from deep gashes into the smoldering circuitry . 
 keyboards lay cracked . 
 glass crunched underfoot . 
 everything was shattered , except for a row of wall monitors . 
 monk pointed to the center screen , recognizing the room . 
 it was the heart of operation saturn . 
 only now , black water poured like a river out of a hole in the roof and swirled down a shaft in the floor . 
 `` it 's already under way , '' he said hollowly . 
 `` we 're too late . '' 
 on a neighboring screen , monk spotted the mining chamber where he 'd left konstantin and the others . 
 the kids were sprawled in tangled piles . 
 the view was too grainy to tell if they were still alive . 
 had the radiation somehow reached them ? 
 a well of despair swept through him . 
 as gray fished out a sat-phone , monk stared at the others : kowalski and rosauro . 
 monk sought any glimmer of recognition . 
 there was none . 
 who were these people ? 
 if they were friends , should n't they jar some reaction from him ? 
 as he studied the others , pyotr reached a hand toward the center screen and placed his palm on it . 
 `` what 's he doing ? '' 
 gray asked with the phone at his ear . 
 monk turned his attention . 
 `` pyotr ? '' 
 the boy stared deeply at the image on the screen . 
 kowalski spoke to the left . 
 `` hey ! 
 the train 's moving over here ! '' 
 monk glanced over . 
 the train slowly shifted down the tracks , sparking with electricity . 
 the tunnel must still have power , not that they had any control over it . 
 `` is the kid doing that ? '' 
 kowalski asked . 
 `` moving it with his mind ? '' 
 monk held his breath , then let it out slowly . 
 `` no , '' he said and stared at the receding train , suddenly remembering . 
 `` there 's someone else out there . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 as pyotr 's hand touched the screen , he cast his senses out into the tunnel , stretching to his limits . 
 fired by stolen talents , steel and concrete could not stop his reach . 
 as voices faded behind him , he dove into the dark tunnel and swept toward the one flaming star that remained inside , a great heart , one he had loved all his young life . 
 pyotr found her cowering in the train , rocking . 
 she had hid out of sight of the cameras because he had asked it of her . 
 she was part of the pattern . 
 but for the moment , nothing mattered . 
 he hurt , deeper than he 'd ever been hurt . 
 he simply needed her . 
 reaching her old heart , he cupped the flame gently and sent her all his love and his need . 
 she knew he was there and hooted gently , reaching to the empty air . 
 in the dark tunnel , they wrapped around each other , sharing emotions at a level deeper than anyone else . 
 it was one of their secrets . 
 he had known the truth the moment they 'd first touched hands . 
 pyotr knew the reason so many children loved marta , came to her for comfort , to cry in her arms or to simply be held . 
 she had a talent , unknown to her keepers , a strong gift of empathy , like pyotr . 
 two kindred spirits . 
 so he kept her secret , and she kept his . 
 but it was n't their only secret . 
 there was a darker one , wrapped in terror , revealed in a way neither understood but both knew to be true . 
 from the moment they first saw each other , they knew they would die together . 
 gray watched the train accelerate down the tunnel toward the site of operation saturn . 
 monk had given him a thumbnail version of the purpose . 
 `` but who 's in the train ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` can we communicate with them ? '' 
 monk held the boy as his small fingers were splayed on the screen . 
 `` i think pyotr is already there . 
 the boy knows how to operate the train . '' 
 `` but who 's on the train ? '' 
 `` a friend . '' 
 on the screen displaying the heart of operation saturn , the train pulled into view at the edge and braked . 
 a dark shape hopped out of the front car and loped into the chamber . 
 `` is that a monkey ? '' 
 kowalski asked , stepping back . 
 `` ape , '' rosauro corrected with a sigh , as if she was tired of correcting the man . 
 `` a chimpanzee . '' 
 `` it 's marta , '' monk said . 
 gray heard the pain in his voice . 
 a storm of radiation had to be surging through there . 
 the figure moved slowly , slipping , knuckling awkwardly , already sick . 
 `` what 's she trying to do ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` trying to save us all , '' monk answered . 
 pyotr stayed with marta . 
 he pulled her flame close to his , not enough to be consumed , but so he could feed her his strength , let her know what she had to do , that she was n't alone . 
 likewise , he caught glimpses through her eyes , through her sharper senses . 
 he saw the column of roaring water . 
 he felt a heat weakening and burning marta . 
 the air smelled like rotting fish and frightened both of them , a flow of dark water , from their shared nightmares . 
 deadlier than any river . 
 but they faced it together . 
 marta skirted around the gaping hole that swallowed the water so thirstily . 
 it had to be stopped . 
 there was only one way . 
 pyotr knew and told marta . 
 konstantin had explained in detail how all the equipment worked : about the explosive charges , about the radio transmitters , about the giant silo doors . 
 he had also told pyotr about the lever . 
 marta needed no help . 
 she spotted the rod of steel behind a piece of equipment . 
 it could close the silo doors and stop the flow into the heart of the world . 
 pyotr felt the soft hoots of fear coming from her . 
 he felt them under his own ribs . 
 you can do it , marta ... she struggled , her skin burned , her fur fell like pine needles , her knuckles blistered in contact with the spray of water on the rock . 
 pyotr held her flame and willed her strength . 
 she reached the lever . 
 it was tilted close to the floor . 
 it needed to be raised straight up . 
 she hunched a shoulder under it , gripped the length with both hands , and heaved with her legs . 
 the steel would not move . 
 as death flowed behind her in a burning current , pyotr felt the strain in her back , in her legs , in her heart . 
 her flame flickered in his hands . 
 marta ... but the lever would not move . 
 monk watched marta struggle with the lever . 
 she was too weak . 
 it would not budge . 
 pyotr began breathing hard , sharing the old chimpanzee 's fear and pain . 
 `` why wo n't it move ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 `` c'mon , you damn monkey ! '' 
 kowalski yelled . 
 monk leaned closer , placing his own palm on the screen . 
 he tried to remember the brief glimpse into the room as he had hurried past . 
 as he strained , a sharp jab of electric pain shot through his head . 
 images from another time and place flashed . 
 ... a man covered in coal soot ... a plunging ride in an ore car ... a white grin against dusty skin ... that 's a boy ! 
 ... just like , daddy ... then it was gone . 
 monk struggled to retain something , but like a dream upon waking , memory began to dissolve through his fingers . 
 why did that particular memory dredge up ? 
 buried in it must be something important . 
 as the memory faded , he caught a glimpse of that coal-dust-covered man slowing the ore car by squeezing the - `` hand brake ! '' 
 he gasped out . 
 he flashed back to the brief peek into the mine site before . 
 he pictured the lever . 
 it 'd had a handgrip at its end . 
 monk turned to pyotr . 
 he leaned and whispered in his feverish ear . 
 `` marta must reach to the end of the lever . 
 she must squeeze the handle . 
 then it will move for her . '' 
 pyotr continued to stare , as if deaf to his words , and maybe the boy truly could not hear . 
 monk had to get him to listen . 
 seeming to understand his frustration , the woman rosauro stepped next to him . 
 `` how are they communicating ? 
 telepathically ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i think empathically . 
 sharing emotions . 
 i 've seen him do it with her before . 
 just not at such a distance . '' 
 `` then you 'll have to reach him the same way . '' 
 monk glanced at her , as if she were a madwoman . 
 gray spoke . 
 `` rosauro 's specialty is neurology . 
 listen to her . '' 
 the woman spoke slowly . 
 `` empathy is all about sensation and tactility . 
 you might be able to reach them the same way . 
 offer something that comforts him . 
 it may open a path . '' 
 monk pictured pyotr and marta . 
 they had been always touching , rubbing , grazing against each other , but monk remembered what brought the boy the greatest sense of security and comfort . 
 shifting , he wrapped his arms around pyotr as he had seen marta do so often . 
 he felt the boy 's heart race like a hummingbird 's . 
 rocking the boy very gently , monk huffed in his ear and whispered what must be done . 
 he willed it with all his heart . 
 squeeze the hand brake ... pyotr stayed with marta as she struggled with the lever-then felt a familiar warmth coming from behind him . 
 he glanced over his shoulder and found a strong heart there , casting a fierce flame . 
 he stared into that fire and sensed what must be done as much as he heard it . 
 he turned back to marta and clasped to her , letting her know , too . 
 but his friend trembled and burned , growing so weak . 
 please ... she hooted , scared , but one of her large hands slid up the lever and found the grip there . 
 long fingers wrapped around it and squeezed . 
 then she heaved again , shouldering the lever and pushing with her legs . 
 the lever moved , but it was still heavy . 
 with shaking limbs , she fought it straight up and shoved it back . 
 something snapped loudly . 
 a great grind of gears sounded . 
 exhausted and spent , marta slumped to the ground . 
 `` she did it ! '' 
 gray said . 
 on the screen , the hole in the floor began closing , snipping off the stream with a steel iris . 
 the river of water , no longer able to drain below , flooded into the mining chamber . 
 the chimpanzee was flushed out of the room and into the tunnel , but more and more water followed . 
 though clearly exhausted and burned , she gained her feet and swung atop the train car . 
 as black water rose around her , she loped back and forth across the roof , scribing a path of panic and distress . 
 gray 's heart went out to the poor creature . 
 `` get that damned monkey out of there , for christ 's sake ! '' 
 kowalski bellowed . 
 he slammed a fist on the broken control board . 
 but there was nothing they could do . 
 the doors were jammed , and water was swiftly filling the tunnel , which was sealed at both ends . 
 even if they could open the doors , the radiation level would kill them all . 
 and ultimately , the chimpanzee had already been exposed to many times the lethal dosage . 
 rosauro turned her back and stepped away , covering her mouth with concern . 
 finally , the old chimpanzee settled to her haunches , hugging her knees . 
 she began to rock . 
 she knew what was coming . 
 monk clutched the boy , a single tear running down his cheek . 
 in his arms , the boy rocked , too , in exact synch with his friend in the tunnel . 
 pyotr stayed with marta as the waters rose . 
 her heart flashed and swirled in fear . 
 she 'd always known the dark water would kill her . 
 he held her now , as she had done with him so many times in the past . 
 he wrapped his warm arms around her and pulled her tight . 
 they rocked together one last time , two hearts sharing one flame . 
 marta knew his secret , too . 
 she hooted softly and leaned her cheek against him . 
 pyotr ... i love you , marta ... as the waters rose to consume his friend , pyotr looked into the dark sea that filled him , shining with seventy-seven bright lights , swirling around a brighter fire that was his own heart . 
 one of his teachers had told him how planets circled suns , trapped in their orbits . 
 he understood . 
 he knew by consuming those stars he could never let them go . 
 this was no nightmare where he stole only a little of their skill . 
 he had crossed a line of no return . 
 as he stared , he saw those stolen lights grow infinitesimally dimmer . 
 he was burning them up , consuming his friends , his sister . 
 there was only one way to let them go . 
 it was the other reason he came to marta . 
 he needed her . 
 pyotr ... no ... you must ... he felt her hands reach tentatively to that bright light inside his dark sea . 
 her long warm fingers wrapped around his own heart . 
 pyotr ... but she knew . 
 for the others to live , there was only one path . 
 the others were trapped in his orbit , and if left unchecked , he would burn through them all . 
 the only way to free them was to take away the sun that held them . 
 then the stars could fly back and return to where they belonged . 
 so marta squeezed and squeezed as dark waters rose around her . 
 focused on him , she was no longer scared . 
 as they rocked , she closed her fingers tenderly , but it still hurt . 
 then just before pyotr 's light fully died , he reached to a single star in that dark sea , slightly brighter still than the rest . 
 sasha , he whispered and told his sister a secret . 
 the boy suddenly slumped in his arms . 
 his small hand fell away from the screen . 
 he saw marta 's body get washed from the top of the train and swirl off into the darkness of the tunnel . 
 monk lowered the boy to the floor . 
 `` pyotr ? 
 the boy stared blindly toward the ceiling , pupils dilated . 
 monk checked for a pulse . 
 he found one but barely . 
 the boy 's chest rose and fell . 
 overhead , small cries and screams echoed down . 
 the other children . 
 they were waking , rising to find a room full of dead bodies . 
 gray pointed . 
 `` rosauro , kowalski , go up and help them ! '' 
 monk glanced to the grainy image from the other end of the tunnel . 
 he watched kids stirring , others already standing . 
 he saw konstantin help kiska sit up . 
 they were okay . 
 `` what about the boy ? '' 
 gray asked . 
 monk sat on the floor and cradled his thin body . 
 pyotr breathed , his blood pumped , but monk stared into his blank eyes and knew the boy was gone . 
 pyotr ... why ? 
 gray joined him and placed a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` maybe it 's shock . 
 maybe with time ... '' monk appreciated the offer of hope , but he knew the truth . 
 as he had held the boy , he had felt the child let go . 
 monk 's gaze returned to the screen full of stirring children . 
 monk knew . 
 pyotr had sacrificed his life for them , for all his brothers and sisters . 
 gray settled to his haunches next to him , keeping vigil with him . 
 the stranger seemed like a good man , and in this quiet moment alone , monk felt a certain comfort around the guy . 
 not a memory , just a sensation that he could drop his guard without fear . 
 so monk felt no shame as tears rolled heavily and he rocked pyotr one last time , now just an empty shell of a boy . 
 22 september 28 , 4:21 p.m. washington , d.c. painter crossed through the rabble of tents and wagons covering the national mall . 
 the gypsy encampment filled the grassy fields and long meadows of the mall . 
 the tents were a mix of traditional structures made of hazel rods thrust into the ground and covered in sailcloth , and more modern tents , fresh from a sporting goods store . 
 the wagons were just as diverse , from simple structures to massive homes with smoking chimneys resting on tall painted wheels . 
 the romani had come from all around the world to this great gathering . 
 horses were corralled in makeshift pens , children ran throughout , music rang out , great bouts of laughter echoed . 
 and more and more were arriving each day . 
 the president had an official thank-you ceremony scheduled for the end of the week . 
 nothing like saving someone 's life to get them to extend a grateful hand of hospitality . 
 not to mention saving the world . 
 painter followed a path through the chaos as dogs barked and children scampered out of his way . 
 tourists also shared the crooked alleyways and narrow bazaars , buying trinkets , having their fortunes told , or merely ogling the merry mayhem . 
 painter glanced up at the washington monument to help align himself and continued onward . 
 stepping around a corner , a space opened in front of him , backed by one of the largest and most elaborately decorated wagons . 
 its wooden doors stood open . 
 painter spotted a cozy home with a raised double bed , cabinets brightly painted and lacquered in yellows and reds . 
 there was even a small stove with a fancifully carved mantelpiece . 
 on the steps leading up to the wagon , painter found luca sitting with gray , deep in conversation . 
 the commander 's arm was still in a sling . 
 a few steps away , shay rosauro was playing a game of daggers with a group of gypsy men . 
 one of her blades whistled through the air and hit the bull 's - eye , knocking off an opponent 's knife . 
 from their plaintive calls for mercy , she must be soundly besting them . 
 off to the side , painter was surprised to see elizabeth and kowalski . 
 the woman must have just returned from india to attend the ceremony . 
 she was working with both romani historians and indian archaeologists to unearth the flooded greek temple site . 
 painter glanced to the right and spotted the banner across the front facade of the museum of natural history . 
 it displayed a greek mountain temple with a prominent capital epsilon in the center , announcing the upcoming exhibit about the oracle of delphi . 
 with all the publicity of late about the archaeological discovery , tickets were already sold out for months in advance , many bought by the gypsies here , eager to learn more about the origin of their clans . 
 luca spotted painter 's arrival and stood . 
 the gypsy was dressed in loose pants with a thick belt and matching black boots , along with an open vest over a long-sleeved embroidered shirt . 
 `` ah , director crowe ! 
 welcome ! '' 
 painter offered a bow of his head to the clan leader . 
 `` nais tuke , '' he thanked him in the romani tongue . 
 gray also stood . 
 like kowalski , the commander was dressed casually in jeans and a light jacket . 
 over the past days , they had all found themselves coming here . 
 it had been a long couple of weeks of funerals and grim meetings . 
 painter wandered here almost every night with lisa . 
 they would stroll through the camp , in each other 's arms , not talking , but listening to the songs and laughter as they passed families gathered around candle-lit suppers . 
 painter took solace in this fervent and bright reminder of the fullness of life . 
 painter also found the shared songs and communal camaraderie echoed back to his own childhood , to the tribal festivals on the mashantucket reservations . 
 it did feel like coming home ... if just a bit . 
 but today 's gathering was more formal and practical . 
 they all crossed to a nearby plank table . 
 a pair of massive draft horses were penned nearby . 
 as they sat , gray asked , `` so how did the meeting go ? '' 
 luca stared at him with bright eyes . 
 painter had just returned from a meeting with representatives from the state department , the russian embassy , and several child welfare organizations . 
 the status of seventy-seven children was the point of contention . 
 there were many claims on them . 
 `` the russians were happy to concede all authority over to us , '' painter began . 
 `` they have enough to clean up as it is . 
 the latest radiological studies from the joint nuclear task force suggest that the partial flooding of lake karachay into the groundwater , while locally disastrous and requiring evacuation of lands for miles downstream , will not prove globally catastrophic . 
 the floodgates were closed in time . '' 
 gray looked relieved . 
 `` and the children ? '' 
 painter had visited the hospital this morning . 
 an entire wing of george washington university hospital had been cordoned off to handle the children flown in from russia . 
 the neurology team had spent the last weeks slowly and meticulously removing the implants . 
 as the chief neurologist had originally conjectured , the extraction was a delicate but not exceptionally complicated procedure . 
 the last child had her implant removed a couple of days ago . 
 they were all doing well . 
 `` testing shows some savant talent remains in the children but at a substantially weakened level , '' painter said . 
 `` whatever communion was shared at the end seemed to have burned out the foundations of the neurological structure that produced their prodigious talent . 
 but contrarily , the change also seemed to lessen their autistic presentation . 
 the children have shown remarkable improvement . 
 still , whoever takes on the mantle of fostering these children will have to concede to a supervised monitoring of their health status , along with regular psychological evaluations , both in regard to their talents and to their general mental health . '' 
 painter stared at luca , who remained stoic , but his eyes shone with hope . 
 painter finally smiled . 
 `` but the unanimous consensus of the panel is that the children will be released to gypsy families for that fostering . '' 
 luca pounded a fist on the table . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 his loud reaction earned a whinnied complaint from one of the draft horses and an equally firm stamp of a large hoof . 
 painter spent another half hour going over further details , which helped sober the man but failed to dim the light in the gypsy 's eyes . 
 finally they all stood and began to disperse . 
 elizabeth headed out , with kowalski at her elbow . 
 `` now that you 're back in town , '' kowalski mumbled to her , running a palm over his shaved scalp . 
 `` would you want ... maybe we could ... ? '' 
 gray winced at the man 's efforts and nodded for painter to move to the side . 
 `` this is n't going to be pretty . '' 
 `` what is it , joe ? '' 
 elizabeth asked , an eyebrow lifted curiously at the large man . 
 he stammered , cursed under his breath , then straightened . 
 `` do you want to go out on a date ? '' 
 smooth , painter thought , suppressing a grin . 
 elizabeth shrugged and led kowalski out . 
 `` you mean a second date , right ? '' 
 kowalski 's brow crinkled like a washboard . 
 `` i think being shot at , kidnapped , irradiated , and saving the world classifies at least as a first date . '' 
 kowalski tripped along next to her , his mind catching up at about the same pace . 
 `` so you 'll go ? '' 
 elizabeth nodded . 
 `` as long as you bring the cigars . '' 
 kowalski grinned . 
 `` i got a whole box of-aw , crap ! '' 
 he stopped and stared down at his shoes . 
 his left foot had landed squarely in a pile of horse manure . 
 `` these are my brand-new chukkas ! '' 
 elizabeth hooked his arm under hers and headed off . 
 `` it 'll wash off . '' 
 `` but you do n't understand ! 
 the leather is hand polished by ... '' the pair disappeared into the throng . 
 gray shook his head . 
 `` kowalski 's got a date . 
 i think hell 's just gotten a little bit colder . '' 
 painter and gray headed out toward the smithsonian castle . 
 both of them had a ton of work still to do . 
 sigma command remained in disarray , both politically and structurally . 
 they 'd lost some key people during the initial assault , and one entire level remained cordoned off due to the firestorm . 
 repairs and inspections of the infrastructure were still under way . 
 but politically things were far dicier . 
 they had managed to capture the neurologist dr. james chen , one of the jasons involved with mapplethorpe and mcbride . 
 under interrogation , he was helping them weed out the corrupt jasons from the legitimate scientists working for the defense department . 
 but mapplethorpe was another matter . 
 he had his fingers throughout washington 's intelligence agencies . 
 it was still unclear if he had been operating solely as a rogue agent or if there were members of the washington establishment who had supported the man 's action . 
 as a result , intelligence camps were circling their wagons , protecting themselves but still pointing fingers . 
 even toward sigma . 
 so vultures circled , but painter had the backing of a grateful president . 
 it would take work , but they 'd get things running smoothly before long . 
 in fact , painter was scheduled to meet sean mcknight 's replacement tomorrow , the new interim head of darpa . 
 the president initially offered painter the position , but he had declined . 
 sigma needed some continuity . 
 as the joint brainchild of archibald polk and sean mcknight , painter could not abandon sigma . 
 painter glanced at gray . 
 `` i assume you 'll be spending all day at the hospital tomorrow . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` kat will need company . '' 
 monk kokkalis 's surgery was scheduled for six in the morning . 
 an mri revealed what had been done to monk in the russian lab , but it remained unknown if the damage could ever be reversed . 
 the russians had wired a microchip into monk 's basolateral amygdala . 
 the neurologists believed the chip had induced and maintained a fluid amnesia . 
 it was a technique already being investigated using chemicals , specifically propranolol as a beta-blocker to erase especially strong memories of trauma . 
 the russians had been experimenting on monk , using the biotechnological equivalent . 
 the surgery had been delayed until monk finished a series of antiradiation treatments . 
 the neurologists used the extra time to study monk 's case , but they still could not say if he 'd ever get his memory back-especially with the other result found during the mri . 
 in order to install the chip , a small section of monk 's cerebral cortex had been removed . 
 painter recalled the horror on gray 's face upon learning that and his dismayed words : first his hand , now a section of his brain ... it 's like monk is slowly being whittled away . 
 `` has there been any indication that monk recognizes kat ? '' 
 painter asked . 
 gray shook his head . 
 `` the doctors have mostly kept her away . 
 they believe that , while the chip is still in his head , further stress on his memory , like the emotional connection with kat , might actually cause more damage than good . '' 
 `` still , she visited him . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` she had to . 
 she went into the room with a group of nurses . 
 monk conversed with them , but he had no reaction upon seeing kat . 
 nothing at all . 
 it practically destroyed her . 
 she has monk back , but he 's still lost to her . '' 
 `` then we 'll have to pray for the best . '' 
 september 29 , 6:21 p.m. george washington university hospital the man woke into a room too bright . 
 it stung his eyes and pounded deep into the back of his head . 
 nausea followed , accompanied by a swirl of details . 
 he swallowed hard a few times and forced his vision to steady . 
 a slim woman in a blue smock patted his hand . 
 `` there you go , mr. kokkalis . 
 just breathe . '' 
 she turned away . 
 `` he 's coming around more fully this time . '' 
 the spinning settled . 
 the pounding of the drum inside his head slowed to a dull pressure . 
 he found himself in a hospital room , remembering in bits and pieces . 
 the operation . 
 he lifted an arm and found it strapped to a plastic splint through which intravenous lines dripped both clear saline and a unit of blood . 
 to the side , monitors beeped and whirred . 
 monk tried to move his head , but his neck ached , and a tube ran down from a cap atop his head . 
 a series of doctors came through , shining lights into his eyes , making him do simple motor tests , judging his ability to swallow with ice chips , and performing other cranial nerve function tests . 
 after about ten minutes , they drifted away , chattering about his case , leaving two people standing at the foot of his bed . 
 monk recognized the man . 
 `` gray ... , '' he said hoarsely , his throat still raw from the endotracheal tube . 
 the man 's eyes brightened . 
 monk knew what they all hoped , what he hoped , but he shook his head . 
 he knew the man only from the chaos in russia . 
 a striking woman in jeans and a loose blouse leaned next to him , her auburn hair down to her shoulders . 
 her emerald eyes searched monk for some answer . 
 but he did n't even know the question . 
 gray touched her elbow . 
 `` it may be too soon , kat . 
 you know that . 
 the doctors said it might take months . '' 
 she turned slightly to the side and wiped her eyes . 
 `` i know , '' she said , but it sounded like a moan . 
 with his senses tuned sharp by a trailing edge of nausea , monk caught a scent in the air , familiar , spiced yet musky . 
 no memory came with it , but his breathing grew heavier . 
 something ... something about ... `` we should let him rest , '' gray said and guided the woman away . 
 `` we 'll come back in the morning . 
 it 's been a long day . 
 you should be getting her home anyway . '' 
 gray nodded to a blue stroller behind them . 
 a small child slept , nestled in blankets , head capped like monk 's , eyes closed , a pursed button of a mouth . 
 monk 's eyes locked on the baby . 
 staccato flashes burst into existence out of nothingness . 
 ... tiny fingers curled around his finger ... walking down a long , dark hall , tired , rocking the small figure in his arms ... little kicking feet as he changed a diaper ... just snippets . 
 no coherency . 
 but unlike before , there was no pain , only a soothing brightness that did not fade this time . 
 out of that glow , he found a small sliver of himself . 
 `` she 's ... her name ... '' the two turned to her . 
 `` it 's penelope . '' 
 the woman stared at the child , back to him . 
 her entire form shook as teats spilled in shining streaks of joy . 
 `` monk ... '' she rushed to his side , falling over him . 
 she leaned and kissed him gently , her hair draped over them like a tent . 
 he remembered . 
 the taste of cinnamon , soft lips ... he still did not know her name , but a surge of love swelled through him that drew tears to his own eyes . 
 maybe he would never know her name , not truly , but monk knew one thing with all his heart : if she 'd let him , he would spend the rest of his life learning who she was all over again . 
 7:01 p.m. gray headed down the hospital corridor , leaving kat and monk some privacy . 
 while here , he wanted to check on one last patient . 
 he crossed over to the children 's ward . 
 he showed his identification to an armed guard who protected the wing . 
 once through , he passed several wards and smaller rooms . 
 the walls were painted with balloons and cartoon animals . 
 he passed a tall boy in hospital pajamas . 
 he was walking with a smaller girl . 
 both their heads were shaved on one side . 
 they were chatting enthusiastically in russian . 
 all the children seemed to be recovering from their ordeal . 
 that is , all except one . 
 he crossed down another long corridor to a private room at the very end . 
 the door was open . 
 he heard voices inside . 
 gray knocked softly and entered . 
 the room held a single bed and a small play area with a yellow plastic table and a set of children 's chairs around it . 
 he found dr. lisa cummings standing inside , filling out a chart . 
 with her medical background , she was assisting the surgeons and doctors , while keeping painter updated on status reports and abreast of any problems . 
 sasha sat at the table , coloring in her book . 
 she wore a pink bonnet that covered her shaved head . 
 `` mr. gray ! '' 
 the girl called to him and popped out of her chair like a jackrabbit and ran over to him . 
 she hugged his leg . 
 he patted her shoulder . 
 sasha came here as often as gray , visiting her brother . 
 pyotr sat in a wheelchair by the window , staring out at the growing twilight . 
 he sat like a mannequin . 
 upright , stiff , unresponsive . 
 `` any change ? '' 
 gray asked and nodded to the chart in lisa 's hands . 
 `` some actually . 
 he 's now taking food by spoon . 
 baby food . 
 it 's like he 's infantilized . 
 the doctors are hoping that over time , he may grow into his body . '' 
 gray hoped they were right . 
 the boy had saved the world and sacrificed everything to do it . 
 `` gray , if you can put the boy to bed , we 'll let you have some time alone with him . '' 
 gray nodded . 
 `` c'mon , sasha , let 's go back to your room . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 she let go of gray 's leg and ran to pyotr . 
 `` say good night to pyotr , then we have to go , '' lisa insisted . 
 sasha kissed her brother on the cheek , then came running back to gray and lifted her arms toward him . 
 gray knelt down for a good-bye kiss , too , and offered his cheek . 
 she kissed it , then grabbed his earlobe . 
 she leaned in close and whispered , tickling his ear . 
 `` pyotr 's not in there , '' she said in conspiratorial tones . 
 `` someone else is in there . 
 but i 'll still love him . '' 
 gray felt a slight chill at her words . 
 sasha must have overheard the doctors . 
 the prognosis was ultimately grim . 
 even if pyotr could recover some manner of life , he would n't be the same boy . 
 gray rubbed her arm , reassuring her , but he offered her no false hope . 
 it was best she adjust to the reality in her own way . 
 `` sasha , '' lisa said warningly . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 she burst out again and ran to her table . 
 `` i have something for mr. gray . '' 
 she shuffled through her piles of papers . 
 gray waited , still down on one knee . 
 lisa smiled . 
 `` she really does n't want to go to bed . '' 
 the girl came flying back with a page ripped from a coloring book in her hand . 
 she thrust it at gray . 
 `` here , '' she said proudly . 
 gray stared down at a picture of a clown . 
 she had colored it perfectly , even adding some nuance with shading to make the clown seem both sad and slightly creepy . 
 she obviously still retained some artistic talent . 
 sasha leaned to his ear again . 
 `` you 're going to die . '' 
 gray was taken aback by her statement , but there was no menace in her voice , only a matter-of-fact tone , as if commenting on the weather . 
 gray imagined sasha was struggling to understand the concept of death . 
 she had seen too much of it , and her brother hung somewhere in the balance between the living and the dead . 
 gray did n't know what to say . 
 but like before , he would n't lie to her . 
 he stood but kept a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` we all die eventually , sasha . 
 it 's the natural order . '' 
 she sighed in the overly dramatic manner of all exasperated children . 
 `` no , silly . '' 
 she pointed up to the paper . 
 `` you have to be careful of that ! 
 that 's why i drew it ! '' 
 lisa pointed to the door . 
 `` that 's enough , sasha . 
 time for bed . '' 
 `` wait ! '' 
 `` no . '' 
 crestfallen , she allowed lisa to drag her away . 
 she waved back at gray , using her entire arm . 
 once they were gone , gray crossed over to pyotr . 
 he liked to sit with the boy , to let him know he was not forgotten , that his sacrifice would be remembered . 
 he also came here because of monk . 
 the boy had meant so much to his friend . 
 gray felt a certain obligation to keep pyotr company . 
 but in truth , the visits were also a balm on his heart . 
 he felt a strange calmness with the boy that was inexplicable , as if some empathic aura still surrounded the child . 
 as gray sat now , he considered all that had happened . 
 he remembered the boy dragging monk into view down the hall . 
 gray now understood what pyotr had been doing . 
 his sister had saved monk 's life by plucking him out of the sea and out of their lives , and pyotr had been returning him , like putting a borrowed wrench back into a neighbor 's toolbox . 
 all that had happened ... gray knew it had n't been luck , nor even coincidence . 
 he stared at pyotr and pictured sasha , too . 
 it had all been orchestrated . 
 and as gray stared , he also recalled nicolas solokov 's goal : to manipulate the savants in order to produce the world 's next great prophet . 
 the next buddha or muhammad or christ . 
 gray had also discussed such speculations with monk while the two had visited pyotr here . 
 afterward , his friend had nodded to the boy . 
 maybe the russians were more successful than they had imagined . 
 either way , like so many great people , pyotr had paid the ultimate sacrifice . 
 now they would never know the truth . 
 and maybe it was better that way . 
 gray sighed and pushed away such melancholy thoughts . 
 in his hands , he folded sasha 's coloring page and glanced down to it . 
 apparently , besides everything else , gray now had to worry about creepy clowns . 
 as he creased the paper , he saw that the child had drawn something freehand on the blank page on the back . 
 unfolding it , he stared down at a shape , finely drawn in black crayon . 
 it was a small chinese dragon , beautifully executed . 
 an icy jolt of recognition shot through gray . 
 his hand rose to his throat . 
 tucked under his shirt was a pendant bearing the same dragon in silver , a gift from an assassin , both a promise from her and a curse . 
 gray glanced to the doorway . 
 had sasha seen the charm sometime ? 
 he stared down at the crayon drawing , knowing in his heart she had n't . 
 it was a warning-but not about clowns . 
 as he stared , gray realized sasha had been pointing up to the page in his hands . 
 from her low vantage , she had n't been indicating the clown . 
 she had been pointing to the page 's underside . 
 to the dragon symbol . 
 in the quiet of the room , gray sensed a looming danger . 
 he whispered the name tied to that threat . 
 `` seichan . '' 
 epilogue the boy sits by the window and stares out at the twilight world beyond . 
 he is not ready to go out there yet . 
 he still has much to adjust to in this new home . 
 it fits him poorly and makes it difficult for him to think . 
 he can see his reflection in the glass : dark hair , small features , a familiar face . 
 but it does not yet feel like his own . 
 that , too , would come in time . 
 as he stares , he watches the leaves falling past the window , drifting on the wind . 
 there is no fear now , even as more leaves fall . 
 that which lies deep inside him fills in the spaces with shadow and shape . 
 formed out of memory . 
 what comes is still more familiar than his own reflection in the glass . 
 he knows it was the face he once wore . 
 he still remembers the darkness , a black sea swimming with lights . 
 he remembers the dying sun in the middle , strangled away so that others might fly and shine . 
 but in that last moment , the boy who had once worn this body had kept a secret from them all . 
 as he left that dark sea to places beyond , he pulled another light out of harm 's way and dropped it into that empty dark sea . 
 so it might live anew . 
 outside now , more leaves tumble , and shadows of memory fill in gaps , forming the true face of the one who wore this body now . 
 this old face would be forgotten eventually , but not the boy who gave up his life so something new could be born . 
 often in his dreams , he sees that boy running over fields , topping a hill , waving back-then gone . 
 so happy now . 
 the new boy who sits in the chair stares out the window . 
 sometime he will run again , too . 
