 chapter one twenty-five years ago lloyd fellows ' small fists beat into the dirty face of the older boy , bloodying the mouth that had taunted him . 
 your mum 's a whore , your dad was a scabby old man , and you 're a bastard , a bastard . 
 now the older boy was howling , his teeth on the pavement and blood running down his face . 
 everyone knew not to taunt lloyd of the hot temper , but sometimes it was hard to resist . 
 lloyd always taught them to respect his fists . 
 besides , his dad was n't a scabby old man . 
 his dad was a duke . 
 when lloyd had been very little , he 'd been sure his father would come along in a golden coach and take him away from the squalid streets of london to his palace in scotland . 
 there lloyd would have all the toys he wanted , horses , and brothers to play with . 
 his dad had other sons , his mum had told him , and she 'd told him lloyd deserved everything they had . 
 years passed , and no golden coach came down the back lanes of working-class london . 
 wiser now , lloyd knew the duke was never coming . 
 until today . 
 today , he 'd learned , because lloyd made it his business to know everything that happened in this part of town , his father 's ducal coach would be passing along high holborn to lincoln 's inn fields , where he would be visiting solicitors . 
 why the duke would visit the solicitors , lloyd had no idea , nor did he care . 
 his plan was to stop the coach by any means possible , present himself to his father , and tell the man he needed to take care of lloyd and his mum . 
 simple as that . 
 the duke had never sent money , letters , any word at all that acknowledged he 'd fathered lloyd fellows . 
 fellows was n't even his true name-his mother had taken it , pretending to be married to a mr. fellows who 'd died long ago . 
 lloyd 's mum had been a tavern maid , a duke had charmed her , gotten her with child , and then left her . 
 the duke had never spoken to or looked at them again . 
 today , lloyd would change that . 
 he 'd put on the clothes he wore to church whenever his mum bothered to take him and headed up to high holborn . 
 except the little oik , tommy wortley , decided to waylay lloyd and begin his taunts . 
 lloyd could have thrown them off , but tommy had brought friends , and rocks . 
 when the stones had started flying , lloyd had grabbed tommy and slammed him into the wall , and the fight had commenced . 
 now lloyd was bloody and filthy , his best shirt torn . 
 his mum would tan his hide . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 time was running out . 
 lloyd delivered one final blow , leaving tommy writhing in the mud , and he took off , running in his usual swift stride toward high holborn . 
 he barely made it . 
 he darted through the crowd , brick in hand , avoiding the grabs of the irritated men he pushed aside . 
 there was the coach , tall and polished , pulled by matched gray horses . 
 as it came closer , lloyd watched the burly coachman in his red coat and tall hat , knowing that the coachman could scatter all his plans if he was n't careful . 
 the coach came into full view . 
 black , with its wheels and points picked out in gold , it bore the crest of the duke of kilmorgan on the door-a stag surrounded by curlicues and words fellows did n't understand . 
 lloyd 's father , daniel malcolm mackenzie , was the thirteenth duke in the scottish line and the first in the english line . 
 lloyd had spent his childhood teaching himself all about dukes and how they became dukes . 
 this duke had been given a high honor by queen victoria to be recognized in england too . 
 lloyd waited for the strategic moment , then he let fly the brick , right at the coachman . 
 his aim was not to hurt or disable the man , but to make him stop the coach . 
 the brick hit the coachman in the hand . 
 the coachman dropped the reins in surprise , and the coach veered . 
 a cart coming the other way skittered to a stop in the thick traffic , and the cart 's driver swore loudly and vehemently . 
 the coachman quickly caught the reins and tugged the horses right again , but a bottleneck had already happened . 
 the coachman stood up on his box and told the cartman what he thought , finishing with get out of the way , you piece of dung , this is a duke 's coach . 
 lloyd slipped through the morass to the stopped carriage . 
 the coach was a tall box rising above him , shining and clean , except for what mud had splashed on it this morning . 
 one of the windows went down , and a man put his head out . 
 he had a mass of dark red hair and thick red sideburns , a dark red beard just starting to gray , and a full moustache . 
 from behind all this hair , which was carefully groomed , blazed eyes yellow like an eagle 's . 
 `` get this pox-rotted coach moving ! '' 
 the man shouted . 
 `` you ! 
 boy ! '' 
 lloyd blinked . 
 the duke , his father , had fixed his gaze on him and was speaking to him . 
 lloyd opened his mouth , but no sound came out . 
 `` yes , you there . 
 gaping like a fish . 
 go see what 's wrong . '' 
 lloyd worked his jaw , trying to remember how to speak . 
 `` sir , '' he managed . 
 `` i - '' `` go to it , boy , before i come out and beat you . '' 
 i 'm your son . 
 the words would n't come . 
 lloyd stood , frozen , while the man who 'd sired him , the lofty duke of kilmorgan , glared down at him . 
 `` are you an imbecile ? '' 
 the duke ripped open the door , showing he was n't concerned about preserving his finery or position by climbing down from the coach into the street . 
 he grabbed lloyd by the ear and shook him hard . 
 `` i tell you to do something , boy , you obey me . 
 get out there and tell that cart to move . '' 
 the man did n't even offer a coin , as other aristos did when they commanded boys on the street to do things for them . 
 the duke 's fingers pinched hard , and lloyd felt a blow across his chin . 
 `` go . '' 
 the duke shoved him away . 
 lloyd stumbled back . 
 the years of dreaming , hoping , pretending this man would come for him and take him to a golden castle shattered at his feet . 
 how could he have been so stupid ? 
 lloyd was old enough now to understand that many men saw women as merely bodies on which they took their pleasure , nothing more . 
 so had the duke done with lloyd 's mother . 
 lloyd 's existence was nothing but an accident of nature . 
 disappointment , heartbreak , and fury welled up in him and , as usual , came out through his fists . 
 lloyd launched himself at the duke , screaming in berserker rage . 
 `` bastard ! 
 bloody , dung-eating , stupid , bloody bastard ! '' 
 lloyd pummeled the duke , blows landing on the man 's chest , stomach , arms , and one lucky one across his face . 
 the duke 's nose spouted blood as easily as tommy 's had . 
 the duke seized lloyd by both shoulders , his strength astonishing . 
 then he had lloyd on the ground and started beating him with large fists , kicking him with heavy boots made from the finest leather . 
 lloyd tucked himself into a ball , protecting himself with his arms , his rage keeping him from crying . 
 after a long time and much pain , he was pulled to his feet by a dark-uniformed , tall-helmeted constable . 
 `` this gob of filth attacked me , '' the duke snarled at the policeman . 
 blood ran down the duke 's face , which he swiped at ineffectually with his handkerchief . 
 `` take him off the streets . '' 
 lloyd did n't struggle . 
 he 'd been nabbed by constables before . 
 the best way to get away from them was to pretend compliance and then twist free later and lose himself in a crowd . 
 the constables were usually too exasperated to bother giving chase to one little boy . 
 `` yes , sir , '' the constable said . 
 `` your grace , '' the duke growled at him . 
 `` learn some manners . '' 
 a footman had come off the back of the coach and now silently waited at the open door to help the duke back inside . 
 that was when lloyd saw the other boy . 
 a lad of about lloyd 's own age , his dark red hair and golden eyes marking him as the duke 's son , was climbing down from the coach . 
 the boy wore a kilt of blue and green plaid , a black coat , an ivory silk waistcoat , ivory-colored wool socks , and shoes that were as finely made as his father 's boots . 
 no one was looking at the boy except lloyd . 
 all eyes were on the duke , the footman lending a beefy arm so the duke could climb back inside . 
 the other boy , as arrogant as his father , walked up to lloyd , but lloyd swore he saw a gleam of satisfaction in the boy 's eyes . 
 the boy brushed past lloyd , pretending not to see him , but lloyd felt the coldness of a coin against his palm . 
 the duke 's son said nothing at all as he headed for the coach . 
 the duke bellowed down at him . 
 `` hart , get your arse back inside . 
 hurry it up . '' 
 the footman held out a hand to the boy called hart , but hart ignored it and leapt with agility back into the coach . 
 the traffic cleared , and the coach pulled away . 
 hart mackenzie looked out the window as the coach passed , his gaze meeting lloyd 's . 
 the two boys stared at each other , one on either side of luxury , until another coach passed between them , and traffic swallowed the duke 's carriage . 
 `` come on , lad , '' the constable said , his hand still firmly on lloyd 's shoulder . 
 lloyd closed his hand around the coin until the ridges of it creased his palm . 
 he walked away with the constable , so numb that he went all the way inside the police station before he remembered he should try to get away . 
 chapter two april , 1885 `` louisa , dear , just see that the bishop is n't left alone , will you ? '' 
 louisa looked down the sloping meadow from mrs. leigh-waters ' richmond house to watch the hon. frederick lane , bishop of hargate , enter one of the tea tents . 
 hargate was in his forties , young for a bishop , marginally handsome , and lately had made no secret he was hanging out for a wife . 
 lady louisa scranton , unmarried , her father dying in scandalous circumstances which had left the family nearly penniless , must be , in mrs. leigh-waters ' eyes , in want of a husband . 
 hargate fit the criteria for an aristocrat 's daughter-wealthy , second son of an earl , successful in his own right . 
 hargate had reached his status young , but he had connections , many of whom were here at this garden party , attended by mrs. leigh-waters ' handpicked guests . 
 a bishop 's wife would have money , respect , and standing . 
 louisa was highly aware she needed to marry well-in fact , she 'd entered the season this year with every intention of doing so . 
 so why , when it came to the sticking point , did she feel a great reluctance to be alone with hargate ? 
 `` of course , mrs. leigh-waters , '' louisa made herself say . 
 `` i 'll look after him . '' 
 `` thank you , my dear . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters beamed at her . 
 i 'll have louisa married off in no time , the lady was no doubt thinking . 
 quite a feather in my cap when i do . 
 louisa gave her a kind smile and hurried after the bishop . 
 mrs. leigh-waters ' house commanded a view down a hill to the river . 
 the april day was a fine one , the weather not too hot , clouds in the sky but not threatening rain . 
 the land stretched away on the other side of the river to be swallowed in haze . 
 the expanse of lawn had been commandeered for the garden party , with seats and little tables scattered about , pathways lined with ribbon , a croquet set being brought out by the footmen . 
 ladies in blues , greens , yellows , golds , lavenders , and russets moved about , the spring breeze stirring feathers , ribbons , braid , and false fruits stuck into the ladies ' hats . 
 gentlemen in casual suits of monochrome gray or tweed filtered through the ladies . 
 tea had been served in the tea tents at the bottom of the hill , and many guests still carried cups and little plates of treats . 
 an idyllic english afternoon . 
 the guests chatted to each other as they waited to begin the croquet match , which would be cutthroat and rather expensive . 
 members of high society gambled fiercely at everything . 
 louisa ducked away from them into the white canvas tea tent , which was empty except for the bishop of hargate and white-draped tables holding tea things . 
 the elegant china cups and saucers were patterned with sprays of roses , as were the three-tiered trays with the remains of petit fours and profiteroles . 
 as most of the party had already refreshed themselves , only a few clean plates and cups remained . 
 `` ah , lady louisa , '' hargate said , sounding pleased . 
 `` have you come to join me ? '' 
 `` mrs. leigh-waters did not want you left on your own . '' 
 `` she 's a kind lady , is our hostess . '' 
 hargate looked at louisa with every eagerness , which louisa found odd in a man her father had done his best to ruin . 
 louisa 's father , earl scranton , had convinced other men to give him money for investments , which were either never made or failed utterly . 
 earl scranton had been paying the first investors with what the others had given him , pretending the money came from his cleverness at buying the right stocks . 
 finally when his true investments failed , he had to confess he could pay none of the money back . 
 in the space of a day , earl scranton had moved from respectable and wealthy to complete ruin . 
 a good many other gentlemen 's fortunes had gone with his . 
 hargate had n't lost everything , but he 'd lost much , though he 'd managed to build it back in a relatively short time . 
 louisa moved calmly to a table , trying to behave as though none of it had happened . 
 a lady was n't supposed to know about or understand such things , in any case . 
 `` tea , your grace ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 thank you . '' 
 louisa had been taught to be an expert at pouring tea . 
 she trickled the soothing liquid into two china cups , dropped a lump of sugar and dollop of cream into the bishop 's tea , and handed him the cup . 
 she left her own cup sitting on the table and lifted two dainty , cream-filled profiteroles , which had n't wilted too much in the april warmth , onto one of the petite china plates . 
 louisa had a weakness for french pastries , even those that looked a bit limp . 
 `` i 've been meaning to speak to you , lady louisa , '' hargate said , an odd note in his voice . 
 `` what a fine chance that we are here alone . '' 
 chance , my foot . 
 hargate and mrs. leigh-waters had contrived this meeting between them , they must have . 
 hargate reached out his free hand and seized louisa 's . 
 he closed his fingers so tightly she 'd never be able to release herself from him without jerking away . 
 hargate looked into her eyes , his full of something like glee . 
 `` you will do me much honor to let me speak to you , louisa . '' 
 oh dear , he was about to propose . 
 louisa could refuse him , of course , but she knew she risked great disapproval if she did-haughty creature , turning down such a fine match ; did she truly think she 'd have the opportunity at another ? 
 a girl from a scandalous family can not afford to be so high and mighty . 
 on the other hand , if louisa accepted hargate , she 'd have to marry the man . 
 he was everything a young lady should want in a husband , as mrs. leigh-waters no doubt thought , but louisa had never much liked him . 
 hargate was pompous , talked at length-usually about himself-and was quite hopelessly , well ... dull . 
 `` your father and i had business dealings , '' hargate was saying . 
 `` and you of course know what happened with those . '' 
 yes , louisa was reminded of it every day . 
 when everything had fallen apart , lord scranton had died of the shame . 
 louisa and her mother , on the other hand , had to continue to live with the shame . 
 `` water under the bridge , '' hargate said . 
 `` i assure you . 
 i 'd never hold it against you , louisa . 
 that is , i wo n't , if you consent to be my wife . '' 
 and if louisa refused him , he would hold it against her ? 
 louisa stared at him , not certain she comprehended . 
 was he trying to blackmail her into marriage ? 
 from hargate 's smile and expression , louisa thought he might be . 
 i ca n't marry him . 
 as louisa gazed at hargate , trying desperately to think of a way out of this troubling conversation , another face swam into her mind . 
 this one was hard rather than handsome , a man with unruly dark hair and hazel eyes that held a glint of gold . 
 a working-class man , an illegitimate son , his mother a tavern maid , everything an earl 's daughter was supposed to shun . 
 and yet , louisa remembered the power of his kiss , the strength of his hands . 
 his rough whiskers had burned her lips , and she 'd tasted his mouth . 
 that kiss had occurred at christmas , and it had been louisa 's idea , her impulse . 
 likewise had been the kiss at the wedding before that at castle kilmorgan . 
 louisa 's impulse had turned into a sort of madness , and now she could not forget lloyd fellows , no matter how hard she tried . 
 but she 'd felt more alive pressed against the hard doorframe while he 'd kissed her , the sounds of the christmas party in the distance , than louisa had any other day of her life , especially this one , in this tea tent at a perfect english garden party . 
 she wet her lips . 
 `` your grace , i - '' `` you know it is for the best , '' hargate said . 
 `` no one else will marry the daughter of the gentleman who ruined him . 
 save your respect and accept my offer . '' 
 hargate 's eyes took on a hard light , giving louisa a glimpse of a meanness she 'd not seen in him before . 
 `` your grace , you are kind , but - '' `` you have no dowry ; your cousin , the new earl , is a frugal man who keeps you and your mother on a small allowance-all this is common knowledge . 
 your mackenzie in-laws have sordid reputations few decent families wish to be connected with . 
 your name has been discussed at my club , and only my admonition has stopped gentlemen saying disparaging things about you . 
 you have few champions , louisa , and i am one of them . 
 when you are my wife , i will stop all gossip about you . '' 
 gossip ? 
 louisa blinked in shock . 
 about what ? 
 a little panic fluttered in her heart-the kisses with mr. fellows rose in her memory again , not that they were ever far away . 
 had someone seen ? 
 no , she 'd been careful about that . 
 louisa had approached him only when she was certain they 'd be alone , although once the kisses began , she could n't swear to anything else happening around them , not even an earthquake . 
 someone might have seen her , and in louisa 's circle , with its rigid rules for unmarried misses , those kisses would ruin her . 
 or perhaps hargate simply meant the speculations about louisa in light of her older sister 's scandalous elopement . 
 not only had lady isabella run off with a mackenzie , she 'd then left him , walking out of his house and obtaining a legal separation . 
 but instead of retreating to quiet solitude , isabella had gone on hostessing soirees and balls as though she saw nothing amiss . 
 most of society expected louisa to follow in isabella 's footsteps . 
 never mind that isabella and mac had been reconciled and now were blissfully happy-their outrageous behavior was what everyone remembered . 
 the bishop was offering to save louisa from any sort of shame . 
 all she had to do was marry him . 
 `` and i will drop any pursuit of the money your father owed me , '' hargate said . 
 `` you can tell your cousin the estate would be released from that debt . '' 
 `` your grace ... '' hargate let go of louisa 's hand to touch his fingers to her lips . 
 `` say nothing until your answer is yes , dear louisa . 
 i 'll wait . '' 
 he took one step away and raised his teacup to his lips , as though he would stand there and sip tea until she capitulated . 
 louisa , anger rising , stared down at her profiterole , looking for inspiration in the rather runny cream . 
 bloody cheek he had , cornering her and demanding she give in to him . 
 why on earth did hargate want to marry her ? 
 he could have his pick of unmarried ladies , many of whom were at this very garden party , who would gladly marry him for his standing , wealth , and when a seat came empty , his place in the house of lords . 
 plenty of young ladies with respectable families and good dowries would have already started planning the wedding as soon as they walked into the tea tent . 
 what was hargate up to ? 
 louisa drew a breath , hardening her resolve . 
 `` your grace , i ... '' the bishop looked up at her over his teacup , and as he did , louisa noted that his face had lost most of its color . 
 his cheeks had taken on a greenish tinge , and hargate 's breath hitched . 
 `` are you all right , your grace ? 
 perhaps we should adjourn to the open air . '' 
 if hargate had eaten something that disagreed with him , that would put paid to this awkward proposal . 
 louisa caught the bishop 's arm , ready to lead him out and give him over to the ministrations of their hostess . 
 `` loui - '' hargate had to stop to draw a breath . 
 he coughed , staggered , and coughed again . 
 louisa began to be truly alarmed . 
 `` come outside with me , your grace . 
 we 'll take you to the house , where you can rest out of the heat . '' 
 hargate tried to take another breath . 
 his eyes widened as air eluded him , and he dropped his teacup , splashing tea across the grass . 
 he sagged against louisa , his eyes and mouth wide , his chest heaving , but no air moving inside . 
 `` a few more steps is all , '' louisa said , trying to support him . 
 `` you 'll be all right once we get outside . '' 
 hargate took one more step before his legs buckled and he fell heavily against louisa 's side . 
 down went louisa 's plate , which she realized she was still clutching , the plate breaking , creamy profiteroles smearing on the dead grass . 
 `` your grace . '' 
 louisa could n't hold him . 
 hargate landed on his back , louisa on her knees next to him , her blue and brown striped skirt spreading over the tea-dampened grass . 
 hargate 's face had gone completely gray , and hoarse little gasps came from his mouth . 
 a doctor . 
 she needed to fetch a doctor . 
 one was here at mrs. leigh-waters ' garden party , a very famous one called sir richard cavanaugh . 
 louisa scrambled to her feet . 
 `` i 'll find sir richard . 
 do n't worry . 
 help is coming . '' 
 as she ran out , the heel of her high-heeled lace-up boot caught the teacup hargate had dropped , smashing it to bits . 
 louisa dashed into the open air , scanning the guests in desperate search of sir richard . 
 there he was , speaking with louisa 's sister , isabella , and another old friend of louisa 's , gilbert franklin . 
 both isabella and gil turned with welcoming smiles as louisa panted up , but isabella 's smile faded in concern . 
 `` darling , what is it ? '' 
 `` hargate ... in the tea tent . 
 taken ill . 
 he 's collapsed . 
 please , sir richard . 
 he needs you . '' 
 sir richard , a short and lean man with dark hair going to gray and an arrogant manner , seemed uneager to set aside his tea and rush across the lawn at louisa 's request . 
 `` what seems to be the matter with him ? '' 
 he asked . 
 louisa resisted the urge to grab the man and shove him down the hill . 
 `` please , you must hurry . 
 i think he is having a fit . 
 he ca n't breathe . '' 
 `` good lord , '' gil said , managing to sound pleasant even with his worry . 
 `` we 'd better see to him , cavanaugh . '' 
 sir richard frowned , then finally he sighed , passed his teacup to a footman , and gestured for louisa to lead him to the tent . 
 he walked too slowly . 
 louisa had to wait for sir richard , she holding the tent flap open impatiently while he sauntered in . 
 isabella , gil , and mrs. leigh-waters followed , along with a smattering of curious guests . 
 sir richard at last showed concern when he saw hargate , who had n't moved . 
 sir richard went down on one knee next to the bishop and looked him over , felt his pulse points and his heart , then leaned down and sniffed at hargate 's mouth . 
 the doctor gently closed the bishop 's wide , staring eyes before he got to his feet . 
 his arrogant look had grown more arrogant , but it was more focused now , more professional . 
 `` he is dead , '' sir richard announced . 
 `` nothing i can do for him . 
 send for the police , mrs. leigh-waters . 
 the bishop appears to have been poisoned . '' 
 he looked at louisa when he said it , his accusing gaze like a stab to the heart . 
 chapter three london was lloyd fellows ' home . 
 he knew every street from whitehall to the east end , from the strand to marylebone and all points in between . 
 he 'd known them as a boy living in st. giles with only his mother to raise him . 
 he 'd learned more as a constable walking a beat , and even more as a detective sent to every corner of london and beyond . 
 fellows knew every street like he knew his own name-who lived where , what businesses , legitimate or illegal , were where , and what people walked the streets and when . 
 he knew every corner , every passage , every hidden staircase . 
 metropolitan london might be divided into districts by the government , and into cultural areas by the people who lived there , but to fellows , london was one , and it belonged to him . 
 this fine april afternoon , he entered a dark passage off crawford street , aware of what awaited him at the end . 
 his constables were n't with him , because the culprit they were pursuing had changed course , and they 'd split up to surround him . 
 fellows was after a murderer , a man called thaddeus waller , who 'd been nicknamed the marylebone killer . 
 waller had brutally murdered his brother and brother 's wife , then covered up the crime and pretended grief , even to taking in his brother 's children to raise . 
 fellows , recently promoted to detective chief inspector , had investigated the deaths with a ruthlessness that had alarmed his superiors . 
 but he 'd uncovered fact after fact that pointed to waller as the killer . 
 finally fellows had obtained a warrant for waller 's arrest and had gone with his constables to marylebone to bring him in . 
 waller had seen them coming and used his own wife and his brother 's children as hostages . 
 fellows ' fury had wound higher as waller had held a little boy out the upstairs window , threatening to drop him to the cobbles if the police did n't go away . 
 the lad had cried weakly in terror as he 'd hung helplessly , high above the street . 
 fellows had left his constables to catch the boy if he was dropped , stormed upstairs and kicked his way into the flat , his rage making him not care what weapon waller decided to draw on him . 
 waller 's terrified and weeping wife at least managed to drag the boy back in through the window . 
 when fellows burst in , waller had jumped through the window himself to the street one floor below . 
 the constables tried to grab him , but waller had fought like mad , they 'd lost hold of him , and he 'd fled . 
 fellows had swung himself out the window right after him . 
 he 'd chased waller through crowded streets to the passage where the man now hid . 
 fellows knew this passage . 
 it was narrow and dark , twisted sharply to the right at its end , and emerged via a shallow flight of stairs to another street . 
 he sent his constables around to the stairs to bottle in waller , while he dashed into the passage alone . 
 waller was going to fight , and fellows knew his constables stood no chance against him . 
 although they were good and robust lads , they did n't understand dirty fighting or what a man like waller could do . 
 fellows had grown up with dirty fighting . 
 he knew about the destructive power of bits of brick in his hand , the various ways small knives could be used , and how to pit an opponent 's own weight and reach against him . 
 waller would know the constables waited for him above . 
 he 'd make a stand . 
 he 'd killed his own brother , for god 's sake , had killed more men in the past , and was n't above using a child as a shield . 
 fellows was one man , alone . 
 but he knew that if he waited for help , waller stood a chance of getting away . 
 fellows was n't going to let him . 
 the passage was dark , shielded from the april sunlight by high , close-set buildings . 
 fellows could n't see much , but he could hear . 
 waller tried to mask his breathing , but the heavy intake of it was too thick to hide . 
 the scuttle of rat 's claws on the cobbles also came to fellows , as well as the clatter of carts on the streets outside , the wind pouring between buildings . 
 fellows pinpointed each sound , identifying and cataloging it as he moved to the source of the breathing . 
 the attack came swiftly . 
 fellows sensed the first swing of a massive fist and ducked . 
 he rose , bringing up his elbow to slam the man in the diaphragm . 
 fellows was rewarded with a blow to the head , one that darkened his world a moment . 
 he dragged in a breath , trying to find his equilibrium , before another punch to his skull sent him to his knees . 
 waller did n't waste breath laughing or gloating . 
 he slammed his arm around fellows ' neck and started to choke him . 
 fellows shoved himself to his feet and threw his weight forward . 
 waller grunted and his hold loosened . 
 fellows dug his hands into the man 's shoulders and continued the momentum of the throw , ending up slamming waller against the wall of the narrow passage . 
 waller grunted and stumbled but swiftly regained his feet . 
 he came at fellows , roaring , no longer trying to be surreptitious . 
 the constables poured down the stairs from the other end , against orders , their clubs ready . 
 fellows and waller fought , close and desperate , in the confined space . 
 boulder-like fists slammed at fellows ' face . 
 fellows ducked under the man 's reach , came up abruptly , and smashed his fist into waller 's jaw . 
 the jaw broke , and waller fell , screaming . 
 he grabbed fellows on the way down , and fellows felt the prick of a knife under his arm . 
 he jerked away and punched waller full in the face . 
 and kept on punching . 
 fellows ' rage was high , with a white-hot fury that blotted out all reason . 
 he could n't see or hear-he only knew that this man had caused terror and death , and had n't held back from hurting harmless children . 
 `` sir , '' one of the constables said . 
 `` he 's down . '' 
 fellows kept on punching . 
 waller was mewling , broken hands curled around himself . 
 blood poured from his nose and mouth to stain the already-grimy cobbles . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 one of the younger constables dared seize fellows ' arm . 
 the touch dragged fellows back from the dark place he 'd gone , and his awareness slowly returned . 
 waller lay still , hoarse sounds coming from his mouth . 
 the young constable was eyeing fellows nervously , hand still on his arm . 
 the boy barely had whiskers to shave , and yet they 'd sent him out to chase a madman . 
 the constable at the moment looked as though he was n't certain who was more dangerous-the killer or fellows . 
 fellows felt a surge of feral delight . 
 he drew back his square-toed boot and kicked waller squarely in the ribs . 
 `` that 's for the little lad , '' he said . 
 he straightened up , wiping his mouth . 
 `` arrest this filth and get him away from me , '' he told the constables . 
 `` we 're finished here . '' 
 fellows turned away from a killer who 'd slain at least five people and regularly beat his wife and children , found his hat , put it on , and walked back onto his streets . 
 *** before fellows returned to the yard , he went back to waller 's flat to tell his wife waller had been caught and arrested . 
 he 'd waited to see the man securely locked into the police van and trundled away to face a magistrate before he 'd gone . 
 mrs. waller , fellows knew , had nothing to do with the murders ; she was a victim as much as any of the people her husband had killed . 
 she 'd been the one who 'd saved the children , not waller . 
 fellows went to tell her she was now safe from her husband . 
 the residents of the area did not like policemen . 
 they had n't much liked waller , the marylebone killer , but even so , they 'd been closemouthed when fellows had questioned them . 
 now the men and women on these streets stopped what they were doing to watch fellows pass . 
 fellows knew his face was bruised and bloody , but his walk and his grim look would tell the others who 'd won the fight . 
 mrs. waller was upset , confused , grieved , and relieved at the same time . 
 she promised she 'd look after the children and keep them well , and fellows believed her . 
 the rooms she lived in were n't a hovel , but they were n't a palace either . 
 fellows handed her a few coins before he left . 
 he also stopped and had a word with her landlord , saying he 'd be back if the landlord turfed out mrs. waller because her husband had been a murdering bastard . 
 she needed help , not blame . 
 fellows left , hearing muttered words behind him . 
 but he had n't come here to make friends . 
 he 'd come to stop a killer and save a family , and that he 'd done . 
 now he needed a bath , a thick pint of beer , and a good night 's sleep . 
 but it was n't meant to be . 
 first he 'd have to report to his superiors then spend the rest of the day and into the night writing up a concise documentation of the investigation and arrest . 
 the reward for his valor would be paperwork . 
 fellows walked into his office to cheers . 
 word had already gotten around how he 'd landed the marylebone killer , embellished , no doubt , by the constables who 'd been on the scene . 
 `` well done , sir ! '' 
 detective sergeant pierce sang out as fellows entered his inner office . 
 `` fought your way through three men , single-handed , did you , sir ? 
 and then dragged out our killer by the hair , him begging for mercy ? '' 
 `` exactly , '' fellows said , and pierce laughed . 
 fellows collapsed to the chair behind his desk , drew out a clean handkerchief , and dabbed at the wounds on his face . 
 `` do n't get too comfortable , sir , '' sergeant pierce said , annoyingly cheerful . 
 `` one 's come over the wire from richmond . 
 asking for you specifically , chief . '' 
 bloody hell , what now ? 
 `` i 'm on leave , sergeant . 
 starting immediately . 
 that is , after i spend all night writing a boring report . '' 
 `` sorry , sir . '' 
 pierce did n't look one bit sorry , the sod . 
 `` detective chief super wants you to take this . 
 police in richmond telegraphed . 
 a bishop dropped dead at a fancy garden party in the middle of a load of toffs . 
 they think it 's foul play , and they want a detective from the yard . 
 they want it handled with kid gloves , and they specifically want you . '' 
 fellows scrubbed his hand through his hair , finding it stiff with blood . 
 `` if they want kid gloves , why do they want me ? '' 
 `` i suspect 'cause you 're related to a toff-a duke , no less . '' 
 since the day it had come out that fellows was in fact the illegitimate son of the duke of kilmorgan , he 'd gotten hell from his colleagues . 
 they either looked at him with contempt or went so far as to bow to him mockingly in the halls . 
 laughter was always present . 
 fellows decided he could either play superior officer and quell them , or he could look the other way . 
 he 'd gained back his respect by making a rude gesture when he bothered to notice the jibes , then completely ignoring them . 
 fellows also worked hard to show he was damn good at his job , better than most , and did not let his accidental aristocratic blood hamper him . 
 sergeant pierce went on , `` i suspect that if we do have to arrest one of the nobs , the richmond boys would rather it be one of us who does it . 
 they have to go on living there while we can scuttle back to town . '' 
 `` they want us to do the dirty work , in other words . '' 
 pierce grinned . 
 `` on the nose , sir . '' 
 a jaunt to richmond to clear up a problem among the upper classes was not what fellows wanted at the moment . 
 he 'd meant to finish his report , go home , bathe , sleep , pack , drop in at his mother 's to say hello and good-bye , and then board a train . 
 he had a week 's leave coming . 
 his half brother , cameron mackenzie , had suggested fellows stop in at the races at newmarket next week . 
 fellows , though still uncomfortable with his newfound family , did n't mind the horse races . 
 any man might enjoy himself at a racecourse . 
 he 'd planned to go to the seaside and stare at the water a while , then make his leisurely way to newmarket for the racing meet next monday . 
 but he was a policeman first , and if he had to postpone his trip , then he did . 
 policemen did n't get days off . 
 fellows rubbed his hair again . 
 his face was already dark with new beard , and then there was the blood all over him . 
 he did n't feel in any way fit to face a house party of people convinced a man who 'd died of overeating and apoplexy had been murdered . 
 but there was nothing for it . 
 `` we go , '' fellows said in a hard voice . 
 `` it 's our job . '' 
 sergeant pierce lost his grin . 
 `` we ? '' 
 `` i 'll need my dutiful sergeant for this one . 
 let me go wash my face , and we 'll be off . 
 fetch your hat . '' 
 fellows took some grim satisfaction from sergeant pierce 's crestfallen look as he headed off to the washroom to make himself presentable . 
 *** `` he 's dead , all right , '' sergeant pierce said an hour or so later . 
 he and fellows knelt next to the body while a doctor called sir richard cavanaugh stood nearby and gave them his medical opinion in the most condescending way possible . 
 `` histotoxic hypoxia , '' sir richard said . 
 `` see his blue coloring ? 
 prussic acid , most likely . 
 in the tea , i would think , a fatal dose . 
 would have been quick . 
 only a few moments from ingestion to death . '' 
 fellows disliked arrogant doctors who presumed ahead of the facts , but in this case , the man was probably right . 
 fellows had seen death by prussic-acid poisoning before . 
 still , he preferred to hear conclusions from the coroner after a thorough postmortem , not to mention a testing of food and drink the victim had taken , than speculations by a doctor to the elite . 
 fellows ordered pierce to gather up what was left of the broken teacup with the liquid inside , and also the full teacup that stood next to the pot on the table . 
 he had pierce pour off the tea still in the pot into a vial for more testing . 
 fellows scraped up cream from a pastry that had been smashed on the ground , and the remains of the plate that had held it , handing all to pierce . 
 he left pierce sealing up the vials with wax and had a look around the tea tent . 
 unfortunately too many people had trampled in here ; the place was a mess . 
 the grass was filled with footprints-ladies ' high heels , gentlemen 's boots , servants ' sturdy shoes-all overlapping one another . 
 the local police sergeant stood well outside the tent as though washing his hands of the affair . 
 fellows approached him anyway . 
 the fact that the local police had sent no one higher than a sergeant meant the chief constable wanted to keep well out of the way . 
 he wondered why . 
 `` your thoughts , sergeant ? '' 
 fellows asked the local man . 
 the sergeant shrugged , but the man had a keen eye and did n't look in the least bit stupid . 
 `` the doc says poison in the tea , and i do n't disagree . 
 the young lady they think did it is in the house-my constable 's on the lookout up there . 
 she 's an aristo 's daughter , though , so the lady of the house did n't want the likes of us questioning her . 
 says we had to wait for you . '' 
 the sergeant gave fellows a dark nod . 
 `` better you than me , if you do n't mind me saying so , guv . '' 
 he meant better fellows lost his job for arresting a rich man 's spoiled daughter , which was exactly what could happen . 
 fellows ' mackenzie connections might be able to save him from a lawsuit by the girl 's father , but his career could be over . 
 not that fellows wanted to go begging , hat in hand , to his half brothers for their charity . 
 an invitation to the races was one thing . 
 owing a monumental obligation to hart mackenzie was another . 
 `` go help sergeant pierce , '' fellows growled at the man . 
 `` i 'll need statements from everyone . 
 who was where and what they saw-in minute detail . 
 understand ? '' 
 the sergeant did not look happy , but he saluted and said , `` yes , sir . '' 
 fellows left him behind and made for the house and the aristocrat 's daughter . 
 he reflected as he approached the large house that running down a killer six feet three and weighing eighteen stone was much more satisfying than having to face a silly girl who probably did n't understand what exactly she 'd done . 
 she likely felt herself perfectly justified in poisoning a man who 'd annoyed her . 
 she 'd be highly strung and more than a little mad , or else too stupid to realize the consequences of her actions . 
 fellows looked up at the giant brick house trimmed in white , strategically positioned for a view to the river at the bottom of a meadow . 
 the very rich lived here , the sort who existed in their own world , with their own rules ; no outsiders need enter . 
 he climbed the marble steps at the rear of the house and stepped into the dim coolness of its interior . 
 mrs. leigh-waters , the lady of the house , hurried toward him from the front hall . 
 she was a large-bosomed woman with hair pressed into tight , unnatural curls , and was garbed in a gray bustle gown that made her look a bit like a pigeon . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 've come , chief inspector , '' she gushed . 
 `` they 've always spoken highly of you , which is why i told the chief constable to telegraph you . 
 the local constables can be a bit ... hasty ... and she needs a bit of sympathy , does n't she ? '' 
 `` of course , '' fellows said , forcing his tone to be polite . 
 `` i will keep the interview brief . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters sounded relieved . 
 `` i 'm certain she will thank you too . '' 
 she led fellows through the cool , high-ceilinged hall whose draped window at the end cut out most of the light . 
 mrs. leigh-waters tapped on a door halfway along and opened it to a sitting room with back windows overlooking the garden and the view . 
 two women rose from the sofa to face him . 
 fellows halted three steps inside the room , unable to move . 
 the features of the two red-haired women were heartbreakingly similar , the younger a little taller than the older . 
 the older wore a gown of bottle green with black buttons up its bodice . 
 the younger woman 's gown had a blue and brown striped underskirt , the blue overskirt folded back to reveal a lining of blue and brown checks . 
 her bodice was buttoned to her chin with brown cloth-covered buttons . 
 fellows noted every detail even as his gaze fixed to her face . 
 the older sister , lady isabella , was married to lord mac mackenzie , one of fellows ' half brothers . 
 the younger sister , lady louisa scranton , had petal-soft skin , lips that could kiss with heat , and a smile that had been haunting fellows ' dreams since the day he 'd met her . 
 louisa stared back at him , as frozen as he , her lips slightly parted . 
 isabella unlinked herself from louisa and came forward . 
 `` thank heavens you 're here , '' isabella said to fellows , both relief and worry in her voice . 
 `` they 're claiming louisa did this , can you imagine ? 
 you 'll clear this up and tell them she did n't , wo n't you ? '' 
 chapter four isabella spoke , but fellows could see only louisa . 
 louisa looked back at him , fixed in place , her face as white as the plaster ornamentation on the cornice above her . 
 the other two ladies in the room faded , as did the sound of voices outside the windows , the sunshine , the fine afternoon . 
 fellows could be alone in a whirling fog , where nothing existed but himself and louisa . 
 at christmas this year , fellows had found himself alone in a hallway with her in hart 's obscenely large house . 
 louisa had tried to talk to fellows , bantering with him as she did the other young men at the celebration . 
 fellows had only heard her voice , sweet and clear , then he 'd had her up against the doorframe , his mouth on hers , her body pliant beneath him . 
 fellows could still taste the kiss , hot and beautiful , and remember his need for her rising high . 
 she was the aristo 's daughter the doctor and local sergeant were convinced had poisoned the bishop . 
 lady louisa scranton , earl 's daughter , the woman fellows dreamed about on nights he could n't banish thoughts of her any longer . 
 he 'd have to pull himself from the investigation . 
 he 'd never be able to get through it , because anything fellows found against louisa he 'd toss aside or try to pin to someone else . 
 he knew he 'd do anything to keep from seeing this woman led away in manacles , put into a cell , charged and tried , convicted and hanged until dead . 
 the proper thing would be to excuse himself , summon pierce to take her statement , and tell the yard they needed to assign another detective to the case . 
 another detective who might find evidence that louisa had committed murder . 
 fellows ' heart beat sickeningly fast . 
 if he backed away , louisa might be convicted for the crime by people too impatient to prove she could be nothing but innocent . 
 that she was innocent , he had no doubt . 
 now was the time to speak . 
 to say good day to mrs. leigh-waters and explain that sergeant pierce would take over the questioning of isabella and louisa . 
 fellows opened his stiff lips . 
 `` it should n't be too much to clear up , ma'am . 
 i 'll need to speak to lady louisa alone . '' 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters fluttered . 
 `` perhaps she should wait for her family 's solicitor ... '' no solicitors . 
 no witnesses . 
 fellows needed to hear what louisa had to say without any other person present . 
 `` a preliminary questioning is all , mrs. leigh-waters , '' he said firmly . 
 `` then her sister at least should stay with her . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters was perfectly right to try to protect louisa from an unscrupulous policeman , not to mention being alone in a room with a man at all . 
 but fellows could n't question louisa in front of anyone , not even isabella , not even sergeant pierce . 
 he had to be alone with her , to get her to tell him what had happened , so he could keep her safe . 
 `` please , '' fellows said , gesturing to the door . 
 `` lady isabella , you too . '' 
 isabella gave her sister a look of concern . 
 louisa shook her head , the movement wooden . 
 `` i 'll be all right , izzy . '' 
 isabella studied fellows a good long time before she agreed . 
 `` please send for me if i 'm needed . 
 never worry , mrs. leigh-waters . 
 mr. fellows is a perfect gentleman . '' 
 isabella 's look told fellows he 'd better be a perfect gentleman or face her and explain why not . 
 fellows returned the look neutrally . 
 he 'd fenced with lady isabella before . 
 isabella took mrs. leigh-waters ' arm and led the reluctant woman from the room . 
 he heard the door close , their footsteps in the hall . 
 when it seeped through fellows that he and louisa were alone , his awareness narrowed to her . 
 how her body was a perfect upright , how the curve of her waist and bend of her arms softened her posture . 
 her striped gown made her look taller , her bosom a soft swell under all the buttons . 
 lovely , lovely femininity . 
 fellows was no saint , but he had n't been with a woman in a good long while , not long enough to be able to look upon louisa scranton without wanting her . 
 no , it would n't matter if fellows came to her sated and exhausted from weeks of passion-he would still want her . 
 he gestured with a gloved hand to the sofa . 
 `` please , sit . '' 
 throughout the exchanges , louisa had remained rigidly still , as though turned to the biblical pillar of salt . 
 now she moved to the sofa , her movements jerky . 
 her face was paper white , her red hair making it whiter still . 
 from this stunned face , her eyes burned . 
 fellows knew he should not sit on the sofa next to her . 
 he should pull a hard chair from the other side of the room and angle it away from her so he would n't risk his legs touching her skirt . 
 but then he thought again about how they 'd stood in the doorway of the empty room last christmas , the revelry far away down the hall . 
 how louisa had flowed into him , her lips seeking his , her body soft against his . 
 she 'd instigated the kiss , and fellows had n't been able to stop himself turning it into a taste of passion . 
 he did not seek the other chair . 
 he sat on the sofa with louisa , putting at least two feet of space between them . 
 then he stripped off his gloves , took a small notebook and pencil from his pocket , flipped to a clean page , and wrote : interview with lady louisa scranton , witness . 
 `` take me through it , lady louisa , '' fellows said , not letting himself look up from the notebook . 
 `` take you through what ? '' 
 her voice was brittle . 
 `` how i watched the bishop of hargate die ? '' 
 fellows kept his eyes on the page . 
 `` i need to know exactly what happened . 
 it 's apparent he was poisoned , and i 'd like to know how and by who . 
 you went inside the tea tent ... '' louisa drew a sharp breath . 
 `` we had some tea . 
 the bishop was talking to me about ... about his recent travels to paris . 
 then he looked ill , started struggling to breathe , and he fell . 
 i thought he was choking , and i ran and fetched sir richard . 
 by the time we returned , the bishop was dead . '' 
 louisa shivered , her hands moving restlessly . 
 fellows resisted the urge to reach over and give her a comforting caress . 
 `` did you drink any of the tea ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i never had the opportunity . '' 
 fellows made his hand write the notes . 
 `` but you had a cup of tea . 
 there were two cups-one broken on the ground , one on the table near a teapot . 
 the cup on the table was presumably yours . '' 
 `` yes , i poured it . 
 but i did n't want tea just then , so i set it down to drink later . '' 
 `` why did you do that ? '' 
 when louisa did n't answer right away , fellows made himself look up from his notebook . 
 louisa was staring at him , no shyness in her . 
 the light in her eyes was angry , very angry , but behind her defiance he saw great fear . 
 `` why did n't you drink ? '' 
 fellows asked again , this time watching her . 
 `` because i did not want tea at the moment . '' 
 louisa said every word slowly and deliberately . 
 `` i was speaking with the bishop . 
 i did n't want to spill anything . '' 
 `` you were eating tea cakes . '' 
 `` profiteroles , '' louisa said . 
 `` choux pastry filled with cream . 
 i took two but i did n't eat because i was having a conversation . 
 i could not be very dignified stuffing cream and pastry into my mouth , could i ? '' 
 fellows had a sudden flash of her licking cream from the profiterole , then taking a dainty bite . 
 her red lips would part as her teeth bit down , cream would cling to her lips , then she 'd lick it away . 
 slowly . 
 fellows tightened his grip on the pencil . 
 `` continue . '' 
 `` that is all . 
 the bishop coughed and fell . 
 i told you , i thought him choking or fainting . 
 i had no idea he was dying ... '' she shivered again . 
 fellows wanted to throw his notes to the floor , pull her to him , and enfold her in his arms . 
 he 'd stroke her hair , kiss her , shush her . 
 it 's all right . 
 i 'm here . 
 i 'll keep you safe . 
 he remained rigidly on his end of the sofa . 
 `` then what did you do ? '' 
 `` i rushed out of the tent looking for the doctor . 
 sir richard said the bishop had been poisoned and looked at me as though i 'd done it . 
 isabella brought me to the house . '' 
 louisa opened her hands . 
 `` and here i am . '' 
 here they both were . 
 the police had been summoned , and mrs. leigh-waters , likely at the insistence of isabella , had asked for chief inspector fellows to come and take over . 
 fellows closed the notebook and set it on the tea table next to the sofa . 
 he folded his hands and leaned forward slightly , a posture he hoped did n't threaten . 
 he was a master at threatening , had had many more than one criminal fling themselves at his feet and beg for mercy . 
 but mercy was n't his job . 
 fellows ' job was to track down and arrest murderers , as he had earlier today , and bring evidence to their trials . 
 mercy was left to judge and jury . 
 but he 'd do everything in his power to keep louisa scranton from standing in the dock at the old bailey , facing a jury who 'd find her guilty of murder . 
 he 'd do anything to avoid the judge looking at her and voicing the awful phrase , take her down . 
 fellows held her gaze . 
 `` i need you to tell me the truth , louisa . 
 did you poison him ? '' 
 louisa 's eyes widened , then she was up and off the sofa . 
 `` no ! 
 why on earth should i ? '' 
 sincerity rang in her every word . 
 she was innocent , fellows knew it . 
 but he was not who had to be convinced-the rest of the world must believe it too . 
 `` perhaps you did n't mean to , '' he suggested . 
 `` perhaps you put something in the tea and did n't realize what it was . '' 
 `` i gave him tea . 
 i dropped in one lump of sugar and a dollop of cream . 
 i 'm very certain it was sugar and cream . 
 i have served tea before . '' 
 fellows did not reach for his notebook . 
 he 'd had pierce take the sugar bowl and pour off the cream as well . 
 `` or you thought to make him sick , '' fellows went on . 
 `` you did n't realize what you gave him would kill him . '' 
 louisa stared in shock . 
 `` no . 
 inspector , you know me . 
 i would never be so cruel . 
 i am telling you , i did not poison the bishop 's tea , deliberately or accidentally . 
 i would never do such a thing . 
 you have to believe me . '' 
 her desperation sang of her innocence . 
 but fellows had heard the same tone from lying murderers-they were masters at it . 
 if sergeant pierce were in the room , he 'd say , `` that 's what they all tell me , love , '' and be on his way back to london to apply for an arrest warrant . 
 facing a magistrate would be traumatic for louisa . 
 she needed to understand that . 
 fellows ' next words were what he knew a stern magistrate 's would be . 
 `` you were alone in the tent with him , no one else near . 
 he died , and if we are right about what kind of poison it was , it acted swiftly . 
 that fact will get out . 
 newspapers like a murder , especially in the upper classes . 
 the bishop had given your father trouble over their financial dealings . 
 no one else had time to put poison into his teacup . 
 only you . 
 so you tell me what happened , exactly what you saw-who you saw . 
 i will keep you out of jail and away from the courts at all costs , louisa , but i 'm going to have to work very hard to do it . '' 
 louisa listened to the speech in the same shock , but color returned to her face in a furious flush . 
 `` what are you saying ? 
 that you do n't believe me ? 
 i thought you knew me . 
 why are you ... ? 
 how dare you ? '' 
 fellows was on his feet , his professional persona evaporating . 
 `` for god 's sake , louisa , help me . 
 my sergeant is even now listening to fifty accounts of you going into the tea tent alone with hargate . 
 why did you ? '' 
 she blinked , dragging in a deep breath as she tried to calm herself . 
 `` i do n't remember ... no , i do . 
 mrs. leigh-waters asked me to make sure the bishop was looked after . '' 
 `` and you do everything mrs. leigh-waters says ? 
 you let yourself be alone with unmarried gentlemen to please mrs. leigh-waters ? '' 
 `` you are making this sound sordid . 
 it was n't like that . 
 you do n't understand . '' 
 fellows was over her , the scent of violets that clung to her floating to him . 
 `` then tell me why . '' 
 `` mrs. leigh-waters did n't want him left by himself , '' louisa said stiffly . 
 `` and apparently he wanted to speak to me . '' 
 `` what about ? '' 
 fellows stood too close to her , could feel the warmth of her body , see the smoothness of her skin as her pink flush deepened . 
 `` none of your business what about , '' she said . 
 `` it was a private conversation . '' 
 `` between friends ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 why are you talking to me like this ? 
 i 'd thought we were friends . 
 why are you accusing me ? '' 
 fellows curled his big hands . 
 `` right now , i am the best friend you can have . 
 but you have to tell me everything . 
 what you were speaking about , why you decided to be alone with him . 
 why i should believe you did n't deliberately poison him . '' 
 louisa 's breath tangled his for an instant before she stepped back . 
 she put her hands to her temples , red curls snaking around her fingers . 
 `` this has to be madness . 
 i did n't kill him . '' 
 `` you expect me to take you at your word ? '' 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 she glared up at him . 
 `` an englishwoman 's word is as good as an englishman 's . '' 
 `` not in my world . '' 
 fellows made his voice hard . 
 `` in my world , everybody lies . 
 they might think it for a good reason , but they lie . 
 and those lies hurt . 
 they can even kill . '' 
 `` you come from a terrible world , then . '' 
 `` oh , it 's bad , all right . '' 
 fellows gave her a wolfish smile . 
 `` and i do n't want you to be part of it . 
 so tell me , louisa , why did you go off alone with the bishop ? '' 
 the tears that flooded louisa 's eyes made his heart pound . 
 but they were n't tears of sorrow , they were tears of rage and embarrassment . 
 `` i do n't want to tell you , '' she said . 
 `` it had nothing to do with his death . '' 
 `` you ca n't know that . 
 it might have everything to do with it . '' 
 louisa had opened her mouth to argue , but she stopped . 
 she turned away again , still massaging her temples , moving to the window . 
 the light silhouetted her , her gown gently swaying as she walked . 
 the vulnerability in her stance nearly undid him . 
 fellows wanted to go to her , slide his arms around her from behind , kiss her hair when she leaned back to him . 
 he wanted to caress her , as though she belonged to him , and say , it 's all right , love . 
 i 'll take care of everything . 
 you do n't worry about any of it . 
 i 'm here . 
 if fellows touched her , he would n't let go . 
 he 'd draw her into his arms again , crush her up to him , let their mouths meet . 
 he 'd taste her , drink her , and let the rest of the world go to hell . 
 he 'd take her away with him , anywhere , to be safe , alone with him . 
 never letting go . 
 when louisa turned back to him , her face was blotchy red , the tears wiped away , but one still damp on her cheek . 
 `` you 're a policeman , '' louisa said . 
 `` from what mac and the others have told me , you 're very good at it . 
 a detective first , they 've said . 
 like a bloodhound on the scent . '' 
 fellows dragged in a breath , pulling his thoughts back from burying himself in louisa and never coming out . 
 `` flattering . '' 
 ian mackenzie had once lumped fellows ' dedication in with the mackenzie family 's madness , saying fellows ' focus on catching criminals was as intense as cameron 's brilliance with horses , mac 's with painting , or ian 's with numbers and total recall . 
 `` if i tell you , the good policeman , everything , it will end up in a report on a desk , will it not ? 
 the foolishness of lady louisa scranton in black and white , for all to see . 
 shall i then find it splashed across every newspaper and scandal sheet in london ? '' 
 louisa gave a half-hysterical laugh . 
 `` why not ? 
 they played out my sister 's marriage and near-divorce there . 
 they 'll quite enjoy themselves over me . '' 
 fellows held up his empty hands . 
 `` my notebook is over there . 
 whatever you say to me , in this room , will go no further . 
 i 'll write it into no report . 
 what you tell me will be between you and me , i promise you . 
 you 'll have to take me at my word . '' 
 `` and why would you , the good policeman , not write down every syllable i say ? '' 
 because i 'd do anything for you , louisa . 
 `` because i 'm not always the good policeman , '' fellows said . 
 `` never mind what the mackenzies tell you about me-sometimes i 'm just a man . '' 
 just a man who remembered every brush of her lips , every touch , their impulsive kisses , the stolen moments . 
 i should n't have done that , she 'd whispered after the first time . 
 but i 've been wanting to kiss you . 
 fellows ' world had changed that day and had n't righted itself yet . 
 `` i want to trust you , '' louisa said . 
 `` i want to trust you . '' 
 louisa looked away , head turned , but not bowed . 
 she was courageous , elegant , beautiful . 
 fellows wanted her with the intensity of a small sun . 
 somewhere not this overly large sitting room where she could walk so far away from him , somewhere he could close her in his arms , lay her head on his shoulder , and simply be with her . 
 `` very well , i 'll tell you , '' louisa said . 
 she looked back at fellows , her green eyes luminous with unshed tears . 
 `` mrs. leigh-waters encouraged me to go alone to the tea tent with the bishop of hargate , because she knew he would propose to me there . '' 
 chapter five isabella 's maid had laced louisa 's stays too tightly . 
 she could not draw a proper breath , could n't keep her voice from sounding scratched . 
 she hated the way inspector fellows was looking at her-chief inspector now ; he 'd won his long sought-after promotion . 
 his hazel eyes were steady but behind them were questions , skepticism . 
 this man , this half-mackenzie , always unnerved her . 
 he was as tall and strong as his brothers , and possessed their air of confidence so acute it was almost arrogance . 
 his hair , a dark shade of auburn , had been cut short , now rumpled as though the wind had caught it . 
 unshaved whiskers were dark on his bruised and battered face , and his eyes were red-rimmed . 
 but the hazel eyes that looked out at her showed anything but exhaustion . 
 fellows watched her with the keenness of a hawk , one waiting for the right moment to strike its prey . 
 the abrasions on his face had stunned louisa almost as much as seeing him again . 
 she wanted to touch him , ask in concern what had happened to him , try to make his hurts better , as though she had a right to . 
 the wild streak in the rest of the mackenzies had been honed in fellows into a ruthless need to pursue whatever criminals he believed needed to be pursued . 
 he was just as single-minded as the rest of the family , but not as scandalous , because he kept a very tight rein on his emotions . 
 fellows waited , not saying a word . 
 the hawk would let his prey come to him . 
 louisa drew another breath , or tried to , silently cursing her tight corset . 
 `` and yes , he did propose . '' 
 `` and you said ... ? '' 
 `` i never had the chance to answer . 
 as i tried to think of a way to let him down politely , he took ill . '' 
 fellows ' expression did n't change . 
 `` you were going to refuse him ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i thought of you , and i could n't . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she wanted to laugh again . 
 `` because i did not want to marry him . 
 i knew we would n't suit . '' 
 fellows ' expression did n't change . 
 `` because your father defrauded him ? '' 
 louisa flinched but had to nod . 
 `` i was surprised hargate wanted to propose to me , in light of that . '' 
 `` curious . '' 
 `` yes , it was . '' 
 humiliating too . 
 something she did not want to discuss with mr. fellows . 
 fellows looked her up and down , and when he spoke again , his voice was mild and even . 
 `` i 've spent years listening to people lie to me , louisa . 
 i 've learned what exactly it sounds like . 
 up until this moment , you 've been telling me the truth . 
 now you are lying . 
 why ? '' 
 with any other man , louisa might hold her head up and demand him to cease badgering her , but with fellows , she could n't . 
 he knew too much about her . 
 he knew she liked kissing him , liked the smoothness of his lips , the taste of his tongue . 
 her face burned . 
 `` you are presumptuous . '' 
 `` it is n't presumption , '' fellows said , keeping the mildness . 
 `` or assumption . 
 why did you refuse the bishop of hargate ? 
 he 's rich , has plenty of titles in his family , and a lofty position . 
 he should have been a good match for you . '' 
 his indifferent tone made louisa 's heart sting . 
 `` i should have married him for his wealth and position ? '' 
 she gave him a mirthless smile . 
 `` is that what you 're asking ? '' 
 `` it is why people of your class marry , is n't it ? 
 a business arrangement . 
 marriage is for connections and money ; love is sought with mistresses . '' 
 in spite of the uncaring words , the look in fellows ' eyes was bitter . 
 louisa knew his history-the now-deceased duke of kilmorgan had dallied with a tavern maid , got her with child , then deserted her . 
 when fellows ' mother sought the duke to tell him about the baby and ask him for help , he 'd denied fellows was his . 
 fellows ' mackenzie blood was obvious , however . 
 at one time he 'd worn a thick moustache to hide some of his features , but now that he went about clean-shaven , the resemblance to the old duke and to hart mackenzie was clear . 
 fellows had never spoken of his parentage to louisa , but she knew the duke 's denial of him had hurt him deeply and driven him most of his life . 
 `` my reasons for refusing the bishop have nothing to do with this , '' louisa said . 
 `` i promise you . 
 i did n't poison him , and i 'd like to go home now . '' 
 fellows took a step toward her , his carelessness gone , menace returning . 
 `` i will determine what has to do with hargate 's death and what does n't . 
 you need to tell me everything , or else you 'll be stammering it in front of a magistrate . 
 he will also know when you are lying , and unlike me , he 'll turn everything against you . 
 because you 're an earl 's daughter , instead of being hanged or sent to prison , you might be put into a home for genteel ladies who have gone insane , but then again , you might find yourself up before a judge who wants to make an example of you . '' 
 another step , the light in his hazel eyes sharp . 
 `` or , you can tell me everything , and you wo n't have to face a magistrate at all . '' 
 he was unnervingly close . 
 louisa smelled the outdoors on him , the fresh april wind mixed with the scent of coal smoke that clung to the wool of his coat . 
 his words terrified her , because she knew he was right . 
 she knew how it looked-she alone with the bishop , she serving him tea , he dropping dead at her feet . 
 louisa was a young woman from a scandalous family , and who knew what she might do ? 
 his deep voice rumbled around her , stern and harsh , but louisa wanted to cling to it , to let the sound comfort her . 
 while he meant to frighten her , he was asking her to trust him with the truth , and with her life . 
 he was right that she had no one else to help her . 
 she clenched her hands and said the words in a rush . 
 `` the bishop of hargate told me he would release my family from any obligation to repay him if i married him . 
 repay him what he 'd lost because of my father , i mean . 
 he 'd relieve us of that debt and the shame of it , but only if i consented to be his wife . '' 
 fellows ' eyes became even more focused , frighteningly so . 
 `` he told you this in no uncertain terms ? '' 
 louisa nodded . 
 `` oh , he made it very clear . '' 
 fellows went silent for a few moments . 
 clouds slid across the sun , thick enough to erase the happy spring sunshine and plunge the sitting room into gloom . 
 when fellows spoke again , his voice was quiet . 
 `` you know you have just outlined a perfect motive for killing him . '' 
 `` yes , i do realize that . '' 
 louisa swallowed on dryness . 
 `` it is one reason i was trying very hard not to tell you . '' 
 `` one reason ? 
 what is another ? '' 
 `` the other reason is because it is so very embarrassing . '' 
 fellows studied her , his eyes still . 
 his left cheekbone bore a deep cut , the blood dried . 
 black bruises surrounded the cut , the bruises moving up to his temple . 
 the right side of his mouth had taken another cut , and scrapes decorated his cheek . 
 again , louisa wanted to reach up and touch his face , to ask if he was all right . 
 she curled her fingers into her palms . 
 `` did anyone else know the terms of this proposal ? '' 
 fellows asked abruptly . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 mrs. leigh-waters knew , or guessed , the bishop would propose to me , but whether she had any hint he would try to blackmail me into accepting , i do not know . '' 
 `` even if she did n't know , the story will come out sooner or later , '' fellows went on in his matter-of-fact voice . 
 no false comfort for louisa , just unvarnished truth . 
 `` hargate might have confided in his valet that he planned to coerce you into marrying him , or his solicitor . 
 or he might have boasted of it loudly at his club or a meeting of his vestry , who knows ? '' 
 `` well , i did n't know until he sprang it on me in the tea tent , '' louisa said . 
 `` that 's a point in my favor , is it not ? 
 if i 'd decided to poison him , i would have had to prepare beforehand . 
 but i had no reason to prepare , because i had no idea what he meant to ask me . 
 surely that proves my innocence . 
 i would have had to bring the poison with me to the garden party , and i assure you , inspector , i have no vials of poison about my person . '' 
 `` proves nothing . 
 you might have known about hargate 's proposal in advance . 
 servants gossip . 
 solicitors and vestrymen gossip too . 
 you might have seen yourself pushed into accepting him and decided the only way out of marrying a man who demanded your body in exchange for forgiving your father 's debt was killing him . 
 you could have brought the vial in your pocket or a reticule . 
 afterward you could have dropped the bottle in the tea tent , or surreptitiously tossed it into the garden as you walked through it , or even hidden it in this room while you waited for me . 
 or you might have it in your pocket now . '' 
 louisa 's lips parted as she listened , something cold seeping through her body . 
 his words ... demanded your body in exchange for forgiving your father 's debt ... were inelegant , even harsh , but again , he was not sparing her . 
 truth was often ugly . 
 `` yes , i might have done any of those things . 
 but i did not . 
 it 's ridiculous . '' 
 `` just show me , '' fellows said . 
 she blinked . 
 `` i beg your pardon ? '' 
 `` show me what you have in your pockets , louisa . 
 believe me , if you are arrested and searched , you 'll be treated far less gently at a police station than you will here by me . 
 so show me . '' 
 louisa 's frock had one pocket , in the skirt , its opening hidden by the peplum of her bodice . 
 she jammed her hand inside and pulled out a handkerchief , a pencil on a ribbon , and a tiny notebook . 
 `` there . 
 that is all . '' 
 fellows came to her swiftly . 
 he gave her a measuring gaze and then pushed aside her hand and slid his own into her pocket . 
 louisa 's breath hitched . 
 the corset cut into her again , and spots danced before her eyes . 
 fellows did n't touch her . 
 she felt the warmth of his hand between skirt and petticoat , the strength of his fingers as they moved in the pocket . 
 she looked up at him and found his hazel eyes focused directly on her . 
 the look in their depths made her dizzy . 
 this man should be nothing to her-a member of the family her sister had married into , that was all . 
 he was not of her world . 
 he 'd been born on the wrong side of the blanket , raised in working-class london , and had taken up the common profession of policeman . 
 but he 'd compelled her from the first time she 'd laid eyes on him , at a family gathering at kilmorgan castle . 
 louisa had seen how uncomfortable fellows had been in a home that might have been his , how silent he 'd been , how haunted he 'd looked . 
 she 'd wanted to cheer him up , to show him that the past did n't have to mean a thing to the present . 
 she 'd learned fellows had a biting , deprecating sense of humor , often directed at himself , but he was also happy to direct it at those around him . 
 he had the powerful personality of the mackenzie men , but one turned in a different direction from theirs . 
 while the brothers had been raised with money and power , fellows had faced the world in all its ugliness . 
 he 'd had no protection but himself . 
 now fellows stood very close to her , and louisa wanted to kiss him again . 
 the first time she 'd done so , she 'd told herself she felt sorry for him . 
 but she knew it had been more than that . 
 it was more than that now . 
 the need to kiss him rose like an uncontrolled fire . 
 it sent louisa up on her tiptoes in her high-heeled boots , making her lean into him , wanting to feel his strength and his warmth . 
 fellows ' eyes started to close , his body coming down to meet hers . 
 the hunger she saw , before his lids hid his eyes , sparked an answering hunger deep inside her . 
 louisa drifted into him , welcoming his heat . 
 she felt the touch of his breath , which would be followed by his lips ... then was n't . 
 fellows jerked back , eyes opening , a hard light entering them . 
 he lifted his hand out of her pocket . 
 between his broad fingers was a small bottle of cut glass with a little stopper , a tiny amount of liquid inside it . 
 chapter six louisa , still ensnared by the kiss that had n't happened , stared at the bottle uncomprehendingly . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 `` that is what i am asking you . '' 
 fellows ' voice was harsh . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 louisa held up her hands . 
 `` it is n't mine . '' 
 `` it was in your pocket . '' 
 his gaze grew even colder . 
 `` you must have put it there then . 
 i certainly did n't . '' 
 `` louisa . '' 
 fellows lifted the small bottle in front of her face . 
 `` i need you to explain this to me . '' 
 `` i did n't put it there , '' louisa repeated in desperation . 
 `` i can not help it if you do n't believe me . 
 i do n't even know what it is . '' 
 `` it 's a perfume bottle , '' fellows said . 
 `` but this is not perfume . '' 
 `` i can see that it 's a perfume bottle . 
 how do you know it 's not perfume inside it ? '' 
 `` wrong consistency . '' 
 hysterical laughter tried to bubble up again . 
 `` and you 're an expert at what ladies carry in their perfume bottles ? '' 
 `` i am an expert in the many ways people kill other people and try to cover it up . '' 
 louisa 's eyes widened . 
 `` i 've told you . 
 i did n't kill him . '' 
 `` someone is going to a lot of trouble to make it look as though you did . 
 why ? '' 
 `` well , i do n't know , '' louisa nearly shouted . 
 `` perhaps someone did not want hargate to marry me . 
 perhaps the poison was meant for me , or it was in the teapot , for us both . 
 only i did n't drink it . '' 
 fellows ' eyes flickered , but he went on remorselessly . 
 `` bit of a gamble , was n't it , to pour the poison into the correct cup of tea then put the bottle into your pocket ? 
 who did you see when you went into the tea tent ? '' 
 `` no one . 
 it was empty . 
 hargate was already inside by the time i arrived , but no one else . 
 i noticed no one leave-the rest of the guests were outside waiting for the croquet match . '' 
 fellows shoved the perfume bottle into his pocket . 
 he gazed down at louisa a moment longer , his brows coming together , then he turned abruptly and walked away from her . 
 he made his way to the window and looked out , every line of his body tight . 
 his broad back , covered in black , showed his strength . 
 if life had been different , if fellows ' father had married his mother and the birth had been legitimate , this man would now be a duke . 
 fellows turned back . 
 when he spoke , his voice was stern and solid , worthy of any duke 's . 
 `` you entered the tea tent and saw someone crawling out the other side . '' 
 louisa shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i told you . 
 the tent was empty , except for the bishop . '' 
 fellows walked to her again . 
 `` you saw someone-maybe only a glimpse of them-ducking out under the back of the tent . 
 they must have pulled up a stake to loosen the canvas . '' 
 `` i ... '' louisa trailed off , her mouth drying . 
 fellows wanted her to say this , was handing her the script . 
 all she had to do was repeat the words , and he 'd write them down . 
 `` i ca n't lie , '' louisa said weakly . 
 `` better to say it to me now than to a judge and jury , after you take the oath . 
 tell me what you saw , louisa . '' 
 louisa bit back a cough . 
 `` i thought ... yes , i thought i saw someone scrambling out under the other side of the tent . '' 
 `` man or woman ? '' 
 `` it was too quick . 
 i could n't see . '' 
 `` color of their clothing ? '' 
 `` dark , i think . 
 but as i say , i could n't see . '' 
 louisa closed her mouth , not wanting to embellish . 
 keep a lie very simple , her brother-in-law mac had once told her . 
 the more you invent , the more you have to remember . 
 it 's tricky , lying . 
 that 's why i never do it , myself . 
 `` i could n't see , '' louisa finished . 
 fellows ' hazel eyes glinted in the room 's dim light . 
 then he nodded , picked up his notebook from the table , moved back to her , and wrote down the words while she stood a foot away from him . 
 his fingers were inches from her , his eyes quietly fixed on the paper . 
 his sleeve moved to show the cuff of his shirt , enclosing a strong wrist and forearm . 
 his hands were tanned from the sunshine , the liquid color going back under the linen of the shirt , as though he had the habit of rolling up his sleeves outdoors . 
 his knuckles were scratched , from whatever fight had given his face its cuts and bruises . 
 louisa felt his stare . 
 she looked up from her study of his hand to find his gaze on her . 
 never taking his eyes from louisa , fellows closed the notebook and slid it and his pencil into his pocket . 
 she expected him to say something , anything , to break the tension between them . 
 or to touch her . 
 they 'd shared two kisses , both of them intimate . 
 louisa could still feel the doorframe at her back from the kiss at christmas , fellows ' body the length of hers , his hand on her neck as he scooped her to him . 
 the silence stretched . 
 louisa was dismayed by how much she wanted to kiss him again , even after he 'd interrogated her . 
 he was the only man she 'd ever kissed , the only man she 'd ever wanted to . 
 if she touched his cheek , she 'd feel the bristles of his whiskers , the heat of his skin . 
 she could lean to him and indulge herself in another taste of him . 
 the mackenzie who was not a mackenzie so fascinated louisa that she could barely keep her thoughts together when he was in a room with her . 
 `` louisa . '' 
 louisa realized she had started to rise to him , and thumped back on her heels . 
 `` that 's all i remember . '' 
 `` it 's enough . 
 are you staying in london with isabella ? '' 
 louisa nodded , feeling giddy . 
 `` yes , for the season . 
 my mother is in berkshire with cameron and ainsley . '' 
 why she felt she needed to report that , she did n't know . 
 `` good . 
 stay in tonight . 
 and for the next few nights . 
 cancel your engagements and pretend you 're sorry hargate is dead . '' 
 `` but i am sorry ... '' `` no , you 're stunned and shocked , but you 're not grieved . 
 this man wanted to marry you , for whatever his reasons , and everyone at this party saw you go into the tent alone with him . 
 you need to behave as though you had interest in him , a friendliness toward him , and no contempt . 
 if anyone knows hargate planned to coerce you into marrying him , and they say so to you , you must have no idea what they mean . 
 hargate never mentioned your father , or your father 's debt to him . 
 you thought hargate loved you , and you were at the very least flattered by his interest in you . 
 understand ? '' 
 louisa nodded numbly . 
 `` i must lie and say i liked him , because otherwise no one will believe the truth that i did n't kill him . '' 
 `` you had the best opportunity . 
 easy for you to slip poison into his teacup while you poured out for him , then slide the bottle into your pocket so deeply a cursory examination would n't reveal it . 
 most policemen would balk at putting their hands very far into an earl 's daughter 's pocket . '' 
 `` but not you . '' 
 louisa saw him draw one quick breath , but his reply was as hard as ever . 
 `` this is life-and-death , louisa . 
 behave as though you liked him , and spare yourself the noose . '' 
 louisa looked at him for a long time , fellows staring back at her . 
 finally , she nodded . 
 `` good , '' he said . 
 she saw the smallest flicker of relief in his eyes , but nothing more . 
 `` stay here . 
 i 'll tell isabella to come to you . '' 
 louisa nodded again , tears burning . 
 through the blur she saw fellows ' face soften , then he lifted his hand and brushed her cheek . 
 louisa thought he 'd say something to her , maybe go so far as to apologize for upsetting her , giving her a gentle word to make her feel better . 
 but no . 
 fellows caressed her cheek with callused fingers , the sensation sending heat through her body . 
 then he withdrew his touch and walked stiffly past her and out the door . 
 the sound of it closing behind him was as hollow as the pain in louisa 's heart . 
 *** fellows made sergeant pierce clear everyone out of the tea tent . 
 too many people had trampled in here after he 'd gone , the grass and dirt even more of a mess than it had been before . 
 someone had knocked over a small table , spilling yet another set of teacups to the ground . 
 once he and pierce had convinced them all to go , including mrs. leigh-waters , who wanted to linger , fellows went over every bit of the tent on his own . 
 he ended up on his hands and knees on the far side of the tent , looking for signs that someone actually had crawled in the other side . 
 but the stakes that held the tent were driven firmly into the ground , and the dirt here had n't been disturbed . 
 fellows disturbed it . 
 he tugged up one stake and gouged the area with his boot . 
 he was aware of the magnitude of his actions . 
 misleading the police or covering up a crime could have him arrested , possibly convicted and sent to dartmoor to break rocks alongside the men he 'd helped put there . 
 he did n't care . 
 louisa was innocent , and he would n't let her go down for this crime . 
 fellows had been a detective long enough to know when a person was guilty and when he or she was not . 
 his instincts were never wrong . 
 the only time he 'd been wrong had been in a case involving ian and hart , and in that instance he 'd let his hatred for the mackenzie family override his instincts . 
 was n't he letting his emotions do the same now ? 
 some niggling part of him asked . 
 no . 
 he 'd made an error of judgment when he 'd thought hart and ian mackenzie had committed a few murders , but at the same time , fellows had known those men to be capable of it , hart especially . 
 fellows himself was capable of murder as well . 
 not louisa . 
 few truly good people existed in this world , and louisa scranton was one of them . 
 she had a fiery temper-he 'd seen that a time or two-but she also possessed a vast kindness and generosity that made her beautiful . 
 she was like a firefly , bright and energetic , lighting up those around her . 
 fellows would do everything in his power to keep her safe . 
 he finished arranging the scene of the crime as he wanted it , took a few more samples from the smashed tea things , and departed the tent . 
 *** the bishop of hargate 's funeral two days later was well attended . 
 louisa went with isabella and mac , the three of them standing a few feet behind hargate 's family and friends . 
 rain trickled down , spotting the black umbrellas , which had opened like dark flowers as soon as sprinkles began . 
 the tiny drumming on the canvas made louisa 's already tight nerves stretch tighter . 
 mac held an umbrella over isabella , his arm around his wife 's waist . 
 he was never embarrassed at displaying that he 'd married for love , which louisa had always found rather sweet . 
 the mackenzies were volatile , emotional men . 
 she did n't think they knew how to hide their feelings . 
 the other mackenzie who stood at the very edge of the crowd was volatile and emotional too , but he kept a tight rein on himself . 
 lloyd fellows wore severe black today , his hat in his hand as he bowed his head for the prayers . 
 rain darkened his hair-no umbrella for chief inspector fellows . 
 three days had passed since the bishop 's death . 
 louisa had followed fellows ' dictate that she remain inside and away from the season 's social whirl . 
 she understood why , but the confinement chafed . 
 though isabella 's house was cheerful and full of children , louisa had been happy even for the excuse of the funeral to come out into open air , as chilly and dank as it was . 
 the churchyard contained many prominent people-both above and below ground-hargate being no less prominent . 
 hargate 's father was an earl , and marriages had made him cousin to a marquis , another bishop , and a few baronets . 
 the crowd at the burial ground today must encompass several pages of debrett 's . 
 the two scotland yard detectives stayed well back , being respectful of the family 's grief . 
 but louisa knew fellows was watching , looking for signs of feigned sorrow among the guests , a betrayal of glee that hargate was gone . 
 the bishop who conducted the service finished with the usual prayers about man being dust and his life on earth nothing . 
 the casket was lowered , and hargate 's family sadly bade him farewell . 
 as the crowd dispersed , louisa moved next to hargate 's mother and offered her condolences . 
 she was rewarded with a cold stare . 
 hargate 's father gave louisa a look of open viciousness before he and his wife turned their backs and walked away from her . 
 louisa moved back to isabella as though nothing untoward had happened , but her heart was hammering , and she felt ill . 
 hargate 's parents had just cut her dead , and the entire gathering had witnessed it . 
 isabella closed her fingers around louisa 's arm . 
 `` never mind , darling . 
 they 're upset . 
 only natural . '' 
 `` they think i killed him , '' louisa said numbly . 
 `` do n't they ? '' 
 `` please do n't think about it , dearest . 
 we 'll go home and have lots of hot tea and stuff ourselves with cakes . 
 you know this will blow over when inspector fellows clears it all up . '' 
 inspector fellows had resumed his hat , but he remained on the edge of the crowd , watching every person walk by . 
 he was n't part of them , and his stance said that he did n't want to be . 
 he saw louisa . 
 their gazes met , held for a heartbeat , two . 
 louisa grew hot in spite of the chill rain . 
 finally fellows gave her a nod and lifted his hat . 
 louisa nodded back as politeness dictated , but her head and heart ached . 
 *** louisa usually found it soothing to sit in mac 's studio and watch him paint . 
 but the day after the bishop 's funeral , she paced restlessly in the wide upper room while her brother-in-law slapped paint onto canvas . 
 his children were there-aimee , eileen , and robert-aimee and eileen playing together , baby robert fast asleep . 
 mac mackenzie , clad in his kilt , old boots , and loose shirt , his hair protected by a gypsy scarf , painted in a kind of frenzy , never looking away from his canvas or palette . 
 when louisa paced past him for about the twentieth time , however , mac dropped his palette with a clatter and thrust his brush into oil of turpentine . 
 `` louisa , lass , for god 's sake , sit down . 
 i ca n't concentrate with you rushing past a dozen times a minute . '' 
 louisa bit back snappish words and sat down with a thump on the threadbare sofa . 
 the sofa was old and thoroughly worn from children playing and napping on it . 
 louisa knew isabella modeled for mac on it , and not for modest pictures . 
 little robert had been conceived on it , louisa believed . 
 a very family-situated sofa . 
 `` i beg your pardon , mac . 
 i am tired of being confined to the house . '' 
 hearing nothing , knowing nothing . 
 fellows had sent no word and had not called himself . 
 `` it 's a bit frustrating . '' 
 an understatement , but louisa had been bred to be so very polite on every occasion . 
 mac softened . 
 `` aye , i know . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 forgive my temper . '' 
 `` you 're an artist , '' louisa said lightly . 
 `` you ca n't help yourself . '' 
 mac burst out laughing , a big , booming mackenzie laugh . 
 `` a good excuse . 
 ashamed of myself for employing it . 
 why do n't you tell isabella to take you out ? 
 no reason you should sit here day after day . 
 if anything had happened ... was wrong ... the good fellows would tell us , yes ? '' 
 mac 's stammering around the subject did not give louisa heart . 
 he meant that if policemen were about to swoop down and arrest louisa , fellows would warn them . 
 `` be kind to her , papa , '' aimee said . 
 `` she 's afraid people will accuse her of poisoning the bishop . '' 
 aimee was five years old , nearly six . 
 mac and isabella 's adopted daughter had red hair a similar shade to isabella 's , steady brown eyes , and a burgeoning intelligence . 
 unkind people made out that mac was aimee 's father in truth , her mother one of mac 's models , and isabella a fool to take aimee into her home . 
 the truth was harsher-her father had been a man who 'd tried to kill mac , her mother a parisian woman who 'd died of illness and neglect . 
 mac 's and isabella 's compassion had saved this little girl . 
 aimee was turning into a sweet , amiable , and clever child . 
 she knew she was adopted , but the only parents she remembered were mac and isabella . 
 mac stared at aimee now in surprise . 
 `` where did you hear talk like that , wee girl ? '' 
 aimee returned his look without blinking . 
 `` you and mama . 
 and a few ladies who came to visit mama yesterday . 
 i hid in the second drawing room and listened to them talk . 
 i like to look at the ladies in their dresses . 
 some of them are beautiful , though mama 's dresses are the prettiest . '' 
 mac had his mouth open . 
 on a big man wearing a kerchief , the expression was comical . 
 `` aimee ... '' `` perfectly all right , mac , '' louisa broke in . 
 `` we should n't hide things from her . 
 aimee , sweetie . '' 
 louisa took aimee 's hands . 
 `` it is true that some people will say i killed the bishop of hargate , but that is untrue . '' 
 aimee still looked troubled . 
 `` the ladies said you hated him for what happened with your father . 
 and one said you 'd been his lover . 
 what does that mean , exactly ? '' 
 mac 's highland scots became pronounced . 
 `` lass , never listen to the likes of women such as they . 
 i 'll tell morton not to allow them into the house again . 
 and do n't repeat such things to your mother . '' 
 `` i would n't , '' aimee said . 
 `` that 's why i 'm asking you and louisa . '' 
 `` god save me , '' mac muttered , and went to find his palette again . 
 louisa squeezed aimee 's hands . 
 `` what they said is untrue as well . 
 the bishop and i were acquaintances only , and i was not angry with him . 
 i did nothing to hurt him . '' 
 aimee nodded , her eyes round . 
 `` i know you did n't . '' 
 relief touched her . 
 louisa knew aimee did n't entirely understand the implications of the situation , but the girl trusted her , and louisa wanted to do nothing to violate that trust . 
 `` and aimee , lass , you 're not to talk of it anymore , with anyone , '' mac said sternly . 
 `` not even within the family . '' 
 eileen , who was nearly three , watched them , her fingers in her mouth . 
 her little brother robert slept on a pile of clean drop cloths , on his tummy , his fists curled beside him . 
 his hair stuck up in little spikes , his scots fair skin a stark contrast to the brilliant red of his hair . 
 the boy could sleep anywhere , at any time , no matter what fireworks were going off around him . 
 louisa found that adorable ; mac only growled that he was another stubborn mackenzie . 
 `` do n't scold her , mac , '' louisa said . 
 `` she was n't to know . 
 you may talk of it with me all you like , aimee . '' 
 she smoothed the girl 's wiry red hair . 
 `` no secrets inside the family . 
 those outside might not understand , which is why we 're not speaking of it to them . '' 
 aimee nodded . 
 `` all right , aunt louisa . 
 why do people think you poisoned him ? '' 
 `` because i was nearest him at the time . 
 but i give you my word , i did not . '' 
 `` i believe you . '' 
 aimee climbed up onto louisa 's lap and gave her a warm kiss and a hug . 
 `` do n't be afraid , aunt louisa . 
 you 're safe here . '' 
 louisa felt anything but safe , but her eyes grew moist at the sentiment . 
 now , if only lloyd fellows would believe her . 
 not to mention put his arms around her and reassure her that she was all right . 
 mac turned back to his canvas . 
 he was working on a picture of a group of horses . 
 he 'd done the preliminary drawings in berkshire at cameron mackenzie 's training stables , and was now painting it . 
 the horses galloped across a pasture , manes and tails flying , muscles gleaming . 
 because mac painted in the new style , the lines were n't solid , but the wildness of the beasts came through-even more than if he 'd made every line exact . 
 louisa could almost hear the hooves pounding , the snorts and whinnies , and smell the grass , dust , and sweat . 
 `` tell isabella to take you out , '' mac repeated . 
 he yanked his brush from the jar and rubbed it clean on a rag . 
 `` a good ride in the park or something . 
 our grooms do n't need to be hanging about like loose ends . 
 give them something to do . '' 
 in other words , go away and let me work . 
 `` isabella is busy , '' louisa said . 
 `` she 's frantically finishing preparations for the supper ball , as you know . 
 i ought to be helping her . '' 
 she fixed mac a look . 
 `` so should you . '' 
 `` i am helping her . 
 i 'm minding the children . 
 a good husband knows when to stay out of the way of the whirling household . '' 
 `` a fine excuse , '' louisa said , feeling the first amusement she 'd had in days . 
 `` papa likes to hide up here , '' aimee said . 
 `` morton and mama bully him if he goes downstairs . '' 
 mac grinned . 
 `` she 's not wrong . 
 driven away by my wife and my butler . 
 what is a man to do ? '' 
 enjoy himself with his art and his children . 
 louisa envied him , and isabella . 
 they were so happy together , exactly matching each other in spirit , love , and vigor . 
 louisa knew isabella would prefer to be up here with him , watching her handsome husband paint , playing with the children she loved so well . 
 but isabella was a hostess at heart as well , leading the ladies of the season . 
 she was also keeping up her social schedule , louisa knew , to dare anyone to say that anything was wrong . 
 louisa would be at the supper ball tonight , by isabella 's side , helping to greet guests , engage shy young ladies in conversation , or smooth ruffled feathers of older ladies . 
 this gathering would be utterly respectable , for debutantes up to the most redoubtable matrons , and louisa would be in the middle of it . 
 she 'd go mad . 
 louisa gently set aimee on her feet and sprang up . 
 `` you 're right , mac . 
 staying in will only make me more irritable . '' 
 she went to him , lightly kissed his paint-streaked cheek , and left the room , not missing mac 's grin or his look of relief . 
 it also did not help her that mac looked much like the man she could not banish from her thoughts . 
 the near-kiss she 'd shared with fellows in mrs. leigh-waters ' drawing room burned her almost as much as the true kisses had . 
 she kept feeling the heat of his body against her , his hard fingers on her cheek . 
 out . 
 a young lady could n't simply walk outside in london and charge alone down the street . 
 it was n't done . 
 louisa had to play by every rule she possibly could until the true culprit was found . 
 all eyes were on her , she knew . 
 she asked morton to fetch isabella 's carriage , convinced the housekeeper to release a maid to accompany her , and made her way to visit eleanor , the duchess of kilmorgan . 
 *** fellows ' investigations did n't take him often to mayfair . 
 murders in london were most likely to happen at the docks or in slums where gin and desperation overrode sense , and knives came out . 
 mayfair was for the polite crimes of embezzlement and fraud and , long ago now , dueling . 
 the death of the bishop of hargate was a crime of mayfair . 
 though the event itself had taken place in richmond , every single person at that garden party had a london residence for the season , all of them in mayfair . 
 fellows knew mayfair as well as he did the rest of london , because he was thorough . 
 the people who walked these streets , though , were not the ladies and gentlemen who lived there , but the tradesmen and domestics who worked it . 
 those who reposed in the houses would n't consider strolling more than three doors down without a carriage . 
 for the past three and a half years , fellows had made use of a new base of operation in mayfair , the duke of kilmorgan 's mansion on grosvenor square . 
 once hart , the duke in question , had officially acknowledged fellows as part of the family , he 'd made it known that fellows could walk into and out of the grosvenor square house anytime he chose . 
 fellows mostly did n't choose , but he 'd relaxed enough in the last few years to realize that taking hart up on his hospitality could be convenient . 
 since hart 's marriage to lady eleanor ramsay last april , it had become even more convenient . 
 eleanor knew everyone . 
 she not only knew them but knew everything about them . 
 if anyone could tell fellows about the people at the richmond party , it was eleanor . 
 fellows took an omnibus to hyde park , then walked through the park to park lane and north . 
 this took time , but fellows liked to think as he walked , and he enjoyed the open green spaces of the park . 
 for fellows the boy , london 's city parks had been his idea of pristine countryside . 
 he 'd sneak away from home and play in hyde park , st. james 's park , green park , or holland park , until someone reported an urchin in their garden spaces , and a constable chased him away . 
 on park lane , whose giant houses grew more ostentatious by the year , he noted a moving van outside the mansion formerly belonging to sir lyndon mather . 
 it must have been sold yet again-that made three times in the last three years . 
 unlucky , that house must be . 
 fellows had never liked mather , though mather had inadvertently guided fellows to the right path to solving the high holborn murders . 
 nothing about that case had ended up as fellows had ever dreamed it would . 
 it had led , indirectly , to him meeting lady louisa scranton . 
 fellows turned onto upper brook street and walked to grosvenor square and hart 's house . 
 hart 's first footman had the door open for fellows before he reached it . 
 `` good afternoon , sir , '' the footman said , reaching to relieve fellows of his coat and hat as fellows stepped into the wide front hall . 
 a staircase wound up through the middle of the house , spring sunshine lighting it from windows at each landing . 
 the balustrade was elegance itself , the airy space quiet , beautiful , and at peace . 
 fellows ' father had lived here . 
 the old duke had walked up and down these stairs , no doubt growling at his footmen and butler to jump to do whatever he commanded . 
 hart had traversed the stairs as well , as the boy fellows remembered from that day on the street when fellows had pummeled the duke , the duke had beaten him , and hart had given fellows a coin . 
 hart did n't remember the encounter-at least he 'd never mentioned it . 
 fellows had never mentioned it either . 
 fellows wondered briefly if the stern-faced hart had ever slid down the banisters as a boy . 
 hart had been wild in his youth , so perhaps he had . 
 then again , he 'd always maintained strict control over himself , so maybe he 'd forgone the pleasure . 
 `` her grace is in the morning room upstairs , '' the stately butler who stood at the bottom of the stairs said . 
 fellows shook himself out of his woolgathering and returned to the task at hand . 
 he thanked the butler , mounted two flights of stairs , and made for the sunny sitting room at the rear of the house . 
 he knew the way , because whenever fellows visited , eleanor insisted they have tea in her sitting room . 
 eleanor had redecorated this room after she 'd married hart , filling it with peach and cream colors , comfortable furniture , soft carpets , and mac 's paintings . 
 a cozy retreat , filled with feminine grace . 
 one of the mackenzie dogs , old ben , was generally in residence . 
 the hound liked to curl up near the fire in the winter , or lie on his back in a sunbeam in the warmer months . 
 old ben was there now , his soft doggy snore sounding between the words of the women sitting together , april sunshine touching them both . 
 one lady was the duchess-eleanor . 
 the other was louisa . 
 chapter seven louisa got to her feet . 
 fellows could n't force his gaze from her , even though eleanor was also rising , coming toward him , a smile on her face . 
 louisa wore cream and peach like the colors in the room , a fall of soft lace at the neckline of her bodice . 
 red ringlets of hair straggled against her throat , making him want to lift them and lick the soft skin beneath . 
 `` so kind of you to call , dearest lloyd , '' eleanor said . 
 she walked past louisa , who stood unmoving , and reached out for him . 
 eleanor took fellows ' hands , rose on her tiptoes , and kissed his cheek . 
 the mackenzie women were impulsively affectionate , and fellows had learned to tolerate them . 
 cameron advised him to take it like a man , though hart seemed to understand fellows ' discomfiture . 
 louisa was in no way inclined to come forward and join the welcoming kisses . 
 she barely gave fellows a civil nod . 
 `` sit down and have coffee , '' eleanor said , still holding his hands . 
 `` i know you loathe tea . '' 
 she half dragged fellows toward the sofa where louisa had sunk down again . 
 fellows broke away from eleanor and moved to a balloon-backed chair at the writing table . 
 the fact that it had been turned around to face the ladies meant someone else had been using it and recently departed . 
 eleanor saw his assessment . 
 `` you 've missed hart . 
 he 's off to tell the house of lords what to do . 
 he so enjoys it . '' 
 hart mackenzie at one time had departed the house of lords in a quest to become prime minister . 
 he 'd backed away from that for eleanor , for his family , for his life . 
 but he still enjoyed politics , and according to the newspapers , was a force to be reckoned with . 
 fellows waited for both ladies to sit down again before he took his seat . 
 his mother had taught fellows that much-no , had shouted manners into him . 
 no one was going to say her son had the manners of gutter trash , she 'd declare . 
 he was going to rise above himself , he was . 
 did n't he have a duke 's blood in his veins ? 
 `` now , then , '' eleanor said . 
 she poured coffee from a pot , handed the cup to louisa , who had been sitting in stiff silence , and indicated she should take it to fellows . 
 louisa had to rise to do it , and fellows sprang to his feet . 
 they met halfway across the carpet , louisa holding out the cup and saucer , fellows reaching for it politely . 
 the look louisa gave him was anything but polite . 
 she was enraged , her eyes smoldering with it . 
 she was angry at eleanor , and she was angry at fellows . 
 fellows closed his hands around the cup . 
 louisa quickly let it go , making certain their fingers did n't touch . 
 she turned from him and sought the sofa before fellows had the chance to say a word . 
 `` you 've come to tell us about the investigation , '' eleanor said once louisa had resumed her seat . 
 fellows sank to the chair again , balancing the coffee . 
 he had n't come here for that , but he did n't argue . 
 `` my sergeant and i have interviewed everyone who was at the garden party , some of them twice . 
 i looked over hargate 's flat in piccadilly , but found nothing to suggest he 'd angered someone enough for them to poison him . 
 i will speak again to those who were closest to the tea tent . 
 unfortunately , no one saw anything . 
 they were too busy talking , drinking , and wagering on the upcoming croquet match . '' 
 `` that sounds typical , '' eleanor said . 
 `` high society takes its croquet seriously . '' 
 fellows thought he heard louisa make a small noise in her throat , but he could n't be certain . 
 `` no one claims to have seen anything , at least not what they 'd say to the police . 
 but the person louisa glimpsed made certain to escape on the side of the tent facing the empty meadow , so we 're not surprised no one saw him . '' 
 he said the lie without a flinch . 
 louisa did n't flinch either but focused rigidly on her teacup . 
 `` what about the poison ? '' 
 eleanor went on . 
 `` how was it administered ? 
 in the tea ? '' 
 she waved her own teacup fearlessly . 
 `` traces of prussic acid were found on the broken pieces of teacup the bishop held . 
 none in louisa 's . '' 
 that had been a great relief . 
 even if she 'd drunk from her cup , louisa would have been safe . 
 on the other hand , the fact that she 'd by chance chosen the innocent cup woke fellows up at night cold with fear . 
 what was to say the poison had n't been meant for louisa in truth ? 
 perhaps hargate had poisoned the cup himself then drunk the wrong one by accident . 
 or had there been no target-only a madman waiting to see which guest dropped dead ? 
 either way , louisa had survived a close call . 
 fellows , who had n't prayed since he 'd been a boy and forced to church on occasion , had sent up true thanks to god for that . 
 `` no poison in the teapot , then ? '' 
 eleanor asked . 
 `` none . 
 in the bishop 's teacup only . '' 
 fellows took a sip of coffee , which was rich and full , the best in the world . 
 of course it was . 
 `` lady louisa , since you are here , i 'd like you to tell me-think carefully-why you picked up that particular cup to hand to the bishop . '' 
 louisa lifted her shoulders in a faint shrug . 
 `` it was the easiest to reach . '' 
 her voice was tight , as though she had n't used it for some time and hoped she would n't have to . 
 `` a clean one , placed on a tray . 
 i had to reach all the way across the table for one for me . 
 i poured hargate 's first , to be polite . '' 
 `` so , if hargate had gone into the tea tent alone , or someone else had , and wanted tea , they 'd have reached first for that cup ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it would have been natural . '' 
 louisa paled a little . 
 `` how horrible . '' 
 `` deliberately killing another person so cold-bloodedly and letting an innocent receive the blame , that is horrible , yes . '' 
 and too close to home . 
 fellows wanted the man-or woman-who 'd done this . 
 he 'd explain to them , slowly and thoroughly , how they 'd enraged him , and what that would mean for them . 
 he turned to eleanor , who 'd listened to all this with interest in her blue eyes . 
 `` i 've come to ask you , eleanor , to tell me about hargate . 
 i want to know who were his friends , his enemies , and why someone would want to poison him . '' 
 `` so you are taking the assumption that he was indeed the target ? '' 
 eleanor asked . 
 `` in a murder like this , even if it seems arbitrary , malice is usually directed at one person in particular , '' fellows said . 
 `` if the killer wanted to cause chaos and much harm , he 'd have poisoned the entire pot , or all the cups . 
 not just one , for one person alone . '' 
 louisa shivered . 
 `` gruesome . '' 
 `` the world is a gruesome place , '' fellows said to her . 
 he wanted to shove aside his coffee , go to louisa , sit next to her , put his arms around her , and hold her until her shaking stopped . 
 `` it never will be safe , as much as we tell ourselves we can control danger or even hide from it . '' 
 louisa looked back at him , her green eyes holding an equal mixture of fear and anger . 
 he liked seeing the anger , which meant she had n't yet been broken by this ordeal . 
 but there would be much more to come . 
 fellows longed to comfort her , to shield her from the horrors , to kiss her hair and tell her he 'd make everything all right for her . 
 but at the moment , he was trapped into being the good policeman , with no business wanting to touch her , hold her , kiss her . 
 he made himself drag his gaze from louisa and continue . 
 `` now , eleanor , tell me about hargate . '' 
 eleanor 's eyes widened . 
 `` what information can i give you ? 
 louisa knew him much better than i did . 
 she 'll have to answer . '' 
 louisa shot her a look that would have burned a lesser woman . 
 eleanor sipped tea and paid no attention . 
 `` i did n't know him all that well , '' louisa said , when it was clear eleanor would say nothing more . 
 `` he was ambitious and became a bishop rather young , and he had family connections that helped him . 
 but everyone knows this . '' 
 `` he was charming too , '' eleanor said . 
 `` at least , some people thought so . 
 i never found him to be , but i 'm told he had a persuasive way about him . 
 he charmed his way into every living he held , apparently . 
 the only person who ever blocked him was louisa 's father , earl scranton , and he and hargate had words over it . '' 
 so had every single person fellows interviewed told him ; they 'd told him as well that earl scranton had later taken much of hargate 's money in fraudulent schemes . 
 `` why did your father cause problems for him over the living ? '' 
 fellows asked louisa . 
 louisa shrugged , looking past him and out the window . 
 `` father did n't approve of young men getting above themselves . 
 the living at scranton is quite prosperous , and hargate wanted it . 
 he was the honorable frederick lane then . 
 my father did n't like him and did n't want him to be the local vicar . 
 he found hargate foppish , and said he preferred an older clergyman . '' 
 `` simple as that ? '' 
 fellows asked . 
 `` as simple as that . '' 
 louisa looked at him again , her eyes green like polished jade . 
 `` hargate was angry , of course , but once he began his rise to power , he forgave my father . 
 well , he said , rather deprecatingly , that taking my father 's church would have held him back , so it was all for the best . '' 
 `` forgave him enough to let your father invest money for him ? '' 
 fellows asked . 
 louisa 's smile was thin and forced . 
 `` investing with my father became the fashionable thing to do . 
 everyone wanted to say they 'd of course entrusted their money to earl scranton . '' 
 all the worse when the scheme came tumbling down . 
 `` and hargate was angry when everything fell apart ? '' 
 eleanor broke in . 
 `` of course he was . 
 so many were , unfortunately . 
 but when i spoke to hargate earlier this season , he seemed unconcerned about it . 
 no grudges there . 
 but hargate 's family have always given him piles of money , even though he was the second son , and he never had to worry much about the ready . 
 seems to me hargate led a charmed life . 
 he would have found a seat in the house of lords soon and lived happily ever after . 
 well , happy except for being a bit bullied by hart . 
 but then his luck ran out , poor man . '' 
 `` and i need to find out who killed him , and quickly . 
 that 's why i 've come to you for help , '' fellows said , looking at eleanor . 
 eleanor contrived to look surprised again . 
 `` i do n't know what i can do . '' 
 she did know , but she was making fellows spell it out . 
 `` you know everyone . 
 when i talk to them , they see a policeman prying into their affairs . 
 no , do n't bother telling me i 'm one of the family and they should treat me as though i 'm a true mackenzie . 
 i 'm the illegitimate son and always will be . 
 when you talk to them , they see their friend lady eleanor ramsay . 
 they 'll tell you things they 'd never dream of telling me . '' 
 `` and then i report it all to you . '' 
 eleanor gave him a severe look . 
 `` you are asking me to spy on my friends . '' 
 `` i am , yes . '' 
 eleanor 's severe look vanished , and she beamed a smile . 
 `` sounds delightful . 
 when do i begin ? '' 
 `` as soon as you can . '' 
 `` hmm , isabella 's supper ball would be a good place to start . 
 absolutely everyone will be there . 
 she 's hired assembly rooms for it , because her house is far too small for such a grand event-even this house is n't large enough to hold the entire upper echelon of english society . 
 besides , hart has become quite tedious about having any large affairs here now that there 's a baby in the house , although i - '' eleanor broke off when a small cry-more of a grunt-invaded the silence , even over old ben 's snores . 
 fellows saw now what he 'd missed by focusing all his attention on louisa-a bassinet hidden behind the sofa , its interior shielded from the sunshine by a light cloth . 
 eleanor rose immediately , went to the bassinet , and lifted out a small body in a long nightgown . 
 `` here 's my little man , '' she cooed , her voice filling with vast fondness . 
 `` forgive my abruptness , dear friends , but i wanted to pick up my son before he started howling . 
 he can shatter the windows , can little alec . '' 
 fellows had risen automatically as soon as eleanor left her seat . 
 eleanor lifted the boy high , gazing at him in pure rapture . 
 `` did you have a good nap , alec ? 
 look , uncle lloyd has come to see you . '' 
 eleanor turned the baby and held him out to fellows . 
 fellows looked at a sleep-flushed face , tousled red-gold hair , and the eyes of hart mackenzie . 
 at the age of four months , alec-lord hart alec mackenzie , eleanor and hart 's firstborn-already had the hazel-golden mackenzie eyes and the look of arrogant command of every mackenzie male . 
 as fellows stood still , unwilling to reach for this little bundle he might drop , alec 's face scrunched into a fierce scowl . 
 then he opened his mouth , and roared . 
 fellows had heard plenty of children cry in hunger , in fear , or in want of simple attention . 
 alec 's bellowing possessed the strength of his highland ancestors , calling out for blood . 
 old ben woke up with a snort , looking around in concern . 
 eleanor laughed , turned alec , and cuddled him close . 
 `` there , now , alec . 
 the inspector ca n't help looking at you like that . 
 he scrutinizes everyone so . '' 
 alec 's cries quieted as he snuggled into his mother 's shoulder . 
 ben huffed again then laid his large head back down . 
 `` if you 'll excuse me , '' eleanor said . 
 `` i must return this lad to the nursery for his afternoon feeding . 
 tell louisa what you wish me to do , and thank you for keeping us up on the matter . '' 
 so saying , she gathered alec tighter and breezed out of the room before fellows could say a word . 
 the closing door left him alone with louisa . 
 she looked up from her place on the sofa to where fellows stood , awkwardly holding his coffee cup . 
 `` you may leave if you wish , '' louisa said . 
 she wanted him to , that was plain . 
 fellows remained standing but set down the coffee . 
 `` i 'm glad to report i was able to make the investigation turn its focus from you , '' he said , trying to sound brisk and businesslike . 
 `` you 're not to be arrested unless there 's evidence solid enough to bring you before the magistrate . 
 the coroner and my chief super do n't want to risk putting an earl 's daughter in jail unless the chance of making the charges stick is very high . 
 i 've convinced my sergeant and my guv that the story of the man escaping from under the tent wall is true . '' 
 `` it 's very good of you . '' 
 such a stiff and formal response from the woman he wanted to gaze at him in soft delight . 
 his heart burned . 
 `` no , it 's very bad of me to lie to my own men , but i am trying to keep you out of newgate . '' 
 `` and i am grateful to you , make no mistake . '' 
 `` but angry you have to be grateful to me , '' fellows said , his words brittle . 
 `` no , not angry . 
 it 's just ... '' louisa heaved a sigh , pushed herself to her feet , and paced the sunny room . 
 ben watched her without raising his head . 
 `` i 'm confused . 
 i do n't know what to do , or how to think or feel . 
 how i should think or feel . 
 or how to behave . '' 
 `` it 's a bad business , '' fellows said tightly . 
 `` and now you 're trying to help me , and i 'm being horribly rude . 
 i ... '' louisa swung around , her peach and cream skirts swishing . 
 `` nothing in my life has prepared me for this . 
 even papa defrauding all his friends was not as difficult to understand-you 'd be appalled how many wealthy gentlemen are bad at simple business matters . 
 but watching a man die and then being accused of killing him-that i have no idea how to parry . '' 
 `` being accused ? '' 
 fellows asked sharply . 
 `` has someone said that to you ? '' 
 `` no , but they are all thinking it . 
 i can feel them thinking it . 
 out there . '' 
 she waved her hand at the windows . 
 `` even you think it . '' 
 `` i do n't . 
 that 's why i 'm trying to find the culprit . '' 
 `` if you did n't have a doubt , you would n't go to such pains to keep me from being arrested . '' 
 fellows stepped in front of her , forcing her to stop . 
 `` let me make this clear to you , louisa . 
 you 're right that everything at this moment points to you . 
 but if you believe our system of justice will prove your innocence , only because you 're innocent , you are wrong . 
 if a judge gets it into his head that you 're a giddy young woman who goes around poisoning potential suitors , nothing will change his mind , not the best barrister , not the jury . 
 most of the judges at the old bailey are about a hundred years old and regard young women as either temptresses or fools . 
 would you like to face one of them ? 
 or a gallery of eager people off the streets , coming to mock you ? 
 journalists writing about what you look like standing in the dock ? 
 every expression , every gesture you make ? '' 
 louisa 's face lost color . 
 `` no , of course not . '' 
 `` then let me do my job and keep you out of court . 
 i wish you did n't hate me for it , but if the price of keeping you free is your hatred , so be it . '' 
 and a hard price to pay it was . 
 louisa 's eyes glittered with tears . 
 `` no , i do n't hate you . 
 you must know that . 
 i never could . '' 
 she was too beautiful . 
 her hair was coming down in soft little ringlets , the red shining in the april sunshine . 
 many english aristocratic families had anglo-saxon ancestry , and it was evident in louisa-pale skin , bright hair , eyes of brilliant green . 
 fellows could drown himself in her beauty and never want to come up for air . 
 he caught her hands . 
 the touch of her warm flesh sent his heart pounding and swept away the last fragment of his self-discipline . 
 he pulled her by her fisted hands against him , her soft body becoming the focus of his world . 
 fellows heard nothing , saw nothing but her beautiful face and eyes , her lips parting as he came down to her . 
 the first taste was intoxicating . 
 sweetness clung to louisa 's lips from the tea she 'd drunk , laced with sugar and cream . 
 he needed more . 
 fellows opened her mouth with his , sweeping his tongue inside . 
 louisa made a noise in her throat , and clutched the lapels on his coat . 
 she kissed him clumsily , unpracticed , but eager . 
 she smelled of lilacs and dusty silk , and a warmth that was all louisa . 
 they were alone in silence and sunshine . 
 fellows slid his arms around her , finding the curve of her waist . 
 her bodice 's smooth fabric was thin , the bones of her corset the only barrier between him and her soft skin . 
 if he could strip away the layers of her-satin , lawn , lace-and touch her , he knew he 'd fill the gaping hole in his life . 
 she was against him now , her br ** sts to his chest , her fingers tightening on his coat . 
 fellows tasted more of her . 
 her lips were soft , hot , but seeking , learning ... wanting . 
 he was hard for her , growing harder by the second . 
 i need her . 
 i would do anything ... a sound outside the door made fellows break the kiss . 
 louisa backed away , her eyes wide , breath coming fast . 
 fellows let her go , finding his fists clenched , his heart pounding , raw emotion tearing at his control . 
 but he needed control . 
 they were in the duke of kilmorgan 's london house , with servants moving to and fro outside the door , the lady of the house likely to enter at any moment . 
 eleanor had slyly left them alone , but if she opened the door and found virginal louisa in fellows ' arms , he ravishing her mouth , even eleanor would n't be able to look the other way . 
 louisa 's fingers went to her lips . 
 the first time she 'd kissed him , she 'd smiled warmly at him . 
 the second time , fellows had left her abruptly and had n't seen her reaction . 
 now louisa looked stunned , even ashamed . 
 fellows made himself move around her to the door . 
 he knew he should say something , a polite good-bye , but he could n't . 
 politeness had gone to hell and did n't matter . 
 he found his hand shaking as he reached for the door handle , then he was in the hall , and going down the stairs , the encounter over . 
 no , not over . 
 fellows might have left louisa behind , but he felt her hot kiss linger on his lips for the rest of the day and on into the night . 
 *** `` why are n't you coming , exactly ? '' 
 louisa asked eleanor six hours later . 
 `` because i am quite unwell . '' 
 eleanor lounged on a sofa in her bedchamber , looking perfectly healthy as she bounced alec on her knees . 
 she wore a dressing gown instead of a ball gown , and was nowhere near ready to leave for isabella 's supper ball . 
 louisa in her finery had arrived at eleanor and hart 's , having agreed that hart and eleanor would escort her tonight . 
 a young , unmarried lady did not go to a ball alone . 
 when louisa had argued that she could simply ride over to the assembly rooms with isabella , eleanor had negated the idea . 
 if louisa went with isabella , she would be the sister working behind the scenes , not the young , eligible earl 's daughter announced to the crowd arriving with the duke and duchess of kilmorgan . 
 louisa had also questioned the need for them all to leave from the grosvenor square house-hart and eleanor could collect her from isabella 's on their way . 
 but no , eleanor wanted them all to be seen leaving from the ducal mansion . 
 she seemed adamant . 
 usually it was easier to simply agree with eleanor when she was determined , because she could talk any argument to death-eleanor would go off onto many and varied tangents until everyone forgot what the original disagreement had been . 
 what eleanor wanted was n't unreasonable , so louisa had given in before eleanor had time to launch into one of her impossible speeches . 
 but now it seemed that louisa was to go to the ball escorted by hart , beth , and ian , while eleanor remained at home to nurse a cold . 
 cold , my foot . 
 louisa said , `` you do remember that mr. fellows asked you to converse tonight with the guests from the garden party ? '' 
 `` oh , you can do that , dear . 
 and beth can help you . 
 she 's very good at making others open up . '' 
 that , at least was true . 
 beth , married to the elusive ian mackenzie , was good at winning people over . 
 but the thought of approaching the garden party guests unnerved louisa a bit . 
 `` hart will be annoyed , '' louisa tried . 
 `` hart prefers i stay indoors and make my apologies if i do n't feel well . 
 he never dances at balls anyway , and if he does not have to worry about me there , he 's free to spend the time coercing gentlemen into doing things for him . 
 he so enjoys that . 
 and he does not mind in the slightest escorting you . 
 he calls you the only sensible woman in the family . '' 
 flattering from hart , who tolerated so very few . 
 `` hardly kind to you or the other mackenzie ladies , '' louisa said . 
 `` hart also enjoys being rude . 
 but in this case , i agree with him . 
 run along , dear . '' 
 eleanor blew her a kiss . 
 `` you look absolutely beautiful in that gown . 
 isabella has wonderful taste , does she not ? 
 and it strikes just the right note . '' 
 the gown was indeed beautiful . 
 isabella had taken louisa to her modiste at the beginning of the season to have louisa fitted with an entire wardrobe , and had insisted on paying for the lot . 
 louisa had kept her protests to a minimum . 
 she did n't want to be ungrateful for her sister 's kindness , she did need the clothes , and also , it was true , isabella had exquisite taste . 
 the ball gown for tonight was a cream and light sage green confection , the decolletage baring louisa 's shoulders , the satin of the bodice hugging her waist . 
 the underskirt was draped with cream lace , with a shimmering sage moire overskirt pulled back and puffed over a bustle . 
 the gown spoke of spring and light breezes , and set off louisa 's red hair and green eyes to perfection . 
 louisa crossed the room , leaned down , and kissed eleanor 's cheek . 
 she had no worry about catching eleanor 's cold-she had as much chance of flying out the window . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're up to , but i 'll go , '' louisa said . 
 she pressed a kiss to alec 's forehead . 
 the lad clutched at her hair , but louisa gently untangled his tiny fingers , kissed him again , and left them . 
 hart waited outside the front door at the carriage , stepping back so louisa could be handed in first . 
 he did not look pleased , but he greeted louisa civilly enough and handed her into the landau himself . 
 louisa understood now why eleanor had asked her to come to the house tonight-with louisa here , hart would not steadfastly refuse to go without eleanor . 
 eleanor apparently counted on his sympathy and liking for louisa to override his annoyance , an event that would be more certain if he had louisa standing before him . 
 beth and ian were already in the coach , sitting opposite each other . 
 beth gave louisa a warm hello and squeezed her hand as louisa sat down beside her . 
 beth was with child again , already about four months gone , though her gown had been made to not show it yet . 
 louisa was surprised she 'd wanted to come tonight , but beth was a strong and resilient woman who loved soaking up enjoyment from isabella 's parties . 
 ian had his head turned , gazing out the window at passing traffic , and said nothing at all . 
 louisa knew him well enough not to be offended-ian might be thinking deeply about some mathematical conundrum and not even realize she 'd entered the carriage . 
 hart swung in next to his youngest brother , a footman shut the door , and the carriage lurched into traffic . 
 the two gentlemen rode in the rear-facing seat , leaving the front-facing one for the ladies . 
 louisa put aside her mixed feelings about the ball and studied the two mackenzie men . 
 both wore formal frock coats and waistcoats , wool kilts of mackenzie blue and green plaid , thick socks , and finely crafted leather shoes . 
 the landau was generously sized , plenty of room for all , but was still crowded by the two large scotsmen . 
 the brothers were much alike and yet entirely different . 
 hart was the most reminiscent of their highland ancestors , with his hard face and arrogance-an arrogance louisa had seen soften a long way since he 'd married eleanor . 
 now behind the imperious glint in hart 's eyes was the look of a man who 'd found happiness . 
 rest . 
 peace . 
 love . 
 ian too had found peace . 
 he still possessed a restless energy , one that could focus with amazing precision on whatever task he wanted to undertake . 
 ian could dive into a complex , impossible mathematical problem , close his eyes , and find the solution in his head . 
 he 'd become so famous for this that mathematicians , physicists , and astronomers throughout europe wrote to him for advice . 
 ian had come to love with great difficulty , but once he 'd found beth , his life had blossomed . 
 he was still shy , preferring to spend time home alone with beth and his children , or at most , with his extended family . 
 he did n't like crowds , and he had the unnerving tendency to spring into a conversation with a non sequitur-though his declarations made perfect sense once louisa worked out how he 'd arrived at that particular statement . 
 louisa liked ian , finding him a unique man in the midst of a society that strove for perfect sameness . 
 she thought him refreshing . 
 perhaps the same sort of interest in the unique was what drew her to inspector fellows . 
 she did n't want to think of him at the moment , but she had n't been able to think about much except him after the searing kiss in eleanor 's sitting room this afternoon . 
 this kiss he had instigated , though louisa had instantly and readily succumbed . 
 she could still feel the press of his lips , his hard muscles under his coat , the strength of his hands as he held her . 
 fellows had broken the kiss and abruptly walked away , and louisa could n't blame him for that . 
 he was trying to investigate a murder , and she should let him get on with his job . 
 their mouths falling together every time they were alone had to cease . 
 they needed to be comfortable with each other , friends . 
 friends . 
 the word sounded so empty . 
 the landau halted in the street , a little way from the assembly rooms , inching forward with the line of carriages depositing guests at the door . 
 so many carriages , so many people . 
 as they at last reached the entrance , and a footman snapped open the door , realization struck louisa with an ice-cold slap . 
 eleanor had sent louisa to go among those from the garden party and ask questions because she wanted louisa to report directly to fellows herself . 
 it would stand to reason , el would explain in all innocence . 
 louisa had asked the questions ; she would best know how to relate the answers . 
 the glint in eleanor 's eye , her secret smile , her decision to leave louisa and fellows alone in the sitting room this afternoon ... louisa wanted to groan with dismay . 
 eleanor was a romantic-the only explanation for how she 'd remained in love with hart all these years . 
 now she was inventing a romance for louisa . 
 louisa hid her disquiet under a sunny smile for hart , who held out his arm to her . 
 hart shot her a look of grave suspicion then schooled his expression to a neutral one and led her inside . 
 chapter eight `` lord and lady ian mackenzie , '' the majordomo announced . 
 `` the duke of kilmorgan , lady louisa scranton . '' 
 the assembly rooms , giant spaces with tall , arched ceilings and wide chandeliers that dripped with crystal facets , already teemed with people . 
 the ladies glittered under the light-diamonds , emeralds , rubies , and sapphires flashing rainbow colors on gowns of equally rainbow shades . 
 gentlemen and lords in white ties and flowing black coats moved among their ladies . 
 everyone within hearing range of the majordomo 's booming voice turned to watch the duke and his party arrive . 
 any other night , lord ian and his nobody wife , beth , might have been the object of scrutiny . 
 tonight , all eyes focused on louisa . 
 the weight of their stares fell on her . 
 the looks ranged from pure curiosity to sordid interest to outright disgust and disapproval . 
 here was a young woman who probably had poisoned the bishop of hargate , and she arrived bold as you please on the arm of the lofty duke of kilmorgan . 
 yes , he was her sister 's brother-in-law , but she was using him to shield her , was n't she ? 
 a proper young woman , who was an unmarried miss no less , should stay home and show the shame she ought . 
 the stares followed louisa , in a pause that would have been awkward had not an orchestra already been playing to entertain the arrivals . 
 louisa 's pretty heeled slippers now seemed too tight , her dress too garish . 
 hart 's solid arm was the only thing that kept her upright as they moved to the receiving line . 
 hart , not oblivious to the scrutiny , leaned to her and spoke in a low voice . 
 `` face them down and to hell with them . '' 
 hart straightened up again , saying nothing more , but louisa felt a little better . 
 she drew a breath , rearranged her expression , and smiled warmly at a knot of young ladies who stared openly at her . 
 hart was right , as usual . 
 louisa could do this . 
 after all , she had n't killed hargate , and she had nothing to be ashamed of . 
 `` good girl , '' hart said . 
 he gave her arm a pat with his strong hand . 
 they reached their host and hostess , mac and isabella , who stood at the top of the long line of guests . 
 isabella 's dark blue satin ball gown was elegance itself , but she was careful not to outshine the other women present . 
 her role as hostess was to make the ladies of the ton feel welcome and special , not belittled , and isabella took that role very seriously . 
 she gathered louisa into a hug and kissed her cheek before she grasped hart 's hands and kissed him as well . 
 isabella did n't seem surprised in the least that eleanor had not come with them . 
 louisa frowned at her , but isabella turned away to greet beth and ian before louisa could say a word . 
 `` i 'm glad you braved it . '' 
 mac squeezed louisa 's hands in his large ones before he kissed her cheek . 
 `` remember , louisa , we are always here to catch you . '' 
 they were , especially mac . 
 mac had been the one who 'd pulled isabella and louisa 's family out of the fire when earl scranton 's fraud had been found out . 
 if not for mac and his machinations , louisa 's family would never have survived . 
 `` thank you , mac , '' louisa said , heartfelt . 
 hart turned louisa loose once they 'd finished the greetings , he and ian making straight for the gaming rooms . 
 beth took louisa 's arm , and the two ladies headed for the withdrawing rooms to straighten gowns and repin hair . 
 this night should be the same as any other since louisa 's come out . 
 louisa knew as many people as isabella did , and even her father 's behavior had n't lost louisa her friends . 
 money ebbed and flowed , louisa had n't been to blame , it was vulgar to worry about finances anyway , and a good marriage could put everything right for her again . 
 louisa knew half the girls in london and was close friends with half of those-had been their bridesmaids , held their first children , gossiped with them , shared their memories of growing up in privileged mayfair and country estates . 
 louisa was not as well acquainted with the ladies who happened to be in the withdrawing rooms , but though they stared , they softened under beth 's friendly smile-most people did . 
 louisa began to relax . 
 as long as everyone was polite , the ball would be fine . 
 louisa left for the main assembly rooms with beth and quickly spied a knot of her friends . 
 they were watching her , none of them making any pretense about staring at her and murmuring to each other . 
 louisa felt suddenly chilled . 
 hart 's words came back to her . 
 face them down and to hell with them . 
 nothing for it . 
 louisa could not cling to beth all night . 
 she slid away from beth as beth turned to other guests , and approached the ladies and gentlemen clustered together , watching her come . 
 `` adele , how are you ? '' 
 louisa held out her hands to a young woman she 'd known since they 'd been toddlers . 
 `` what a lovely gown . 
 you are all the rage tonight . '' 
 lady adele returned louisa 's kiss on the cheek , but stiffly . 
 `` we hardly thought to see you here tonight , louisa . '' 
 `` i did mean to stay home-i 've been rather upset , as you might have guessed-but my sister coaxed me out . 
 i could n't refuse her , when she had her heart set . '' 
 louisa smiled , as though to say , what can you do with older sisters ? 
 `` of course , but louisa ... '' adele smiled , but the smile was cool and condescending . 
 `` in spite of everything , you have never been anything but tasteful . '' 
 implying louisa was not being tasteful now . 
 louisa saw that the rest of the group agreed with adele . 
 she 'd known these people from childhood , had played in nurseries with them , ridden ponies with them , had made her debut with them . 
 she 'd flirted with the gentlemen , giggled with the ladies . 
 and now they gazed upon her as though she were a stranger from a remote land . 
 `` as i say , isabella wished me to see friends , '' louisa said , pretending not to notice . 
 `` she thought i 'd feel better in company . '' 
 `` it is a lovely gown , '' another lady said , looking louisa up and down . 
 `` very ... bright . '' 
 `` jane , '' louisa said , all but stopping herself from snarling at her . 
 `` you 've known me long enough to know i dislike hints and insinuations . 
 if you believe i should put on mourning and bury myself at home , say so clearly and have done . 
 i did not know the bishop of hargate and his family very well . 
 it 's a terrible thing that happened to him . 
 my sympathies lie with his family , of course , where they should . 
 it would be unfair to them for me to claim the entirety of the grief , as though what happened to the bishop was about me and my feelings alone . '' 
 jane flushed , but she remained resolute . 
 `` very well , louisa , i 'll be plain . 
 putting on a pretty new dress and sailing in all cheerful as though nothing had happened is n't quite the thing , is it ? '' 
 `` i am anything but cheerful , '' louisa said , striving to keep her tone even . 
 `` my sister thought the gown would put me in better spirits . 
 she and my sisters-in-law convinced me to come , because they thought i should go out and see people . 
 i 'm certain they believed i 'd find sympathy among my oldest and dearest friends . '' 
 instead of being admonished , the ladies and gentlemen looked annoyed , and adele laughed . 
 `` louisa , my dear , it 's becoming a dangerous thing to be your friend . '' 
 one of the gentlemen laughed as well . 
 the four young men behind the ladies were those she 'd played tag with in the meadows of kent and danced with after her come out . 
 one gentleman looked at louisa as though he 'd never seen her before , and another was glancing about for a way to escape without appearing rude . 
 `` i do beg your pardon for my sister jane , '' the gentleman who 'd laughed said . 
 `` you see , mama has told her-and me-to stay away from you . 
 i 'm afraid your dance card wo n't be very full tonight . 
 word is circulating that you 're poison . '' 
 he laughed again , proud he 'd made a joke . 
 `` you are n't funny , samuel , '' jane said . 
 `` but it 's true , louisa . 
 we have been advised to keep our distance . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 louisa 's chest tightened as she looked at them , finding no sympathy in their faces . 
 `` i see now what years of friendship can count for . '' 
 she 'd cared for adele and jane , but their expressions were stony tonight , all caring gone . 
 `` not their fault , '' samuel said . 
 `` it 's just that murder is so sordid . 
 not the done thing , you know . '' 
 he mimed stabbing with a knife , still grinning . 
 `` i did nothing to him . '' 
 louisa gave samuel a hard look . 
 `` i had hoped my closest friends would believe me . '' 
 `` it does n't matter , does it ? '' 
 samuel asked . 
 `` no chap is going to risk being at your side tonight , louisa darling . 
 he 'll always worry about taking a sip of his tea , or his claret , or his port , or his brandy , or his - '' `` what the devil is this ? '' 
 a new voice said . 
 louisa started , and looked around to see the honorable gilbert franklin , who 'd stopped in time to hear the last comments . 
 gilbert was one of louisa 's oldest friends-they 'd lived next door to each other as children , and louisa had been maid of honor to gil 's sister last summer . 
 she had n't seen much of either of them since , until gil had turned up at mrs. leigh-waters ' now-infamous garden party . 
 gilbert cast a disparaging gaze over the little group . 
 `` are you telling me , sam , that after all these years , you still have no idea how to behave to a lady ? 
 i believe that in this glorious england , we think a person innocent of a crime until proven otherwise , do we not ? 
 does n't louisa deserve that same faith ? 
 or at the very least , your respect ? '' 
 gil spoke in pleasant tones , as he always did , but his look was sharp , his words direct . 
 samuel had the grace to be abashed . 
 gilbert was well liked , and now the others looked embarrassed , no longer laughing . 
 `` how are you , louisa ? '' 
 gil stuck out his hand and squeezed louisa 's when she put hers into his . 
 `` i 'm happy to see you tonight . 
 i know you have been painfully upset , and i 'll wager none of these louts have decided to rally ` round and make you feel better . '' 
 adele bridled . 
 `` really , gil . '' 
 `` yes , really , del , '' gil said . 
 `` i never thought you so heartless . 
 louisa , i believe the first set is forming in the ballroom . 
 will you do me the honor ? 
 and if your dance card has remained empty tonight , i will happily fill it . '' 
 the others had gone deathly silent . 
 gil 's strong fingers remained around louisa 's hand . 
 louisa 's heart pounded . 
 every part of her had been wanting to flee back across mayfair to the sanctuary of isabella 's house , where she could go up to the nursery and make herself feel better sitting with the children . 
 being around isabella 's children always comforted her , and they did not believe her a murderess . 
 now gil 's wash of sympathy nearly undid her . 
 he was handing louisa a lifeline , coming to her rescue . 
 refusing him and running would be as churlish as adele and her friends were being to louisa . 
 the hon. gil was well liked , well-bred , well-dressed , attractive , wealthy , and intelligent . 
 his stamp of approval could save her life . 
 louisa smiled at him in true gratitude . 
 `` of course . 
 i would indeed love to dance . 
 excuse me , my friends . 
 i hope you enjoy isabella 's entertainments . '' 
 she would n't cut them dead , much as she longed to . 
 she would not be as petty as they were being . 
 she bowed graciously to the collective group , who had to return the bow or be forever branded as uncouth . 
 gil led louisa away , keeping such a quick pace she did n't have time to say anything to him until they stood in line for the opening dance , an old-fashioned country dance . 
 waltzing would take up the rest of the night-with pauses for scottish reels , since this was a mackenzie party after all-but isabella always opened her balls with country dances . 
 gil knew these dances as well as he knew everything else . 
 gil had always been there , in the background of louisa 's life , she now realized . 
 he 'd been brother to her dear friend , playing with the two girls as children , teaching them cricket in their adolescence , escorting them to parties after their come outs , quietly shrugging off their praise about his academic honors at university . 
 gil was the perfect gentleman , so perfect one did n't always notice him , because he did his best to efface himself and not push in front of others . 
 on the other hand , everyone in louisa 's set considered gil 's opinion highly important . 
 if gil had taken adele 's and samuel 's part this evening , her social ruin would have been assured . 
 the fact that gil had admonished them would be all over mayfair by the end of the set . 
 `` thank you for taking pity on me , '' louisa said as they came together in the dance . 
 `` nonsense , louisa , i meant every word of it . '' 
 `` nevertheless , it was kind . '' 
 gil gave her a warm smile . 
 `` you deserve much more than to be snubbed by samuel and jane , believe me . '' 
 the dance took them apart , but gil 's smile remained , like an anchor in the swirling madness . 
 louisa knew he 'd done her a great favor , simply from the goodness of his heart . 
 she 'd have to find a way to thank the man who 'd just saved her from being an outcast at her own sister 's ball . 
 *** how the devil hart had talked him into stuffing himself into this suit and walking into isabella mackenzie 's supper ball , fellows had no idea . 
 his mother had been all for it , though . 
 fellows had n't mentioned the invitation to his mother , because he knew exactly what she 'd say . 
 but isabella must have written to her , because she brought it up immediately when fellows had visited her earlier this evening . 
 the mackenzie wives had taken to writing to mrs. fellows , who loved receiving the letters from the women she termed the `` la-de-da ladies . '' 
 she read every single missive out to fellows , and she wrote back to them . 
 she 'd been invited to the ball as well , and she laughed about it . 
 `` imagine me in a ballroom with a bunch of toffs , '' she 'd said . 
 `` a right git i 'd look . 
 i was a tavern maid like me mum before me , and my sister was too , and that 's all there is to that . '' 
 she 'd softened . 
 `` it 's a kindness , i know . 
 they do n't really expect me to come . 
 but you , my boy-you go and show them there ai n't nothing wrong with you . 
 you 're the son of a duke , and you should have been the duke . 
 now you go and show lord hart you 're the better brother . '' 
 `` huh , '' fellows said , falling into the cadence of his youth . 
 `` a right git i 'll look in a fancy suit , mum , and you know it . '' 
 `` do n't throw my words back at me , boy . 
 you 're not so big i ca n't still smack you about . '' 
 catherine fellows was five feet high , a bit rotund from the ale she liked to drink , and had wrinkles lining her face from the laughter she loved so much . 
 lloyd towered over her with the tallness of the mackenzies , coupled with their strength . 
 `` you 're half my height , woman , '' fellows said , ruffling her hair fondly . 
 `` and you 've got the tongue of a viper . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 then i have half a mind to buy a posh dress and go to this do , just to show you . 
 i 'll drag you along by your ear , see if i do n't . '' 
 `` leave off , i 'm going . 
 and not because of you . 
 if you think you can scold , you 've not had the four mackenzie ladies stand in front of you and ask you why you did n't do what they asked . 
 frighten a man out of ten years ' growth , they can . '' 
 `` i think they 're sweet girls , '' catherine said , abruptly ceasing her bantering . 
 `` good manners . 
 so kind to me . 
 no , indeed , you ca n't disappoint them . '' 
 her look turned shrewd . 
 `` what about lady louisa ? 
 does she frighten you out of ten years ' growth ? '' 
 fellows often discussed his cases with his mother , who for all her talk about being only a tavern maid had good perception about her fellow man . 
 a lifetime of carrying about ale in a public house , she said , had honed her understanding . 
 in fellows ' opinion , she 'd have made an excellent detective if she 'd been born male . 
 her insights had helped him see a case clearly more than once . 
 those insights , unfortunately , made catherine realize that fellows viewed louisa as more than a suspect , and more than simply his sister-in-law 's younger sister . 
 he 'd been careful to bury the fact that he thought about louisa day and night , waking and sleeping . 
 every time he drew breath , in fact . 
 but fellows had learned long ago that he could never hide things from his mother . 
 `` let it lie , mum . '' 
 fellows leaned down and kissed her forehead . 
 `` you 're every bit as good as her , you know , '' catherine said . 
 `` your dad was a duke . 
 her dad was only an earl . 
 and now her distant cousin is earl , and stingy from what i hear . '' 
 `` i 'm a police detective , '' fellows said . 
 `` i 'm let into the great houses by the tradesman 's entrance . 
 that 's the end of it . '' 
 `` does n't have to be , '' catherine said . 
 fellows pretended not to hear , gave his mother another kiss , and departed . 
 back at his flat-four large rooms in a building off the strand that had recently been refurbished-he dressed in the coat and waistcoat eleanor had bullied him into being fitted for by hart 's tailor . 
 under that was a new lawn shirt , high collar , and cravat . 
 on bottom ... fellows studied the blue and green mackenzie plaid kilt laid out across his bed . 
 he 'd worn it before , at christmas at kilmorgan , feeling strange with wool wrapping his hips , air circulating his thighs . 
 scotsmen had to be mad . 
 but fellows was a scotsman , or at least half a scotsman , one of the family mackenzie . 
 he 'd spent his boyhood trying and failing to be acknowledged by them . 
 and then he 'd hated them . 
 the hatred had wound so long and so deep it was difficult to put aside . 
 he was tired of anger . 
 anger was a poison , leeching into a man and stealing everything he was . 
 while anger had allowed fellows to reach great heights in his profession , he 'd also jeopardized his career and even his life because of it . 
 now he might jeopardize louisa . 
 he put on the kilt and combed his hair , or tried to . 
 his hair never stayed put , the short strands going wherever they wished . 
 at least he 'd had time to shave . 
 nothing he could do about the healing bruises and nicks on his face , though . 
 evidence of his fight with the marylebone killer was still present . 
 the bruises were now turning yellow and green , the cuts scabbed over , but dark red . 
 if isabella did n't like them , he could n't help it . 
 she 'd already seen them anyway . 
 and louisa ? 
 she likely would n't be there . 
 fellows had told her not to go out until this was over , and louisa had seemed inclined to agree . 
 louisa had spirit , but she was no fool . 
 so it was with great shock that fellows walked into the assembly rooms to see louisa waltzing with a handsome young man , laughing up at him , her eyes bright , joy on her face . 
 chapter nine fellows had entered the assembly rooms through a side door , not wanting to endure the nonsense of the stiff-necked majordomo shouting his name to all present . 
 how bloody stupid would that sound ? 
 the duke and duchess of almond paste , the princess of peach pie , and ... er ... detective chief inspector lloyd fellows of scotland yard . 
 the company would suppose he 'd come to arrest someone . 
 if fellows could clap cuffs around the wrists of the young man dancing with louisa , he 'd do it in a trice . 
 fellows ' eyes narrowed as he assessed him . 
 expensively dressed-well , he would be if he 'd been invited here . 
 golden hair gleaming under the chandeliers , every strand of that hair in place . 
 handsome face , just hard enough not to be feminine , skin unmarred by bruises or cuts . 
 the young man danced with ease , gliding louisa around the ballroom without missing a step . 
 the perfect gentleman . 
 louisa looked up at her partner with laughter in her eyes , talking easily with him , smiling at him . 
 she looked relaxed and happy , not stiff and frightened as she had this afternoon when fellows had entered eleanor 's sitting room . 
 and then fellows had given up on discipline and kissed louisa . 
 hard . 
 she 'd gazed at him in anger and fear ... no wide smile , no sparkle in her eyes . 
 those were reserved for the young man currently with his hand on louisa 's waist . 
 a fist tightened around fellows ' heart until he could barely breathe . 
 something in the back of fellows ' mind told him to find his host and hostess , to speak to them , to pretend to be civilized . 
 but fellows could n't pull his gaze from louisa . 
 the rest of the ballroom did n't matter , nor did the people in it . 
 the only thing that existed was louisa dancing on light feet , tiny diamonds glittering in her hair , her froth of cream and green skirts spinning around and around . 
 she wore a black ribbon with a white cameo around her throat , which emphasized her lush femininity as well as her erotic beauty . 
 the splendor of her-the whole of her-was like a physical blow . 
 as fellows stood , alone among a sea of people , watching her , he realized what she meant to him . 
 everything . 
 `` what 's the matter , uncle fellows ? '' 
 a voice said beside him . 
 `` you look like someone has just punched you in the gut . '' 
 daniel mackenzie , fellows ' tall nephew , had stopped next to him , a glass of whiskey in his hand . 
 daniel already had the hard look of his father , cameron , though his lanky body still showed his nineteen-year-old youth . 
 `` or maybe punched you in the face , '' daniel continued , casting a critical eye over fellows ' bruises . 
 `` i take it the other bloke looks worse ? '' 
 fellows ' gaze went back to louisa . 
 `` the other bloke is in newgate awaiting trial . 
 and , yes , he looks worse . '' 
 daniel chuckled . 
 `` good for you . 
 a villain , is he ? '' 
 `` one of the worst . 
 do n't waste sympathy on him . '' 
 `` i 'll take your word for it . '' 
 daniel turned to look where fellows ' attention had been dragged . 
 `` ah . 
 that explains the gut blow . '' 
 fellows wrenched his gaze away from louisa again . 
 `` what the devil are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i 'm not a fool , uncle . 
 our louisa is beautiful . 
 why would n't you fall for her ? '' 
 in all his life , fellows had never considered marrying , no matter how many dalliances or flirtations he 'd had . 
 he 'd assumed himself too buried in his work , too ruthless and suspicious , or simply not interested in marriage . 
 he 'd never seen a good example of it , had he ? 
 he 'd spent his childhood wishing he belonged to a family who 'd made it clear he was n't wanted . 
 he 'd grown up with a mother angry at a rich man who 'd charmed her , used her , and cast her aside . 
 none of that had relevance now . 
 as fellows looked at louisa , he knew why he 'd never married . 
 he 'd been waiting for her . 
 and now she danced and laughed with a young man of her class who held her admiration . 
 `` she 's not exactly our louisa , '' fellows said . 
 `` yours , maybe . '' 
 he felt daniel studying him . 
 his irritation rose . 
 daniel gave him a knowing , and also sympathetic , grin . 
 `` ask her to dance , '' daniel said . 
 `` i do n't dance . '' 
 he gave a self-deprecating laugh . 
 `` never had a dancing master . '' 
 `` i advise you to learn . 
 ladies love a gentleman who can spin them about the floor . 
 once they know you can dance , they 'll follow you anywhere . '' 
 `` you speak from experience ? '' 
 `` aye , that i do . '' 
 none of the mackenzie men had ever had trouble attracting women , and daniel , despite his youth , was no different . 
 the ladies here , of his age and a few years older , were eyeing him with interest . 
 daniel was young , virile , handsome , and rich . 
 he would come into the money left to him in trust by his mother when he was twenty-one , and would inherit everything cameron had at cameron 's death . 
 then he 'd be a wealthy man indeed , and powerful . 
 the fact that he stood a few steps removed from a dukedom only added to his desirability . 
 `` watch yourself , '' fellows advised . 
 `` one of these hopeful mamas will have you in the noose before you know it , if you 're not careful . '' 
 `` i 'm always careful , '' daniel said , speaking with confidence above his years . 
 `` but the matrons have started flinging the debutantes at me , have n't they ? 
 some of these girls are barely out of the schoolroom . 
 they should still be in short skirts and pigtails . '' 
 `` that 's aristos for you . 
 marry young , repent for many years to come . '' 
 `` and put seventeen heirs in the nursery while you 're at it , '' daniel finished . 
 `` cynical , uncle . 
 whatever happened to true love ? '' 
 `` love is for the middle class , '' fellows said . 
 `` the poor ca n't afford it , and neither can the rich . '' 
 `` a sad thing to say , but probably true . 
 these mamas who are eyeing me like sharks would be devastated to know i do n't plan to marry for many years . 
 first , i 'm going to travel the wide earth , and then learn how to build all the machines i have in my mind . 
 the world 's on the brink of great change . 
 many people fear the change , but i want to be at its forefront , looking down its throat . '' 
 `` the enthusiasm of the young , '' fellows said . 
 `` not only the young . 
 i know plenty of older chaps ready to face it with me . 
 now if i can ever find a lady like that-she 's who i 'd marry . '' 
 fellows had already returned to watching louisa . 
 `` perhaps you and louisa should make a match of it . '' 
 daniel 's attention came back from his future , and he bent his shrewd stare on his uncle . 
 `` louisa and i have become great friends , '' he said , as though choosing his words with care . 
 `` but no . 
 i do n't believe we would suit . '' 
 `` maybe not now . 
 in a few years , though ... '' `` no . 
 i 'm thinking that in a few years , she wo n't still be waiting . '' 
 daniel was right . 
 louisa shone with brilliance . 
 she was kind , warmhearted , and stronger than she understood . 
 as soon as fellows proved her innocence and all this blew over , louisa would be snapped up by any of a string of eligible bachelors . 
 the newspapers would make much of the marriage between the earl 's daughter and some sprig of aristocracy . 
 she 'd marry in glory , and then be gone . 
 she might greet fellows at family parties , but louisa would have her own life , no longer connected with his . 
 louisa and her partner whirled closer to the corner in which fellows and daniel stood . 
 daniel lifted his whiskey glass in salute . 
 louisa smiled back at him , then her gaze landed on fellows . 
 her smile vanished , and the light drained from her face as though someone had extinguished a lamp . 
 she stumbled . 
 the gentleman with her caught her , so smoothly no one but fellows and daniel saw the near fall . 
 the gentleman said something to her , and louisa laughed . 
 the light returned , she spun away from fellows , and resumed the dance . 
 fellows felt as though someone had crushed all the air out of him . 
 he might as well be lying at the bottom of a pile of bricks , with no hope of clawing his way out . 
 when he could manage to speak again , fellows asked sharply , `` who is he ? '' 
 `` gilbert franklin . 
 the honorable . 
 his dad 's an earl . 
 england 's bloody thick with earls , do n't you think ? 
 ca n't turn around without tripping over one . 
 he was at the notorious garden party , you know . 
 if he 's sweet on louisa , he might have a reason to do in hargate . 
 you could always arrest him and ask him . '' 
 daniel was n't smiling , but amusement definitely hovered near . 
 fellows turned a cold look on him . 
 `` i do n't arrest people and get them convicted for my convenience , '' fellows said . 
 `` my job is to find true villains and keep them from hurting others . '' 
 was daniel cowed at the admonishment ? 
 no , his grin broke free . 
 `` ah ha-so you admit it would be to your convenience . '' 
 fellows scowled . 
 `` you probably should go off on your world travels soon , danny . 
 might take the cockiness out of you . '' 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 daniel gave him a tip of his glass . 
 `` i doubt it very much . '' 
 daniel turned and sauntered away . 
 fellows watched him go , reflecting that however arrogant daniel was , he was smart and too perceptive for his own good . 
 he looked back at the dance floor , but louisa had gone . 
 fellows craned to see her , but her shining red hair glittering with diamonds had vanished . 
 fellows circled around the crowd to search for her again , even while he growled at himself for doing it . 
 *** `` i 'm fine , really , '' louisa said . 
 gilbert had her seated on a divan at the end of the ballroom . 
 he 'd brought lemonade and an ice , and then sat down and held them for her while she partook . 
 `` you do n't need to stay with me . '' 
 `` i need to look after you , '' gil said reasonably . 
 `` you might have a sprain , and it would be my fault . 
 it is either this or i carry you out of the ballroom in my arms , and what would people think ? '' 
 `` do n't be so silly . '' 
 but louisa smiled . 
 gil had the knack of making people feel better . 
 she 'd stumbled in her too-high heels because she 'd seen lloyd fellows standing at the edge of the ballroom . 
 he 'd been wearing a kilt-one of the mackenzie plaids that hart had thrust upon him . 
 it fit him well , hugging his hips , smooth against his thighs , showing his strong legs below its hem . 
 he wore a coat as finely tailored as any man 's here , though it looked better on him because he had the body to fill it out . 
 the bruises from whatever brawl he 'd been in were obvious on his face , though he was clean-shaven tonight . 
 he looked like a warrior who 'd taken time off fighting to look in on civilization . 
 no , fellows did n't fit among these soft-faced people . 
 there was still too much of the brute highlander about him for civilized company . 
 he fought battles out in the world so the ladies and gentlemen in this ballroom could walk about in peace . 
 `` louisa ? '' 
 gil was looking at her . 
 she 'd missed what he 'd just said . 
 `` i do beg your pardon . 
 i believe my ankle hurts more than i thought it did . '' 
 she lied , but louisa needed a reason to cover for her distracted state . 
 gil looked concerned . 
 `` shall i fetch isabella ? 
 call for your coach ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i only wrenched it a bit . 
 i 'll sit here quietly and watch the dancing . '' 
 `` then i will sit with you . '' 
 gil handed the empty ice bowl to a passing waiter , fetched another lemonade for louisa and champagne for himself and sat down with her again . 
 not too close-no one in the ballroom seeing them seated on the far sides of a divan would think anything inappropriate was afoot . 
 then again , the two of them even occupying the same piece of furniture might start people talking . 
 anything for gossip . 
 `` really , there is no need for you to miss enjoying yourself , '' louisa said . 
 `` i will be well . '' 
 gil leaned closer . 
 `` louisa , you were n't well when i first spied you here . 
 that idiot samuel talks more than his brains should let him , and his sister and adele were being vicious . 
 i 'd rather not leave you alone to their knives again . 
 besides , i can enjoy myself quite well sitting with you . '' 
 louisa 's face heated at the same time something inside her warmed . 
 `` you 're very flattering tonight . '' 
 `` not at all . 
 i was unbelievably distressed about what happened at the garden party . 
 i wanted to comfort you there , but i was shunted away home . 
 i came here tonight hoping to see you again . 
 and i have . '' 
 louisa smiled at the same time she let her gaze rove the ballroom . 
 she could n't see fellows anywhere . 
 had he made for the card rooms ? 
 or left the ball altogether ? 
 `` you 've always been a friend , gil , '' she said , more to keep up her end of the conversation than anything else . 
 `` so kind to the hanger-on of your sister . '' 
 `` oh , i think you know i 've always viewed you as far more than a hanger-on , louisa . 
 or a friend . '' 
 louisa , with difficulty , pulled her attention back to gil . 
 his expression was serious , no teasing . 
 she tried to laugh . 
 `` i 'm not sure i 'm in the proper mood for flirting , gil , dear . '' 
 `` and you know it is not flirting . '' 
 gil 's affable blue eyes held something quiet and heartfelt . 
 oh , dear . 
 but , then again , why not ? 
 the sensible side of louisa asked . 
 gil was the obvious answer to louisa 's current troubles as well as her quest for matrimony . 
 louisa still wanted to marry-she wanted a home of her own , respect , children . 
 an unmarried miss had little say in the world . 
 she lived with her married sister or brother or childhood friend , and was a helper , a companion , an appendage . 
 a married woman , on the other hand , was viewed with respect and even admiration if her marriage was a good one . 
 she could become a great hostess , a leader of her set , a powerful force in her world . 
 the honorable gil was one of the most respected gentlemen in england . 
 he would one day be an earl . 
 louisa had known him all her life , and they rubbed along well together . 
 his friends were her friends . 
 gil and louisa would , in fact , make the perfect couple . 
 so why did her heart beat too quickly as she caught a glimpse of inspector fellows again , her hands grow moist , and her feet long to thump to the floor and carry her away from both of them ? 
 louisa drew a sharp breath . 
 `` gil-my dearest friend-i 'm not sure i am strong enough to hear declarations tonight . '' 
 instantly gil went solicitous . 
 `` then i wo n't make any . 
 not tonight . 
 do n't worry . 
 i 'm not the pestering sort . 
 but i will sit here and make sure no one else pesters you . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 it 's good of you . '' 
 `` if you 'd like to think so . '' 
 gil sat for a moment with her in silence , giving her time to master herself , then he started up with a conversation that had nothing to do with the two of them , louisa 's predicament , or the poisoning . 
 he was nice , really . 
 kind . 
 generous . 
 warmhearted . 
 completely different from the man who came around the dancers in his kilt , a tailored coat stretched over his strong shoulders . 
 he held a champagne glass in one hand , looking as though he did n't know what to do with it , and walked beside mac mackenzie , paying half attention to whatever mac was jabbering about . 
 fellows saw louisa and sent her a sharp look , then one to gil . 
 the look stabbed louisa all the way through , and then the blow doubled as fellows started to turn away again . 
 mac , with seeming nonchalance , blocked fellows ' escape . 
 fellows would either have to turn back to the divan or push mac bodily aside to get around him . 
 the look on fellows ' face told louisa he preferred to shove his way out , but at the last minute he let mac chivvy him toward the divan and the two sitting there . 
 gil rose to meet them . 
 `` mac , how are you ? 
 well met , chief inspector . 
 can you tell us how the case is going ? 
 if you 've found the man responsible yet ? 
 or are you allowed to say ? '' 
 gil asked with sincere curiosity , and also with obvious concern for louisa 's part in it . 
 mac 's expression said he showed the same concern . 
 only fellows looked furious . 
 he did not want to discuss the case at all , and mac and gil pushing him into it made him angry . 
 `` it is all right , chief inspector , '' louisa said quickly . 
 `` you do not have to tell us . 
 i understand that more gossip about it would not be good . '' 
 if anything , fellows looked even more angry . 
 `` there is very little to say . 
 the investigation is ongoing . 
 we are pursuing several leads . '' 
 `` have you had any luck tracing the chap louisa saw rolling out from under the tent ? '' 
 gil asked in all innocence . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` he 's the guilty one , must be . '' 
 gil emphasized his words with little jerks of the hand that held his champagne glass . 
 `` no doubt , '' fellows said , his tone dry . 
 `` it might have been a woman , '' louisa broke in . 
 `` i could n't be certain , as i said . '' 
 she directed the words at fellows , but he was watching gil , assessing him . 
 possibly wondering how he 'd look in handcuffs . 
 `` no , a man , '' mac said , shaking his head . 
 `` i 'll wager it was a man in the tent . 
 stands to reason . 
 a woman would be hampered by skirts and bustles and all the paraphernalia women seem to wear . '' 
 gil smiled . 
 `` i find the paraphernalia charming . '' 
 `` entrancing , '' mac said , winking at louisa . 
 `` i call it utterly entrancing . '' 
 `` an even better word , '' gil agreed . 
 fellows looked annoyed . 
 louisa could see that at this moment , he did n't find women or their paraphernalia charming or entrancing , or even remotely interesting . 
 he was again stuck in a society party where he did n't feel comfortable , coerced by his brothers and sisters-in-law to do what he did n't want to do . 
 a fish out of water , was the saying . 
 `` it is good of you to help , mr. fellows , '' louisa said , to try to fill the break in conversation . 
 `` i am grateful . '' 
 fellows scowled at her . 
 `` it 's a murder , and it 's my job . '' 
 he clicked the champagne glass onto the tray of a passing waiter and made a little bow . 
 `` if you 'll excuse me , lady louisa . '' 
 he walked away without further word , and this time , mac did n't try to stop him . 
 chapter ten the pain in louisa 's ankle became nothing to the pain in her heart as she watched inspector fellows fade back into the crowd , finished with her . 
 ladies and gentlemen parted for his broad frame , looking after him with curiosity . 
 louisa felt suddenly hollow , as though something important had just been lost to her . 
 `` i beg your pardon , louisa , '' she heard gil saying , as though from a long way off . 
 `` and mac . 
 i think i 've gone and put my foot in it . '' 
 louisa turned back to him . 
 `` no , no . 
 he 's - '' `` bloody rude sometimes , '' mac finished . 
 `` he 's a mackenzie . 
 no need to apologize , franklin , or for you to make excuses for him , louisa . 
 el and isabella coaxed fellows into coming tonight , and he did n't want to . 
 he 's busy . 
 i do n't blame him for being out of sorts . '' 
 `` i should n't have needled him about the case , '' gil said . 
 `` i admit i 'm dashed curious , though , having been at the party myself . 
 as well as being anxious for louisa . '' 
 for heaven 's sake . 
 men could excuse each other over the worst offenses when they wanted to-oh , he did n't mean to overturn the entire dining table and swing out of the room on the chandelier ; he was out of sorts because he lost ten guineas at cards , poor fellow . 
 `` if you will excuse me , gentlemen . '' 
 louisa got to her feet , pretending not to wince at the twinge in her ankle . 
 `` i should be assisting isabella instead of lounging about . 
 thank you for all the dances , gil . 
 it was kind of you . 
 stay and converse with him , mac . 
 i wo n't need an escort across a room full of family and friends . '' 
 gil and mac both stared at her , then gil remembered his manners and bowed , his expression polite . 
 mac only frowned at her . 
 louisa knew she 'd be in for it when she got home-mac and izzy would sit her down and quiz her about her jumpiness , but for now , louisa just wanted air . 
 at least gil was courteous enough to let her go . 
 mac clearly wondered what she was up to , but he too let her go , his duties as host keeping him too busy to pursue her . 
 she was not following mr. fellows to ask him why he was so angry with her . 
 not at all . 
 louisa held her skirts as she slid past the crowd at the perimeter of the dance floor . 
 she would not admit that her gaze roved them , looking for a broad-shouldered man in black with close-shorn , mussed hair . 
 before the murder at the garden party , louisa could never have moved through a ballroom without being stopped every few feet and pulled into delighted conversation . 
 tonight , too many people turned away when she flowed by , too many people pretended not to see her . 
 louisa ground her teeth , her temper rising . 
 they had no business snubbing her . 
 she 'd done nothing wrong . 
 her only crime had been foolishly letting mrs. leigh-waters talk her into entering the tea tent with hargate . 
 if louisa had refused and gone to wait for the croquet match with isabella , she would even now be talking and laughing with her friends and acquaintances as usual , having a fine time at isabella 's splendid supper ball . 
 strange how life could alter so greatly with one decision , one spin of a coin . 
 into the tea tent or not , speak to the bishop or stand with her sister . 
 fellows ' declaration that the world was not a safe place haunted her too . 
 of course it was n't safe . 
 but louisa had lived a sheltered existence , growing up believing that bad things would always be kept far from her . 
 she 'd learned , too late , that this was n't always the case . 
 fellows , on the other hand , had lived life in its raw state , seeing all the horrors of it . 
 he 'd been raised on the backstreets of st. giles , learning about crime and criminals firsthand . 
 if the old duke of kilmorgan had been a kind man and had taken fellows in to raise , his life would have been entirely different , perhaps as pampered and sheltered as louisa 's . 
 fellows could never inherit the dukedom , regardless , having been born out of wedlock , but the duke could have given him a good education , settled unentailed money on him , and allowed him to pursue a gentlemanly profession . 
 another choice , in another time , that had changed a man 's entire life . 
 louisa reached the other side of the ballroom rather quickly , her ankle not hurting near as much anymore , but her temper was getting the better of her . 
 by the time she ducked into a cool back hall , she wanted to scream or do something unladylike such as beat on a wall . 
 to add to her frustration , she had not seen fellows anywhere . 
 she knew she 'd never be able to go back into the assembly rooms and speak civilly with anyone . 
 if anyone condescended to even talk to her . 
 but louisa rushing out and home without a word to isabella would look churlish and cowardly . 
 as much as it hurt her , louisa had to stay here and face them all , as hart had advised her to . 
 make them know she was not in the wrong and had nothing to be ashamed of . 
 having been to these assembly rooms on many occasions , louisa knew there was a quiet room at the end of this hall-an office or some such . 
 though the office was not in use during the balls and other gatherings , guests sometimes slipped inside it to seek calm moments or for assignations . 
 louisa hoped no dallying couple occupied its sanctuary tonight . 
 she breathed a sigh of relief when she found the dim room empty , then jumped when a man stood up from the high-backed chair in front of the fireplace . 
 her heart went to her throat when she saw the broad shoulders and glint of red hair of a mackenzie . 
 then her breath went out again when she realized which mackenzie it was . 
 `` ian . '' 
 louisa 's legs shook as she made her way across the small room and gave up altogether as she collapsed to the chair . 
 `` i 'm glad it 's you . '' 
 ian pulled out the desk 's chair and sat down on it , not responding to her statement . 
 he might not know what she meant-or he might have understood , thought of five different answers , and decided to say none of them . 
 that was ian 's way . 
 silence settled over the room , which was lit only by firelight . 
 restful . 
 ian never expected a person to say something simply to say something . 
 he had no use for banalities or meaningless conversation , for talking to pass the time . 
 louisa did n't ask whether she disturbed him . 
 if she had , he 'd have walked out of the room without a word and sought another refuge . 
 `` i always wondered at your aversion to crowds , '' louisa said . 
 `` until tonight . 
 now i understand perfectly . '' 
 ian 's eccentricities were well-known and well talked about . 
 whenever he walked into a gathering , people stopped , stared , whispered . 
 even if they did n't whisper , ian had difficulty with the focus of too much attention at once . 
 he was better with one person at a time . 
 ian said nothing about louisa 's sudden compassion , did n't nod , and silence descended again . 
 presently , louisa let out an exasperated breath . 
 `` i say botheration to the lot of them . 
 they 've damned me for having the misfortune of standing beside a man while he died . 
 i was the object of pity before the garden party ; now i am an object of disgust . 
 well , i am tired of it already , i must say . '' 
 ian did n't answer . 
 he was studying the room , the worn books in the shelves , the desk empty of papers , locked for the night . 
 the office 's one window was heavily curtained , shutting out the night , the only light the coal fire which would soon die . 
 `` they expect mr. fellows to haul me away to jail , '' louisa said , the words tumbling out . 
 `` they are wondering why he has n't already done so . 
 i think they were hoping he 'd come tonight to arrest me . 
 would n't that have been titillating ? '' 
 she gave a short laugh . 
 `` well , they will just have to live without it . 
 i did n't poison hargate , and i refuse to be condemned for it . 
 there must be something i can do to prove my innocence . '' 
 ian had tilted his head back to study the ceiling . 
 louisa could n't stop herself looking up at it too . 
 it was quite pretty , laid out in squares of molding , with filigree in the corners of the squares . 
 instead of being whitewashed , the wood was in its natural state , rich walnut , which made the room both dark and elegant . 
 ian probably had n't heard a word louisa had said . 
 he did that sometimes , let a person babble on , not answering . 
 in his head , he 'd be working out a mathematical problem , or thinking of every word his little girl and boy had said today , or thinking about beth and the baby she would have by autumn . 
 this room , louisa , the supper ball-this part of london , even-might not exist for him . 
 `` i wish he understood , '' louisa went on , not minding that ian did n't answer . 
 `` if not for him , i would probably be in newgate right now , or under house arrest . 
 something dreadful anyway , while men gathered evidence for my trial . 
 but mr. fellows wo n't stand still and talk to me . 
 what is wrong with me , ian , that makes him turn away or not want to be in the same room with me at all ? '' 
 ian still did n't answer , and louisa had stopped expecting him to . 
 `` we are in completely different worlds , he and i , and i do n't know if we can ever cross the chasm between them . 
 i see him at places like this , and he is so unhappy . 
 he does n't want to be here . '' 
 louisa gave another laugh . 
 `` a bit like you , ian . 
 mr. fellows does n't like this world ; he prefers the one he made for himself . 
 i wish he could see that his world is a good one . 
 he does something . 
 people like gil are wonderful-gil is good at making people feel happy . 
 but he 's never had to worry about anything in his life , has he ? 
 if everything were stripped from gil , would he be the same ? 
 i know lloyd would be . 
 even if all inspector fellows had worked for was taken from him , he 'd still walk straight through it all , come what may . '' 
 louisa stopped , finally running out of breath . 
 the room had cooled with the night and dying fire . 
 ian sat comfortably in the darkness , the low firelight touching his face . 
 louisa closed her eyes , deciding to be silent with him . 
 she had nothing more to say , and her heart was burning . 
 `` mrs. leigh-waters , '' ian said . 
 louisa popped her eyes open . 
 ian had turned to her , watching her . 
 in the past ian had had trouble looking into a person 's eyes , but tonight he was relaxed , thoughtful , and easily meeting her gaze . 
 louisa blinked at him . 
 `` i beg your pardon ? '' 
 `` mrs. leigh-waters , '' ian repeated , as though waiting for louisa to catch up . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 `` you should speak to her . '' 
 louisa tried to remember all she 'd said since she 'd come in and which part ian was responding to . 
 `` you mean i should talk to her about the garden party again ? '' 
 ian made a slow nod . 
 `` she invited the guests . '' 
 louisa sat still a moment , turning his words over in her mind . 
 what ian said always had deeper meaning than his listener first supposed . 
 she invited the guests . 
 mrs. leigh-waters had n't asked her entire social circle to her garden party-the guest list had been fairly exclusive . 
 why had she invited certain people and not others ? 
 `` hmm , '' louisa said . 
 `` i think i see what you mean . '' 
 ian turned his head and looked away , finished with the discussion . 
 `` thank you , ian . '' 
 a small clock on a shelf struck midnight . 
 outside the windows , church clocks in mayfair and beyond took up the chime . 
 ian rose , pulled out his pocket watch , checked it against the clocks , and made a minute adjustment . 
 `` i 'll go to beth now . 
 she will be tired . '' 
 so that was why ian had come in here-he was counting the minutes until he could take beth home . 
 beth would have insisted on staying a polite amount of time ; ian would have insisted on an exact hour to take their leave . 
 they always worked out their differences so beautifully . 
 `` tell beth good night for me , '' louisa said . 
 the clocks were still chiming , and ian did n't wait on ceremony . 
 he walked swiftly out of the room without a good-bye , as though he had to reach beth before the last stroke of midnight . 
 ian pursuing his cinderella . 
 they 'd endured so much , ian and beth , had found each other through fire and fog . 
 they deserved every moment of the happiness they had now . 
 louisa supposed she ought to go home with them . 
 fellows had likely departed , and louisa had no desire to return to the ballroom and paste a false smile on her face for a few more hours . 
 beth would not mind dropping louisa at isabella 's on the way home . 
 ian had already disappeared , however , by the time louisa had made up her mind and left the office . 
 she found no sign of ian in the back hall or in the corridor that led around to the front door . 
 the foyer was still full of people , though not the crush that had filled it when she 'd entered the assembly rooms earlier tonight . 
 louisa did n't see ian or beth there , going out , nor did she see mr. fellows . 
 she did spy daniel , who was talking with his usual animation to a knot of guests , no doubt charming them to pieces . 
 daniel was just nineteen now and already friends with half of england , not to mention all of scotland and probably most of wales . 
 a look into the games room showed her hart mackenzie lounging at a card table like a king among his subjects , in no hurry to depart . 
 cheroot smoke layered the air like fog . 
 ian had likely decided to scoot beth out a back door to avoid the crowd . 
 louisa made her way again to the little hall that led to the office , turning a corner beyond it to seek a rear door . 
 inspector fellows was there , his broad back to her as he opened the door , letting in a draft of cool spring air . 
 louisa sped her steps , her anger returning . 
 she raced forward and grabbed the sleeve of his coat , just as fellows stepped out into the night . 
 fellows swung around , eyes blazing , his hand going automatically to louisa 's throat , and the other balled into a hard fist , pulled back to punch . 
 in the next instant , he blinked . 
 `` louisa . 
 bloody hell . '' 
 he moved his hand so swiftly from her that she felt a warm breeze on her skin . 
 `` do n't do that . '' 
 louisa stared at him . 
 `` did you think i was a robber ? 
 in mayfair assembly rooms ? '' 
 fellows had taken a step back , but his hands were still clenched , his face flushed . 
 `` you 'd be surprised where thieves lurk . 
 why are n't you in the ballroom , dancing with all your beaux ? '' 
 `` i do n't have any beaux , and i was looking for you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 the door was still half open , the two of them on the doorstep . 
 neither in nor out , neither forward nor back . 
 like their friendship , louisa thought . 
 `` you walked away , '' she said . 
 `` i was defending you . 
 you snapped at me as though i 'd insulted you , and then you turned your back and walked away . '' 
 fellows gave her an impatient look . 
 `` i know i 'm rude . 
 i was n't raised to this life . '' 
 `` a poor excuse . 
 you can be perfectly civil-i 've seen you be . 
 what did i do to earn your wrath this evening ? '' 
 fellows reached behind her and pulled the door closed . 
 they were alone in the night , in a dim passage steps away from the busy street . 
 `` understand , louisa , i ca n't discuss what i investigate with everyone in the ballroom . 
 you and mac are one thing , but mr. franklin himself was at the garden party . 
 he is a suspect . '' 
 `` gil ? '' 
 louisa 's eyes widened . 
 `` surely not . 
 gil would n't hurt a fly . '' 
 `` hargate was n't a fly . 
 he was a pompous git from what i hear , and he proposed to you . 
 from the way mr. franklin looked at you , he 's happy the bishop is no longer around to be his rival . '' 
 `` that is ridiculous ... '' but gil had made it clear tonight he wanted to speak to louisa about more than friendship . 
 perhaps not so ridiculous , but gil ? 
 `` i still do n't think gil capable of murdering anyone , '' she said , certain . 
 `` and in any case , we were n't asking for a summation of the case in minute detail . 
 we only wanted to know if you 'd discovered anything important . '' 
 fellows looked down at her in angry silence , resembling a highland warrior even more out here in the dark . 
 louisa 's imagination made the tailored coat and ivory waistcoat become a linen shirt and great kilt wrapped around his shoulders ; the glint of his watch chain blurred into the hilt of a dirk . 
 he was powerful , strong , nothing tame about him . 
 at any moment , he 'd snatch her up and carry her off , a highlander stealing himself a bride . 
 louisa jumped when he reached out and seized her wrist . 
 reality and fantasy melded , and her heart pounded . 
 `` come with me , '' he said , voice hard . 
 `` if you want to understand why i ca n't give you the simple answers you want , come with me , and i 'll show you . '' 
 he did n't wait for her to debate . 
 fellows pulled louisa out of the passage and to the street , april wind rushing at them as they emerged into the wider avenue . 
 louisa could have protested , jerked away , run back to the safety of the assembly rooms . 
 but she did n't . 
 she let fellows hold her , louisa following her highlander into the dark . 
 fellows gave a sharp whistle through his teeth . 
 a hansom cab a little way away jerked forward , the horse 's hooves clopping as the carriage came toward them . 
 fellows had obviously already planned his escape . 
 he opened the door and all but shoved louisa into the cab . 
 she did n't have her wrap , but she had no desire to rush back inside to fetch it . 
 the night was warm enough , fellows might change his mind if he had to wait , and louisa wanted very much to run off with him , wherever he was taking her . 
 fellows gave the driver a direction she did n't hear then climbed in beside her . 
 louisa knew she had to be mad , leaving with him without a word , but with lloyd warm beside her , his animation exciting her , she wanted to go . 
 whatever damage louisa did by her flight , she 'd repair it in the morning . 
 no looking back . 
 fellows took hold of her wrist again , as though he feared she might climb out the other side of the hansom and run if he did n't . 
 as the horse started , fellows slid his clasp down to her hand , and their fingers twined . 
 the pulse of it raced from hands to louisa 's heart . 
 the cab listed abruptly . 
 louisa let out a squeak in alarm as another man wrenched open the carriage door and heaved himself in , landing next to louisa in the one-seated cab . 
 he was another highland warrior , this one exuberant and young . 
 he settled himself in the small space , forcing louisa closer to fellows , and told the startled driver to keep going . 
 `` saw you leave , '' daniel said , flashing his grin at both of them . 
 `` could n't let you rush off without a chaperone , now could i ? '' 
 chapter eleven the offices of scotland yard were quiet and echoing at night , though not deserted . 
 constables went in and out from the ground floor on their duties . 
 detectives used the calm of night to work on cases or for writing up the paperwork that went with them . 
 talk had been ongoing about moving the cramped police offices to a larger building to be erected near the victoria embankment , where a new opera house had been started then abandoned years ago . 
 fellows had been hearing about this theoretical move for a long time-he wondered if he 'd still be alive when it happened . 
 the few men on the ground floor glanced at fellows in curiosity when he walked inside in his formal kilt and suit , escorting a young lady in a fancy ball gown and a younger man in kilt and coat . 
 that is , the constables stared until fellows gave them a look that made them scramble back to their duties . 
 fellows had shown daniel scotland yard before . 
 being a curious lad , he 'd turned up not long after fellows ' identity had been revealed to the mackenzies and demanded a tour . 
 he 'd wanted to know everything about the workings of the metropolitan police , thinking to perhaps become a detective himself . 
 after the tour , daniel told fellows he 'd changed his mind-he 'd rather be an inventor . 
 but maybe scotland yard would be purchasing some of his inventions in time , he 'd said . 
 daniel gazed about him in as much curiosity tonight , and louisa looked interested as well . 
 she was completely out of place here in her cream and green bustle gown , diamonds in her red hair , but she looked about without fear . 
 they had to walk up the two flights of stairs to fellows ' office . 
 louisa shivered-it was always either too cold or too hot in this blasted building . 
 before fellows could turn back and offer her his coat , daniel had slid his from his shoulders and wrapped it around louisa . 
 daniel threw fellows an apologetic look , but fellows did n't comment . 
 he led them into his office . 
 the small room held two desks , one for himself and one for sergeant pierce , with a cubbyhole for constable dobbs . 
 the constable dealt with the bulk of the menial work , such as sending telegrams and messages , typing up handwriting notes , pigeonholing papers or fetching them , and keeping his chief inspector and sergeant supplied with coffee and tea , and in the case of sergeant pierce , thin cigarettes . 
 the smell of stale smoke clung to the rooms , though the charwoman had cleared out the bowls of ash and spent butts hours ago . 
 the top of fellows ' desk was bare . 
 every night before he left , fellows shoved all the files and papers he was currently working with into the deep drawers . 
 the drawers looked like a jumbled mess , but fellows knew precisely where each item was . 
 he fished up the bulkiest stack , gestured for louisa to sit at his desk , and dropped the papers onto the desk 's flat surface . 
 louisa took the seat and looked at the tall file in front of her . 
 `` my . '' 
 fellows started fanning out the stacks of papers . 
 `` my notes on the suspect interviews , '' he said , touching a pile covered with his painstaking handwriting . 
 `` these are pierce 's notes . 
 this is the pathology report on hargate , and the reports on the tea , the cups , the pot , the plates , the pastries . 
 photographs of the tent , inside and out . 
 this is the second set of witness interviews ; this , notes of my search of hargate 's flat and my interview with his parents . 
 every single detail typed up here . '' 
 fellows put a blunt finger on sheets of paper crowded with typewritten characters . 
 louisa stared at it all uncomprehendingly . 
 dobbs ' typing left something to be desired-there were overstrikes , bad erasure marks , and penciled-in words everywhere . 
 hardly surprising that louisa gazed at the report in perplexity . 
 `` you can see why i could n't make a detailed account of my progress , '' fellows said . 
 `` mostly because i do n't know what my progress is . 
 the truth is somewhere in that mess . 
 if i go over it another fifty times or so , i might find some clear thread to pull . '' 
 fellows had expected daniel to give him suggestions , if he did n't just start reading the entire report right there , but when fellows turned to look for daniel , he found that the young man had gone . 
 where , fellows could n't imagine . 
 he might have smelled the smoke and longed for a cheroot , he might have spied someone he knew-daniel seemed to know everyone in london , upper - , middle - , or working - class-or he might have decided that fellows needed a discreet chat with louisa . 
 no matter what his motive , fellows and louisa were now alone . 
 louisa touched one of the pages . 
 `` you 'll find it . 
 that 's what you do , is n't it ? 
 look at a jumble no one else understands and discover a clear pattern ? '' 
 that was exactly what he did , but this time , fellows was finding the way murky . 
 `` you have much faith in me . '' 
 `` i 've heard about your cases from hart . 
 he 's very interested in what you do . 
 you find people , you solve crimes that no one else is able to . '' 
 louisa looked up at him , her eyes full of confidence . 
 `` you 'll solve this one . 
 that was what i was trying to tell you before you dragged me away so precipitously from my sister 's supper ball . '' 
 her smile returned , the warm one she 'd bestowed on fellows a few times in the past . 
 he remembered every single instance . 
 `` if anyone saw us go , my reputation will be in tatters-even more than it already is . '' 
 `` you 'll not be ruined , '' fellows said . 
 `` i 'll make sure of it . '' 
 `` because daniel is with us ? 
 true , i wager he 'll spin a tale that he and i begged you to show us the inner workings of scotland yard until you capitulated . '' 
 she shrugged , pretending nonchalance , though her shoulders were stiff . 
 `` it is all in the family , after all . '' 
 `` we 're not family , '' fellows said abruptly . 
 louisa shook her head , which made the diamonds glitter in the room 's stark gaslight . 
 `` indeed , we are , which is isabella 's fault . 
 i never thought i 'd find myself with five somewhat overbearing brothers and one energetic grown-up nephew , but when isabella married mac , that is what i got . 
 i do like it , most of the time . '' 
 `` you and i are not brother and sister . '' 
 fellows ' words came out harsh and flat . 
 `` well , no , not by blood . '' 
 louisa smiled again , that heartbreaking , beautiful smile . 
 `` we have shared a kiss or two , after all . '' 
 he was going to die . 
 louisa sat in his office chair , decorating the room as nothing ever had , smiling her sweet little smile . 
 she did n't belong here , and yet she brightened the space like a beacon . 
 `` a kiss or two , '' fellows said . 
 `` is that how you think of them ? '' 
 while he dreamed of them in the nighttime and woke up hot , sweaty , and hard . 
 he had to stifle his groans so he would n't disturb the neighbors . 
 louisa 's smile wavered . 
 `` i imagined that was how you thought of them . 
 the silly kisses of a silly girl . '' 
 fellows came around the desk and stood over her , his breath hurting him . 
 `` i 'm not like daniel , '' he said , voice still grating . 
 `` or your mr. franklin . 
 or those stuffed asses at the ball with lust in their eyes as they watched you dance . 
 i wanted to pound the faces of every one of those bastards for looking at you like that . '' 
 louisa blinked in surprise . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 they looked at me in disgust . 
 everyone believes i poisoned hargate . '' 
 `` and the idea that you might be a murderess excited them . 
 every male there wanted you , louisa ; i watched them want you . 
 that 's another reason i took you away from there tonight , another reason i urged you to stay home until this is over . '' 
 they stared at each other . 
 louisa 's eyes were a beautiful green , slightly moist with tears she refused to let form . 
 the men tonight had wanted her , fellows had seen . 
 not only was she lovely in her froth of a ball gown , that black ribbon around her throat , the taint of the murder made her even more seductive . 
 the same taint also took away some of the stigma for touching her-she was not the sweet innocent her set had thought her , or so they now believed . 
 if they debauched her , it would be louisa 's fault , not theirs . 
 fellows had to protect her from that . 
 at the same time , he knew he was a hypocrite , because he wanted her as much as had any man there . 
 fellows did n't only dream of louisa in the night , he dreamed of her every waking minute . 
 he could n't stop thinking about her soft red lips in the kisses they 'd shared . 
 he could n't cease imagining how her mouth would feel on other parts of him , especially the one that was hard under his kilt even now . 
 he wanted to kiss every inch of her body , taste her skin , inhale her scent . 
 when he lay awake in his bed of nights , his imagination put louisa in the room with him , she casually undressing with her back to him . 
 she 'd slowly strip off her gown , then what was under the gown , letting each piece of clothing loosen and fall . 
 when she was clad only in her corset , her red hair rippling down her back , she 'd look over her shoulder and give him her lovely smile . 
 fellows made a noise in his throat . 
 he could reach for her right now . 
 she was alone with him , vulnerable . 
 he could do anything to her , and nothing that came to his mind at the moment was honorable . 
 `` do you believe the same as they do ? '' 
 louisa was asking . 
 `` that i 'm fast ? '' 
 she let out a small sigh and another shiver . 
 `` i 'm very afraid they might be right . '' 
 she waited for his answer worriedly , as though what fellows ' thought mattered to her very much . 
 the cameo at her throat beckoned him to lean down to lick her there . 
 `` louisa , you 're an innocent . '' 
 he had to remember that . 
 `` of that there is no doubt . '' 
 louisa rose , her breath lifting her too-low decolletage in a dangerous way . 
 `` then why do i think about kissing you every time i see you ? 
 i should be at my sister 's ball , hoping one of the gentlemen i dance with will propose to me and solve my troubles . 
 instead , i ran off with you the moment you beckoned . 
 whenever i see you , i know i do n't want duty and properness-i want the wicked things my brothers-in-law whisper to my sisters-in-law when they think i do n't hear them . 
 i want to do those things with you , not with the young men i was raised to expect to marry . 
 please , explain to me how i can be so innocent with those desires in my head . '' 
 oh god . 
 fellows ' body tightened . 
 he was n't good with words , was much better at chasing down criminals and then beating them until they stayed down . 
 words were n't his gift-persistence and his fists were . 
 and now the woman he craved was asking him to explain away the basic animal instinct that burned inside him . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` have you acted on these thoughts , either with me or other gentlemen ? '' 
 `` no , of course not ... '' `` then you are an innocent . 
 you have no idea of the full of it . '' 
 `` but i want to know . '' 
 louisa put her hand on his where it rested on the desk . 
 `` i want to know all these things . 
 with you . '' 
 the world stopped . 
 the flash of louisa undressing , smiling at him over her shoulder , came to fellows again , with force . 
 he could n't say anything , not even her name . 
 louisa . 
 the beautiful , sweet word . 
 she wanted him . 
 what he desired , what he craved-she wanted it too . 
 louisa nodded , her diamonds flashing again . 
 `` you see ? 
 i am a wanton . 
 at least , i am where you are concerned . 
 and i have no idea what to do about it . '' 
 fellows had plenty of ideas . 
 and he could n't act on any of them , not without being as insidious as the most vicious criminals he 'd chased to ground . 
 louisa was alone with him , in his power , innocent , no matter what she claimed . 
 she knew nothing of life , not in all the ugliness he 'd lived through . 
 and she was telling him she wanted to give that innocence to him . 
 so much heat washed through his veins that fellows thought he 'd fall . 
 but cold followed hard upon the heat . 
 louisa trusted him . 
 she had no idea what a man like fellows was capable of . 
 he could take her right here , to hell with virtue and respectability , and she would n't be able to stop him . 
 she trusted him because he was now one of the mackenzies , acknowledged as the half brother of her sister 's husband . 
 all in the family , she 'd said . 
 but fellows was n't like the mackenzies-he was worse than any of them . 
 for all the brothers ' hardness and ruthlessness , hart , cam , mac , and even ian had a modicum of polish . 
 fancy schools and university , money , influential friends , and the right circles , had given them a bit of a gloss . 
 fellows had lived in squalor , his mother working harder than any woman should have to keep him fed . 
 catherine had stayed late into the night at the taverns , working her feet off for impatient tavern keepers , putting up with men trying to corner her . 
 fellows knew she 'd let some of them corner her , for money , when she needed it . 
 and he 'd never blamed her for it . 
 the tamer mackenzies had never had to watch their mother try not to cry as she counted out her coin for the night and realized it would n't be enough . 
 hart had n't fed off tavern scraps grudgingly given , had n't had to watch his mother work harder and harder for less and less as her prettiness faded . 
 fellows had determined , the day he 'd been accepted as a police constable , that his mother would never have to work again . 
 and he 'd fulfilled that vow . 
 louisa knew nothing of these hardships , and fellows would do everything in his power to make sure she never did . 
 he could frighten her away from him . 
 make her go running back to the safety of mac and isabella 's home , lock the door , stay there . 
 he abruptly slid his hand to the back of her head , twisted her face up to his , and crushed his lips over her mouth . 
 louisa gasped , lips parting . 
 fellows tasted the sweet and tart of the lemonade she 'd drunk , brought to her by the insipid mr. franklin . 
 the thought of franklin made fellows angry . 
 he dragged louisa closer , fingers tangling in her satin-smooth curls , the kiss turning hard . 
 she made a little sound , and he knew he was bruising her , but he did n't care . 
 he meant to frighten her , meant her to jerk away and flee him . 
 she did n't flee . 
 louisa was warmer than the room , the heat of her mouth searing . 
 daniel 's coat , still around her shoulders , smelled of cheroots , but her fragrance was all fellows heeded . 
 he scooped his arm under her legs , easing her up onto the wooden desk . 
 perfect . 
 louisa sat on its edge , looking up at him , lips red with his kisses . 
 fellows cradled her head in his hands and kissed her again , deeper and fuller , locking her in place . 
 he jumped when her slipper brushed his leg . 
 the point of her heel touched his wool socks then the bare of his thigh beneath the kilt . 
 the little scratch of the heel jolted his need into a rampant fire . 
 louisa was supposed to be frightened . 
 she was supposed to fight away from him , shout at him that he should never dare take such a liberty . 
 she should instruct him to never touch her , never to speak to her again . 
 but louisa 's answering kiss was as frenzied as his . 
 her slipper went up and up , her leg wrapping his and holding on . 
 one swift thrust on the desk , and she 'd be his forever . 
 but this was wrong . 
 fellows should savor her , in a bed , perhaps in an elegant hotel on soft sheets . 
 louisa deserved that . 
 but the desk was here , the room dark and empty , his yearning for her climbing . 
 fellows forced his mouth from hers . 
 louisa looked up at him in need , her eyes half closed , her lips red , parted , swollen . 
 her body was soft , hands curled around the lapels of his coat . 
 `` louisa . '' 
 he could barely get out her name . 
 `` no . '' 
 it was the hardest thing he 'd ever said . 
 louisa released her hold on his coat , but only to slide her hands around his neck . 
 `` lloyd . '' 
 the whisper was the first time he 'd ever heard her speak his name . 
 he felt something break apart inside him , a breath of air that cleansed everything soiled within him . 
 fellows ' arms went around her , and their bodies moved together down to the flat surface of the desk . 
 daniel 's coat fell from louisa 's shoulders , pooling on the hard wood and all the papers beneath her . 
 louisa made another little gasp as he kissed her again , and fellows took advantage . 
 he kissed her parted lips , licking them , suckling them . 
 she did n't stop him , did n't fight him . 
 louisa kissed him back , trying to imitate what he did , which was sweet and erotic at the same time . 
 fellows moved from her lips to her throat and the black ribbon and cameo . 
 fellows bit the innocent cameo then brushed his tongue down the curve of her neck to her br ** sts . 
 soft skin rose above the neckline of her bodice , the slight salt taste of her making him want more . 
 she 'd be damp and warm under the gown , the space between her legs moist and welcoming . 
 fellows wanted to taste her , to sink his tongue into her and take her goodness into his mouth . 
 he could have her . 
 raise her skirts , kiss her thighs , enjoy her delights and bring her to heights of pleasure . 
 louisa 's restless hands in his hair , her leg still twined around his , told him she wanted him , wanted this . 
 fellows licked across the top of her br ** sts , his tongue catching the fabric of the bodice . 
 the satin 's dry contrast to louisa 's skin only spiraled his need to near madness . 
 `` lloyd , '' louisa said again . 
 her beautiful , throaty voice caressed his name . 
 everything painful in him washed away on its sound ... someone coughed . 
 reality came crashing back into fellows so hard he lost his next breath . 
 he took his mouth from louisa 's breast and carefully raised his head . 
 he expected daniel . 
 embarrassing , but daniel might be trusted to keep silent . 
 the lad already suspected fellows ' intense interest in louisa . 
 fellows would apologize for taking the liberty and explain the situation , then ask that daniel keep it to himself . 
 if fellows could explain . 
 the young man standing inside the doorway was n't daniel . 
 it was constable dobbs . 
 dobbs was about nineteen , eager to learn , eager to please . 
 he had close-cropped blond hair , blue eyes , and a tall , viking-like body . 
 right now , his fair face was scarlet . 
 `` sir . '' 
 `` out , '' fellows said . 
 `` sir . '' 
 dobbs nodded nervously . 
 `` sorry , sir . '' 
 even as dobbs turned for the open door , he peered surreptitiously at louisa , trying to make out who she was . 
 catching fellows ' glare , he turned quickly away and sidled out , leaving the door open . 
 louisa 's eyes were wide with alarm , her breathing rapid as she struggled to sit up . 
 fellows helped her from the desk and steadied her on her feet . 
 louisa 's hair was mussed , red ringlets straggling down her neck , her face as flushed as dobbs ' had been . 
 no apology came from fellows ' lips . 
 he would n't apologize for doing something he 'd longed to do with everything inside him . 
 `` dobbs wo n't say a word , '' fellows said . 
 louisa reached for the coat , not looking at him , her cheeks still red . 
 `` we should find daniel . '' 
 she slid the coat around her shoulders . 
 fellows helped her settle it , but still louisa would n't look at him . 
 the moment was fragile . 
 one wrong word , and she 'd be lost to him forever . 
 but there were no right words . 
 fellows was n't elegantly articulate , like mr. franklin , or glib like daniel . 
 he 'd learned plain speaking from his mother , as well as the value of keeping his mouth shut when the situation called for it . 
 he said nothing . 
 louisa would n't look at him , but she did n't bow her head . 
 she was a proud lady , from a long line of proud people . 
 she was elegant and regal and would n't crumble to dust because a police detective kissed her on his desk . 
 fellows led her out the door . 
 louisa did n't blindly rush away ; she walked calmly with him through the empty corridors and down the stairs . 
 neither of them spoke or even looked at each other . 
 daniel leaned on a desk inside the front door , talking and laughing with the sergeant there . 
 when daniel saw fellows and louisa , he straightened up in surprise . 
 the sergeant quickly found something else to do , but daniel 's eyes narrowed as he looked them over . 
 fellows led louisa past daniel without a word and out into the street . 
 the hansom cab still waited outside . 
 daniel , who 'd insisted on paying the fare , must have tipped the driver well . 
 fellows handed louisa into the cab . 
 she gripped his hand without hesitation as she stepped inside , but still she did n't look at him . 
 `` take her home , '' fellows said to daniel . 
 louisa leaned forward , finally meeting his eyes . 
 `` are n't you coming ? '' 
 fellows shook his head . 
 `` have things to do , and my flat is n't far from here . 
 daniel will escort you home . '' 
 `` that he will , '' daniel said . 
 `` good night . '' 
 he did n't look pleased that fellows was deserting louisa , but at least he did n't argue . 
 he climbed in after louisa and settled onto the seat with a swing of kilt and a boisterous thump . 
 `` good night . '' 
 fellows closed the door to the hansom with a snap . 
 louisa continued to watch him . 
 curls of her loosened hair fell forward , haloing her in red . 
 then the carriage jerked forward , and fellows ' view of her was lost . 
 lost . 
 a good word . 
 fellows remained on the street , watching the receding carriage for too long , until it disappeared into the april mists . 
 chapter twelve `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 daniel asked . 
 louisa jerked from her reverie , in which she saw , heard , and felt nothing but lloyd 's warmth around her , his mouth on her , his strong hands ... `` talk about what ? '' 
 `` what happened upstairs , '' daniel said . 
 `` i step away for five minutes , you come down flushed and mussed , not to mention distracted and upset . 
 did ye not like his attentions ? 
 do i have to pummel him for you ? '' 
 daniel , so young and eager-and so wide awake ; did he never get tired ? 
 - watched her with a shrewdness that belied his youth . 
 louisa could n't answer . 
 she sank into the hard back of the hansom 's seat , stifling a sigh . 
 isabella 's house on mount street was n't impossibly far from whitehall , but the hansom went slowly , and she knew the ride would be long . 
 `` ah , '' daniel said when the silence had stretched a while . 
 `` so you did like his attentions . 
 that 's the trouble , is it ? '' 
 louisa let out an exasperated breath . 
 `` i do n't know what he wants . 
 that is the trouble . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` well , ye have to understand that when a gent looks at a beautiful woman , such as yourself ... '' daniel left it hanging . 
 louisa sat up . 
 `` yes , i know very well what you are implying . 
 and you are very flattering . 
 but i have no idea if he wants anything more than that . 
 or if i do . 
 blast it all , it 's a terrible thing when i ca n't trust my own thoughts . 
 i do n't even know what i want . '' 
 `` i think you do . '' 
 `` yes , of course i do , '' louisa snapped . 
 `` i want to not have gone into the tea tent with the bishop of hargate . 
 i want mr. fellows not to be so standoffish with me . 
 i want to be his friend . 
 more than his friend . 
 i want ... oh , danny , it 's so confusing . '' 
 `` not really . 
 you 're falling in love with him . 
 or are already in love with him . '' 
 `` but am i ? 
 or just ... overwhelmed ? '' 
 `` love is overwhelming . 
 look what your sister did when she met my uncle mac . 
 she lost her head and ran away with him the very night she met him . 
 she was just eighteen , younger than i am now . 
 whatever mac thinks , isabella would never have done anything so reckless if she had n't fallen crazily in love with him . '' 
 `` she might have , '' louisa said darkly . 
 `` isabella was always headstrong . '' 
 `` she is headstrong . '' 
 daniel gave louisa another assessing look . 
 `` let me guess-isabella was the bold one , while you were always the good girl . 
 the one who stayed home , behaved herself , never did anything to upset people . 
 am i right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 louisa thumped her hands to the seat . 
 `` you are absolutely right . 
 i never did anything . 
 i stayed quiet and obedient and did what was expected of me . 
 and what was my reward ? 
 people pitying me , whispering about my scandalous family . 
 so i decided to look for a respectable husband to make them stop pitying me . 
 now i 'm accused of murder , and i 'm letting the detective in charge of the investigation kiss me senseless . '' 
 `` ah ha , is that what went on upstairs when my back was turned ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 louisa 's face heated . 
 `` if you must know , yes . '' 
 daniel grinned . 
 `` you did n't really have to tell me , you know . 
 the stars in your eyes , your hair coming down , the pretty flush on your cheek , all betrayed you . '' 
 `` and you must n't tell anyone . '' 
 louisa pinned him with a severe look . 
 `` promise me , daniel . '' 
 daniel raised his hands . 
 `` never worry . 
 i always keep the confidences of my great friends . 
 now , what you have to decide is what you 're going to do about this falling-in-love business . 
 ignore it and pursue your respectable marriage ? 
 with gil franklin , i 'm thinking ? 
 you wo n't have to push hard for a proposal there , i 'd wager . 
 or wait and see if fellows tries to kiss you again ? 
 or asks more of you ? '' 
 `` he wo n't , '' louisa said glumly . 
 `` which he ? 
 wo n't do what ? '' 
 `` mr. fellows wo n't ask anything of me . 
 he barely speaks to me . 
 i have no idea why he kisses me , except for the fact that i 've thrown myself at him several times now . 
 he must think me depraved . 
 i 'm not certain he 's wrong . '' 
 daniel watched her . 
 `` this is all fascinating . 
 i had no idea it had gone this far . '' 
 `` nothing has gone far at all , '' louisa said in exasperation . 
 `` i 'm behaving like a flighty , ridiculous woman who 's been sitting on the shelf so long she 's starting to go mad . 
 it 's the only explanation for my insanity . 
 you 're right-i should tell gil i welcome his attentions , marry him , and have done . '' 
 louisa turned abruptly to the window so daniel would n't see the tears in her eyes . 
 if she married gil , she could never let herself be alone with fellows again . 
 she could n't trust her own body not to react to him or trust herself to remain sensible and not succumb to desire . 
 even now she could n't banish the sensation of fellows ' burning kisses , the feeling of his mouth on her skin , and the knowledge of how much she wanted him . 
 `` yes , live in misery the rest of your life , '' daniel said . 
 `` that will show everyone . '' 
 louisa turned back . 
 let him see the tears . 
 what did she care ? 
 `` it wo n't be in misery . 
 gil is a gentleman . 
 he 's courteous and kind , never rude , generous , good-hearted ... '' `` and dull . 
 i hear it in your voice . 
 you 're trying to be fair to him because he is a good chap . 
 but dull . 
 you 'd do the same thing every day , he 'd never do anything unexpected , never make you wonder what was going on in his head . 
 gil is transparent . 
 makes him a fine bloke to play cards with , because i win every hand , but probably very tedious to live with . '' 
 louisa wanted to hotly defend gil , who 'd been a friend to her tonight when no one else had , but the words died on her lips . 
 daniel was n't wrong . 
 louisa liked gil immensely , she always had , but she did n't love him . 
 she 'd never be interested in him in the way she wanted to understand what was inside lloyd fellows . 
 when she saw lloyd , she wanted to follow him , be with him , listen to him , touch him , make him understand that he was n't alone . 
 louisa was fascinated by fellows ' job , wanted him to talk to her about it and confide in her , and she wanted to confide in him . 
 she leaned her head back on the seat . 
 `` it 's hopeless . 
 inspector fellows is very conscious of his position in life , and mine . '' 
 `` that is true . 
 he 's a snob . 
 i 've found that working-class chaps generally are . 
 any hint of getting above yourself is ruthlessly quashed . 
 the posh should stay posh ; the honest workers should stay honest workers . 
 and fellows has always seen himself as an honest worker . 
 more so once he realized his dad was never going to acknowledge him . 
 the working classes , now , they tolerate me because i 'm such an honest bloke , and i do n't try to change them . '' 
 louisa had to laugh . 
 `` and you 're not conceited at all . '' 
 `` i 'm all sorts of conceited , i know that . 
 i 'm very clever and see no reason to hide it . 
 on the other hand , being clever is no assurance of being great or finding success . 
 success takes bloody hard work too . 
 i know that . 
 but we 're not talking about me , auntie louisa . 
 we 're talking about you and uncle fellows . 
 and what we 're going to do about it . '' 
 `` we will do nothing about it . 
 i will marry gil or remain a spinster , and inspector fellows will go on being a policeman . 
 perhaps he 'll find a cheerful working-class woman to marry him , and his life will become simple and pleasant . '' 
 `` listen to yourself . 
 poor martyred louisa . 
 i predict that fellows will solve this murder and then sweep you off your feet . '' 
 daniel shrugged . 
 `` well , the sweeping-you-off-your-feet part might take a little nudge . 
 but he wants to do it . 
 it 's a beautiful thing to watch the way he looks at you . 
 fellows glared at gil tonight as though he wanted to find a claymore , learn how to use it , and finish him off . 
 or just pull out a pistol and shoot him . '' 
 louisa gave up . 
 she leaned across the seat in the rattling coach and kissed daniel 's cheek . 
 `` you are sweet , danny . 
 a complete madman , but a very sweet one . '' 
 `` aw , auntie . 
 you know i love you . 
 i 'm devastated ye wo n't pick me as your husband , but if not , i 'm happy to help you land one of your own . '' 
 `` pish . 
 you have n't fallen in love yet , so you do n't understand how very awful it can be . 
 i used to be a rational girl , and now i 'm doing foolish things like running about london in the middle of the night and letting police inspectors kiss me senseless . 
 i shall be all right . 
 it will pass . 
 and when you do fall in love , daniel mackenzie , i shall laugh at you . '' 
 `` no fear of that . 
 i enjoy ladies , as both friends and lovers , but i will let nothing stand in the way of my inventions . '' 
 `` so say you . 
 well , here i am , '' she said as the carriage pulled to a halt in front of isabella 's house . 
 `` thank you , danny . '' 
 daniel gallantly leapt down and handed her out . 
 he surprised louisa by pulling her into a crushing hug before he let her go . 
 `` never worry , auntie , '' he said softly . 
 `` i 'll make sure all is well . '' 
 he gave her a kiss on the cheek , another hug , and then backed away and waved good night . 
 louisa hurried into the house , morton the butler pulling the door open for her before she reached the doorstep . 
 daniel called good night again , leapt into the hansom , and rattled off . 
 louisa was n't sure whether to take hope from daniel 's words or worry about what mad thing he 'd take it into his head to do . 
 either way , most of her thoughts were still focused on fellows ' kisses , the strength of his body on hers , the look of dark desperation in his eyes when he 'd backed away from her . 
 she had to be right . 
 it was hopeless . 
 louisa went up the stairs , not stopping on the landing that led to her bedchamber . 
 she kept climbing , up to the nursery to quietly slip inside and kiss the three sleeping children good night . 
 she sat there after that , in the dark , watching them sleep , soaking in the calming silence . 
 *** `` the guv 's asking for you , '' sergeant pierce said to fellows , looking apologetic . 
 `` says now , sir . '' 
 damnation . 
 fellows looked up from the fifty statements he was going over again , meticulously , trying to decide who was telling the truth . 
 they were all lying-people did that to the police-but usually for reasons that had nothing to do with the case . 
 fellows had to sift through and pick out the important lies from the unimportant ones . 
 he 'd been here since the early hours , after going home last night and trying to sleep . 
 not possible . 
 fellows had lain awake , staring at the whitewashed ceiling above his bed , which reflected every passing light , the moon , streetlights . 
 in the reflections he saw louisa , her red hair coming down , the sultry look in her eyes when he 'd lain her back on the desk . 
 he heard her voice , low and vibrant , saying his name . 
 lloyd . 
 he 'd do anything to have her say it to him like that again . 
 sleeping being out of the question , fellows had come in to see if he could make sense of all this mess . 
 `` now ? '' 
 fellows repeated irritably . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 says it 's urgent . '' 
 fellows heaved an aggrieved sigh , slammed papers aside , got to his feet , and headed out of the room . 
 constable dobbs was just coming in with cups of tea , and the two met in the doorway . 
 fellows turned sideways to move past him . 
 dobbs turned red . 
 the constable 's hands shook so hard that tea sloshed from the full cups and splashed to fellows ' shoes . 
 `` watch yourself , constable , '' fellows snapped , then he was past and striding down the hall . 
 detective chief superintendent giles kenton had been fellows ' superior for nearly five years . 
 it had been kenton who 'd lifted his former superior 's restrictions on fellows ' promotions , put in place when fellows had been fanatically pursuing the mackenzies for murder . 
 kenton had made clear that fellows needed to have a care in who he offended with his obsessive investigations . 
 kenton was a good man to work for , though , because he recognized that fellows had a unique way of solving his cases and that his clear-up rate was better than most . 
 kenton waved fellows to the only other chair in his office , keeping his attention on the papers that littered his desk . 
 that was a good sign . 
 no sitting upright , hands on the desk , gaze trained on fellows . 
 just kenton doing what he usually did . 
 kenton signed a piece of paper , blotted the paper , and clattered the pen to a tray , spraying a few ink droplets to his desk . 
 finally he pushed aside everything and looked up at fellows . 
 not so good . 
 kenton had a sharp light in his eyes that came from anger . 
 `` i 'm pulling you and your team off the hargate case , '' he said . 
 fellows ' answer was abrupt and instant . 
 `` no . 
 you ca n't . 
 i mean ... no , sir . 
 please do n't . '' 
 `` i can and i will . 
 hargate was powerful , and his family is powerful , both his father 's and his mother 's . 
 his friends are powerful . 
 they are all busily screaming for our blood , wondering why we have n't closed this case yet . '' 
 fellows could n't stay seated . 
 he was on his feet , fists clenched . 
 `` it 's been less than a week . 
 cases like this can take months . 
 years . 
 you know that . '' 
 `` yes , i know that . 
 civilians do n't , especially posh ones . 
 they either want the police to work miracles or else they complain we 're a bloody nuisance . '' 
 `` then they should let me get on with my job . 
 having my chief super pull me in to twit me is wasting time . '' 
 kenton gave him a severe look . 
 `` are you finished ? '' 
 fellows leaned his fists on the desk . 
 `` you ca n't take me off this case , sir . '' 
 `` listen . '' 
 kenton 's voice lost its edge . 
 `` fellows , you are the best detective on the force . 
 i do n't even qualify that by saying you are one of the best . 
 you truly are the best . 
 you 'll make detective superintendent in no time , probably chief super beyond it , and likely higher than that . 
 you 're the best because you not only have good instincts , you 're also careful and thorough . 
 you follow up on everything . 
 unfortunately , hargate 's family wants a quick arrest . 
 and they 're wondering why the devil you have n't made one . '' 
 `` because i have n't found a culprit yet , '' fellows said , trying not to shout . 
 `` as soon as i get a lead on the man seen crawling out from under the tent , i 'll bring him in . '' 
 `` hmm , yes . 
 very convenient this bloke is , is n't he ? 
 he gives you a good excuse not to pull together the evidence to arrest lady louisa scranton . '' 
 `` because she did n't do it . '' 
 the shout came then . 
 `` maybe not . 
 but consider-once she 's arrested and examined by a magistrate , and the magistrate determines her innocence , she 'll be let go . 
 end of the matter . '' 
 fellows shook his head . 
 `` for god 's sake , you know she ca n't afford to appear before a magistrate . 
 he 'll be compelled by hargate 's family to push her through to a trial , and they 'll make sure the very best prosecutor in the country gets her convicted . 
 the scrantons have n't been well liked since louisa 's father ruined half the aristos in mayfair . 
 no one would fuss much if a scranton was buried for this . '' 
 `` then lady louisa 's family will come up with a barrage of solicitors to help her . 
 you know that . 
 her ties to the mackenzies will help too . 
 and those ties are the exact reason i 'm taking you off this case . '' 
 fellows stood up , his fists tightening . 
 `` what the devil does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means that you are the finest detective on the force-until you have something to do with the mackenzie family . 
 then your common sense takes a dive out the window . 
 you break rules , you do n't sleep , you focus your energy on them and everything about them . 
 five years , was n't it , that you tried to pin a murder on them ? 
 the duke had to threaten gents in the home office to get you to stop . 
 and then you went behind everyone 's back , chased lord ian mackenzie to paris , and tried a number of ways to get around the rules to land him . '' 
 `` but i got to the bottom of the problem , '' fellows said , voice stiff . 
 `` murders solved . 
 case closed . '' 
 `` you 're quibbling , fellows . 
 you solved them , all right , but a woman died , and another nearly died in the process . 
 i 'm taking you off the case , because i ca n't explain to hargate 's father-an earl-and his mother-the daughter of a marquis-why you have n't arrested lady louisa scranton by now . 
 i imagine you do n't wish me to tell them it 's because she 's your mistress . '' 
 fellows ' face burned . 
 `` good lord , sir . 
 she is not my mistress . '' 
 `` then why did dobbs charge in here bright and early this morning and tell me she was ? 
 yes , he gave me the whole story of finding you ravishing the lead suspect in the hargate case on top of your desk . '' 
 kenton 's mouth tightened . 
 `` you need to speak to that lad about going over your head to spread tittle-tattle . 
 a constable should be loyal to his own guvnor , whether that guvnor is ravishing suspects or not . '' 
 `` i was n't ravishing her , '' fellows said . 
 `` dobbs got it wrong . '' 
 and he 'd wring the boy 's neck . 
 `` dobbs ' exact words were : he had her spread across the desk , knees up , and he were kissing her tits . '' 
 kenton mimicked dobbs ' youthful voice exactly . 
 `` not something i wanted to hear , trust me . '' 
 `` it does n't matter what dobbs saw or what he said . '' 
 fellows ' voice hardened . 
 `` it does n't matter what my feelings for her are either . 
 louisa scranton is innocent . 
 i know it . 
 whatever the world thinks of her , she did not kill the bishop of hargate . '' 
 `` climb down off your high horse . 
 i do n't care if you had her naked on her hands and knees and were giving her one up the backside . 
 i care that hargate 's dad and mum and all the titles they 're connected to want a result . 
 my neck 's being breathed on , and so i 'm breathing on yours . 
 you 're too slow . 
 i 'm giving the case to harrison . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 cold fear spread through fellows ' body . 
 `` harrison arrests everyone in sight then sorts out who did what . 
 sometimes he does n't find out the truth until several people have been hanged . '' 
 `` but he 's fast and he gets his man . 
 or woman . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 fellows leaned over the desk again , barely stopping himself from grabbing kenton and shaking him . 
 `` please . 
 i promise i 'll stay the hell away from lady louisa . 
 miles away if need be . 
 but do n't take me off the case . 
 i 'll find the culprit-i promise you . 
 do n't leave her to harrison 's mercy . '' 
 kenton gave him a severe look . 
 `` i 've gone to the wall for you , fellows . 
 several times . 
 worth it to keep you . 
 but by god , you push it . '' 
 `` if you give this to harrison , sir , i 'm off the force . '' 
 kenton scowled . 
 `` do n't threaten me . 
 i 've been threatened by more frightening men than you in my time , believe me , including my own guvnor . '' 
 `` i 'm not threatening . 
 if i 'm off the case , i 'm gone . 
 i 'll not stay where men arrest innocent young women only to prove they 're getting things done . 
 i 'll go , and then i 'll protect her from you any way i can . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` sir . '' 
 kenton sat back in his chair . 
 the look on his face said he knew damn well fellows wanted to throttle him , but he put up no defenses . 
 `` you said you were going off to the races on monday . 
 to newmarket . '' 
 `` yes , but i wo n't go . 
 keep me on , and i 'll stay here and work - '' `` let me finish . 
 you 'll go . 
 you need the day out . 
 if , before you leave , you make an arrest-one that will stick-then i wo n't pull you from the case . 
 if you have n't solved it before you go , then you 're off . '' 
 fellows stared at him in dismay . 
 `` that 's only two days . '' 
 `` yes , it is . 
 it 's the best i can do for you . '' 
 `` i mean it , '' fellows said . 
 `` if i ca n't solve this case in two blasted days , and you pull me off , i 'm gone . '' 
 kenton raked papers back toward him . 
 `` then you 'd better solve it quick then , had n't you ? '' 
 fellows moved his fists from the desk again and straightened up . 
 kenton was finished , the interview over . 
 as fellows walked to the door , kenton cleared his throat behind him . 
 `` and stay away from the scranton woman . 
 i 'll hold you to that . 
 unless you 're escorting her to bow street and the magistrate , i do n't want you anywhere near her . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' fellows said stiffly , and made his way through the building back to his office . 
 he walked in on dobbs sitting on a wooden chair holding a hand to his bruised and bloody face . 
 pierce was wringing out his own hand , looking furious . 
 `` pierce , '' fellows snapped . 
 pierce betrayed no shame . 
 `` i was just explaining to dobbs that he do n't go around his chief inspector to tell tales , no matter what . 
 you respect your team . '' 
 fellows gazed quietly down at dobbs , who gazed back , half fearful , half defiant . 
 `` dobbs , '' fellows said , his voice as chill as his stance . 
 `` it 's not you peaching to my guv that i mind . 
 if i 'm wrong , i 'm wrong . 
 but if you ever speak about lady louisa again , especially in those words , to anyone , i will pound you until you ca n't walk . 
 understand ? '' 
 dobbs swallowed . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` now get me coffee and do n't spill anything this time . 
 pierce , we 're going to clear up this case before monday . 
 i want you to - '' `` monday ? '' 
 pierce said , springing up . 
 `` what the devil did the chief super say to you ? '' 
 `` monday , '' fellows repeated . 
 `` we 're dividing up the suspects between us , and we 'll poke and prod until we get answers . 
 i do n't care who we annoy , provoke , or just plain make hate us . 
 we 're not out to make friends ; we 're out to catch a criminal . 
 the first thing i want , though , is for you to find out everything-i mean absolutely everything-about the honorable gilbert franklin . 
 i want to know where he 's been , what he does when he 's there , what he has for breakfast , and when he shits it out again . 
 all right ? '' 
 `` shits it out again , '' pierce wrote down in his notebook . 
 `` got it , sir . 
 i 'll start right now . '' 
 chapter thirteen that afternoon , louisa sat once more in mrs. leigh-waters ' back sitting room . 
 this time , though , daniel was with her , and louisa had come for a purpose . 
 the fact that mrs. leigh-waters received louisa at all encouraged her . 
 mrs. leigh-waters had always been a close friend to louisa 's mother and to isabella , one of the few to stand by isabella when isabella had left mac . 
 today , the lady was full of sympathy for louisa and also for hargate . 
 `` i wake up with palpitations thinking about that poor man , '' mrs. leigh-waters said , pressing a hand to her bosom . 
 `` what he must have suffered . 
 it must have been quite distressing for you , louisa , to watch him die . 
 i am so sorry , my dear . '' 
 she sounded sorry , but also a bit morbidly curious . 
 `` indeed , '' louisa said . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` and you , mr. mackenzie , '' mrs. leigh-waters said to daniel . 
 `` so kind of you to stand by our dear louisa . '' 
 `` not at all , '' daniel said . 
 he gave mrs. leigh-waters his best i 'm - young-but-very-intelligent-and-understanding smile . 
 `` louisa is a favorite of mine . '' 
 `` of mine as well . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters returned the smile , but with a glint in her eye . 
 she looked back and forth between louisa and daniel with obvious interest . 
 daniel was nineteen , it was true , and louisa years older than he , but such matches had been made . 
 once daniel finished university and came into his majority , he would be a very wealthy young man indeed . 
 mrs. leigh-waters ' eyes were truly gleaming now . 
 louisa broke in hastily , `` what i wondered , if you 'll forgive me asking , is how you decided who to invite to the garden party ? 
 i saw people here i had n't in ages . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters blinked . 
 `` my guest list was quite large , dear . 
 my garden party is always an important season gathering . 
 i invite a wide circle , though i keep my list to those i like best . '' 
 in other words , the gathering was large enough to be interesting , but exclusive enough for those invited to feel superior over those who had not been . 
 `` what louisa means , '' daniel said , `` is that she 's surprised the bishop of hargate made your list . 
 louisa had n't thought you were particular friends . 
 in fact , hargate could be a priggish and condescending oik , god rest him . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters flushed . 
 `` you are certainly forthright , mr. mackenzie . '' 
 `` but truthful . 
 hargate rose high in his profession very fast . 
 my uncle hart figured he called in favor after favor and bought his way to the top . '' 
 hart would know . 
 he 'd used similar methods himself on occasion , and he likely knew whose nest hargate had feathered to become bishop . 
 `` well , your uncle hart might not be wrong , '' mrs. leigh-waters said . 
 `` hargate did ask my husband for a word in the right ear in exchange for him helping mr. leigh-waters in certain matters . 
 it 's often done , but with hargate ... '' `` it was obvious and obsequious , '' daniel finished . 
 `` is that why you invited him to the party ? 
 to repay what he 'd done for your husband ? '' 
 `` no , no . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters ' flush went deeper . 
 `` if you must know , i owed the bishop a bit of money , and he was needling me for it . 
 i invited him at his request , intending to settle the debt here . '' 
 `` and did you settle it ? '' 
 daniel asked . 
 he softened the abrupt question with a smile , took a sip of tea , and then gestured with his cup . 
 `` i mean , did you have the chance before ... you know . '' 
 `` i did , as a matter of fact . 
 i gave him his hundred guineas . 
 well , most of it . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters leaned toward them , lowering her voice . 
 `` please do n't tell my husband . '' 
 louisa shook her head . 
 `` never fear about that . 
 was it a gambling debt ? '' 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters looked surprised , then her face grew as red as the velvet curtains behind her . 
 `` oh . 
 yes . 
 indeed . 
 i had some very bad luck at cards and had to give hargate a vowel for what i 'd lost . 
 i planned to pay him as soon as i could , but he was a bit impatient . 
 for a man of the cloth , i must say , hargate did not practice much forgiveness . '' 
 in fact , hargate seemed to excel at all the deadly sins , louisa thought , pride and avarice being the top contenders . 
 but some gentlemen went into the clergy not because they had a calling or deep faith , but because , if they went the right way about it , they could make a good living and gain power . 
 hargate had been a power-seeker and had n't much tried to hide it . 
 `` i am sorry , '' louisa said . 
 `` i know this is difficult for you . '' 
 daniel gave mrs. leigh-waters a cheerful smile . 
 `` at least your slate is clean . 
 you were able to pay your debt , and all was finished . '' 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters put her hand over louisa 's , her eyes welling with tears . 
 `` dearest louisa , i must beg your forgiveness . 
 i could n't pay hargate the entire amount . 
 my pin money for the month was gone , and i could not ask my husband for more without telling him why . 
 i did n't want mr. leigh-waters to know . 
 he does n't approve of gambling . '' 
 this was the first louisa had heard of it . 
 mr. leigh-waters was often seen around card tables at isabella 's parties , his wife the same . 
 but louisa smiled encouragingly and let mrs. leigh-waters go on . 
 `` hargate threatened to go to my husband directly . 
 i begged him not to . 
 i asked what else i could give him , something to keep him happy until i could raise the rest of the money . 
 he said-oh , my dear louisa , i am so ashamed of myself now . '' 
 louisa thought she understood . 
 `` did hargate ask you to arrange for him to speak to me alone ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 oh , my poor darling , i 'm so sorry . 
 i knew he meant to propose to you . 
 he often spoke of you as being the perfect bride for him . 
 he was n't wrong-you 'd have made a very good bishop 's wife . '' 
 tears trickled from the corners of her eyes . 
 `` i agreed , i 'm afraid . 
 anything to keep him from going to my husband . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters ' distress was true but seemed a bit much for a woman who 'd owed a debt from a card game . 
 most people in mayfair owed each other for losses at whist , faro , hazard , the american game of poker , any sporting matches , or even which side of the street a cat would walk down . 
 gambling mania was alive and well in the haut ton . 
 louisa knew men who 'd lost pieces of unentailed land , favorite horses , servants , and even houses , to their friends . 
 the bets were squared eventually , often good-naturedly . 
 wives whose husbands frowned on their gambling did try to be covert , but sympathetic friends often helped them pay . 
 mrs. leigh-waters had lied when she 'd said her husband disapproved of gambling , though , but louisa could n't fathom why . 
 daniel broke in , his voice quieter . 
 `` what did hargate expect you to do , with respect to louisa ? 
 was letting him speak to her alone the end of it ? '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters shook her head . 
 `` he wanted me to encourage her in the match if she proved shy . 
 talk her into it . 
 or bribe her , threaten her , whatever it took . '' 
 louisa 's eyes widened . 
 `` you promised him that ? '' 
 `` i could n't help it . '' 
 more tears came , mrs. leigh-waters ' large bosom rising . 
 `` i was desperate , my dear . 
 and i did n't see the harm . 
 you told me yourself you 'd decided this season to look for a respectable husband . 
 hargate would have been a good match for you-would have helped you and your family . '' 
 `` at the expense of her happiness , '' daniel said . 
 `` if louisa had accepted hargate , i would have done anything to persuade her out of it . '' 
 he shuddered . 
 `` i could n't stick having hargate for an uncle-in-law . 
 imagine having to be pleasant to him over pudding at christmas . 
 no , thank you . '' 
 `` i would have refused him , '' louisa said . 
 `` hargate did try very hard to persuade me , telling me he 'd forgive my family 's debts to him if i married him . 
 my family has paid back most of what my father owed him , but he intended to squeeze me for the rest of it . 
 horrid man . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters looked even more distressed . 
 `` oh , louisa , you must n't ... '' `` speak ill of the dead ? '' 
 daniel asked , before louisa could answer . 
 `` it 's not the done thing , no , but death does n't change what a person was in life . 
 hargate was n't above a bit of blackmail to get what he wanted . 
 key to most of his successes , i 'd wager . 
 he even tried to blackmail me once . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters wiped her eyes . 
 `` he did ? 
 what about ? 
 i mean ... oh , i beg your pardon , mr. mackenzie . 
 i do n't mean to pry . '' 
 daniel shrugged . 
 `` youthful indiscretions . 
 i 've had so many of those i had to tax hargate a bit before i pinned down exactly which youthful indiscretion he was threatening to tell my father about . 
 i told hargate to tell him and be damned . 
 which he did . 
 my dad came down on me hard , but i confessed my sins , dad and i argued , he forgave me , we had a whiskey , and all was well . '' 
 daniel 's relationship with his father in a nutshell . 
 `` rather mean of hargate , '' louisa said indignantly . 
 `` did he ask you for money to keep quiet ? '' 
 `` that and a word with uncle hart to hurry hargate 's chances of getting into the house of lords . 
 only room for so many bishops ' bums on the seats there . 
 someone has to die before another can come in the front door . 
 hargate wanted to be moved to the top of the list . 
 i told him he was optimistic about hart opening a way for him . 
 hart 's harder to blackmail than anyone i know . 
 trust me . 
 i 've tried . 
 my ears still hurt from the drubbing he gave me . '' 
 daniel rubbed the side of his head . 
 `` of course , i was only ten at the time and not practiced . '' 
 daniel 's casual tone , dismissing blackmail as merely a nuisance , was having good effect on mrs. leigh-waters . 
 her crying quieted , and she started to relax . 
 `` was he blackmailing you too ? '' 
 daniel asked her . 
 `` i 'm sorry if he was . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters nodded . 
 `` please , please do n't tell my husband . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 louisa squeezed her hand . 
 `` we understand . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters looked at them watching her , then she jumped . 
 `` but if you are thinking i poisoned hargate to keep him quiet , i did not . 
 i paid him , as i said , and set up the appointment for him to meet you . 
 i knew he might try for more money in future , but i 'd cross that bridge when i came to it . '' 
 louisa wondered very much what knowledge hargate had possessed that so shamed mrs. leigh-waters , but she would n't ask . 
 the poor lady had suffered enough without having to worry that someone else knew her secret . 
 hargate was gone now , and mrs. leigh-waters was safe from him . 
 `` never fear , '' louisa said . 
 `` i do n't see how you could have killed him , anyway , if the poison was in the teacup . 
 how could you know which cup he 'd choose ? 
 or which i 'd choose to give him ? 
 it was me who handed him the cup . 
 i am , unfortunately , the most likely suspect . '' 
 louisa deflated . 
 she 'd come here hoping to learn much more . 
 she 'd discovered from their conversation that mrs. leigh-waters did indeed have a motive for killing hargate , but she had difficulty picturing mrs. leigh-waters thinking of so intricate a way to administer the poison . 
 besides , would the lady risk killing the man in her own garden ? 
 in front of a large party of people ? 
 someone had . 
 and that someone had shifted the blame squarely on louisa . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 louisa squeezed mrs. leigh-waters ' hand again . 
 `` i 'm sorry you 've had to go through all this . '' 
 `` and i you , '' mrs. leigh-waters said . 
 `` will you forgive me ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 mrs. leigh-waters let out her breath , her relief plain . 
 louisa and daniel exchanged a glance , silently agreeing to end the conversation , and they took the rest of their tea in peace . 
 *** when louisa and daniel left mrs. leigh-waters ' house , louisa gave mac 's coachman directions to take them straight to london and scotland yard . 
 she would try to keep mrs. leigh-waters ' confidences as best she could , but she wanted to tell fellows what they 'd discovered about hargate . 
 immediately . 
 as awkward as it would be to face fellows again after last night , she wanted him to know . 
 daniel agreed , and the coach headed east at a good clip . 
 when they reached scotland yard , however , the sergeant downstairs told daniel that fellows was out . 
 so was sergeant pierce and constable dobbs . 
 but they could always leave a message . 
 daniel returned to the coach , where louisa waited , with this information . 
 `` i suppose i can leave him a message , '' louisa said , unhappy . 
 `` no . '' 
 daniel knocked on the roof of the coach and directed the coachman to the strand . 
 `` we 'll wait for him in his own lair . 
 might be a while , though . 
 i say we fetch food and drink on the way . '' 
 *** sergeant pierce had suggested to fellows that they go back to richmond to reexamine the scene of the crime , but fellows negated the idea . 
 as he 'd contemplated before , this was a crime of mayfair . 
 the players , and the answer , lay in that section of london . 
 fellows began by visiting the bishop of hargate 's father , the earl of norwell , in norwell 's berkeley square house . 
 norwell did n't want to see fellows , the butler informed them when he answered the front door . 
 he also said that fellows and pierce should have gone down the stairs to enter the house via the kitchen . 
 fellows did tell pierce to go down-it never hurt to cultivate those below stairs and learn the household gossip-but fellows remained squarely in the doorway . 
 `` tell his lordship that if he wishes me to find and arrest his son 's killer , and quickly , he 'll speak to me , '' fellows said to the butler . 
 the man looked aggrieved , but at last he obeyed . 
 pierce sketched a cheerful salute and departed for the kitchen . 
 the earl of norwell kept fellows waiting in a reception room for at least half an hour before the butler returned and led fellows up a flight of stairs to a study lined with books . 
 the room 's high walls held a second floor of bookcases , reached by an iron spiral staircase . 
 norwell looked much like his dead son , handsome and lean , though twenty years older . 
 his hair was gray , his belly gone to fat from too much rich food and too much port , his black mourning suit making his pale face more sallow . 
 norwell ran his gaze up and down fellows , obviously not liking what he saw . 
 `` so you 're old kilmorgan 's by-blow . '' 
 fellows made a shallow bow , hiding the sting . 
 `` i have that honor . '' 
 norwell grunted . 
 `` you look like him . 
 kilmorgan was a mean son of a bitch , and the current duke is no better . '' 
 fellows took this stoically . 
 he 'd come to like hart more and more as he got to know him , but he knew he 'd waste his breath defending him to norwell . 
 norwell was the sort of man who made his judgments and stuck to them , come hell or high water . 
 `` how can speaking to me help you catch a murderer ? '' 
 norwell asked . 
 `` it was the scranton bitch who did it , and we all know it . 
 that entire family is mad . '' 
 fellows clenched his jaw to keep his temper . 
 `` new evidence has come to light that tells me it was not lady louisa . '' 
 `` what evidence ? 
 you 're lying . 
 the only reason you have n't arrested her is that she 's connected with the mackenzies , and you have an absurd loyalty to them . '' 
 `` no , lord norwell , '' fellows said in a hard voice . 
 `` i 'm after the truth , no matter what . 
 one reason i came here today is that i 'd like to look over your son 's bedchamber . 
 his valet told me he often stayed in this house when he 'd be in town only briefly and did n't want to bother opening up his own flat . 
 is that correct ? '' 
 norwell looked fellows over again , neither agreeing nor disagreeing . 
 `` you 're a bit above yourself , are n't you , chief inspector ? 
 you might be a duke 's son , but you 're still a bastard . '' 
 `` which has nothing to do with me looking at your son 's rooms . '' 
 norwell heaved a sigh . 
 `` what are you searching for ? '' 
 `` i 'll know that when i find it . '' 
 `` this is ridiculous . '' 
 `` i 'm leaving no stone unturned , '' fellows said firmly . 
 `` i want this killer found as quickly as you do and so am looking into every possibility . 
 do n't worry , i will do no damage to your son 's things , and leave everything as i found it . '' 
 norwell again looked fellows up and down , in the most condescending way possible . 
 he heaved another sigh , this one sounding as though it came from his toes , turned away , and pushed a bell on the desk . 
 the butler entered almost immediately-fellows suspected the man had been listening outside the door . 
 `` take the inspector up to frederick 's old rooms , '' norwell said . 
 `` stay there with him , and do n't let him steal anything . '' 
 fellows did n't react at all to the statement . 
 norwell was grieving-fellows allowed that . 
 otherwise , he 'd be tempted to punch the man in the mouth . 
 fellows made himself turn his back and follow the butler out of the library without a word . 
 the butler led him up another flight of stairs . 
 as they entered a large , dim bedchamber , fellows bade him go down and tell sergeant pierce to come up . 
 no one searched a room better than pierce . 
 he could find nooks and crannies that most missed , and he could do it rapidly and thoroughly . 
 fellows had always suspected that pierce , in his youth , might have been a thief , but he 'd never asked directly . 
 the butler looked put out , but he went . 
 slowly . 
 the stairs creaked , one at a time , as he descended . 
 fellows pulled open the heavy curtains , letting cleansing sunlight into the too-dark room . 
 the room was musty-norwell must have shut it up at his son 's death and not allowed anyone in . 
 grieving people often wanted to hide away their loved ones ' belongings . 
 the chamber was elegantly furnished , as befitting this berkeley square mansion . 
 a tester bed with brocade draperies held prominence , a sofa stood near the fireplace , a writing table was positioned near the window , and a bookshelf full of leather-bound volumes took up part of one wall . 
 thick carpets covered the floor , and a dressing room with a wardrobe and a tall mirror opened off the main room . 
 fellows took advantage of the butler 's absence to start going through the writing table . 
 he pulled out drawers , sorted through the few letters he found , and turned the drawers upside down to look for anything hidden beneath . 
 he finished soon , the contents disappointingly sparse . 
 hargate 's recent correspondence had been in his flat in piccadilly , which fellows had read when he 'd searched there , but he 'd found nothing of interest . 
 fellows was n't certain what he hoped to find here , in hargate 's boyhood bedroom , but it was the one place fellows had n't searched yet . 
 by the time fellows heard pierce 's step on the stairs , he was under the large bed , looking beneath the slats for hidden treasures . 
 nothing . 
 fellows crawled out and brushed himself off , and was on his feet pulling out books from the bookcase by the time pierce and the butler arrived . 
 pierce , who prided himself on his forthrightness , shut the door in the butler 's face . 
 `` fetch us some tea , there 's a good chap , '' he called through the door . 
 `` and coffee for the chief inspector . 
 he do n't like tea . '' 
 he turned away and surveyed the room . 
 `` anything , guv ? '' 
 `` nothing yet . 
 see what you can make of it . '' 
 pierce went to work . 
 fellows trusted his sergeant 's skill , and for good reason . 
 pierce could feel every corner of a pillow without cutting it open , tell if a mattress or featherbed held any secrets . 
 he checked every inch of wainscoting and the paneling around the windows , tested bricks of the fireplace , turned over chairs , and patted the curtains to see if anything resided between drapery and liner or inside the hems . 
 pierce flipped carpets up and tested floorboards , then went through the books and examined their bindings . 
 undaunted by finding nothing , pierce entered the dressing room . 
 fellows continued to look through the letters he 'd taken from the drawer . 
 presently the banging and rustling in the dressing room stopped , and pierce said , `` eureka , sir . '' 
 fellows did n't get his hopes up . 
 this had been hargate 's room when he 'd been a young man living at home . 
 pierce might have found nothing more than a university lad 's old stash of cigarettes or malt whiskey . 
 pierce was crouching on the floor in the dressing room , having folded back the carpet . 
 he 'd lifted a loose board from the floor and now pulled out a square box that had been resting on the joists beneath . 
 the box was locked , but the lock was small and decorative , more to keep out those who would have respected his privacy anyway . 
 fellows put the box on the dressing table , took out a blunt tin nail he kept for such occasions , and quickly forced open the lock . 
 would he find cheroots and love poems to long-ago schoolgirls ? 
 fellows ' heart beat faster as he lifted the lid . 
 he found a notebook . 
 he took it out , noting that it was clean and crisp . 
 almost new . 
 `` ah , '' pierce said . 
 `` wonderful things , notebooks . 
 can tell you so much about a chap . 
 his personal thoughts . 
 locked in a box under the floorboards . '' 
 fellows sat down on the chair at the dressing table and opened the notebook . 
 as he 'd suspected , it was n't a straightforward , written journal of everything the bishop had been up to , whom he 'd angered , and who wanted to kill him . 
 it was a series of cryptic notes , but hargate had been kind enough to date them . 
 he 'd made the last entry the morning of the garden party . 
 `` bring the box , '' fellows said grimly . 
 `` we 're taking this . '' 
 chapter fourteen lloyd fellows ' flat was in a lane off the strand in a respectable house that retained some of the elegance of the past . 
 the landlady was gracious enough to let louisa and daniel upstairs to fellows ' rooms once daniel explained who they were-and charmed her with his smiles and youthful innocence . 
 he portrayed innocence very well . 
 the flat had four rooms-a sitting room which doubled as a dining room , a small office with a cluttered desk , and a bedroom with a bath chamber beyond . 
 daniel solved louisa 's problem of wondering if she would ever dare enter fellows ' bedroom by opening the door and barging in himself . 
 of course , louisa had to follow to make sure he stayed out of mischief . 
 `` he wo n't mind , '' daniel said . 
 `` i come here all the time for a bit of a chat . 
 ah , there it is . '' 
 he picked up a book from fellows ' bedside table . 
 `` i lent him this a while ago . 
 thought it might be in here . '' 
 louisa gave him a sharp look . 
 it would be just like daniel to pretend he 'd given fellows the book in order to have an excuse for snooping in the man 's bedroom . 
 she ought to tell him they should leave the room and close the door . 
 but louisa stood in the middle of it , absorbing everything about lloyd fellows . 
 his bed was large , with low posts and no hangings . 
 neatly made , the pillows plump , a quilt folded across the bottom . 
 louisa wondered if his mother had sewn the quilt . 
 the room was small , most of it taken up with the bed . 
 fellows did n't have many decorative touches , except a few photographs in frames on top of the high dresser . 
 louisa moved to look at them . 
 one photo was of his mother , taken when she was younger . 
 louisa had met mrs. fellows at informal mackenzie gatherings-the photograph showed she 'd been vivacious and pretty when younger , and her eyes held shrewd intelligence , much like her son 's . 
 another photo was a full-length portrait of a very young lloyd , in his policeman 's uniform , probably taken when he 'd first joined the force . 
 he stood stiffly , proud , his helmet tucked under his arm . 
 the third photograph was of louisa . 
 louisa looked quickly behind her , but daniel was busy flipping through the book he 'd found . 
 louisa turned back to the photo , her heart hammering . 
 the photograph was a casual one , taken by eleanor during one of louisa 's visits to kilmorgan-eleanor enjoyed taking photographs and developing them herself . 
 louisa stood in the garden at kilmorgan castle , sunlight on her face , climbing roses around her . 
 the sepia photo showed the roses as white , but in reality they were very light pink . 
 louisa 's hair looked a shade of brown instead of bright red , her dress darker than the pretty green it had been , but overall , the photograph was a good one . 
 because eleanor was skilled at photography , louisa was n't standing ramrod-stiff , her face and eyes washed out from the light , but was smiling , her pose natural . 
 how the photograph had gotten onto the dresser in lloyd fellows ' london bedchamber , louisa had no idea . 
 eleanor might have given him a copy . 
 or perhaps daniel , who 'd just ingenuously said that he 'd been here many times before , had . 
 louisa bit her lip as she turned around . 
 the open door beyond the bed led into his bathroom , where she told herself she would n't go . 
 but the window gave full light into the little room , showing her a mug and shaving brush on his washstand , towels neatly hung , a large bathtub with a tap . 
 fellows was a very tidy man , or else the landlady provided a competent maid . 
 nothing was out of place . 
 louisa wanted to enter the bathroom and touch the shaving brush , an object of masculinity . 
 she wanted to connect to lloyd through it , feel again his strength , heat , the weight of him on her . 
 she 'd never erase the imprint of his mouth on hers , the taste of him on her tongue . 
 and she wanted more than kisses . 
 last night , if the constable had n't arrived , louisa would have let fellows carry their passion on the desk to its conclusion . 
 she 'd have slid off her drawers and raked up her skirts , welcoming him into her arms and inside her body . 
 louisa , who should go to her marriage bed a virgin , would have thrown virtue aside for the joy of being with lloyd at least once . 
 by the social rules she lived by , louisa would then have had to withdraw herself from the marriage mart after that , because no man wanted to discover on the wedding night that his bride was soiled goods . 
 but louisa would not have cared . 
 even now she felt nothing but deep regret that they 'd been interrupted . 
 `` we should wait for him in the sitting room , '' louisa said abruptly . 
 daniel looked up . 
 `` eh ? '' 
 he closed the book and shrugged . 
 `` just as you like . '' 
 daniel led the way back to the sitting room , and louisa made herself shut the door of the enticing chamber behind them . 
 *** fellows walked home in the dark , his thoughts piling one on top of the other . 
 hargate 's notebook had revealed much . 
 fellows had left the book in its box firmly under lock and key at the yard , but fellows ' notes on it burned in his pocket , waiting for him to have the time to sit and go over them . 
 he might be lost in thought , but fellows knew the placement of every single person on the street with him as well as those lurking in dark passages , what they were doing , and , if he 'd seen them before , who they were . 
 those he had n't seen before , he made a note of in the back of his mind to look for again . 
 denizens of the night always left fellows alone , however . 
 though he wore a suit no different from that of any other businessman returning home late from work , somehow even those who knew nothing about him stayed far from him . 
 fellows was trouble , they sensed , and they did n't want to deal with that much trouble . 
 fellows let himself into the house with his key , walked up the quiet stairs , and used his flat key to open the door to his sitting room . 
 daniel looked up from the sofa where he 'd been reading a book . 
 he did n't spring to his feet , because louisa was dozing next to him , her head on daniel 's shoulder . 
 fellows stopped in the act of dropping his hat to a chair . 
 louisa was so serenely beautiful , her face flushed , her body limp against daniel 's , her red curls across her cheek . 
 fellows drew a sharp breath as he imagined her head on his shoulder , better still , on his pillow with him lying next to her . 
 the vision was so sharp , so desirable , that he could n't move . 
 he needed it to be true . 
 daniel touched her shoulder . 
 `` louisa . '' 
 louisa frowned in her sleep , moved against his arm , then she opened her eyes . 
 she stared in puzzlement at fellows a moment , then she came fully awake , and sat up , pushing her hair from her face . 
 fellows closed the door behind him . 
 `` you ca n't be here . '' 
 daniel put his book aside and got to his feet . 
 `` a fine way to greet your family . '' 
 fellows finally set his hat on the chair , stripped off his gloves , and dropped them on top of the hat . 
 `` i meant louisa . 
 she ca n't be seen anywhere near me until this investigation is closed . '' 
 louisa rose , still trying to press her hair back into place . 
 fellows wanted to tell her it looked much better mussed-he wanted to go to her and muss it some more . 
 `` i am in the room with you , chief inspector , '' she said . 
 `` you may tell me directly that you want me to go . '' 
 fellows fixed his gaze on her and her alone , and wished he had n't . 
 `` i want you to go . '' 
 `` not yet , '' daniel said . 
 `` we did n't come for a social call . 
 we came to tell you something . '' 
 fellows still looked at louisa . 
 her gown today was a brown broadcloth she 'd covered with a jacket of burnt orange , autumn colors that went with her pale skin and red hair . 
 she was a confection he wanted to eat . 
 it took a moment before fellows realized louisa was speaking to him , her eyes full of anger . 
 `` the bishop of hargate was blackmailing mrs. leigh-waters . 
 i told you he tried to blackmail me into marrying him , but i 've learned that he also tried to blackmail daniel . '' 
 `` i know , '' fellows said . 
 louisa stopped , surprise pushing aside her anger . 
 `` you know ? 
 how ? '' 
 `` not about daniel . '' 
 fellows shot his nephew a look , which daniel returned with a guileless one . 
 `` but i know about mrs. leigh-waters . '' 
 `` this is interesting , '' daniel said . 
 `` was hargate blackmailing any others ? '' 
 `` i 'm not discussing the case with you , daniel . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 but daniel was perceptive . 
 hargate 's book , once fellows had deciphered his somewhat simplistic letter and number substitution code , showed he 'd carried on an active round of blackmailing . 
 a few of his victims , besides mrs. leigh-waters , had been at the garden party . 
 `` the murderer does n't need to know in advance what line of inquiry i 'm taking , '' he said to daniel . 
 `` of course not , '' louisa said , sounding reasonable . 
 `` we should let the chief inspector do his job , danny . '' 
 `` yes , '' fellows said dryly . 
 `` please do . '' 
 he stepped aside and signaled with a wave of his hand that they should go . 
 daniel did n't move . 
 `` if you 're thinking of mrs. leigh-waters as the murderer , i do n't think she did it , if my opinion is worth anything , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't think she 'd have the courage . '' 
 `` nor do i , '' louisa added . 
 her belief in the woman was clear in her eyes . 
 `` and there 's the question of the poison-how it got into the tea , or at least the teacup , without mrs. leigh-waters being there to make sure the right person drank it . '' 
 `` yes , '' fellows said slowly . 
 louisa 's words made the part of his thoughts still tangled in the case begin to work . 
 `` and i think that 's it . '' 
 daniel and louisa looked blank . 
 `` what ? '' 
 louisa asked . 
 `` the answer to the entire problem . '' 
 `` ah , '' daniel said . 
 `` you know how it was done ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 but i have possibilities to check . 
 i planned to think about it tonight , alone , and then ponder while i sleep . 
 i need sleep . '' 
 fellows had n't gotten any the night before , that was certain . 
 daniel looked resigned but nodded at him . 
 `` we 'll leave ye to it , then . 
 except you have to tell us what you discover . 
 we 're pining to know . '' 
 `` i 'll send you a telegram , '' fellows said in his dry voice . 
 he opened the door . 
 `` thank you for the information . 
 good night . '' 
 `` right you are . '' 
 daniel held out his arm to louisa . 
 `` auntie ? '' 
 louisa did n't look at him . 
 `` i 'd like to remain a moment , daniel . '' 
 `` no , '' fellows said immediately . 
 if louisa stayed in his rooms , with his bedchamber steps away , he 'd never be able to let her out again . 
 `` daniel , '' louisa said . 
 `` i should n't let you , '' daniel said . 
 `` i 'm the chaperone , you know . '' 
 `` he is right , '' fellows said to louisa . 
 `` you ca n't stay up here with me . '' 
 `` for heaven 's sake , he can wait outside the door , which you may keep unlocked . 
 if daniel hears me scream , he will rush in to my rescue . 
 i need to speak with you . '' 
 fellows ' hand stilled on the doorknob . 
 he could not let her stay , blast the woman . 
 but she stood stubbornly , as though rooting herself to the floor . 
 daniel decided for them . 
 because neither fellows nor louisa moved , daniel picked up his hat and gloves and walked out past fellows , the hem of his kilt swinging . 
 `` i 'll be kicking my heels at the end of the hall , '' he said . 
 `` shout when you 're ready , louisa . '' 
 fellows remained at the door , holding it open . 
 `` daniel , she ca n't stay . '' 
 `` best humor her , '' daniel said . 
 `` else she gets terse , and i 'll have to ride all the way to isabella 's with her like that . 
 do me a favor and let her speak her piece . '' 
 fellows had no sympathy . 
 but he knew louisa would n't budge unless he lifted her over his shoulder and carried her out . 
 and if he touched her , he 'd carry her straight to the bedroom . 
 daniel grinned and turned away as fellows finally swung the door shut . 
 fellows heard him whistling in the hall . 
 `` begin , '' fellows said to louisa . 
 `` then leave . '' 
 he kept himself beside the door . 
 safer there-the entire sitting room lay between him and her . 
 louisa wore brown leather gloves that hugged her fingers . 
 fellows could n't stop his imagination putting those gloved hands on his bare chest , feeling the cool leather on his hot skin . 
 she 'd move her hands down across his abdomen , roving to the hardness that strained for her . 
 `` why do you have my photo in your bedchamber ? '' 
 louisa asked . 
 fellows started , pushing his fantasies aside . 
 louisa looked at him expressionlessly , without anger , or disgust , scorn , or any other emotion he 'd expect her to have . 
 he kept a picture of her without her knowledge , and she only asked him about it in a calm voice . 
 how she 'd discovered he had it , fellows had n't the slightest doubt . 
 `` i will throttle daniel mackenzie , '' he said . 
 `` you have three photographs on your dresser , '' louisa said slowly . 
 `` one of your mother , one of yourself in your police uniform . 
 natural enough . 
 and you have me . '' 
 any lie would sound ridiculous . 
 there was no reason in the world fellows should have her photograph , except one . 
 `` i do n't often see you , '' he said . 
 `` i have the photo so i can look at you in the stretches of time between . '' 
 she regarded him in silence a moment , as though considering his answer . 
 `` did eleanor give it to you ? '' 
 `` she did . '' 
 `` did you ask her for it ? '' 
 `` no , '' fellows said . 
 `` but when she offered it , i did n't refuse . '' 
 louisa swallowed , the movement faint in her slender throat . 
 `` i , on the other hand , have no photograph of you . '' 
 `` i do n't often have one taken . 
 have n't in years . '' 
 `` eleanor would do it , '' louisa said . 
 `` no doubt . '' 
 another pause . 
 shakespeare would have had trouble writing this play . 
 his characters talked and talked , spilling out streams of poesy . 
 so many words , when silence spoke volumes . 
 `` that photograph of me was taken a year ago , '' louisa said . 
 `` just after eleanor and hart 's wedding . '' 
 `` i believe so , yes . '' 
 `` you 've had it all this time . '' 
 louisa lost her frozen stance and stepped forward . 
 `` you 've had it all this time , and you 've not said a word . 
 you have n't said anything . '' 
 `` would it have done any good ? '' 
 `` i think it would have done the world of good . '' 
 louisa 's voice increased in volume . 
 `` but how could i know ? 
 how can i know anything of what you 're thinking ? 
 you hide so much . '' 
 fellows came out of his rigidity . 
 `` i do n't have much of a chance to speak to you , do i ? 
 every time i see you , you 're at a party of some kind , surrounded by friends , laughing with them . 
 you 're where you belong . 
 you 're part of their world , with people you understand , and i am not . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she glared at him . 
 `` you are in that world now . 
 you 're part of the mackenzie family . 
 they 've welcomed you with open arms . '' 
 `` they have , yes . '' 
 his tone went ironic . 
 `` they 've been adamant to erase the part of my life when i lived in penury . 
 their remorse is touching . 
 the only one not wallowing in guilt is ian , because i do n't think he understands the meaning of the word . '' 
 louisa flushed . 
 `` do you think i 'm wallowing in guilt ? '' 
 `` you feel sorry for me , louisa . 
 you 've told me . '' 
 her face reddened further . 
 `` you think i 've kissed you out of pity ? '' 
 `` you might believe otherwise , but yes . '' 
 `` is that what you truly think ? 
 that i 'd be so ... patronizing ? '' 
 `` are n't you ? '' 
 fellows knew he made her angry , but maybe if she grew furious enough she 'd go , and stay away from him . 
 `` you told me once that i looked as though i needed cheering up . 
 poor inspector fellows-like a beggar standing outside the window , gazing at a feast he 's not allowed to have . '' 
 he 'd felt that way often enough as a lad , especially the day he 'd watched the boy hart climb back into the sumptuous mackenzie carriage and ride away with their father . 
 fellows had been left behind , outraged and bereft , and dragged off to a police station . 
 that was the day he 'd decided to become a policeman . 
 louisa 's eyes were starry with anger . 
 `` how can you say that ? 
 how can you know anything about my feelings for you ? 
 you 've never bothered to ask me ! '' 
 `` i do n't remember you bothering to ask me before you coaxed me onto a ladder with you , or dragged me under the mistletoe . '' 
 louisa moved to him , halting close enough to him that he could breathe in her scent . 
 dangerous . 
 `` i do n't recall you pushing me away , '' she said . 
 was she mad ? 
 `` dear god , what sane man would ? 
 there you were , beautiful and wanting to kiss me . 
 last night you wrapped your arms around me and pulled me down to my desk with you . 
 only a saint would push you away , and i assure you , i am no saint . '' 
 louisa took a breath , pulling her voice down from a shout . 
 `` why are you trying to make me angry ? 
 you are being deliberately cruel . 
 why ? '' 
 `` because you ca n't be here . 
 i said that when i came in . 
 we ca n't be together , louisa . 
 no declarations , nothing . '' 
 fellows tried to speak steadily . 
 `` if anyone discovers me even talking to you , the investigation will be compromised . 
 i 'll be pulled from the case and a detective assigned to it who cares nothing for truth , only for arrests and convictions . '' 
 she looked puzzled . 
 `` but i 'm not the only suspect now . 
 hargate was a blackmailer , with many other victims . 
 you said you had ideas . '' 
 `` and by your own admission , hargate was blackmailing you . 
 you still had a motive , still are a very good suspect . 
 so until this investigation is over , we do n't see each other , we do n't speak . 
 if i have anything more to ask you regarding hargate , i 'll send sergeant pierce to you . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` well enough . '' 
 another of the small silences fell . 
 `` what about when the investigation is over ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 fellows drew a breath . 
 `` there is still ... i do n't know . '' 
 `` and yet , you have my photograph . '' 
 they looked at each other a long moment . 
 everything spoken and unspoken hovered between them , waiting to be shattered . 
 then fellows moved around and past her , making himself give her a wide berth . 
 he strode to the bedchamber , slammed inside it , grabbed the small photo from the dresser , and slammed out again . 
 he thrust the photograph at her . 
 `` take it . '' 
 louisa did n't reach for it . 
 `` why ? 
 it 's yours . '' 
 `` take it . '' 
 fellows grabbed her wrist , pulled her gloved hand to him , and slapped the framed photo into it . 
 `` give it back to eleanor , keep it for yourself , give it to mr. franklin . 
 i do n't give a damn . '' 
 `` you 're horrible . '' 
 `` yes , i am . 
 best you know that . 
 now get out . '' 
 louisa stared at him , her mouth open , red lips moist . 
 it was all fellows could do not to sweep her up , deposit her on the sofa , strip off her clothes , and have her . 
 now . 
 hang the investigation . 
 and then louisa might truly hang . 
 no , fellows would never let that happen . 
 even if he had to stay away from her from this point forward , let her marry another man , and never see her again , he 'd do it to keep her from harm . 
 louisa 's life was worth far more to him than his own happiness . 
 louisa did n't hurry to obey . 
 she looked up at fellows for a long time , then clutched the photograph to her chest . 
 `` i 'll go , '' she said in her quiet voice . 
 `` i understand how it will look for the investigation if it 's thought we are having a liaison . 
 but i wo n't stay away forever . '' 
 `` when that time comes , no doubt we 'll argue again , '' fellows said . 
 `` do plan on it . '' 
 louisa turned from him , snatching up the hat she 'd left on a side table . 
 `` when i hear someone else has been found to be the culprit , i 'll seek you out again . 
 i doubt you 'll send me word , so i wo n't wait for it . '' 
 she dropped the photograph into her pocket , thrust the hat onto her head , and turned to the mirror to stab two hatpins through the hat 's crown . 
 fellows watched her , mesmerized , as louisa turned back to him , the hat perfectly in place . 
 she gave him a last glare then marched past him and out the door without a good-bye . 
 despite her words , the slam of the door behind her spoke of finality . 
 *** fellows spent the next two days frantically going over his notes , questioning those he felt should be reexamined , including mrs. leigh-waters and the interesting reason hargate had blackmailed her . 
 she 'd had an affair a dozen years ago , the notebook said . 
 the affair had ended , mrs. leigh-waters told fellows tearfully . 
 the gentleman in question had married and gone to live in boston with his american wife , and they never corresponded . 
 but her husband had never learned of it . 
 hargate had somehow found out and decided to torment her about it . 
 hargate had found out many things about many people . 
 he 'd used the leverage over them to obtain money , favors , positions , and his bishopric . 
 any number of people might have wanted to kill hargate , yes , fellows thought in frustration . 
 but only one of them had figured out how to put the poison into the right teacup . 
 by monday morning , fellows had not uncovered who . 
 at least , not with enough evidence to convince chief superintendent kenton . 
 fellows was ordered to take the train to newmarket . 
 a police van drove him to king 's cross station , a constable making sure he boarded . 
 kenton , understanding fellows ' desperation , said he would n't officially assign inspector harrison to the case until fellows returned . 
 fellows would have until after the races to come up with an answer . 
 but he had to go to newmarket . 
 when fellows arrived in newmarket , the entire mackenzie brood already there , the horse-mad aristos of england were abuzz with the latest gossip . 
 the honorable gilbert franklin had proposed to lady louisa scranton , and wedding bells were sure to ring before midsummer . 
 chapter fifteen louisa loved the racing season , loved traveling with cameron mackenzie and his growing family to epsom downs , newmarket , goodwood , doncaster . 
 the mackenzies had a private box in the stands at each course , usually full of the family cheering on cameron 's horses . 
 all the mackenzies had gathered for this newmarket race , including the duke and duchess . 
 the children had come to newmarket as well , though they were currently at the hired house under the watchful eyes of their nannies . 
 cameron , daniel 's father , tall and harsh-voiced , stayed in the box only a short time , impatient to get back to his horses . 
 cameron bore a deep scar on his cheek , evidence of his former unhappiness . 
 louisa watched cam 's second wife , ainsley , rise on her tiptoes to kiss that scar before he left . 
 softness flashed into cameron 's eyes , and the look he gave ainsley was full of heat and fierce joy . 
 cameron left the box , pausing to say something to daniel on his way out . 
 daniel laughed out loud , looking exactly like his father in that moment . 
 `` excellent weather for it , '' gilbert franklin said next to louisa . 
 eleanor had enthusiastically invited gil to attend the races with them . 
 isabella , when informed , had been less than pleased . 
 izzy had been cool to gil since he 'd called at the mount street house the morning after louisa 's encounter in fellows ' flat . 
 gil had asked to speak to louisa alone and then proposed to her , even going down on his knees to do it . 
 weeks ago , isabella had been happy to help louisa with her idea of using the season to try to find a husband . 
 now that gil , the perfect match , had made it clear he wanted louisa to be his wife , izzy barely stopped shy of snubbing him . 
 that she did n't approve was obvious . 
 gil put his warm hand on louisa 's arm , and her shaking started again . 
 every time gil touched her , louisa trembled . 
 any other woman might believe herself madly in love , half swooning at the touch of her beloved , but louisa knew better . 
 she shook because she felt as though she 'd boarded a wrong train , and that train was rocketing off into the wilderness , no way to stop it . 
 when louisa saw the unmistakable form of lloyd fellows approach cameron near the track below , she became suddenly sick to her stomach . 
 `` are you all right , my dear ? '' 
 gil asked her in concern . 
 she really should be more grateful to him , she knew . 
 gil was like clear water , soothing , never troubling . 
 louisa ought to be glad , after all the upsets in her life , to lie still and let the water trickle over her . 
 fellows , on the other hand , was fire . 
 fire burned . 
 even the spark of him was enough to sear her to the bone . 
 louisa always hurt when she was with fellows , and merely looking at him talking to cameron made her ache . 
 fire and water . 
 water should put out the fire and ease the pain . 
 then again , fire that was hot enough jumped over water and continued its destruction . 
 the next race began , and louisa tried to pull her attention to it . 
 one of cameron 's horses was running in it , as well as horses he trained that belonged to other gentlemen . 
 cameron never bet on his own animals , but the other mackenzies usually had a flutter . 
 cameron 's horses were always short odds to win , but it was fun to wager a little . 
 today , gil had gone down to the bookmakers and put money on all the races for him and for louisa . 
 gil did n't sit so close to louisa that he would cause a scandal , but he did keep his arm near hers , so that their shoulders were nearly touching . 
 when he turned to her and smiled , it was like the sun coming out . 
 louisa ought to be deliriously happy . 
 the horses started . 
 the crowd surged to its feet , including everyone in the mackenzie box , and the noise began . 
 ian was the only one who did n't cheer on the horses , but he held his hands ready to clap when his wife did . 
 he still did n't entirely understand the concept of cheering and clapping , but he 'd learned to mimic , so others would not point out his eccentricities . 
 beth cued him these days , her gentle guidance helping him over many a rough moment . 
 cameron 's horse , night-blooming jasmine , running in the mare 's race , easily pulled ahead of the others . 
 jasmine ran as though she could do this all day , then perhaps have a romp in the pasture afterward before going home to enjoy a good grooming . 
 the other horses sprinted to catch up to her , but jasmine leisurely galloped around the track , pulling even farther ahead in the last furlong . 
 she finished first by a long measure . 
 the mackenzie box exploded with noise , daniel and mac standing on the railings and shouting the loudest . 
 ian abandoned clapping to put his arm around beth and give her a hard squeeze . 
 beth was more important to him than a horse winning a race . 
 `` i had no doubt , '' ainsley said , smiling . 
 `` jaz is a wonderful horse . '' 
 she credited jasmine with helping her and cameron through their rough courtship . 
 `` an excellent win . '' 
 gil abandoned propriety to slide his arm around louisa 's waist . 
 `` a little something to feather our nest , eh ? '' 
 isabella , standing on louisa 's other side , gave gil a formidable frown . 
 gil assumed she was unhappy about the arm around louisa 's waist , and withdrew , sending isabella an apologetic grin . 
 `` i 'm very thirsty , '' isabella announced . 
 `` louisa , will you accompany me to the tea tent ? '' 
 mac turned around to her . 
 `` no need to bestir yourself , my love . 
 danny and i will rush down and procure for you anything you wish . 
 you too , louisa ; ladies . '' 
 isabella 's cold look dissolved into a smile . 
 she touched mac 's face , the love in her eyes beautiful to see . 
 `` no thank you , mac . 
 i am making an excuse to take a stroll and speak to my sister . 
 we 're going to gab like mindless females . '' 
 mac raised his hands . 
 `` far be it from me to stand in the way of that . '' 
 `` beth , come with us , '' louisa said quickly . 
 isabella was going to scold , she knew it , but louisa might avoid the worst of it if beth came along to mitigate . 
 `` if it 's all the same , i 'd rather not . '' 
 beth fanned herself . 
 she did n't look tired , but she also did n't like to rush about too much these days . 
 `` i 'll come , '' ainsley said . 
 she gave gil a smile when he bowed and helped her across the box to where louisa and isabella waited . 
 `` eleanor will make certain you are n't abandoned , mr. franklin . '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 eleanor moved from her seat and to the one next to gil . 
 `` we will have ever so much to talk about , now that you want to become part of the family . '' 
 hart sent his wife a suspicious glance , and louisa seconded it . 
 whenever eleanor got that mischievous look in her eyes , there was no telling what she 'd say or do . 
 fortunately hart would be near to quell her if necessary-or to try to quell her , at least . 
 the only person who did n't tremble and obey the mighty hart the instant he growled was eleanor . 
 isabella pulled louisa and ainsley away , and the three of them left the box to pick their way down the stairs to the tea tents below . 
 louisa reflected that she never wanted to see another tea tent in her life , but isabella had her arm firmly through louisa 's , and there was nothing for it but to follow and find out what she wanted . 
 the tea tent they reached was full , ladies in their finest gowns and beautiful hats greeting each other as though it had n't been only a day or two since they 'd been together in london . 
 they chatted while filling their plates with pastries , finger sandwiches , petit fours , scones and clotted cream . 
 as louisa walked in with isabella on one side , ainsley on the other , ladies paused , ceased talking , watched . 
 they did n't quite cut louisa , but they did n't greet her openly either . 
 louisa heard the whispers begin as isabella escorted her to the food tables . 
 `` gilbert franklin actually proposed to her . 
 would he marry her if he thought her a poisoner , do you think ? '' 
 `` all i say is , he 'd better be careful when he drinks his morning tea . '' 
 titters . 
 laughter . 
 izzy said nothing to anyone , and kept louisa close . 
 ainsley , on the other hand , greeted ladies and waved to friends , behaving as though no one openly and rudely discussed louisa . 
 isabella stayed with louisa as they loaded their plates . 
 louisa lifted a profiterole onto a dainty flowered plate and flashed back to holding a similar plate with a cream puff at mrs. leigh-waters ' party . 
 she 'd been looking at the profiterole when hargate had started to choke and gasp . 
 she shivered . 
 ladies who seemed to decide they did n't want to risk offending ainsley and isabella , the wives of the influential mackenzies , ventured to engage them in conversation , and louisa was left relatively alone . 
 louisa wondered anew why isabella had brought her down here . 
 to help her overcome her fear of tea tents ? 
 or to make her face the ladies who stared at her ? 
 she took a determined sip of tea . 
 then louisa set down her cup , snatched her pastry from her plate , and took a large bite . 
 cream slithered out of the soft crust and smeared across her mouth . 
 of course it did . 
 louisa reached for a handkerchief and found isabella no longer by her side . 
 ainsley either . 
 they had become swallowed by friends and acquaintances , absorbed into the chattering mass . 
 louisa did see lloyd fellows look into the tea tent , lock his gaze to her , give her the barest nod , and then turn away . 
 drat it . 
 he had to choose that moment to spy her , did n't he ? 
 when she had cream smeared across her lips , her eyes wide as she looked frantically about for isabella . 
 other ladies were staring at her , and their gazes were not friendly . 
 she heard someone say behind her , `` shame on mr. franklin for leaving better girls in the starting gate . '' 
 louisa slammed the plate to the table and walked out of the tea tent , scrubbing her mouth with her handkerchief . 
 ladies parted to let her pass , their hostile looks barely veiled . 
 she emerged to see inspector fellows heading for the stables . 
 louisa kept a good distance and part of the crowd between her and him as she followed , pretending she was doing nothing more than wandering about looking at horses . 
 had louisa understood his minute signal that she was to follow him ? 
 or had it been her wishful thinking ? 
 she 'd welcome the chance to explain to him about gil . 
 the situation was not what fellows ' thought-what anyone thought . 
 fellows would understand , perhaps , but only if she had a chance to speak to him . 
 fellows walked into the far end of one of the long rows of stables . 
 few people lingered there-a couple of grooms were leading horses out , but that was all . 
 the bulk of the spectators , owners , trainers , and jockeys were in the stands or on the track . 
 no one bothered about one stray lady in pale yellow as she crossed behind horse vans and stable blocks and ducked into the last stable yard . 
 this stable block was n't much in use-a few horses poked their heads over the stall doors as louisa entered , curious as to who was coming to see them . 
 the peace and coolness of the stables started to soothe her . 
 louisa loved horses . 
 as a child , she 'd sought refuge in the barns whenever her lessons in deportment drove her mad , or when the household was too busy making a fuss over isabella to pay attention to louisa . 
 no one had much noticed where louisa had gone . 
 she spied fellows . 
 he stood at the end of the line of loose boxes , his hand on a horse 's nose . 
 he was talking to the animal , the horse basking in his attention . 
 louisa walked toward him , heels clicking on the cobbles . 
 fellows heard her , turned , and scowled formidably . 
 he did n't call out ; he waited until she neared him , then he walked away from her into an open , empty stall . 
 he knew louisa would follow . 
 she ducked inside the stall to find him standing on freshly strewn hay , his arms folded , eyes glinting in the dim light . 
 fire . 
 the shade of the stall was soothing . 
 so were the scent of horses , the pungent smell of feed , and the mellower smells of leather and soap . 
 `` did anyone see you ? '' 
 fellows asked . 
 `` no . 
 i was careful . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` then i was right , '' she said . 
 `` you wanted me to follow you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i need to talk to you . 
 about franklin . 
 you ca n't marry him . '' 
 his gruff tone made her heart beat faster . 
 at the same time , her anger rose . 
 `` i see . 
 do the police approve all marriages now ? '' 
 `` only yours . 
 you are engaged to him ? '' 
 his voice was calm , but full of rage . 
 louisa looked into his hazel eyes to find the fire high . 
 `` no , '' louisa said . 
 she wanted him to know . 
 `` the truth is , gil did propose . 
 i admit i did n't discourage him from asking . 
 he 'd spoken to my mother and my cousin before he called on me . 
 such an old-fashioned gentleman , do n't you think ? 
 they were delighted . '' 
 `` and were you delighted ? '' 
 fellows watched her closely . 
 louisa rubbed her arms , suddenly chilled . 
 `` it was very kind of him . 
 considering my current notoriety , it was brave of him to declare his intentions . 
 but in all honesty-and no one but the family knows this-i have n't given him my answer yet . 
 so no , i am not officially engaged to him . '' 
 fellows lost his stiffness in an instant . 
 `` thank god . '' 
 the words flowed with relief . 
 louisa regarded him in surprise . 
 `` i thought you 'd be pleased to hear i was engaged . 
 that would keep tongues from wagging about me and you , would n't it ? 
 and prevent you being taken off the investigation . 
 i am letting people believe as they wish until i give gil my final answer . '' 
 `` why the devil should i be pleased ? '' 
 his rage was back . 
 `` use the betrothal as a blind if you want , but tell him no . 
 you ca n't marry gilbert franklin . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 i believe you made it clear that you and i are not suited . 
 never will be . 
 that you have no intention of trying to make us suit . '' 
 louisa unlaced her arms to pick at her tight gloves . 
 `` you made it painfully clear . '' 
 `` this has nothing to do with what is between you and me . 
 you ca n't marry franklin for the very simple reason that he is already married . '' 
 louisa had drawn a breath , ready to argue , then the breath lodged in her throat . 
 `` what ? '' 
 fellows gave her a grim nod . 
 `` the not-so-honorable mr. franklin about six years ago married a woman in a village outside rome . 
 he has four children by her . '' 
 louisa staggered . 
 she reached her hand out to the board wall to steady herself . 
 not enough support . 
 she turned to put her back against it . 
 `` four children ... no , that ca n't be . 
 you must be mistaken . 
 you must have the wrong mr. franklin . '' 
 `` it 's not a mistake . '' 
 the words were flat , final . 
 `` but ... '' louisa wet her lips , finding a bit of cream she had n't managed to wipe away . 
 `` good heavens , why did n't you tell me before this ? 
 i 've been considering accepting gil 's offer . 
 seriously considering it , because you gave me no hope . '' 
 `` i did n't know until yesterday evening . 
 i ordered sergeant pierce to find out everything he could about franklin , especially after his name turned up in hargate 's notebook of sinners . 
 i only had the telegrams from rome last night . 
 a copy of a parish register will follow in the post . 
 franklin married her all right . 
 legally . 
 she 's the daughter of a farmer . 
 but i suppose an earl 's son knew he needed a more acceptable bride to please his family and friends . '' 
 louisa remained against the wall , unable to make herself stand . 
 part of her continued to argue . 
 the roman police had to be wrong . 
 fellows was wrong . 
 it must be a mistake . 
 but louisa knew lloyd fellows . 
 he was thorough . 
 he would not make a statement like this until he was absolutely certain of its truth . 
 disbelief fled , and along came anger . 
 louisa balled her fists . 
 `` that absolute rat ! '' 
 she pushed herself off the wall and started to pace . 
 `` how dare he ? 
 to think , i felt sorry for him ! '' 
 her agitated walking brought her up against fellows , or maybe he 'd stepped in front of her . 
 he stood quietly , a rock she could cling to , a calm in the storm . 
 `` and you say hargate was blackmailing him ? '' 
 louisa asked . 
 `` bloody hell . '' 
 the expletive came out-from louisa , who 'd been raised to never dream of swearing . 
 `` i can scarce believe it . 
 devil take all men . '' 
 she looked up at fellows , who watched her from his solid height . 
 `` and you ! '' 
 her fists came up , and she thumped them once to his chest . 
 `` you made me fall in love with you . 
 you made me start to believe you cared for me in return , and then you pushed me away . 
 and i do n't mean because you were worried about risking the investigation . 
 you implied that , even after the investigation was over , there 'd be no hope . 
 how dare you ? '' 
 she pummeled him a few times , but he did n't move , did n't flinch . 
 when louisa wound down , fellows said , `` in love . '' 
 the words were flat , calm , as though he was too stunned to put more emotion behind them . 
 `` yes , in love . 
 good heavens , why else would i chase you about and throw myself at you like a ninny ? 
 i convinced myself i wanted a respectable marriage-to save my family 's reputation and to keep from being pitied , i thought . 
 but i lied to myself . 
 pursuing a marriage was only an excuse to forget about you . 
 but then you started to let me hope . 
 and then you took that hope away . '' 
 louisa 's fists moved again , and fellows grabbed her flailing hands . 
 `` louisa . 
 stop . '' 
 he frowned down at her , his hazel eyes holding something she did n't understand . 
 `` why ? '' 
 louisa tried and failed to jerk away . 
 `` why should n't i shout at you ? 
 you deserve to be shouted at ! '' 
 `` louisa . '' 
 fellows shook her once , hard . 
 `` you have to ... stop . '' 
 louisa looked up at him , startled out of her frenzy . 
 fellows studied her a few heartbeats more , then he dragged her against him . 
 `` you have to stop , sweetheart , '' fellows said . 
 `` because i love you so much , it 's killing me . '' 
 chapter sixteen fellows could n't believe he 'd said the words , but he did n't want to take them back . 
 not with louisa gaping up at him , a fleck of cream still on the corner of her mouth . 
 when he 'd peeked into the tea tent and seen her closing her mouth around the profiterole , the cream smearing across her lips , he 'd had to turn away before he rushed in and hauled her out . 
 not only out of the tea tent , but out of newmarket and back to london and his flat where he could have her all night . 
 he 'd smothered a groan , hoping no one noticed his sudden hard-on , and walked away with difficulty . 
 fellows had wanted to catch her attention , because he needed to warn her off mr. franklin before it was too late . 
 betrothals could be as binding as marriage , especially if the marriage settlements had already been put in motion . 
 even if louisa hated fellows for the information , he refused to stand by and let mr. franklin lie to her and ruin her . 
 he 'd gotten louisa to follow him here so they would n't be seen together . 
 but now , alone with her , in the dim coolness of the stall , fellows knew his mistake . 
 louisa was tight against him , her eyes full of fire , her lips brushed with cream . 
 he could no longer resist her-he only had so much strength . 
 he leaned down and licked the side of her mouth . 
 the sparks he 'd seen inside her ignited . 
 louisa twined her arms around fellows and pulled him down to her for a full , hard , and desperate kiss . 
 they were not leaving . 
 fellows scraped her to him , his hand in her hair . 
 her hat came away and fell to the hay , and he was pulling her up into him , his arm solidly around her . 
 louisa kissed him with urgency . 
 her hands scrabbled on his back , his neck , his shoulders . 
 she was n't an experienced kisser , not seductive and sultry like a courtesan , and fellows did n't care . 
 she was his . 
 a few steps had her against the wall . 
 fellows lifted her , hooking his arm around her hips . 
 her skirts came up as her leg twined around his . 
 fellows pushed the petticoats out of the way to find her warm thigh , bare under the lawn of her loose drawers . 
 he broke the kiss to touch his lips to her face , her hair . 
 `` louisa , '' he said , the whisper hoarse . 
 `` marry me . '' 
 her intake of breath was sharp . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` marry me . 
 i can promise you damn all , but i need you in my life . 
 i 'll take care of you better than that bastard franklin ever could . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 louisa touched his face . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` then say yes . 
 you are so high above me it makes my head spin to look at you , but i ca n't let you go . 
 those bloody aristos will use you and make you miserable . 
 i promise i will never do that . '' 
 he touched his forehead to hers , brushed a hard thumb across her cheek . 
 `` please , louisa . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 louisa let out a breathless laugh . 
 `` yes , i will . 
 i 'll marry you . 
 dearest lloyd . '' 
 `` thank god . '' 
 fellows ' prayer was heartfelt . 
 `` thank god . '' 
 he sank to his knees and pulled her down with him , cradling her in his arms as he laid her down on the soft hay . 
 his fervent hands unlaced her drawers and pulled them off , moving her skirts to cushion her . 
 this was not what fellows wanted for her , no elegance here , but he could n't stop . 
 his was a crude and fierce need , animal-like-fitting that they were in a stable . 
 louisa did n't stop him or push him away . 
 she slid her hand through his hair , the desire in her eyes reflecting his . 
 fellows got his buttons open , his trousers loosened . 
 he moved his hand to her bare thigh again , then higher , his fingers sinking into her breathtaking heat . 
 louisa started , and he softened his touch , knowing she 'd not felt this before . 
 he gently stroked her opening , feeling the wetness increase . 
 she was excited for him , needy . 
 his c ** k pulsing with the rapid beating of his heart was just as needy . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you , '' he said , or thought he said . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 she nodded , her eyes growing heavy with pleasure . 
 fellows ' fingers continued their dance , and louisa 's body became more and more pliant . 
 she murmured something in bliss , her smile widening and warming . 
 fellows laced his arm behind her hips and lifted her to him ; at the same time he fitted himself to her and slowly , slowly pushed inside . 
 his world changed . 
 a mix of wild excitement and incredible tenderness spiraled through him , in addition to the wonder of being tightly inside her . 
 her head went back , eyes closing . 
 her small gasp as he broke through her barrier made him stop . 
 fellows caressed her , soothed her , his hands shaking . 
 he knew he 'd hurt her ; he had n't wanted it to . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asked her softly . 
 `` yes , i 'm ... '' louisa rose to him , her body knowing what to do . 
 `` i 'm all right . 
 i love you . '' 
 whatever fellows tried to say in reply was incoherent . 
 he slid on inside her , a crazed feeling flooding him as they connected . 
 he lost all sense of time , of place . 
 he was with louisa , bodies together . 
 her fingers , still hugged by leather gloves , brushed his face . 
 the cool of them lent a sharp contrast to the heat of her . 
 erotic , joyful . 
 fellows kissed her , their lips seeking each other 's , bruising . 
 he thrust inside her , growing stronger as she opened more for him . 
 this beautiful woman with her soft scent , her sweet body , was his . 
 `` louisa , '' he said . 
 `` louisa . 
 bloody hell . '' 
 too soon , too soon ... his climax hit him . 
 he kept thrusting into her , louisa crying out with it and her own pleasure , her gloved fingers gripping his shoulders . 
 fellows went on , hips rocking . 
 he needed her , needed all of her . 
 he could n't form the words , but the thoughts were there . 
 you are the beauty i 've been seeking all my life . 
 my existence was dark , grim , full of struggle , until you . 
 you are the light that pushes the darkness away . 
 when i 'm with you , i can see my way , and i can breathe again . 
 all that came out was , `` i love you . '' 
 louisa smiled , her eyes soft with the passion of what they did . 
 `` i love you too . 
 my dearest lloyd . '' 
 and that was enough . 
 *** they were sitting up together against the wall , she on his lap . 
 louisa felt stretched and different . 
 the world looked different to her too , as though colors she 'd never seen before had suddenly become clear to her . 
 she leaned against lloyd 's shoulder , he with his arm around her . 
 they 'd kissed quietly for a long time on the hay , then he 'd withdrawn , lifted louisa to his lap , and held her close . 
 louisa did n't want to leave for the harsh light of the afternoon , not yet . 
 they sat on the giving hay , not speaking . 
 basking . 
 lloyd took her left hand in his , slid off her glove , and pressed a kiss to her third finger . 
 `` i will give you a ring . 
 it wo n't have nearly the diamond franklin would have given you , but it will be something . '' 
 louisa wanted to laugh . 
 `` i 'd rather have a band of tin from you than the kohinoor diamond from gil . 
 what you give me will be true . '' 
 he continued to caress her finger . 
 `` if i had n't told you what i told you about franklin , would you have accepted him ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 louisa could say it honestly and decidedly . 
 `` i would have turned him down . 
 i thought at one time he 'd be the perfect husband for me . 
 but perfection ... it 's cloying , dull sameness . '' 
 fellows laughed his dry laugh . 
 `` well , i am nothing like perfection . '' 
 `` you 're better . 
 you 're you . '' 
 louisa squeezed his arm . 
 she belonged to him now , and she liked that feeling . 
 `` gil is apparently a liar , a cheat , and a manipulator . 
 hargate was even worse . '' 
 she lifted her head . 
 `` you do n't think gil killed hargate for knowing his secret , do you ? 
 i 'll not forgive gil for deceiving me so dreadfully , but i 'm not sure he 'd go so far as murder . '' 
 `` you would be surprised who would go so far as murder . '' 
 fellows gave her a soft kiss . 
 `` would you consider beginning your life as a policeman 's wife by helping me catch a killer ? 
 i do n't have the evidence to apply for an arrest warrant yet , and i have to be careful about it . 
 i wo n't push you to help me , because there is some danger involved . 
 i wo n't lie about that . '' 
 `` of course i 'll help , '' louisa said . 
 `` i 'll gladly assist you proving i did n't do it . 
 i 'd gladly assist you even if i had n't been suspected . 
 i did n't much like hargate , but i watched him die-i would n't wish such a terrifying death on anyone . '' 
 `` before you agree , wait until i tell you what i have in mind , '' fellows said . 
 `` i had planned to ask eleanor to help , because she 's resilient , though hart would throttle me when he found out what i asked her to do . '' 
 `` i 'm resilient . '' 
 louisa sat up and took his hands . 
 `` please , i want to help you . 
 you 've done so much for me . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 a grim light entered fellows ' eyes then , as the police detective returned , and he outlined his plan to her . 
 *** louisa entered the family 's box a different woman than when she 'd left it . 
 she 'd spent a while in the horse stall putting herself to rights , lloyd having to pick bits of hay out of every piece of louisa 's clothing and her hair . 
 he 'd laughed as he 'd done it-she loved his laugh , the deep , warm one that held none of his self-deprecation or bitterness . 
 louisa had left the stable yard alone , pretending she 'd done nothing but linger to pet the horses . 
 she made her way back to the mackenzie box , nodding and smiling at ladies who still watched her with contempt . 
 ainsley and isabella had already returned to the box , both of them giving louisa sharp looks when she entered . 
 gil greeted her warmly . 
 `` louisa , my sweet , i was worried about you . 
 where did you disappear to ? '' 
 louisa shrugged , hoping her warm face and the new softness in her body did n't betray her . 
 `` chatting to people is all . 
 and looking at horses . 
 i love horses , you know . '' 
 `` well , it 's good to have you back to myself , '' gil said . 
 he smiled his warm smile , full of friendliness , no less sincere than when she 'd left him an hour ago . 
 louisa had felt slightly guilty to receive his kind attentions then ; now he only irritated her . 
 what a difference an hour made ! 
 gil sat next to her and again moved close without being too obvious . 
 but now the movement seemed possessive and arrogant , as though gil implied he knew exactly how to behave and louisa did not . 
 `` i long to travel , '' louisa said to him . 
 `` to lands far away . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 gil raised his brows at the non sequitur . 
 `` yes , i enjoy travel . 
 but there 's something to be said for good old england , is n't there ? '' 
 `` that 's true , but i very much enjoy my journeys to scotland . 
 such wild land there , some of it quite rough . 
 but beautiful , i think . 
 land untouched by any but god . '' 
 `` yes , scotland can be lovely , '' gil agreed , obviously wondering why on earth she 'd brought it up . 
 `` but i 've never been abroad . 
 i was n't able to have a grand tour . 
 perhaps we could go together , gil . 
 i 'd especially love to see the italian cities : florence , venice , rome . 
 shall we go to rome ? '' 
 gil stared at her as though she 'd lost her senses . 
 `` i suppose . 
 rome is a bit crowded . 
 hot in the summer . 
 loud . '' 
 `` is it ? 
 but there is so much history there , and art . 
 and i thought you partial to the city . '' 
 `` well , yes , it can be beautiful , '' gil said , still bewildered . 
 `` but really , i think we ought to stay in northern climes . 
 for instance , paris in the summer is heavenly . '' 
 `` i think i 'd prefer rome . 
 i hear some of the outlying towns are very pretty . 
 perhaps you can introduce me to your acquaintance there . '' 
 gil looked at her in confusion for a few moments longer , then louisa saw him realize that she knew . 
 his brows came down , lower , lower , in puzzlement , worry , anger . 
 `` louisa . '' 
 louisa patted his arm . 
 `` do not worry , gil . 
 i would n't make any sort of trouble for you . 
 but it is a bit unfair to her , is n't it ? 
 oh , and to me . 
 marrying me under false pretenses , i mean . '' 
 the last statement brought the other conversations in the box to a halt . 
 heads turned . 
 gilbert suddenly found himself under the scrutiny of four pairs of mackenzie eyes , and the equally stony stares of the mackenzie wives . 
 gil 's face lost color . 
 `` it is n't ... the marriage was n't legal . '' 
 `` i have been told that it was legal without doubt , '' louisa said . 
 `` from a very good source . 
 i am certain she insisted on it , wise lady . 
 i think you 'd better confess your sins , gil . 
 to your parents , to your friends , to me . 
 is bringing your true wife to england such a difficulty ? '' 
 `` louisa . '' 
 gil tried frantically to lower his voice , but too late . 
 `` it was nothing . 
 a youthful indiscretion is all . 
 long ago . '' 
 daniel broke in . 
 `` ah , those youthful indiscretions . 
 always come back to haunt one , do n't they ? '' 
 mac laughed . 
 `` you 're too young to have youthful indiscretions haunting you , danny . '' 
 `` do n't be so certain , '' ainsley said . 
 `` you 'd be amazed what comes to light about our daniel . 
 but you were speaking of your indiscretions , gil . 
 do not let us interrupt . '' 
 gilbert kept his gaze on louisa . 
 `` you must believe me , louisa . 
 i was very young . 
 it was mad and brief , and over . '' 
 louisa 's anger had climbed down a long way since she 'd first learned gilbert 's guilty secret . 
 wild happiness had erased most of her outrage . 
 now she could pity him , but the anger was still there . 
 gil had cold-bloodedly decided he 'd lie to louisa , and to his true wife , to deceive everyone . 
 it was base and mean . 
 `` i would believe you , gil , '' louisa said . 
 `` but four children ? 
 four little ones hardly indicates that you 've left the affair far in the past . '' 
 gil dropped the innocent look . 
 `` bloody hell . '' 
 `` a wife and four children , mr. franklin ? '' 
 hart 's eagle gaze skewered him . 
 `` indeed , '' louisa said . 
 `` they live in a village near rome . 
 gil married her ... about six years ago , was it , gil ? 
 i imagine you realized your father would kick up a fuss if he discovered you 'd married an italian farmer 's daughter , so you decided to take an english wife of noble birth to keep him happy . '' 
 gil seized her hands . 
 `` no , louisa . 
 i asked you to marry me because i want to marry you . 
 i will divorce her . 
 i am having difficulty , i will admit-she 's catholic and wo n't hear of it . 
 but i promise , i 'll get out of it . 
 i have my best solicitors on it . '' 
 louisa tried to withdraw her hands , but gilbert held them hard . 
 she shook her head , realizing as she did so , that a piece of hay still rested on her shoulder . 
 daniel had noticed it , according to the sudden shrewd look he gave her . 
 `` it makes no difference to me whether you extract yourself from the marriage or not , '' louisa said to gil . 
 `` you must see that . 
 i rather think you were n't going to tell me about it at all , were you ? '' 
 `` i will obtain the divorce , '' gil said stubbornly . 
 `` i wo n't hold you to anything , louisa . 
 we wo n't announce an engagement , even , if you do n't want to , until it 's done . 
 but please , do n't say no . 
 i love you . '' 
 hart had left his place in the corner of the box to take a seat next to gil . 
 `` you 're in a bad place , franklin , '' he said . 
 `` louisa is trying to tell you to take yourself away from her . 
 i 'll go further and tell you to leave england altogether . 
 go back to italy and acknowledge your wife and children . 
 if you do n't think they 'll be happy in england , then stay with them and settle down there . '' 
 gil drew himself up . 
 `` do not presume to tell me what to do , kilmorgan . 
 your copybook is blotted far worse than mine . '' 
 `` it 's the nature of the blots that are important , '' hart said . 
 `` secret wives cause all sorts of legal complications . 
 and then there are your children . 
 four , louisa said ? 
 all yours ? '' 
 `` yes , '' gil snapped . 
 `` then acknowledge them as yours . 
 raise them . 
 be a father to them . 
 the cruelest thing you can do in this world , franklin , is to not acknowledge your sons and daughters . 
 do n't let them grow up believing their father does n't want them . '' 
 like lloyd . 
 he grew up knowing his father had rejected him . 
 hart understood that . 
 louisa read remorse in hart 's eyes for what his father had done . 
 `` they 've done nothing to deserve that , '' louisa said in avid agreement . 
 `` louisa , please . '' 
 louisa got to her feet . 
 gil , trained in politeness from the cradle , rose to his at the same time . 
 but louisa had reached the end of her patience with him . 
 `` i wo n't marry you , gil . 
 not now , not if you obtain a divorce . 
 you may as well go to italy and stay there . 
 i think you should leave at once . 
 i 'm sure you can find a train that will carry you to dover this very evening . '' 
 `` louisa ... '' `` no , gil . 
 i 'd like you to go now . '' 
 louisa took a step away from him , intending to join the ladies . 
 gil reached for her , desperation on his face . 
 louisa sidestepped his outstretched hands , tripped , and came down on the same foot she 'd wrenched dancing . 
 she cried out and started to fall . 
 gil snatched at her in true alarm and missed . 
 another hand caught louisa under her arm , lifting her up again . 
 ian . 
 he frowned down at her , the look in his eyes telling louisa he knew everything that was going on and everything that would come . 
 how he knew , louisa did n't bother trying to understand . 
 what ian did and did n't know was always astonishing to her . 
 `` wretched foot . '' 
 louisa took a step and cried out again . 
 ian 's grip tightened , and daniel sprang to her other side , supporting her between himself and ian . 
 `` sit down , aunt louisa , '' daniel said . 
 `` i 'll fetch angelo . 
 he 's excellent at binding up fetlocks . '' 
 louisa grimaced . 
 `` thank you , danny , but i believe i 've done more to my fetlock than i previously thought . '' 
 `` she 's right , '' isabella said worriedly . 
 `` we 'll take you to a doctor , dear . 
 i 'm sure there are competent surgeons in newmarket . '' 
 ian looked at daniel . 
 `` we will take her . '' 
 `` we will ? '' 
 daniel blinked . 
 `` yes , of course we will . 
 come along , auntie . 
 ian and i will take care of you . '' 
 isabella tried to follow , but ian had louisa hauled out of the box so quickly that isabella got left behind . 
 when ian reached the stairs , he abandoned trying to help louisa walk and simply lifted her into his arms . 
 ian did n't much like touching people , or people touching him . 
 he welcomed hugs from beth and his children , tolerated them from his brothers and daniel , but he slid away from everyone else . 
 now ian cradled louisa close , never minding that she clasped her hands around his neck to hold on . 
 ian walked rapidly and grimly down the stairs with her , as though he carried a mackenzie dog that had hurt itself . 
 and possibly , louisa mused , ian thought of louisa as little different from them . 
 daniel ran ahead and found the doctor ian sought . 
 the man 's eyes widened when he saw louisa , pale and hurt , and changed from the social gentleman to the professional . 
 `` bring her in here , '' he said , gesturing to one of the tents . 
 this one was empty , whatever use it had been put to finished , tables strewn about waiting to be carried away . 
 daniel made certain a table was clear , and ian laid louisa on it . 
 louisa bit her lip , trying to look brave . 
 one of sir richard cavanaugh 's lackeys hurried in with his bag and departed just as quickly . 
 sir richard ran his hand competently over louisa 's ankle , and she made a noise of pain when he squeezed the right place . 
 `` i 'll need to examine it more closely-it might be broken . 
 gentlemen , if you 'll go ? '' 
 he meant that he might have to expose louisa 's bare ankle . 
 daniel and ian were n't closely enough related to her that it would be proper for them to see that . 
 silly , but sir richard had likely learned long ago to adhere strictly to the rules . 
 hence his knighthood . 
 `` wait for isabella first , '' daniel suggested . 
 louisa waved him off . 
 `` no , please go . 
 the quicker he finishes , the quicker i 'll be out of pain . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 ian , without a word , put his hand on daniel 's shoulder , turned the puzzled young man around , and marched him out of the tent . 
 daniel went , but with reluctance . 
 `` now then , lady louisa . '' 
 sir richard worked the stopper from a small green bottle and held it out to her . 
 `` take the smallest sniff of this . 
 it will relax you and make you feel better . '' 
 louisa regarded the bottle with suspicion . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` just a sedative . 
 see ? '' 
 sir richard waved the bottle under his own nose . 
 `` nothing noxious . '' 
 he held it out to her again . 
 louisa took a small sniff , smelling something sharp and sweet . 
 she lay down on the table again , the pain almost evaporating , or at least receding to someplace far away . 
 louisa 's limbs relaxed , and she drew a long breath . 
 `` that 's nice , '' she said . 
 `` just a touch of ether , '' sir richard said . 
 `` i do n't want my examination to hurt you . '' 
 he picked up her foot , unlaced and drew off her boot , and slid his hand up her leg to take down her stocking . 
 all quick , competent , professional . 
 he rotated her foot this way and that , pressed her ankle , and then ran warm hands all over her foot . 
 `` i do n't think you 've broken anything , fortunately , lady louisa . 
 a mild sprain is all , though they can hurt very much . 
 i 'll bind the foot and give you something for the pain . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he was kind , really . 
 `` you 're nice , '' louisa said . 
 then she drew a breath . 
 why on earth had she said that ? 
 `` lovely of you to say so , my dear . '' 
 sir richard smiled at her , then something else entered his eyes . 
 `` you have beautiful legs , louisa . 
 a pity no one sees them . '' 
 louisa 's dry lips parted . 
 `` i beg your - '' she broke off with a little squeak as sir richard put his hand on her ankle again . 
 it did n't hurt , but she watched , wide-eyed , as he caressed her leg all the way to the knee , the touch no longer that of a compassionate doctor . 
 `` very nice , '' he said , his voice thick with pleasure . 
 louisa wanted to shriek and kick , but the sedative he 'd given her made her giggle instead . 
 how very awful . 
 lloyd had been right after all . 
 `` he generally is , '' louisa said before she could stop herself . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 sir richard went on caressing behind her knee , his fingers sliding under the hem of her drawers . 
 `` who generally is what ? '' 
 `` lloyd . 
 he 's always right about people . 
 he 's very clever . '' 
 `` i 'm certain . '' 
 it was apparent sir richard had no idea who `` lloyd '' was . 
 he did n't connect the name with the police inspector who 'd interviewed him-how very rude of him . 
 `` louisa , my dear , you are quite a beautiful woman . '' 
 sir richard withdrew his hand from her skirt only to slide it up her bodice and her bosom . 
 he squeezed her breast , then started to undo the buttons that closed the bodice to her chin . 
 `` let me loosen your gown , so you can breathe easier . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the open buttons did let her draw a long breath . 
 `` help , '' she tried to shout , but the word came out quietly . 
 `` hush now , '' sir richard said . 
 `` we do n't have much time . 
 someone will come soon . 
 that makes it a bit more exciting , does n't it ? '' 
 he drew her placket apart and put his large , rather soft hand on her breast ... a very large fist connected with the side of sir richard 's face . 
 louisa 's eyes widened as sir richard staggered , blood appearing on his temple . 
 he tried to keep to his feet , then he fell over like a tree in a storm and lay stunned on the wilted grass . 
 louisa looked at the fist that had done the punching and recognized the black leather gloves lloyd liked to wear . 
 the punch had been very competent . 
 louisa tried to leverage herself up on her elbows , then she gave up and laughed . 
 sir richard struggled to rise . 
 a large boot , this one belonging to sergeant pierce , landed on the man 's chest . 
 `` now then , sir , '' pierce said . 
 `` just you rest there a bit . '' 
 the tent seemed to be full of people all the sudden . 
 ian mackenzie , thunder in his eyes , put his booted foot on sir richard 's chest as well . 
 sir richard was n't going anywhere . 
 the rest of the mackenzies , including isabella , took up the rest of the small tent . 
 gilbert , fortunately , was nowhere in sight . 
 fellows had shrugged off his coat and now he draped it over louisa . 
 she smiled up at him and touched his strong hand . 
 `` did i do all right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't know he 'd give me such a strong sedative . 
 i could n't scream for help . '' 
 `` you did fine . 
 thank you . '' 
 lloyd leaned down and kissed the top of her head . 
 no one looked surprised , least of all ian , the crafty devil . 
 isabella was giving fellows a hard look . 
 `` do you mean to say , chief inspector , that you used my sister as bait ? '' 
 daniel laughed . 
 `` it was well done . 
 i never suspected , until ian told me . '' 
 `` ian knew ? '' 
 this from mac , who came to stand protectively near louisa with isabella . 
 `` why did no one tell me ? 
 i 'm still not clear on everything , come to think of it . '' 
 `` i needed an ally who could keep his mouth shut , '' fellows said . 
 `` and one who would look after louisa . 
 ian was the obvious choice . 
 thank you , ian . '' 
 ian only nodded . 
 at one time , louisa had heard from isabella , ian had possessed fury to the point of violence against lloyd , especially when lloyd had tried to use beth to get to ian and hart . 
 now ian gave fellows a satisfied look , an acknowledgment of camaraderie . 
 he pushed a little harder on sir richard 's chest with his boot , making sir richard cry out . 
 fellows moved back to sir richard , took the iron cuffs sergeant pierce held out to him , and snapped them around sir richard 's wrists . 
 `` sir richard cavanaugh , i am arresting you for the murder of frederick lane , the bishop of hargate . 
 i will take you to a magistrate , who will examine you and determine if there is cause to bind you over for trial . '' 
 `` on what evidence ? '' 
 sir richard scoffed . 
 `` you have none . '' 
 `` oh , i have plenty . '' 
 fellows tapped sir richard 's doctor 's bag . 
 `` all in here . 
 and in your surgery , and at your house , and in the bishop of hargate 's notes . 
 i will try to make sure all the lady patients you 've molested over the years , the poor women too afraid and ashamed to say anything against you , will be present in the gallery at your trial . 
 not enough justice for them , i think , but it will have to do . 
 a man of your standing might wriggle out of a charge of indecent behavior , even sexual assault , but i intend to see you go down for murder . '' 
 lloyd 's voice was quiet but held the weight of authority . 
 sir richard was furious , but he was down now . 
 he could n't fight . 
 louisa , still drunk with sedative , raised her head and curled her lip . 
 `` you are disgusting , '' she said clearly . 
 then she found herself rushing back down to the table . 
 `` oh , my . '' 
 she reached for lloyd and held his hand when he gave it to her . 
 `` i think i 'll sleep now . '' 
 lloyd kissed her forehead , his rough whiskers brushing her skin . 
 `` i 'll be with you when you wake . '' 
 and he was . 
 chapter seventeen `` you must explain all to us , dear lloyd , '' eleanor said from her place at the foot of the table . 
 a mackenzie family dinner was taking place at the duke of kilmorgan 's mansion on grosvenor square several days after their return from newmarket . 
 a family dinner meant all the mackenzies , including fellows and daniel , louisa , and fellows ' mother . 
 they dined informally , no place settings to conform to . 
 the guests could sit where they chose , with whom they chose . 
 the only structure to the table was that hart sat at the head , eleanor at its foot . 
 ian claimed the chair next to beth , daniel was with his father and stepmother , and mrs. fellows sat next to louisa , delighting in every moment of the gathering . 
 she was highly pleased with fellows ' choice of bride and kept smiling broadly at louisa . 
 `` i knew he had good taste , '' she said . 
 `` you are the sweetest little thing , louisa . 
 you do know that ? '' 
 when eleanor demanded the story , the rest of the table quieted . 
 fellows , on louisa 's other side , calmly laid down his fork . 
 `` louisa 's hatpin , '' he said . 
 they waited for him to go on . 
 when he did n't , daniel said , `` what are we supposed to understand from that ? 
 play fair , uncle fellows . 
 you have to tell the less clever of us what that means . '' 
 fellows did n't smile , but louisa could see he was enjoying teasing them all . 
 he took a sip of wine , gave daniel an acknowledging nod , and went on . 
 `` when i saw louisa sticking hatpins into her hat , it gave me the idea . 
 if someone coated a pin or needle with a poison and stuck it into someone , perhaps that person might not die instantly , especially if it was a low enough dose . 
 or if the pin had been coated with a sedative instead of a poison , the victim might simply grow sick or perhaps fall unconscious . 
 if sir richard cavanaugh spoke to hargate before he went into the tea tent , perhaps clapped him on the shoulder or shook his hand , he 'd have the opportunity to stick something into him surreptitiously . 
 cavanaugh , as a doctor , would have needles at his disposal . 
 hargate begins to grow ill in the tea tent . 
 louisa runs out for the doctor . 
 cavanaugh comes to investigate , finds hargate on the ground . 
 a final prick of prussic acid finishes the job , or perhaps cavanaugh poured it into hargate 's mouth while he examined him . 
 he had the prussic acid in his doctor 's bag , in a little bottle , along with his medicines and sedatives . 
 he could also pretend to try to revive the man and wave the poison under his nose . 
 inhaling prussic acid can be just as deadly as imbibing it . '' 
 `` but it was in the teacup , was n't it ? '' 
 ainsley asked , puzzled . 
 `` the one louisa handed to the bishop . '' 
 fellows shook his head . 
 `` cavanaugh saw it lying broken on the ground . 
 easy for him to drop a little poison onto the pieces after the fact . 
 he made certain to lecture us , the plodding policemen , on how prussic acid killed a man , and pointed out an obvious way hargate could have taken the poison . 
 he also had a suspect at hand-lady louisa , whose father had swindled hargate . 
 hargate was still demanding repayment from her family , and perhaps told cavanaugh of his plan to ask her to marry him in exchange for forgiving the debt . 
 or hargate told someone else , and cavanaugh heard the gossip . 
 in any case , hargate was blackmailing cavanaugh over cavanaugh 's practice of sedating women and taking advantage of them . 
 the poison found in the teacup would point to louisa , as would the bottle cavanaugh managed to slip into louisa 's pocket . 
 if hargate had been standing with someone else when he died , no doubt cavanaugh would have found a way to point to them . 
 that was an advantage of killing a man at a large gathering-so many handy suspects . '' 
 `` it is all so cruel , '' isabella said angrily . 
 `` especially to louisa . 
 if i had n't been able to convince mrs. leigh-waters to telegraph for you , the richmond police would have arrested her . '' 
 `` i hope someone would have sent for me even if isabella had n't telegraphed , '' lloyd said , giving the table a stern look . 
 `` of course we would have , '' daniel said . 
 `` you 're the best detective in the yard . '' 
 `` louisa is important to me . '' 
 fellows slid his hand over louisa 's . 
 `` very important . '' 
 `` which is why you moved heaven and earth to help her , '' daniel said . 
 he grinned . 
 `` we tumbled to that . '' 
 `` a june wedding , '' isabella said . 
 `` not much time to prepare , but louisa will have the most beautiful gown and a lovely ceremony . 
 all the trimmings . 
 st. george 's , hanover square ? '' 
 `` no , '' louisa said . 
 `` we 've discussed it . 
 a quiet family wedding is what we want . 
 not all of london gawping at us at a fashionable church . 
 we 'd like to marry either in berkshire or at kilmorgan . 
 just the family , isabella . '' 
 louisa gave her a severe look , then added one for the duchess . 
 `` eleanor . '' 
 both ladies looked innocent . 
 `` you may trust us , '' isabella said . 
 `` we 'll give you exactly what you need . 
 the world will be green with envy that they could n't attend . '' 
 louisa let out a sigh . 
 `` a quiet wedding , izzy . '' 
 `` yes , yes , i heard you the first time . '' 
 mac winked at louisa across the table . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'll rein her in if she gets too flighty . '' 
 `` i am not flighty , mac mackenzie , '' isabella said indignantly . 
 `` yes , you are , my sweet sassenach . '' 
 isabella 's cheeks went prettily pink . 
 she subsided , but louisa knew she 'd have to keep an eye on her sister . 
 isabella loved to come up with grand occasions . 
 `` i wo n't have a mansion to take you to , '' fellows said to louisa as other conversations began again . 
 `` i have enough salary for a modest house , but not in the fashionable district . 
 and no hordes of servants . 
 one or two at most . 
 are you certain you do n't want to reconsider ? '' 
 louisa leaned her head against his strong shoulder . 
 `` those are practical things . 
 we 'll work them out . 
 i am so very good at being practical . '' 
 mrs. fellows winked at louisa . 
 `` do n't worry , dear . 
 i have plenty of dusters put aside you can borrow . 
 and i 'll show you how to black a stove . '' 
 `` mum , '' fellows said , half weary , half affectionate . 
 `` i 'm only teasing , '' mrs. fellows said . 
 `` but the dusters will be handy . '' 
 lloyd did n't look convinced , but louisa would show him she 'd be fine . 
 she 'd grown up with every luxury handed to her , but she 'd learned how empty that luxurious life could be . 
 her father had used his money and position dishonorably , had betrayed his friends ' trust . 
 louisa had discovered how to live simply once the money was gone , she and her mother staying alone in the dower house . 
 it was n't money and a title that made one honorable , louisa had learned , but one 's character and actions . 
 and lloyd had plenty of honor . 
 ian alone had n't spoken throughout the meal . 
 he 'd listened to lloyd 's explanation of cavanaugh 's actions then gone back to eating without a word . 
 now he put his arm around beth and kissed her hair . 
 `` what do you think , ian ? '' 
 louisa asked him across the table . 
 `` lloyd and i will do well together , wo n't we ? '' 
 ian did n't answer right away . 
 the table quieted , waiting for ian 's words of wisdom , but when it became clear he was n't ready to respond , they took up conversing again . 
 the family had learned not to push him . 
 finally ian looked at louisa . 
 he met her eyes full on , warmth and intelligence in his gaze . 
 `` i believe he loves you . '' 
 `` i believe ian 's right , '' fellows said quietly . 
 louisa did n't answer in words . 
 she tugged lloyd down to her and kissed him , her heart in the kiss . 
 she did n't care who saw , and neither did lloyd . 
 he put his arm around her and let the kiss turn passionate . 
 daniel whooped , and the ladies applauded . 
 louisa broke from lloyd , laughing . 
 mrs. fellows dabbed her cheek with her napkin . 
 `` aw , look at that , '' she said . 
 `` you made your old mum cry . '' 
 lloyd did n't smile . 
 the look in his eyes when he leaned down and kissed louisa again was full of love , and full of heat . 
 fire burned , but it also warmed . 
 epilogue june , 1885 the woods north of kilmorgan were deep , isolated , quiet . 
 the two men in kilts had walked a long way , hart leading , his half brother following . 
 fellows acknowledged that a kilt was good for walking in the woods . 
 thick boots and socks kept the underbrush from scratching his legs , and the wool of the kilt kept him warm as he and hart made their way through the cool , dim forest . 
 fellows ' wedding to louisa had been more or less a blur , and thoughts of it came to him in a series of images . 
 he standing in the kilmorgan chapel , a minister before him , hart at his side as his groomsman . 
 aimee mackenzie scattering flower petals down the aisle , isabella mackenzie following her . 
 then louisa walking in on ian 's arm , and everything else fading . 
 fellows knew he 'd said the vows , put the gold ring on louisa 's finger , done everything right . 
 but all he could remember was louisa in ivory satin , her smile behind her gauze veil , the sweet-smelling yellow roses in her flame-red hair . 
 once fellows was married to her , he 'd lifted the barrier of the veil , taken her into his arms , and kissed her . 
 and kissed her . 
 one taste of her had not been enough . 
 only louisa had existed for him as they 'd stood in the sunlight coming through the chapel 's plain windows . 
 her warmth , her touch , her love . 
 as the kiss went on , the rest of the family had started to clap , then to laugh , until finally , hart had tapped fellows on the shoulder and told him to take it to the house . 
 fellows was n't certain how he 'd gotten through the wedding festivities afterward . 
 it had still been light , the june sunshine lasting far into the night , when he 'd at last taken louisa to the bedroom prepared for them-one well away from the rest of the family . 
 that night was imprinted on his memory forever . 
 louisa and he under the sheets , lloyd inside her , her light touch , her kisses , the little feminine sounds she made as she reached her deepest pleasure . 
 lloyd had touched her and loved her far into the night , until they 'd slept , exhausted . 
 as soon as morning light brushed them-very early-louisa had wakened him with a kiss . 
 she 'd smiled sleepily at him , and lloyd had rolled onto her and loved her again . 
 that had been three days ago . 
 they 'd spent most of that time in their bedroom . 
 daniel remarked , when they 'd finally emerged , that he was surprised either of them could walk . 
 today , hart had wanted to take fellows on a ramble through the woods . 
 he would n't say why , but fellows , being the great detective he was , realized the outing was important to hart . 
 after about half an hour of tramping , hart stopped . 
 they were in a small clearing , woods thick around them , the evergreen branches shutting out the sky . 
 `` this is where it happened , '' hart said . 
 `` where our father died . '' 
 hart had told fellows the true story of their father 's death , after hart 's marriage to eleanor . 
 not the widely circulated public version of the duke falling from his horse and breaking his neck , nor the story hart had told the family , that the old duke had accidentally shot himself . 
 hart had told fellows the truth . 
 all of it . 
 only hart had known , and he 'd told only eleanor . 
 `` father lived his life in hatred , '' hart said now . 
 `` and he tried to pass that hatred on to us . 
 he hated me because i was his heir , and he knew i 'd push him out one day . 
 he hated my brothers because our mother loved them , and because i took care of them better than he ever could . 
 he hated you because you reminded him he had no control over himself , or over the world , as much as he pretended to . '' 
 `` i 'm glad we finished with the hatred , '' fellows said . 
 hart looked around the clearing , the tension in him easing a bit . 
 `` maybe the hatred made us stronger . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , '' fellows said . 
 `` it kept us apart , and weak . 
 love is better . '' 
 hart grinned . 
 when he did that , he looked as he had as a very young man-handsome , devilishly arrogant , certain he 'd rule the world . 
 `` did louisa teach you that ? '' 
 `` yes , '' fellows said without shame . 
 `` as eleanor taught you . '' 
 he studied hart for a time . 
 `` i kept it , you know . 
 i still have it . '' 
 hart stared at his abrupt change of subject . 
 `` kept what ? '' 
 `` the shilling you gave me when i was ten years old . 
 you must have been about that age too . '' 
 hart frowned . 
 `` i 'm not recalling ... '' `` the duke 's coach pulled up in high holborn-he was on his way to lincoln 's inn . 
 a traffic snarl , of my making , stopped the carriage . 
 the duke got down to see what was the matter . 
 i 'd planned to tell him i was his son that day . 
 he was supposed to look astonished then welcome me into the coach and take me home with him . 
 instead , he beat me . 
 you looked happy that i took my fists to him , and you gave me a shilling . '' 
 hart 's expression cleared . 
 `` i remember now . 
 that boy was you ? '' 
 `` you would n't have noticed a resemblance with my face so filthy . 
 not to mention bruised and bloody . '' 
 `` good lord . 
 i wish i 'd known . '' 
 he gave fellows a grim smile . 
 `` yes , i was happy you pummeled him . 
 the man beat me every night of my life , so i was glad to see him get a taste of it . 
 he beat me to make a man of me , he said . 
 well , he succeeded . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 both of them looked around the clearing again , where a man who 'd made so many miserable had come to his end . 
 `` they 'll be wondering where we are , '' fellows said after a time . 
 eleanor and louisa , their wives and lovers . 
 `` they will , '' hart agreed . 
 `` if they have to come after us , they 'll scold when they get here , '' fellows said . 
 `` true . 
 then want to do something daft , like have a picnic . '' 
 `` the ladies do enjoy a picnic . 
 after a five-mile hike . '' 
 `` i think we 've been domesticated , '' hart said . 
 `` the highland warriors have gone soft . '' 
 fellows shrugged . 
 `` i can do with a little softness now and again . '' 
 `` eleanor knew i could too , '' hart said . 
 `` that 's why she came back for me . '' 
 `` they saved us from ourselves , '' fellows offered . 
 `` someone had to . '' 
 the clearing had been a place of violence . 
 fellows imagined it , the gunshot , birds fleeing in a sudden rush of wings , the heat and smell of blood . 
 the old duke , mean and thoughtless , falling dead . 
 hart breathing hard , the shotgun in his hands . 
 so much viciousness and cruelty . 
 all gone now . 
 the ground of the clearing was soft green , tiny yellow flowers blooming where the sun reached . 
 without another word , the two men turned and started back for kilmorgan . 
 they emerged from the trees near the river where ian had taken the rest of the family fishing . 
 they were all there-beth and her children on a spread blanket ; mac 's family nearby with louisa and fellows ' mother ; ainsley and cameron together ; daniel playing with his little sister ; eleanor and alec on another blanket . 
 and louisa . 
 she smiled at lloyd from where she reposed next to isabella , and she rose to greet him . 
 fellows met her halfway across the grass . 
 he took her hands , and they shared a kiss , full of warmth , delight , and the sweet taste of sugared tea . 
 louisa eased back down from her tiptoes and brushed her fingers across lloyd 's mouth . 
 the simple wedding band glistened on her finger next to her engagement ring with its small diamond . 
 `` welcome home , '' she said . 
 `` thank you , '' fellows answered . 
 he meant the thanks for all , for all she was and all she 'd done for him . 
 he drew her into his arms , and louisa softly kissed him again . 
 laughter surrounded them , and the summer sunshine . 
