 prologue his blue eyes haunted me . 
 every day they would haunt me . 
 my morning , my day , my night , my dreams ... those baby blues tormented me . 
 it has been five days since he left . 
 five of the longest days in my life . 
 he was right when he said i would never be the same , that i would never forget him . 
 the way he could reach in and touch my soul with a single glance , an eyebrow quirk , or a smirk with that delectable mouth . 
 it was unfair that he approached me . 
 he wormed his way into my cold , unforgiving heart and made it warm again . 
 his appearance in my life made the sun rise and fall in my dark world , but now i was back in total darkness . 
 he disappeared without a trace , without a single word . 
 one night i went to sleep in his arms in our bed , our cocoon , our sanctuary . 
 the next morning i woke alone and unsure . 
 where was he ? 
 why he had gone ? 
 why was his phone disconnected ? 
 he caught my attention the moment our eyes met . 
 his ice-blue eyes pierced my heart from across the room . 
 my life as i knew it changed the day that i met brax . 
 i 'd never felt such love , my body had never felt such satisfaction , my soul had never felt such passion , and my life had never been so full . 
 now he 's gone and my heart has never felt so broken . 
 when you had no hope , then had hope reborn , and then all of that hope disappears within a moment ... where do you go ? 
 where do you go from there ? 
 the moment i lost her forever was the moment i got in that car . 
 i knew in that millisecond that i would lose her , but i had no choice . 
 my soul mate , my sole reason for being , my elise . 
 i knew there was nothing i could do that would make it right with her again . 
 it took everything i had to heal her the first time , to mold her back into the brilliant , radiant light she deserved to be . 
 when i saw her photo i had to know her , had to get inside those gorgeous green eyes . 
 knowing that i am the one who shattered her this time is breaking my resolve to stay away . 
 knowing that my leaving was the end of the light and the return of the dark in her life feels like a knife being driven into my heart . 
 if only i could explain that i had no choice . 
 explain how they told me she would be safe if i left her . 
 if only i 'd believed in us enough to stay . 
 i would have laid it all out for her if it meant she would stay untouched and unaware of the truth . 
 because if she knew the truth , the real reason why i was gone and why i even came into her life in the first place , life would not be worth living . 
 for all of us . 
 for them . 
 for me . 
 and especially for her . 
 chapter one eight months earlier today is my first day of college . 
 the first day of my new adult life . 
 you finish high school and think that you 've hit the big time when really all you 've done is finished one stage of your life so you can move on and start the next . 
 usually it 's a move sideways instead of forwards and sometimes backwards if you 're really unlucky . 
 but sometimes you 're just standing still , even when you feel like you 're moving ahead , and it is really everyone else around you who is moving . 
 i 've had this feeling of being at a standstill since i was sixteen . 
 the day my parents and only sister were killed . 
 it has taken three years , but i can now talk about it . 
 if someone asks about my family , i can turn around and tell them that a stranger broke into my home when i was away at camp and shot my family dead . 
 i often hear gasps or muttered apologies . 
 better yet , i sometimes get tears and awkward hugs from strangers who do n't know me . 
 i understand it should be upsetting , and it was for a while , but now i 'm just numb . 
 my feelings ran dry the day i came home to a house surrounded by yellow police tape and a guarded door . 
 i shut down . 
 i 've simply been a vessel since then , an empty person ambling through life doing everything that was expected of me . 
 i 've learned that i do n't need hope and that i do n't need love . 
 the only thing i need is to focus on putting one foot in front of the other so i can get through each day . 
 after the murders , i withdrew into myself . 
 i stayed with uncle harry and his wife because i had no other family nearby and as my godparents , they were the next best thing . 
 life as i knew it died with my parents and sister . 
 the funeral was a highly publicized affair . 
 i suppose that when a billionaire entrepreneur , his beautiful former model wife , and their ten year old daughter are brutally murdered , it is national news . 
 but when the funeral was over and the search for the killer ran cold , the media went off to hunt the next big story and the people who had offered their sympathy soon returned to their own busy lives , forgetting about me . 
 that left me with uncle harry and sylvia in their huge empty mansion . 
 uncle harry was unable to have children so he was never sure how to handle me . 
 sylvia , however , was always trying to help me and by the time i left for college , we were very close . 
 when i returned to school , most people did n't know how to treat me . 
 some would look at me with pity , some would snigger at the popular girl turned orphan and some were opportunists who used what happened to try and bring me down a peg or two . 
 unable to deal with the gamut of emotions i was facing , i rebelled against uncle harry and aunt sylvie . 
 i stayed out late , drank and tried everything i could to make myself feel something , anything . 
 i was emotionally numb and refused all the professional help that harry and sylvia offered me . 
 in my mind , i did n't need a therapist . 
 i just needed something to make me feel again . 
 something , or someone , to make me feel alive . 
 i hung out with the wrong crowd and went to college parties , waking up in many different beds with no recollection of the night before . 
 i was on a path to self-destruction with no end in sight . 
 one person was able to snap me out of my rut . 
 she was a girl from school that had always been a loner , but for some reason felt the need to connect with me after the murders . 
 her name was katie jamieson and she had also experienced the loss of her family . 
 her parents had been killed in a car accident when she was fourteen and she had been in the crash with them , but survived . 
 when she saw my life spiraling out of control , she placed a letter in my locker . 
 she did n't offer any sympathy , but instead offered someone to talk to , someone who had been through a similar situation . 
 looking back , i can now say that katie was one of the most influential people in my life . 
 we were n't friends for very long , but just being able to talk to someone else about what i was feeling , or not feeling as the case may have been , was exactly what i needed . 
 she was a year ahead of me , so at the beginning of my senior year she moved to london to study literature and i was suddenly alone again . 
 i graduated from high school and moved across the country to the east coast to study economics and business . 
 i did what was expected of me . 
 i had my father 's business to run after i finished my degree , a multi-billion dollar industry that he built from scratch . 
 but what is the point of having money when you feel completely numb to the world around you ? 
 have you ever had no hope , no love , no day , no night and a feeling that you 're just existing ? 
 welcome to my life . 
 this morning i have an economics lecture up first . 
 i walk into a room full of wide-eyed newbies who are all excited and chatting away to each other . 
 i sit down in the middle of the lecture hall , one seat in from the aisle , hoping to just blend in with the crowd . 
 by the time the professor walks in almost everybody is seated and ready . 
 he proceeds to introduce himself , then launches into an explanation about the world of economics . 
 about five minutes into his spiel the door opens and a late student rushes in , apologizing profusely to the professor who waves him off and directs him to find a seat . 
 i look around the lecture hall and i realize the only seat not taken is the one right next to me and the man who is running late is heading my way . 
 so much for getting through unnoticed . 
 my new assignment has me worried . 
 i 've been assigned to an heiress of a multi-billion dollar company whose family was murdered just over three years ago . 
 it 's a tricky situation . 
 we know she is in danger , but have no firm evidence as to what the threat is or where it is coming from . 
 in any case she needs protecting and i 've been chosen to do it , but she can never know this . 
 in this business , knowledge is dangerous . 
 it can get you killed , kidnapped , or you can simply disappear . 
 i 've seen it happen on more than one occasion . 
 one day you 're talking to them and the next they 're gone without a trace . 
 this type of job is nothing new to me , but this case is different and the difference is elise . 
 i said yes as soon as i saw her photo . 
 her deep green eyes stared out at me , absent of any spark or life . 
 it was as if her life-force had been extinguished and i was compelled to relight it . 
 she was gorgeous , a rare natural beauty with smooth tanned skin and beautiful long brown hair . 
 the file information i was given confirmed that her father , benjamin halliwell , was a self-made billionaire with a multi-billion dollar empire that dominated the west coast market at its peak . 
 after the high profile murders of benjamin , his wife emily and their youngest daughter paige , the business took a hit as investor confidence plummeted . 
 the business returned to profitability , but when elise was named the sole heir and 60 % shareholder in the company , investors got nervous again . 
 the shareholding is being held in trust until her twentieth birthday , which is eight months away . 
 from all reports she does n't flash her wealth around and is n't your typical heiress in any way , shape or form . 
 our intel even suggested that she does n't have a clue as to the true extent of her wealth . 
 all she knows is that she has a business to take over when she finishes college . 
 i have a feeling that as soon as i get close to elise , i wo n't be able to stay away . 
 this is a problem , a conflict of interest if you will , but i ca n't stop now . 
 if she needs to be saved , even if it is only from herself , i 'll be the one to do it . 
 as it happens , i 'm running late for my first day . 
 my alarm did n't go off , the hot water ran out , and my car did n't start , but i manage to make it to my first class only five minutes late . 
 after apologizing to the professor , i turn and look for a spare seat . 
 as luck would have it , it is right next to elise . 
 perfect timing . 
 i try to contain my wonder at seeing her in person . 
 seeing her bright green eyes , i know i 'm definitely in trouble now . 
 the overwhelming urge to protect her hits me . 
 i 've never had a job feel so personal before and right now i 'd do it for free . 
 it feels like something i was born to do , like i am supposed to be here with her . 
 i remember when i originally looked through the file . 
 i was saddened by the fact that she had no close family and nobody looking after her . 
 all she has is herself and a company that , from all accounts , she has shown no interest in . 
 now there is a threat to her safety due to her inheritance of that company . 
 my job is to keep it that way and keep her safe . 
 making my way to my seat , i take the opportunity to look at her . 
 her long brown hair curls at the ends , right at the small of her waist . 
 she has a nice slim frame with curves in all the right places . 
 i can see that she dresses well . 
 not flashy or revealing , but feminine with a touch of class . 
 she 's close to perfection . 
 damn , this is not helping me retain my professionalism . 
 i slide into the seat beside her and she nods politely in my direction , then returns her focus to the professor . 
 i can tell by her demeanor that she is trying to blend in so people wo n't notice her . 
 i 'm thinking that this job , and getting close enough to gain her trust , may end up being a bit of a challenge . 
 i 've always been one to thrive in the face of adversity . 
 this could be good , maybe even fun . 
 the professor continues to talk about the course structure and runs through the assignments that need to be completed , including one that is to be done in pairs . 
 i seize the opportunity to introduce myself and lean towards her . 
 `` hi , i 'm braxton . 
 is this your first day , too ? '' 
 she sighs and looks over at me cautiously , like i 'm disturbing her . 
 `` yes , '' she replies with a frown . 
 feeling bold , i nudge her with my elbow which makes her glance up at me in shock . 
 `` i did n't catch your name , '' i say with a warm smile . 
 she looks away again and grinds her teeth together . 
 `` that 's because i did n't give it to you . '' 
 now i get it . 
 she does n't want to let anyone in . 
 she really thinks she can make it through college unnoticed . 
 looking over at her tanned skin , gorgeous brown wavy hair and those damn green eyes , i feel lost , alive , and scared shitless . 
 this is going to take some work , but goddammit , for her i 'm willing to try . 
 at the end of class , the professor hands out our first assignment and just my luck , it 's an exercise to be done in pairs . 
 great ! 
 just what i need , being forced to talk to someone . 
 i glance at the man named braxton sitting beside me , the one with bad time management who could n't even make it to his first class on time . 
 he 's a lot taller than me , maybe 6 ' 2 or 6 ' 3 and definitely not fresh out of high school . 
 his hair is a gorgeous dark brown that is slightly longer on top , but well maintained around the sides and back . 
 he has a slight tan which tells me he must spend some time outdoors . 
 moving my eyes down , i see he has slight stubble covering his jawline like he was running late this morning and forgot to shave . 
 he 's wearing a black , short sleeved shirt that shows off his nicely toned arms . 
 going by the deep drawl in his voice i would guess he 's from louisiana or maybe georgia . 
 lost in my musings , i hear him clear his throat to get my attention . 
 `` uh ... so , would you like to pair up for the assignment ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 his low voice resonating through me . 
 looking up at him , i 'm suddenly caught in his amazing ice-blue eyes . 
 they 're the lightest color of blue i 've ever seen and are almost ethereal . 
 shaking my head slightly , i realize that he is still waiting for my answer . 
 `` elise . 
 my name 's elise , and i suppose it would n't hurt to talk about the assignment with you . '' 
 with a slight smirk , i catch him slowly scanning my body . 
 `` i do n't think it could hurt at all , elise . '' 
 a gasp escapes my mouth at his outwardly flirtatious comment . 
 who is this guy , and why is he acting like he wants to know me intimately ? 
 i feel my cheeks heat up . 
 whoa , why am i blushing ? 
 i have n't felt anything for over three years and suddenly this stranger has me feeling embarrassed ? 
 i 'm supposed to be numb and broken . 
 i have never been affected by a guy like this before . 
 i watch the smirk on his face get bigger , almost breaking into a full on smile . 
 i 'm totally thrown by whatever the hell is happening between us and i do n't seem to be able to stop myself from reacting . 
 `` want to go grab a coffee and talk it over ? 
 the assignment , that is . 
 together , since you asked and all ? '' 
 i wish i could just shut up ! 
 i pause and try to settle my breathing . 
 he leans in towards me , ever so slightly . 
 `` that sounds great . 
 i know a great place down the street . 
 shall we go ? '' 
 he stands up in the aisle of the lecture theatre , gesturing with his arm for me to go ahead . 
 i give a small smile and start walking towards the door . 
 as i step past him he lightly puts his hand on the small of my back , sending a jolt through me . 
 i do n't know what it is about this man , but he seems to have the ability to get me right where he wants me . 
 and that scares the hell out of me . 
 chapter two i follow braxton out of the building and we turn left towards a small cafe on the corner of campus . 
 i 've never been here before , but it seems nice and casual . 
 no overtures of grandeur or class that you would expect at an ivy league school . 
 we head towards a window table with two chairs . 
 nice and public , i breathe a sigh of relief . 
 i should be safe here . 
 he pulls out my chair for me . 
 `` would you like a menu ? '' 
 `` just a coffee will be fine , thanks . 
 i should n't really stay too long , '' i answer , secretly impressed at his chivalrous display . 
 he quirks his head to look at me and i suddenly feel self-conscious . 
 it 's like this guy can see right through my act and it 's rather unnerving . 
 with a sigh and slight tone of disappointment , he asks , `` what kind of coffee would you like ? '' 
 `` a vanilla latte would be great , thanks , '' i respond a bit too cheerfully . 
 he gives me a knowing smile as he turns around and makes his way to the counter . 
 what is with this guy ? 
 how can a total stranger have such an effect on me . 
 that smirk of his should be outlawed because i swear it is the work of the devil . 
 i 'm sure panties drop all around campus with just that one look . 
 he returns a short time later with two coffees and some biscotti . 
 `` thank you , '' i murmur . 
 after putting my mandatory three sugars in my coffee , i glance up at him expectantly . 
 he sighs at me again , like i 'm making this hard for him or something . 
 `` so , is this your first week here ? '' 
 `` mmm hmm , '' i mutter . 
 damn , this is a good coffee . 
 `` how are you finding it ? '' 
 `` good , so far . 
 it 's totally different from high school . '' 
 wow . 
 i think i 've said more in the past five minutes that i 've said to anyone in weeks and i only met this guy an hour ago ! 
 how did he do that ? 
 we talk solidly for the next half an hour and the conversation seems to flow easily . 
 it 's only when he receives a phone call that i stop and realize the time . 
 we have n't been talking about anything specific and we definitely have n't started on the assignment , our supposed reason for the coffee . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he says before taking the call . 
 he walks away from the table , turning his back to me . 
 i ca n't help but check out his profile . 
 he 's wearing long dirty denim jeans that fit him way too well , sitting low on his waist , tighter around the hips and butt then loosening up down the leg and finished off with what look like a pair of chunky army boots . 
 he almost looks too casual for campus , but on him it works . 
 looking back up i realize i definitely ca n't complain about his ass-that thing looks firm enough to break glass ! 
 i may be emotionally damaged , but i 'm not completely immune . 
 of all the times to get a phone call , it has to be when i finally have elise talking . 
 all innocent banter and basic information sharing , but i 'm starting to build a rapport . 
 so far she 's told me about her old high school and how she is living in a one bedroom apartment off campus in a secure building which definitely makes my job of keeping her safe a little bit easier . 
 of course i know the facts of her life from her file , but i find myself genuinely interested in what she 's saying . 
 i want to know what makes this girl tick , how being made an orphan at fifteen has affected her , but at the same time i also need to find out if she has any idea of the danger she may be facing . 
 the phone call is from my boss , wanting to know if i 've made contact with the target . 
 after a short replay of the morning 's events , we end the call quickly . 
 i turn back towards the table and catch her quickly darting her eyes up to my face . 
 i ca n't hold in my grin at the fact that i totally just caught her looking at my ass . 
 it seems she might not be as closed off as i thought . 
 `` sorry about that , '' i say , taking my seat . 
 `` that 's okay , but i really need to get going now . '' 
 i watch as she grabs her bag from the floor . 
 `` so , can i get your number ? '' 
 i ask . 
 elise hesitates and i can tell she is n't exactly comfortable giving it to me . 
 `` you know , for the project and all , '' i quickly reply , trying not to make it obvious that i want to see her again . 
 this level of attraction is all new to me . 
 `` sure . 
 i suppose we 're going to need to catch up at some point , maybe to actually talk about the assignment this time , '' she says with a small smile . 
 `` great . '' 
 i hand her my phone so she can enter her number , then she hands hers over to me so i can reciprocate . 
 `` well it was nice meeting you , braxton , '' she says , turning towards the door . 
 `` wait , can i walk you to your next class ? '' 
 i ask , sounding like an overeager puppy . 
 `` i 'm actually heading home until after lunch , but you can walk me there if you 'd like ? '' 
 she adds with a smile . 
 `` sounds great . '' 
 i walk towards the front and open the door for her . 
 the call from gibbons has left me concerned . 
 he rang for an update , but also confirmed that elise is definitely on the radar now and is in danger . 
 i remind myself to ring my partner shay and organize to have elise 's apartment swept while she has classes this afternoon . 
 we need to check whether they have made any moves against her . 
 shay and i met in the army when we were both nineteen and we quickly became best friends . 
 we both joined to escape the direction our lives were going in ; mine was heading into a life of crime and his was inching towards drugs . 
 the army gave us a chance to start fresh and make something of our lives while defending our country . 
 i watch for someone tailing us as we walk back to her building . 
 my mind is obviously elsewhere because i soon realize that elise has asked me a question and is looking over at me expectantly . 
 `` sorry , i totally missed what you just said , '' i say , embarrassed . 
 `` so , how are you finding school ? '' 
 she asks again . 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 it 's great . 
 it 's a bit weird being older than the rest of the freshmen , though . 
 how about you ? '' 
 i say , returning my full attention back to her . 
 she deserves nothing less . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 economics was my very first class , so i 'll let you know by the end of the week , '' she says laughing . 
 i ca n't help but smile at her . 
 `` you do that . '' 
 she slows down outside a two-story apartment building just a few blocks from the coffee shop . 
 there is an awkward silence as we stand on the sidewalk . 
 i can tell she is wondering what to do or say next just as much as i am so i decide to take the initiative . 
 `` well , thank you for coffee . 
 i really enjoyed myself , '' i say honestly . 
 `` me too , '' she says with a blush as she looks down at her feet . 
 `` do you want to meet up later in the week to work on the assignment ? '' 
 i ask , hoping like hell she says yes . 
 `` that would be great , braxton . 
 do you want to text me with a time and place when you know your schedule ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'll organize it all and let you know when and where . 
 see you later , elise , '' i answer with a smile . 
 `` bye , braxton . '' 
 she turns to enter her building . 
 as i walk down the street , i think about our morning . 
 so far she has n't given me any indication that she knows about the threats made against her , which is a good thing . 
 i 'd hate for her to draw back into her shell just as she has given me a chance to find a crack . 
 i 'm also glad she has agreed to do the assignment with me . 
 to be honest , i do n't have a clue about economics and am going to need to study up this week . 
 i may not be a bona fide student , but i need to make sure i at least stay on top of my classes and do n't raise suspicions . 
 i 'm enrolled purely as a cover so that i can get close to elise . 
 i need to be close for the job so that i can keep her safe , but there is a voice inside telling me she may just become very important to me . 
 that honestly scares the shit out of me . 
 due to the work i do and the inconvenient hours i keep , i have not had much time for women in the past , but elise halliwell has my full attention now . 
 she had it the moment i opened that file . 
 she is like a spark that is missing an ignition and i feel an overwhelming need to be there when she fires . 
 chapter three it has been a week since i met the mysterious braxton james . 
 there is something about him that makes my mind twist , my stomach turn , and my cheeks blush-all at the same time . 
 i hope i figure it out soon because he has become very distracting and i do n't need distractions . 
 i need to focus on finishing college and starting my predestined life . 
 i 'm meeting him today to work on our joint economics assignment . 
 i grab my books and do a last minute check in the mirror . 
 for someone who does n't care what other people think , i seem to be making an extra effort to look good today . 
 my hair is half pinned up with the other half left down , curling down my back . 
 i even put some tinted moisturizer on , a quick swipe of mascara and a little lip gloss to finish off the look . 
 i have n't felt like making an effort in recent years . 
 i 've been so wrapped up in my own little bubble that i really did n't see the point , but today i want to make the effort . 
 i want to see if i can affect brax as much as he affects me . 
 i 'm nervous . 
 i have n't felt like this since i was fifteen . 
 before the day my family ... i ca n't think of them , not today . 
 i need to be on my game . 
 i do n't want to come across as a flustered little girl when i 'm around him . 
 we 've arranged to meet in the library where he 's booked a private study room for us . 
 at first i was a bit hesitant when he sent me a text suggesting the place to meet , but i had to remind myself that i 've been alone with brax before and he did n't try anything . 
 he seems trustworthy , and the more i get to know him the more i feel that he is . 
 it has been a long time since i 've been able to trust anyone , especially a man . 
 closing my door and locking it behind me , i look out the hallway window before heading towards the stairs and spot a black car parked opposite my building . 
 i 've never noticed it before . 
 it 's not a busy street , so you get to know most of the neighbors and their cars , seems weird that the guy is just sitting there not going anywhere . 
 shrugging it off , i head down the stairs and out the door towards the library to meet brax . 
 i get a text from shay telling me he thinks elise may have spotted his car . 
 dammit , he knows not to park in the same place twice . 
 our ford is inconspicuous enough , but i really did n't think she 'd notice it . 
 i do n't want her to get suspicious , especially when she has just started opening up to me . 
 i sense that she is n't the paranoid type , but she is still guarded and shy . 
 however , keeping her in the dark about what is going on is the best thing right now . 
 elise and i have been texting each other during the week . 
 nothing too intense or probing , just general getting to know you stuff about my family , her old home town , and our favorite things . 
 she likes drama and comedy movies , i like thrillers and horror . 
 we both like rock music and both have dreams of traveling to europe one day . 
 i told her that i used to be in the army . 
 i did n't see the harm in her knowing that and it will help explain how i know shay if they ever meet . 
 i do n't want to lie to her any more than i have to . 
 i do n't think i 've raised any flags yet , and i hope it stays that way . 
 i find myself checking my phone when i 'm waiting for her replies . 
 i feel like a teenager . 
 the feelings i have when i 'm around her are telling me that i 'm already too involved . 
 my job is to get close to her so i can keep her safe , but i do n't think i 'm going to be able to stop this from becoming personal . 
 when we left the army , shay and i headed back to atlanta where my adoptive father lived . 
 he was fighting prostate cancer and i was the only family he had left . 
 he died six months later and i needed a full time job to keep my childhood home . 
 soon we found ourselves working in the security business . 
 the past three years i 've been so focused on working i have n't had time for dating . 
 do n't get me wrong , there have been women , but they were only there for physical fulfillment . 
 no one has piqued my interest enough to take it any further than sex . 
 until elise . 
 her eyes feel like windows into my soul , instead of her own . 
 i desperately want to get to know her . 
 i already have an overwhelming desire to protect her , way beyond my professional responsibility . 
 this job is definitely not going the way i thought it would . 
 i expected a quick intel check where we would advise gibbons that she was safe and blissfully unaware of the unwanted attention , and then extract ourselves at a later date by dropping out and returning to atlanta , but there is no way in hell i see myself being able to pull out anytime soon , especially after the updated information gibbons gave me the other day . 
 she 's in their sights now and i have to stop them . 
 i have to make sure she remains untouched . 
 i open the library door and see her straight away , standing by the front desk with a leather satchel over her shoulder . 
 she 's twirling her hair around her finger , looking nervous , and it makes me smile . 
 i ca n't wait to see the effect i can have on her today , to see what it takes to make her blush again . 
 i walk over to her with a smile on my face and tap her shoulder . 
 she turns with a start and a slow grin spreads over her face . 
 `` hey , braxton . 
 i just got here too . '' 
 damn , something about the way she says my name just does things to me . 
 `` you can call me brax if you want . 
 it 's shorter and just rolls off your tongue , '' i say with a smirk . 
 i see her blush at my flirting . 
 damn , she 's cute when she blushes . 
 `` okay , brax . 
 you can call me elle if you want . 
 my dad used to ... oh , shit . '' 
 she suddenly appears uncomfortable and stares at the ground . 
 before i can stop myself , i lean in and quietly tell her , `` it 's okay . 
 you can talk about them , you know . '' 
 she has alluded to her parents being gone in our text conversations , but she has n't told me outright what happened to them . 
 elise has said that they are no longer around and i have n't let on that i know about the murders because that would blow my cover . 
 i put my index finger under her chin and lift it upwards , bringing her eyes to mine . 
 i take a moment to stare into her eyes ; they amaze me more and more every time i see them . 
 but looking at them now , full of unshed tears , breaks me . 
 `` seriously , it 's okay . 
 i think i might just take you up on that offer and call you elle . 
 i like it . 
 it suits you , '' i say quietly so only she can hear . 
 `` t-thank you for n-not asking about it . '' 
 she 's stuttering a bit now , trying to get past her revelation that she obviously is n't ready to share . 
 `` shall we head on up and get started ? '' 
 she asks , pointing to the stairs leading up to the private study rooms . 
 `` sounds good , '' i reply as i place my hand on the small of her back to direct her up the stairs . 
 i know i should n't be touching her , but i ca n't help it . 
 my resolve to only concentrate on the job continues to falter the more time i spend with her and i do n't think i can stop now . 
 i want to follow through with whatever this thing is that 's happening between us . 
 i just hope she is feeling it , too . 
 i ca n't believe i brought up my dad in front of brax . 
 i 'm horrified ! 
 i have n't told him about my past . 
 as much as i try to block it out , it seems to be in the forefront of my mind lately . 
 i swear i stop breathing the moment that brax puts his hand under my chin and lifts my face upwards ; i have to swallow down the lump rising in my throat . 
 he is being so sweet and has n't asked any awkward questions that i 'm not ready to answer yet . 
 my heart melts when he says i do n't have to hide myself from him . 
 i wish i could believe him , but i 'm so used to shutting myself off from everyone and i do n't think i can change that habit just for him . 
 i do n't want the sad looks from him . 
 it would be far worse than anybody else . 
 if only i knew why . 
 after suggesting we head upstairs , i feel brax place his hand on the small of my back . 
 my whole body trembles when he touches me and i 'm so embarrassed , i can feel my cheeks warming up . 
 he must think i 'm skittish , or that i did n't like him touching me-but i definitely did . 
 when he takes his hand away to open the door to the study room , i can still feel him there , like his touch has branded me . 
 this whole situation is unnerving . 
 i 've been strong for so long , keeping everyone out , then suddenly i meet a gorgeous guy and i turn into a timid little girl when he 's around . 
 i think it is more than that , though . 
 his touch feels warm , like my whole body is being heated . 
 i 've never felt that way with anyone before . 
 he opens the door to the study room and ushers me through . 
 i 'm sure he is looking at my ass , but i do n't want to look back and check . 
 this is going to be a long couple of hours . 
 we spend most of the afternoon discussing the assignment and working on our presentation . 
 she seems to have a genuine interest in economics . 
 i 'm guessing it is her father 's influence . 
 `` did you see those fraternity pledges running naked through the middle of the quad this morning ? 
 that is hazing gone bad , '' i say , trying to get elle talking about anything non-economic . 
 `` yeah , it 's crazy . 
 who would put themselves through that ? '' 
 she replies shaking her head . 
 `` i ca n't imagine joining a sorority . '' 
 `` aww c'mon , elle . 
 i 'm sure you 'd love to be publicly humiliated while you strive to belong , '' i say sarcastically . 
 `` hell no ! 
 never going to happen , '' she retorts with a sly smile . 
 damn . 
 the look on her face makes me think of bad things , things i should n't be thinking about right now . 
 i 'm enjoying just talking to her and little by little she is showing me a different side . 
 it may be small steps , but i know it is a big thing for her . 
 i look up and watch her as she works every chance i get . 
 she is so beautiful . 
 her skin is flawless and her features are so fine and feminine . 
 her mouth is perfectly curved , making me wonder what it would be like to kiss her . 
 what makes her even more alluring is that i do n't think she has any idea of the effect she has on the people around her , in particular the males around campus , and especially me . 
 i start noticing her little mannerisms . 
 like how she breathes deeply and slowly when she 's thinking , but then starts fidgeting when her mind wanders . 
 when she is frustrated or stumped , she bites the pad of her thumb between her front teeth . 
 and she blushes ... a lot . 
 she almost catches me watching her , but i quickly look down at my work and grin when i see her sneaking glances my way . 
 she is still a total enigma to me . 
 considering what i know about her family , her past and the fact that she 's being targeted by some dangerous people , you 'd think i would n't be attracted to her , but i find myself wanting to be near her all the time . 
 a knock on the door breaks our concentration and we both look up as one of our classmates comes in . 
 `` hey , guys . 
 sorry to bother you , but your time is up . '' 
 i glance down at my watch . 
 `` oh , man . 
 i ca n't believe we 've been in here for over three hours . '' 
 elle nods her head . 
 `` i guess we just lost track of time . '' 
 i stare into her eyes and i know exactly why it is easy to lose track of time when i 'm with her . 
 she mesmerizes me , and she is a lot easier to talk to now that she is slowly letting her guard down . 
 even if it is a little bit at a time . 
 i watch as she stands up and starts collecting her things . 
 i do n't want to end my time with her yet , so thinking on my feet i come up with a plan . 
 `` do you want to grab something to eat with me ? 
 think of it as a reward for all the work we 've done today . '' 
 she seems a little taken aback by my invitation . 
 `` um ... sure , sounds good . 
 but can we swing by my place and drop my stuff off ? '' 
 `` sure , that 's a great idea . 
 let 's go , '' i reply , clearing my books away . 
 i stand and head for the door , waiting for elle to join me . 
 i was n't planning on sharing a meal with her tonight , but i want to get her talking again without the distraction of school work . 
 i 'm hoping she 'll open up to me and be completely honest . 
 i want to know everything i can about the elusive elle halliwell . 
 i 'm standing in my bathroom , trying to pull myself together . 
 when brax asks me out for something to eat , i 'm surprised . 
 i 'll admit that i 'm starving , but i 'm surprised by his invitation . 
 maybe he heard my stomach rumbling and felt the need to feed me to shut it up . 
 i ca n't work out why he is so interested in me . 
 i 'm aloof , standoffish , and to be honest , shut off . 
 why would anyone want to spend any longer than they had to with me ? 
 in my dark moments , i do n't even want to spend time with myself . 
 so now he 's in my living room and i 'm in my bathroom , staring at myself in the mirror while trying to hold off a panic attack . 
 i do n't invite people into my home , but i did n't really think about it when i asked to drop by my apartment . 
 it 's my sanctuary , my escape from the big bad world out there , and brax is the first person i 've ever allowed inside . 
 looking at myself in the mirror , i think back to my past experiences with men . 
 it has been limited to meaningless hookups while trying to make myself feel something again . 
 i 've learned that there are two types of men . 
 the ones who are forward and go after what they want , and the ones that work slowly , gently pushing their way in and then striking while the iron is hot . 
 brax is obviously a believer in the latter . 
 it has only been a week and we 've already met up twice , texted , and now a meal . 
 he comes across as someone who does n't want to miss an opportunity when it presents itself . 
 it 's not like he knows much about me . 
 i could be some crazy psycho woman who has ten cats and a secret teaspoon collecting fetish . 
 he could be a fugitive or a closet evangelist wanting to save my soul . 
 god , i hope not . 
 i sit down on the edge of my bathtub and put my head between my legs , trying to concentrate on slowing down my breathing . 
 it 's only dinner for christ 's sake , not a lifelong commitment . 
 pull yourself together , elle . 
 i quickly check my makeup and hair and wash my hands before heading towards the living room . 
 i walk through the hallway door . 
 he 's staring out my window with a troubled look on his face . 
 maybe he has changed his mind about dinner or about being here with me . 
 `` brax ? '' 
 i question quietly . 
 when he turns around , his eyes widen and i 'm met with a look of shock that quickly grows into a wide grin . 
 i 've changed into a tight , short sleeved , red top , black skinny jean paired with my favorite black knee-high boots and finished off with a black bolero to cover my arms . 
 as he looks me up and down , the look on his face turns into something more , his eyes are full of lust , bordering on hunger . 
 he walks towards me holding out his hand and stares me straight in the eyes . 
 `` elle , you look stunning . 
 i feel almost unworthy now . '' 
 `` you look good too , brax . '' 
 we just stand there , silently taking each other in , and my panic disappears . 
 suddenly i feel a blanket of calm surround me . 
 this is surreal . 
 i have n't felt embraced like this since my family was alive . 
 he breaks the spell . 
 `` let 's get you fed , '' he says , lacing our fingers together in an intimate move that shocks me , but i do n't let it show as he moves me towards the front door . 
 my hand feels so warm in his . 
 if this is what it feels like to get too close to the fire , i 'm feeling more and more inclined to give myself up to the flame . 
 halfway to our destination , i suddenly realize that i have n't told elle where we are going . 
 `` you like pizza , right ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 what college student does n't ? '' 
 she retorts with a smile . 
 god , i love it when she smiles . 
 it may not be a huge ` light up the room ' grin , but seeing how she distances herself from everything , a small smile from her is a concession i 'll take anytime . 
 we arrive at the pizzeria and take a booth towards the back . 
 i make sure i 'm facing the door , back to the wall . 
 it 's a habit that has been ingrained into me through my years of training , just like scanning the place automatically when we walk in . 
 i 'm well aware that i 'm seven years older than elle , but thankfully she has n't shown any sign that our age difference bothers her . 
 god , i hope it does n't . 
 i 'm trying to act a little younger , but i do n't want to pretend with elle . 
 she deserves more than that . 
 a waitress approaches our table . 
 `` hi ! 
 i 'm tina , your waitress for the evening . 
 what can i get you guys to drink ? '' 
 on autopilot i reply , `` a beer , '' wincing when i realize that elle is n't old enough to drink . 
 `` i can drink a soda or something if it makes you uncomfortable ? '' 
 i say to her . 
 she looks back at me , amused that i 'm trying to be considerate . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i can be around alcohol , you know . 
 go ahead , old man , '' she replies teasingly . 
 i ca n't help but raise an eyebrow at her sassiness . 
 another new side to her i have n't seen before . 
 she continues to surprise me with all her different layers . 
 `` a soda and a beer . 
 do you know what you want to eat ? '' 
 the waitress questions . 
 i nod my head at elle . 
 `` it 's your pick . '' 
 `` hmm , how about a pepperoni with extra cheese ? '' 
 even though i should be keeping my carbs down , i nod in agreement . 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 `` so , do you think we 're on the right track with the assignment ? '' 
 i ask , trying to keep the conversation light and not overtly personal . 
 `` yeah i think we 'll ace it , '' she says with a smile . 
 `` great . 
 i could n't have done it without your help , that 's for sure . 
 you seem like a natural at that kind of stuff . '' 
 her eyes widen at my praise , like she 's not used to hearing compliments . 
 she stutters through a reply , `` t-thank you , but do n't underestimate yourself . 
 i mean , you had some great ideas too . '' 
 i ca n't help but grin at her now . 
 cute and sweet , a gorgeous combination . 
 i do n't know what it is about her tonight , but she seems a lot more relaxed in my company . 
 i 'm relieved and i 'm finding myself thankful for more personal reasons than professional . 
 eyes on the prize , brax . 
 our drinks arrive and i take a swig of the ice cold beer which goes down way too nicely . 
 sipping her cola , i catch her looking up at me through her lashes . 
 damn , that 's hot . 
 my mind wanders as i think about the way she could look while doing other things . 
 removing her lips from her straw , she lifts her head . 
 `` got any plans for the weekend ? '' 
 that breaks my train of thought and i ca n't stop the grin creeping up my face . 
 `` not really . 
 are you looking for something to do ? '' 
 i hear her breath catch in her throat . 
 she is so cute when she 's flustered . 
 i know i 've put her on the spot , but i really want her to make the next move . 
 `` um ... i mean , i was n't ... uh , maybe , '' she replies with a shy smile . 
 `` i mean , i do n't have any plans , but if you wanted to catch up , you know , to go over the assignment or something ... i 'm game . '' 
 i can tell she 's in uncharted waters now , so i 'm going to be gentle on her . 
 i do n't want her pulling back , especially when she 's come so far in the last week . 
 `` yeah , we could do that , or we could just hang out . '' 
 i ca n't stop smiling at her reaction to this whole conversation . 
 `` yeah , okay . 
 sounds good , '' she replies quietly . 
 i swear i hear a sigh of relief when the pizza is placed on the table in front of us . 
 catching the aroma from the pizza , i realize how hungry i am . 
 with everything going on , i have n't eaten since this morning . 
 `` dig in , elise , before i demolish this whole pizza and disgust you with my huge manly appetite , '' i say , rubbing my stomach . 
 the giggle she gives me is adorable , and i 'd do anything to hear that again . 
 i look up from my half-eaten slice and notice that her eyes have a new sparkle to them . 
 they 're so unlike her file photo , her green eyes appear even more striking in person . 
 i frown at myself . 
 i 'm in trouble here . 
 rule of operations # 1 : do n't get too close to the target . 
 well that rule has been seriously broken and trampled on . 
 so glad gibbons and the boss are back in georgia , that 's for sure . 
 she notices me frowning and asks , `` hey , are you all right ? '' 
 `` of course , babe . 
 sorry , just thinking that this pizza is n't going to be big enough for the both of us . '' 
 i laugh but realize she 's not laughing with me . 
 she 's staring at me . 
 what did i say ? 
 then i realize that i slipped and called her babe . 
 shit ! 
 he called me babe ? 
 i tense up and peek up through my lashes at him . 
 the look on his face is telling me that he just realized what he said . 
 he caught me off guard with his quick comeback about spending time with him on the weekend . 
 i seriously was n't trying to push him into seeing me again and i was horrified that i could be so careless with my comment , but relaxed a bit when he said we should hang out . 
 i 've felt so comfortable tonight , a big change from this afternoon when i was so on edge around him . 
 it still feels like i 'm in uncharted waters , though . 
 i 've been shut off for so long and keeping away from people , especially males . 
 it 's not like it 's the best conversation starter . 
 `` by the way , my parents were murdered three years ago so i have no family . 
 but do n't worry , i have a lot of money that i do n't know what to do with . '' 
 brax seems different , though . 
 i ca n't pinpoint what it is exactly , but he is making it so easy to let my guard down , it 's almost like he 's trying to knock it out with a sledge hammer . 
 i wonder if it is a good thing because letting my guard down leaves me open to getting hurt again . 
 what happens if we get close , but when he finds out about me and my past he ca n't disappear fast enough ? 
 i 'd be alone and broken again . 
 but hearing him call me babe , i kind of like it . 
 i could never admit that to him , though . 
 `` elle , are you okay ? '' 
 brax asks , snapping me out of my self-pitying monologue . 
 `` oh . 
 yeah , sorry , just thinking about something . 
 it 's all good . 
 hey , we should get going . 
 it 's late , and i do n't want to keep you . '' 
 i want to go back to my apartment now . 
 thinking about getting hurt again makes me feel like the walls are closing in again . 
 i need the sanctuary that my home provides . 
 brax seems taken aback by my need to leave . 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 let me take care of the bill , and i 'll walk you home . '' 
 he stands and makes his way to the counter to pay for our meal . 
 i breathe out a sigh of relief , knowing that i 'll be in back in my sanctuary soon . 
 back where i wo n't have to watch what i say or do . 
 brax comes back to the table and holds out his hand to me . 
 i look up at him , and his returning smile melts away any uncertainty i have . 
 i smile back at him as i grab my purse and put my hand in his . 
 he laces our fingers together and leads me outside . 
 we turn in the direction of my building and walk hand in hand down the sidewalk . 
 the warm feeling is back and my unease has all but disappeared again . 
 it 's like his touch is my salve and to be completely honest , i 'm liking it . 
 stepping out of the restaurant , i do a quick check of the street . 
 nothing seems out of place or suspicious , but i ca n't relax just yet . 
 i 'll feel a lot better when we 're off the street and she 's back in the safety of her building . 
 we 've got a bug in her apartment now , for security in case shay and i are engaged elsewhere . 
 if anything out of the ordinary happens , it will raise an alarm back at headquarters and we 'll be paged or the police will be called immediately . 
 i hated invading her privacy when we swept her apartment earlier in the week , but it is a necessary requirement of the job . 
 i know i 'm distracted in my thoughts and elle picks up on it . 
 `` hey , are you alright ? 
 sorry for losing track of time , '' she says , getting my attention . 
 i look down at her and ca n't help but smile . 
 she 's tall for a woman , but still shorter than my six feet , two inches . 
 her heels probably help , too . 
 damn , those boots do killer things to her legs . 
 they make them look long and sexy as hell . 
 `` yeah , ba ... elle , we 're all good . 
 let 's get you home and out of this cold , '' i reply , putting my hand on her back as we walk towards the front door of her building . 
 i feel a warmth radiate through my body whenever i touch her . 
 it is amazing how a simple touch can do that . 
 when we are almost at her door , i spot shay 's car parked a few houses down . 
 i nod in his direction , our own signal which lets him know he 's off duty . 
 once i get home i 'll check in with him and see if he has anything to report , although i 'm sure i would have heard by now if it was n't safe for her to return home . 
 i 'll still feel better after a debrief . 
 after opening the door and ushering elle inside , we climb the two flights of stairs to the first floor and reach her apartment door . 
 i 'm suddenly feeling nervous . 
 i have n't felt this way in years . 
 what am i , a damn teenager ? 
 she smiles then turns to put her key in the door , unlocking and opening the door . 
 just as she goes to open it , she pauses and turns back to me . 
 she 's looking at my chest , like she is having a war of words in her head . 
 damn , there is that blush again . 
 i ca n't resist touching her . 
 i place my index finger under her chin and gently raise her face to mine . 
 i slowly move in until i 'm close enough to feel her breath on my face . 
 unable to stop myself , i cup her cheek with my hand . 
 `` good night , '' i whisper before i kiss her lips , gently parting them with my tongue . 
 her whole body stills as her lips and tongue start to follow my lead . 
 deciding that i need to pull away before i lose all self-control , i open my eyes and end the rousing kiss . 
 the expression on her face is so enticing and her sparkling green eyes are full of wonder . 
 that was just ... i 'm speechless . 
 i stare down at her , taking her all in . 
 by the look on her face , i 'm hoping she feels this too . 
 `` goodnight , brax , '' she whispers as i pull my hand away from her cheek . 
 `` goodnight , elle , '' i murmur back , kissing her on the cheek . 
 with a huge smile on my face , i turn and walk away towards the stairs . 
 i do n't look back for fear of losing all of my restraint . 
 i ca n't afford to lose control with her . 
 there is too much at stake . 
 her safety , my job , whatever this is that is developing between us . 
 oh my god . 
 he kissed me . 
 he smelled like beer , pizza and mint . 
 such a heady combination , but he smelled delicious . 
 it was so sweet and light and my whole mouth was tingling wherever he touched . 
 my first kiss with brax and i 'm literally ruined . 
 i quickly open my door and close it behind me . 
 leaning back against it , i try to calm my frazzled nerves . 
 i shake my head . 
 damn that man . 
 he has done something no one else has done for the past three years . 
 he has made my heart beat again , made me feel something , and goddamn if i do n't want more of him . 
 i walk towards my bedroom , turning off the lights with only one thing on my mind . 
 when can i kiss brax again ? 
 chapter four i wake up around 8 a.m. and lay in bed for a while , just looking at the ceiling . 
 i had another nightmare last night , but it did n't last long before i woke up , bathed in sweat and shaking . 
 they 've been coming frequently again . 
 it 's the same dream every time . 
 it starts with me , coming home from school camp the day after it had happened , having no idea what the hell what is going on when the principal ushers me off the bus and takes me down to her office where the school counselor is waiting for us . 
 then she tells me that my family is gone and , as if she 's speaking my own thoughts , tells me i 'm now all alone . 
 the dream plays out exactly as it all happened . 
 i 've had a lot of time to reflect on it now and sometimes i think it would 've been better if they had just come out and said the truth-that in reality my family had been tortured and shot at point blank range . 
 how in the space of a few hours , my successful and loving father , my doting mother , and my innocent ten year old sister were ripped from my life . 
 my sweet sister paige did n't even get a chance at life . 
 she had dreams and she had hopes . 
 she used to tell me she wanted to be a nurse when she grew up , and she would have been a great one ! 
 she was so caring , a natural nurturer . 
 she got that from my mom , who was amazing . 
 i remember mom being there every morning when we left for school and every afternoon when we got home . 
 she would ask me about my day and always showed an interest in everything paige and i did . 
 my father was a workaholic , always telling me that hard work never killed anyone . 
 when he was at home , he treated us like princesses and in many ways my dad was , and still is , my hero . 
 after their deaths , the news reports that suggested that his business was the reason for the attack . 
 there were investigations , but no suspect ever came to light and nothing incriminating was found with his company . 
 my company now , i suppose . 
 my nightmares always end the same way . 
 me , walking into my old house that is now red with blood , and coming face to the face with their killer . 
 his black eyes boring into me as we stand in front of each other , unable to move . 
 i see the sparkle in his eyes as he raises the gun towards me , telling me that i 'm next . 
 that is when i wake up shaking , tears clinging to my face and my pajamas wet with sweat . 
 my thoughts are scattered after my dream , but soon enough they return to brax . 
 the kiss was a surprise and may have been a small moment in time , but to me it was everything . 
 when he put his finger under my chin and lifted my face to his so i could n't avoid his gaze any longer , i found it hard to breathe . 
 my heart was racing and my palms were clammy . 
 i knew the moment our lips touched that the tingly feeling was more than just a physical reaction . 
 i hardly know him , yet i know brax has already touched my soul . 
 i want to see him again . 
 i want to spend more time getting to know him , finding out what makes him tick and working out how he has managed to do what i have n't been able to do for the past three years . 
 make me feel something again . 
 watching him yesterday in the library and last night at the restaurant , i can tell there is an air of authority about him . 
 his movements are calculated , almost mechanical . 
 it 's obvious he was in the army . 
 you can see it in the way he walks and the way he is always looking around , like he is scanning his surroundings . 
 dammit . 
 i ca n't deny that brax has an effect on me like no one else . 
 after leaving her apartment last night , i send shay a text asking to meet up . 
 he 's like my verbal conscience , something i need right now since i seem to be ignoring mine every opportunity i get . 
 we meet up at a bar a few blocks away from my house . 
 after ordering us a round of beers and bringing them back to our seats , shay sits down and looks at me . 
 i know this look . 
 he 's waiting for me to lay it all out for him . 
 i sent him a text when elle was having her panic attack in the bathroom before dinner . 
 she must have thought i could n't hear her talking to herself and it took every ounce of self-control not to laugh , but it was damn cute . 
 i tell shay everything . 
 what i felt when i saw elle 's photo in the file , the sorrow i felt reading about her background , and the tragedy of losing her family . 
 nobody should ever have to face losing their world in one fateful night . 
 it was just pure luck she was not there too . 
 i finish my verbal confession to shay with the kiss . 
 it may not have been a ` hold on to your coat tails ' kind of kiss , or a deep plunging exploration of each other , but it was mind blowing all the same . 
 a kiss that showed the possibilities , the desire to do more . 
 all in all , a total and utter mind f ** k. shay looks at me , shaking his head , `` dude , you know this ca n't happen . 
 you 're putting everything at risk , especially her . '' 
 `` i know man , but it 's like we 're magnets . 
 she is amazing . 
 she is surprisingly strong and she has no idea how beautiful she is . 
 there is no sense of entitlement or ego . 
 she does n't let anybody get close and from what the file says , she has n't let anybody get close for a very long time . 
 but she seems to be opening up to me . '' 
 `` b , you ca n't do this . 
 you 'll get pulled off the job if gibbons finds out , '' he says , desperate for me to see sense . 
 `` only if they find out , shay . 
 i 'm not going to tell them and i know you wo n't , either . 
 maybe getting closer to her will help me protect her . 
 she might confide in me and i might be able to find out more about her father 's business and any deals he had going . 
 is n't that what gibbons is hoping for ? 
 to find out about her and her father ? '' 
 i 'm desperately trying to justify my position here , and i can tell shay is n't buying it . 
 `` i trust you , b. i know you 'll do the best by us and the job . 
 just be careful , okay ? '' 
 it is as sentimental as we ever get with each other . 
 none of that man hugging business or whacked out handshakes here . 
 `` yeah , man . 
 now give me the low-down about these developments you mentioned earlier . '' 
 and just like that , we 're back to business . 
 shay and i leave the bar around midnight , and i walk by elle 's apartment just as a precautionary check . 
 i look up and see her lights are off and smile . 
 i hope i have n't freaked her out too much with the kiss . 
 i could n't stop myself . 
 the moment she turned towards me , and i saw that she was battling with her own conscience over what to do next , i made the decision for her . 
 god , i ca n't wait until i can kiss her again , but next time it 'll be a deep , plunging , mind-bending kiss that leaves her burning for more . 
 i walk over to my parked car down the road from her place and settle in for the night . 
 after lying in bed for a good hour , i decide i need to get up and do something constructive with my saturday . 
 i shower and make some eggs for breakfast before i decide to go for a run , changing into my yoga pants and a tank top . 
 when i reach the street , i turn towards the park and notice a man sitting in his car a few feet away from my building . 
 he 's just sitting there , looking around . 
 that is a bit weird . 
 maybe he 's waiting for something ? 
 i shrug my shoulders and push play on my mp3 . 
 a song about being the only girl in the world blasts in my ears and i start running , the song setting a nice easy rhythm to move to . 
 i may not have known him for very long but already this song reminds me of brax . 
 when we 're together , he makes me feel like i 'm the only girl in his world . 
 it 's nice . 
 i started running a year after the murders . 
 i was struggling to leave the house on a daily basis and just wanted to shut myself away from the world . 
 my therapist suggested i try running , and it was the best suggestion anyone ever made . 
 it is a great coping mechanism , helping me clear my mind and block out the world for an hour or two . 
 but today , i ca n't get the kiss with braxton off my mind . 
 thinking of his lips on mine makes them tingle again . 
 it was so intense i could barely breathe . 
 just mere inches apart and staring into those ice blue eyes of his , i was lost . 
 and , to be honest , i do n't know that i want to be found . 
 a song about bonnie and clyde starts playing in my ears and i slow down to a slow jog as i approach my building . 
 i know i need to cool down and stretch so that my muscles do n't seize up . 
 i learned that lesson the hard way . 
 i check my watch-it 's been about thirty minutes-and when i look back up i see that the guy in the car is still here . 
 he 's just sitting in his car , but looking down like he 's trying not to be noticed . 
 i pause when i realize he could be a photographer or a journalist . 
 it 's no secret that i 'm going to college on the east coast , but i thought they 'd leave me alone now . 
 obviously not . 
 shaking my head i turn up my music and start running , i need to clear my head . 
 shay calls me bright and early to inform me elle has gone for a run . 
 i scramble out of my bed and throw on some shorts and black wife-beater along with my running shoes . 
 a quick splash of water to my face and i 'm out the door , running towards the park . 
 shay ca n't move from his post outside her building , not without it looking obvious , so i have to follow her instead . 
 my mp3 player changes songs and suddenly i 'm running along with a song about losing yourself to the music blasting in my ears . 
 i smile to myself . 
 it 's a f ** king fantastic song to run to . 
 i reach the park and see elise running in the distance ahead of me . 
 she 's in her own little bubble again . 
 i can see headphones in her ears so she must be listening to music , like me . 
 i wonder what she likes to run to . 
 maybe pop songs , chicks love that shit . 
 i adjust my pace to match hers , but make sure that i 'm far enough behind that i 'm not noticeable . 
 i wish i could just tell her i 'm watching out for her . 
 maybe the closer we get , the more i can admit . 
 i chastise myself . 
 no , she ca n't ever know . 
 there goes that conscience again . 
 she starts heading for her building after about an hour . 
 i stop when she 's around the corner from her place and text shay to tell him he 's on again . 
 i turn around and start walking back to my house . 
 a good way to cool down and stretch my muscles at the same time . 
 while my phone is still in my hand , i decide to text elise . 
 i ca n't wait to see her again . 
 i hope it 's not soon . 
 maybe she 's shut down again after our kiss . 
 a light hearted text message will gauge how she 's feeling this morning . 
 brax : hey babe , how are you this morning ? 
 elise : hey yourself . 
 i 'm great , just got in from a run . 
 pegged you for the sleep-in-late type brax : lol . 
 nope , early bird gets the worm and all that . 
 want to hang out later . 
 i can come over this afternoon she does n't reply straight away . 
 shit . 
 time to back track . 
 brax : or we could just meet somewhere , no pressure or anything damn she 's still not replying . 
 i get home , and i hop in the shower , needing to cool off after my run and thoughts about elle 's ass moving up and down in front of me . 
 i tried not to look but hell , i 'm a guy and she has a nice ass . 
 especially when she runs . 
 i check my phone again when i get back to my room and i 'm relieved to see a text from her . 
 elise : hey , no my place sounds good . 
 we could watch a movie or something . 
 what do you like to watch ? 
 i want to say thrillers , but i stop myself . 
 brax : drama or comedy , i 'm pretty easy . 
 elise : * giggles * i bet you are . 
 i crack up laughing . 
 i did n't realize she 'd take it like that , but damn she is cute as hell . 
 she has a bit of spunk to her and i can just imagine her sitting there with a grin . 
 two can play this game . 
 brax : bet you 'd love to find out . 
 see you in about an hour ? 
 elise : yeah , sounds good . 
 i 'll find something for us to watch . 
 see you soon . 
 after a quick tidy up of the house , i have a super quick shower and put some makeup on . 
 i want to look good for brax . 
 his text kind of threw me for a loop . 
 i honestly did n't expect to hear from him so soon . 
 i check netflix to find a movie we can watch , secretly glad he did n't say he liked thrillers or horror . 
 i 've had moments in the past where certain scenes have triggered a panic attack and i 'll never be able to watch horror movies again . 
 i settle on a movie about a college music competition , something light and funny . 
 i 'm putting together some snacks in the kitchen when i hear the doorbell . 
 i open the door to see brax standing there with chinese takeout and a ridiculously cute grin on his face . 
 i let him in and ca n't help but grin . 
 that warm feeling is back . 
 after being cold inside for so long i find i 'm welcoming it . 
 and the more time i spend with brax , the more i feel it . 
 i grab some plates , and we set our food on the coffee table . 
 `` so what are we watching , babe ? '' 
 brax asks while dishing up his plate . 
 i look at him , raising my eyebrow at his term of endearment . 
 `` babe ? '' 
 i say with a smile . 
 `` aww come on , elle . 
 it just slipped out , '' he explains with a cute grin that makes me melt . 
 i ca n't help but smile back . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 to tell you the truth , i kind of like it , '' i reply , avoiding his gaze . 
 i have n't got a lot of experience at this flirting thing , but he 's making it easy . 
 the movie starts and we sit on opposite ends of the couch , enjoying our food and watching college kids trying to sing in tune . 
 i ca n't help but laugh at the silliness of it . 
 as i giggle away , almost forgetting that i have company , i glance over and see brax turned to his side , watching me . 
 he lifts his arm onto the top of the couch , gesturing for me to join him . 
 i move over a bit so i can lean into him and rest my head in the crook of his shoulder . 
 wow , i 'm enveloped in heat now . 
 not just warmth , but it is pure unadulterated heat . 
 i can feel his heartbeat through his chest and its racing almost as fast as mine . 
 shit , i 've never felt anything like this before . 
 what 's going on ? 
 the moment i looked up at him i knew he was going to kiss me and there was no way in hell i was going to stop him . 
 as he leans down and takes my mouth , i open my lips to him , granting him access . 
 for the first time in a long time , i feel like i 'm home . 
 chapter five the past few weeks seem to have flown by . 
 brax and i have seen each other most days , except for the nights when he has school work to do . 
 we talk , we cook , we watch movies , and we make out for hours . 
 god , i am already so addicted to him and the way he makes me feel . 
 i catch him just staring at me sometimes , and the smile he gives me makes me melt , but i 'm not ready to go any further than kissing just yet . 
 i have n't been with anyone like that for a long time , and it 's not something i 'm in a hurry to do . 
 i want it to be with someone i love instead of a casual hook-up to get past the pain like i 've done in the past . 
 the one thing i 've missed out on by shutting everyone out is female friends . 
 i do n't have any , not even someone remotely close . 
 i do n't have to work for obvious reasons , so all i have in my life is school , my apartment and brax . 
 i miss having someone to talk to about everything , a girlfriend i can confide in , but i have n't known any different for the past three years . 
 i 'd like to have someone to talk about brax with . 
 i smile whenever i think of him . 
 i have n't seen him since sunday and it 's now tuesday night . 
 i sent him a text earlier asking if he wanted to go grab some dinner somewhere . 
 he texted back saying he might have a late study group , but would let me know . 
 so here i am in a tank top and pajama pants , sitting on my couch on a tuesday night in the middle of september , watching a menial television game show . 
 i hear a knock at the door and rush up to answer it , thinking it could be brax surprising me . 
 i open the door , but instead of brax , i 'm met by my father 's business partner , harold brimstone . 
 harry and sylvia were very close with my parents when i was growing up so he 's always been uncle harry to me . 
 however , he has always made me feel uneasy , even as a kid . 
 i do n't know what it is about him , but he comes across as shady . 
 he is the acting ceo of brightlight industries , my father 's ... i mean , my company now . 
 he is in charge of everything until i finish school and take over from him . 
 my father effectively mapped out my future for me before he died . 
 it 's not that i do n't want my father 's company . 
 it is his legacy that he built from the ground up , but i just do n't like being expected to run it . 
 realizing harold is still standing in my doorway , i open the door and gesture him inside . 
 he has a quick look around and sits down in the loveseat i have next to the window . 
 `` how are you , elise ? '' 
 he asks , looking me over . 
 `` i 'm good , uncle harry . 
 what brings you across the country for a visit ? '' 
 my voice drips with dissent . 
 he 's aware that i do n't like him and by the way he seems to revel in making me uncomfortable i 'm sure the feeling is mutual . 
 `` no need to be like that , elle . 
 i just wanted to see how you were doing and make sure you were all settled in . 
 this place is great for you , '' he says as he gets up and starts walking around the room . 
 `` it 's elise , not elle , and thanks , i like it , '' i state defiantly . 
 i wonder what his game is this time . 
 for the past two years he has been in my face about the business . 
 i know the ins and outs of my father 's last wishes and the company 's constitution . 
 i remember harold was seething when my father 's will was read out and he found out about all of the changes made before his death . 
 the changes basically prevent harold from taking over a controlling stake in the company while i am still alive . 
 as the true ceo , i am the only one with the power to make any constitution changes in the future , including any that would allow him to buy my shares . 
 this is something that he has hounded me about for the past year or so . 
 i was recently informed by a number of the directors that he has been working to increase his stake in the company and currently owns a 40 % share , but as the majority shareholder who holds 60 % of the company , i 'm not looking to give up my controlling stake and this is a decision that dear old uncle harry ca n't accept . 
 before i moved out here , he would constantly ask me if i had changed my mind . 
 this is the first time he has visited me since i moved to the opposite side of the country , though . 
 `` what 's this about , uncle harry ? '' 
 i 'm annoyed at his presence now , knowing exactly why he has gone out of his way to visit . 
 `` i was in new york for business and thought i 'd pop in to check on you . 
 you are very important to me , you know . '' 
 his words sound sincere , but they are lined with distaste . 
 `` i also wanted to check whether you had considered my buy-out proposal any further since the last time we spoke . '' 
 as i said , he ca n't accept that i 'm not interested . 
 with the most impeccable timing in the world , there is another knock at the door and this time i know it must be brax . 
 i open the door and he has a gorgeous smile on his face , holding a pizza box from the same pizzeria from our first date . 
 as he leans in to give me a welcoming kiss , he spots harry over my shoulder and suddenly tenses up . 
 what 's the matter with him ? 
 i hope he does n't think there is anything gross going on . 
 `` brax , this is harry brimstone , the ceo of brightlight industries , my father 's company . 
 he was friends with my father , '' i explain , totally confused by brax 's suddenly stoic behavior . 
 he shuts the door as he enters , walking straight past uncle harry when he holds his hand out to shake brax 's . 
 wow , this is totally unlike brax . 
 he 's never rude to anyone . 
 harry tilts his head a bit , like he is trying to work out who brax is , before returning his attention back to me . 
 `` elise , dear . 
 i must get going , but do ring me if you change your mind . 
 it can all be settled rather quickly when you make the right decision , '' he says to me quietly , pulling me in for an awkward hug . 
 i jerk myself away from him quickly and make my way to the front door to show him the way out . 
 once he has gone and the door is closed and locked , i walk straight into the kitchen and stand on the opposite side of the counter to brax , glaring at him . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 all he does is shrug his shoulders . 
 `` i do n't like him . 
 he seems sketchy . '' 
 i ca n't believe he is being so nonchalant about his behavior . 
 he 's never met uncle harry before and he 's acting like he ca n't stand the man . 
 before i can stew about it any longer he puts his hand behind my neck and pulls me towards him , giving me the most spine tingling kiss i 've ever had . 
 it 's hot , desperate , and there is no doubt that his intention is to shut me up on the matter . 
 it works . 
 he pulls away , and i just stare at him . 
 he has literally just kissed me speechless . 
 after demolishing a whole pizza between us , we attempt to watch dirty dancing . 
 i say attempt because we manage to watch ten minutes of the movie before i am pushed down on the sofa by brax and we proceed to make out like teenagers . 
 considering that up until three weeks ago i would avoid any contact with other people , i 'm finding this all comes very naturally to me . 
 brax makes it easy to relax and helps stop me from thinking too much . 
 i 've never had anyone make me feel the way he does . 
 from the first moment i saw him in class , i could feel him . 
 he was like a small light shining through the darkness that was my life . 
 my dark side has been all i 've known for the past three years , so any light seems to shine brighter . 
 i 'm scared if i open up to brax and tell him what i 've been through , he might run the other away . 
 is it better to tell him and lose him now , or wait until we 're beyond the point of no return and have his rejection crush me ? 
 sleeping in bed later that night , i have a nightmare far worse than any i 've had before . 
 i wake up at 2 a.m. shaking and covered in sweat . 
 even though i 'm awake , i still feel like something is closing in on me . 
 i 've never had one as bad as this before . 
 i grab my phone and quickly text brax . 
 elle : i think i need you to come back . 
 instead of texting me back , my phone starts ringing straight away and the caller id shows that it is him . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i answer shakily , still reeling . 
 `` babe , what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i can hear the worry in his voice . 
 `` sorry for waking you up . 
 i just had a bad dream , and i 'm feeling a bit unsettled . '' 
 i feel really bad for disturbing him now because he sounds really worried about me . 
 `` it 's okay , hon. i 'm here for you if you need me . 
 i 'm just getting dressed now and i 'll be there as soon as i can . 
 i 'll knock on the door twice when i get there . '' 
 i sigh with relief . 
 `` thank you . 
 i do n't know why it 's affected me so much this time . '' 
 this was definitely the worse dream i 've had so far . 
 `` see you soon , babe . 
 i 'm leaving now , '' he says and hangs up . 
 i get out of bed , put some pajama shorts on , then head to the kitchen to get some water . 
 i walk over to the loveseat next to my front window and look out into the night . 
 i see that car again , the black honda that has been there off and on for over three weeks now . 
 this is getting to be beyond a joke . 
 i wonder if i should speak to the security people at brightlight to get them to look into it . 
 i 'm starting to wonder if the media is interested in me again now that i 'm getting close to inheriting brightlight . 
 they 've always been relentless in the past when it came to the ` reclusive halliwell heiress . ' 
 straight after the murders the media were ruthless in their pursuit of me , and the news articles were just as bad . 
 everywhere i went , there would be a camera . 
 it was really bad when the house was sold . 
 there were so many people who came through solely because it was known as the ` halliwell murder house ' . 
 who wants their childhood home branded like that ? 
 i sold it because there was no way i was ever setting foot back inside that house again . 
 apart from my mother 's jewelry and some family heirlooms , everything was sold or destroyed . 
 my happy childhood memories of my father , mother and little sister were ripped away in a moment by an unknown killer . 
 it was pure coincidence that i was not in the house that night , some might call it fate . 
 the night before i came home was the night my world crashed down around me . 
 the nightmares have been a frequent occurrence ever since . 
 sometimes they are happy memories that end with a sea of blood , and other times they are re-enactments of the murders , as if i was there . 
 the one tonight was exactly that , except this time the killer finished with my family and found me in my room . 
 i was standing in front of him with a gun in my face and just as he were about to pull the trigger , i woke up . 
 i wonder what is triggering the nightmares this time . 
 maybe it was uncle harry 's visit . 
 he was close to my father , so maybe it has brought all the pain back into my consciousness . 
 i have to admit , uncle harry was acting rather strange tonight , especially when brax arrived . 
 it was like he could n't work brax out , like he had seen him before but could n't peg him . 
 i leave the window and snuggle down on the couch under a blanket . 
 nothing like mind-numbing television in the middle of the night to disrupt my thoughts . 
 twenty minutes later i hear brax knock twice on the door . 
 i unlock it and he bursts in , pulling me into his arms straight away and i instantly feel safe again . 
 i ca n't believe i 've only known him for a month , yet i ca n't bear the idea of being without him . 
 he joins me back on the couch , lies down and pulls me on top of him so i 'm covering his body . 
 he pulls the blanket over us and we start watching tv as he strokes my hair mindlessly . 
 pretty soon i 'm relaxed and limp , falling back to sleep in his arms and the nightmares all but banished . 
 after my last minute meeting with shay , all i want to do is eat and see my girl . 
 shay told me that harry brimstone is in the area , but the last thing i expect is to find him inside elle 's apartment when she opens her door . 
 all the intel we have on harold brimstone confirms he has his hands in many dodgy pies . 
 i had dealings with brimstone many years ago , and he has also had dealings with my boss in the past . 
 lately he has been connected to former agent-now crooked cop-michael evans , who is as corrupt as the day is long . 
 we think evans is either on brimstone 's payroll , or at the very least linked to him . 
 i wonder why harry decided to drop in for a visit all of a sudden . 
 he told elle that he was ` just in the area ' but of course i know better than that . 
 we 're a good hour from the city , this trip had a purpose . 
 i 'll have to find out from elle what he wants because whenever brimstone is involved , i know that something bad is going down . 
 once brimstone leaves , i am able to relax and enjoy the rest of the evening with elle . 
 i try not to show my concerns about brimstone to elle . 
 i 'd hate for her to get suspicious about me . 
 i leave elle 's apartment around midnight and head out to the bar around the block to catch up with shay . 
 i need to find out what happened once harry left the apartment . 
 shay followed him to a bar in lower manhattan where he met up with another man he could n't identify . 
 a short time later evans joined them and that is when shay texted me , saying we needed to catch up . 
 when the men had concluded their meeting and gone their separate ways , shay followed brimstone back to his hotel where he said he must have retired for the night , because he stayed outside for a couple of hours and never saw harry again . 
 when i get elle 's text telling me she needs me , i swear i 've never moved so fast in my life . 
 i race over there and can see she was shaken up just by the look on her face . 
 i want to ask her what happened , but i can tell she is exhausted so i walk over to the couch and lie down , pulling her down on me . 
 she 's so light i can barely feel her , but having her on top of me feels so right . 
 her soft warm body just melts into my mine . 
 i pull the blanket up around us , wrap my arm around her waist and she burrows her head into my chest as we start watching some random television sitcom . 
 within minutes , i feel her breathing slow down and i know she has gone back to sleep . 
 all is right in my world , especially with elise asleep in my arms . 
 i ca n't imagine ever wanting to let her go . 
 chapter six i wake up on top of brax , still laying on the couch . 
 the television is blaring music in the background and i 'm not sure what the time is , but the light streaming through the gap in my blinds is telling me it is definitely morning . 
 i try to get off brax , but i feel his arm tighten around me . 
 i look over and see his bright blue eyes staring back at me . 
 how can someone wake up and look this sexy ? 
 we lie there , just staring at each other and i 'm not sure what to do . 
 i 've just spent my first night ever sleeping in a man 's arms . 
 my mind is focused on the feeling of brax 's hard body underneath me . 
 he feels good , way too good . 
 i wonder how he feels with me laying on top of him . 
 i try to move again and he tightens his arm even more , that smirk of his larger than life . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 he says , his voice deep and husky from waking up , making my insides clench . 
 damn , that is sexy . 
 `` i thought you might be uncomfortable , '' i try to explain , losing my train of thought as i stare at his mouth . 
 his lips beg to be kissed but i 've never been one to initiate things . 
 his eyes are all-knowing , like he can hear my inner monologue . 
 his grin slowly disappears as his gaze shifts to my mouth . 
 deciding to take charge for once , i lean down to gently nip his bottom lip as he opens his mouth to let me in . 
 my fingers take on a mind of their own as they run through his bed hair , pulling his head closer to mine . 
 it feels so natural to be waking up to him , to kiss him . 
 is this what love is supposed to be like ? 
 am i in love with brax ? 
 i ca n't deny that i 'm falling for him , and his kisses are the perfect antidote for any bad nightmare . 
 we pull our mouths apart , breathless and full of desire . 
 i giggle and he quirks his eyebrow at me . 
 `` is kissing me funny ? '' 
 he asks , grinning at my laughter . 
 `` i just figure i 'd have morning breath , i 'm so sorry , '' i say between laughs . 
 he pulls me down to him again and kisses me deeply , plunging my mouth with his tongue . 
 he pulls away so our lips are barely touching , `` i do n't care , '' he whispers as his hands roam down my shoulders , around my waist and slowly inch down to my ass as he pulls me even closer to him . 
 i gasp when i feel how much he wants me , he feels divine . 
 i make myself pull away because if know if i do n't i wo n't be able to control myself , and i 'm not quite ready for that kind of interaction . 
 leaning my forehead against his , i try to calm my racing heartbeat . 
 it feels like it is going to beat out of my chest . 
 `` that 's to prove how delicious your morning breath is , babe . '' 
 he kisses my nose and lifts his shoulders up , propping himself up onto his elbows and giving me the opportunity to roll off the couch . 
 `` now , where is my coffee ? 
 i need a reward for being your knight in shining armor . '' 
 it feels so good waking up with elle this morning . 
 her warm body all over me , my arms wrapped tightly around her . 
 after ravishing the hell out of her mouth and taking the opportunity to let my hands wander all over her body , she jumps off me and goes into the kitchen to put the coffeemaker on . 
 i groan at the loss of contact , a groan that gets louder when i spy the small tank top and shorts she 's wearing . 
 her outfit is not doing anything for my hard morning predicament . 
 i know we need to have a conversation about what happened last night , but she needs to trust me enough to open up . 
 what scared her so much that she did n't want to be alone ? 
 the fact that she text me to come over warms my heart , because more than anything else , i want to be the one she turns to and if i ca n't come , shay would be there in an instant . 
 thinking about him , elle and shay need to be introduced . 
 he 's my best friend and she 's my girlfriend , so it 's logical shay 's part in this job is to collect intel and watch over elle when i ca n't be there . 
 he 's always been the one behind the scenes when we work together . 
 we both have contacts all over the country through the boss man 's connections but shay specifically has extensive surveillance skills learned during our time in the army . 
 we met each other while doing our basic training , before we headed off to separate divisions . 
 he was in the intelligence unit whereas i was infantry . 
 shay and i talked about the case last night and about what would happen if the boss and gibbons find out about my relationship with elle . 
 we 're pretty sure the shit would hit the fan and we 'd be replaced , more than likely sent back to georgia to return to standard security detail . 
 shay told me that i 'm in too deep with her and that it may start hampering my judgment . 
 i did my best to reassure him that the job is not in danger , but the end of the day , i just ca n't say away from elle . 
 we talked about harry 's visit and what went down when he was here . 
 he was not impressed that harry had seen me . 
 we still do n't know why harry met with evans last night , but we suspect that they 're working together on brimstone 's attempted takeover of the company . 
 evans and brimstone together though , that means the threat to elle has increased ten-fold . 
 elle walks back into the living room and places a cup of coffee and a plate full of toast on the coffee table . 
 smiling at me , she sits down and starts eating . 
 i checked the time when i was in the kitchen . 
 it 's 8 a.m. and my first class is n't until 10 . 
 `` how 's your morning looking ? '' 
 she says through a mouthful of toast . 
 i smile at how adorable she is in the morning . 
 `` well , my day started off great with a hot young brunette on top of me , so no complaints so far , '' i say with a grin . 
 she hits my arm while laughing at my comment . 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 i smile . 
 her laugh is so infectious . 
 `` yes , i know what you mean , hon. i was thinking about going to the gym for a workout before my finance class at noon . 
 then i was thinking we could go out for a movie and a burger later on . 
 we could meet up with shay , if that 's okay with you ? '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` that sounds great . 
 i 'd love to meet him . '' 
 she leans over to kiss me with her peanut butter smeared mouth . 
 i pull her in tight and lick her lips after our kiss . 
 `` hmm , elise and peanut butter . 
 my new favorite breakfast . '' 
 after coffee and breakfast , i lean back on the couch and pull elle into my side . 
 she snuggles into me and we sit there for what seems like ages , just enjoying the moment . 
 i take a deep breath and look down at her . 
 `` we need to talk about last night , elle . '' 
 `` i know , '' she replies with a sigh . 
 `` what happened between the time i left and your text ? 
 when i left at midnight you seemed happy but tired . 
 i thought you 'd go straight to bed '' i look at her , silently imploring her to open up to me . 
 `` i had a nightmare . 
 when i woke up i was shaking and scared out of my mind . 
 the only thing i knew would make me feel better was you . '' 
 she drops her head like she is ashamed . 
 i pull her chin up so that i 'm looking straight into her eyes . 
 `` you can call me anytime , sweetheart . 
 anytime at all and i will always be there for you . 
 i hope you know that . '' 
 she gives me a small smile . 
 `` i do now . '' 
 `` so , what was the nightmare about ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it was about my family . 
 i have n't told you what happened to them . 
 i will , i promise i 'll tell you about it all soon . 
 i just do n't like talking about it because it still hurts so much . '' 
 a single tear rolls down her face . 
 i lean down and kiss the tear away , then i lightly kiss her lips . 
 `` i hope you will . 
 i want to know everything i can about you . 
 i care a lot about you , elle , and nothing from your past will change that . '' 
 i smile at her , hoping she believes me . 
 there is something in the way brax looks at me that makes me feel grounded . 
 when i 'm with him it feels like i 'm his whole world-that his sole focus is on me and he 'd move heaven and earth to make me happy . 
 i feel like the gaping hole in my heart is slowly being closed up by him . 
 he has given me hope that life can be good for me again , despite my horrific past . 
 i tell him about last night 's nightmare and how i 've been having them for a while now , but i ca n't bring myself to explain what happened in the dream . 
 i want to , but i 'm scared it will bring it all back-the horror , the heartache , the sudden loneliness that has only just started to wane . 
 i know he could so easily find out what happened by just googling my name and i have made a promise to myself to tell him soon . 
 i 'm relieved he has n't pushed me into telling him more before i 'm ready . 
 i 've never met anyone as thoughtful and understanding as him . 
 how did i get so lucky ? 
 i suddenly remember about the car parked outside last night . 
 `` brax , did you see a black honda parked on the road when you left last night ? '' 
 he thinks for a bit . 
 `` no , i did n't . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i 've seen a black honda on the street off and on for three weeks now . 
 there is always a guy sitting in the driver 's seat , but he does n't seem to move . 
 at first i thought he was just a visitor , or maybe that a neighbor had a new car , but then he would get out of the car , right ? 
 it 's probably nothing , but it just seems a bit weird . '' 
 his body goes rigid as he looks at me , blinking his eyes like he ca n't believe what i 've just told me , then he jumps to his feet . 
 `` are you okay , brax ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i just remembered i have to see my accounting professor this morning and if i do n't go now i 'll miss him . '' 
 he heads to the kitchen to tidy up our dishes , then turns and heads back towards me . 
 wow , he seems to be rushing now . 
 `` brax , did i say something to upset you ? '' 
 `` no , sweetheart . 
 just running late . 
 i 'll see you later , beautiful girl , '' he says , leaning down and kissing me deep and hard . 
 he picks up his jacket and walks towards the door . 
 wow . 
 if that 's how he says goodbye , i do n't mind him leaving me . 
 the look on his face and a cheeky wink tells me he knows exactly how he makes me feel . 
 he closes my door and i 'm left standing in my living room with a goofy smile on my face . 
 damn , that man is good . 
 as i leave elle 's building , i look around for the car she told me about . 
 i ca n't see it immediately , then sure enough-on the corner of the street-there it is . 
 i try to identify who the driver is , but he 's not someone i 've seen around before . 
 i discretely take a photo of him with my phone and send it through to gibbons for an id . 
 i hope he can track him down quickly so we can work out whether he is involved or not . 
 my gut is telling me that this is not a good thing . 
 of course i had to make up a story about needing to see my accounting professor to get out of elle 's apartment . 
 i would love nothing more to stay there all day with her , but we both have classes and i want to tell shay about the black honda elle has spotted . 
 at first i thought she had seen shay but he 's in a red toyota and is a hell of a lot more careful . 
 i meet shay at the coffee shop where i took elle that first day . 
 grabbing two black coffees , we take a seat near the window . 
 `` elle asked me this morning if i 've noticed a black honda hanging around outside her building . 
 have you seen anything ? '' 
 i ask him , burning my tongue on my coffee in the process . 
 `` i 've seen it , but it did n't raise any alarm bells with me . 
 but when i think about it , that car has been around a lot . 
 i just thought it was one of her neighbors , '' he says , shrugging his shoulders . 
 `` dude , we 're supposed to keep an eye out for this type of thing . 
 that 's why you 're on the outside , '' i reply angrily . 
 `` hey chill , b. i 'm on it now . 
 i 'll get a plate number and follow it up . 
 we can also try and get a photo of the guy and send it through to gibbons to run through the computer . '' 
 `` i 've already sent a photo through before i came here . 
 what if he 's working for brimstone or evans ? '' 
 i ask , letting out an exasperated sigh . 
 `` sorry , shay . 
 i 'm just as much to blame as you are . 
 i should 've realized that the car was suspicious . '' 
 `` all good , b . 
 we 're on to it now . 
 so , why did you end up going back last night ? '' 
 he asks , arching his brow . 
 i know exactly what he 's thinking . 
 `` no , shay . 
 it was n't a booty call , '' i shake my head . 
 `` she had a nightmare that really freaked her out , so i went over to stay with her . 
 we slept on the couch . '' 
 `` right . 
 not even this morning ? '' 
 he questions with a wink . 
 `` not even this morning , although i would n't have said no . 
 she was wearing a small tank top and pajama shorts that would make a monk hard . '' 
 `` shit , dude . 
 that 's some wicked self-control you 've got going on . '' 
 `` nah , it 's different with elle . 
 i do n't want to rush it , '' i say , reflecting on this morning 's events with a smile . 
 `` okay , man , enough about that . 
 i better get back to my post . 
 we still on for tonight ? '' 
 he asks , putting his empty cup in the bin . 
 `` definitely . 
 elle ca n't wait to meet you , but i have n't told her about your terrible bo and bad jokes yet , so she might still change her mind . '' 
 `` thanks , bro . 
 real nice , '' he responds with a grin . 
 we leave the coffee shop and go our separate ways . 
 i 'm heading home for a much needed workout and cold shower . 
 waking up this morning with elle lying on top of me was not easy when all my body wanted to do was to bury itself so deep inside her that no one would be able to tell us apart . 
 just thinking about her warm little body lying on me in her tight tank top and cute pajama shorts has me all hot and bothered again . 
 yup , a workout sounds like a freaking great idea right now . 
 the movie and burger with shay and brax is great . 
 we met shay at the theatre around the corner and went to see a newly released comedy before heading to the restaurant next door for burgers and drinks . 
 shay is great . 
 he 's hot , definitely not in the same league as brax , but still very nice . 
 he 's twenty-six , with short dark blonde hair styled into a faux-hawk , crystal blue eyes and a smile that tells you he 's aware of the effect he has on people . 
 he 's the same height as brax , but slightly leaner . 
 he is wearing a black wife-beater , showing off his muscular arms and a tattoo that is wrapped around his bicep of a dragon chasing a heart . 
 his pair of dirty denim jeans complete the bad ass look . 
 brax can make me swoon with one simple glance where as shay looks like he has a myriad of dirty thoughts going through his brain and they all involve you . 
 i can tell why these two are friends . 
 once we 've finished our burgers , we say goodbye to shay . 
 brax walks me the few blocks back to my apartment , and i suddenly feel anxious again . 
 i wo n't be able to sleep tonight for fear i 'm going to end up having another nightmare . 
 brax stops walking and looks at me with concern . 
 he lifts my hand that he is holding and cradles it on his chest . 
 `` what 's wrong , elle ? 
 you 've gone white as a ghost and tense as all hell . 
 you 're scaring me . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i 'm just scared , you know ? '' 
 i can tell he 's not buying it . 
 he has to be able to see that i 'm on edge . 
 `` scared of what , hon ? '' 
 he asks with a worried look . 
 `` of having another nightmare . 
 they 're getting worse and last night 's was horrific , '' i explain as my eyes fill with tears . 
 he pulls me in close and i nuzzle his chest while reaching my arms around his back . 
 he holds me tight and whispers in my ear , `` i 'm going to stay with you tonight , in your bed , so you can get a good night 's sleep . 
 if you have another nightmare i 'm going be right there next to you , ready to hold you and kiss you and make you feel warm again . '' 
 i feel my breathing speed up and the prospect of a nightmare slips from my mind as the thought of brax staying over invades my head instead . 
 now that we 're upstairs and in my apartment again , i 'm nervous about spending the night with brax . 
 after this morning , i do n't know if i 'll be able to control myself around him . 
 i 've never had a man sleep over before . 
 any hook-ups i had in the past were purely physical and were never at my place , but something about sharing my bed with brax feels different . 
 it feels right . 
 he has left me alone in my room while i change out of my clothes . 
 he must realize that this is a big step for me and knows i need some space to collect my thoughts . 
 i hop in the shower , trying to rinse away my nerves and surprisingly , it works . 
 i do feel a little more relaxed by the time i get out . 
 i stress out over what to wear , but decide on my tank top and pajama shorts again since he already saw them this morning and did n't seem to be complaining . 
 when i head out to the living room to look for brax , i hear him talking on the phone . 
 `` you 're off for the night . 
 go home , get laid , relax . 
 i 'll call you in the morning , dude . '' 
 he hangs up and turns around when he hears me come in the room . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 i ask , having a fair idea that is was shay , but not sure what he means about him having the night off . 
 `` it was shay . 
 i told him that i was staying here for the night and he was just asking if anything was wrong . 
 i told him about your nightmare and how we 'd both feel better if i stayed over , '' he explains as he walks over to me and slowly runs his hands down my arms . 
 he wraps his arms around my waist . 
 `` you do n't mind that i told him , do you ? '' 
 `` it 's okay , he 's your best friend . 
 i bet you tell him everything , '' i reply , wishing i had someone to confide in . 
 his face softens , his eyes sparkle and he grins as he looks down at me in his arms . 
 i instantly get chills , the good kind that run from your head to your toes and warm you up as they go . 
 i move my arms up and wrap them around his neck . 
 `` should we go to bed now ? '' 
 i suggest quietly , trying and failing to hide the nervousness in my voice . 
 i 'm still not ready to take things to the next level , but i 'm more than happy to make out with him in bed , half naked . 
 definitely ready for that . 
 he looks at me and smirks . 
 `` babe , i 'm starting to think you just want to get me half naked . '' 
 i gasp in mock horror , whack his arm and twist out of his embrace , walking towards the bedroom . 
 as i reach the doorway , i turn around and give him my best attempt at a seductive grin . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 i 've never seen a man move so fast , i swear to god . 
 i wake up after one of the best night 's sleep i 've ever had , with a sleeping elle in my arms again . 
 although this time we 're in her bed and we 're a tangle of arms and legs , like we ca n't get close enough to each other . 
 my body is acutely aware of our proximity and has already made its intentions clear . 
 i try to move away from her so that i 'm not so obvious and she does n't feels pressured , but she tightens her grip as soon as i try and edge away . 
 i roll over and find her smiling back at me with the sexiest look i 've ever seen . 
 i lean over and push her onto her back , kissing her like she 's the air i need to breathe . 
 her hands reach behind me and pull me over on top of her . 
 dammit , she is n't helping my self-restraint . 
 i bury my hands in her soft brown hair , devouring her mouth and giving her all that i have . 
 when i hear her groan into my mouth , any control over myself i had is lost . 
 pulling away , i stare into her eyes , looking for any sign that she is n't okay with this . 
 my hard body feels so good against her soft skin and i know that if we go any further , it is going to be rather difficult to stop what we 've started . 
 she lifts her head so that her lips are close to mine again and kisses me . 
 it 's like a silent plea to carry on and my hands drift from her hair down to her face as i gently caress her cheek with my thumbs . 
 propping myself up on one elbow , i run the back of my hand down her neck until i reach the curve of her br ** sts . 
 her chest is lifting steadily as her breathing quickens under my touch , i love how responsive she is with me . 
 my hand moves lower , stroking her breast as i explore her soft silky skin , watching her face for a reaction as i go . 
 she closes her eyes and moans deeply , arching her back and pushing her br ** sts further into my hands . 
 the fact that she is openly giving herself to me like this , and is enjoying every second of it , amazes me . 
 i run my palms over her now erect ni ** les , i hear a soft whimper from her mouth . 
 i 'm making sure i take my time exploring every inch of her body ; she needs to feel cherished , i want her to feel worshipped . 
 i move my mouth to her neck , gently nipping and sucking at her skin . 
 lifting my mouth to her ear , i whisper , `` let me hear you , elle . 
 i want to know how i 'm making you feel . '' 
 she runs her hands up and down my arm , my muscles tense and relax at her touch . 
 i trail my lips from her ear and along her jaw while my hand moves down to the hem of her tank top . 
 grasping the bottom of it , i slowly drag it upwards and my fingers lightly graze her skin as i move it higher , pulling it over her head . 
 now that she is naked in front of me , the overwhelming urge to claim her as my own consumes me . 
 her response to me is blowing my mind . 
 craving the touch of her skin against mine , i pull her towards me and she nips my bottom lip , pushing her tongue against mine , showing me how on fire she feels right now . 
 pushing her back down onto the bed , my hands continue their exploration down her stomach until they reach her hips . 
 running my hand ever so slowly across her body , hip bone to hip bone , i feel her shiver . 
 i 've never wanted to take my time as much as i do now . 
 i could spend a lifetime doing this and still never have enough of her . 
 enjoying of the most erotic moments in my life , i ca n't kid myself any longer about the depth of my feelings for her . 
 i inch my hand under the band of her shorts and hear her breath hitch as i inch them down . 
 i look back up at her for a moment , reveling in her beautiful naked body next to me . 
 i move down the bed , kneeling between her legs . 
 not once breaking eye contact , i lift one of her legs up and gently kiss the instep of her foot , starting a trail of kisses up her smooth calf . 
 i caress behind her knee before continuing up to her inner thigh . 
 i lean over her body and kiss her deeply , meaningfully , our twisting tongues beginning a passionate battle . 
 i lie down on my side , rolling her to face me . 
 without breaking our searing kiss , i settle my palm between her thighs as her legs part around me , leaning over her with my other arm resting by her side as i start exploring her with my fingers . 
 i 've been totally overcome by this woman beside me , and i do n't want to fight it anymore . 
 as her hips move in rhythm with my touch , she reaches up and runs her fingers through my hair , pulling me closer and holding me tighter , as she nears climax . 
 i continue to kiss her , barely able to come up for air . 
 i lift my thumb , touching her centre one last time as she falls head first over the edge , i can see the waves of pleasure rolling through her as she cries out into my mouth . 
 i pull back to watch her come undone . 
 if ever there was a time where i could climax without being touched by a woman , this would be it . 
 she is truly spectacular , a sight to behold . 
 `` you are amazing , '' i whisper , softly kissing her swollen lips as she tries to catch her breath . 
 letting out a sigh of contentment , i lean back against the bed , elle snuggling into my side . 
 i 'm head over heels for elle halliwell , and i 've never been happier . 
 chapter seven watching elle let herself go and give herself to me was remarkable and nothing short of amazing . 
 i did n't care that i did n't finish . 
 watching her final wall crumble down was worth a world of pleasure to me . 
 i did n't want to rush her or do anything that she was n't ready for , but this morning she gave me a chance to show her how i feel and it was incredible . 
 i was n't going to let the opportunity pass . 
 we doze in bed for another hour then go our separate ways into the bathroom and kitchen . 
 i love the idea of getting ready for the day together , like it 's an everyday occurrence . 
 i could get used to this . 
 i check my phone while waiting for the coffee to finish brewing and see a text from shay . 
 shay : dude we have a problem . 
 brax : what 's up ? 
 shay : the boss man wants an update about elise and wants it given in person by you in atl . 
 brax : why does he need me to go home to give him an update . 
 it ai n't gon na happen . 
 how would i work that , man ? 
 shay : dunno . 
 i 'll try my best to go in your place . 
 what are we gon na tell him about you two ? 
 brax : i 'm leaving elle 's place now . 
 meet me at mine in twenty mins and we 'll talk . 
 elle walks into the living room just as i finish texting shay . 
 without realizing it , i find myself pacing backwards and forwards in front of the front window , phone in hand . 
 `` babe , is everything okay ? '' 
 she asks as she walks towards me . 
 i plaster a smile on my face , trying to hide my concern from her . 
 `` yes , sweetheart . 
 everything is fine . 
 you look incredible , by the way , you know that ? '' 
 i wrap my arms around her waist and lean down to brush my lips against hers . 
 `` i do n't know about that , but you can keep telling me as much as you like , '' she replies . 
 i raise my eyebrow at her , moving to whisper in her ear , `` and i 'll never stop trying to make you feel just as amazing as you felt this morning , either . '' 
 she trembles at the closeness of my mouth to her neck , the heat of my words affecting her whole body . 
 `` i 'd like that , '' she murmurs as i pull away , giving her the biggest grin . 
 i swear if i do n't leave this apartment now , i 'll make true on that promise again and again . 
 `` i 've got ta go meet up with shay before class , but i 'll text ya later . '' 
 with a quick kiss , i leave . 
 the day has already been an eventful one and it 's not even 9 a.m. i 'm in such a great mood , but shay 's text had been a bit of a wet blanket . 
 he is already waiting outside my place when i get there , looking mildly peeved off . 
 i unlock my front door , and we head upstairs . 
 once we 're armed with coffee and comfortable , shay looks over at me and shakes his head . 
 `` so , this problem ? '' 
 `` has something happened ? '' 
 i look at him , waiting for an explanation . 
 `` evans has been asking questions . 
 he wants to know where you are and what you 're up to , '' he replies . 
 `` gibbons is n't too worried , though . 
 he knows that they 're not going to find out anything and we 've been careful to cover all bases . '' 
 despite his assurances , i ca n't help feeling uneasy about this development . 
 `` why is he suddenly so interested in me ? '' 
 there must be more to this than harry just seeing me at elle 's place last night . 
 he may be a creep and i definitely do n't trust him , but i still ca n't get my head around whether he would actually hurt elle , just for a stake in the company . 
 he was her father 's best friend and his business partner , her guardian for the past three years . 
 you 'd think that he would relish playing the protective guardian role . 
 whatever is going on , i do know that evans and brimstone working together would be a formidable pairing that we may have underestimated . 
 `` we have to sit tight , b. gibbons says the boss wants you see you in person to make sure that you 're prepared to stay here for the long haul and get your assurances that everything is going okay . 
 he knows you 're background with evans and he 's just concerned that your focus might be elsewhere , now that we know he is involved . 
 they 're not going to throw you under the bus , he 's just covering all the bases , '' shay explains . 
 i know he 's trying to placate me . 
 he knows me too well and can clearly see that this development has shaken me up . 
 in typical shay fashion , he 's trying to make sure i do n't do anything rash . 
 `` how about i go down there and smooth everything out for the moment ? '' 
 he offers . 
 it 's in moments like these that i 'm so glad to have my best friend as my partner . 
 `` i 'll really owe you for this , man , you know that . 
 i would n't take such a risk if she was n't important to me . 
 she is amazing and , goddammit , the sexiest woman i have ever met . 
 you 've seen her . '' 
 he looks at me and smiles his cheeky ass grin . 
 `` i know , dude . 
 you 're so whipped you do n't know which way is up . '' 
 he cracks up laughing at me . 
 `` never thought it would happen . '' 
 `` if you had a woman like elle you 'd be whipped too , buddy , '' i retort . 
 `` i know , trust me , i know . 
 just sucks that you met her first , '' he says with a laugh , earning a shove from me . 
 `` watch it , bro . 
 keep your eyes to yourself , '' i warn him jokingly . 
 having finished talking , shay breaks my train of thought . 
 `` thanks for the coffee , but i 'm going to head off now . 
 i need to ring gibbons and arrange a flight . 
 i should be back within a day or two . 
 you going to be okay by yourself , or do you need backup ? '' 
 `` it 's all good , man . 
 we 'll stay low key for a few days just in case , but we 'll be fine . 
 i 'll look after elle . 
 you know that 's all i want to do now . '' 
 he sighs and shakes his head . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 that 's what i 'm worried about . '' 
 i frown at him . 
 he 's never been one to get overly concerned , but the situation i 'm finding myself in is obviously troubling him . 
 i walk up to him and grab his shoulder . 
 `` we 'll be okay , shay . 
 we always are . '' 
 the next few days fly by . 
 elle has a paper due so she has been busy working on it . 
 we 've been spending so much time together lately that we 've both been neglecting our studies . 
 because i 'm only taking a light course load i do n't have as much work to do as she does , but in order to keep up appearances i have to do the work as if i 'm your typical mature student . 
 just another one of the downsides that comes with working undercover . 
 shay got back from atlanta after two days away and as promised he has sorted out the situation with the big boss before anybody decided to make a personal visit up here . 
 he did lay into me about getting too close to elle and the predicament that we 're now both in . 
 i know he hates lying to the boss for me , but he knows i 'm head over heels for elle and i ca n't imagine leaving her now . 
 with evans now looking into my whereabouts , i 'm going to have to try and stay out of trouble , which includes playing nice with brimstone . 
 i am glad that gibbons has agreed to brimstone being tailed , though . 
 if he slips up , we 'll know about it . 
 brax and i have been studying at our respective houses today because i need to concentrate on a paper that 's due , and we struggle to get anything done when we 're together . 
 after finishing for the day , i send him a text to see if he wants to come over tonight . 
 elle : wan na come over tonight , i 'm all finished now brax : of course , darlin . 
 i 'll grab some food and head over in about half an hour . 
 smiling at the immediate reply he sends , i decide it 's time to tease . 
 elle : i 'm sure you can think of ways to build up an appetite when you get here ... brax : dammit , woman . 
 how am i supposed to concentrate now ?! 
 elle : as long as you 're focused when you get here , i 'm not worried ; -rrb- now , i know i 'm being brazen , but after the morning wake-up call brax gave me a couple of days ago , i ca n't wait to be with him again . 
 i sent the text over an hour ago and now i 'm getting nervous . 
 i 've been on edge all day anyway because i decided that tonight is the night i 'm going to tell him about my past . 
 all of it , warts and all . 
 i do n't want to hide my darkness from him any longer and although i do n't have nightmares when i 'm with brax , there are still a lot of those times when i feel the dark clouds forming around me again . 
 i need him to see my dark side , so i can be sure he is the one to show me the light . 
 another hour passes with no sign of him . 
 i text him to check that he 's still coming over . 
 no reply , again . 
 i see that it has now been over three hours since he said he 'd be here . 
 now i 'm starting to really worry . 
 i 'm about to give up and head to bed when i hear a knock at the door followed by a loud thump against the wall outside . 
 looking through the peep hole , i ca n't see anyone out there , but i decide to open the door . 
 i 'm in a secure building , it ca n't be too bad . 
 my high-pitched scream echoes through the night at what i find . 
 so maybe we do have more to worry about now . 
 after texting elle and telling her i was on my way , i leave my building and walk towards our favorite mexican restaurant to grab our take-out order . 
 on the way back to her apartment , i sense that i 'm being followed . 
 i quickly sent a text to shay to let him know that i have a tail , but ask him to stay on elle , just in case she is being targeted . 
 i decide to change direction and head away from where i am supposed to be going . 
 i keep my phone in my pocket in the event i need to grab it in a hurry . 
 with shay tracking my gps , all bases are covered , we 've taken every precaution . 
 what i do n't count on is two guys that have been called ahead to intercept me as i cut through a quiet alleyway near campus . 
 before i know what is happening , i am sucker-punched by one of them . 
 i manage to get a good right hook to connect with one of their jaw 's before the other guy grabs my arms , twists them behind my back and dislocates my shoulder in the process . 
 this leaves me open to continual jabs to my face and ribs . 
 i kept trying to lift my legs up and knock one of them over , but they always manage to stay just out of reach . 
 after a few more whacks to my head , they finally let me go . 
 i crumble to the ground , clinging to my arm that is dangling lifelessly on the side of my body . 
 this is no random mugging , it is an orchestrated attack . 
 we are being sent a message . 
 from my position on the ground , i see a black town car pull up at the end of the alley , the car 's headlights shining down on me . 
 i am teetering on the edge of consciousness when i recognize the swagger of michael evans walking towards me . 
 i try to reach my phone , but because i am lying on it , i ca n't reach it . 
 i 'm relieved that elle is safe because of shay , despite whatever is about to happen to me . 
 i have n't moved by the time evans crouches down beside me . 
 `` leave it alone , boy . 
 whatever you think is going on , you have no freaking idea . 
 keep it that way , trust me . '' 
 with the message delivered , he stands up and gives me one last kick before i black out . 
 i come to a short time later and check my watch . 
 shit ! 
 it 's been over an hour . 
 i try to move , but i hurt everywhere . 
 there is a stabbing pain in the back of my head and what feels like a shard of glass being shoved into my shoulder . 
 using my good arm , i manage to grab my phone from my pocket and send a text to shay with our code for ambulance . 
 i hear the sirens in the distance as i black out again , lying in the middle of the alley , all alone , thinking of my elle waiting for me . 
 when i wake up again , i 'm in a hospital bed in the er . 
 my shoulder has been put back into place , my arm is now in a sling and i have two broken ribs as well as stitches in my head and on my face . 
 all i can think about is how i am going to explain this to elle . 
 i discharge myself against the doctor 's advice and hop in a taxi that is parked outside , giving the directions to elle 's apartment . 
 i must have fallen asleep in the back of the cab because before i know it , the taxi driver is telling me to get out as we stopped outside her building . 
 i throw him a twenty and gingerly got out of the cab , quickly scanning the street for shay . 
 so here i am , propped up against the wall of elle 's building , about to head inside . 
 i grab my phone with my good hand and dial shay . 
 `` hey man , what the hell happened ? 
 why did n't you call me sooner ? '' 
 he yells down the phone when he answers . 
 `` calm down , i 'm okay . 
 they ambushed me in an alley near campus and i could n't get to my phone in time . 
 anyway , you would n't have been able to leave elle , '' i say as i try to catch my breath , pain radiating through my chest . 
 `` it was evans . 
 he was sending us a message . '' 
 `` and what was that ? '' 
 he asks , sounding a lot calmer now . 
 `` he said to leave elle alone and that we have no idea what is really going on . 
 i 'm not worried about it , bro , but i 'm thinking there is even more to this than even we know . 
 i 'll be pissed if gibbons and the boss are holding back on us . '' 
 i wheeze . 
 damn , that smarts ! 
 `` well , i 'll do what i can , b , but you need to rest . 
 you think it is a good idea going to see her when you 're like this ? '' 
 wow , he actually sounds worried . 
 `` i have to see her , shay . 
 she 'll be concerned about why i have n't come over . 
 i ca n't have her thinking that she could lose me , too . 
 i 've got ta go . 
 i 'll text you in the morning . 
 you can bring me my prescription , '' i say grumpily before hanging up . 
 i open the door to elle 's building with one arm and walk tentatively towards the stairs . 
 i can feel myself starting to get a bit woozy and i wonder if it 's the pills they made me take at the er . 
 i stumble up the stairs and make it to her apartment door , managing to knock a few times before sliding down the wall with a thump . 
 my heart stops when i see brax slumped against the wall outside my apartment . 
 he looks terrible with one arm in a sling and a big bandage on his head as well as stiches on his face . 
 looks like i had every reason to be worried . 
 he 's obviously been beaten , and from what i can see , he is struggling to move . 
 before i can stop myself , i burst into tears . 
 `` brax , oh my god . 
 what happened ? '' 
 i whisper at him through my tears . 
 `` it 's okay , baby , '' he murmurs , sounding really groggy . 
 `` i got mugged on my way over here with our dinner , then i blacked out . 
 when i came to , i was in the er . 
 i 'm just a bit banged , i 'll be alright , '' he explains , lifting his good arm to me and pulling me into him , stroking my hair as i cry into his chest . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 why would this happen to you ? '' 
 i mumble . 
 i ca n't believe he 's still trying to comfort me when he 's the one hurting . 
 `` they must 've just wanted money and food , it happens . 
 now give me some room , i 'm gon na try and make it to the couch . '' 
 he winces as he struggles to get to his feet . 
 i give him my arm to lean on and help him into the apartment . 
 i lie him down on the couch and get a pillow from my room . 
 `` is there anything you need ? '' 
 i ask him , unsure of what to do . 
 i 've never had to deal with anything like this before . 
 `` i 'm okay , sweetheart . 
 now come closer to me . 
 i was thinking about you the whole time , '' he murmurs as i kneel on the ground in front of the couch and carefully snuggle into his side . 
 `` i 'm so sorry about the dinner , '' he says , and i burst out laughing through my tears . 
 typical male , always thinking of his stomach . 
 chapter eight i try to open my eyes , but it hurts to move . 
 my head is thumping , my shoulder is killing me , and my ribs feel like they 're about to explode . 
 when my eyelids finally open , i remember that i 'm in elle 's apartment on her couch . 
 looking down , i see that she is sitting on the floor with her head resting on the couch beside me , holding my hand . 
 i wish i could move over and hold her . 
 she looks so beautiful lying beside me with her hand resting on my stomach , her way of making sure i 'm okay . 
 i hate lying to her , but i ca n't tell her the truth about the beating . 
 last night 's events mean that this situation is more complicated that we first thought , and i 'm starting to think gibbons and the boss are holding back on us . 
 this does n't seem like a simple security job anymore . 
 i want to have a brainstorming session with shay about it later . 
 we need to put our heads together and consider all the possibilities . 
 if brimstone is behind the attack on me last night , what did he mean with his message and what does this mean for elle ? 
 i watch elle as she slowly opens her eyes and looks at me . 
 i watch her wince when she sees my face . 
 i must look really terrible now that the bruising has come up . 
 she leans forward and threads her fingers through my hair ever so carefully , avoiding the bandage on my head that covers the stitches . 
 she gently rubs her nose along my jaw and leans forward , placing a gentle kiss on my lips . 
 i lift my good hand up to cup her head , pulling her close to me as i start to take control of the kiss , which ends way too soon for my liking . 
 she sits up and smiles at me . 
 `` good morning , '' she says quietly , the blush in her cheeks giving away how much she enjoyed the kiss . 
 `` it 's always a good morning when i wake up next to you , '' i murmur , kissing her gently behind her ear . 
 i feel her shudder and ca n't help but grin . 
 i love the effect i have on her . 
 it is such a turn on to have a woman respond so openly to a simple kiss , let alone anything else . 
 she pulls back , taking a seat on the coffee table in front of me . 
 `` we need to talk . 
 i wanted to talk to you last night , but when you were late i started to get worried thinking you had changed your mind about coming over , '' she says softly . 
 `` but never in a million years did i expect you to turn up hurt . 
 it breaks my heart to see you so broken , brax . '' 
 i can tell she is starting to get upset again . 
 `` hon , it is okay . 
 i 'm okay and i 'm here . 
 all he got was our dinner , nothing else . 
 i came back to you as soon as i could . 
 i did n't want to worry you . 
 i just wanted to get checked out and cleaned up because i did n't want you to freak out . '' 
 i carefully roll on my side so that i 'm now propped up on my good elbow , facing her . 
 `` what did you want to talk to me about , sweetheart ? 
 your text said you wanted to talk to me . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` i love it when you call me sweetheart . 
 it makes me feel cherished . '' 
 `` elle , i do cherish you . 
 i care for you so much . 
 i hope you know that , '' i implore , staring straight in to his eyes . 
 `` i do , brax . 
 thank you for coming here last night and letting me take care of you , but right now i need to get you some coffee and breakfast and maybe help you into the shower '' she says , moving to her feet . 
 `` sounds good , babe . 
 sounds really good . '' 
 i lie back down and drift off again . 
 damn drugs . 
 i ca n't get over how terrible brax looks this morning . 
 he told me that the er doctor wanted to keep him in overnight , but he discharged himself against doctor 's advice and caught a cab straight to my place . 
 i 'm glad he did , but i ca n't help but feel horrible for him . 
 i offer him some tylenol , which he gladly takes , then make him a coffee and toast . 
 by the time i bring him some breakfast , he has fallen asleep again . 
 i sit next to him on the couch and gently stroke his head . 
 he turns his head into my hand , and i ca n't help but smile . 
 he seems to sense me , even in his sleep . 
 sitting here , looking at him , i realize that i 've been kidding myself about my feelings for brax . 
 i 'm in love with him . 
 i have been for a while now , and i ca n't imagine my life without him in it . 
 he has slowly inched his way in , fighting to push those firmly erected walls of mine down . 
 but in order for us to move forward , i need to tell him all about me , the real me . 
 he needs to know my good , my bad , and my downright ugly side . 
 only then will i be completely comfortable with him in my life . 
 i need to know that he 's not going to bolt when he realizes how screwed up my past is . 
 his reaction to my past will be the defining moment in our relationship . 
 it will determine whether the final wall can come crashing down or whether i 'm setting myself up to have my heart ripped out again . 
 i leave him to sleep and make myself busy around the apartment , cleaning up and doing some reading for school in my bedroom . 
 i hear him call out my name , and i rush to the living room to see him . 
 when i get there , i see that he 's managed to sit himself up and is at least looking a little bit better than he did last night . 
 he smiles at me and picks up his luke warm coffee , taking a sip , before moving on to his now cold breakfast . 
 i take a seat next to him , and he puts his good arm around me , pulling me into his side . 
 he gives me a small squeeze . 
 `` thank you , baby . 
 you 're the sexiest nurse i 've ever had '' he muses . 
 `` i 'm probably the only nurse you 've had looking after you like this , sexy or otherwise , '' i reply with a grin , bumping him with my shoulder . 
 oh my god , i just hurt his sore arm . 
 `` shit , i 'm so sorry , baby , '' i apologize , leaning over to kiss his arm . 
 `` see , all better , '' i say sweetly , looking back up at him through my lashes . 
 he looks at me with a smile on his face , quirking an eyebrow . 
 `` i suppose that will teach me for getting smart . '' 
 i ca n't stop the giggle that rises up . 
 `` you said you needed to talk to me last night . 
 what about ? '' 
 he asks , settling back into the couch and pulling me with him . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay to talk about stuff now ? 
 we can wait until you 're feeling better , '' i reply , second guessing my decision to tell him . 
 now that the moment is here , i 'm losing my confidence . 
 `` yeah , babe . 
 i 'm fine . 
 now what is it ? '' 
 he moves his hand into mine and starts stroking his thumb backwards and forwards over my hand in the way i love . 
 i feel empowered by his touch and decide it 's now or never . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` well , i 'm not sure where to start . 
 i 've told you that my parents and sister are gone . '' 
 i stare straight in his ice blue eyes . 
 `` yeah , '' he replies , his body not giving any reaction away yet . 
 `` what i did n't tell you is that three years ago , while i was away at camp , my family was murdered . '' 
 i pause , taking the opportunity to try and swallow down that familiar lump forming in my chest . 
 `` i did n't find out until the next day when the school principal and guidance counselor told me , '' i sneak a glimpse at his face , trying to see any reaction . 
 `` my god , elle . 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 i 'm so sorry that this happened to you , '' he says , pulling me into his chest again . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 it was a long time ago , but in order to deal with it i had shut myself off from the world . 
 i left for camp , leaving behind a family that loved me , and two days later a gunman snatched them away from me forever . 
 they did n't even have a chance , '' my voice wavers . 
 i feel brax stroking my hand again , like he is silently urging me to continue . 
 `` i 've often felt that i was the unlucky one to be left behind , that i should 've been home with my family and been taken with them . 
 but now that i 've met you , i feel like the lucky one . 
 i would n't have had the chance to meet you if i had been with them . '' 
 elle 's confession is crushing me . 
 she is such a beautiful person , inside and out . 
 i just ca n't imagine how she feels , hating herself because she is the one left behind . 
 `` babe , you are the most courageous woman i have ever met . 
 i ca n't imagine the pain you have been through , but i love that you feel lucky to have met me because i can tell you this , '' i pause , making sure my words sink in , `` my life was nothing until that moment i walked into that class and saw you . '' 
 a sob escapes her throat , and she leans forward to kiss me . 
 this time i do n't hold back . 
 i kiss her with everything i have , trying to prove to her with my actions that everything i said is true . 
 we pull away again and just look at each other . 
 `` there 's more , brax , '' she says . 
 `` for the last three years i 've been a shell , a numb vessel meandering through life . 
 i have n't wanted to feel anything . 
 i 've abused my body , let others use me , all in an effort to feel again . 
 the moment i met you , i felt a warmth like i have n't felt in a long time . 
 you 've made me feel something again , brax . 
 you 've made me feel alive again , and for that i will be eternally grateful . '' 
 her voice cracks on her last word . 
 `` the other thing i have n't told you is that my father was the owner of a very successful company that i now own a controlling stake in . 
 uncle harry , the man you met the other night , is the acting ceo right now and my father 's old business partner . '' 
 i raise my eyebrows at her . 
 `` he runs the company for you , then ? '' 
 i ask , knowing that he does , but unsure whether she knows what he has been up to lately . 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's okay , i suppose . 
 he was my father 's best friend and has known me all my life . 
 i went to live with him and his now ex-wife after it all happened . 
 he has always been around , so it was n't really a surprise that he called in to check up on me a few weeks ago . '' 
 i stare at her , thrown by that information . 
 i did n't know that she lived with brimstone before coming here . 
 i 'm slowly connecting the dots in my head , and i do n't like what i 'm discovering . 
 i need to find out more . 
 `` do you know why he came here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` he said he was in the area for business and wanted to check up on me . 
 but to be completely honest , i 'm sure the only reason he called in was because he wants to buy me out of the company and the only way that can happen is if i allow the takeover , '' she says , looking up at me waiting for my next question . 
 this is the exact reason why elle is under threat . 
 `` and do you want to do that , elle ? '' 
 i wait for her answer , hoping with all my might that she wo n't sell to that unscrupulous man . 
 we know brimstone is making moves against her , but we do n't know exactly what he 's planning . 
 whatever he does , i 'm going to make sure that we 're a step ahead . 
 i will not let him hurt her . 
 `` not really . 
 brightlight is my father 's baby . 
 he started it from scratch and uncle harry came on board after it was already successful . 
 he was n't there for the hard work and part of me thinks he just wants all the rewards , especially now that my father is not around . '' 
 i nod at her statement , relieved that she has n't made a decision yet . 
 `` you should also know that i own this apartment building . 
 it 's all mine , '' she says with a wry smile . 
 `` i figured it was better to buy somewhere for me to live while i was at school than rent and pay someone else 's mortgage . '' 
 now this is something i did n't know . 
 i 'm amazed . 
 she has a really good head on her shoulders for a nineteen year old . 
 `` wow , hon. that is fantastic . 
 but honestly , i would n't care if you were renting a cardboard box on the nearest street corner . 
 i 'd still be wanting to kiss you ... '' i lean in , giving her a deep kiss , full of meaning and suggestion . 
 `` and touch you ... '' i slowly move my hand down her cheek then move it down onto her now surging chest . 
 `` and nothing you can tell me would change the way i feel , '' i say , leaning in to kiss her again , this time with a little more force . 
 pure lust is rushing through my veins . 
 screw the pain . 
 i need to show her that nothing she has said has changed how i feel about her . 
 i feel free . 
 the heavy feeling i 've had for the past few weeks , hell for the past few years , has gone . 
 he did n't ask too many questions but asked the right ones when needed . 
 he has made me think about uncle harry 's offer and i 'm glad i was finally able to admit to myself that i do n't want to sell my shares to him . 
 i 'm proud of my father 's company and his achievements , and brightlight represents all of that to me . 
 looking at brax on the couch , i want to take care of him like he has taken care of me since the day we met . 
 there is still one thing that is bothering me . 
 `` do you need to go see the police about the mugging ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` nah , it was just some homeless guy who needed some food . 
 he probably wanted some money to buy a bottle or something . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 it 's only a few bruises and stuff '' . 
 in typical brax style , he 's trying to brush this off like it 's nothing . 
 `` brax , you have your arm in a sling which tells me you either hurt your arm or dislocated your shoulder-i 've noticed that you ca n't move that arm at all . 
 and , from the way you are breathing , i 'm thinking you have a couple of cracked ribs , too . 
 i 'm also betting you have a concussion with those stiches on the back of your head . 
 so please do n't tell me this is just nothing . 
 you 're worth more than that , '' i reply sternly . 
 `` now , i want you to lie down and rest . 
 watch some tv , maybe make out with me a little-if you must , '' i say with a smirk to rival his , `` and i 'll do my best to be the sexiest nurse you 've ever had . 
 i may even find a uniform for you . '' 
 with a wink , i walk out of the room and look back to see his mouth drop open at the thought . 
 good , that took his mind off everything . 
 now where do i find a nurse 's uniform ? 
 chapter nine i 've spent a couple of days at elle 's apartment being fed , watered and coddled over . 
 i 'm definitely starting to feel a lot better . 
 she has been so much more relaxed since she told me about her past ; we both have . 
 i do n't have to be wary of my reactions anymore , and she is n't tiptoeing around her past like it is a big secret . 
 she told me that she has never wanted to pour her heart out to anyone like that before , but she wanted to be totally honest with me . 
 she continues to amaze me with her strength and resilience . 
 opening up to me like she did has simply made me fall more deeply in love with her , and i 'm waiting for the right moment to tell her how i feel . 
 there are lots of things i ca n't tell her right now , but that is the one thing that i can control . 
 it 's been three days since the attack , and i 'm almost feeling normal again-apart from my shoulder and ribs , of course . 
 i 'm itching to catch up with shay so we can put our heads together and try and work out what the hell is really going on . 
 we 've been texting each other since the attack , but there has n't been the opportunity to talk about anything until now . 
 elle has a full day of classes today , so i made sure she was okay with shay coming over while she was at school . 
 of course she thought it was fine , but i felt better asking her since it is her apartment . 
 after making sure i was set for the day , elle leans down to kiss me goodbye . 
 never one to miss an opportunity , i grab her around the waist , pull her down on top of me and kiss the shit out of her . 
 when we 've had our fill i let her get up and watch her leave the apartment with the biggest smile on her face . 
 shay lets himself in about twenty minutes later . 
 as i walk back into the living room with two cups of coffee he curses , seeing the extent of my injuries for the first time . 
 `` shit , man . 
 they really did a number on you , '' he says , giving me the once over . 
 `` yeah , well you get that when it 's two on one and one gets you from the front while the other holds you back . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` but i did get a couple of good shots in first . '' 
 we both laugh at that . 
 shay and i have been fighting together for years and we know it is always good to land at least a couple of punches in before getting your ass handed to you . 
 `` so , what do you think about evans being involved ? 
 his appearance has all but confirmed everything now , '' shay says , glancing at my face and wincing . 
 it does look pretty horrendous . 
 i 'm amazed elle has been so okay with it . 
 `` i 'm thinking either gibbons or boss man is holding back on us , and brimstone is getting poised to strike , '' i think out loud . 
 shay nods in agreement . 
 `` yeah , but it still feels like we 're missing something . '' 
 `` i ca n't put my finger on it either , bro . 
 but when i do , we 'll be all over it , '' i muse , knowing that i 'll do whatever it takes to keep elle safe . 
 after a full day of classes , i ca n't wait to get home . 
 i 'm exhausted and just want to get home to brax and chill out . 
 i walk in the door and i 'm hit with the aroma of garlic and tomato . 
 looking towards the kitchen , i see brax standing at the stove , shirtless and cooking dinner . 
 putting my laptop bag down on the kitchen counter , i wrap my arms around him from behind , being careful of his injured arm . 
 `` hello , gorgeous . 
 how was your day ? '' 
 he asks , turning around in my arms . 
 `` it 's a lot better now i 'm here with you , '' i say as he kisses me , tugging at my bottom lip . 
 `` mmm hmm , '' he hums , shifting his good hand to cup my face while he continues to plunge my mouth with his tongue . 
 after what seems like an eternity we pull apart , grinning at each other . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear that , '' he says . 
 `` now you go have a long hot bath and by the time you 're finished , i 'll have dinner ready for us . '' 
 he kisses me again softly before tapping my butt as i turn to leave . 
 `` it smells great by the way , '' i state as i walk out of the room . 
 `` you do too . '' 
 i shut the bathroom door , a smile spreading across my face . 
 even after a long day at school , he still compliments me on how i smell . 
 i walk back into the kitchen after a long hot bath , wearing only a dressing gown . 
 brax looks me over and raises his eyebrow at me . 
 `` if you insist on wearing that for dinner , we 'll never eat , '' he says huskily , giving away the effect my near nakedness is having on him . 
 i giggle and give him a naughty grin . 
 `` maybe that 's what i had in mind , '' i reply with a wink . 
 he chokes on his beer , spluttering to catch his breath . 
 `` i see , '' he says , his voice dropping lower . 
 `` well we better start eating before i lose my appetite for food . '' 
 `` and if i 'm not hungry ? 
 for food , that is ... '' `` elle , sit down and eat , '' he growls . 
 we both sit down at the dining table and begin our meal . 
 just as brax is finishing his second helping of lasagna , he looks over at me and catches me staring at him . 
 i bite my lip , trying to quell the growing need that has me ready to forget about dinner completely . 
 `` i 've looked into what movies are on for us to watch tonight too . 
 i want to say thank you for caring for me over the last few days . 
 although , i 'm still waiting for the sexy nurse uniform , '' he says , breaking the spell and making me laugh . 
 `` brax , i wanted to look after you . 
 you were hurt , and i wanted to make you feel better , '' i explain , hoping he hears the sincerity in my voice . 
 he leans over the table and grabs my hand , stroking his thumb over my knuckles , knowing exactly what he is doing to me . 
 `` and i 'm eternally grateful for that , more than you could ever know . 
 maybe i could show you my gratitude in other ways ? '' 
 he asks with a grin which tells me he has already thought of a few . 
 i feel my cheeks get hot at his suggestion . 
 two can play this game . 
 `` maybe you could , '' i reply , calling his bluff . 
 his mouth drops open . 
 i 've surprised him with my inner vixen . 
 not waiting a minute longer , he stands and takes my hand as i lead him towards my bedroom . 
 having told brax all about my past , i 've decided it is time to take things with him to the next level . 
 we 've been doing a lot of touching and kissing , like we 're horny teenagers who ca n't get enough , but not once has he pressured me to take things further than i am ready for . 
 i know he must be frustrated as all hell , because god knows i am ! 
 when i got home and saw that he had made dinner for me and then his sincerity when he thanked me for looking after him ... well , the decision was set in stone . 
 once we i reach the bed i turn to face him , looking up at his beautiful face . 
 `` are you sure about this ? '' 
 he asks me , his eyes full of sincerity . 
 i place my hands on his hips and inch closer to him . 
 `` very sure , '' i reply as he moves his head down to kiss me . 
 i curl my hands up around his back , moving our bodies as close as i can without hurting him . 
 he gives a small laugh when we pull our lips apart . 
 `` you 're not gon na hurt me , elle . 
 do n't be scared . '' 
 i grin back at him . 
 `` i 'm not scared of this . 
 i 've never been more sure about anything in my whole life . '' 
 the look of adoration on his face melts my heart . 
 he gently traces his hand down my body , skimming my side before moving to loosen the tie of my robe . 
 my breathing picks up as he pulls the tie in one swift move , leaving the robe to fall open , baring my naked body beneath . 
 he looks down at me and back up to in my eyes . 
 `` beautiful , '' he whispers as his hand slowly delves inside the robe , fingers gently dragging against my skin , like he 's marking me . 
 he eases one side of the robe slowly over one shoulder and then the other until it pools at my feet . 
 i 'm now standing in front of him , completely naked , trembling with anticipation . 
 i go to help him with his clothes , but he shakes his head at me . 
 `` not yet , babe . 
 this is all about you , '' he says quietly as he moves to the skin behind my ear and gently kisses my neck , slowly moving down the line of my jaw until he reaches my mouth , dragging his tongue gently across my lips , encouraging them to open . 
 as soon as i do , he pulls me in tight against his body and runs his fingers through my hair , gripping it as he kisses me with fervor . 
 i move myself back onto the bed and lie down in front of him , lifting my arms above my head in a gesture of submission , showing him i 'm ready . 
 the sexiest groan i 've ever heard escapes his mouth as he kneels on the bed beside me . 
 he lightly runs his fingers up my leg , caressing my skin as he makes his way up my body , leaving a line of fire under his touch and i arch my back when his hand reaches my breast . 
 lying down beside me , he stares into my eyes and resumes his exploration of my body , bringing his mouth down to my skin to join his hand in his ministrations . 
 i ca n't hide my love for this man any longer . 
 as he continues to worship my body , i move my mouth to whisper in his ear . 
 `` i love you , brax . '' 
 he stills , pulling back his head to look down at me with those gorgeous blue eyes of his . 
 `` oh , elle . 
 i love you more than you could ever know . 
 now i want to show you . '' 
 i gasp as he moves his hand deeper between my legs , his palm rubbing against me as he claims my mouth . 
 the moment elle says she loves me , my heart explodes . 
 i have known for a while now that i was head over heels for her , but i did n't want to freak her out by telling her too quickly . 
 she 's come so far and i did n't want her retreating back into her shell . 
 i 've never been in love like this before and i wanted to be sure that we were in the right place before telling her . 
 my mouth is unrelenting as i move down her body , kissing and tasting every inch i can see . 
 i curse the fact i ca n't use both of my hands . 
 i wish i could use my whole body to show her my love and having the sling between us is frustrating as hell . 
 i position myself between her legs , alternating between touching and tasting her , i ca n't get enough of this . 
 when she finally lets herself go , she falls apart against my mouth . 
 i honestly ca n't think of a better moment in my entire life . 
 after catching her breath , she gets up and kneels beside me , pushing my good shoulder back onto the bed and forcing me to lie down while her hands move to my belt . 
 she gasps as she sees my obvious desire for her straining against my jeans . 
 carefully , she inches my pants and boxers down until they join her robe on the floor . 
 moving back up the bed , she straddles my thighs as she moves to my centre , proceeding to return the favor i 'd bestowed on her just moments before , using her hands and mouth to drive me crazy . 
 i feel myself getting close as she pulls away and moves higher up my body before raising her hips above mine , leaning forward to whisper against my lips , `` i love you brax , '' before pushing down and taking all of my length inside her . 
 those three words break the last ounce of control i am clinging to as she continues to kiss and explore and taste me . 
 she lifts her hips at an achingly slow pace , grinding against me , forcing a groan to escape my throat with every thrust . 
 she feels exquisite . 
 i 've never been with anybody that has felt as good as elle right now . 
 our bodies move together as we try to get as close as two people can get . 
 i hold my hand on her hip as she continues to move against me , quietly moaning at the sensation . 
 i start bucking up with her , forcing myself deeper . 
 i can feel her tighten around me as she approaches the edge of the cliff . 
 i prop myself up with my good arm , lifting my shoulders off the bed and forcing us both deeper still , kissing my way along her collar bone , towards her neck . 
 right now i do n't care about the pain in my shoulder and ribs . 
 being this close to her is worth all the pain in the world . 
 she increases her tempo , telling me she is getting close . 
 turning her head towards mine , she whispers against my lips , `` come with me , '' just as i feel the pulsations start to surround me . 
 that 's all it takes for me to follow her over , shouting out her name as i hold our bodies together . 
 we 're both breathing deeply as we come down from our mutual high . 
 in that moment , i realize that i may be in over my head , but know that i do n't ever want to be anywhere else . 
 2 months later it 's been four months since i started this job and came into elle 's life . 
 four months since i saw her photo and knew i had to have her . 
 it may have started off as a job , just another assignment from the big boss , but after being with her for the last four months the only thing i would change is not having to live a lie . 
 it 's my daily torment . 
 i 've talked with shay about how i feel about her and how its tearing me up inside having to deceive her but every time , after weighing up what i have to lose by telling her the truth , i always talk myself out of confessing everything to her . 
 i hold on to the hope that she will understand why i have to lie to her and will continue loving me regardless . 
 she has put so much trust in me and has been so honest . 
 i swear my heart breaks a little more each day , knowing the depths of my deception . 
 will she understand that i love her , despite the fact i was being paid to watch over her ? 
 will she believe in my love for her and forgive me ? 
 it 's the weekend after thanksgiving and we 're relaxing after a busy day of studying . 
 i 'm laying on the couch with elle on top of me while we watch a movie . 
 i feel her whole body jolt against mine , so i turn my head towards her , seeing those beautiful green eyes looking back at me . 
 ` babe , do you like being here with me ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` sweetheart , what kind of question is that ? 
 i love being here with you , always , '' i say with a smile , lifting my hands up to gently rub her shoulders . 
 she groans in delight as i press my fingers in big sweeping circles . 
 must remember that for later tonight . 
 `` i 'm glad because i was thinking today about how you spend most of your time here now ... '' she pauses , looking over at me to gauge my reaction . 
 `` elle , if you want some space you just have to tell me , darlin , '' i say . 
 `` no ! 
 no , brax , it 's not that . 
 i definitely do n't want space from you , '' she says , quietly panicking . 
 `` i was wondering if you wanted to move in with me ... here ? '' 
 i stop breathing . 
 i literally stop f ** king breathing . 
 it 's like the whole world is standing still , and i 'm the only one moving . 
 i reach over and pull her towards me , into my lap . 
 `` baby , i would love nothing more to move in with you , to take you to bed every night and wake up next to your beautiful face every morning . 
 knowing i would be coming home to you would be the highlight of my day , my month , my year . 
 i 'd love to move in with you . 
 hell , i 'd do it right now if i could , '' i say with a smile . 
 i cup her face with my hands and slowly start kissing her , savoring this significant moment between us . 
 i 'm choosing to ignore the nagging doubt at the back of my mind . 
 it 's like the devil on my shoulder , telling me to enjoy this moment because it 'll all come crashing down around me soon . 
 `` you 've made me so happy again , brax , '' she murmurs against my neck as she burrows into my chest . 
 `` that is my only purpose in life now , darlin ' . 
 making you as happy as you 've made me , '' i say , tightening my grip around her . 
 this moment is bitter sweet . 
 knowing that i 'm the one giving her a level of security she has n't experienced since her family 's deaths is phenomenal . 
 the level of trust she has given me is tremendous and i feel like i am deceiving her by living a lie , but she is better not knowing the truth . 
 there are family secrets that i 'm not sure she would ever be able to handle , things that would shatter her memories of her family forever . 
 deep down i 'm hoping that this job will end and i will be able to stay here with her , protecting her so that she never has to find out the truth . 
 i 'm so grateful to have her in my life . 
 if only i could guarantee that she 'll stay there . 
 chapter ten it 's been a month since brax moved in officially and we 're about to spend our first christmas together . 
 since none of us have any family to speak of , brax , shay and i have decided to have a quiet christmas at home . 
 i 've bought heaps of food and we 're planning to stay in , enjoy a few drinks and share a few presents , just the three of us . 
 living closely with a man for the first time in three years , there have been a few adjustments , but all in all it has been an easy transition . 
 because i own my apartment there is no rent to pay , so brax and i just split the utility and grocery bills . 
 brax built up a lot of savings before starting college , so he does n't need a job . 
 he just wants to focus on college . 
 none of that matters to me . 
 hell , i could pay for everything without even noticing it , but he wants to pay his way . 
 i 'm just happy that we 're living together because i 've never felt as content as i do right now . 
 shay comes over quite a lot . 
 he works security and often has jobs that go well into the night , which is why he mainly visits during the day when i 'm at school . 
 he 's a nice guy . 
 i like him , and i can see how close he and brax are . 
 it 's great to experience what true friendship can be like . 
 i have n't had something like that in a long time . 
 i had a lot of friends before my parents died , but none of them were very close and when i think about it , i 've never had a best friend . 
 just a lot of acquaintances , something that went hand in hand with being one of the rich popular kids in high school . 
 i wake up christmas morning in my favorite position , a mess of tangled limbs with elle . 
 it does n't matter how many times we move around during the night we always seem to wake up in this position , like we 're magnetized . 
 i pull her in tight against me and i hear a cute sigh come from her mouth . 
 she rolls over and looks at me . 
 `` morning , babe , '' she says huskily . 
 `` merry christmas , '' i whisper back . 
 `` our first christmas together and i have a surprise for you , '' i say with a huge ass smile on my face . 
 as soon as those words escape my mouth , she jumps up and straddles me , pushing me onto my back . 
 `` what is the surprise , brax ? '' 
 she asks , knowing exactly what her squirming in my lap is doing to me . 
 `` i 'm not telling just yet , '' i tease as she grinds her pelvis into mine , making me groan . 
 `` well then , it just means that i ca n't give you my morning surprise either , '' she states defiantly as she grounds down on me one more time before jumping off and starting to get off the bed . 
 i grab her around the waist before she can move off me and roll her over so that now i 'm the one on top . 
 `` and exactly what was your morning surprise , gorgeous ? '' 
 `` well , '' she says with her sexy grin that drives me insane , `` it may have involved this position you currently have me in , or the position i was in just before . '' 
 the look she is giving me drives me crazy with lust . 
 before i can offer her a smart ass reply , she attacks my mouth and we proceed to give each other ample surprises for the rest of the morning . 
 we finally get out of bed just before lunchtime because shay is due to arrive at any moment . 
 before he arrives , i give elle her christmas present . 
 i managed to find an old family photo that was taken about three months before the murders and had it put on canvas for the living room . 
 as soon as she rips the paper off , she bursts into tears . 
 i suddenly start worrying that i 've done the wrong thing , but when she jumps into my lap i realize how much she likes it . 
 `` oh , brax , i love it , '' she says in between kisses . 
 `` i 'm glad , baby . 
 you do n't need to hide them anymore '' i say , wrapping my arms around her and holding her close . 
 `` i love you so much . '' 
 her voice wavering as a single tear runs down her face . 
 `` hey , do n't cry sweetheart . 
 i did n't mean to upset you , '' i murmur into her shoulder , lightly kissing her neck . 
 `` i love it . 
 it 's so beautiful , '' she says , looking over at the canvas again . 
 `` time for your present , '' she announces as she hands me a small box with a bright red bow on top , with a proud grin on her face . 
 i unwrap the gift carefully and find a black velvet box inside . 
 inside is a titanium ring with a small emerald in one corner and a small sapphire in the other , very elegantly done , and still masculine . 
 i look at her with wide eyes . 
 `` the emerald represents me and my green eyes that you love so much . 
 the sapphire is for your blue eyes that warmed my soul from the very first time i saw you . '' 
 she leans in to kiss me again and i wrap my arms around her , nuzzling her neck . 
 `` thank you , elle . 
 i love it , '' i say , running my hands through her hair as i bring our lips together . 
 we get a bit distracted after that , giving each other a few more christmas surprises mainly of the horizontal variety . 
 i remember that i have one more gift i need to give elle . 
 i reach into my pocket and pull out a blue box , wrapped in a white ribbon . 
 she looks at me in shock as i grab her hand and turn it over , placing the box on her upturned palm . 
 i can tell from the look on her face that she recognizes the signature tiffany 's box . 
 she pulls the ribbon and opens the box , revealing a diamond pendant necklace inside . 
 leaning forward , i carefully pull the necklace out of the box and gently place it around her neck , securing the clasp before letting it lie against her skin . 
 `` it 's a platinum infinity pendant . 
 i bought it so that you never forget the endless love that i have for you . '' 
 hearing that , she pushes me down into the couch and attacking my mouth in a frenzied kiss , leaving us both reeling and gasping for breath . 
 of all the days for gibbons to get in contact with me , it has to be on christmas day . 
 i get a text message from him a couple of hours later , asking me to get to a secure line and call him . 
 having to think on my feet , i tell elle and shay that we need beer and that i 'm going to head down to the grocery store to grab some . 
 once i reached the street , i text shay to let him what 's going on in case he needs to cover for me if elle gets suspicious . 
 i find a payphone down the street from the grocery store and call gibbons as soon as i reach it , eager to find out what is so important that he had to disturb me on christmas day . 
 `` hey , gibbons , it 's b . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 i ask when he picks up the phone . 
 `` merry christmas , brax , '' he says flatly . 
 `` evans has been putting his nose where it is not wanted and boss man is getting antsy . 
 he thinks we should move elle to a safe house until we can work out what evans and brimstone are planning . '' 
 `` i ca n't do that to her , gibbs how would i explain that ? 
 it is n't going to happen , boss . 
 i do n't want her knowing , '' i explain , getting more and more annoyed at the responding silence on the phone line . 
 finally , he continues . 
 `` brax , we know you are involved with her-we 're not stupid . 
 but you need to understand that you are working for us and these people will stop at nothing to get what they want . 
 we know that if brimstone does n't get the answer he wants from elise , he 's going to find a way to make sure he does . '' 
 i sigh loudly . 
 `` look , elle has not told brimstone her decision yet . 
 she 's waiting until after the new year . 
 he has n't been around again since his last impromptu visit and i have n't seen or heard from evans since the little message he sent me in the alley . '' 
 i can tell by his silence that he has given up trying to persuade me . 
 i might have won this battle , but i 'm far from winning the war . 
 `` okay , brax , i 'll leave this one up to you . 
 just be alert and tell shay to keep an eye out for anything suspicious , and i mean anything , especially that black car . 
 the number plate you gave us from outside the apartment came up stolen , and the photo did n't bring up an id either , but that does n't mean it is not connected somehow . 
 just be aware , okay ? '' 
 `` yes , boss . 
 i 'm not willing to let anything happen to her . 
 i love her . '' 
 `` that has become glaringly obvious . 
 the boss is n't happy about it , but as he himself has said , you ca n't help who you fall in love with . 
 just do n't screw this up , okay ? '' 
 `` yes , boss , '' i reply with a smile on my face . 
 gibbons may seem tough , but he 's a softie at heart . 
 his wife gloria sees to that . 
 after hanging up , i go to the grocery store and grab some beer . 
 god knows i need one after that call . 
 i head home to elle and shay . 
 i 'll do anything to protect her , even if it costs me everything i 've known for the past four years . 
 while i 'm walking , i think about what gibbons said . 
 if evans is sticking his nose around and the boss is n't happy , what does that mean for us ? 
 evans is a creep , he 's got his fingers in so many illegal pies that i 'm surprised he has n't been burned yet . 
 i turn the corner into our street and notice the all too familiar tail lights of a black car driving away from me . 
 it has been a few weeks since our mystery man in the black honda has made an appearance , but seeing a similar black car in our street again puts me on edge . 
 who the hell is this man watching the apartment ? 
 what does he want and who the f ** k is he working for ? 
 i grab the number plate before the car disappears from sight , then head inside to enjoy the rest of the day . 
 chapter eleven since christmas day i 've noticed that brax has not been himself . 
 do n't get me wrong , he is still loving , affectionate and thoughtful but i can tell something is troubling him and i know it is nothing i 've done . 
 whatever the problem is , it is affecting his sleep . 
 the last few nights i 've woken up to find the bed empty beside me and when i 've gone looking for him , he 's always sitting in the loveseat by our front window , looking out into the night . 
 the rest of the time he seems distracted in his thoughts , like he 's trying to figure out some complicated situation in his head . 
 i 've asked him so many times if everything is okay , but he always shrugs it off and says he 's fine , telling me not to worry . 
 but i know that look , it 's the look i had for over three years . 
 he 's being haunted by something and i do n't know how to help him . 
 i want my happy go lucky brax back . 
 even after five months together , he can still make me burn with a simple look and the passion has not waned even slightly . 
 we still make love like we 're junkies to each other 's touch and i swear it keeps getting better every time . 
 but i am worried about him . 
 i know how toxic it can be to bottle everything up inside . 
 you do n't want to trouble anybody else with your feelings so you put the walls up around yourself , trying to protect yourself and keep everyone else out . 
 that used to be me , embracing the dark and blocking out the light . 
 i 'm starting to think that something happened on christmas day . 
 i 've tried thinking back to work out what it could be , but all i have is happy memories of a perfect day . 
 i thought that something might have happened when he went out to buy beer , but when i asked him he just shook his head and told me not to worry . 
 it 's new year 's day and i 've been woken up with a kiss and an orgasm-my new favorite way to wake up . 
 lying in bed afterwards , brax starts gently stroking my arm up and down . 
 i look over and see that he is staring at the ceiling in contemplation . 
 `` why do n't we go somewhere for the rest of our break ? '' 
 he asks absentmindedly . 
 i sit up and look down at him with a huge grin . 
 `` you mean a real holiday ? '' 
 pulling me back down onto his shoulder , he laughs at me . 
 `` yeah , darlin ' . 
 a real holiday . 
 i thought we could drive down to atlanta and i could show you where i grew up . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 it 's now impossible for me to hide my excitement . 
 `` yes ! 
 i 'd love that . 
 can we even meet some of your old friends ? '' 
 i 'm acting like a kid at christmas . 
 he 's letting me into his past . 
 maybe this trip might help him snap out of his bad mood from the past week . 
 he has n't stopped smiling at me since he made the suggestion . 
 `` i do n't know about my old friends , but we can certainly try . '' 
 `` well , i better get packing then , '' i say as i jump out of bed and bound into the bathroom . 
 just as i 'm about to step into the steaming hot shower , i feel brax 's arms wrap around my waist as he pulls his hard body against mine . 
 `` hello again , '' i say as i lean my head back onto his shoulder , leaving my neck wide open for him . 
 he does n't miss my invitation and slowly starts nipping and kissing around my neck and collarbone , a trick he has learned is a sure fire way to make me ravenous . 
 i move my hand behind my back and slowly start stroking his hard length . 
 an illicit groan escapes his lips as his nips my earlobe with his teeth . 
 `` you better not start something you 're not going to finish babe , '' he murmurs , his hand drifting down between my thighs as he starts to massage me . 
 i move my hips in time with his hand , matching his rhythm . 
 as things start heating up , i realize we should move this to the shower before we start devouring each other on the tile floor . 
 i pull my hand off him and turn around . 
 with a huge grin on my face , i pull him towards me while moving backwards into the shower , my eyes full of desire and intent . 
 once we get under the hot water , we lose all sense of control and start consuming each other with a renewed hunger . 
 you would n't have thought that we were doing the same thing only an hour ago , i ca n't get enough of this amazing man of mine . 
 i lap it up , deciding it 's time to give him a wakeup call of his own . 
 i drag my hands down through his hair and around his shoulders , lightly raking them down his chest as i lower myself onto my knees in front of him . 
 i see his whole body shudder at the realization of what i 'm about to do . 
 without breaking eye contact , i bring my hand up to guide him into my mouth , making sure i take my time and worship his body like he has done many times to me . 
 stroking and kissing , i know i 'm taking him right to the edge when his breathing picks up and his hand tightens its grip in my hair . 
 when it gets too much for him , he hooks his arms under mine and pulls me back up his body . 
 he turns my back to the shower wall and lifts me up , forcing me to wrap my legs around his waist to accommodate him . 
 without warning , he enters me in one long thrust , forcing a loud moan out of my throat as we slam hard up against the wall . 
 i revel in how good he feels inside me . 
 i tighten my legs around him and dig my heels into his ass to push him deeper inside me , marveling at the way he makes me feel . 
 i love it when we 're making love like this , it 's so raw and uninhibited . 
 as our hips continue to rock together , i feel my climax building and with one last thrust i 'm screaming out his name as i fall apart around him . 
 he follows me over the edge with a growl , murmuring loving endearments as we come back down to earth . 
 `` definitely a morning to remember now , babe , '' he says as he turns around , grabbing the soap and wash cloth and proceeding to wash every inch of my body . 
 after i return the favor , he leans over to turn the water off then carries me out of the shower , all with a huge smile on his face . 
 a good morning to remember indeed . 
 for days i 've been thinking about how i can get elle out of town for a while without making her suspicious . 
 she 's noticed that i 've been distracted because i have n't been able to hide it . 
 being so close to her and knowing that she is in danger is consuming me . 
 she 's tried everything to snap me out of it , but knowing that evans is poking his nose around because of me is too much to bear . 
 shay ran a trace on the black car i saw on christmas day and as expected , it was another stolen plate . 
 two black cars seen hanging around , our apartment , both with stolen number plates is no longer a coincidence . 
 it 's keeping me awake at night , too . 
 i 've even been getting up in the night to watch out the front window , looking for this stranger in the black car , or anything else out of place or anybody suspicious , but he has n't been back . 
 i 'm starting to wonder if he 's been called off . 
 in my sleepless haze i 've even started wondering if he is even here for elle ? 
 what if he 's here for me ? 
 for all we know , he could be on evans ' payroll . 
 it would kill me if anything happened to her because of me . 
 it would break me . 
 i know i would n't be able to come back from that . 
 this morning in bed i came up with a brilliant plan to surprise elle and get her out of town at the same time-a road trip to atlanta . 
 this means i 'll be able to tie up any loose ends down there and show her where i was born and raised at the same time . 
 just as i hoped , she is so excited and she ca n't get out of bed quick enough . 
 never one to let an opportunity go by , i follow her into the bathroom and proceed to show her exactly how happy she had made me . 
 watching her walk into the bathroom , naked as the day she was born and with a huge smile on her face , makes her damn near irresistible . 
 i still ca n't get over the change i 've seen in her since we first met . 
 she 's so much more alive now . 
 it 's like being with me was the fire she needed to be set alight , and god does she make me happy . 
 even the little things she does without thinking make me smile . 
 she has completely opened herself up to me , despite her painful past . 
 she has given herself to me completely and , irrespective of the reasons that brought us together , i feel like i was meant to be here with elle . 
 while elle is busy in the bedroom packing her bags , i call shay and give him a rundown of our plans . 
 `` do you think that 's a smart move , bro ? 
 going back home ? '' 
 he asks , sounding worried . 
 `` it 'll be fine , dude . 
 i 'll be with her the whole time and while i 'm down there , i 'll find a way to see the boss man to sort things out with him , too . 
 i need to find out exactly what is going on here because i think the danger is not just coming from brimstone and evans , and that scares the shit out of me '' i say quietly , hoping elle does n't overhear . 
 `` me too , b. i know something is not adding up , but i do n't want you to put yourself in any danger , either . 
 you sure you do n't want to go to canada instead ? '' 
 he adds , laughing at his own suggestion . 
 `` hell no , i want to show her my home town and the house where i grew up . 
 i want to show her what molded me , you know what i mean ? 
 she 's given me so much of herself , now i want to try and give her something back . '' 
 he 's silent for a moment . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 and i like you being with her , you 've never been so relaxed and happy . 
 the circumstances suck , but we 'll sort it out , we always do '' `` yeah , bro . 
 okay , well i want to do this right , so just to be safe can you jimmy the gps on my car ? 
 i do n't want gibbons tracking me this time , '' i ask , knowing that shay will have my back . 
 `` not a problem , i 'll pop over now . 
 give me half an hour '' he says . 
 `` and b ? 
 stay on your game . '' 
 `` will do . 
 i wo n't let anything happen to her , you know that . 
 i 'll keep in touch . 
 keep your ear to the ground and maybe find out a bit more about what 's going on . 
 just a hunch , but quietly look into how the boss man and brimstone know each other . 
 there may be a connection we do n't know about , '' i suggest before saying goodbye and hanging up . 
 shay is the only one i can trust with my suspicions . 
 elle walks in with a duffle bag of clothes , all packed and ready to go just as i end the call . 
 she looks relaxed and happy , the sparkle in her eye shining as bright as the sun . 
 i just hope that nothing i do will put it out . 
 `` hey , gorgeous . 
 let 's grab some breakfast before we head off , '' i suggest , knowing that we 've got at least half an hour to kill while shay knocks out my car 's gps . 
 `` good idea , '' she agrees , putting her bags down and turning towards the kitchen . 
 i follow her , hoping like hell i 'm doing the right thing with this road trip . 
 an hour later the car is packed and we 're heading south . 
 elle squealed when she saw my car . 
 i 've had it garaged since i 've been in town , borrowing shay 's toyota if i needed to drive anywhere , but there 's nothing like a road trip to bring a car out of its temporary retirement . 
 i 've had it for four years now , since my adoptive father roger died and left it to me . 
 it was his pride and joy . 
 he sanded her right back to steel and fixed her up from scratch . 
 it took him five years by the time he had finished but he was damn proud of her . 
 ` blue beauty ' is what he used to call her , and now she is all mine . 
 we head down the interstate towards pennsylvania , taking our time to enjoy the sights on the way since elle has never been on this side of the country before . 
 the scenery is beautiful . 
 every now and then i glance over , seeing her eyes wide open and taking everything in . 
 she looks so carefree and relaxed . 
 i 'm so glad i suggested this trip now , it seems like it is exactly what we needed . 
 knowing that it will soon be dark and that we still need to find a place to stay overnight , we stop at a rest stop for a bathroom break and i use the internet on my phone to find a nice hotel . 
 i make a reservation at one in harrisburg , right along the river . 
 i 've worked out that if we drive to virginia tomorrow then we should make atlanta the day after , all going well . 
 i see that i 've missed a call from gibbons . 
 i decide to give him a quick call while elle is in the bathroom . 
 `` hey , g , what 's up ? '' 
 i say when he answers . 
 `` brax , where are you ? 
 shay says you 've gone off duty for a few days . '' 
 he sounds pissed off . 
 `` i 'm okay , gibbs . 
 the job is still going as planned . 
 elle 's with me right now , as a matter of fact . 
 we 're just getting out of town for a few days . 
 it solves the problem of having to explain to her why we had to go to a safe house . '' 
 i hear him growl down the phone in frustration . 
 `` brax , this is taking it a bit far , do n't you think ? 
 i ca n't even track your gps right now . '' 
 that makes me smile because that 's exactly what i wanted . 
 it means shay must have worked his magic on the gps tracker . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 shay knows where i am and where i 'm going . 
 nothing to worry about . '' 
 `` do n't get smart , boy . 
 you work for us remember , not the other way around . 
 i do n't like you going rogue like this , '' he says angrily . 
 i scoff at him . 
 `` i 'm not going rogue , what the hell ? 
 just relax and i 'll be back online in a week . 
 elle is with me and she 's safe and that is all that matters , right ? '' 
 i state , knowing that it 's going to rile him up . 
 `` hmmm . 
 yes , just do n't get any funny ideas , brax . 
 we have to stick to the plan '' he reminds me . 
 `` if i remember correctly , the plan was to see if elle knew anything and see if she was in danger then pull out . 
 that is not going to happen now . '' 
 i spit out . 
 i see elle heading back towards the car and i know i have to end the call . 
 `` anyway , i have to go . '' 
 i hang up on him just as she opens the car door . 
 he 's going to be pissed at me for that , but i 'd rather have him annoyed than be forced to lie to elle any more that than i have to . 
 `` was that shay , babe ? '' 
 she asks , looking at me with those bright green eyes of hers . 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 he just wanted to see how far we 'd gone today . 
 he 's annoyed he could n't come along , but to be honest , '' i say , inching towards her , `` i 'm glad i have you all to myself . 
 my hot girl , in my hot car , it 's kinda hot , do n't you think ? '' 
 hearing brax say the word hot so many times in one sentence has my blood racing . 
 `` mmm hmm , '' i say , darting my tongue out to slowly lick my lips . 
 his gaze drops to my mouth and when he sees what i 'm doing , a small growl rumbles in his chest . 
 `` i see . 
 like that , is it ? '' 
 he whispers , moving in closer so that our lips are barely touching . 
 he mimics my action , licking his own lips while gently grazing mine . 
 it 's like the fire that we 've been stoking all afternoon has been well and truly lit . 
 suddenly his hand is around the back of my head and he is pulling me towards him , plundering my mouth the moment i open my lips in shock . 
 i grab his shirt , holding on for dear life as we struggle to control ourselves . 
 our tongues entwine as we pour all of the pent up sexual tension from the last few hours into this one kiss . 
 it 's hard , it 's raw , and totally uninhibited . 
 brax has to pull away first , resting his forehead against mine as we struggle to catch our breath . 
 i ca n't help but give him a sly grin-i 'm getting better as this little game of ours . 
 `` you , my little minx , are gon na be the death of me if you keep that up , '' he teases . 
 `` but if you can wait just another hour , you can have me as much as you 'd like . 
 it 'll just be in a nice clean hotel room , instead of being parked up at a highway rest stop . 
 we can even get room service , '' he says , giving me a cheeky wink before starting the car up . 
 the next hour ca n't go fast enough . 
 chapter twelve after a long night in harrisburg where i made true on my promise to finish what we started in the car , we wake up refreshed for a big day of driving ahead of us . 
 i 've decided to take a detour and take elle to charleston , south carolina . 
 it 's so beautiful there and knowing that she 's never been there before makes it ever better . 
 i love the idea of taking her to new places and being with her when she tries new things . 
 i want to help her start a new , happier life , and maybe help erase some of her painful past . 
 we 're heading towards richmond for our next overnight stop . 
 we 've got about 190 miles to travel today but we do n't have to rush . 
 i 've decided to let elle drive for a bit , if only so that i have the opportunity to tease and tempt her like she subjected me to yesterday when i drove . 
 all the little touches , flirty looks , and slight flashes of skin were driving me wild . 
 she 's turning into a little firecracker and i love her even more for it , so now it 's going to be my turn to return the favor . 
 here 's hoping she does n't crash my car ! 
 she jumps up and down when i ask her if she wants to drive my car today . 
 all day yesterday she kept asking and i just could n't do it . 
 this car is my other baby and i 'm rather protective of her , but i finally decide i want to share her with elle . 
 i can see how much she loves the car , almost as much as i do . 
 i want to show her how much i trust her , though it is nothing compared to the trust she has shown in me thus far . 
 it is tearing me up inside that i have to live a lie with her . 
 she is my life now and i have told her more than once that i ca n't live without her and to be honest , i do n't think either of us would ever be the same again if we had to be apart . 
 i ca n't live in a world where she is not in my life , it 's not even an option . 
 she told me that she does n't want to go back to how she was before we met , alone and shut off from the world . 
 she likes how alive and free she feels now that she 's with me . 
 sitting down in the driver 's seat , the smile on elle 's face is priceless . 
 she 's glowing , her smile big enough to light up the world . 
 she lets out a contented sigh when she turns the key and the car roars to life . 
 i hear her giggle when she revs the engine and i can help but grin at her . 
 she eases the car into gear and slowly pulls out of the hotel parking garage . 
 before too long , we 're on the highway heading south again . 
 by 2 p.m. we 're starving , so we follow some signs off the interstate to a roadside diner . 
 we park up and just stare at the decrepit building in front of us . 
 elle looks over at me . 
 `` you sure about this ? '' 
 she asks me anxiously . 
 `` not really , but there is n't much choice out here , '' i reply with a laugh . 
 `` it 'll be fine darlin ' . '' 
 i open my door and elle soon follows . 
 after locking up the car , we make our way inside . 
 it 's a typical roadside diner . 
 a faded pink neon ` open ' sign in the window , peeling red paint on the outside , and a front wall full of smeared windows and red leather booths that have seen better days . 
 as we walk inside , there is noticeable lack of heating , but the aroma of coffee and fried food permeates the air and we 're so hungry that we do n't care . 
 after taking our seats , we each order a turkey sandwich and a root beer from a waitress who does not seem happy to see us . 
 i look across the booth at elle . 
 `` so , what do you think of our road trip so far ? '' 
 `` it 's awesome , '' she says with a grin . 
 `` thank you so much for doing this . 
 i think it 's just what we need . '' 
 `` definitely . 
 what could be better than spending time with my girl and going back to my home town ? '' 
 i reply . 
 i 'm continuing to battle my conscience as i shift unevenly between guilt and relief . 
 guilt that i 'm still lying to her about how i came into her life and relief that she has no idea the danger she is in so can lead a relatively normal carefree life right now . 
 `` here you go , enjoy your meal , '' the waitress grunts , putting our food on the table before stomping off . 
 `` thanks , '' elle says , smiling at the waitress who just nods in response before turning back towards the kitchen . 
 `` cheerful folk round here , '' i muse , earning a giggle from elle . 
 i 'd gladly spend a lifetime making her giggle like that . 
 after a surprisingly good lunch at the diner , brax stands up from the booth , holding out his hand for mine before leading me towards the door and outside to the car . 
 i look around and spot a black honda parked over on the far side of the parking lot and feel myself tense up immediately . 
 i look up at brax and can tell that he 's seen the car too . 
 i remember a few months ago when i asked him about the black car hanging around my street . 
 i did n't tell him that i thought it was a rogue journalist because at that time , i still had n't told him about my parents or brightlight . 
 but now , considering we 're out in the middle of ` nowhereville ' virginia and nobody is supposed to know where we are except shay , i 'm officially spooked . 
 i feel brax 's hand move to the small of my back as he speeds up and directs me to the passenger side of the car . 
 `` get in the car and lock the doors , sweetheart , '' he says sternly , the look on his face telling me that now is not the time to argue . 
 `` okay , '' i say tentatively . 
 i 've never seen brax act like this . 
 it 's kinda hot , but scary too . 
 he has n't taken his eyes off the black car and not once has he turned his back to it . 
 he closes my door , waiting until he hears the locks click before heading in the direction of the honda . 
 he gets within thirty feet of the car before it revs up and takes off , leaving brax standing in a cloud of dust . 
 he tries to run after it , but has to turn back when the car disappears from sight . 
 as he walks back towards me , he pulls his phone out of his pocket and starts texting . 
 this whole situation is very strange to me . 
 when he gets back in the car i 'm going to find out what the hell is going on . 
 i unlock the doors when brax reaches the car and as soon as he hops in , i hound him . 
 `` what 's going on , brax ? 
 who was that ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , hon , i really do n't . 
 i 've seen a similar car hanging around a couple of times since i moved in . 
 have you seen it recently ? '' 
 looking at his face , i can tell he 's genuinely concerned about this . 
 `` remember i told you that there had been a black car hanging around a bit and i thought it was strange ? '' 
 `` yeah '' he says slowly , urging me to go on . 
 `` well , i 've noticed it a couple more times in the past few weeks and once on christmas day when you were out getting beer . '' 
 i wince as he suddenly hits the steering wheel with both hands in frustration . 
 `` shit , elle ! 
 you should 've told me . '' 
 why do i suddenly feel like i 've done something wrong ? 
 `` why , brax ? 
 why would i tell you ? 
 i do n't know who it is or what they want . 
 it could just be a huge coincidence , do n't you think ? 
 i mean , no one knows where we are , right ? '' 
 i 'm starting to panic now , i can feel that old lump in my throat returning and fear closing in around me . 
 brax can see on my face that i 'm losing it and puts his hand on my arm , keeping my gaze as he tries to calm me down `` hon , it 's okay , '' he says softly . 
 `` i 'm sorry i got angry , you 're right , this could just be a big coincidence . 
 but because of your money and your past , we can never be too careful . 
 i 've sent shay a text and asked him to get his security contacts to check the number plate . 
 he 'll let us know if we need to be worried , okay ? '' 
 he looks really worried about me now . 
 he pulls me in for a hug and i wrap my arms around him , moving as close as i can , which is rather difficult given we 're in a mustang with a stick shift in the way . 
 `` i 'll always look after you darlin ' , i 'll never let anyone hurt you , '' he murmurs in my ear . 
 what ? 
 why would anyone hurt me ? 
 the only person in the world that has the power to hurt me right now is brax . 
 this is all bit weird . 
 he 's just told me that he does n't know about this and i know he would n't hold out on me , i 'm sure he would n't . 
 `` i know you wo n't . 
 i just wish i knew what that man wants . '' 
 i 'm exasperated now and i wish this person would just leave us alone . 
 brax holding me has a calming effect . 
 once he 's assured that i 'm okay , brax starts the car and we start driving again . 
 after another couple of hours we finally reach richmond , virginia . 
 apart from the coldplay cd playing in the background , we 've both been quiet since we left the diner . 
 i 'm still reeling that we were followed from home and brax has gone back to being very distracted and contemplative . 
 `` i 've never been to richmond before , '' he says , breaking the silence . 
 `` me either , '' i reply . 
 he knows i 've never been to the east coast before . 
 `` i 'm glad i get to come here with you first , then , '' he says with a wink , slowing the car down before pulling over and parking . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 i look out the car window and see the most beautiful bed and breakfast i 've ever seen . 
 it 's a two-storied old house , painted a dark slate grey with the entire front full of windows . 
 it looks romantic and homely , exactly what you 'd imagine a traditional bandb to look like . 
 i turn around and grin at brax . 
 `` it 's perfect , '' i say excitedly , earning a huge smile from brax . 
 `` glad you like it , baby , now let me get our bags and we 'll get checked in . '' 
 he turns the car off and opens his door . 
 i 'm glad we 've finally stopped for the day . 
 as much as i love brax 's car , it is definitely nice to be able to walk around and stretch our legs . 
 i 've never been one for road trips . 
 until now , the longest road trip i ever had was with my parents and paige when i was thirteen and paige was eight . 
 mum and dad took us to the grand canyon-it took almost eight hours to get there , which we did all in one day . 
 it was our last family holiday together before they died . 
 i 'm hoping that this trip with brax will give me new holiday memories to replace the now painful ones from my past . 
 once we 're settled in our room , i head into the bathroom to have a shower before we head out and find somewhere to eat . 
 brax is lying on the bed , playing with his phone and i wonder if he has heard anything back from shay about that car . 
 it has been bothering me ever since we saw it and the fact that someone may have followed us is unsettling . 
 i 'll have to ask him after my shower . 
 i get a text from shay confirming what i suspect , the number plate for the car at the diner was another stolen plate . 
 i almost throw my phone against the wall when i read it . 
 brax : what should our next move be ? 
 this is too much of a coincidence . 
 shay : i 'm with ya there . 
 what do you want to do ? 
 brax : i 'm not sure , if he found us there he can find us anywhere on this trip . 
 i did n't even tell gibbons where i was going , and you 've blocked my gps . 
 shay : haha . 
 yup , he called me asking to look into it too . 
 i just gave him some bullshit about not being able to do anything without the tracking device in front of me . 
 he bought it , i think . 
 brax : good one . 
 he sounded a bit suspicious on the phone yesterday . 
 he does n't like not knowing where we are . 
 shay : he asked me and i plead the fifth . 
 he sounded pissed . 
 brax : any word on brimstone or evans ? 
 shay : actually , yeah . 
 brimstone is stuck in la and has n't moved for the last few weeks . 
 evans has been hanging around the new york area and the big boss man is still in atl but did fly out to new york last week for a quick day trip . 
 brax : any idea why ? 
 he does n't go to new york unless it 's for business . 
 shay : yeah , well without raising any eyebrows i do n't know how to find out . 
 brax : i ca n't see the boss and evans working together , evans hates us all . 
 shay : yeah , but stranger things have happened . 
 from what i know of evans , anything is possible . 
 elle comes out of the bathroom wearing nothing but a lacy pink bra and matching panties . 
 my breathing stops when i see her . 
 goddamn that is a fine sight to see ! 
 putting my phone down , i shuffle down the bed and move towards her , the smile on my face and the growing hardness in my pants giving away my intentions . 
 she giggles and tries to move past me to get to her bag , but i 'm too quick and grab her around her waist , bringing her square between my legs . 
 she leans into my arms , a soft moan escaping her lips as i touch my lips to hers . 
 she 's the perfect distraction to take my mind off of everything running through my head . 
 i turn her over and lay her on the bed beside me as she starts to pull my shirt up , slipping her warm hands underneath and causing a shiver to run straight through me . 
 she begins to drag her nails up my chest to my shoulders . 
 taking her lips again , i growl into her mouth as she digs her nails into my back and arches her body into mine . 
 wrapping her legs around mine , i slam my body down onto hers . 
 she moves her mouth down my jaw and over my neck , peppering my skin with soft kisses and nipping my skin . 
 she moves up and grazes the skin behind my ear with her teeth , knowing that it drives me crazy , then i hear her whisper the four words that always make me snap . 
 `` i need you , brax . '' 
 those four words are like an electric shock to my brain . 
 suddenly there are clothes flying off me and i rip open her robe as i start worshipping her body from head to toe , starting at her mouth and working my way down , nipping and sucking my way towards the place i really want to be . 
 as i lick and taste my way down her beautiful body , i hear her moan a sound that reverberates through my body , lust streaming through me , bringing us close to climax . 
 that is all the encouragement i need . 
 i lap at her , increasing my pace as i feel her legs tighten around my legs , cocooning me as she moans , telling me how close she is . 
 i speed up until i feel her body tighten around me like a vice , screaming out my name as she writhes around me . 
 when she finally relaxes i roll over and collapse beside her , gently stroking her stomach as she comes back down to earth . 
 `` i love it when you say my name like that , '' i say huskily . 
 without warning she rolls over on top of me , positioning her legs either side of my hips as she slowly inches her way down to take my deep inside her . 
 moving my hands to her hips , i look deep into her eyes and the look she gives me is all the encouragement i need and the fire in her eyes spurs me on as i push my hips up in rhythm with hers . 
 soon we are both in the moment , climaxing around each other , collapsing together . 
 she lies down on top of me , totally spent , as we enjoy blissful silence . 
 this is how making love is supposed to be , effortless and totally mind blowing . 
 elle rolls off me and snuggles into my side as she starts to doze off . 
 it has been a long day for both of us , but i know we have to get some food soon . 
 i ease my arm out from underneath her and put some clothes on before stepping outside the door . 
 i head downstairs and speak to the proprietor who recommends a local chinese takeout before stepping outside to call through our dinner order . 
 purely out of habit i scan the street for the black car , but i ca n't see anything untoward , until i look over to my car and see a white note stuck on the front window of the mustang . 
 i rush down the steps , two at a time , until i reach my car . 
 i grab the note with my heart pounding out of my chest . 
 this is not good . 
 i open it straight away , pulling out a page of lined paper that looks like it has been ripped out of a notebook of some kind . 
 i hold my breath as i unfold it , reading the words i never wanted to read . 
 ` you can run but you ca n't hide little one . 
 i will finish what i started ' . 
 chapter thirteen i wake up , after dozing for about half an hour , to an empty bed and brax nowhere to be found . 
 i start panicking and sit up quickly , taking a few deep breaths to calm myself down . 
 how stupid . 
 i know brax loves me . 
 i do n't know why i panicked , he said he would never leave me and i believe him . 
 there is actually no one else i trust more in my life . 
 i hear the door handle rattle and look up to see brax walking in with a couple of bags of takeout . 
 it smells so good and i realize that we have n't eaten since the diner . 
 looking at his face i can tell something is up , and just when i thought i 'd gotten rid of his bad mood . 
 i hope he 'll tell me about it after dinner . 
 with a huge smile on my face i get up and walk across the room to put a t shirt and my panties back on , purposefully bending over in front of him in the process . 
 i ca n't help but grin when i notice brax watching me with a hungry look on his face-and not for food . 
 he 's a typical male , this one . 
 i look up at him with a smirk . 
 `` enjoying the view , babe ? '' 
 he just stares at me with that sexy grin of his . 
 `` you are such a tease , you know that ? '' 
 he says , making me giggle as he puts the food down and rushes me , pushing me back onto the bed as he starts ravishing me . 
 whoa ! 
 note to self , definitely do that again . 
 he gets off the bed and pulls me up , giving me a kiss on the tip of my nose before pushing his forehead against mine , breathing me in . 
 `` if you 're going to do that , babe , can we at least eat first so i have the stamina to jump your bones again ? '' 
 he says , his voice laced with intent . 
 i ca n't help but laugh . 
 `` yeah , babe , we can eat first , '' i say with a wink . 
 he reaches round and gently taps me on my ass before sitting on the floor and setting out the chinese food he ordered for us . 
 `` eat , my love . '' 
 he hands over a plate of food over to me . 
 that feeling of warmth sweeps through me again . 
 god , i could get used to this . 
 i 'm putting on an act for elle . 
 i know it is n't right and it 's not fair to keep her in the dark , but that note has rattled me to the core . 
 the words keep running through my head . 
 i will finish what i started . 
 i do n't know what it is alluding to , although i have a horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach , but i refuse to acknowledge it . 
 it ca n't be that . 
 it has been too long . 
 it could be from evans , it definitely seems like his handy work . 
 i 've always had a suspicion that he is involved with the man in the car that is stalking us , but it does seem a little obvious for him . 
 he 's not one to be careless , he has always been so careful with everything he does . 
 it is how he has gone so long without being caught . 
 brimstone ? 
 always possible , but i do n't see him spending money on having us followed . 
 elle has n't even given him an answer about the takeover yet . 
 i ca n't get my head around it . 
 what have they started ? 
 what does he mean by finishing it ? 
 the more i think about it , the more i can feel a fist tightening around my heart . 
 i could n't bear it if something happened to elle . 
 for a moment i reconsider our trip to atlanta . 
 we 're almost halfway . 
 it would n't matter if we turned back now , surely . 
 i feel elle 's hand on my forearm , snapping me out of my swirling thoughts . 
 `` hey , babe , you look worried . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 she asks , a sad look marring her beautiful face . 
 `` sorry ... i was just thinking about seeing my house again . 
 it still has so many memories , '' i add , kicking myself for lying to her yet again . 
 she puts her food down and shuffles into my lap , wrapping her arms around my shoulders and kneading my neck with her fingers . 
 `` i understand , brax . 
 i never went back to my house after the murders . 
 i could n't face it , but you have so many great memories of your father , you just need to focus on those . 
 it helps get through the bad days . '' 
 i 'm amazed how the tables have turned and elle is comforting me . 
 damn , my girl is so strong . 
 she almost makes me feel weak . 
 i 've never met someone with the strength and resilience that she has . 
 she is so determined and independent . 
 she may have closed herself off before meeting me , but she is such a bright star now that she ca n't help but make everyone else around her shine . 
 in that moment , i make a decision about the note . 
 we 'll keep going to atlanta , but from now on elle will not leave my sight unless i know she is safe . 
 and since shay is n't anywhere nearby , that means we 're going to be attached at the hip . 
 when elle goes into the bathroom to clean up after dinner , i take a photo of the note with my phone and send it through to shay , telling him in a text message how i found it . 
 he rings me straight after receiving it . 
 `` dude , are you serious ? '' 
 he says as soon as i say hello . 
 `` serious as a heart attack , brother , '' i reply . 
 `` well , we ca n't get any prints off it now , can we ? '' 
 he says , sounding irritated . 
 `` sorry , but i was n't going to leave it there for elle to see . '' 
 `` yeah i realize that . 
 i 'll see what i can do when you get back . 
 any sign of who it was ? '' 
 `` nope , but i 'm thinking it 's our friend in the black honda from the diner . 
 god knows how he followed us , though , '' i add , racking my brain in an attempt to figure out how i how i did n't see him . 
 `` well , the plate came back stolen , from new york no less , so we still do n't know who this guy is . 
 are you guys going to head back now ? 
 i do n't like you going further away from where i can help you . '' 
 i laugh because he says exactly what i 've been thinking for the past hour . 
 this is exactly why we work so well together . 
 `` yeah i 'm definitely thinking about it , but i have to run it past elle first . '' 
 `` i know , bro . 
 let me know either way . 
 out ! '' 
 he says , ending the call . 
 dropping my phone onto the bed , i stand up and start pacing , running my hands through my hair in frustration . 
 what the hell am i going to do now ? 
 i look up to see elle come back into the room wearing a tank top and shorts , looking at me with a worried look on her face . 
 i hold my arms out to her and she walks straight into my arms . 
 i hold her close to me and stroke her hair while kissing her forehead . 
 she knows i 'm upset , but thankfully does n't ask why . 
 she just holds me and waits for me to pull away . 
 i do n't . 
 brax received a phone call from shay after dinner and it rattled him . 
 i was in the bathroom and could hear him talking , hearing him say `` bro '' and i knew it had to be shay . 
 i do n't think i 've ever seen him as unsettled as he is tonight . 
 he is fidgety and keeps pacing around the room , raking his fingers through his hair . 
 i want to ask what 's wrong , but i know he 'll tell me when he is ready . 
 well , i hope he will . 
 he holds his arms out to me and i instantly go to him , letting his arms surround me and hoping like hell that i 'm helping him somehow . 
 all of a sudden i feel his whole body jolt , like he has just come to some major realization . 
 `` hon , pack your bags , we 're heading out tonight . '' 
 i lean back and look up at him . 
 `` why ? 
 we 've just checked in and we 've had such a big day already , babe . 
 ca n't we just leave in the morning ? '' 
 i ask , hoping he 'll see reason . 
 `` i 'm too excited to just stay here . 
 let 's go , you can sleep in the car while i drive . 
 i 've got a pillow and blanket in the back so you can make yourself comfortable , '' he explains as he rushes around the bed , packing up all of our stuff . 
 `` brax ? '' 
 i 'm standing in the middle of the room , watching him run around like a headless chicken . 
 `` yeah , babe ? '' 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 i ask , my face giving away my concern . 
 he stops and looks at me from across the bed , sighing loudly and running one of his hands through his hair again . 
 i know the signs now . 
 he 's troubled and he 's thinking about how to tell me . 
 `` i saw another black car when i was getting the takeout . 
 i 'm kind of worried about it now , especially after you told me that you 'd seen it a few times around our building . 
 shay said the number plate from the diner was a stolen new york plate . 
 i 'm sorry , sweetheart . 
 i just do n't know what to do anymore . 
 i think we need to either keep moving towards atlanta or head home , but we ca n't stay here tonight . 
 i also do n't want to ruin this holiday for you . 
 i 'm so sorry , '' he says , sounding exasperated . 
 he sits down on the side of the bed , putting his head in his hands . 
 i walk over and kneel in front of him on the floor . 
 i can see how torn up he is about this . 
 i pull his hands away from his face and using my hand to lift his gaze to mine . 
 his eyes are wet with unshed tears , making them look like the bluest ocean . 
 i swallow down the lump in my throat which threatens to spill out . 
 i ca n't cry . 
 brax needs me to be strong . 
 he 's been so strong for me , now i need to return the favor . 
 `` babe , whatever you think is the right thing to do , we 'll do it . 
 as long as i have you , i do n't care where we go or what we do . 
 you 're all i need . '' 
 i whisper the last bit , a lone tear rolling down my cheek . 
 he leads forward and kisses the tear away ; i almost melt on the spot . 
 `` right . 
 okay , '' he says , rising to his feet . 
 it seems like my little pep talk has worked wonders . 
 `` i think we need to head home , at least then we can try and figure this out . '' 
 i nod my head and kiss him hard on his closed mouth before pulling away . 
 he smiles back at me . 
 `` what was that for , sweetheart ? '' 
 `` just for being you . 
 i know you 'd never let anything happen to me , '' i reply . 
 `` not on my life , baby . '' 
 we check out of the bandb and fill up with gas before heading back home . 
 i send shay a text while elle is inside paying the attendant . 
 brax : heading home . 
 leaving richmond now . 
 shay : best thing i 've heard all day . 
 see you tomorrow . 
 brax : roger that . 
 we drive all through the night and we arrive home around 5 a.m. . 
 we park up in elle 's parking space under the building and grab our bags to head inside . 
 when we reach the top flight of stairs leading to our apartment , i see the front door slightly ajar . 
 i quickly put my arm out in front of elle to stop her from getting any closer . 
 `` wait here , hon. i need to make sure it is safe , '' i whisper in her ear . 
 she pulls me back to her , glaring at me like i 'm a maniac . 
 `` we should call the cops , '' she whispers . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 just do n't move unless i tell you to , okay ? '' 
 i plead , looking at her scared face . 
 `` be careful , '' i hear her say as she leans in and kisses my cheek . 
 damn , she 's sweet . 
 scared as hell and still thinking of my safety . 
 i walk forward , silently kicking myself that i 'm unarmed right now but it 's impossible to wear a piece when elle 's around . 
 that would definitely make her suspicious . 
 i reach the door and listen for any movement inside . 
 when i do n't hear anything , i slowly push the door open and quietly step inside . 
 looking around our living room i ca n't see anything out of place , except for a six foot blonde guy i know oh so well , sound asleep on the couch . 
 damn , shay ! 
 almost gave me a freaking heart attack . 
 i go back into the lobby to let elle know it 's okay to come in . 
 she starts giggling when she sees shay hanging off our couch and she makes me start laughing , too . 
 he has a line of drool coming from his mouth ; he is so getting shit for that when he wakes up . 
 after locking the front door , we take our bags in to our bedroom and collapse on the bed . 
 i 'm going to kick shay 's ass when we wake up . 
 we get out of bed around 11 a.m. and find shay sitting on the couch , eating some toast . 
 `` make yourself at home , man , '' i mutter , making my way towards the coffeemaker . 
 he looks at me and grins . 
 `` you always were a grumpy shit in the mornings , even in the army , '' he adds , laughing at his own joke . 
 `` bet you wondered why the door was open , brother . '' 
 `` ha , ha . 
 yeah , real funny , bro . 
 what the hell ? '' 
 i reply , glaring at him . 
 elle steps in , pretending to referee . 
 `` c'mon , boys . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 we both look at her and crack up laughing , which makes her giggle . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 she says , trying to keep a straight face . 
 `` you are , darlin , '' i say , giving her a quick peck on the head when i walk past . 
 `` anyway , enough of your squabbling . 
 i 'm going to have a shower , '' she adds , giving me a kiss and a sneaky ass grope before walking off towards the bathroom . 
 `` need any help ? '' 
 i murmur as she leaves . 
 she responds with a wink and walks off with an extra swing of her hips . 
 damn , now all i can think about is shower sex with elle . 
 shit ! 
 after hearing the water go on in the bathroom and willing my body back under control , shay and i go straight into business talk . 
 `` here 's the note . '' 
 i pull the note from richmond out of my pocket . 
 thankfully elle is still unaware of its existence . 
 `` i 'm really worried about this , '' i say as shay looks it over . 
 `` this ai n't good , b . 
 this seems personal , not about the business at all . 
 i 'm thinking we need to put the heat on brimstone . 
 he 's the original threat so we have to assume he 's behind this , that 's what our intel suggests , anyway , '' he says , matter-of-factly . 
 `` or he could be getting evans to do his dirty work which would also fit , but why would he send someone all the way to richmond ? '' 
 i muse , thinking out loud like shay and i always do . 
 it 's just normally we 're not in the same house as the target . 
 i walk into the kitchen after my shower , wearing a pair of yoga pants and one of brax 's t-shirts . 
 i love the fact that i have free reign over his shirts now that he 's living with me . 
 walking through the living room i head for the door , telling the boys that i 'm just going to check the mail as i walk past . 
 they nod and continue talking about some football game that 's coming up . 
 reaching the bottom floor of my building , i grab my key and unlock my mailbox . 
 i look out the front doors out of habit and sure enough , a few spaces down is the same black car from the diner in virginia . 
 it has even got a smattering of dust around the underside of the doors . 
 having a minor lapse of judgment , i head out the glass front doors towards him . 
 i 'm sick of this guy following us everywhere . 
 i want to do something to finish this once and for all . 
 i start striding towards his car , my mail still tightly clutched in my hand . 
 i try to get a good look at him . 
 he 's a pale , measly looking guy with white blonde hair and wide blue eyes that watch me as i get closer to him . 
 the look on his face is really unnerving , like he is staring straight through me . 
 he looks creepy , but i 'm so angry at him that i 'm not scared at all . 
 he definitely does n't look like a photographer or journalist , but these days you can never tell because there are freelancers everywhere . 
 for all i know , they could be getting ready to publish a story about the reclusive heiress and her new live-in lover . 
 it would not surprise me one bit . 
 i start to lose my nerve the closer i get to his car , he is rather disturbing up close . 
 he has the weirdest look on his face-cold and hateful . 
 he 's looking at me like i 'm nothing . 
 i stop just as i 'm about to reach the front of the car , suddenly feeling a chill run through my body when i see the evil smile growing on his face . 
 i 'm definitely starting to second guess my decision to confront this strange man now . 
 god , i wish brax was here . 
 without warning , he starts the car up and pulls out , squealing his tires as he speeds away . 
 i hear footsteps running on the pavement behind me , and i get a fright when brax wraps his arm around my waist and pulls me backwards into his chest . 
 `` what the hell , elle ? '' 
 he shouts breathlessly . 
 `` what do you think you were doing ? 
 that man could be dangerous . 
 he could 've kidnapped you , or worse ! '' 
 he continues to yell at me and i ca n't hold in the whimper that escapes my mouth . 
 he 's never yelled at me before and on top of everything else that 's happened , it 's just too much . 
 i spin around and bury my face into his chest , sobbing uncontrollably . 
 `` i. . . 
 i just wanted to scare him off . 
 i thought he was just a low-life paparazzi looking for another story about me . '' 
 as i sob , brax cups my chin and lifts my eyes up to meet his . 
 `` elle , we do n't know who he is or who he 's working for . 
 i did n't know where you were and when you took so long , i raced downstairs . 
 sweetheart , you nearly gave me a heart attack when i saw you standing next to his car . '' 
 he runs his hand up and down my back in long soothing strokes , trying to calm me down . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't think . 
 i 'm just sick of seeing him everywhere , i 'm sick of being watched ! '' 
 i say vehemently . 
 why did i do something so stupid ? 
 `` it 's okay , sweetheart . 
 you 're fine . 
 i would n't let anything happen to you . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 he says deadpan . 
 `` y-y-y-yeah , i do , '' i splutter as i snuggle right in close to him . 
 `` i feel safe with you , '' i murmur as he picks me up , carrying me back into our building . 
 the boss man called me into a meeting an hour ago . 
 he feels that something is amiss with miss halliwell and is starting to think that brax and shay are n't focused on the job . 
 he wants me to check up on them . 
 i call shay , who thankfully answers straight away . 
 `` yo , gibbs . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` shay , you guys need to sort your shit out . 
 we need new information . 
 the boss man is turning into an even grumpier ass ** le than normal and i need something new to give him , '' i say sternly , making sure shay knows i mean business . 
 `` yeah , man , we 're on it , '' he says . 
 `` brax and i were talking about it earlier . 
 we think that evans has been hired to do brimstone 's dirty work and has hired a lackey to follow elle around . 
 brax and elle got back this morning and have been lying low , but elle almost had a confrontation with this guy because he was sitting outside her building in his car again . '' 
 `` what the f ** k , shay ! 
 that is inexcusable . 
 she has to be covered at all times ! 
 what if she 'd been taken , then where would we be ? 
 you know she is worth a hell of a lot of money and it is our job to keep her safe and well until the boss man calls time . 
 that includes keeping her the hell away from evans ! '' 
 i 'm yelling down the phone at him now . 
 bloody amateur . 
 `` yep , boss , i hear ya . 
 we 're doing our best . 
 this time she kind of got away from us , but it wo n't happen again , sir , '' he says , actually sounding worried at what we might do . 
 `` okay , well consider this a warning , shay . 
 eyes on the prize and all that . 
 ask brax to find out when she is giving brimstone her answer about the buy-out , too . 
 that is when the shit 's going to hit the fan and we need to be prepared for it . '' 
 `` yes , boss , i 'm on it . 
 till next time , '' he says . 
 cheeky shit . 
 `` freakin ' smartass , '' i mutter to myself , hanging up the phone . 
 i hear the boss walk up behind me at my desk . 
 `` everything under control , gibbons ? '' 
 he bellows in his low voice . 
 that voice still gives me the chills and i 've been working for him for over ten years now . 
 `` yes , sir , all sorted out . 
 should n't be long now , '' i add . 
 `` good , i 'm looking forward to taking that ass ** le down , '' he says , turning and stalking out the door . 
 `` phew , '' i sigh . 
 those boys better come through for me . 
 or else we could all end up going down . 
 chapter fourteen i 'm alone . 
 i 'm in a dark room , everything is black around me . 
 `` elle . '' 
 i can hear him , but ca n't see him . 
 i feel myself start to shake as the man with white blonde hair suddenly starts edging closer to me . 
 his face contorts with a cruel smile and i see him holding a silver handgun that he 's pointing straight at my heart . 
 he 's the guy from the black car . 
 i try to scream , but no sound comes out . 
 `` no one is going to save you , elise . 
 you will be all by yourself . 
 alone , just how you like it . '' 
 the man starts laughing maniacally . 
 throwing his head back , howling with laughter at my predicament . 
 he is pure evil . 
 `` elle . '' 
 i hear brax again . 
 `` no , brax . 
 do n't come in here ! '' 
 i yell back at him . 
 i can hear the man 's crazy laughter all around me as he continues to advance on me . 
 i thrash back and forth , trying to move out of the chair , but i ca n't . 
 it 's like i 'm paralyzed . 
 i feel myself being shaken . 
 `` elle ! '' 
 brax is still calling me . 
 `` no , brax , no ! '' 
 i shout back at him . 
 `` it 's not safe ! '' 
 `` elise ! '' 
 brax says again . 
 suddenly i open my eyes and i 'm back in my bed , chest heaving as i try to catch my breath . 
 holy shit ! 
 it was just a nightmare . 
 it seemed so real , like i was really there with that horrible man getting ready to kill me . 
 i look over at brax . 
 he looks terrified , but i ca n't talk . 
 i just lie there as brax looks down at me . 
 i 'm trying to recover my thoughts . 
 i was thrashing around and i could even smell him the closer he got to me . 
 i could have sworn it was real . 
 i look up at brax with wide tear-stained eyes , seeing how freaked out he is . 
 i 've never had a nightmare when he 's been sleeping next to me . 
 i can just imagine what he must think . 
 i roll over into his arms . 
 `` just hold me , babe , i. . . 
 i need you to hold me , '' i spit out before collapsing in tears on his shoulder . 
 `` shh , hon. i 'm here , '' he says , rubbing my naked back from the dip in my spine all the way up to my neck then slowly returning back down the same path . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere , '' he whispers as i continue to sob quietly into his side . 
 after ten minutes in his arms , my breathing has almost returned back to normal and my body has stopped shaking . 
 brax looks over at me as we lie in each other 's arms , lying side by side now . 
 `` hon , you have to tell me what is going on ? 
 you have n't ever had a nightmare when i 've been here . 
 what has got you so scared ? '' 
 he asks , pulling his eyebrows together in pain . 
 `` i think it was just all the drama with that guy yesterday . 
 he seriously creeped me out when he was looking at me-he just kept staring . 
 it must have stirred them up again , '' i say , my voice breaking . 
 he moves both of his hands up to cup to face , making sure to look me straight in the eyes with those stunning baby blues of his that i ca n't get enough of . 
 `` i 'm going to deal with it , okay ? 
 you can go to class today and not worry about it . 
 shay and i are going take care of it . 
 i want you to feel safe , baby . 
 i want you to feel safe with me , '' he tells me , never once looking away . 
 `` i 'll try not to , '' i say , burying myself back down into his chest . 
 i ca n't help this horrible feeling in the bottom of my stomach . 
 it 's telling me that something bad is going to happen , all over again . 
 elle freaked the hell out of me this morning . 
 i 've never been with her when she has had one of her nightmares . 
 i remember how scared she was when she had one shortly after i 'd first met her and she called me over at 2 a.m. to stay with her . 
 but the one this morning was worse . 
 she was thrashing around the bed , writhing like she was in pain and kept yelling out my name , telling me to stay where i was . 
 i tried waking her up to snap her out of it , but nothing worked . 
 in the end i had to yell her name to wake her up . 
 when she did , she just kept staring at me , her green eyes wide with fear . 
 my heart constricted , i could n't deal with her being so scared and having no control over it . 
 i ca n't stop nightmares . 
 i thought my presence was enough to keep them at bay , but something has made them come back . 
 we lie in bed holding each other , both of us focusing on slowing down our breathing . 
 i can tell she is replaying the dream in her head and i ca n't help but worry about what my life would be like without elle in it . 
 as soon as elle leaves for school , i ring shay and ask him to come over . 
 i told elle i was n't going to class today because i needed to catch up on sleep and thankfully she did n't call me out on it . 
 shay arrives twenty minutes later bearing coffee . 
 `` no sign of the car this morning , '' he tells me , taking a seat in one-seater chair . 
 i breathe a sigh of relief , maybe she did frighten him by confronting him . 
 i stand up and start pacing . 
 `` shay , we need to put pressure on evans . 
 he needs to know we wo n't take his shit . '' 
 `` dude , you think it 's a good idea poking the snake ? 
 he 's got a rather nasty bite if you remember , '' he says , making me wince . 
 i remember exactly how bad he can get . 
 `` yeah , i remember . 
 i was the one with a dislocated shoulder and broken ribs remember '' i remind him . 
 he nods in agreement with me . 
 `` i want to call him out . 
 if that black car is connected to him , we can make him stop . 
 elle had a horrible nightmare this morning . 
 she was so terrified , man . 
 it shocked the hell out of me , '' i explain to him . 
 he knows i do n't deal with emotions like that very well . 
 i went through the same thing when roger was dying . 
 `` yeah , i can imagine . 
 i know how bad it was when your dad was sick . 
 hey , totally off topic , but i 'm having a party tomorrow night at stages bar for my birthday . 
 you and elle going to come ? '' 
 he asks . 
 shit . 
 i totally forgot about his birthday tomorrow . 
 `` for sure , man . 
 would n't want to miss you getting another year older than me now , would i ? '' 
 i answer , grinning at my smart ass retort . 
 `` shut up . 
 you 're only slightly younger and you look older than me anyway , '' he ribs , laughing back at me . 
 `` whatever you say , old man . '' 
 elle comes home around lunch time and i 'm relieved to see that she 's back to her happy , smiley self . 
 the cloud of sadness caused by her nightmare seems to have lifted for now . 
 her smile gets bigger when she sees me in the kitchen and , without any warning , she runs towards me and jumps up into my arms , wrapping her legs around my waist in one smooth movement as i move quickly to catch her . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 i say as i manage to hold on to her as she plunges her tongue into my mouth . 
 these are the kind of attacks i can handle , gladly . 
 after devouring each other , she pulls her head back and just stares at me with a huge grin on her face . 
 `` baby , i 'm not complaining , but what was that for ? '' 
 i ask , trying to catch my breath . 
 `` just because , '' she replies with a shoulder shrug and a huge smile . 
 `` just because , huh ? '' 
 i say , slowly moving my mouth back towards her lips . 
 `` because you 're sexy as hell and i ca n't keep my hands off you ... '' she says seductively as i touch her lips with the tip of my tongue and trace the edge of them , forcing a moan to escape from her throat . 
 `` mmm , hmm ... . '' 
 she murmurs as i ever so slowly inch my tongue into her mouth to seek out hers . 
 i pull her bottom lip into my mouth , gently grazing it with my teeth . 
 argh , now i 'm teasing both of us . 
 i set her down , slowly rubbing her body down mine , smirking at her when she moans in frustration . 
 `` i think we 'll have to pick this up again later , '' i say as i look at her ` come to bed ' eyes . 
 `` i have to pop out after lunch and i need to be on my game , not all sexed up and distracted by your sexy ass , '' i reply , slowly moving my hand from her waist and around to her rear , `` or your gorgeous br ** sts i enjoy tasting so much , '' i continue , gently caressing her hips and stomach and inching up to her br ** sts , cupping each of them and gently rubbing my thumbs over her no doubt tingling ni ** les . 
 `` and most of all , i ca n't be thinking about how good it feels to deep inside you when you scream my name . '' 
 i lean forward , whispering in her ear as i move my hips close and purposefully grind into her , making sure she feels every solid inch of how much i want her . 
 i hear her groan into my chest , unable to control the frustration i 've just fueled . 
 she 's not the only one finding this hard . 
 i 'm trying to resist the urge to grab her and take her right here on the kitchen floor . 
 pushing away from her , i go stand at the other end of the kitchen . 
 `` i think it 's a lot safer if i stand over here , you little minx , '' i say with a laugh . 
 `` i think you might be right . 
 i might just have to take care of myself while you 're gone , '' she adds with a wink . 
 damn , this girl is going to be the death of me . 
 i suddenly remember about shay 's party . 
 `` by the way , shay is having drinks for his birthday tomorrow night and wants us to go , are you keen ? '' 
 i ask , slipping my sneakers on by the front door . 
 `` yeah , of course . '' 
 `` great . 
 i should be back in a few hours , sweetheart , so why do n't you relax and think about how i 'm going to make you scream my name when i return . '' 
 i try hard to keep the smirk off my face but fail . 
 she growls and throws a dish towel at me . 
 i love how fiery she is now . 
 she was sexy as hell when i met her , but with some spark she 's downright irresistible . 
 damn , that man of mine is frustrating . 
 getting me all worked up and raring to go , just to leave me high and dry before going out for the afternoon . 
 the least he could have done was give me a happy ending . 
 he did redeem himself slightly by promising to finish what he started when he gets home , though . 
 now i 'm stressed because i have to find something to wear to shay 's party tomorrow night . 
 i want to find something extra sexy and enticing so that i can get brax as frustrated as i am right now . 
 that 'll serve him right for leaving me all hot and bothered . 
 i open my wardrobe to look for anything that fits the bill and as i suspected , nothing quite suits the look i 'm going for . 
 i look in the mirror and decide that the only solution is to go shopping and buy a new outfit . 
 i text shay for help . 
 elle : shay . 
 i need you . 
 instead of texting back , he rings me straight back , sounding all flustered . 
 it 's really unlike him . 
 normally he is a smart ass from the get go . 
 `` what 's up , elle ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 he says quickly . 
 `` nothing , shay . 
 everything 's fine . 
 i just need your help with something for brax . 
 do you have time to come out with me for an hour or so ? '' 
 `` damn , girl . 
 you had me worried , '' he replies , letting out a big breath of relief . 
 why would he be worried about me needing him ? 
 weird . 
 `` i need something to wear to your birthday drinks tomorrow night . 
 i want to knock brax 's socks off , literally . 
 i figured you could help , '' i add . 
 `` uh yeah . 
 i mean , i suppose , '' he stutters , suddenly sounding nervous . 
 `` look , it 's no big deal if you ca n't . 
 i just need to get him back for something and i need to look hot to do it , '' i try explaining to him , wondering if this is a bad idea after all . 
 `` nah , that 's cool . 
 i 'll pick you up in about half an hour . 
 sound good ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` cool , see you then , '' i say , hanging up the phone . 
 i jump in the shower to get ready for my shopping trip with shay . 
 i plan to meet up with evans this afternoon , alone . 
 shay knows where i am and was meant to be my backup , but he just sent me a message saying elle wants to go shopping with him . 
 brax : really ? 
 what 's up with that ? 
 shay : she said she 's wants to get you back for something and thinks i can help . 
 brax : lol . 
 now i know what she is up to . 
 just left her at home rather frustrated so she 's planning her revenge . 
 all good , bro . 
 just make sure she buys something sexy . 
 shay : um i do n't think your idea of sexy is the same as mine , lol . 
 brax : i know it 's not , no sleazy outfits ! 
 shay : you disappoint me , b. do n't worry , i 've got your back . 
 i crack up laughing . 
 i hope elle does n't agree with shay 's idea of hot . 
 the best way to describe it would be hooker chic . 
 i drive towards the meeting place i 've arranged with evans . 
 i told him to meet me alone , but i know that he always has his goons surrounding him . 
 i just want to get to the bottom of this thing . 
 i need to find out whether evans and brimstone are working together and if the guy who has been stalking us is connected to him . 
 pulling my car up beside the squalid warehouse where i was told to meet him , i feel exposed . 
 it was stupid agreeing to come here alone , but i know shay is tracking my gps and gibbons knows where i am as well , so all my bases are covered . 
 i park my car in a parking lot opposite the building and wait for further instruction from evans . 
 while i 'm waiting , i receive a text message from elle . 
 i open it up and soon see a photo of elle wearing the hottest corset top i 've ever seen , stopping me in my tracks . 
 one photo and i 'm instantly turned on-that is what she does to me . 
 damn , i 'm a lucky man . 
 i text her back to let her know that . 
 brax : damn , woman , what are you trying to do to me ? 
 elle : just reminding you what you left behind at home this afternoon . 
 brax : believe me , babe , i 'm painfully aware of what i walked away from . 
 elle : are you sure about that , baby ? 
 maybe i need to show you ... brax : grrrr , you are such a tease . 
 i 'm definitely taking care of this when i get home . 
 elle : do n't make promises you ca n't keep , young man ; -rrb- brax : oh , do n't worry . 
 this is a promise i 'm planning to make good on , over and over again ... elle : dammit ! 
 now i have to buy these panties , too . 
 my smile is huge when i read that last text . 
 i love this little game of ours . 
 shit , that girl can drive me crazy . 
 now i have to think about something totally unsexy to calm my body down . 
 what does n't help is that i ca n't get that image of elle in a corset out of my damn mind . 
 that photo is definitely being saved on my phone . 
 i receive another text which i expect to be elle , but it 's from an unknown number . 
 unknown : come in the front door , unarmed and alone . 
 any trouble and we 'll have a repeat of the alleyway . 
 brax : okay . 
 no trouble . 
 i just want answers . 
 unknown : i bet you do . 
 i text shay to make sure elle is covered , then lock my car and cross the street towards the warehouse . 
 just as i reach the pavement the rotten sliding door opens , rattling loudly on its tracks . 
 i gingerly walk inside and jolt when the door shuts behind me . 
 shit , maybe this was n't a good idea . 
 i walk forward and see evans standing by a window , looking out over the riverfront . 
 he 's wearing his trademark suit looking part business man , part mob boss . 
 `` evans , '' i grunt , giving him nothing more than a nod . 
 `` braxton , long time no see , '' he snarls . 
 `` i bet you 've missed me , '' i retort with a smirk . 
 `` you could say that , '' he replies , frowning . 
 `` would be a lot better if you were working for me . '' 
 `` that 'll never happen , you know that . 
 i want to continue living my life out of prison . 
 now let 's get to the point of this reunion , '' i throw back at him . 
 `` have you got a guy on elise ? 
 black car , blonde guy , kinda creepy looking , your favorite kind of guy . '' 
 i stare straight at him while i speak . 
 he looks at me for a good minute , then a wide grin appears on his face . 
 finally , he breaks the uncomfortable silence . 
 `` the halliwell girl ? 
 interestingly enough , no i do n't . 
 now you 're got me curious . 
 who do you think it is ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure now . 
 i just want assurance from you that there is n't going to be any trouble , '' i say . 
 there is no way i 'm letting him intimidate me again . 
 `` no trouble from me , son , '' he says with a dark look on his face , like there is something he knows but is n't sharing . 
 `` and what about from brimstone ? '' 
 i ask , looking him straight in the eye . 
 if he lies to me , i 'm wan na be able to tell . 
 `` brimstone is none of your concern , '' he says darkly . 
 `` why do n't i believe you ? 
 why has he called you in on this ? '' 
 i 'm hoping i can get some answers straight from the source . 
 `` it does n't concern you , boy , '' he spits out . 
 `` do n't be offended if i do n't entirely believe you , '' i retort , getting angrier the more time i spend with this man . 
 `` good to see you 're still on top of your game , braxton , '' he sneers . 
 `` always will be when it comes to you , '' i add with a smirk , knowing how much my attitude annoys him . 
 `` now , now . 
 you sure you do n't want to come work for me , we 'd work well together . 
 you could go a long way with me , '' he says with a slimy grin . 
 `` never going to happen , '' i say , effectively dismissing his invitation . 
 `` you 'll change your mind one day , '' he muses . 
 `` not in this lifetime . 
 right , well great to catch up , '' i say sarcastically . 
 `` hope you rot in hell and all that . '' 
 i move backwards towards the door . 
 i do n't trust the man enough to turn my back to him . 
 `` aww , brax . 
 you break my bleeding heart . 
 where is the love ? '' 
 evans says just as i reach the door . 
 `` pfft , that was gone a long time ago , dad . '' 
 chapter fifteen i get home after a successful shopping trip with shay . 
 he was n't all that helpful in the end , he kept suggesting clothes that would look better on a street worker than in a bar . 
 there were lots of short skirts that would barely cover my ass and tops that could double as lingerie . 
 he did make me laugh a lot so that made up for his hideous clothes sense . 
 i stepped of the shower and started getting ready to give brax a private demonstration of my new underwear , when i hear my phone ringing in the kitchen . 
 i put my robe on and rush to answer it , seeing uncle harry 's name on the caller id as it falls out of my purse . 
 i groan at the thought of talking to him because i know he 's wanting a final answer on the company . 
 c'mon , elle , you can do this . 
 you can tell him . 
 after a lot of thinking and talking it over with brax , i 'm ready to give harry my decision . 
 i do n't want to sell brightlight , but i do n't know if i want to run it either . 
 ultimately , if it came down to a choice between brimstone or myself , there would be no question and i would step in immediately . 
 i know i should be thankful to him and sylvia for taking me in after my parents died . 
 it meant i could stay at my high school without having to worry about where i was going to live , the amount of money i 'd just inherited , and the multi-billion dollar company that was now mine . 
 i had nowhere else to go and aunt sylvie wanted to try and keep my life as settled as possible , even during my self-destructive phase . 
 i ca n't pin point it exactly , but i do n't trust his reasons for wanting to buy the company from me . 
 it would crush me to see him run it into the ground , or split it up and sell it off to the highest bidder . 
 my father started the company when i was a little girl in order to provide us with a better life , and he succeeded many times over . 
 brightlight industries is the reason why i would n't see him for days on end , why he would go away for lengthy business trips , and why my parents always had functions to attend at night , leaving us in the care of babysitters . 
 despite his demanding job , he would always make time for us . 
 i feel like i need to hold onto the last thing left that was his . 
 the thing he worked his ass off for , for me . 
 `` hi , uncle harry , '' i answer the call , trying to sound cheerful . 
 `` darling elle . 
 how are you ? '' 
 he says in his usual greasy way . 
 `` i 'm good , just got back from a few days away . 
 how about you ? '' 
 `` i 'm good . 
 i 'll be even better when you tell me you 're going to sell the company to me , '' he says confidently . 
 i can just imagine him rubbing his hands together in glee , champagne at the ready , waiting for me to tell him yes . 
 `` uncle harry , i 'm sorry but the answer is no . 
 i know it is n't what you want to hear , but i ca n't give up the last part of my family , even to you , '' i explain , swallowing back the tears building in my eyes . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he bellows down the phone , barely letting me finish . 
 `` you mean to tell me that after everything sylvia and i did for you , you show me gratitude like this ! '' 
 `` um ... uncle har - '' `` no , elise . 
 no uncle harry now . 
 you are dead to me , child . 
 your father would roll over in his grave at what you are doing ! '' 
 he shouts down the phone . 
 i feel that familiar tightness spread through my chest , i know that i 'm just moments away from a panic attack . 
 `` i will make this company mine , whether you like it or not , and there is n't a damn thing you can do about it , girl ! 
 that boyfriend of yours is to blame for this ! '' 
 `` no , brax has nothing to - '' `` brax ? 
 well , he 'll be getting an earful from me too . 
 wait a minute . 
 brax james ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i answer , confused as to how uncle harry knows brax 's surname . 
 `` that little f ** ker ! 
 goddamnit ! '' 
 he shouts down the phone . 
 `` do n't you dare talk about him like that ! 
 you do n't even know him , '' i say vehemently . 
 i 'm getting angry now . 
 `` i would n't be too sure about that . 
 never you mind , girl . 
 mark my words , i will get my way , elise one way or the other , you and your boyfriend will rue the day you ever crossed me ! '' 
 he warns angrily , before hanging up in my ear . 
 i stare at the now silent phone , shocked at harry 's reaction . 
 i 've never had anyone threaten me before . 
 why would he do that ? 
 the tightness in my chest has moved up to my throat and i 'm powerless to stop it this time . 
 i drop my phone to the floor and slide down the kitchen wall . 
 i burst into tears , pulling my knees up and wrapping my arms around myself as i try to calm down . 
 i need brax to make everything alright . 
 i need brax to fix this , to fix me . 
 i get home after my meeting with evans to find elle curled up against the wall with her head down . 
 i drop my bag , rushing to her side . 
 `` baby , what 's wrong ? '' 
 i say as she lifts her head up and gazes at me through her tears . 
 `` un-uncle harry , '' she whimpers . 
 i feel the anger course through me . 
 i 'll kill that man if he hurt her . 
 i clench my fists together , trying to control my growing rage . 
 `` what did he do ? '' 
 i ask through gritted teeth , wrapping my arms around my gorgeous broken girl . 
 `` i told him that i would n't sell . 
 he said i was ungrateful and that he 'd get his way , one way or another . 
 he thinks it 's your fault , brax , and he acted like he knows you , '' she says through her sobs . 
 `` baby ... hush , '' i say , pulling her into my lap as i sit beside her . 
 `` that man ca n't do anything to us . 
 i 'll make sure of it . '' 
 fuck ! 
 i knew he recognized my name ! 
 there are n't that many brax 's around . 
 `` how does he know you , brax ? '' 
 she asks . 
 the look on her face is breaking my heart . 
 i cup her face with my hands , hoping she 'll believe what i 'm about to say . 
 `` i do n't know , elle . 
 i 've heard of him before , but i 've never met him . 
 that 's the honest to god truth , darlin . '' 
 `` he said my father would n't be happy with this , that i could n't stop him . '' 
 i brush my lips against hers , murmuring against them , `` i 've got this , elle . 
 he wo n't ever be able to hurt you . '' 
 empowered by my words , she returns my kiss with all the passion she can muster . 
 it 's like she is starving and i am the food she needs to survive . 
 i let her take control , her tongue exploring mine like she 's trying to memorize it . 
 i move her legs so that she is straddling mine and move my hands down her body , cupping her bottom and bringing her closer to me . 
 we stay there on the floor of our living room for what seems like an eternity , both of us unable to stop touching each other , comforting the other . 
 pouring everything we 've been through , everything we have , into it . 
 when we finally break apart we are both breathless . 
 i stand up , carrying her with me over to the couch where i sit down and position her on top of me , rubbing her back , making sure she is okay . 
 i grit my teeth when i think of brimstone . 
 that man is going to be the death of me . 
 if he hurts just one hair on her head , i will maim him . 
 he will regret the day he ever threatened elle . 
 i need to take action , and that involves me talking to shay and gibbons . 
 `` brax , and for what do i owe the pleasure ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we need to do something about brimstone , '' he says . 
 he sounds furious and i wonder what harry has done now . 
 `` why 's that ? 
 as far as we know , he has n't done anything . 
 he has n't made any moves against elle as yet . 
 we 're watching him like a hawk , brax , you know that . '' 
 `` he 's threatened her . 
 she told him she would n't sell brightlight this afternoon and he went ballistic , told her that he would get the company one way or another and that nothing would stop him '' he says angrily down the phone . 
 `` brax , calm down . 
 we ca n't do anything until he makes a move , you know that . '' 
 i hear him grunt into the phone , an admission that he knows i 'm right . 
 `` and anyway , elise is safe with you living there and shay monitoring the situation from the outside . 
 nothing can happen to her , right ? '' 
 `` i know that , but it does n't stop me have a bad feeling about this . 
 he seems to know me , gave elle the impression that he knows exactly who i am , '' he says , sounding defeated . 
 `` how would he know ? 
 brax , there is nothing connecting you to us , '' i reply , hoping like hell i 'm not giving anything away . 
 `` i still think evans is in on this with brimstone . 
 i just ca n't prove anything , '' brax says . 
 i can tell this is doing his head in and knowing him , he is frustrated to all hell . 
 he may think he knows what is going on , but he has no clue . 
 `` look , brax , just do your job and look after your girl . 
 you and shay have each other 's backs and i 'm watching everything from down here , okay ? '' 
 this conversation is getting a little exasperating now . 
 `` yeah , boss , will do . 
 you 'll let me know if you hear about anything going down ? '' 
 he asks `` yes , brax . 
 it 's my job , '' i add before hanging up . 
 i sit back in my chair and run my hands through my hair . 
 i hope like hell this goes as planned . 
 if anything goes wrong , i know i wo n't live long enough to ponder the fact . 
 it feels so good to be in brax 's arms . 
 i always feel protected when he is around . 
 i have n't felt that since my family was ripped away from me . 
 i do n't know what i 'd do if he left me , or if i lost him . 
 uncle harry 's words have stuck with me-he 's blaming brax for my decision . 
 brax had nothing to do with it , he just helped me admit what i truly wanted , to retain the last piece of my father that i have . 
 it 's his legacy , it 's my destiny . 
 i have a bath after brax calms me down . 
 even though i 've already had a shower , brax thinks that a bath might relax me and take my mind of the whole brimstone affair . 
 he is right . 
 he even helps wash my back , and takes a few liberties while washing my front as well , but that 's why i love him . 
 he definitely succeeds in taking my mind of uncle harry 's threat . 
 after almost dozing off in the water , i get up and throw on a pair of jeans and one of brax 's wife beaters to wear . 
 i smile to myself when i think of how brax reacted when he got home and saw me so upset . 
 i know he does n't cope well when i 'm like that , but he has always been there when i needed him . 
 he makes me feel invincible , like nothing could bring me down again . 
 i walk into the kitchen , finding brax sitting at the counter and staring at his phone . 
 `` what 's up , babe ? '' 
 i ask , taking a seat beside him . 
 `` just this brimstone thing , sweetheart , i ca n't stop thinking about how he threatened you , '' he says sullenly . 
 `` it 's okay , he was just blowing off steam . 
 i know uncle harry would n't really hurt me . 
 not intentionally , anyway , '' i say quietly , suddenly doubting my own words . 
 `` okay , baby , i 'll try to stop thinking about it , if you will , '' he says , grabbing my hand and entwining our fingers before bringing my hand up to his lips . 
 i suddenly realize that i forgot to check the mailbox when i came in . 
 ever since i almost confronted the man in the black car , i 've been on edge about going down into the foyer by myself . 
 although we have n't seen him since then , i 'm hoping he got the hint and will leave us alone from now on . 
 `` babe , did you grab the mail on the way past ? '' 
 i ask as i get up and pour myself a coffee . 
 without looking up from his phone he replies , `` yeah , i dumped it on the coffee table when i came in . '' 
 he seems really worked up over the whole uncle harry situation . 
 he 's been busy texting on his phone ever since i got out of the bath . 
 maybe he 's venting to shay , but whatever he 's doing i hope it calms him down . 
 i 'm still worried about what uncle harry said , but i know that i have the final say on the company until such time as i surrender my stake or am unable to do so and i 'm still standing , so the company is still mine . 
 brax 's looks up at me with a shy smile . 
 `` i got ta call shay , sweetheart . '' 
 `` okay , '' i reply , giving him a quick kiss before he disappears into the bedroom , shutting the door behind him . 
 not wanting to disturb him , i go make myself comfortable on the couch and start checking through the mail . 
 there 's a letter from the utility company which is not unexpected , another one from college confirming my classes for the next quarter and all that is left is a strange yellow envelope . 
 i turn it over in my hands and see that it has no forwarding address , all it has on it is my name handwritten on the front . 
 not even my full name , it just says ` elle ' . 
 nobody calls me that except brax , my father and uncle harry . 
 putting my finger inside the seal , i carefully rip open the envelope and pull out a lined notepad page that is carefully folded inside . 
 i put the envelope and other mail down on the coffee table and unfold the note . 
 i read what the note says over and over again , my hands starting to shake as the words start sinking in . 
 `` i know where you are , i know where you 'll be . 
 i 'll finish what i started , it 'll be just you and me . '' 
 suddenly i drop the note onto the floor and let out a blood curdling scream . 
 `` brax ! '' 
 i hang up from my call with gibbons just as i hear elle scream my name . 
 i run into the living room and find her sitting on the couch muttering to herself , shaking like a leaf and pointing to a note on the floor . 
 i see the note and my stomach churns when i recognize the paper , the same as the one left on my car in richmond . 
 the problem is that this time , elle has seen it . 
 i pick the note up and read it , instantly recognizing the handwriting . 
 it 's from the same person who left the note in richmond . 
 dammit ! 
 i 'm seething now , angrier than i 've been for a long time . 
 i knew i needed to monitor the mail more closely ; i did n't want elle to find out about this . 
 the last time i felt this angry was when i found out the truth about my real father and what he did to my mother and me . 
 i read the words over and over again , trying to figure out who the hell could have sent it . 
 whoever it was followed us to richmond , that much i do know . 
 it still does n't seem to fit brimstone 's style , and i may not trust evans as far as i could throw him , but he said the black car is n't his and he nothing to gain from lying to me . 
 i run my hands through my hair , looking down at my poor girl . 
 how fair is it to be upset twice in the same day by things that are totally out of her control . 
 she does n't deserve a life like this , she deserves nothing but love and happiness . 
 its moments like this when i wish i could tell her why i 'm here , that it is my job to protect her . 
 more than that , i want her to know she is safe with me . 
 with shay and i here , nothing will happen to her . 
 we would stake our lives on that . 
 she looks up at me from the couch , still shaken up and obviously upset . 
 `` who would send me something like this , brax ? 
 i have n't done anything to anyone ! '' 
 she sobs . 
 `` i do n't know , baby , but i 'm going to talk with shay and we 're going to find out who this person is . 
 i love you too much to let anything happen to you , sweetheart , '' i reply . 
 `` what can you and shay do ? 
 he works security and you 're a college student , '' she asks inquisitively . 
 i hesitate before answering her , the look she is giving me says that whatever i answer , my credibility is in question . 
 `` shay has a lot of connections and so do i . 
 we 're going to see what they can do for us . '' 
 it 's not a lie , it is actually closer to the truth than i have ever said to her before . 
 trying to end the conversation , i lean down and lift her up into my arms , proceeding to carry her to our bedroom . 
 right now she needs to feel comfort and protection in my arms . 
 if i have to hold her in bed all night to make her feel safe again , i will do that . 
 nothing makes me feel better than when i help her , and god knows i ca n't stand to see her cry again today . 
 chapter sixteen after spending the night comforting elle , i 'm itching to get out this morning to meet with shay . 
 with all of yesterday 's developments , i think we need a strategy meeting to work out what we 're going to do about brimstone and this bloody note . 
 the note is the unknown variable . 
 evans told me the man was n't his and despite his faults , he is the type of person who will freely admit when he is up to something and gets caught . 
 that is why i met with him yesterday . 
 i hate the man with every part of my being , but unfortunately i share dna with him and sometimes i have to play that card . 
 shay and the boss man are the only ones who know that he is my father . 
 gibbons is n't aware of the connection , it is something i 've made sure was kept on the down low since i was a teenager . 
 when my adoptive father was dying , he explained to me exactly what happened when i was born and how he and his wife leah came to adopt me when i was two years old . 
 as far as i 'm concerned , roger and leah james were the only parents i 've ever known and would ever need . 
 but on his deathbed , roger expressed his wish for me to reach out to my birth mother , but only when i was ready . 
 i have n't reached a point in my life where i feel the need to do that , but events of the past six months have definitely got me thinking about family more and more . 
 i 've investigated her , so i know her maiden name and that she got married about five years after i was born , but that is all i know . 
 having to come face to face with evans and brimstone certainly has n't helped matters , and seeing how elle has dealt with having no family at all makes me feel guilty . 
 i have a chance to reconnect with my birth mother , whereas elle wo n't ever see her family again . 
 what roger said that day has stuck with me . 
 he did n't feel good leaving this earth without making sure i knew where i came from . 
 i did already know about evans unfortunately . 
 i made mistake of looking michael evans up when i was fifteen . 
 i had idealistic hopes of him spending a lifetime looking for me , wanting to make it all up to me . 
 he knew about me , that much was true , but from all accounts he had n't spent a minute thinking about me until he saw an opportunity to groom an heir for his corrupt empire . 
 despite only being fifteen , he tried to get me to go work for him , something he has continued to try and do since then . 
 he made promises that i could rise up through the ranks and take over from him one day . 
 i may have been an impressionable teenager but i scoffed in this face , saying that i would never work for scum like him . 
 i even went so far as to tell him that the only thing we had in common was genetics . 
 he tried to trap me and force me into working for him . 
 i remember that day fondly , he accosted me on my way home from school . 
 when i refused to go with him yet again , he laughed at me and said that i was just as stubborn and stupid as my mother . 
 that comment resulted in my punching him in the nose . 
 i broke my hand , but it was worth every day i spend in a plaster cast . 
 in the end , roger and i decided the only way to escape him was for me to enlist . 
 i send shay a text first thing in the morning , asking him to meet me at the campus cafe where i first took elle . 
 she has a morning class to go to so i left her as she was getting dressed . 
 now i 'm sitting here at the cafe waiting for shay . 
 he walks in five minutes later , taking a seat and muttering to himself . 
 `` what 's up ? 
 you look pissed , '' i ask him , trying not to laugh . 
 `` well , your pops decided to pay me a visit this morning , insisting that i should tell him what is going on so he could help . '' 
 i almost choke on my coffee . 
 `` dude , what the hell ? 
 when i saw him yesterday , all i asked him was whether the guy in the black honda is one of his , mainly because it has his name written all over it . 
 he denied any involvement . '' 
 `` well , he seemed very interested in your girlfriend and i did n't think you 'd be pleased , '' he says with a frown . 
 `` uh , no ! 
 i do n't want his dirty hands anywhere near her . 
 i better not have to go see him again . 
 was hard enough dealing with him and his henchman yesterday . '' 
 `` well , let 's end this delightful topic now then . 
 before you get really pissed off and punch a wall again , or his face , '' he says with a laugh . 
 `` yeah , well yesterday was eventful , '' i say sarcastically . 
 `` brimstone really rattled elle . 
 she was on the floor crying when i got home . '' 
 `` what he say ? '' 
 his tone suddenly goes serious . 
 `` he was n't happy that she was n't selling brightlight to him . 
 we expected that , but then he had to add in that her father would be rolling in his grave and that he 'd get the company , whether she wanted him to or not . 
 you know what that means , bro , '' i say , looking straight at him . 
 we both know what that means . 
 it means that brimstone is aware that the company rules say that the final decision is elle 's until such time that she sells her share or she is incapacitated . 
 i hope to hell he is n't going for the incapacitated clause , cause then i 'd have to kill him . 
 `` it means that she 's really in danger now , from brimstone , from evans if he is working for brimstone , and maybe someone else we have n't considered yet . 
 we 're going to have to watch her twenty four-seven , '' he states . 
 this is why shay and i are and the best partners ; we think the same and we read the other 's mind . 
 `` and then to add salt to the wound , elle got another note yesterday . 
 hand delivered to the mailbox , on the same paper as the one from richmond , but this one had a clear warning for her , '' i tell him , pulling the note out of my pocket . 
 shay grabs the note and lays it on the table . 
 `` what the f ** k , dude ? 
 this is getting frightening now , '' he says angrily . 
 `` tell me about it . 
 she was freaked out , man . 
 i 've only seen her that bad when she 's had a nightmare , '' i wince , remembering how upset she was . 
 `` what do you want to do ? '' 
 shay asks , knowing that we need to formulate a plan . 
 i 'm glad i have shay . 
 he loves elle like a sister and like me , sees this as more than a job now . 
 `` we need to monitor her at all times . 
 who knows what this maniac is planning , or when he is planning it . 
 he could be connected to brimstone or evans , or it could be totally unrelated to the whole thing , '' i add , thinking out loud . 
 `` the unknown factor is what scares the shit out of me . '' 
 `` considering the guy followed you to virginia , i think we should go with it being separate to the brimstone affair . 
 nobody knew where you were going and hardly anyone round here knows your car , so he must have been watching you , '' he says , verbalizing everything that i was thinking , but really did n't want to admit out loud . 
 as soon as i intercepted the note in richmond , i knew we had been followed . 
 i was too distracted by elle and failed to look out for a tail . 
 i was careless , especially given that our job is to protect her . 
 `` well , b , i 've got ta get back on the street to watch your pretty girl and her hot ass , '' he teases with a smile . 
 i growl at him . 
 `` do n't you be watching my girl 's ass , dude , '' making him crack up laughing at my possessiveness . 
 `` see you tonight at the bar ? '' 
 he adds . 
 `` yeah , i 'll text you to when we 're on our way , '' i reply as he turns and leaves . 
 i 'd totally forgotten about shay 's birthday drinks tonight . 
 i text elle to make sure she still wants to go . 
 after all the stress of yesterday , i 'm half expecting her to pull back into her shell . 
 she seemed okay this morning , but she had two bad experiences yesterday and i need to make sure she is really alright , and not just telling me what i want to hear . 
 i get home from my morning classes and find brax is still out . 
 he sent me a text telling me he was on his way home for lunch . 
 i 'm a bit wary of being home alone right now . 
 yesterday 's note freaked me out . 
 i go to the front window and look out around the street . 
 i ca n't see the black honda anywhere so i feel my whole body relax a bit . 
 we have n't seen him for three days now , but after the hand delivered note yesterday , i have a gut feeling that he is n't too far away . 
 i hear the lock in the door rattle and brax walks in , carrying a bouquet of white roses with a big smile on his face . 
 i stand in the middle of the living room , mouth open in shock . 
 no one has ever bought me flowers . 
 i blink back the tears in my eyes as his thoughtfulness sinks in . 
 with a huge grin he walks up , hands me the flowers , and leans in to give me a sweet probing kiss . 
 i can handle hellos like this . 
 he pulls away , leaving me wanting more than a kiss , and takes the flowers into the kitchen to put them in water . 
 i turn and watch him go , unable to stop myself from checking out how the muscles in his shoulders move under his tight black henley . 
 i should really stop ogling him all the time , although i ca n't see myself ever getting sick of the sight of him . 
 an idea pops in my head and i decide to run with it , knowing that brax is never one to turn me down . 
 he turns around with the vase and flowers just as i reach him in the kitchen , splashing water all up my top . 
 i shriek at the sudden coldness down my front . 
 he apologizes , but as soon as he sees that my white singlet top is saturated , a sexy smirk grows on his face . 
 `` well , my dear , i think you might need some help getting out of that wet top , '' he says , putting the vase down on the counter and stalking towards me . 
 i ca n't help the giggle that escapes my mouth as i try to run into the bedroom . 
 he catches me around the waist before i reach the door , backing me into the doorway , pressing his hard firm body into mine . 
 i want to be closer , i need him to be closer . 
 he pierces me with his eyes , staring straight into mine , full of love and adoration . 
 i did n't think it is possible to love anyone this much . 
 he grabs the hem of my camisole and slowly peels the wet , see-through tank off me in one fluid motion . 
 i fist my hands in his shirt , pulling him down to me as he begins kissing me , starting at my forehead and moving painstakingly slow down my face . 
 when he reaches my ear , he nips it with his teeth gently . 
 `` i 've never seen anyone look as beautiful as you , baby , '' he whispers , making me melt into him even more as he trails his mouth down my neck , tracing small circles with his tongue as he tastes me . 
 `` brax , i need you , '' i moan as he continues his downward trail . 
 `` i know you do , and do you know how hot that makes me ? '' 
 his lips brush across my skin as he peppers me with feather light kisses while he rolls his hips into mine . 
 `` make love to me , baby , '' i gasp as he reaches up and rolls his fingers over my hard ni ** les . 
 `` i intend to darlin . '' 
 wrapping his arms around my waist , he lifts me up , encouraging me as i instinctively wrap my legs around his hips . 
 we stand against the doorway , our bodies grinding against each other . 
 i move one hand down between us and start stroking , following the shape of him through his straining jeans . 
 the groan that escapes his mouth is so erotic , i almost fall apart right there . 
 `` take me to bed , '' i whisper huskily in his ear . 
 `` gladly , '' he replies as he carries me towards our bedroom and proceeds to show me exactly how hot i 've made him . 
 we lie in bed after making love , elle 's naked body draped over mine . 
 her hand is gently caressing my chest and damn , the afterglow feels good with her . 
 i feel her head move and i look down into her eyes . 
 `` do you ever think about the future , brax ? 
 like where you will be in five , ten , twenty years ? '' 
 she asks , absentmindedly tracing shapes through chest hair . 
 `` of course , but i also like taking each day as it comes . 
 i learned a long time ago that expectations only lead to disappointments , '' i reply , my thoughts trailing off to my screwed up family dynamic . 
 `` oh ... okay , '' she says , sounding disappointed in my answer . 
 i can tell that my comment was not what she was expecting . 
 i roll over so that i 'm lying above her , my hips between her legs , my weight held up on one elbow now resting by her head as i look down at her . 
 i grab her chin as she tries to look away . 
 `` what i do know , sweetheart , is that you are my world . 
 before i met you i was simply going through the motions . 
 now i have a purpose , i have a reason to be here . 
 my job was to make you feel again and to open you up to the world . 
 i 've never seen you more alive than you are now . 
 you are a vibrant , shining star to behold . 
 you are who i want to hold in my arms at night and who i want to open my eyes to in the morning . 
 nobody has ever touched my heart like you do , nobody ever will . '' 
 i lower my mouth to hers and i pour all of my love for her into this kiss . 
 i 'm desperate to make her feel the way i see her . 
 i want her to believe deep down in her soul that there is nowhere else i want to be , and no one else in this world that i want to be with she returns the kiss with fervor , eagerly wrestling her tongue with mine until we have to pull apart to breathe . 
 `` i guess that answers my question then , '' she says breathlessly . 
 `` i love you , braxton james , '' she whispers against my lips . 
 `` i love you too , elise halliwell . '' 
 chapter seventeen brax and i are getting ready for shay 's birthday party at stages , a bar downtown that shay has hired out for the night . 
 he 's turning twenty-seven which is apparently a big deal . 
 he 's even booked a photo booth and dj for the night . 
 after the events of the past few days , i 'm really looking forward to having a few drinks and letting loose for the night . 
 while i 'm in the bathroom making some final touches to my make-up and hair , brax is already dressed and waiting in the living room , having a beer while i get ready . 
 i 'm wearing my hair down in a sea of loose brown curls with sexy smoky eyes and wet look lipstick , brax is definitely in for a surprise tonight . 
 after yesterday 's teasing episode , where he left me all worked up before he went out , i went shopping with one purpose . 
 to buy an outfit that would leave him speechless . 
 i 'm not just talking about an open mouth kind of speechless , either . 
 i 'm going for a drooling mess , mouth gaping , barely able to breathe reaction . 
 i searched through victoria 's secret and a few major department stores until i found exactly what i wanted . 
 the dress i 'm wearing is a navy v-neck jersey dress with a plunging neck line that even made shay blush . 
 it gathers into a crystal adornment just below my cle ** age then falls into a drapey skirt , finishing just above the knee . 
 to go with it , i 'm wearing a pair of christian louboutin chain-maille red sole wedges with my ultimate weapon underneath . 
 a black mesh corset covered in silver eyelets from victoria 's secret . 
 it is almost a waste to cover it up ; it is truly stunning . 
 i finish the look off with a pair of silky black thigh-highs , held up with silver garters . 
 the whole outfit makes me feel so sexy and wanton . 
 i do n't know how long i 'll last tonight without needing brax to touch me . 
 i hope i 'll be able to outlast him . 
 well , i damn hope i can . 
 i want to see pure unadulterated lust in his eyes and for his mind to be spinning so damn fast that he wo n't have anything but me on his mind . 
 i dab some perfume on my wrists and chest , before taking one last look in the mirror and opening the bedroom door . 
 as i walk in to the living room i see brax standing by the window with a beer in his hand , looking out into the night . 
 i stand in the doorway , taking in the view of the sexy man before me . 
 he 's wearing a gorgeous navy blue shirt i bought for him yesterday which fits him perfectly , nicely hugging the lines of his chest . 
 he 's matched it with some black linen pants and his freshly polished black dress shoes . 
 he may not dress up often but damn , i 'm glad he has tonight . 
 that man is switching the tables on me and he does n't even know it yet . 
 well , two can play this game . 
 i clear my throat to get his attention . 
 he slowly turns around and the grin on his face disappears , instantly replaced with one of the most lustful looks i have ever seen . 
 he looks awestruck , almost spellbound . 
 he slowly takes in the full length of my body and his gaze travels from head to toe and back to my face , like he is slowly memorizing every inch of me . 
 he returns his eyes to mine and starts stalking towards me . 
 it 's like he has lost all self-control and wants to have me here and now , i 'd know that look of his anywhere . 
 i quickly put my hands up to his chest to stop his advance . 
 `` brax , '' i say , my voice giving away the effect he 's having on me . 
 `` we have somewhere to be . '' 
 `` i do n't care right now . 
 shay will understand . 
 damn , elle , he can wait all night , '' he says desperately , running his fingers slowly down my exposed arms , making me shiver . 
 `` no , baby . 
 you 're going to have to wait until we get home , '' i say sweetly , knowing that i 'm frustrating the hell out of him . 
 i ca n't hold back a smirk that would rival his best . 
 `` damn you , you little minx , '' he replies with a smile . 
 `` this is revenge for yesterday , is n't it ? '' 
 `` maybe , but believe me , this is just as hard for me as is it for you , '' i reply shakily . 
 `` i very much doubt that , baby , but i welcome you to find out , '' he replies . 
 `` brax ! '' 
 i say with a giggle . 
 `` now , babe , let 's go see the birthday boy , '' i say , walking to the door with extra swing in my hips . 
 i hear brax breathe out a big breath i did n't know he was holding in . 
 `` this is going to be a long painful night , '' he mutters , walking towards me . 
 i ca n't help the smile that spreads over my face gets closer to me . 
 he almost looks like he 's sulking now . 
 i decide that it 's the perfect opportunity to put the final nail in the coffin . 
 `` brax ? '' 
 i whisper as he reaches around me with my coat . 
 `` yes , darlin ? '' 
 he whispers back . 
 i place both hands on his shoulders and reach up to kiss him ever so softly , pulling away when he tries to deepen the kiss and moving my mouth to his ear . 
 `` i 'm not wearing any underwear . '' 
 holy hell , i 've unleashed a monster . 
 my elle , my once innocent , shy , and sheltered elle , has turned into a sexual deviant . 
 she 's reveling in the fact that she has teased and taunted me to my breaking point . 
 she knows we will not have a chance to relieve any of this built up tension until the party is over , and we 're already running late . 
 anyone else and i would 've said screw it and carried her off to our bedroom there and then . 
 but for shay , i ca n't do that to him . 
 i ca n't help the growl that escapes my mouth when she tells me she is going commando . 
 it takes every ounce of strength i have to stop myself from lifting up her dress right there to check . 
 i follow behind her as i lock the apartment door . 
 she definitely has an extra spring in her step tonight , i ca n't wait to get her on the dance floor and tease her till she breaks-then we can both enjoy the aftermath . 
 we catch a cab to the bar where the party is being held . 
 it 's a small bar , twice as long as it is wide . 
 it has exposed brown brick walls inside with a long wooden bar in one corner and brown leather booths lining one whole side of the room . 
 to complete the ambiance there are low-hanging muted lights scattered around the bar , giving the room a dark seductive glow . 
 in the front corner of the bar , there is a small stage and dance floor . 
 i ca n't wait to get elle dancing , although looking at her dress again , that is definitely not going to help the frustration . 
 i scan the room and see at the end of the building , there is a small hallway leading to the bathrooms . 
 i can see the photo booth shay hired as well , positioned in the far corner of the bar . 
 i grin as i think of the fun that could be had in the booth with elle as we get our photo taken . 
 i see shay at the bar and walk towards him . 
 `` what 's with the photo booth , dude ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` ha ! 
 apparently it 's the big thing at parties these days so i thought , why not ? 
 the photos are instant so people can take their photos then pick them up as they leave the booth , '' he explains . 
 `` by the way , you two are late . '' 
 he adds , raising an eyebrow as he looks at both of us . 
 `` hey , '' i say , holding my hands up . 
 `` i 'm innocent . 
 blame my sexy siren over here . '' 
 i turn to elle with a huge grin on my face . 
 she giggles and goes to take a seat at the bar next to shay . 
 i hold my arms out to her , gesturing for her to remove her coat . 
 she obliges and turns her back to me and i gently place my hands inside the shoulders of the coat to slowly remove it , making sure to softly drag my fingers against the bare skin on her arms as i guide it off her . 
 i feel her shudder at the sensation . 
 i grin when she turns her head around and gives me a knowing look . 
 she is aware of my game and by the way her breathing has picked up , i can tell she is loving this as much as i am . 
 since we 're at the bar , i order a corona for me and a tall vodka soda for elle . 
 we then make our way to a booth with shay . 
 elle lets me go in the booth first then ever so slowly moves herself past me , grazing my lap and making sure to grind down in the place where i want her the most . 
 she ends up sitting on my left side , looking at me with the most innocent smile on her face . 
 of course she could 've gone round the other side but the grin on her face tells me that it would n't have been nearly as much fun for her . 
 `` so what do you think of her surprise outfit , bro ? '' 
 shay asks , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` well , it 's definitely a lot better than your hooker suggestions , '' i reply with grin . 
 he cracks up laughing . 
 `` yeah , well i tried , man . 
 i really did , but she had this strange idea stuck in her head that you 'd prefer this little ensemble better , '' he says , pointing at elle . 
 she 's laughing at our banter , making my smile even wider . 
 i love how easily she laughs now , a lot has changed in the past six months . 
 shay 's party is great . 
 there are about forty people here and the place is buzzing . 
 shay , brax and i are in a booth chatting and the boys are competing to see who can make me laugh the most . 
 shay is such a crack-up , and he loves winding brax up about me . 
 i find myself watching brax when he 's not looking . 
 never in a million years could i have dreamed of being this happy with another person . 
 the chemistry we have is palpable and i would never have gone commando in a public before meeting him . 
 this game of ours has stepped up tonight-all the sideways glances , the licking of lips and light caresses against each other have my whole body humming . 
 i do n't think i 've ever been this turned on . 
 the combination of sexy lingerie , enticing looks from brax , and the anticipation of what i know is going to happen the second we get home , has me wound up like a spring . 
 i hear one of my favorite songs , `` candy shop '' by 50 cent , start playing and i decide to seize the moment . 
 this will be a perfect opportunity to tease brax just a little bit more . 
 as if reading my mind brax stands and takes my hand , pulling me up beside him as he brings his mouth close to my ear . 
 `` we should go dance , '' he whispers , gently nipping my earlobe as he waits for my response . 
 i stifle a moan as desire jolts through my body . 
 `` let 's go before i drag you out of here and back to our bed , '' he says through gritted teeth , letting me know he 's as on edge as i am . 
 the tension between us is getting close to breaking point and now it 's just a question of who is going to give in to it first . 
 we reach the dance floor , heading towards the middle of the crowd . 
 i realize i 'm in trouble when brax pulls me flush against his body . 
 we 're stuck to each other , shoulder to pelvis and i can tell he 's making sure i feel every inch of the effect my teasing has had on him . 
 he grinds up against me . 
 i swear that everyone would be able to see the sparks raging between us if they looked close enough . 
 i moan because dancing this close , in time with the beat , feels so damn good . 
 he 's showing me exactly how he feels , and knowing that is making me want him even more . 
 this game of ours is going to be the death of us , i can already tell . 
 the song changes to a slower one that i recognize as `` let me love you '' by neyo . 
 i look up at brax , his cheeky smirk has made an appearance and the look on his face tells me that he had something to do with the song choice . 
 he moves his hands from around my neck , drawing them down my chest to my hips , increasing his grip on me as he grinds his body into mine in time with the music . 
 slow dancing with brax is close to heaven . 
 i wrap my hands around his neck , standing on my toes to kiss him softly , tracing his bottom lip with my tongue , knowing that will frustrate him by not deepening the kiss . 
 i feel his whole body shudder against mine . 
 this gentle torture is burning us alive from the inside . 
 he dips his head . 
 `` you look so beautiful tonight , i 'm so glad i found you , '' he whispers in my ear as he starts showering my neck with soft wet kisses . 
 i scan the people around us , but it 's like we 're invisible . 
 no one else is watching us . 
 we 're in our own little bubble on the dance floor and all that matters is what is happening between us right now . 
 i move my hands from around his neck and start dragging my fingertips down his back as he continues to kiss my neck . 
 our bodies are rocking together in time with the music , amping our growing desire to have each other here and now . 
 my whole body is tingling wherever brax touches me and it 's like he is setting all of my nerve endings on fire . 
 i 'm struggling to retain control of my longing for him and know i wo n't be able to hold back for much longer . 
 i find myself hanging off him as we dance , my legs threatening to buckle as he glides his hands down to my ass . 
 i raise my leg against his , inching my silver clad heel up his calf and purposefully rubbing my knee across his strained groin . 
 a groan rumbles through his chest as he realizes this battle of ours is all but over . 
 i put my leg back down and lean up to his ear . 
 `` i think we should find somewhere a little less public , babe , '' i whisper . 
 that 's all the push he needs as he suddenly grabs my hand , pulling us away from the crowd and towards a booth in the far back corner . 
 with everyone focused on the bar and dance floor , we are afforded the desperately needed privacy we crave . 
 when we reach the booth , i carefully slide along the leather seat which makes my skirt move up with me , revealing my lace topped black stockings and silver garter belt . 
 i watch brax and his eyes remain fixed on my legs as each inch is revealed . 
 his breathing is labored and after quickly looking round to see that we are truly alone at this end of the bar , he places a hand on the inside of my louboutin clad foot and runs it up my calf until it rests on the bare skin at the top of my thighs . 
 the heat of my body increasing the closer his hand gets to my centre . 
 `` damn , elle , you are gorgeous , '' he murmurs as he leans over to take my mouth in a ferocious kiss that tells me exactly what he wants to do . 
 `` so f ** king hot , '' he says against my lips . 
 i moan as he gently bites my bottom lip before sucking it and invading mine with his tongue , engulfing my mouth with his . 
 my hands are effectively bound behind me as i struggle to hold myself up . 
 i 'm craving him now-all i want to do is lie back and allow brax take me here and now . 
 his hand reaches the top of my thighs and he discovers that i was n't lying about my lack of underwear . 
 i giggle to myself as his eyes widen . 
 did he really not believe me ? 
 he looks down at me with an amused grin on his face . 
 `` you find my torture funny ? '' 
 `` mmm hmm , '' i whimper as he drags his hand gently against my bare centre . 
 he 's trying to take back the power and i freaking love it . 
 we 've been waiting all night for this and now that he 's finally touching me , i ca n't get enough . 
 he starts stroking between my legs , my arousal evident upon his touch . 
 i cry out into his mouth as he speeds up his movements , his kisses getting more feverish and desperate . 
 i can tell brax is starting to lose his self-control , but i 'm still shocked when he pulls me up out the booth seat and holds me close to him as he moves backwards , continuing to kiss me the whole time . 
 he reaches behind his back to open the door to the photo booth . 
 he rushes me inside and closes the door behind us , locking it quickly . 
 before i know what he 's doing , he falls to his knees in front of me , lifting my dress and putting his mouth against me . 
 i arch my back at the first touch of his tongue on my skin . 
 this is the hottest thing we 've ever done . 
 i was already feeling sexy with my dress and the lingerie , but seeing the way brax has come undone because of me is such a turn on . 
 i feel warm all over , my breathing increasing until i 'm panting and i ca n't control the whimpers that are coming out of my mouth . 
 he increases his tempo as he hooks my thigh around his shoulder , giving him access to go deeper . 
 without warning , i 'm thrown head first over the edge . 
 i bite into my hand to stifle the screams as i come apart around him . 
 before i 've had a chance to recover from my release , brax moves backwards , taking my body with him . 
 he places my foot back on the ground and sits down on the booth seat , undoing his pants at the same time as he pulls my hips down towards his lap . 
 with my back to his chest , my legs straddling his , he leans forward and impales me in one thrust . 
 `` i ca n't wait any longer to be inside you , baby , '' he whispers huskily in my ear . 
 we 've never done it this way before , but god it feels good . 
 he runs his hands around my hips , delving between the garter and my skin , adding strokes to bring me closer and higher . 
 i place my hand over his , strengthening his touch until i can barely take it anymore . 
 i turn my head to the side just enough so that my mouth can meet his as our bodies rock together . 
 with every thrust , i feel myself getting close to climax again . 
 `` come with me , baby , '' he pants as i moan into his mouth , barely noticing the flashes of the booth going off as we collapse against each other , totally spent . 
 `` i told you that you were a little minx , '' he says , opening the door and leading me out , tapping my ass as i walk past him . 
 he turns and shuts the booth door behind us , leaning down to grab the strip of photos lying in the slot . 
 i look up at him in shock and he gives me one of his sexy smirks . 
 `` souvenirs for later . '' 
 chapter eighteen i wake up in next morning feeling a little worse for wear , but as i look over and see my gorgeous girl sleeping peacefully beside me my heart feels full . 
 she amazed me last night , totally blew my socks off . 
 she is so damn sexy and the fact that we got each other so worked up that we had to have each other right there and then in the bar , blows my mind . 
 i was surprised that i was able to concentrate on anything other than her all night . 
 she looked so f ** king hot , i 'm surprised i did n't have to fend other guys off her . 
 we got home about 2 a.m. , after shay bundled us into a cab and sent us on our way . 
 he had the biggest smirk on his face , like he knew what we 'd gotten up to . . 
 as he put me in the cab i heard him mutter , `` lucky bastard , '' and i cracked up laughing . 
 i 'm guessing he saw us come out of the photo booth . 
 when we finally got home , i made sure to take my time removing and inspecting every little scrap of clothing she had been wearing , paying close attention to the gorgeous corset set she bought . 
 that is piece of lingerie that will definitely be used again-and soon . 
 she gave me another treat when we got home , taking my breath away by standing at the end of the bed , wearing nothing but the corset , stockings and heels . 
 even remembering it is making me hard . 
 i grab my phone to send shay a text . 
 i want to make sure he had a good night and got home safe . 
 brax : hey man , thanks for a great party last night . 
 we had a good time . 
 what time did you get home ? 
 a few hours have now passed with no reply from shay . 
 i decide to call the bastard . 
 if he 's ignoring me , it 'll make the call all the more enjoyable . 
 i let it ring until the dial tone sounds and try again straight away , but still no answer . 
 this is totally unlike him . 
 it does n't matter what condition we 're in , we always answer the phone . 
 i have a sinking feeling in my stomach that i ca n't ignore . 
 i decide to give him a few more hours to get back to me before i start making calls and asking questions . 
 elle wakes up to find me frowning at my phone in my hand . 
 she rolls over towards me , propping her head up with her hand . 
 `` what 's up , babe ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` shay 's not answering , '' i reply , shaking my head . 
 i ca n't explain to her exactly why i 'm getting worried , but she can tell i 'm not happy . 
 `` he 's probably just hung over , babe , give him some time to recover , '' she muses with a laugh . 
 `` nope , it 's not what we do . 
 he always answers , '' i bite back . 
 she looks shocked by my response . 
 `` well i 'm sure he is okay . 
 let 's just relax until he calls back , '' she replies quietly . 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 i know i 'm not paying full attention to elle and i 'm aware how unfair that is , but shay going offline is not what i need right now . 
 we 've got too many loose ends and questions hanging above our heads . 
 out of the corner of my eye i notice elle looking at me , i smile down at her , trying to hide my concern . 
 i do n't need her worrying too . 
 by 2 p.m. when i still have n't heard from shay , it dawns on me that something has happened . 
 this is totally out of character for him . 
 shit . 
 i was so distracted by elle last night i did n't even think about the job . 
 for one night i wanted to feel normal , i wanted to have a great night out with the love of my life and my best friend . 
 i pull out my laptop and dial in to our secure server to check shay 's gps location . 
 the one thing shay and i are mindful of is the use of technology to make our jobs easier . 
 having gps trackers on our cars and phones is just one of the things we use . 
 checking the system , i see that his cell phone has not moved for over twelve hours . 
 it is showing as being in the parking lot opposite stages bar . 
 i quickly grab my phone and look up the bar 's phone number before dialing . 
 when the manager answers , i ask what time shay left . 
 he tells me that everybody was out at 3 a.m. when he locked up . 
 dammit , shay ! 
 rule number one is never put your phone out of reach , he knows that . 
 i still do n't understand why his phone is still in the parking lot-maybe he fell asleep in his car . 
 i look back at my computer to trace shay 's car . 
 i stare at the screen in shock when i see his car is in boston-that ca n't be right . 
 i remember when we left shay at the bar , he told me he was heading back inside to rejoin the celebration . 
 he seemed happy and slightly drunk , but still aware of where he was and what he was doing . 
 i 'm busy looking up exactly where in boston his car is when i hear the shrill of my phone , telling me that i have a new message . 
 i grab my phone , hoping its shay texting me back to tell me he is fine . 
 unknown : you lost track of your boy , braxton . 
 silly thing to do . 
 brax : tell me where he is . 
 unknown : daddy thought you needed to be taught a lesson in respect . 
 brax : fuck respect , call me now ! 
 my phone rings and i know who it is before i even answer . 
 `` braxton , '' he says smugly . 
 `` where the f ** k is shay ? '' 
 i yell down the phone . 
 elle is in the shower so i know she ca n't hear me , but right now i do n't care . 
 right now i 'm lacking the patience to deal with this and cover my ass with her . 
 `` now , now , boy . 
 he 's fine . 
 he 's just sleeping off a rather hard night , '' he replies with a chuckle . 
 damn , i could throttle him right now ! 
 `` like hell he is . 
 why is his car in boston ? '' 
 i demand . 
 i 'm seething and getting more and more annoyed as the seconds tick by . 
 `` i see you 're using that smart mind of yours . 
 good to hear , my boy . 
 i needed to send a message to you . 
 i did tell you to keep your nose out of it , remember ? '' 
 `` i 'm not your boy and you know damn well that shay has nothing to do with you and me . 
 you better let him go before this shit starts getting serious , '' i tell him . 
 `` brax , you listen to me , '' he scolds . 
 `` this shit is already serious . 
 you do n't know what or who you 're dealing with . 
 i 've been looking into what your friend brimstone has been up to , and he is more dangerous that you think . 
 you are too wrapped up in your girl and you dropped the ball . 
 this is all on you . '' 
 dammit . 
 how on earth am i related to this monster ? 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i demand . 
 `` i want you two to work for me , and i want you to stay out of the girl 's business . 
 even better , stay away from the girl , '' he says , his voice low and serious now . 
 `` ai n't going to happen , pops . 
 i 'm not leaving her and i told you a long time ago , i 'd rather die than work for you , '' i reply , realizing that this was evans game plan all along . 
 `` well well , i think it 's time you rethink your priorities , do n't you ? 
 girls come and go , but you and shay are few and far between , do n't you agree ? '' 
 i punch the coffee table , the force reverberating through my arm . 
 `` well , i 'll leave you to ponder that . 
 shay will be back before you know it , '' he says before hanging up on me . 
 i run my fingers through my hair . 
 what do i do now ? 
 i walk out of the bedroom after my shower to find brax pacing in the living room . 
 this is starting to become a common occurrence . 
 `` what 's wrong , babe ? '' 
 i ask , walking towards him . 
 `` everything 's going wrong , '' he murmurs quietly . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i ask , getting worried he is talking about our relationship . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` nothing hon , you do n't need to worry about me . 
 you look beautiful , by the way . 
 have i told you that today ? '' 
 he says , a clear attempt to change the subject . 
 i eye him suspiciously . 
 i know something is wrong and i know he 's trying to protect me from the truth . 
 i suddenly have a horrifying thought . 
 `` has ... has there been another note ? '' 
 i ask , my voice shaky . 
 `` oh , no . 
 no elle . 
 nothing like that , i swear , '' he answers , pulling me into his chest as he embraces me . 
 i instantly relax at the closeness . 
 i feel cocooned in his arms , like nothing can touch me when he 's with me . 
 fuck ! 
 this whole situation is a shit fight . 
 what the hell happened last night ? 
 i remember seeing b and elle off in a taxi and then heading back inside to finish off the party . 
 i remember i was the last to leave the bar and was walking towards my car . 
 i 'd been careful not to drink because i knew brax was drinking and the agreement is that one of us always stays sober . 
 now i 'm in a concrete room somewhere , on a dingy mattress on the floor . 
 i sit up , rubbing my sore head and searching for any clue as to where i am . 
 i hear a voice on the other side of the door and although i recognize it , i ca n't pinpoint exactly who it is . 
 i scan my mind for who it might be , but i 'm distracted by my pounding headache . 
 i rub the back of my head and feel an all too familiar bump . 
 damn them , they knocked me out . 
 it all starts coming back to me . 
 i remember heading towards my car with my keys in hand , ready to unlock the door when everything went black . 
 they must have knocked me out . 
 they better wish they were dead once i get out of here . 
 i think of brax , he 'll know something is up by now . 
 he would have tracked me by my phone . 
 shit ! 
 where is my phone ? 
 i check my pockets , but i ca n't find it . 
 they must have taken it , or chucked it . 
 hopefully he can still track my car , but that will only work if they moved me in my car . 
 dammit , i need to get to a phone , anywhere , as long as it 's away from these idiots . 
 i hear the voice again , he must be on the phone . 
 `` brax , you listen to me . '' 
 i know who it is now , it 's evans . 
 i knew he 'd do something soon , he 's been getting antsy . 
 ever since brax went to see him at the warehouse i know he 's been watching us closely . 
 i 'm not stupid . 
 i know he wants us to work for him , he even offered me a cool hundred grand for us to work for him , but i know brax will never let that happen and no amount of money in the world could make me betray him . 
 he has never hated anyone as much as he hates evans . 
 there is too much family history there that will never change the way he feels him , even if he is blood . 
 `` frankie , get shay out of there , i want to speak to him , '' i hear evans bellow at one of his men . 
 sure enough , the metal door to the room i 'm in starts shakes as it is being unlocked and a disheveled looking teenager comes in with a gun pointed at me . 
 `` up on your feet , '' he demands . 
 i 'm not stupid . 
 i have a gun pointed to my head . 
 even if the guy holding it is shaking like a leaf , you never take on a guy with a gun . 
 not without having some advantage , anyway . 
 i jump to my feet , making the boy flinch . 
 i ca n't help but grin at him . 
 he 's in way over his head here and he knows it . 
 he points to the door and walks behind me . 
 i walk out the door , taking note of the hallway i 'm being led down , how many doors are off it , whether there are any fire alarms or signs on the doors , and any exits i could take . 
 he leads me towards a door at the end of the hallway . 
 opening it up , i see evans and a couple of his henchman sitting behind a desk , the slimy grin on evans ' face tells me that he thinks he 's done well with this little stunt . 
 `` shay , nice of you to join us . 
 have a good sleep ? '' 
 he says with a chuckle . 
 i clench my fists at my side . 
 damn , this man grates me like no other . 
 `` have fun knocking me out ? '' 
 i retort , looking him straight in the eye . 
 `` yeah , sorry about that . 
 par for the course '' he says . 
 he pauses , like he 's pondering his next move . 
 `` i 've spoken to brax this morning , he knows i 've got you and he even knows where we are . 
 but there is no need for him to come all the way up here now , i think i 've gotten the message across . 
 you 're free to go . '' 
 what ? 
 just like that . 
 something is n't right here ; this is all seeming a bit too easy . 
 `` just like that ? '' 
 i scoff . 
 `` you gave me a sore back from sleeping on a hard ass mattress and a killer headache for a stupid message ? '' 
 they all start laughing , but evans goes dead serious all of a sudden . 
 `` yes shay , just like that . 
 you 've served your purpose , now you are free to go . 
 just pass on my regards to my son , '' he adds . 
 `` he 's not your son , you gave up that right , '' i say spitefully before turning towards the door . 
 i 'm not stupid , and i 'm definitely not sticking around this shithole any longer . 
 i back away towards the door , shutting it behind me . 
 walking down the hallway , i try every closed door until i find the exit . 
 i walk out into daylight , my eyes taking a few minutes to adjust after being stuck in the dark for so long . 
 sure enough , in front of the door is my car with my keys in the ignition . 
 i jump in and start the car , skidding out of the parking lot and heading in the first direction i choose . 
 i know i need to find a payphone and call brax as soon as possible . 
 it 's 3 p.m. and there is still no word from shay . 
 i have a bad feeling that evans did this just for fun , it 's his sick way of sending me a message about working for him . 
 he knows that 'll never happen . 
 in fact , he 'll be rotting in hell well before i even contemplate the idea . 
 my phone rings and i jump to my feet to answer it . 
 elle sits up straight away . 
 she 's busy studying beside me on the couch , but i could n't concentrate on my textbook . 
 my mind is too busy elsewhere . 
 i look at the caller id and see that it 's from a blocked number again . 
 `` shay ? '' 
 i answer . 
 `` yeah , bro . 
 can you talk ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i look at elle and nod to her so she knows it is shay and that he 's okay before i disappear into the bedroom . 
 `` yeah , man . 
 i can now . 
 what the f ** k happened ? '' 
 `` evans decided to send us a message in his sick f ** ked up way . 
 i 've got a sore head but that 's all they did , '' he explains . 
 `` thank god for that , '' i say , relieved . 
 `` i should n't have left until you were safe in your car . '' 
 `` it 's okay , b. i 'm fine . 
 i 've figured out where i am now so i 'm going to start driving back . 
 should take me about four hours to get back , then i need to go find my phone . 
 i do n't have a clue where it is . '' 
 `` does n't matter , bro , you 're fine now . 
 so the message was all about me leaving elle alone and us working for him ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he laughs . 
 `` seems that way , but f ** k knows . 
 i did n't hear anything until i heard him yelling at you on the phone . '' 
 `` dammit , sorry bro . 
 i did n't want you brought into this shit . '' 
 `` brax , i 've got your back always . 
 okay ? 
 you know that and i know you 've got mine . 
 we 're sweet , '' he adds . 
 `` okay , well can you pop round when you get back ? 
 elle 's worried about you . 
 she just knows you disappeared , nothing else , obviously , '' i explain carefully . 
 `` yeah , bro . 
 see you soon . '' 
 `` and go pick up a burner phone somewhere . 
 your phone is lying in the parking lot across the road from the bar . 
 did they chuck it ? '' 
 `` they must have . 
 it 's all good , i 'll get a burner and go collect mine after i 've seen you , '' he adds before hanging up . 
 chapter nineteen i hear the bedroom door open and brax walks back into the living room towards me . 
 he leans over and gives me a soft kiss on the lips and presses his forehead to mine , wrapping his hands around my neck . 
 `` he 's okay , '' he whispers . 
 `` oh , brax , i told you he would be , '' i reply as i jump to my feet and embrace him . 
 i can feel him relaxing into my arms . 
 it 's a strange feeling , me being the one to comfort him for once , but i like it . 
 i know this is the perfect opportunity to find out what happened . 
 `` so , where was he ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` uh ... he ended up in boston of all places , '' he says with a grimace . 
 boston ? 
 that 's , like , three hours away from here . 
 `` why did he go there ? '' 
 i inquire , still trying to work out the situation in my head . 
 `` to see his old girlfriend apparently , but he was so tired by the time he got there that he just crashed out in his car and rang me as soon as he woke up . '' 
 `` right , '' i say , not buying the story . 
 shay does n't seem the type of guy to drive for three hours in the middle of the night just for sex with an old girlfriend . 
 god , at the bar last night there were more than enough candidates for a one night stand . 
 `` now that he 's woken up , he 's heading back . 
 is it okay if he calls by on his way home ? 
 i said you were worried about him . '' 
 `` yeah , it 'll be nice to see he 's okay , especially after you were so worried , '' i say quietly , noticing a frown forming on brax 's face . 
 `` what 's wrong , babe ? '' 
 `` it 's nothing , sweetheart , do n't worry your pretty little head about it , '' he says , giving me a quick kiss before grabbing his bag . 
 `` now that it 's all sorted , i should really head over to the library to look up some reference material for my management class . 
 shay also thinks he dropped his phone in the parking lot near the bar , so he asked if i could go have a look . 
 `` okay . 
 will you be home for dinner ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` definitely , darlin , '' i hear him say from the hallway . 
 i sit back down on the couch and smile at brax . 
 i love the way he drawls when he says darlin ' . 
 now that i have time to think , i 'm wondering why shay ended up in boston . 
 when we left the bar last night he said he was going back inside to help clean up then go home . 
 something does n't seem to add up . 
 i 'm left pondering it while i pick up my english literature textbook and continue studying . 
 i hate lying to elle , but i have to get out of the apartment to sort my head out . 
 with everything going on , shay missing for twelve hours was the last straw . 
 i dropped the ball last night . 
 one of us always stays sober , which was why shay did n't drink much last night , but i was so caught up in elle that i did n't think twice about leaving him alone at the bar . 
 dammit ! 
 i punch my dash . 
 i would never have forgiven myself had he been hurt , especially by my f ** k up of a father . 
 until i see him tonight , i wo n't know exactly what they did to him . 
 knowing what evans ' men are like , i 'd say he 's been roughed up at the very least . 
 my first instinct is to ring evans and have a go at him , but he 's probably changed phone numbers by now anyway . 
 he does n't trust anyone so he goes through burner phones like he changes underwear , that is why his number is always unknown . 
 even i ca n't track him half the time . 
 i just send a message through to his office and he always seems to have the time to call me straight back . 
 i drive around for a while , listening to old school rock in my car while i try to clear my head . 
 when shay gets back at least i 'll have a better idea of what happened . 
 i do n't believe for a second that he was taken all the way to boston just because daddy dearest wants us to work for him . 
 he was sending another message , i just ca n't work out what that is . 
 are we getting too close ? 
 are we all at risk now ? 
 for all his faults , i know evans would never stand by and let me be killed . 
 beaten , yes , but given that i 'm one of only two sons he has , i know i 'm safe when it comes to him . 
 maybe he knows something about brimstone 's plans for elle and , if he does , then how is he able to track us . 
 i 'm starting to think that we might have a rat in the organization . 
 i decide to bypass gibbons and call the big boss directly . 
 `` boss ? 
 it 's brax . 
 can you talk securely ? '' 
 i ask when he answers . 
 `` yes , brax . 
 for what do i owe the pleasure ? '' 
 he replies in his low monotone voice . 
 the boss is not one to show emotion very often , it helps with the persona . 
 `` i think we might have a problem , '' i explain . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` shay was kidnapped by evans overnight . '' 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 he says , the anger in his voice is palpable . 
 `` yup , evans had his goons grab shay as he was leaving the bar last night and i did n't hear about it until i got a text from evans himself this afternoon , '' i explain . 
 `` at the very least , the gps in his phone or car should have been tagged when he was taken . 
 why was n't i called ? '' 
 i ask , getting angry the more i think about it . 
 `` good question , brax . 
 better still , why were n't you with him ? '' 
 he asks sternly . 
 `` i was distracted , sir , '' i say solemnly . 
 `` i see . 
 the girl again , was it ? 
 i warned you about this , brax , '' he scolds . 
 `` yes , boss , but it ca n't be helped . 
 shay and i kept to our normal protocol so he was n't drinking much last night . 
 but that 's not the biggest problem-why was n't shay 's gps tagged when it moved out of the area ? 
 we always check in with hq . '' 
 `` yes , i know . 
 gibbons was on the night shift last night , he does n't usually miss something like this , '' he notes . 
 `` well , i 'm a little spooked now . 
 given that despite all security measures being in place , shay was still taken . '' 
 `` yes , brax . 
 i 'm not happy about it at all and will be investigating '' he states in his ' i mean business ' voice . 
 `` you can understand why i 'd rather just deal with you now , though . 
 i do n't trust anyone else right now . '' 
 i hope like hell the chance i 'm taking is the right one . 
 `` brax , i 'll always have your back , you know that . 
 what did evans want ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` daddy dearest wants us to work for him . 
 apparently this was his way of getting that message across , but i 'm not buying it . '' 
 `` nope , the fact that evans wants you by his side is no secret brax , and you know why . 
 lucky for you , i know where your loyalty lies so i 'm not worried . 
 do i have reason to be ? '' 
 `` not at all . 
 you know my opinion of evans , and you and shay are the only one who know exactly why . 
 i 'm also curious why it 's taking so long to get intel back from gibbons about the two notes elle has been sent ? '' 
 `` really ? 
 now that 's interesting because he assured me he had reported back to you . 
 there was no evidence on them . 
 we ca n't link them to brimstone or evans , or anybody else for that matter . 
 they 're clean , '' he informs me . 
 i suddenly have a sick feeling in my gut . 
 why is gibbons lying to the boss ? 
 `` okay , boss man . 
 i 'll leave you to sort it out with gibbons , but i might just contact you directly if anything new comes up , all good ? '' 
 `` sure thing , brax , and might this be a lesson to you . 
 focus on the job a little more , girls come and go . '' 
 i hear the line go dead in my ear . 
 the boss has always had a way with words . 
 he obviously has n't met elle before otherwise he would know that it is impossible not to get distracted by her . 
 she is not someone you easily forget . 
 i know that i 'll never want to forget her . 
 i want her forever . 
 i 'm knee deep in my english literature paper when i hear a knock at the door . 
 looking through the peephole , i see a delivery man on the other side . 
 i open the door and he 's holding a thick yellow envelope in his hand , addressed to me . 
 i sign for it and he hands it over , wishing me a good day as he heads back down the stairs . 
 i 'm not expecting any documents to be delivered , but it 's highly possible that lawrence , my lawyer , forgot to tell me . 
 he is usually the only one who sends tracked mail to me . 
 i put the envelope on the kitchen counter and go to top up my coffee . 
 i 'll just wait until lawrence contacts me , then i 'll open the envelope . 
 no doubt it is probably just some documents to sign for my portfolio or my trust fund . 
 checking my phone , i see that it 's been a couple of hours and i have n't heard from brax yet . 
 he seemed really strange when he left home , like he was mad about something . 
 we normally message each other when we 're out , so i hope he 's okay . 
 as soon as i put my phone back down i hear a beep , letting me know i have a new text message . 
 expecting it to be brax , i have a huge smile on my face as i open the new message . 
 unknown : hope you like your delivery , elise . 
 my smile instantly fades when i open the message . 
 this is weird . 
 if it was lawrence , he would simply call me , and i have his number programmed into my phone anyway . 
 i decide to reply . 
 elle : who is this ? 
 unknown : your nightmare come true . 
 i drop my phone . 
 what the hell ? 
 there is no way i 'm opening that envelope now , especially when brax is n't here . 
 i should n't have accepted the delivery without knowing who it was from . 
 i send a text to brax while i 'm walking around the apartment , checking that all my windows are latched and my front door is locked . 
 i 'm feeling really uncomfortable in my own home now and it 's the last thing i wanted . 
 i 'm supposed to feel safe here . 
 elle : hey , babe . 
 what time you heading home ? 
 brax : just packing up now , what 's up ? 
 elle : i 'm okay . 
 just missing you xxx ooo knowing brax is on his way home , i start to relax a bit . 
 i can explain to him all about the envelope when he gets home , maybe he 'll know what to do with it . 
 i did n't want to tell him via text , just in case he was busy doing something . 
 i know he would drop everything to get home to me if he knew and i do n't want him to have to do that . 
 i sit back on the couch and try to calm myself down , but i ca n't seem to stop staring at the yellow envelope on the counter . 
 i check my watch again . 
 i hope he gets home soon . 
 about twenty minutes later , i hear brax at the door . 
 i jump up and open the door for him , almost crushing him in a huge hug . 
 `` whoa , babe . 
 i missed you too '' he mumbles as he tries to catch his breath back while holding me up . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should 've told you sooner , but a delivery man brought around an envelope when you were gone and i signed for it without thinking because i thought it would just be documents from my lawyer , '' i explain , talking way too fast but my voice getting shakier with each word . 
 he puts his hand on my head , pulling me tight into his chest as he talks . 
 `` babe , calm down . 
 i 'm home now . 
 now slow down and tell me what happened . '' 
 i take a deep breath , trying to settle my heart rate , but it 's not working . 
 `` i had documents delivered to me by a ups man , so i signed for it and he left . 
 then i got a text message from an unknown number saying how they hope i enjoy my delivery , so i messaged the number back asking who it was , and they replied with this . '' 
 i show him the last text message i received . 
 he tenses up immediately then gently pushes me away from him , before storming into the kitchen and grabbing the envelope . 
 i rush after him and put my arm on his to stop him . 
 `` are you sure we should n't just go to the police , hon ? '' 
 `` nope , i 'll handle it , '' he says gruffly . 
 `` i 'm sick of this shit happening to us , '' he grumbles under his breath , grabbing a knife from the kitchen drawer and carefully opening the envelope , making sure it does n't get ripped . 
 he looks inside first before pouring the contents onto the bench . 
 a folded piece of paper and an old newspaper cutting fall out . 
 i take a step closer to have a look with him , he reaches down and takes one of my hands in his , entwining our fingers and holding on tightly . 
 he 's letting me know that he 's here with me , whatever we find . 
 he grabs a dish towel and uses it to open up the newspaper cutting . 
 it is dated four years ago , reporting the murder of my parents and sister . 
 a sob escapes from my mouth the moment i see the faded family photo in the clipping . 
 the media were given that photo by the brightlight public relations department after the murders occurred . 
 it was plastered everywhere i went , it was like a graphic reminder of everything i had lost . 
 seeing the photo again now is just as hard as it was back then . 
 i feel brax put his arm around my shoulders , holding me close . 
 i wrap my hands around his waist , unable to control the tears as they start falling . 
 i feel him reach for the note while he holds me . 
 he curses under his breath when he reads what it says . 
 `` w-w-what does it say ? '' 
 i stutter . 
 all of a sudden he folds the note up and carefully puts it back inside the envelope with the newspaper clipping . 
 `` sweetheart , i do n't think you need to see this . '' 
 hearing the angry tone in his voice , i lift my head up from his chest to look up at him . 
 `` yes i do , brax . 
 i need to see everything . '' 
 i feel his whole body shudder at my demand . 
 `` okay , but i do n't know what it means . 
 maybe you will . '' 
 i look at the letter which brax has pulled back out and opened up on the bench . 
 i gasp in shock as i start to read it . 
 `` you should have died with your family . '' 
 it 's all i manage to read before my eyes roll back and i 'm suddenly swallowed up by darkness . 
 `` elle ? '' 
 `` elise ? '' 
 `` baby , can you hear me ? '' 
 i ask , trying to rouse her . 
 she fainted after reading the first line of the note . 
 what kind of sicko are we dealing with here ? 
 obviously someone who gets their kicks from scaring innocent people half to death ! 
 this goes way past what we were expecting from brimstone or even evans . 
 the threat against elle has just reached a whole new level of danger . 
 luckily , i manage to catch her before she falls to the floor and quickly carry her into our bedroom , placing her on our bed . 
 i 'm starting to worry . 
 it has been a couple of minutes and she still has n't come to . 
 i give her a light shake again and i hear her moan my name . 
 thank god ! 
 `` elle , i 'm here . 
 you fainted , sweetheart . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 i ask , cupping her cheek and gently rubbing her hair away from her face as she slowly regains her focus . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she groggily asks . 
 `` you fainted . 
 you read the note and fainted . 
 you had me so worried . '' 
 `` the note ! '' 
 she yells , sitting up straight on the bed . 
 she looks to me and suddenly starts shaking again . 
 `` baby shh , calm down . '' 
 i move her into my lap , try to placate her . 
 she burrows into my chest , wrapping her arms around me as i stroke her back . 
 she looks up at me . 
 `` who would send that ? '' 
 her eyes are begging me for an answer which is the only thing i ca n't give her right now . 
 `` i do n't know but i 'm going to damn well find out , hon. this has to stop , '' i say quietly . 
 i lie her down and crawl into bed beside her , moving in close and curling my body around hers . 
 we lie like that for a long time , just holding each other , right now it is the only way to comfort her that i can think of . 
 i feel totally helpless for the first time in my life and i hate it . 
 i need shay to hurry up so i can talk to him . 
 these threats against elle are escalating . 
 whoever is doing all of this obviously knows her cell number and address , and knows how not to be tracked . 
 this means they 've done it before , or else they 're very smart . 
 for all i know , the f ** ker could 've been posing as the delivery man , just to get his kicks . 
 where is shay when i need him ? 
 i 'm on my way back from boston . 
 i sent a text to brax with my new cell number just before i started heading home and i 've made it about halfway back so far . 
 i hear a text come through on the burner phone , knowing it 'll be brax since he 's the only one with this new number . 
 i pull over at the next rest area to see what he wants . 
 brax : another note and a newspaper article were sent to our apartment along with anonymous text . 
 elle was so upset she fainted . 
 shay : shit . 
 who would do that ? 
 brimstone or evans ? 
 black honda guy ? 
 take your pick . 
 what did the note say ? 
 brax : `` you should 've died with your family '' and had a newspaper cutting of when her family died . 
 shay : shit , and she saw it ? 
 brax : yup . 
 the psycho had it delivered to our door . 
 shay : she okay ? 
 brax : shaken up , but better now . 
 she just blacked out right in front me after reading it . 
 scared the shit out of me . 
 shay : i 'm about an hour away . 
 i 'll swing by as soon as i get back . 
 will make calls , check movements etc. . 
 brax : thanks , bro . 
 i appreciate it . 
 dammit . 
 it ca n't be a coincidence that this happens when i 'm out of state . 
 i highly doubt it . 
 i 'm starting to think that we 're being watched just as much as elle is . 
 it 's almost as if somebody knew i was n't watching the apartment today . 
 as much as i do n't want to consider it , i 'm starting to smell a rat and brax will be , too . 
 we 've both had a bad feeling about this whole situation for a while , but now it seems like a real possibility that someone is double crossing us . 
 i start thinking about what has happened over the past few weeks . 
 my gps was n't tagged going out of state this morning . 
 i know this because evans ' men would n't have gotten me to boston unnoticed if it had . 
 brax was n't notified as per protocol , and now this note arrives . 
 we have n't even heard back whether anything could be found on the previous two notes , either . 
 my gut instinct is that these notes have evans ' name written all over them , but today he was busy entertaining me . 
 brimstone ? 
 by all accounts he is pretty mad right now that elle wo n't sell the company to him , but would he stoop this low ? 
 would he try to scare her in her own home ? 
 maybe mr brimstone needs some further investigating . 
 i pull over and make a call to my la contact , asking him to start digging into harry brimstone 's financial status , former business contacts and history . 
 if there is any connection between brimstone and another person of interest in this case , brax and i need to know about it . 
 i want to know everything about the guy so that we know exactly who and what we are dealing with . 
 we know he 's connected to evans somehow , but that does n't explain how he 's getting his information about us . 
 i speed up as i head back towards brax and elle 's apartment . 
 i need to see brax . 
 chapter twenty shortly after 7 p.m. brax gets up and orders some takeout for us . 
 i get out of bed and curl up on the couch with a blanket . 
 he had to pop out to pick it up so we have locked the building up to help me feel safe while he is gone . 
 after the package and the text message , i 'm frightened and do n't want to be left alone , but brax felt that i should stay home on the couch , especially after fainting earlier . 
 despite the events in my past i 've never felt scared about anything in my life , until now . 
 alone , yes . 
 sad , yes . 
 but never scared . 
 there has never been a reason to be wary of anything , but right now i 'm scared shitless . 
 it seems there is a man out there that wants to hurt me . 
 he knows where i live and somehow knows my cell number . 
 the biggest fear i have is that brax will get hurt , or leave , or decide that i 'm too much of a burden . 
 i 'm trying not to be needy , to appear independent and strong , but the last few weeks have worn me down . 
 the only good thing has been that the creepy guy in the black honda has n't been back . 
 maybe by confronting him and seeing him-by looking directly into his cold grey eyes-he has gotten the message that i wo n't back down . 
 i hear my phone beep , jumping me out of my thoughts . 
 i grab it and see a text . 
 unknown : it 's shay . 
 let me in , darlin ' . 
 elle : only cause it 's you . 
 i push the door release button by my front door and lie back down . 
 a few moments later i hear shay come in , sighing when he sees me curled up on the couch . 
 he sits down on the edge beside me and i sit up and hug him . 
 i ca n't stop the tears from falling all over again . 
 he wraps his arms around me and holds me tight . 
 brax told me that shay knows about the package and the text messages . 
 he wanted to tell shay in case he could help us in some way . 
 i do n't know how he 'd be able to help us , but right now i 'm so freaked out about someone wanting to kill me that i honestly do n't care who knows . 
 he murmurs in my hair about being safe and how they wo n't let anyone hurt me ever again . 
 sometimes he reminds me so much of brax . 
 `` you okay , sunshine ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm alright , '' i reply with a small smile . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're back , though . 
 brax was going insane . '' 
 he cracks up laughing . 
 `` brax can be like a controlling parent sometimes . 
 he must know where i am at all times . '' 
 we both start laughing at that . 
 brax is overprotective , but i 've always found it endearing . 
 `` what happened to your eye ? '' 
 i ask , noticing shay has a blackened eye . 
 `` i got lippy with someone and this was their way of replying , '' he says with a chuckle . 
 i get off the couch and start walking towards the kitchen . 
 `` i 'll get you an ice pack for it . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 when 's brax getting back ? 
 i 'm starving , '' he says , making himself comfortable on the couch . 
 `` do you ever stop eating , shay ? '' 
 i ask with a grin , as brax walks in with two bags full of food . 
 `` oh , brax , you know your way into my heart . 
 a man bearing food is just what i always wanted , '' shay says , holding his hands to his heart in jest . 
 brax just grins at him as he puts the food down on the counter . 
 i pull out three plates and soon enough , we 're all sitting in the living room , watching some mindless reality show about strangers put into a house to live together . 
 i catch a couple of weird looks being exchanged between brax and shay , but figure it 's just their way of communicating . 
 about an hour later , the day 's events take their toll and i start feeling really tired . 
 `` i 'm going to head to bed , babe , see you in there , '' i say , bending down to give brax a kiss . 
 `` bye , shay . 
 thanks for coming over , '' i say , roughing up his hair with my hand as i walk past , earning a chuckle . 
 i walk into our bedroom and take my clothes off . 
 i get changed into my tank top and pajama shorts before pulling back the covers and settling into bed . 
 as soon as my head hits the pillow i 'm out for the count , dreaming of dance floors , showers , and photo booths . 
 i know it is safe to talk when i check on elle and find her sound asleep . 
 stressful days will do that to you . 
 `` okay , man . 
 any idea what the hell is going on ? '' 
 i ask shay as i walk back into the living room . 
 `` i 've been thinking about that ever since you called me . 
 we can narrow it down to three people , evans , brimstone , and the guy in the black honda . 
 evans was busy with me in boston , although it 's not totally implausible . 
 he has enough minions to do his dirty work if required . '' 
 `` yeah , and he wants us to be his new ones , remember ? '' 
 i add , seeing shay shake his head in disgust . 
 `` he may be your father , bro , but that 'll never happen , '' he says strongly . 
 `` you do n't need to tell me that . 
 i escaped him before , i 'll escape him again . '' 
 i promised myself when i joined the army that i would never stoop so low as to work for evans . 
 having a criminal mastermind and corrupt cop as a father is not something i 'd wish on anyone . 
 we share blood , but that is the only thing similar between michael evans and myself . 
 oh , and a half-brother down in charlotte that i have n't spoken to in over eight years . 
 `` well , we know brimstone is pissed off that elle wo n't sell brightlight to him and that was always the number one reason she was in danger to begin with . 
 her decision could 've been the catalyst for him to step up his game . '' 
 `` and as for the black honda guy , i 've have n't seen anything suspicious for a while , but he is the unknown entity . 
 we know nothing about him , we ca n't even id him , '' he recalls , `` so i think we need to focus on brimstone at this point . 
 i called lamar in la and he is checking into brimstone . 
 i want to know everything there is to know , especially to see if any info was missing from the file gibbons gave us . '' 
 `` good point . 
 it 'll be interested to see if he 's met with anyone of interest . 
 i 'm sure if he 's planning something , he would 've slipped up somewhere , '' i add , seeing shay nod in agreement . 
 `` but like evans , brimstone does n't do his own grunt work . 
 i 'll have to get lamar to try and get one of his underlings to flip on him . 
 it 'll give us a far better position that where we are now . '' 
 i ponder that option . 
 `` that would seal it for us , but i do n't see that happening any time soon . 
 i do n't know what to do about elle , though . 
 i ca n't be with her all the time and keep up with my classes and work the case . '' 
 `` i 'll cover her when you ca n't , you know that . 
 she 's like a sister to me now , i wo n't let anything happen to her , '' shay says emphatically . 
 `` i feel so bad that i left you at the bar alone , man . 
 i lost focus . 
 she was all i was thinking about last night . '' 
 i 'm frowning now , i have n't been able to let go of the guilt all afternoon . 
 i 'm disappointed in myself , shay should never have been left there alone . 
 then there is the fact that evans is my problem , not shays . 
 `` b , it 's okay . 
 we agreed that you had the night off . 
 god knows you guys needed it , especially after what 's been happening around here . 
 i probably did n't need to see what went on before you went into the booth , but oh well . 
 lucky your girl 's hot , aye ? '' 
 he replies with a cheeky grin . 
 i know he 's ribbing me , but damn if he does n't know the right buttons to push . 
 `` pervert ! '' 
 `` you know it ! '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` i talked to the boss this afternoon . '' 
 `` gibbons ? '' 
 he asks with a weird look on his face . 
 i have n't told him about my suspicions yet . 
 i frown . 
 `` nope , the big boss . 
 he 's not too happy that your gps was n't tagged leaving the state . 
 nor was he happy that i dropped the ball and was n't with you . '' 
 `` it 's not your fault , brax . 
 i 'm a grown man and i said you had the night off . 
 it was me that sent you home in that cab , remember ? '' 
 he says , getting agitated . 
 `` but as for the gps , i was wondering the same thing . 
 they knocked me out and moved me in my own car . 
 it should 've been flagged straight away . '' 
 `` yeah , i told the boss i should 've been called . 
 as soon as i realized you were missing , i checked your gps straight away . 
 it did n't take me long to work it out . '' 
 i can tell shay does n't like the conclusion he is drawing . 
 `` who was on last night , b ? '' 
 `` gibbons . '' 
 the name of the one person we never thought we 'd ever have to doubt . 
 i can see that he 's just as disturbed about this as i am . 
 hq is supposed to have our back . 
 `` shit , '' shay says when he realizes what that means . 
 `` hey , boss . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 i ask as he walks into the control room . 
 `` you tell me , gibbons . 
 shay was kidnapped last night , his car taken out of state with him in it , and somehow it was n't tagged ? '' 
 he says , getting angrier the more he talks . 
 `` oh , shit . 
 is he okay ? '' 
 i ask , trying to keep my face as blank as possible . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 brax tracked him as soon as he realized he was missing and evans let him go unscathed . 
 it seems evans just wanted to send a little message to brax . '' 
 `` i 'm glad he 's okay . 
 not sure why the gps did n't get picked up , but i 'll follow up with leo . 
 he was on with me last night , '' i explain , desperately thinking of ways to get out of this . 
 `` it 's on you , gibbons . 
 fix it , '' he says sternly before turning around and storming back into his office . 
 damn brax , bringing heat down on me again . 
 maybe harry is right . 
 it 's time brax learns a lesson in respect . 
 `` i 'm taking my break , '' i say to george , the newbie working the control room with me , as i rise to my feet and grab my burner phone . 
 i walk outside and put the phone to my ear , dialing the number i have now memorized . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` it 's me . 
 we need to start things moving along . 
 i 'm getting heat at work , '' i explain . 
 `` okay , well do it then , '' he states grumpily . 
 `` i need to know our deal is still on the table . '' 
 i 'm getting eager now . 
 this deal will set me up for life . 
 no more working for the grumpy ass ** le anymore . 
 `` yup , the deal is set in stone , my friend , '' he replies . 
 `` okay , so we 're pulling brax out ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` sooner the better . 
 then i can move in and talk her round . '' 
 `` ha ha . 
 yeah , change her mind . 
 i did n't think you 'd be talking to her ? 
 thought actions speak louder than words in your business ? '' 
 i say as he hangs up in my ear . 
 i go back inside to start making preparations . 
 i need to work on getting brax and shay out of there without suspicion , giving them no choice . 
 it 's going to take some time , but i ca n't afford to have them questioning me , especially when i 'm so close to getting what i so desperately need . 
 we need to get elle alone . 
 chapter twenty-one one month later `` elle ? '' 
 i call out , putting my messenger bag down on the couch as i walk through the door . 
 i 've been in class all day and all i want to do is see my girl and relax . 
 i find her lying on her stomach sideways across the bed , reading a book . 
 i stand in the doorway and watch her as she remains blissfully unaware of everything going on around her . 
 i wish i could keep her that way forever . 
 it 's been eight months since i met elle and my life has changed forever . 
 i never envisioned myself being in a loving relationship and being this happy with someone . 
 i never believed in it before , but elle is my soul mate . 
 i ca n't imagine her not being in my life . 
 she is radiant , the darkness that surrounded her for so long is now a thing of the past . 
 after pushing my way into her life , and doing everything i could to break down her walls , i finally got that spark of hers to catch alight and i 'll do everything in my power to make sure that her fire never goes out again . 
 in the past month , shay and i have intercepted two more threatening notes left in her mailbox . 
 one of them even contained an old soft toy with a note stating that the wrong sister died . 
 we ca n't link them to anyone and whoever is sending them is being super careful not to leave any trace of themselves on the notes or even the envelopes they are sent in . 
 all of the notes have even looked different . 
 shay has spent hours watching the apartment building , keeping an eye out for anybody out of the ordinary hanging around or leaving mail , but we just have n't caught a break . 
 our contact in los angeles has not been able to find any more dirt on brimstone and we have n't been able to flip any of his staff members either . 
 i still go straight through the boss man with my information updates , bypassing gibbons wherever possible . 
 after shay was taken to boston and gibbons missed it , both shay and i decided that we ca n't trust him . 
 but , because he is still our supervisor , we have to report in to him now and then . 
 we have just been withholding any detailed information . 
 i stand and watch elle , smiling when she starts fidgeting and tapping her toes against the bed . 
 she 's concentrating on the book and looks so damn cute while she does it . 
 i quietly walk up to her feet and run my hands up her legs slowly , but firmly . 
 she jumps when i first touch her , but as i get higher up her calves , putting my weight on her as i ease up her body , i hear a soft groan come from her mouth and god dammit if that does n't change my original plan to only snuggle up to her . 
 `` you 'll have to be quick , lover . 
 my boyfriend will be home any minute , '' she says seductively . 
 `` i 'm never quick when i 'm with you darlin ' , '' i whisper roughly in her ear . 
 i roll her over underneath me , making sure to touch and kiss every inch of skin i can reach on my way up to her mouth . 
 when i reach up to her face , she turns and gives me a sly smile . 
 `` hi to you , too , '' she says before brushing her lips against mine . 
 i groan as she deepens our kiss , teasing and taunting me with her tongue as we explore each other 's mouths . 
 she 's completely unravelling me , she has turned me inside out and back around again . 
 i ca n't imagine how anyone could want to hurt her . 
 i turn on my side so i can look right into those exquisite green eyes of hers . 
 `` would my lady like to accompany me to dinner ? '' 
 i say in a fake english accent . 
 she giggles in response , making it all worth it . 
 `` of course . 
 it 's my turn to choose where , though , '' she says , bouncing off the bed with a smirk before walking into the bathroom , locking the door behind her . 
 `` why 'd you lock the door ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` to keep you and your dirty mind out of here . 
 we 'll never get to dinner if i let you come in here , '' she says teasingly . 
 `` i could easily break the door down and carry you back to the bed , caveman style , '' i add with a growl . 
 `` damn , '' i hear her curse behind the door . 
 i ca n't help but laugh . 
 i always manage to switch the tables on her , every time . 
 i 'm all dressed and just waiting for brax to finish getting ready . 
 he 's taking me out for dinner , to a local italian restaurant i 've been dying to go to . 
 we 've been together almost eight months now and they have been the best eight months in my life . 
 apart from the creepy notes and the creeper in the black honda , life has never been better . 
 i feel safe when i 'm with him , like he is my anchor . 
 i 'm okay as long as he is close by . 
 i ca n't drift away or get lost when he is around , and i love that feeling . 
 i love belonging to someone again . 
 i 've had too many years drifting through my life alone . 
 it may be co-dependency at its worst , but knowing brax feels the same way about me cancels any concerns i have about being too dependent on him . 
 certain parts of my life may have been pre-planned , but in making the decision not to sell to uncle harry i feel like i 've taken back a bit of the control . 
 once i graduate , i can take over brightlight and brax and i can live our lives without harry brimstone breathing down my neck . 
 aunt sylvia rings me while i 'm waiting , i have n't told brax i keep in touch with her because i did n't want to upset him . 
 he seems to get angry whenever uncle harry is mentioned and things have been going so well lately , i have n't wanted to ruin his good mood . 
 she has always kept in touch , especially after her divorce from uncle harry , and she has a special place in my heart . 
 after my mother died , not once did she try and step into the mother role . 
 when i moved in with them she opted to take the friend route instead . 
 it was nice to have someone i could rely on after having everyone else wrenched away from me . 
 she stood by me when i was intent on self-destruction . 
 she never scolded me like uncle harry did , she just wanted to know that i was being safe and that i knew i could go to her if i needed someone or something . 
 i would always try to reassure her that i was coping , but the sad look in her eyes always told me she knew the truth , even when i could n't admit it to myself . 
 `` hey , aunt sylvie . 
 how are you ? '' 
 i say when i pick up the phone . 
 `` i 'm great , elise . 
 are you well ? 
 how is that boyfriend of yours ? '' 
 she asks with a chuckle . 
 i talked to sylvia before asking brax to move in . 
 i wanted to make sure that i was n't asking him for the wrong reasons , mainly the fact that i feel safe when he 's around . 
 `` he 's wonderful . 
 i 've never been happier . 
 finally someone has filled up the hole in my soul , '' i say with a smile . 
 she always told me that i would find someone that would put me back together , even when i did n't know i was broken . 
 `` that is fantastic . 
 you deserve nothing but happiness and love , '' she states emphatically . 
 `` and how is school going ? '' 
 `` it 's a lot of hard work , but it 's interesting . 
 i 'm really enjoying it . '' 
 `` i 'm so glad to hear that , dear . 
 i 've been worried about you being so far away , '' she adds lovingly . 
 `` i know , but it 's something i had to do . 
 i had to break free . 
 did i tell you that uncle harry came to visit me before christmas ? 
 he was in the area and wanted to check in with me to see how i was settling in , '' i continue . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 she says skeptically `` yeah but he was n't so friendly when he called me in january wanting an answer on his takeover bid , '' i add , knowing sylvia knows about uncle harry 's bid to takeover brightlight . 
 `` elise , dear , you must not sell to him . 
 that was your father 's company and it is your legacy . 
 you must keep it , '' she says with a pleading voice . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i told him that the answer is no . 
 he got quite nasty , but i have n't heard from him since then . 
 everything goes through my lawyer now . 
 why do you sound so scared ? '' 
 i ask , worried about her . 
 `` it 's nothing , dear . 
 i just do n't want you to be railroaded by that god awful man , '' she says , trying and failing to hide the shakiness in her voice . 
 i laugh . 
 `` you know he has never been one to scare me . 
 he may give me the creeps sometimes , but i 'm not scared of him . 
 i have my father 's will and the company rules in my favor , remember ? '' 
 `` yes you do , elise . 
 just do n't forget the other clauses , that is all i will say . '' 
 shit , i never thought of that . 
 surely uncle harry would n't be that desperate for the company . 
 it 's just a company-a multi-million dollar company-but nevertheless , nothing to break the law over . 
 `` elise , dear . 
 are you still there ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm fine . 
 well thank you for calling , aunt sylvia . 
 i 'll call you after my finals , '' i say before bidding her farewell . 
 `` elise , if he threatens you again you go to the police , the board of directors , anybody who can deal with him . 
 do not take his crap . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` okay , aunt sylvie , i promise . 
 i have to go now , we 're just heading out for dinner . 
 i 'll call you again soon , '' i say , bidding her farewell just as brax walks up and wraps his arms around my waist . 
 `` definitely , dear . 
 take care . 
 and tell that boyfriend of yours that i 'm looking forward to meeting him next time i 'm in new york , '' she adds , the maternal concern in her voice warms my heart . 
 i melt into brax as he brings his body closer to mine , tightening his embrace . 
 `` hey , '' he murmurs as he puts his lips on my neck . 
 i move my head sideways , allowing him to nuzzle his face into my neck . 
 `` hey yourself , '' i whisper breathlessly . 
 just one touch and my heart is racing . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asks as he drags his hand up my stomach to the underside of my breast . 
 `` better now , '' i say , arching my back , pushing myself into his hand . 
 `` we better move before we forget about dinner , '' he says in my ear as he traces around my hardened nipple . 
 `` what dinner ? '' 
 `` exactly , '' he says , standing up straight and removing his hands and lips all at once , eliciting a whimper from me . 
 `` all in good time , baby . '' 
 he spins me around and kisses me hard on the lips before pushing away from me and walking towards the door . 
 i swear to god he has a swagger to his walk that would melt a nun 's habit . 
 i ca n't tear my eyes away from his butt as he walks away from me . 
 `` another long frustrating night then ? '' 
 i mutter and he laughs at me again . 
 `` a bit of revenge for locking me out of the bathroom , '' he replies with a smart ass grin . 
 i growl at him as i take my coat from him . 
 `` damn locks . '' 
 we 've just been seated at portofino , a nice italian restaurant a few blocks from our apartment . 
 elle has wanted to come for months so i 'm glad i can finally bring her here . 
 i needed something good to happen today . 
 this week has been so stressful , with school work and investigating brimstone 's business activities while also trying to find a link between evans , brimstone and maybe gibbons . 
 we have n't been able to find anything as yet and it is frustrating the hell out of me . 
 a nice night out with my gorgeous girlfriend is exactly what i need . 
 we order an antipasto for a starter then i order lasagna while elle orders a plate of carbonara . 
 we 're halfway through a glass of wine when i see elle look up above my head , looking confused but smiling . 
 i turn around to see evans standing beside me , looking down at elle with his a greasy grin . 
 `` you must be elise , '' he says with his unmistakable southern drawl . 
 `` i am . 
 and you are ? '' 
 she asks , never breaking eye contact . 
 `` i 'm michael evans , brax 's father , '' he replies , not missing a single beat . 
 elle looks back down at me , her eyes wide open in shock . 
 `` brax , '' she whispers . 
 `` you told me your parents were dead ? '' 
 `` ah , did he now , '' the man beside me replies , not even giving me a chance to explain . 
 `` he would 've been talking about his adoptive parents . 
 his mother and i had to give him up when he was two years old , but he went to a lovely couple . 
 leah and roger james , is n't that right , braxton ? '' 
 i stand up and turn to face him , looking down into his cold blue eyes . 
 `` i think it 's time you left , evans , '' i say through gritted teeth . 
 `` you 've said more than enough for one night . '' 
 `` aww , braxton , always with the drama . 
 nice to meet you , elise , '' he says , holding out his hand to shake elle 's . 
 she obliges and he leans over to kiss her knuckles . 
 he takes everything i have not to rip his filthy hand out of hers . 
 as he turns and leaves out the front door i take my seat , but elle does n't look at me . 
 she sits opposite me , staring at her plate of untouched pasta in front of her , not once raising her eyes to mine . 
 damn evans ! 
 he knew exactly what the hell he was doing when he walked in here . 
 so much for my nice night out . 
 `` elle , '' i say , reaching over the table to hold her hand . 
 `` i 've never thought of that man as my father , you have to believe me , '' i implore , waiting for her to look at me . 
 when she does , i see them wet with tears . 
 `` why could n't you tell me , brax ? 
 i bared my soul to you months ago , and this whole time you had secrets ? '' 
 she 's breaking my heart . 
 the look on her face is soul destroying . 
 we need to get back home so that i can give her a proper explanation . 
 i stand again , holding my hand out to elle . 
 `` i think we need to go home so i can explain everything to you . '' 
 `` i think so too , '' she says angrily . 
 i 've never seen elle angry . 
 this is a first . 
 we walk the few blocks back to our apartment . 
 i hold elle 's hand the whole way home , refusing to let it go . 
 she 's not going to pull back from me now , we 've come too far . 
 we get inside and as soon as i 've closed the door elle is standing in front of me , hands on hips , waiting for my explanation . 
 `` it 's not what you think , darlin . '' 
 `` really , brax ? 
 cause right now it seems like you were adopted out at two years old and you may have lost your adoptive parents , but your biological father is well and truly alive and kicking , '' she says , her voice laced with anger . 
 `` yes , that is true . 
 my biological mother is alive too , but i have never met her . 
 evans sought me out when i was fifteen , which is the only reason i know him , '' i say , hoping like hell she calms down and believes me . 
 `` okay . 
 i understand that , but why did n't you tell me ? 
 why leave me to find out like this ? '' 
 she says , her voice sounding more sad than angry now . 
 `` because i 've never thought of that man as my father . 
 my father was roger james , retired mechanic from atlanta , georgia . 
 the man who i left the army for at twenty-two so that i could look after him and his business while he was battling prostate cancer . 
 he was my father , not that man you saw tonight . '' 
 i 'm exasperated now . 
 i always intended to tell elle about roger and his battle with cancer , but in my own time . 
 there has been so much going on lately with the notes and being on edge waiting for the next move to be made against elle , it has honestly been the last thing on my mind . 
 all i wanted was to have a nice dinner out with my girlfriend . 
 michael evans strikes again ! 
 i sit down on the couch , putting my head in my hands as i rest my arms on my knees . 
 i feel , rather than see elle sit beside me , her arm snaking around my waist as she cuddles into my side . 
 `` i 'm sorry , babe . 
 i did n't know , '' she says quietly . 
 i look up at her and smile . 
 she is truly the most forgiving person i know . 
 `` sweetheart , i should 've told you . 
 i 'm sorry , but i despise that man you met tonight , i never wanted you to have to meet him . 
 if you want , i can tell you all about my mother and father , the ones that raised me , not the ones that created me . 
 whatever you want to know , i 'll tell you . 
 i just need you to forgive me . '' 
 i 'm pleading with her now , we 've come too far for something like this to get in our way . 
 `` there 's nothing to forgive , babe . 
 i know now why you did n't tell me . 
 but i hope you 'll tell me about roger and leah tomorrow , if you think you 're ready , '' she says with a smile , lifting her lips to mine for a sweet gentle kiss . 
 `` i love you so much , baby . '' 
 `` me too , brax . 
 more than you know . '' 
 brax and elle have gone out for dinner , so i have a couple of hours to myself . 
 i 'm sitting in my car , keeping watch on elle 's building , when my phone rings . 
 `` gibbons , '' i say , answering his call . 
 `` shay , we have a situation . 
 we 've received a message saying that elle is n't safe while you and brax are involved . 
 they 're pulling in the big guns now . 
 evans is in town and we know it 's not a good thing if the big man is hanging around . 
 we 've got to get you guys out of there , the boss man has ordered it . 
 they 've even threatened to go public with everything , '' he says quickly . 
 he sounds genuinely concerned . 
 `` so who 's making these demands then ? '' 
 i ask , not really buying gibbons ' explanation because , to be honest , it does n't really make much sense . 
 things have been quiet for weeks now . 
 no black honda , no more contact from evans , no notes . 
 nothing out of the ordinary . 
 `` this is coming from brimstone . 
 he contacted the boss man , threatening to go to the feds if we do n't pull out . 
 he recognized brax and finally put two and two together . 
 it has got the boss spooked so he 's calling you guys off the job . 
 `` no way , dude . 
 brax will never leave , '' i say , knowing where brax 's head is at . 
 it was just a few weeks ago that we talked about what we were going to do when the job ends . 
 brax made it clear to me , in no uncertain terms , that he will be wherever elle is . 
 `` he does n't have a choice , if he wants his girlfriend to stay breathing , he needs to get out , '' he says sternly . 
 `` i 'll talk to him , but i do n't see it happening , '' i explain . 
 `` shay , you have to make him understand . 
 i can send a back-up unit to watch her without being noticed . 
 she 'll still be watched , just not as publicly as she is now . 
 we have no choice , shay . 
 they have said she will not be safe unless you guys leave . '' 
 `` what has he got on the boss ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i need to know just how serious this is . 
 `` a bunch of evidence that will leave him in a whole world of shit . 
 he 's said you either pull out voluntarily or he will make it so that you do n't have a choice and you do n't want that , for yourself , for brax or for miss halliwell . '' 
 `` i 'll get back to you , '' i say as i hang up , not giving him a chance to say anything else . 
 i punch the steering wheel . 
 i need to work this out . 
 brax and i do n't trust gibbons as far as we could throw him , but if the boss has made the order that 's a whole other story . 
 i have to work out another plan . 
 surely there must be another way to keep her safe . 
 a few moments later i see brax and elle walking along the street , not looking at all happy . 
 brax opens the apartment building door to let elle in before quickly looking over in my direction to give me the customary nod , letting me know that he 's okay . 
 what he does n't know is that everything is far from okay . 
 the call has been made , but god knows how i 'm going to get him to follow these orders . 
 i wait until they 're upstairs in the apartment and the lights go off . 
 i 'm just about to start my car and pull out when i see a black van driving past me really slowly . 
 i ca n't see the driver , but they seem to be looking for something , or someone . 
 i note the number plate and make and model down , but if it 's who i think it is , we wo n't be find out anything . 
 i decide to follow it and start my car , getting ready to pull out . 
 i let him get to the corner before i pull out to follow him . 
 he turns left towards campus and then heads towards the centre of town . 
 once he turns onto the freeway heading south , i pull over . 
 i text brax , letting him know that i 'm heading home for the night and text gibbons straight afterwards , asking him to track the plate anyway . 
 chapter twenty-two after the night 's events , i 'm in a very reflective mood . 
 after our little heart to heart on the couch , elle and i crawled into bed and we made love like we were the only two people in the world . 
 i wanted to reassure her that i love her more than anything i know that the night 's revelations have rattled elle , as well . 
 when the boss first approached me with details of this job i was n't sure that i wanted to be involved , but the boss made the job very worth my while so i was intrigued to say the least-especially since he was prepared to pay so much money for a security job . 
 as it was explained to me he had , and still has , a lot of money involved in brightlight industries . 
 originally it was part of a poker debt arrangement made between my big boss and elle 's father , benjamin . 
 a mutually beneficial agreement in order to legalize the boss ' money and increase benjamin 's cash flow . 
 it ended up being a long term investment , only ending when benjamin and his family were viciously murdered . 
 being in this line of work is definitely not the life i envisioned myself living . 
 i joined the army at seventeen to escape the life michael evans was trying to force me in to , a life of crime , corruption and violence . 
 after five years ' service , i got an honorable discharge to look after my sick adoptive father in atlanta . 
 after roger died , i was soon struggling to stay afloat with the mortgage and his business and all of the mounting debts . 
 in order to save my childhood home , the only home i 'd ever known , i approached a loan shark who put me in touch with the boss . 
 he bought the business from me and paid off all of the debts i 'd inherited , as well as the mortgage . 
 that meant the house was free and clear under my name . 
 what i did n't realize at the time , was the true cost of his help . 
 so for the past three years , shay and i have been working for him . 
 before this job , it has just been general muscle work along with security investigations and some bond collections , all done through the boss ' legitimate security business . 
 very rarely he would require us to break the law . 
 i definitely ca n't say that i 'm a saint , but i 've tried my best to avoid anything that would bring me close to evans ' line of business . 
 when i was given the file by gibbons and i saw elle 's photo , i accepted the job immediately . 
 i knew that there was something about her that was drawing me in , like i was meant to meet her . 
 along with shay , it was agreed that we would move to where elle was and i would pose as a bona fide college student studying economics alongside her . 
 the original plan was to get close to her , assess the risk , and determine whether she had any idea that there was a threat to her safety . 
 then , when the boss pulled the plug , we would leave . 
 when elle became the majority stakeholder of her father 's company , harry started making moves to increase his stake in the company . 
 he was annoyed that benjamin did n't give him the first option to buy and was even more incensed when his will stated that elle would be the ceo at the completion of her college studies . 
 harry had always planned on increasing his stake , but benjamin 's death simply brought forward his takeover plans . 
 now for the difficult part-for me anyway . 
 if elle was to become incapacitated or was to pass away before taking her place as ceo , brimstone would automatically be given the option to purchase her entire stake in the company . 
 when elle declined harry 's office to buy her out , this became his only option to make the company his own . 
 my boss does n't want this to happen because of his close relationship with elle 's father , as well as the fact that he still has a lot of his money tied up in the company . 
 it may be well hidden , but there is still a paper trail that we ca n't destroy yet . 
 we do have someone on the inside at brightlight who is working hard to find and destroy any evidence of the money 's existence , but brimstone has been getting suspicious and using his power as acting ceo to dig a little deeper . 
 we 're still not sure how brimstone connected with evans , but given that he still has a lot of contacts within the fbi , it does n't surprise me that harry is trying to keep him onside . 
 we know that evans and brimstone have kept an even closer eye on elle since i came on board , but even before that brimstone was already making moves to ensure that his takeover bid would be accepted , whatever the cost . 
 as soon as our boss got word of what brimstone was up to , and heard that evans was involved , he rushed us in . 
 what i did n't count on was falling in love with elle . 
 at first it was her gorgeous , but lifeless green eyes staring back at me from the surveillance photo in her file . 
 but when i met her , i knew my life would never be the same again . 
 it was like every good deed i 'd ever done in my life had brought me to her , but now i know it may end up being the ultimate selfless deed that could almost cost me everything . 
 i 've been close to telling her the truth so many times . 
 when she finally told me about her family and her father , whom she still idolizes to this day , i did n't have it in me to shatter the only good memories she has of her past . 
 she was crushed by their murders and it took a lot for her to open up to me and allow me to become a part of her life . 
 i struggle every day with the face that i 'm lying to her about who i work for , what i do , the truth about brimstone and evans , and the truth about her father . 
 i 've been trying to appease both gibbons and shay . 
 shay has been telling me for weeks now that the three of us should just leave and take elle away from all of this , go into hiding somewhere until this all dies down . 
 it 's getting too dangerous for us to be here , but shay knows that the only way i 'll leave is if she comes with me . 
 now that it seems that brimstone has connected the dots and has worked out who i am and who i 'm working for , it is just a waiting game until he makes his next move . 
 the threats he made during his last phone call with elle all but confirmed that . 
 it 's like a bomb with a faulty detonation switch-we ca n't predict when it is going to go off . 
 we no longer feel we can trust gibbons . 
 he has been talking about pulling us out early . 
 i do n't know why he is so desperate to pull us off the job . 
 shay and i have our suspicions , but without proof we ca n't do anything , and that is all they are right now . 
 suspicions . 
 we think he is compromised . 
 this is from his actions in the past few months , starting with not tracking shay the night he was taken to boston and not giving us all of the information about the notes we 've sent to hq . 
 all of this has made us wary of him . 
 at the end of the day , i do n't think there is any way i could leave elle . 
 we 've come so far in the past few months , she has blossomed in front of my eyes into a vivacious , sexy-as-hell woman that i love more than life itself . 
 if i was to tell her the truth now , that i 've been living a lie for the past eight months , it would break us . 
 being adopted at two years old and finding out at fifteen that i have a monster for a father-i 'm used to lies , both telling them and living them . 
 having elle in my life makes me want to be better , she makes me want to be better for her . 
 a large part of me hopes that she loves me enough to see through my past and believe in the unequivocal love and devotion i now have for her . 
 it 's that hope i cling to while i hold her close to me as she sleeps peacefully in my arms . 
 tomorrow morning i 'll tell her the truth . 
 i 'm hoping with every ounce of my being that she will see past it and realize i am only protecting her . 
 i have to believe in her . 
 in us . 
 i feel brax pull me in closer against his naked body and i ca n't help but sigh with contentment . 
 he has made me so happy since he came into my life . 
 he loves me , warts and all . 
 despite my horrific past and the details that still haunt me today , he still wants to be with me . 
 he took away my nightmares , just like that . 
 three years of horrible memories replaying in my dreams every night have disappeared . 
 he is truly my salve , my savior from a life of being completely alone . 
 i drift off to sleep in his arms , looking forward to the future . 
 there is no way my life could get better than it is right now . 
 i hear brax 's phone vibrate on the side table and feel him reach over to read the message , never letting me go . 
 i fall asleep again before he has even put the phone back down , resolving to ask him about it in the morning . 
 i 'm just about asleep when i hear my phone vibrate with a text message . 
 i check the time , 1.16 a.m. . 
 this ca n't be good . 
 i open my messages and see the one message i do n't want to see shay : b , you 've got ta get out of there . 
 brimstone has made the call to the boss , he 's saying you need to get out of there or else they 're going after her . 
 gibbons says now that they 've made us , she 'll only be safe with you gone . 
 i 've already spotted one of evan 's cars on the next block over . 
 we 've got ta move now so that they pull out . 
 brax : i ca n't disappear . 
 i ca n't leave her alone . 
 shay : i know you love her , but she is going to be safer without us here . 
 gibbons assures me that he is sending another detail to take over from us asap , they 're on their way now . 
 the boss man made the call to pull us out . 
 brax : i ca n't , shay . 
 shay : you have to , otherwise he 's going to come after her . 
 brax : give me until the morning . 
 shay : no can do . 
 it has to be now while she 's asleep , you know it 'll be easier for the both of you . 
 no questions asked , no answers required . 
 come on , b . 
 you know it 's bad when evans is making moves . 
 something has gone bust and we ca n't stop it now . 
 i lie in bed , simply staring at shay 's last text . 
 shay knows that i would n't leave elle alone , except if i was the one putting her in danger . 
 shit ! 
 damn ! 
 fuck ! 
 brax : i 'll be down as soon as i can . 
 i put the phone down and wrap both my arms around elise . 
 this was the worst case scenario , having to leave her alone . 
 this will break her all over again . 
 she took a big chance on us , on me , and now i 'm deserting her . 
 i 'll come back for her somehow . 
 i do n't care how long it takes , elle is my forever and nothing can take that away from me now . 
 i carefully pull away from her as she rolls over and snuggles down around the blankets . 
 she looks so beautiful when she sleeps , i sit up and just watch her for a few minutes , she looks so peaceful . 
 i quietly get dressed and grab whatever i can take with me-mainly my wallet , phone and keys . 
 getting up , i stand in the doorway , taking a last look at the love of my life , committing the sight of elle peacefully sleeping to memory . 
 i 'm doing this for her , i would n't be leaving if there was any other way . 
 i 'll make my way back to her somehow , if only i could tell her the truth to ease the pain she 's going to wake up to tomorrow . 
 i make my way quietly out of the apartment and down the stairs to shay who is waiting in his car outside the building . 
 we 're doing this publicly so that whoever is watching the apartment will report it back to evans . 
 we want him to know we 've left and to think elle is alone now . 
 i pause outside the car . 
 i know things will never be the same once i get in . 
 i know once i leave i 've more than likely lost her forever , but i 'd rather sacrifice my happiness than compromise her safety . 
 shay looks at me with sympathy as i finally get in the car . 
 `` i 'm not leaving her , b. i 'm going to stay on here and keep her safe for you . 
 i told gibbons it was a done deal . 
 he only agreed because the call was for you to leave , not both of us . '' 
 i look at him in shock . 
 `` shay , that is huge , man . 
 i ca n't thank you enough . '' 
 i 'm tempted to hug my best friend for the first time in six years . 
 he continues to explain . 
 `` look , man . 
 it 's a no brainer . 
 she is your girl and if you ca n't stay and protect her , i 'm the next best thing . '' 
 he starts the car and takes off towards the airport where i know that i 'll be put on the boss 's plane back to atlanta . 
 the message will have already been sent to evans and brimstone to back off and they will be told that i 'm not longer with elle . 
 at least my leaving will mean she will be a lot safer for the foreseeable future , especially now that shay is staying behind to be my eyes and ears . 
 after about an hour and a half later , shay drops me off at a private airport where the bosses plane is waiting for me . 
 she 's all i can think about . 
 soon she 'll be waking up to an empty bed and no trace of where i have gone . 
 i had no choice . 
 i knew the moment i made my decision that i was going to lose the other half of my soul , my whole reason for being , my elle . 
 nothing i could ever do would make it right for her . 
 it took everything i had to heal her the first time , to mold her back into the brilliant , radiant light she always was . 
 being the one to shatter her this time will be the end of all hope for her . 
 the end of the light , and the return of the dark in her world . 
 it 's a cruel twist that this happened the night before i was going to tell her everything . 
 i was going to lay it all out for her . 
 by leaving , she 'll remain in the dark . 
 she will never know the truth about her father , his business partner , and their dealings with the big boss . 
 if she knew the truth , the real reason why i was gone-even the reason why i came into her life in the first place-my life would not be worth living . 
 2 days later his blue eyes haunt me . 
 every day they haunt me . 
 my morning , my day , my night . 
 my nightmares that have returned , those ice cold baby blues of his torment me . 
 he was right when he said i would never be the same , that i could never forget him . 
 the way he could reach in and touch my soul with a single glance , an eyebrow quirk , a smirk with that delectable mouth . 
 how the touch of his body to mine made my heart sing and my skin burn with a fire so hot it could light a match . 
 the pain of his disappearance worsens every day . 
 i 've rung his old roommates , checked with the college administration and come up with nothing . 
 he is n't even listed as a student any more . 
 on the second day i start thinking it is my fault . 
 what did i do to make him run away ? 
 he left with nothing but his wallet and phone . 
 all of his clothes are still in the wardrobe . 
 i 've taken to wearing his t-shirt to bed just to feel close to him again . 
 today is the third day since he disappeared from my life and now anger has set in . 
 it was totally unfair of him to approach me in that first economics class . 
 how dare he worm his way into my cold unforgiving heart and make it warm again . 
 he was wrong to fix me and make me whole again , to make the sun rise and fall in my previously dark world . 
 he 's made it ten times worse now that i know what i 've lost . 
 he made me feel alive then cut me off at the knees by disappearing without a trace , without a single word or even a note . 
 i went from waking up next to him every morning and going to bed with him every night , living in our little love filled bubble , our cocoon , our sanctuary . 
 i was deliriously happy , i had brax , i had school , and i had my father 's company under my control . 
 then suddenly i was waking up alone , not sure where he was , why his phone was disconnected , why he had vanished into thin air . 
 what do you do when you had no hope , then hope was reborn in your heart , then the man who brings that hope back into your life all but disappears . 
 where do you go from there ? 
 epilogue i have to call her . 
 i only have a few minutes before i have to start moving again . 
 i asked the guys for half an hour , they can only give me fifteen until gibbons will notice i was gone . 
 i push my forehead against the glass , taking a minute to compose myself . 
 i know this is n't going to be easy . 
 i broke her heart , destroyed her trust , and shattered everything we had by leaving . 
 if only i had n't have listened to bloody gibbons . 
 hind sight is a wonderful thing . 
 who would 've thought eight months ago when i first took the job that i would find myself in this position . 
 i knew she was different , that the effect she was having on me was like nothing i 'd ever felt before . 
 but i never would i have thought i would be the one who ended up putting her in danger , and that my own flesh and blood would be one of the threats to her life . 
 i put the coins in and shakily dial the number , holding my breath while i wait for the call to connect . 
 it rings a few times and then i hear her voice . 
 i stop breathing , she sounds so lost . 
 `` elle , '' i whisper her name and she gasps in shock . 
 `` brax ? '' 
 she replies , like she ca n't quite believe it 's me . 
 `` i do n't have much time , sweetheart , but i just had to hear your voice , '' i explain , half expecting to hear the dial tone at any moment . 
 instead i hear her breathing heavily into the hand piece . 
 she 's trying to compose herself . 
 `` are you still there , elle ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm here , '' she sighs . 
 `` i need to tell you something , then i 'll go and i do n't know if i 'll be able to call again for a while , '' i say downheartedly . 
 `` i do n't understand , brax . 
 you just disappeared without a trace , you did n't say a single word ... did i really mean nothing to you ? 
 i did n't even know where you 'd gone , i could n't find you ! '' 
 she whimpers . 
 `` i never thought you 'd leave me like everyone else , i thought you were different . '' 
 my heart breaks all over again . 
 i did n't think it was possible to hurt any more than i already am . 
 i know i do n't have long before they come after me , i have to tell her why i 've called her . 
 `` sweetheart , i had to leave to keep you safe . 
 i was told that it was the only way i could protect you . 
 i could n't warn you , i could n't tell you anything . 
 but i knew back then and i know it even more now , i ca n't live without you . 
 i will find a way for us . 
 i need you to believe that , '' i implore , hoping like hell she believes me . 
 i hear her sobbing down the phone , i wish i could wrap my arms around her right now and tell her everything will be okay . 
 the only peace of mind i have is that shay is still watching her . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 i 'm not in any danger , brax . 
 nobody can hurt me except you . 
 i love you , i ca n't do this without you . 
 i 'm broken . '' 
 her words cut through me like a knife . 
 `` i do n't know how to carry on without you . 
 i have n't even left the apartment since you left , in case you came back . '' 
 hearing her words strengthens my resolve , i have to be with her again and i 'll damn well move heaven and earth to make that happen . 
 `` i love you too , elle . 
 you have to believe me that i did n't want to leave . 
 i need to be with you . 
 i do n't have long before i 'm going to have to go , they 're going to be coming for me soon . 
 if this is gon na work , i need to get going now . '' 
 i look around , checking that i have n't been noticed yet , letting out a deep breath when i ca n't see anybody . 
 `` this is what i need you to do . 
 i need you to lose the tail that 's watching you outside your building and meet me at the bandstand in woldenberg park , new orleans , down by the water . 
 i 'll meet you there midnight , friday . 
 you think you can do that for me , darlin ? '' 
 i 'm desperate now . 
 my phone starts buzzing on my hip , my signal that i have to start moving . 
 `` what tail ? 
 who 's watching me , brax ? 
 what is going on ? '' 
 she says frantically . 
 i know she 's worried now . 
 `` i need you to listen to me . 
 can you do it ? 
 can you meet me ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 yes i 'll be there . 
 i 'll hire a car , i 'll lose whatever tail i have . 
 you promise you 'll be there ? 
 i have to be with you , '' she says frantically . 
 she sounds hopeful now , so different from when she first answered , although there is still a tinge of concern in her voice . 
 `` you will be there , wo n't you ? '' 
 she asks tentatively . 
 with a smile i answer her , my heart is full to bursting again . 
 `` of course , baby , i 'm coming for you . 
 i ca n't live without you , either . 
 i knew i could n't but the only way is to leave . 
 we can be together , babe . 
 just you and me . 
 i love you , please remember that , '' i plead , hoping like hell she believes me . 
 these past five days have been hell without her by my side . 
 `` i 've got ta go , but i 'll see you in five days . 
 only five more nights then we 'll never be apart again . '' 
 `` i 'm counting down the days , brax . 
 i need to see you and kiss you . 
 i ca n't be without you . '' 
 `` i know hon , i need you too . 
 i 'll see you soon . 
 just be careful okay , whatever you do , be careful . 
 if you think you are being followed or feel in any danger at all , do n't meet me . 
 go somewhere with your phone and wait for my call . 
 promise me , elle . 
 i ca n't lose you either . '' 
 `` i 'll be careful . 
 love you always . '' 
 `` you too . 
 until friday . '' 
 `` bye , baby , '' she says , her voice shaky with tears . 
 this will be the last time i have to say goodbye to her . 
 in five nights time she 'll be in my arms again . 
 i 'll be whole . 
 it was n't what i 'd planned , but i ca n't deny it any longer . 
 screw the organization , screw the assignment , screw the boss and brimstone and especially that prick of a father , evans . 
 i 'm the only one that can keep her safe , i have to . 
 she 's all i have and all i want . 
 as i go to hang up the phone , i hear a gun shot over the phone . 
 i hear brax hanging up the phone and i 'm just about to hang up myself when i hear a gun shot in the background . 
 oh my god . 
 please do n't let it be brax . 
 i 'm terrified . 
 it 's happening all over again . 
 i 'm going to lose him . 
 `` brax ! '' 
 i sob into the phone . 
 i ca n't stop my whole body from shaking and i feel myself shutting down again . 
 my chest is burning . 
 this must be what it feels like to have a broken heart . 
 all of a sudden it hits me . 
 i did n't hear the gunshot over the phone and the burning in my side that i thought was my heart breaking feels wet as pain rips through me . 
 the realization suddenly hits me . 
 brax is okay , it 's me that 's not . 
 it was here , in my apartment . 
 i hear footsteps and a thud against the wall outside my bedroom . 
 i scream in pain and then fear as it dawns on me . 
 i 'm not alone . 
