 before you go by clare james before you go copyright © 2013 clare james smashwords edition all rights reserved . 
 no part of this book may be reproduced , transmitted , downloaded , distributed , stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system in any form or by any means , whether electronic or mechanical , without express permission of the author , except by a reviewer who may quote brief passages for review purposes . 
 this is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any person , living or dead , or any events or occurrences , is purely coincidental . 
 the characters and story lines are created from the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 cover design by phatpuppy art . 
 before it was the pounding on the door that woke me that morning . 
 somehow i managed to fall asleep after i made it home from thomas richardson 's party . 
 it was a defense mechanism , i think . 
 i needed to shut down and process the events from the night . 
 i ignored the noise , hoping it 'd go away . 
 unfortunately , it only got louder . 
 through the peep hole in the door , i could see thomas pacing in the hallway . 
 my body went cold at the sight of him , completely the opposite of how he used to make me feel . 
 strange how one night could change everything . 
 `` tabby . '' 
 he moved closer to the door . 
 `` i know you 're there . 
 let me in . '' 
 `` no , '' i told him . 
 my voice was hoarse and weak . 
 it made me sick to hear it . 
 `` look , we need to talk . '' 
 he softened his tone . 
 `` i 'm sorry about last night . 
 but you 're okay , nothing really happened . 
 right ? 
 it was just a party that got a little out of control . '' 
 i whipped the door open , furious that he called what happened , nothing . 
 `` it was more than just a little out of control , you asshole , '' i screamed . 
 `` shhh . '' 
 thomas ran his hand down my arm to soothe , but it only repulsed . 
 he then stepped around me and shut the door to my dorm room . 
 `` okay , you 're right , '' he said . 
 `` it was n't nothing . 
 i am an asshole , but i want to make it right . 
 what can i do ? '' 
 `` well , '' i said , bracing myself . 
 `` you can start by telling the truth when dean schiller calls you in . '' 
 his face quickly lost all traces of warmth . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he spit . 
 `` you 're going to the administration with this ? '' 
 `` i have a meeting later today , '' i said , avoiding his eyes . 
 `` well , it 's a good thing i stopped by then . '' 
 his face was red , jaw tight . 
 `` i have something you should see before you go . '' 
 most people think he broke me the night it happened . 
 the night he betrayed my trust and hurt me in a way i 'm not sure i 'll ever recover from . 
 but that 's not when he did it . 
 it was n't his actions from that night . 
 no , it was the next morning when he showed me what was in his hands . 
 that 's when my world would come crashing down -- all because of some stupid stunt my friend , megan , talked me into . 
 and because i trusted the wrong guy . 
 that was the moment that did it . 
 and i 've been broken ever since . 
 chapter 1 ten months after `` what can i get you ? '' 
 the bartender asks while building a perfect guinness from the tap . 
 he looks to be in his twenties , although he is completely bald , by choice or bad genetics i ca n't quite tell . 
 does n't matter , it looks good on him . 
 i consider it -- or him -- for a second but quickly dismiss the idea . 
 what 's that old adage , do n't shit where you eat ? 
 well , this would fall into the category , do n't get down and dirty where you drink . 
 also , not a good idea . 
 my hairless , but handsome , bartender strums his long fingers along the bar , making the tendons in his tattooed arm contract and release in one fluid motion . 
 i get lost in his lanky limbs , not understanding his impatience until he clears his throat . 
 `` oh yeah , sorry . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` do you make mojitos here ? '' 
 it 's september and summer has officially ended , but i want one more taste before we descend on the downward slide toward the inevitable minnesota winter . 
 `` a mo-what-oh ? '' 
 the bartender asks , his voice dripping in sarcasm . 
 `` hmm , that 's a tough one , ma’am . 
 is n't that like three ingredients ? '' 
 i roll my eyes at this smartass behind the bar . 
 `` we 're simple folk at rye 's , but we 're not barbarians . '' 
 he gives me a friendly wink . 
 `` we do have access to mint and sugar . '' 
 `` okay , okay , '' i say with my hands up . 
 `` i meant no disrespect . '' 
 it 's not like rye 's is a dive . 
 it 's one of those neighborhood places that caters to the locals and occasional hipster . 
 nothing fancy or fussy . 
 no mixologists here . 
 it 's why i chose the place -- it 's no frills and off campus , so there 's slim chance any students from the university are patrons of the joint . 
 the perfect place for what i need to do . 
 the little bar is slowly filling up . 
 all the regulars are already here : my favorite pervy-looking santa character , mr. asscrack -lrb- self-explanatory -rrb- , and a guy who looks like channing tatum 's ugly twin -- sounds impossible , but it 's true . 
 it 's a thursday evening , which means it wo n't really be jumping for another hour . 
 i 've been coming here for the last few months , but anytime i get close to picking a guy , i chicken out . 
 the whole point of this little exercise is to be the person in control . 
 to be the person to say where , when , and most importantly , who . 
 once i can do that , i think i might have a chance at being normal again . 
 at the end of the bar are two prospects : one looks like a messenger boy -- an extremely ripped and adorable one . 
 i saw him locking up his bike on the way in with a bag slung across his body . 
 no , i could n't . 
 could i ? 
 no , absolutely not . 
 he looks way too sweet . 
 but there on the corner is a definite a contender . 
 he 's a little messy : wild hair , rumply shirt , ten o’clock shadow . 
 too bad he 's fidgeting all over the damn place . 
 not exactly what i was going for . 
 i need easy , breezy . 
 a guy who is up for a fun night , but also knows when it 's time to leave . 
 no strings , no complications . 
 he glances from his phone to the door to his phone again . 
 i 'm dizzy watching him . 
 he 's either meeting someone or he needs to get drunk ... or laid . 
 maybe i could help with both ? 
 i 'll have to check in on him in a bit . 
 for now , i 'm content watching the evening unfold . 
 i order another mojito from my new bartender bff and i swear it 's about twice as strong as the last one . 
 my lips pucker from the sour liquid as i swirl it on my tongue , readying for the burn on the way down my throat . 
 i never was much of a drinker , but some things can not be done sober . 
 still , i ca n't be bombed either . 
 i need to find that happy medium . 
 an hour later , i 'd say i found that happy place . 
 i 've put down two more extra strong glasses of mint deliciousness and have made some new friends in a very vicious game of bingo . 
 i 'm having so much fun i almost forget my mission or what i like to call my own personal version of take back the night . 
 the men are looking much better in here now . 
 when did that happen ? 
 i 'd say my prospects have doubled . 
 pervy santa even has a nice happy glow to him and asscrack looks like he 's lost a few pounds . 
 yep , the liquor is definitely taking its toll . 
 better check on my friend on the corner before i 'm too far gone . 
 thankfully , he 's still here , drinking a beer and laughing at the guy on the barstool next to him . 
 he seems more relaxed too , and he 's no longer checking his phone every second . 
 i give my cheeks a little pitch to put some color in them , release my long locks from the hair tie , and run my tongue across my teeth to ensure i do n't have any mint stuck in them from my drink . 
 and , action . 
 i teeter on my heels for a second , it 's been awhile since i 've done this . 
 still , my body remembers what to do . 
 i straighten up and make full use of my dancer 's posture before walking down the bar . 
 he notices ; they always do . 
 i grab a seat to his left and cross my legs , inching my skirt up a little higher on my thigh . 
 i 've worked on my legs for over a decade , so i may as well use them now . 
 i have a feeling i 'm going to need every last asset i have to reel this guy in . 
 `` hello , '' i give my most brilliant opening . 
 he angles his body away from his neighbor to greet me . 
 `` hi . '' 
 he flashes a smile . 
 `` sorry to interrupt your evening , '' i say , gathering my courage . 
 `` but i 'm killing these guys with the bar bingo over there . '' 
 i point to the regulars . 
 `` and i could really use some competition . 
 are you up for it ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure bingo has a lot to do with competition . 
 i think it 's more a game of luck . '' 
 he chuckles and i feel it all the way down to my toes . 
 yes , this could work . 
 `` not with these guys . '' 
 i return the smile . 
 `` even squinting one eye , most of them ca n't read the board . 
 come on over . 
 it 'll be fun and it 's better than staring at your phone all night , '' i blurt out before thinking . 
 `` been watching me all night , have you ? '' 
 he smirks . 
 i take a moment , letting my eyes rake over him . 
 he 's actually better looking up close . 
 gorgeous even . 
 his sandy hair sets off his bright blue eyes and his skin is still tan . 
 hell , i 'd be interested even if it was n't take back the night . 
 he really is something . 
 `` like i said , i 've been looking for competition . '' 
 i nudge him , yet he barely moves . 
 his body is long , lean , and surprisingly solid . 
 `` are you in a habit of picking up strangers in a bar ? '' 
 he narrows his eyes . 
 `` uh , no . '' 
 i flip my hair . 
 `` now come over and play an innocent game of bingo . 
 then we wo n't be strangers anymore . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` i was supposed to meet someone tonight , but they had to cancel so i could use a distraction . '' 
 jackpot . 
 i take his hand and lead him to the other end of the bar . 
 and he simply follows . 
 chapter 2 `` b 9 , '' the announcer calls out to the drunken bingo players . 
 `` b 9 . '' 
 `` we 're glad your cancer is benign , '' the crowd replies in unison . 
 oh yes , we 're in that kind of place . 
 `` so , stranger , '' i say to my new friend . 
 `` what do you do when you 're not letting young women pick you up at a bar ? '' 
 `` well . '' 
 his face flushes a bit . 
 `` i 'm a writer . '' 
 i nod , impressed . 
 `` ah , very cool . 
 and what put you on that path ? '' 
 he tips his head and stills for a moment . 
 `` a love for salinger , i guess . '' 
 `` oh , no . '' 
 i cringe . 
 `` do n't tell me . 
 the catcher in the rye ? '' 
 `` among others . '' 
 now he nudges me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he studies my face . 
 `` you do n't like one of the best books of all time ? '' 
 `` it 's not that i hated it or anything , i just did n't get it . '' 
 he scrunches up his face and takes a deep breath , `` well , there 's this kid , holden caulfield , and he 's expelled from school . '' 
 `` no , '' i interrupt . 
 `` i understand the story . 
 but i guess it really did n't speak to me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asks , shaking his head . 
 `` calm down , holden , '' i say in the most soothing voice i can muster . 
 `` we do n't have time for a literary argument right now . 
 we have an important game of bingo to play . '' 
 `` holden , huh ? '' 
 he scratches his head and messes his hair even more , while i fight the urge to put my fingers in it . 
 `` mmmhmm , '' i say before i grab our bingo cards . 
 `` it 's the perfect name for you . '' 
 `` okay , okay , '' he says , looking me over . 
 `` well , if i 'm holden , then you 're scout . '' 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 i question while reaching over the bar to grab two blotters for the game . 
 `` scout from to kill a mockingbird ? '' 
 `` why scout ? 
 she 's a little kid , '' i say a bit insulted . 
 `` yeah , '' he agrees . 
 `` but she 's smart , spunky , and wise beyond her years . '' 
 `` i like that , '' i say , again without thinking . 
 `` me too . '' 
 he takes the blotter from my hand , touching my fingers a little longer than necessary . 
 my stomach flips and i pray my face does not betray me with a blush . 
 this is going very well . 
 still , i need to get a handle on the situation . 
 this is not a date . 
 it 's a sleazy pick-up , one that will hopefully end in a one-night stand . 
 then maybe i can undo everything thomas did to me . 
 it 's all about control . 
 and if i can do this , maybe i can take control of my life again . 
 i like the sound of it . 
 i just hope it works this time . 
 `` alright , holden . 
 let 's see if you can run two cards at the same time . '' 
 and with perfect timing , the announcer calls out a fan favorite . 
 `` o 69 , '' he bellows . 
 `` happy meal . 
 o 69 . '' 
 this time i join in with the crowd , `` ten toes up . 
 ten toes down . 
 o 69 . '' 
 holden raises an eyebrow in my direction and i shrug . 
 when at rye 's ... after a few rounds , we 're both pretty into the game and when `` b 4 '' rings out from the microphone , holden yells , `` not after but before . '' 
 he 's seriously cute . 
 okay , not cute . 
 sexy -- as hell . 
 i might actually take pleasure in what comes after this . 
 i check my phone for the time . 
 yes , it 's now or never . 
 `` shoot , '' i say , leaning into holden a little . 
 `` i need to catch the bus . 
 the last one leaves in five minutes . '' 
 he pulls his eyebrows together and frowns . 
 `` but i was just getting the hang of the game . '' 
 come on , come on . 
 `` you should stay and play . 
 pervy santa is a blast once you get to know him . 
 you wo n't even miss me . '' 
 `` i doubt that , scout . '' 
 he sucks on his bottom lip and i 'm lost for a minute . 
 offer me a ride , goddammit ! 
 `` i have a car here , '' he says . 
 and ... `` i could give you a ride home if you want to stay for another game . '' 
 there we go . 
 `` okay , '' i say , trying not to jump up and down with joy . 
 `` i 'd like that . '' 
 *** two hours and a few drinks later , someone yells out a final bingo . 
 the players are all feeling pretty good at this point , myself included . 
 holden switched over to water a while ago , like the responsible gentleman i 've learned he is , so he is totally composed . 
 the announcer collects the last of the cards , but before the crowd can grow restless , the bartender turns up the music . 
 soon everyone is singing to classic pearl jam . 
 holden looks at me , his eyes grow dark . 
 he holds me there for a long moment before sweeping my hair off my shoulder . 
 he leans in and his proximity does amazing things to my skin . 
 it 's buzzing , begging to be touched . 
 `` wan na dance ? '' 
 he whispers in my ear . 
 yes . 
 `` to eddie vedder , '' i scoff . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i have n't danced since that night , and though i so want to get closer to holden , i 'm scared . 
 this game has become increasingly difficult to play . 
 `` really , '' he says , reaching for my hand . 
 i try to empty my mind as he pulls me into a corner . 
 nobody 's dancing , but most people are too trashed to notice us in the dark . 
 holden pulls me close and i breathe him in . 
 he smells like pine and spice and fire . 
 winter . 
 my body adheres to his every contour , so tight not even light can pass between us . 
 he wraps an arm around the small of my back while his other hand climbs up , securing around my neck . 
 i rest my cheek on his chest and he begins to move . 
 the music teases me and my body responds , swaying slowly to the heavy beat . 
 it feels better than i care to admit . 
 holden 's fingers snake through my hair and my back arches , pushing into him even deeper . 
 i do n't mean to do it . 
 i do n't want to be this needy , but i ca n't help myself . 
 a moan echoes in his chest and i close my eyes , letting my body enjoy what he 's doing to me without allowing my pesky brain to interfere . 
 suddenly , holden pulls back . 
 his hands rest on my hips , holding me at an arm 's length . 
 then they travel up the sides of my body and stop dangerously close to my breasts . 
 i am on high alert , feeling every sensation . 
 i pray my tank top covers up what he 's doing to me . 
 but when holden 's eyes skim down the length of my body , there 's no hope as my nipples tighten against my cotton shirt . 
 god , no . 
 do n't look there . 
 he pauses a beat too long on my chest and he pulls me in again . 
 `` are you ready to leave ? '' 
 the understatement of the millennium . 
 `` i am , '' i say , willing my body to calm down . 
 something i 've never had to do before with a guy . 
 usually , i had to talk myself into feeling something -- begging my body to react . 
 even with thomas . 
 i wanted to want to be with him , and i really tried . 
 he was perfect , at least i thought so at the time . 
 but i think it was the idea of him i liked , not the real person . 
 this , what i 'm feeling now , is new and unsettling . 
 holden grabs my hand and links his fingers through mine , a movement even more intimate than the dance . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` yeah , let 's go , '' i answer . 
 hand in hand , we walk out the door . 
 chapter 3 holden walks me to my apartment door , but does n't move when i open it . 
 oh no . 
 he 's going to make me ask him in . 
 well , that 's mortifying . 
 he puts his hand on my shoulder and turns me to face him . 
 `` hey , scout , '' he says , tipping his head down . 
 `` what is your real name , anyway ? '' 
 `` tabitha , '' i tell him . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he smiles and takes hold of my hands . 
 `` because i 'd like to know the name of the girl i 'm going to kiss . '' 
 then , without waiting for a response , he brushes his lips against mine . 
 it 's slow and sweet at first . 
 his lips are soft and smell like mint . 
 and just as i 'm getting used to the sensation , he brings my lower lip into his mouth and takes a little bite . 
 my entire body tenses and my head goes light . 
 i grip his arms for balance -- his hard , taut arms cut in lean muscle . 
 it 's ridiculous what he 's doing to me . 
 he continues to explore my mouth and jaw and neck . 
 it does nothing for my equilibrium , so i have to hang on . 
 holden clears his throat and looks down at me , shifting the weight on his feet . 
 `` it 's late . 
 i better let you get inside . '' 
 he takes a step back . 
 i take a step forward . 
 `` i like you , tabitha , '' he says , reaching out to rub my arms . 
 `` i do n't want to overstep here , we just met and -- '' this time , i leap forward to silence him . 
 my lips crash into his and he welcomes it . 
 i inhale his musky scent and want more . 
 i rise up to my tiptoes and link my hands around his neck . 
 i want to hold him here and stop time . 
 it 's unexpected , this draw i have to this guy i just met . 
 holden pulls me up to him , his arms snug around my back to hold me in place . 
 he stays in that moment with me , our tongues exploring while our bodies cling to each other . 
 the moment does n't last . 
 soon the mood becomes urgent , desperate . 
 holden 's hands tangle in my hair , turning my head so he can deepen the kiss . 
 his movements are frantic and i love knowing it 's me doing this to him . 
 i also know that i can stop it at any time -- and knowing that gives me the courage to keep going . 
 holden drops his hands to my waist . 
 they quickly make their way under my shirt . 
 he runs his fingers down the length of my back and then before i can process what 's going on , he skillfully unclasps my bra . 
 we 're still in the hallway where anyone could see us , but i do n't care . 
 it almost heightens the experience . 
 he exhales , his breath hot on my neck , and i melt into him . 
 there 's this amazing push-pull thing going on with us . 
 it 's a dance , really . 
 i take the lead -- just the way i like it . 
 then , he steals it back , knowing exactly what to do to make my body surrender . 
 something i ca n't let happen . 
 i need that spotlight tonight . 
 it 's time to make the big move . 
 i pull away from him and look into his eyes . 
 i smile as i lift his t-shirt from his jeans and slide my hands up to his chest . 
 he 's ripped and his skin is smooth and incredibly warm . 
 he 's vulnerable in my hands , exposed . 
 power surges through me and i rest a protective hand on his heart so i can feel each erratic beat . 
 then i begin my descent . 
 his breathing now matches his heartbeat . 
 i bring my hand to his stomach , trailing the light path of hair down to his waist , before dipping my fingers under his jeans . 
 holden 's grip tightens around my ribs and he kisses me with so much force he almost knocks the wind out of me . 
 this incredibly erotic dance continues as he takes over . 
 his hands release their death grip on my body and travel upward . 
 but just before they reach his intended destination , i yank him inside my apartment . 
 this time , he does n't argue . 
 he follows willingly , kicking the door shut behind him . 
 we fall onto my couch and his head smacks into mine . 
 `` ouch . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` sorry , tabitha . '' 
 he kisses my forehead , my nose , my lips . 
 `` sorry , '' he says again , brushing his lips on my chin , my neck , my chest . 
 he lifts me onto his lap and we sit face to face with my thighs straddling his . 
 he gently tugs on my tank top , gathering the bottom as he slides it up over my head . 
 even though the clasp is open , my bra still covers me . 
 but i 'm not sure for how long . 
 holden kisses me over the silk . 
 still , the kisses are warm and wet , almost as if on my bare skin . 
 when he does it a second time , i feel like i 'm going to explode . 
 time to get this situation back under my control . 
 i drop the bra straps off my shoulders and holden 's eyes cloud . 
 slowly , i slip the bra off and let it drop to the floor . 
 holden appears to be frozen . 
 he sits , staring at me , without a single movement . 
 taking advantage of the situation , i lift his shirt off . 
 my eyes meet his and i hold his gaze while i undo the top button of his jeans . 
 he closes his eyes and tips his head back . 
 i ca n't believe how much i want him in this moment . 
 i ca n't wait any longer . 
 sliding off him , i take his hand and bring him to my bedroom . 
 i giggle to myself , knowing he does n't stand a chance . 
 chapter 4 holden sits patiently on my bed while i light a candle . 
 who knew when i would do this again , if ever , so i decide to make the most of it . 
 i look over my shoulder at this man on my bed , his naked chest a map of beautiful plains and valleys . 
 he looks even better in candlelight , if that 's possible . 
 i sigh at the sight of him , off in my dreamy world , until he crooks his finger in my direction . 
 `` i ca n't wait , '' he says and i know i do n't want him to . 
 as i walk toward him , toward the bed , i am extremely aware i have no shirt or bra on . 
 but i do n't mind . 
 he 's the one i picked , the one i want . 
 holden reaches out to me and laces his fingers in that intimate way and i swear i float up off the floor . 
 i want to ask him his real name , but that will just make all of this more real , and more difficult . 
 no , he will just be my perfect holden tonight . 
 his lips find mine again as he pulls me down to the bed . 
 each touch is magnified on my skin . 
 all i see , hear , and feel is him . 
 he parts my lips , but i soon take control , brushing my tongue along his . 
 gentle and soft , i taste every bit of him , and then push my body against his . 
 when his breathing becomes ragged , i move a little faster and push a little deeper . 
 he has no trouble keeping up , nipping at my lips , down my neck , and up to my ear . 
 the sting of it has me on fire . 
 `` is this okay ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 his voice sends chills all the way down my body , settling between my legs . 
 but i ca n't exactly tell him that . 
 instead , i nod my reply and show him just what he 's doing to me . 
 i roll over so i 'm on top and plant a trail of kisses along his neck . 
 down his chest . 
 across his incredibly muscular stomach . 
 my fingers explore his skin , reveling in the heat of it until i reach the waistband of his jeans . 
 `` tabitha . '' 
 holden 's voice is raspy , and the way he says my name does something to me . 
 something delicious . 
 i 'm giddy at the thought of what 's going to happen next . 
 i 'm going to have sex with this beautiful man and put my ugly past behind me . 
 i will finally be okay again . 
 it 's really going to happen this time . 
 i sit up to help him slide off his pants and i see my reflection in the mirror above my dresser . 
 my top gone , breasts exposed , and a guy in the background . 
 i lose my balance and suddenly it 's hard to breathe . 
 `` tabitha ? '' 
 holden sits up , reaching for me instantly . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 before i can answer , the pictures flip in my head -- just as it happened that morning when thomas shoved all those terrible images in my face . 
 photos from his party . 
 that night started innocently enough . 
 my friend megan and i went to his house to put on a little dance for his birthday . 
 he always asked me to dance for him , and i thought it 'd be a fun way to celebrate . 
 in private . 
 but megan talked me into doing a number as entertainment at the party . 
 we wo n't strip or anything , she said . 
 just put on a little show . 
 it will be fun . 
 it was stupid and careless . 
 someone slipped something into my drink before we went out to surprise thomas . 
 i blacked out soon after , but there was plenty of documentation from the night . 
 the next morning i stood there with thomas , unable to move , as all the pictures from the night fluttered to the floor . 
 photos of me dancing . 
 sitting on laps . 
 posing with the guys from the party . 
 in most of them , i was topless , only wearing a pair of tiny panties . 
 `` tabitha ? '' 
 holden wraps an arm around me . 
 `` are you okay there , little one ? '' 
 no , not even close . 
 he rubs my back and i want nothing more than to fall into him . 
 `` ugh . '' 
 i search for an excuse to get out of this mess . 
 this was another terrible idea . 
 what was i thinking ? 
 `` it 's all those mojitos , '' i tell him now . 
 `` they 're catching up to me . '' 
 i grab a blanket and wrap it around me , no longer wanting to be on display . 
 `` i do n't feel well . '' 
 i drop my head . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 holden tips my chin to meet my eyes . 
 his are warm , full of concern . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he helps slide me back into bed and pulls the covers up over me . 
 and i try to put the memories far away , to the back of my mind . 
 for the next twenty minutes , holden plays nurse . 
 he feeds me advil , makes tea , and puts a bucket on the side of my bed . 
 then he crawls in next to me . 
 we fall asleep . 
 and it 's nice . 
 until i wake up at four in the morning and discover he 's still in my bed . 
 `` alright . '' 
 i shake him awake . 
 holden looks at me all sleepy and adorable . 
 i want to kiss him senseless , but the sun will be up soon and i 've missed my chance . 
 the plan was a one-night stand , not a lingering affair that bleeds into daylight . 
 i have to steady my breathing when holden 's lips turn up into a soft smile . 
 i move to get up , but before i can , he gathers me in his arms and rolls over , putting all his weight on me . 
 i ca n't help but giggle . 
 out loud . 
 when was the last time i did that ? 
 i slap his shoulder . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` better , '' i tell him . 
 `` that 's just what i wanted to hear . '' 
 he kisses me slow and deep , and i ca n't help but get lost for a minute . 
 my body and brain battle it out while i fall into holden . 
 eventually , my brain wins . 
 `` i loved the sexy male nurse routine , '' i say , pushing him off me . 
 `` but it 's time for you to go , mister . '' 
 `` are you sure i ca n't stay the night ? '' 
 he asks , nuzzling his face in the crook of my neck . 
 `` i 'm sure , '' i mumble , breathing in his wintery scent one last time . 
 `` thank you , though . 
 it was fun . '' 
 he chuckles -- a deep throaty laugh that made me pick him in the first place . 
 a laugh that has me reconsidering my answer . 
 i think he knows what he does to me because his pause is the mother of all pauses . 
 i know he 's waiting for me to change my mind , but i stay strong . 
 `` okay , tabitha . '' 
 he shakes his head and his adorable mop of sandy hair falls in his eyes . 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 i stand my ground . 
 `` i 'll see -- '' crap , i so want to change my mind . 
 `` i 'll see you around . '' 
 i recover before burying my head in the pillow . 
 the mattress springs up as he stands and i hear the zipper on his jeans -- the way he looks in them is the other reason i picked him . 
 then , he leans in real close . 
 `` oh , and by the way , '' he whispers . 
 `` the name is noah . 
 you know , in case you 're thinking about me later . 
 good to have a name with the face . 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 i grumble as he lets himself out . 
 chapter 5 the morning sunlight feels like it 's burning a hole through the window in my room and forces me to get up . 
 my head throbs and i swear i can feel acid swirling in my stomach . 
 that 's what i get for faking sickness . 
 now i have a real hangover to contend with . 
 i shuffle to my bathroom , cursing the mojitos that sounded like such a good idea last night . 
 i should be used to it by now ; i 've been waking up like this on a regular basis ever since i moved into my new place . 
 still , my body refuses to get used to the booze and late hours . 
 in the bathroom , i notice my belly is adorned with imprints from the button and stitching of my jeans . 
 something that tends to happen when you sleep in your clothes . 
 my tank top still smells like stale beer and there are three little marks -- hickeys ! 
 -- running across my chest . 
 a parting gift from ... noah . 
 i mean ... what 's his name . 
 there , that 's better . 
 names just make everything messy . 
 though i push his name out of my head , it 's not as easy to push away the images of last night . 
 the way he linked our hands together , and touched my skin , and kissed me so desperately i thought we might both die if we parted . 
 i put my cheery , yellow teakettle on the stove and sit down in the kitchen when more practical matters pull me out of my schoolgirl daydream . 
 a pile of papers on the kitchen table calls my name , so i get to work . 
 i start school on monday and need to go through my class schedule , buy books , and get a jump-start on some of the coursework . 
 my hands go clammy just thinking about starting classes at the university -- where my father just happens to be a professor -- but i will myself back to work . 
 dad thinks i 'm getting better and i need to play along or it 's back to lockup for me . 
 so i 've made a deal with myself , complete with goals and objectives . 
 my shrink would be so proud . 
 d-day is this monday . 
 no more depression , or drinking , or men . 
 and absolutely no more acting like a total head case . 
 it will be the first day of my new life , and i do n't think it can come soon enough for my dad or for amy . 
 amy has been my stepmom forever . 
 we 've spent summer vacations and holidays together since i was eight , but living in the same city has made things a little awkward between us . 
 she does n't quite know what to do with a full-time stepdaughter hanging around all the time . 
 it 's like she 's secretly waiting for me to pack up my things and go back home like i 've always done after my visits . 
 still , i think she 's amazing and as juvenile as it sounds , i 've always wanted to be just like her . 
 if i was more like amy , i could take responsibility for my actions and not apologize for them . 
 i could make my own decisions and not be haunted by my mistakes . 
 if i was more like amy , i would not let a bunch of ignorant assholes rule my life and surely would n't have let them chase me out of my home in chicago . 
 but let 's face it , i 'm not amy . 
 i 'm tabitha kelly , my mother 's daughter , and both amy and dad are afraid to do anything that might put tabitha over the edge . 
 so , they remain on suicide watch : hourly calls , daily check-ins , and regular inquiries into my therapy . 
 i moved here more than six months ago and nothing 's changed . 
 it 's not all bad . 
 i do have my own place now . 
 the shrink gave me the okay two months ago . 
 i was tired of putting dad and amy out . 
 plus , i need my own space for my ... extracurriculars . 
 or so i thought . 
 what was supposed to be my summer of sleepovers with random boys turned out to be a bunch of near misses -- even with holden . 
 of course , mom would 've easily put me up in an apartment to keep me out of town , but i insisted on paying my own way . 
 with the hush money from the settlement , finances are not a problem . 
 the kettle whistles and i move my achy body over to the stove to make some tea , hoping it will help soothe my stomach . 
 sitting at the distressed wood kitchen table i found at a flea market , i breathe in the earthy aroma wafting up from my mug . 
 my new home is filled with similar treasures from junk shops and yard sales . 
 it 's my absolute favorite place to be . 
 after the tea , i finally feel content enough to finish my work . 
 at dad 's request , i 'm taking two courses and an independent study this semester . 
 it 's the bare minimum to be considered full time . 
 after i was forced to leave school mid-semester last year , i 'm already far behind and this will only make it worse . 
 but dad insists i take it slow . 
 he also insisted that i take my independent study at the school newspaper -- one of his responsibilities at the university . 
 i ca n't imagine the strings he pulled to make that happen . 
 too soon , my work is finished and so , unfortunately , is my distraction . 
 all alone , i move into the living room and cuddle up on the squishy couch . 
 i love this couch and the soft blanket that 's always draped across it . 
 at my old house , there were no squishy couches , and you surely were n't allowed to cuddle there in the living room . 
 heaven forbid . 
 no , there was no cuddling . 
 we had sofas , bureaus , and glass tables -- ivory , polished , and cold -- meant to be seen , not to be used . 
 i do n't think mom would be a fan of my eclectic little studio apartment on the mississippi river . 
 i settle in and the countdown begins : two days left of freedom . 
 then it 's back to the real world . 
 on the coffee table next to me a stack of magazines wait to be read . 
 i wade through photography , ms. magazine , and psychology today -- courtesy of dad and amy . 
 idle minds , you know . 
 but the quiet is unsettling so i turn on the tv for background noise . 
 i 'm flipping through the pictures in photography , when i start to doze . 
 not sleeping exactly , more like daydreaming . 
 or remembering . 
 the memories never stay put , and when they surface , i feel the hole in my chest expand . 
 just like that , i 'm back there at the house on fawn hill . 
 they 're all there : thomas , his friends , and megan . 
 i hear their laughter ringing in my ears . 
 i want to leave , run away , and never look back . 
 but i do n't . 
 i ca n't . 
 i blink awake , my heart pounding . 
 i 've been here so many times before . 
 i pick up the magazine and try to ignore what 's going on inside of me . 
 the pages blur and wave . 
 even when i refocus , they continue to move . 
 closing my eyes , i go to my peaceful place : my grandmother 's garden . 
 it 's a trick i learned from my shrink to keep from slipping into a full-blown panic attack . 
 i feel better for a minute . 
 it does n't last . 
 i 'm hot and sweaty . 
 my bangs are matted to my forehead and my stomach churns . 
 i stay in that frozen state for minutes , hours , maybe . 
 i have no idea . 
 an alarm is going off and i ca n't seem to make sense of it until i identify the source . 
 my phone . 
 it reads : 11:00 a.m. campus tour . 
 shit ! 
 i forgot all about it in my hung-over state this morning . 
 dad 's taking me around the campus today in ... fifteen minutes . 
 the hardwood floors of my apartment creak as i race to my room . 
 at the door , i bend over and try to catch my breath . 
 this time it 's not because of a panic attack , it 's because i 'm completely out of shape . 
 my heart is ready to jump out of my chest . 
 pathetic . 
 my old dance instructor would be disgusted with my current state of health . 
 i get dressed without collapsing , reminding myself to breathe along the way . 
 i 'm slow and sore . 
 my muscles are now mush , much like my brain . 
 i make my bed and something on the table catches my eye . 
 it 's a necklace . 
 i lift it and a silver cross dangles from the bottom . 
 holden . 
 he must 've taken it off last night . 
 dad announces his arrival with his signature five knocks . 
 i 'm not sure why , but i throw the necklace over my head , hiding it under my shirt , and run to the door . 
 when i open it , there is no evidence of my shaky physical -- or mental -- state . 
 i look like any other twenty-one-year-old college student with my skinny jeans , ballet flats , and messenger bag . 
 `` there she is , '' dad says , making his way in to plant a kiss on my forehead . 
 always the professor , he peers at me over his glasses . 
 he is perfectly disheveled with his shaggy hair , wearing a cotton blazer that only partially covers his tom petty t-shirt . 
 `` hi , dad . '' 
 i raise my voice a full octave and give him a warm hug . 
 `` big day . 
 you ready ? '' 
 `` more than ready , '' i lie . 
 got ta fake it , ’til you make it . 
 chapter 6 dad shows me around campus and i feign interest in the history of the university . 
 it 's a small liberal arts college with almost a small-town feel in the middle of the city -- polar opposite of my old school . 
 dad 's brought me here over the years to show me where he works and to pick up things from time to time during my visits , but i never realized how beautiful it really is . 
 the streets , canopied by the hundred-year-old oak trees , reveal meticulous gardens and pristine stone buildings . 
 i 'd give anything to have started my college career here , under the watchful eye of my father , instead of illinois where too much freedom and too little intellect sent me into a complete free fall . 
 we take my schedule and check out the locations for all of my classes . 
 then we tour the cafeteria , commons area , resource center , and the center for the arts -- where dad is sure to mention all the upcoming dance productions . 
 yes , he 's been checking for me . 
 i want to tell him we went over all of this at orientation , but i ca n't burst his bubble . 
 he 's having too much fun playing tour guide . 
 the day goes by in a blur and i 'm so emotionally spent by the time we 're done -lrb- not to mention still sick from my massive hangover -rrb- , i fall asleep in my old bedroom at dad and amy 's house after our celebratory lunch . 
 it seems like only minutes later when amy comes to get me up . 
 her long hair tickles my face as she leans over me . 
 `` hey , sleepyhead , '' she sings . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i ask her when she sits on my bed . 
 over the past few months , it has n't been unusual for me to sleep the days away . 
 `` six o’clock , '' she says . 
 `` i just came up to tell you that dinner will be ready soon . '' 
 she flips on the lamp and the room glows soft amber . 
 amy passes me a mug of tea , her answer to everything . 
 tired ? 
 ginseng tea . 
 sick ? 
 green tea with rose hips . 
 trying to lose weight ? 
 peppermint . 
 trouble sleeping ? 
 chamomile . 
 i take a sip . 
 ginseng . 
 in other words , no more laying around like a slug . 
 when i get downstairs , the house is filled with scents from amy 's edible arsenal : garlic , lemon , cream . 
 she 's made some sort of linguine concoction , but it does n't really matter what she serves . 
 i 'll sit and eat like i always do . 
 most of the time i eat too much because my body 's sensors are n't working and i have no idea when i 'm hungry or full , or tired or sick . 
 i feel the same at all times . 
 i 'm a robot , simply going through the motions . 
 therapy has taught me i have ptsd from the events of that night at thomas ' house . 
 and checking out , making myself numb , is one way i 've learned to cope . 
 drinking and trying to pick up random guys is another . 
 amy dishes up the food and dad sets the table . 
 it 's a scene i ca n't get used to . 
 at home with mom , mealtime was more formal and mom ran the show . 
 she worked tirelessly to impress my stepfather stephen and his son , michael . 
 but fancy and gourmet was not the ticket to winning over a guy like michael . 
 i smile at the thought of my stepbrother . 
 he 's really the only one i miss from home . 
 dad puts a carton of milk on the table and flashes a smile at me . 
 he 's back in his usual garb -- jeans and a t-shirt . 
 his blazer hangs on the back of the chair . 
 being back here makes me feel like a kid again . 
 this scene was supposed to be so different . 
 i should n't be here now . 
 i should be going back to college in illinois after a summer abroad with dad . 
 we were supposed to go to costa rica to help build a new school in a small village off the coast . 
 i could n't wait to go , to do something that meant so much to him . 
 i was even working ahead in spanish , hoping it 'd help . 
 dad had it all planned , i would even be back in plenty of time for the summer ballet clinic . 
 instead , i ruined everything and ended up at new beginnings , a temporary residence for the seriously fucked up . 
 we all sit down to dinner and dad starts with a bang , firing off question after question . 
 there is no covering up the fact dad is a journalist . 
 he could be dean of the j program but he loves teaching too much . 
 `` so you were pretty beat after the tour . 
 what do you think on the campus ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` it 's beautiful , dad . '' 
 `` you know there 's a state-of-the-art technology lab and the resource center is amazing . 
 i know you 're a little behind now , but wait until you 're locked into your major . 
 the psych program is one of the best in the country . '' 
 the irony of my major is n't lost on me . 
 i only hope that i can heal myself before i work to heal others . 
 that is really what this summer was about , taking control of my body and taking control of a sexual situation to undo what happened in illinois . 
 `` geez . '' 
 amy laughs at dad . 
 `` she 's already registered , honey . 
 you do n't need to give her the hard sell . '' 
 `` i 'm sure i 'm going to be really happy there , dad . 
 really , '' i say . 
 that seems to assure him and he 's able to stop grilling me for the rest of dinner . 
 `` so , '' i say as our meal comes to an end . 
 `` i was thinking ... there 's a modern dance performance downtown that i was hoping to catch tonight . '' 
 this is my chance to get a night to myself . 
 if i do n't do something fast , they 'll talk me into an evening of old movies and popcorn . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 dad asks . 
 `` you 've had a long day already . 
 i thought we could -- `` i interrupt , knowing where he 's going . 
 `` i want to go , dad . 
 once classes start , i 'll be too busy to catch a show . 
 and i kinda miss it . '' 
 there . 
 that should do it . 
 looking at my plate , i can feel their questioning eyes on me , but instead of filling the silence with my blubbering , i shovel in the rest of amy 's pasta . 
 anytime i mention anything related to dance , dad and amy are thrilled . 
 i feel a little guilty leading them on ; i have no intention of making ballet part of my life again . 
 but , you got ta do what you got ta do . 
 `` that 's great , tab , '' dad says . 
 `` maybe we could all go . '' 
 he looks to amy . 
 `` that sounds fun . '' 
 amy jumps on board . 
 `` it 's been forever since we 've been to a production and plus , we do n't want you walking around alone down there . '' 
 i did n't even think of the safety issue . 
 great . 
 got out of movie night , but now i have deal with two chaperones . 
 *** surprisingly , spending the evening with dad and amy is n't too bad . 
 it 's already the end of the second act . 
 the company is performing a beautiful lyrical number that is captivating . 
 before i know it , the music fills me . 
 and as the tempo picks up , my muscles contract . 
 a man and woman move together on stage and i feel a breeze on my face every time he picks her up . 
 after a minute or two , the harsh reality hits . 
 it 's not me out there on the stage . 
 i 'm in the audience , with my parents . 
 it 's painful to realize that i 'll never be out there again and nobody in my new life will know i was the lead in the last five dance productions at my university . 
 or that i could 've easily done that lift that had the crowd cheering and even added a few more turns to that dancer 's amazing pirouettes . 
 but , being invisible is why i 'm here . 
 a new beginning and a safe place to finish school . 
 a place where i can stay in the shadows . 
 a place where suffocating loneliness is so much better than the alternative . 
 still , i miss dancing so much it hurts . 
 the music fades away and the dancers take their final bows . 
 once we 're out of the auditorium , dad and amy run into some friends . 
 the crowd makes me itchy so i excuse myself to the bathroom and tell them i 'll wait outside . 
 as i shove through the crowd to the doors , my program falls to the floor . 
 i lean over to pick it up between the moving legs and feet . 
 once i snag it , i bounce up , smashing my nose into a massive chest and the intoxicating scent of woods and spice . 
 like winter . 
 oh no , not here . 
 i look up and there 's noah in all his beauty , complete with his mussed hair hanging in his eyes . 
 he looks at me and smiles . 
 `` tabitha ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i try to act casual . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` that 's odd . '' 
 he bites his lip . 
 `` i was just thinking about you . '' 
 my insides warm but my brain warns , danger , danger . 
 `` uh , yeah , about last night , '' i start . 
 noah takes a step closer . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` sorry that it did n't work out , but that was a one-time thing . 
 i 'm not in the habit of picking up guys in bars . '' 
 `` good to hear . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` yeah , that was more of an experiment . '' 
 shut up , tabitha ! 
 `` interesting , '' he says . 
 `` what kind of experiment ? '' 
 `` long story . 
 i 'm a psych major -- '' disengage ! 
 `` never mind . 
 point is , that type of thing wo n't happen again . '' 
 `` well , since i was a part of this so-called experiment . 
 i think i have a right to know more about it . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 i try giving him my coldest stare , but it does n't seem to faze him . 
 `` just forget i said anything . '' 
 `` that 's the problem . '' 
 his lips are at my ear . 
 `` i ca n't seem to forget anything about you . '' 
 i take a step back and noah guides me away from the crowd . 
 `` so , how did you sleep ? '' 
 he asks with the most devilish look in his eyes . 
 i ignore him . 
 this is so not what i needed tonight . 
 or ever . 
 `` what are you doing here anyway ? '' 
 i ask , suddenly creeped out . 
 `` omigod ! 
 are you stalking me now ? '' 
 he laughs and the sound of it does the same thing to me that it did the first time . 
 i immediately want to take him home and have an encore of last night . 
 without stopping . 
 `` i like a girl with a healthy ego , '' he says . 
 `` well , do n't take this the wrong way . '' 
 i smile through gritted teeth . 
 `` you do n't seem like the type of guy who enjoys modern dance . '' 
 noah looks me over and his eyes stop at my neck before they go all soft . 
 oh no . 
 the cross . 
 he knows i 'm wearing his cross and now he 's getting all misty . 
 i reach for his necklace . 
 i have to give it back before he gets the wrong idea . 
 `` do n't let first impressions fool you , tabitha , '' he says . 
 `` despite my soft spot for girls who want to take me home and do unspeakable things , i 'm actually quite cultured . 
 i 'm also -- '' noah stops and before i can take off the necklace , i feel a large hand rest on my shoulder . 
 dad . 
 `` noah adler ? '' 
 dad questions . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i freeze , unable to say a word . 
 `` hey , mr. kelly , '' noah says , not at all flustered by the development that he knows the father of his almost one-night stand . 
 `` i 'm doing a feature on one of the dancers for a community paper . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 dad beams . 
 `` happy to hear you 've been keeping up on your writing over the summer . '' 
 then dad looks at me . 
 `` how do you two know each other ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i met tabby at orientation , '' noah says , not missing a beat . 
 he 's good . 
 `` i was taking pictures for our back-to-school edition . 
 i did n't know she was your daughter though . '' 
 so not only does he know dad , he works with him on the newspaper . 
 `` well , let me do the formal introductions , '' dad says . 
 `` tabby , this is noah adler , a budding journalist and my most trusted ta . '' 
 and the hits just keep on coming . 
 `` noah , '' dad continues . 
 `` this is my brilliant , talented , one and only daughter , tabitha kelly . '' 
 noah 's dimple winks and i want to smack him . 
 he offers a hand so i do the same , and when he grabs it i warm instantly . 
 `` nice to officially meet you , tabitha kelly . '' 
 i nod , feeling my face turning red . 
 i need to make a graceful exit . 
 now . 
 all of this is just too much . 
 `` well , we better get moving , '' i say to nobody in particular . 
 `` i still have a lot of work to get to before monday . '' 
 noah raises an eyebrow and i resist the urge to flip him off . 
 `` oh , okay , tab . 
 let me go get amy . 
 she 's still talking to the petersons . 
 meet me at the car . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , again , '' i tell noah , for my dad 's benefit only . 
 he says something , but i do n't hear him in my rush out to the parking lot . 
 `` nice ride , '' someone says from behind , commenting on dad 's classic saab convertible . 
 i turn around and he 's there once again . 
 silence . 
 `` i thought we said our goodbyes , '' i finally say . 
 `` i just wanted to be sure you got to your car okay . 
 from what i remember , you 're not the most cautious person . '' 
 `` well , thank you for that , but i 'm fine . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` completely , '' i say , knowing it 's time to take care of this awkward situation . 
 `` look , i appreciate you trying to be all cordial with me , especially after realizing who my dad is . 
 but do n't worry . 
 last night was fun , but as i said before , no strings . 
 we 're cool . '' 
 `` great . 
 then maybe we could come to another show together some time . 
 this modern dance really grows on a guy . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , noah . 
 i 'm not into dating or anything like that . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 he asks in his nice easy way . 
 `` that does n't sound very healthy to me , to deny yourself such a thing . 
 especially with a specimen as fine as myself . '' 
 `` that 's where you 're wrong . '' 
 i smile and open the car door . 
 healthy is exactly what it is . 
 `` well , alright , tabitha , '' noah says as he shuffles his feet , clearly uncomfortable . 
 `` have a good weekend . '' 
 `` uh , yeah , '' i stammer , reaching for noah 's cross resting on my chest . 
 i take the chain and slide it over his head , placing it back where it belongs . 
 and i pretend i do n't feel the current that runs through me when i touch him . 
 `` enjoy the weekend . '' 
 i quickly jump into the car and give noah a lame wave . 
 dad and amy drop me by my apartment . 
 after dad parks in front of my building , he leans across the seat . 
 `` are you coming for dinner tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so , '' i tell him . 
 `` i have a lot to get done before classes start . '' 
 `` okay , honey , '' amy says , squeezing dad 's thigh . 
 `` goodnight , tab , '' they say in unison . 
 `` night , guys . '' 
 inside my sanctuary , i fall in a heap on my bed , utterly exhausted from the day . 
 still , i feel thankful , almost optimistic , like maybe i really will get a second chance here . 
 i do n't know if it was the performance , or my parents , or -- i do n't even want to go there -- noah , but i decide it might just be time to start living again . 
 chapter 7 dad and amy pretty much leave me alone over the weekend . 
 i use the time to get a jump-start on my coursework and before i know it , it 's monday . 
 d-day . 
 dad waits for me in front of my apartment . 
 he insists on driving me even though i only live two blocks away . 
 we drive in silence , though his mouth opens a few times and i catch him stealing several looks at me . 
 we pull up to a big brick building . 
 dad pats my legs and pulls me in to kiss my forehead . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , tabby , '' he says in a strong voice , but his shaky hands give him away . 
 i want to comfort him . 
 `` yes , it will dad , '' i mimic his tone . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 i force a smile , it 's the best i can do . 
 after my first class , i 'm not so sure . 
 i float in my own little bubble through the crowded buildings , isolated from the other students . 
 i struggle to maneuver around them as i move from class to class . 
 there is no connection to them . 
 i am alone . 
 not just alone , but invisible . 
 i 'm in a new place with new people , but the isolation is the same . 
 just the way it had become by the time i left illinois . 
 after poly sci , i feel a full panic attack coming on . 
 i want my bed , my room , my nest of safety . 
 i have to settle for the restroom instead . 
 disgusting ? 
 yes , but i do n't have a lot of choices . 
 when i first came to stay with dad and amy , they were so scared . 
 you could see it in their eyes . 
 a normal person would 've felt bad for them , but i really did n't feel anything . 
 it barely registered . 
 but now , i see their faces whenever i go to that dark place -- whenever i think about doing bad things to myself . 
 i know i have to get better . 
 at least for them . 
 i 've even started doing some breathing and meditation coping exercises . 
 dad noticed the change right away and you 've never seen a happier parent . 
 i liked being the cause of something good for once . 
 getting dad and amy off my back was n't the only benefit to partaking in therapy , it actually helped . 
 the only problem is , like everything , it does n't last . 
 my head is cloudy , but i keep my eyes on the restroom sign . 
 around the corner , i open the first door i see . 
 a mop comes falling out , hitting me on the head . 
 nice . 
 i opened the door to a janitor 's closet . 
 i slide the mop back in and slowly close the door , trying to play cool . 
 like i did n't just walk into a closet . 
 when i finally find the right place , i pick a stall , lock the door , and lean up against it . 
 the bathroom here is nothing like one that graced the university in illinois . 
 there 's no sitting area with a sofa . 
 no marble floors or granite countertops . 
 it 's strictly functional décor here , with a bit of an institutional flare . 
 something i should be accustomed to , considering i spent most of the summer in lockdown . 
 i close my eyes and imagine getting through this day intact . 
 i imagine sitting through my classroom with no whispers or giggles or looks . 
 i imagine walking home in peace . 
 i hold that scene in my mind -- i 'm outside with the wind in my hair as i breathe in ... until the door next to me opens . 
 under the partition , i see a pair of coach boots tapping on the dirty tiled floor . 
 how stupid to be noticing such details now , but i ca n't help it . 
 that 's what happens when you 've been groomed by a superficial mother . 
 from what i 've seen so far , there 's not much fashion sense -- or nonsense -- to deal with here . 
 the land of 10,000 lakes is not over the top with girls looking like they just stepped off the runway or guys who use more hair products than i ... well , than i used to . 
 the people here seem more real . 
 almost normal . 
 the pain in my chest grows , throbbing with each heartbeat . 
 i feel the tears coming , the unshakable kind . 
 i hold my breath to keep them at bay . 
 i hold it until my eyes feel like they 're ready to pop out of my skull . 
 when i ca n't hold it a minute longer , i open my mouth and a loud sob escapes my throat . 
 followed by three more . 
 my stall mate hears me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she asks . 
 my face burns and the walls close in , but i find a way to deal . 
 slowly , i open the door and slip out of the stall without saying a word . 
 being invisible has its perks . 
 chapter 8 out of sheer willpower , i pull myself together and get through the next two classes . 
 when i make it to my final class of the day , miss cute boots is standing outside the door . 
 my heart races and i wipe my clammy hands on my pants . 
 i 'm hoping she does n't remember my black ballet flats next to her in the bathroom stall or recognize my voice . 
 i just have to get through the next sixty minutes . 
 my nerves calm when i realize she wo n't notice me or my shoes . 
 as i get closer , i can see she 's huddled in with a guy , yet it 's anything but cozy . 
 she keeps her distance with a hand planted into a nonexistent waist while her hip juts out in a sharp angle . 
 you can feel the chill in the air . 
 the guy moves in and rests his hand gently on her arm like he 's afraid she 'll break . 
 christ , it 's noah . 
 again . 
 he says something to her , but she interrupts and tells him to back off . 
 his response is no more than a whisper , but i can feel the vibration of his low , deep voice . 
 it cuts to the bone -- in the best way , comforting and warm . 
 i look down and shuffle past them to get into the classroom , wondering why they chose such a high-traffic area to have an obviously private convo . 
 `` i just want to help , jenna , '' noah says . 
 `` you 've done quite enough , '' cute boots snaps . 
 i find a spot in the classroom , near the back , and quickly pull out my phone , pretending to be engaged in an important message . 
 the bell rings and noah and friend rush into class . 
 `` jenna , '' the girl next to me chirps and claps like a seal , except silently . 
 jenna , aka cute boots , is taking care of her paperwork with the professor . 
 she looks over her shoulder , smiles back , and waves . 
 `` how was europe ? '' 
 the girl mouths as the professor tells everyone to take their seats . 
 `` so great , '' jenna whispers as she takes the seat in front of me . 
 `` guys ? '' 
 seal clapper whispers back . 
 jenna replies with a dramatic hand to her heart . 
 looks like someone else had an extended summer break -- europe . 
 must be nice . 
 funny , i am both amused and disgusted by this interaction . 
 back in chicago , i would 've fit in with these girls . 
 meticulous clothes , stylish hair -- the radiating cool aura . 
 i had the right kind of hair , right kind of make-up , right kind of life . 
 here ? 
 no so much . 
 if my old friends could see me now , they 'd die . 
 nah , probably not . 
 anything would be believable after last year 's scandal . 
 noah falls into the chair behind me . 
 great , i 'm sandwiched between them . 
 this is going to be a long hour , a longer semester . 
 `` so , everyone , i 'm professor sands , '' the man at the front of the class begins . 
 `` welcome to english composition and literature . 
 these first few weeks of class , we 'll be reading . '' 
 he smiles and then just stands there , leaning back against his desk . 
 his thick salt-and-pepper eyebrows rise , exposing deep roads of wrinkles across his forehead . 
 the vibe is very casual in the small room with less than thirty students . 
 sands sits on his desk and just talks to us -- like we 're in a book club or something . 
 in illinois , this class would be in an auditorium with hundreds of students and a professor broadcasting a lecture over speakers . 
 `` okaaaay . '' 
 jenna takes his bait . 
 `` reading what professor sands ? '' 
 our prof stands up quickly and wades through the maze of desks . 
 `` anything , '' he answers . 
 `` everything , '' he says as he picks books off the desks and holds them up to the heavens like they 're the bible or something . 
 maybe they are to him . 
 he moves to the bookshelf at the front of the room . 
 `` old books , '' he says , holding a battered copy of david copperfield to his chest . 
 `` new books , '' he answers , pretending to struggle under the weight of the latest stephen king . 
 `` steamy books . '' 
 he shakes the heat off his hand after pointing to a paperback bodice ripper . 
 `` books that take us to different worlds . '' 
 he nods to the pile of science fiction novels : brave new world , ender 's game , and fahrenheit 451 . 
 `` celebrated literature , '' he adds and flashes their eyes were watching god , ulysses , and hemingway 's collection of short stories , in our time -- all which happened to be mainstays of dad and amy 's library . 
 i may just stand a chance in this class . 
 `` that 's it guys . 
 we 're reading all semester , but you decide the curriculum . 
 then we talk . 
 what makes a good book ? 
 a bad one ? 
 how can a book change you ? 
 help you ? 
 teach you ? '' 
 i get goose bumps as professor sands talks about books . 
 he 's electric . 
 `` this afternoon , i 'd like you to talk about your favorite books , '' he continues . 
 `` what appeals to you ? 
 how often do you read for pleasure ? 
 what do you get from books ? 
 you get the idea . 
 `` let 's pair up front-to-back people . 
 i 'd like to continue with these pairs for the next few weeks . 
 we 'll have a few group papers and oral assignments , but if you prefer to keep your reading material to yourself , you can do the projects on your own . 
 it 's your choice . '' 
 a tap on my shoulder has me glancing back and i smell it again . 
 winter . 
 `` hi , tabby , '' noah says with a smile that reveals one deep dimple in his right cheek . 
 `` so we meet again , '' i say . 
 `` mmmhmm . 
 i think the universe is trying to tell us something . '' 
 `` yeah , do n't have odd sexual encounters with strangers . '' 
 i exhale with so much force it almost comes out as a groan . 
 i hate to admit i spent much of the weekend thinking about him . 
 his smile . 
 blue eyes . 
 his incredibly sweet personality . 
 his amazing body . 
 but now , when i look at him , all i notice are his full lips . 
 `` so , we already have a jump-start on this discussion . 
 i recall talking about books on friday . 
 do n't you , scout ? '' 
 he wiggles his eyebrows . 
 `` i do n't recall too much from that night , '' i say , pretending to be bored . 
 `` i was drunk , remember ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 i remember everything about that night . '' 
 my body burns as his eyes travel over me . 
 `` please , noah . 
 this situation is awkward enough . 
 can we just forget about it ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , tabby , but i do n't think i can . '' 
 my stomach flips at his words , but i know i ca n't get involved . 
 for one , noah obviously has something going with jenna and her cute boots . 
 two , i do n't do relationships . 
 `` please say you 're up for being partners , '' noah says . 
 `` i promise i wo n't mention friday night again . 
 plus , i really do n't want to write a bunch of essays by myself . '' 
 he flashes an easy smile and i 'm all toasty again . 
 i play along , knowing i 'll choose the solo essay option instead of working on a project with him . 
 i inhale a deep breath and try to steady myself . 
 this is hard . 
 i have n't talked to anyone like this for so long . 
 months and months . 
 even at home with dad and amy , it 's mostly nonverbal on my end . 
 `` okay , tell me what you 're reading , '' i say . 
 noah jumps right in and we spend the rest of the hour talking books . 
 time goes by surprisingly fast as i listen to him talk about the classics , mysteries , and suspense . 
 he tries to engage me , but i let him do most of the talking . 
 it is interesting . 
 he is interesting . 
 by the end of class , noah talks me into doing our first project together . 
 oh , he 's good . 
 chapter 9 a few weeks go by and my life is a series of classes , studies , and the occasional conversation with noah . 
 it seems whatever was going on between him and jenna is over , although she gives me the death glare in class from time to time . 
 still , noah 's made no move to take things any further than friendship . 
 i 'm thankful for that because i do n't think i 'd have the strength to fight him off . 
 all in all , i 'm having a pretty typical college experience , and i could n't be happier . 
 an alert goes off on my phone , reminding me of the meeting . 
 tonight is the kickoff for the university newspaper staff . 
 dad got me in at the last minute , claiming an independent study with the paper would secure my full-time status without a lot of extra stress . 
 he also said he 'd help out if i needed him , and frankly i could use a backup . 
 the newspaper is housed on the second floor in the mass communications building , where dad 's office is . 
 thank god , dad wo n't be there tonight . 
 the last thing i need is for everyone to know i 'm professor kelly 's daughter . 
 anonymity is the key for me here , and after having it these past few weeks at school , i will do anything to protect it . 
 good news is the students basically run the press on their own , dad is really just a glorified resource to help with funding and problems . 
 he assured me that he 's hands off and it 's the editor who runs the show -- which would be perfect if the editor had n't seen me in my underwear . 
 inside the paper 's headquarters , the staff gathers in the commons area . 
 it 's comfortable and bright with a lounge area filled with tvs , computers , and stacks of magazines and newspapers . 
 in the back are a few offices and photo lab . 
 i recognize a girl from my poly sci class and take a seat next to her on the couch . 
 time to play normal . 
 `` hi , '' i say , pulling a notebook and pen from my bag . 
 `` are n't we in poly sci together with professor cass ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she smiles , tucking her long dark hair behind her ear . 
 `` we are . 
 i 'm jules . '' 
 `` tabby . '' 
 `` nice to meet you , '' she says as she struggles with her bag , looking for something . 
 `` you too . '' 
 `` so , where did you transfer from ? '' 
 crap . 
 so much for anonymity . 
 `` is it that obvious i 'm new ? '' 
 `` no , '' she laughs . 
 `` but on the first day , i was behind you on the way out -- aha ! '' 
 jules interrupts herself , obviously finding what she was looking for : a hello kitty band-aid . 
 she slips off her tall black boot and secures the bandage onto a blistered heal . 
 `` damn new boots . '' 
 she blows her bangs off her forehead . 
 `` anyway ... i saw you walk into the closet instead of the bathroom after class . '' 
 christ . 
 `` you saw that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i only laugh because i did the same thing freshman year . '' 
 i smile . 
 there 's something that makes me feel at ease with jules . 
 she 's so different from the girls i hung out with in illinois with her complete ensemble of black clothes , red glasses , and colorful streaks woven into her long locks . 
 then again , i 'm different than i used to be . 
 especially without the shield of my little dance clique . 
 still , jules is so tiny she could be the ballerina . 
 a point made perfectly as a very tall -lrb- and very hot -rrb- guy picks her up , takes her seat , and plops her on his lap . 
 i 'm thankful for the disruption . 
 `` hey , beautiful . '' 
 the guy kisses jules on the cheek . 
 `` stop manhandling me , you neanderthal . '' 
 jules punches him in the arm . 
 `` come on , baby . 
 you know you like to be manhandled . '' 
 `` that may be . '' 
 jules slides off to the other side , leaving the neanderthal sitting in the middle of us . 
 `` but not by the likes of you . '' 
 she leans over his lap now and makes introductions . 
 `` tabby , foster . 
 foster , tabby . '' 
 then she pinches foster 's arm . 
 `` behave , '' she warns . 
 `` hey , tabby . '' 
 foster turns to me , deliberately shutting out jules . 
 `` you a friend of little wednesday addams , here ? '' 
 `` watch it , fester , '' jules yells over his shoulder and i ca n't help but laugh . 
 `` charming , is n't she ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say , honestly . 
 `` she really is . '' 
 foster is on the thin side , but he looks like he 's in shape , a runner maybe . 
 his black hair is short , showing off huge brown eyes . 
 they twinkle as he leans back and puts his arm around jules . 
 `` i know , '' he says . 
 `` that 's why we love her . 
 so how do you guys know each other ? '' 
 `` just met tonight , '' i answer . 
 `` but we 're in the same poly sci class . '' 
 i lean into foster so i can also talk to jules . 
 the two of them tell me how they 've been friends since high school and how they have a love/hate relationship with the paper . 
 jules loves it . 
 she 's a photographer and has won all kinds of awards . 
 foster hates it because he 's a reporter and noah only gives him fluff assignments . 
 `` seriously , tabby . '' 
 foster lowers his voice . 
 `` last year he made me write a piece on college fashion . 
 fashion , tabby . '' 
 he stands up to illustrate his point , showing off his black jeans , beat-up sneakers , and orange hoodie . 
 `` does that sound like something i 'd even be remotely interested in ? 
 that is jerk-him-off jenna 's domain if there ever was one . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 my stomach clenches . 
 `` jenna peterson ? '' 
 `` yep , '' foster says . 
 `` the one and slutty . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 jules asks . 
 `` friend of yours ? '' 
 she looks worried . 
 `` no , '' i say a little too fast . 
 `` it 's just -- '' she had something going on with noah and i do n't like it . 
 jules reaches for my arm . 
 `` do n't worry , tabby . 
 she rarely shows . 
 she just comes in when she absolutely has to . 
 our kind editor-in-chief pretty much gives her a free pass . '' 
 `` i do n't really know her , but have two classes with her and she gives me a bad vibe , '' i finish . 
 not to mention she scares the living crap out of me . 
 `` she gives everyone a bad vibe , '' foster says . 
 `` unless you have a big dick , or bigger bank account . '' 
 jules pats foster 's shoulder . 
 `` it 's okay , hon. you ca n't have it all and you , my friend , have a big ... personality . '' 
 `` watch it , fun-size . '' 
 he growls . 
 engaged in their banter , i do n't notice noah walk in . 
 but suddenly i feel his eyes on me . 
 the group quiets down and noah leans against one of the computer tables . 
 his expression is strained . 
 his eyes are narrowed on foster until he reluctantly glances in my direction . 
 gauging by the reaction of everyone in the room , there is no doubt noah 's in charge of the entire operation . 
 he sits on the edge of the table in my favorite pair of jeans -- i ca n't believe i have a favorite -- and navy v-neck sweater , welcoming all the newbies . 
 the staff started working before the semester began , so now it 's noah 's decision where to put the new crop of interns and those working for credits -- like me . 
 he exudes confidence as he describes our roles , gives a rundown of upcoming stories and schedules , and hands out assignments . 
 it works for him . 
 in so many ways . 
 `` tabby , '' noah calls on me . 
 `` i 'd like you to post the stories for the daily online edition . 
 the reporters will have their articles in by five each evening , so that means you 'll have to work on layout once they 're in . 
 it 's not a lot , but it will take a few hours each night . 
 with that and maybe a photo op here and there , you 'll get the credits you need for your independent study . 
 will that work for you ? '' 
 `` yeah , of course , '' i tell him . 
 it 's not like i have a booked social calendar or anything , and i need the credits . 
 `` good , '' he says , moving on to the next person with hardly a look my way . 
 at the end of the meeting , foster bumps me in the shoulder . 
 `` we 're going to get a drink at sasha 's . 
 wan na come ? '' 
 the crazy thing is , i do . 
 i open my mouth , ready to accept , before noah walks over to us . 
 `` we 'll need to start working tonight , tabby , '' noah says , standing behind me . 
 `` oh come on , adler , '' foster says . 
 `` tia has it under control for tonight . 
 everyone else is starting their new positions tomorrow . '' 
 noah swings around me . 
 `` i need her tonight , foster . 
 so stop wasting your time here and go hit on one of the interns . '' 
 what ? 
 there is some definite animosity between these two , but i have no idea why . 
 all i know is that i do n't want any part of the drama . 
 `` whatever , boss , '' foster huffs . 
 `` we 'll catch you later , '' he says to me . 
 jules shrugs and calls out . 
 `` see you in class ! '' 
 `` tabby , '' noah snaps , and then continues walking toward the back office . 
 what an ass ! 
 still , i have no choice but to follow . 
 chapter 10 noah leads me to the editor 's office . 
 his office . 
 it 's clean and simple , filled with shelves of books and photos . 
 there are pictures of him with visiting politicians , as well as authors , and a few sports heroes . 
 prominent in the middle of the shelf is the mark of excellence award from the society of professional journalists . 
 he 's the real deal . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 noah pulls a chair out for me at his big oak desk . 
 i take it , a little intimidated by this new side of him . 
 he leans over my shoulder and points to the screen . 
 goose bumps sprout all over my traitorous body . 
 `` this is the login page , '' he says . 
 his voice is cold even though his body is intimate . 
 `` we 've set up an account for you already , you just need to change your password . '' 
 i turn my head and our eyes meet . 
 i fight to keep control . 
 yet , i make a silent wish for him to kiss me again . 
 my mind goes back to that first night . 
 the way he had my body buzzing and aching for him . 
 the way he 's looking back at me , i think he might be remembering the same thing . 
 he 's the first to break our connection , and he continues to explain my new role . 
 he 's all business again . 
 until his arms snake around the sides of my body to use the keyboard . 
 i ca n't help but lean into him . 
 `` and this is the page you 'll need to update each evening , '' he says . 
 `` okay , '' i say , quietly . 
 `` looks easy enough . '' 
 i try to pay attention to the screen and keep calm , but my mind is somewhere else entirely . 
 the effect he has on me is too much . 
 he 's in complete control right now and i do n't like it one bit . 
 i slowly turn around in my chair , trapped between his arms . 
 he smirks . 
 oh , yes . 
 he knows exactly what he 's doing to me , and i think it 's about time he gets a dose of his own medicine . 
 placing my palms on his stomach , i push him back . 
 then i stand , lightly brushing up against him . 
 his eyes widen , surprised when i 'm back at his level . 
 `` i think i got this , noah , '' i keep my hands where they are , desperate to move them a little lower . 
 `` it 's not that complicated . '' 
 i tip my head in an effort to get a better look at his expression , so i can try to understand it . 
 `` now , do you want to tell me what this is really about ? '' 
 `` tabby . '' 
 noah sighs . 
 `` i 'm giving you one of the most important jobs here ; i just want to make sure you understand . 
 it 's not a position to be taken lightly . '' 
 `` i understand . 
 but there 's a whole instruction manual explaining how to upload each story , you really did n't need to take the time to give me a special training session . 
 especially when you 're shooting flaming daggers at me during the meeting . '' 
 `` shooting what ? '' 
 he runs his hand through his hair again . 
 `` i did n't mean to , honest . '' 
 `` and then there was all that drama with foster , '' i add . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 `` why do you care about foster ? '' 
 noah barks . 
 `` who said i do ? 
 i just met the guy tonight . '' 
 `` well , you looked pretty cozy for somebody you just met . '' 
 `` what 's this all about , noah ? 
 you 've gone from trying to get me to reconsider finishing what we started on that first night , to being just a friend , to strutting around like a bossy-ass editor . 
 and now you 're acting like a jealous boyfriend . '' 
 he continues to stare at me , but i do n't back down . 
 `` foster is bad news , that 's all , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm just trying to look out for you , tabby . '' 
 `` i think i can handle that on my own , '' i tell him . 
 `` can you ? '' 
 he leans in closer . 
 `` what do you want from me , noah ? '' 
 `` i 'm trying to figure that out , '' he says , before cupping my face and running his lips against mine . 
 i will myself to stay still . 
 to stay calm . 
 my arms do n't listen . 
 they tangle around noah 's neck . 
 and as he parts my lips , i open for him and let go . 
 his tongue runs along my bottom lip and then dips inside my mouth , exploring . 
 i barely register what 's happening as he lifts me onto the desk and nestles his body between my legs . 
 my thighs instantly tighten around him . 
 i do n't have to think , my body simply reacts , doing what it 's supposed to . 
 i 'm not damaged with him . 
 i 'm not broken . 
 he opens his eyes and smiles . 
 `` tabby , you have no idea how much i 've wanted to do that . 
 having you in class and not being able to touch you is torture . 
 i want to be with you . '' 
 `` i know , '' i say , wondering if i could go through with it this time . 
 `` but not here . '' 
 `` no , '' he says with a smile in his voice . 
 `` i mean , yes . 
 i want to be with you , with you too . 
 but i 'm talking about being together . '' 
 he pulls my hand up to his mouth and places a gentle kiss on my palm . 
 `` you know . 
 like dating . '' 
 oh no . 
 that i ca n't do . 
 `` i thought i told you , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't date . 
 i 'm not at that place in my life . '' 
 i slide off the desk , knowing i have to get out of here . 
 `` i 'm sorry , noah , '' i say , walking to the door . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 chapter 11 noah was n't happy with my answer . 
 or the way i left him in the office . 
 in fact , he 's given me the silent treatment all week . 
 it 's okay . 
 it 's what i wanted . 
 so i continue to make myself invisible , maintain a low profile , float through my days on campus -- with the exception of professor sands ' class -- and try to keep my panic attacks at bay . 
 by friday , i 'm physically , mentally , and emotionally spent . 
 after class , i rush home , climb into my bed with ipod buds in my ears and a chocolate bar in my mouth , and shut myself off from the world . 
 i doze in and out for the next hour . 
 i 'm still in my warm little nest when five rhythmic knocks on my apartment door give my dad away . 
 great . 
 a surprise visit . 
 `` hey , dad . '' 
 i open the door , feeling him taking inventory . 
 is she eating ? 
 sleeping ? 
 exercising ? 
 how 's her mood ? 
 he stands in my doorway with his button-down shirt hanging open , revealing some obscure ’80s concert tee . 
 he 's humming an old ramones song . 
 he 's been doing that ever since i moved here . 
 it must calm him before he has to deal with his emotionally disturbed offspring , but he 'd never admit it . 
 we plop on my couch and dad leans in to put his lips to my forehead . 
 `` congrats , tab ! 
 you made it through the first month . 
 how 's it going so far ? '' 
 `` it 's fine , dad . '' 
 i try to be as pleasant as possible . 
 dad 's been through a lot with me over the past year . 
 not only was i completely silent my entire stay at new beginnings , i did n't break out of my protective , taciturn shell until i was here in minneapolis for a month . 
 now i 'm trying , and i 'll continue to try . 
 for him . 
 and , maybe , even for me . 
 `` you know , dad . '' 
 i bump his shoulder . 
 `` you do n't need to have these motivational house calls at the end of each week . '' 
 `` i just want to make sure you 're okay , honey . 
 you 've been through a lot , but i want you to know you 're going to get through this , tabitha . 
 you will . '' 
 it 's dad 's mantra . 
 i think he hopes if he says it enough , it will be true . 
 i nod and dad takes hold of me . 
 i rest my head on his chest -- there 's no denying he makes me feel safe . 
 after all , it was dad who picked up the pieces and brought me back to the land of the living . 
 `` school is going surprisingly well , actually , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'm so happy to hear it , '' he says . 
 `` and noah says your work at the paper is impeccable . '' 
 `` i do n't know about that . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` i 'm just posting articles for the electronic edition . 
 it 's not rocket science . 
 so what are you and amy up to this fine evening ? '' 
 he looks at me with a funny grin . 
 `` well , we were hoping to have you join us for dinner . '' 
 `` not tonight , dad , '' i say , feeling guilty for declining after he came all the way over here . 
 `` please , honey . '' 
 the grin does n't leave his face . 
 what is he up to ? 
 `` i 'd hate to break the news to michael . '' 
 he pulls back his sleeve to look at his watch . 
 `` and he should be arriving at the house any time now . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i grab dad 's shirt . 
 my stepbrother is n't supposed to visit until next week . 
 `` yep . '' 
 dad laughs . 
 `` he wanted it to be a surprise . '' 
 `` mission accomplished , '' i say , as the weight of the week lifts , just a bit . 
 *** `` you look good , '' michael says when he arrives . 
 he missed our last two visits over the summer because he was touring colleges . 
 my very public downfall in illinois had been hard on michael too . 
 he was the one who had to live it with me every day , whether or not he wanted to . 
 he was able to finish the school year , but he has n't been back since . 
 and he has n't picked a new school yet . 
 so , he 's behind . 
 just like me . 
 `` you look so much better , '' michael says . 
 then he gives me a shove and laughs . 
 i try not to wince thinking about all the pain i caused him . 
 those memories find their way into this nice family scene and threaten to ruin my night . 
 i vow not to worry about that in this moment , i 'll just enjoy my brother . 
 brother . 
 it feels good to finally see him that way . 
 our relationship had always been on the rocky side , until we both started college ... too soon after , i ruined everything . 
 we celebrate michael 's visit to minneapolis with amy 's homemade lasagna . 
 michael wolfs it down , i do n't think he 's ever gotten used to my mom 's cooking -- all organic , low fat , and fufu . 
 he 's still living at home with mom and stephen until he decides on a school , so he takes full advantage of this treat . 
 in between mouthfuls , he asks me about my classes and i can tell he scrutinizes each answer i give him , looking for any hidden meaning . 
 he 's all covert , it 's pretty funny . 
 after dinner , i offer up my services to do the dishes with amy . 
 that way michael will have the time to grill dad like i know he wants to . 
 the guys casually walk back into the kitchen once the dishes are done and michael seems satisfied with the information dad gave him . 
 it 's almost like he can sense my newly found peace . 
 i feel his kid-gloves coming off when he grabs my sleeve and hauls me toward the door . 
 `` come out with me , '' he says . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` out . '' 
 not waiting for an answer , michael pulls me into the night . 
 chapter 12 we walk into sasha 's on campus and it 's packed , filled with college kids who came to play darts , do shots , and let 's face it , hook up . 
 i ca n't help but miss the crazy locals at rye 's . 
 and bingo . 
 and playing bingo with holden , before i knew he was noah . 
 i go all soft at the thought . 
 michael orders two beers and we belly up to the bar . 
 nerves flutter in my stomach because i know he brought me here for a reason . 
 last year , on campus , my stepbrother became my one and only protector . 
 he took so much shit for me . 
 and then , during my stay at new beginnings , he visited me all the time . 
 and i was hardly good company -- i was so drugged and depressed that my conversational skills were at a six-year-old level at best . 
 it must be strange for him to finally have a real conversation with me . 
 i feel like i owe it to him to answer any questions he may have . 
 `` so , t-bear , '' he says . 
 `` i want you to tell me how things are really going up here . '' 
 `` they are really going okay , '' i tell him . 
 i almost mean it . 
 `` you know , it could n't get any worse from what i was dealing with back home . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he frowns . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` my classes are good and nobody hassles me . 
 nobody knows who i am . 
 it 's good . '' 
 the creases between michael 's eyebrows deepen . 
 `` but that 's not good . 
 people should know you . 
 they should know who you are . 
 not the scandal or the photos , but you , tab . 
 you are worth knowing . '' 
 `` i think you 're in the minority there , big brother . 
 it 's better this way , trust me . '' 
 `` you know i 'd do anything to take it all away . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` you did everything you could . '' 
 i bite the side of my cheek so the emotions do n't come spilling out . 
 `` i know i never said thank you . 
 but i 've said it in my head . 
 every . 
 day . '' 
 `` i wish i could 've done more back then . '' 
 `` you did more than anyone else would . '' 
 `` well , what if i could do more now ? 
 what if i was to tell you there is a way to get part of your life back ? '' 
 he raises in eyebrows in a challenge . 
 `` the good part of your life . '' 
 `` what are you up to , michael ? '' 
 `` okay , i want you to sit here and close your eyes . '' 
 there is excitement in his voice . 
 odd for my brother . 
 he 's the most laid-back guy you 'd ever meet . 
 i do as he says . 
 `` hold out your hands , '' he orders . 
 when i do , he pulls me off the stool and lifts my arm . 
 on instinct i open my eyes , and spin under it . 
 i used to make michael play the male lead in my big productions so i could practice the more difficult moves . 
 he always pretended to be bothered . 
 but he loved betting on the number of turns i could do . 
 sober and drunk . 
 and he 'd really raise the stakes when he bet on my ability to do thirty-two turning fouettés -- a ballet dancer 's gauge of excellence . 
 i made the thirty-two every time . 
 at least on the right side . 
 `` i knew it , '' he grins , watching me turn now . 
 `` you 've still got it . '' 
 i shake my head at him . 
 `` hardly . 
 i 'm so out of shape i do n't even think i could do three fouettés . '' 
 `` well , maybe it 's time to get back to practicing , '' he says . 
 `` i brought your ballet slippers . 
 all ten pairs . 
 they 're in my car . '' 
 `` michael . '' 
 i rub my temple , trying to fight off the headache i feel coming on . 
 `` i appreciate it . 
 i do . 
 but i 'm starting over . 
 a new me . 
 and to do that , i ca n't go back to the past . '' 
 `` doing something you love , '' michael says . 
 `` something you were born to do . 
 that 's not going back to the past . 
 you ca n't give it up . 
 dancing is part of you . '' 
 he releases my hand and kisses the top of my head . 
 `` wipe the slate clean , tab . 
 it 's time . '' 
 though he may be right , i ca n't do it . 
 so instead of indulging him any longer , i decide it 's time to get this party started and order two shots of patrón . 
 michael and i take the shots , add a few more , and get rather inebriated as we play darts . 
 i 'm awful . 
 forget about the bullseye , i 'm not even hitting the board half the time . 
 when it 's my turn again , michael stands behind me and puts his hands on my shoulders , hoping to help me get at least a point or two . 
 i launch my arm back and release . 
 the dart smacks the wall a foot away from the dartboard . 
 this time it 's not because of my drunken state . 
 it 's because i just noticed noah up at the bar . 
 watching me . 
 michael comes over and shakes me . 
 `` you 're hopeless . '' 
 he jokes . 
 noah sits back in his stool with the world 's iciest glare . 
 he 's starting to piss me off . 
 `` i need another drink , '' i tell michael . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 trying to stiffen up my loose limbs , i pretend to be sober as i squeeze in next to noah . 
 i wave a twenty at the bartender and he 's over in a flash , filling two tap beers . 
 i keep my eyes on the bartender until noah places his hand on mine and gives it a squeeze . 
 `` tabby , '' he says . 
 `` all your work 's done for the paper i assume ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i 'm not quite sure , but i think the bossy-ass editor is back . 
 `` i 'm just wondering since you clearly wo n't be in any condition to work later tonight . '' 
 `` i finished up everything as soon as the stories were filed , '' i tell him casually . 
 `` just like i have every day this week . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he sulks , lifting his hand away from mine . 
 he seems upset and that has me worried . 
 i really need this independent study . 
 `` why ? 
 is something wrong with my work ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no . '' 
 his expression softens now . 
 `` no , your work is great . '' 
 i sigh , relieved . 
 `` i guess i 'm just confused , that 's all . '' 
 he rests his head on his hand . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` your social life , '' he says , nodding toward michael . 
 `` meaning ? '' 
 i ask , not liking where this is heading . 
 `` you say you do n't date and you 're not interested in a relationship , but you pick me up at a bar -- when i was a total stranger , i might add . 
 then you 're all cozy with foster the other night . 
 and now you 're here with this guy . '' 
 `` how is he your business ? '' 
 my temper climbs as noah continues to talk . 
 i should 've known nothing can change . 
 guys all think the same way . 
 of course he 'd get the wrong idea about me . 
 even when i 've done nothing to warrant it . 
 `` he 's not . '' 
 noah shakes his head . 
 `` you just do n't seem like the type , that 's all . '' 
 of course , i know what he 's saying . 
 i do n't seem like a slut , so why am i acting like one ? 
 my ears go hot . 
 i look around and it seems like everyone 's staring at me . 
 whispering . 
 judging . 
 i have to get out of here . 
 no wait , fuck that . 
 it 's fight or flight . 
 and though my instincts tell me to fly , my intoxicated mind wants me to go the other way . 
 he will not chase me off . 
 let him think what he wants ; i do n't care anymore . 
 i level a long stare at noah , stunned he could say that to me . 
 or even think it . 
 then i take the beers and go back to my game . 
 i feel noah 's eyes on me the entire time . 
 chapter 13 that night , after michael leaves , i find the two things he left for me . 
 the first is a bag of all my ballet slippers . 
 i pull them out and set them all around my bed , reaching out to stroke the leather and satin . 
 next to the bag is a piece of paper -- a message on the university letterhead that reads in bold print , `` company b dance tryouts are december 30th . '' 
 then in michael 's scrawl : i think you should consider it . 
 i 'll be back to see you again soon . 
 in the meantime , let me know if you need anything . 
 i 've got your back , little sis . 
 that he does , i think curling up under my covers . 
 i do n't know what i would 've done without michael last year , especially the day thomas ' friends came after me . 
 the day that continues to give me nightmares . 
 i remember i could feel them behind me as i headed to my dorm room . 
 it had only been a week since everything went down , but i quickly became the resident scapegoat . 
 once everything became public , my friends abandoned me , playing shocked and horrified while thomas played the victim . 
 he actually had everyone believing that the whole thing was my fault . 
 i was the slut who came to strip at the party , got drunk and out of control , and started pointing fingers . 
 and poor thomas had to sit out two games while the embarrassing mess got sorted out . 
 his act worked well . 
 after all , he had the pictures to prove it . 
 even my parents would n't rock the boat with his family . 
 apparently , the partnership between mr. richardson 's company and my stepfather 's was what funded my mom 's lifestyle , and she was n't willing to give it up . 
 when i turned the corner that day , i could feel johnny milton and gang on my heels . 
 johnny was thomas ' best friend and he was pissed that thomas was forced to sit out two games because of me . 
 then they all started in with that whole fake cough routine -- hurling the worst of insults . 
 `` slut . '' 
 they started closing in . 
 `` trash . '' 
 i moved faster . 
 `` whore . '' 
 i was in the hallway , just a few more steps to my room . 
 johnny milton yelled , `` there she is guys , the poster child for stds . '' 
 i did n't say anything . 
 i just kept walking , inching toward my door . 
 by this time people were peeking out of their dorm rooms , gathering in the hallway . 
 then milton threw a condom at me and said , `` tabby , maybe next time you decide to put on a little show and make your way around the hockey team , you should use protection . '' 
 the package hit my back . 
 when i reached the door to my dorm room , it was papered with photos of me at the party posing with various guys . 
 of course , their faces were blacked out . 
 i was topless and bombed out of my mind , there in color for everyone to see . 
 i remember the way the walls tilted in and the floor moved in waves after i scanned the photos . 
 i was dying . 
 bit by bit . 
 the name-calling and attacks were getting worse and there was nobody to save me . 
 i took it . 
 i took whatever they threw at me every day , because i deserved it . 
 because what i did was bad , and gross , and stupid . 
 and it made me bad . 
 and gross . 
 and stupid . 
 i stopped in my tracks , stared at the ground , and told my feet to run , but they did n't listen . 
 slowly giving up , i took a deep breath and tried to focus . 
 milton moved in , catching my shoulder . 
 he spun me around so i faced him and his gang of mutts . 
 but before milton could say anything , someone approached him . 
 a hand clamped down on his shoulder . 
 then a rough spin landed him ninety degrees in the other direction . 
 the rest of milton 's pack scattered . 
 it was michael . 
 and michael 's fist . 
 it dove in and landed on the side of milton 's face . 
 there was a loud slapping noise , followed by a crunch . 
 i tightened my arms around my body . 
 michael was silent for the entire altercation , until his ass kicking left johnny milton curled up on the floor . 
 then he bent down and leaned in real close . 
 `` you got off easy this time , you dumb fuck , '' he spit . 
 `` the next time you bother my sister , you wo n't get up . 
 you get me ? '' 
 milton moaned . 
 `` i said , do you get me ? '' 
 michael asked again after a kick to milton 's ribs . 
 `` yeah , '' cough , cough -lrb- real ones this time -rrb- . 
 `` i get you , i get you , '' he said . 
 milton never bothered me again . 
 too bad that was n't the end of it . 
 chapter 14 the following monday , noah and jenna are having another strained exchange in front of professor sands ' class . 
 i duck my head and try to shuffle by them again . 
 this time , i 'm nearly knocked over by jenna as she pushes her way ahead of me through the door . 
 i regain my composure and get to my seat . 
 before class even starts , jenna stands up and flings her designer school bag in a dramatic swoop that clears the surface of my desk and sends my papers flitting and my pencil rolling . 
 she does n't even look back -- out of ignorance or arrogance , i 'm not sure . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll pick that up , '' i mumble . 
 `` i 'm invisible anyway . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 jenna turns around with an icy expression . 
 `` but i wish you were . '' 
 funny thing , i 'm not even upset . 
 it does n't matter . 
 i 'm only buying time here , simply trying to get through each day . 
 nothing more . 
 `` classy , '' i mutter just low enough that she ca n't hear me . 
 unfortunately , he can . 
 `` aw , give her a break , '' noah 's voice snaps from behind . 
 `` she 's having a rough day , '' he adds trying to come off laid back , but i can hear the irritation in his voice and i shiver . 
 that familiar feeling of judgment and disdain is back and a stifling sadness washes over me . 
 i hate that he 's gotten under my skin . 
 `` who is n't ? '' 
 i say over my shoulder . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he touches my elbow . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 could this guy have any more crazy mood swings ? 
 i turn to face him . 
 `` yes , i 'm great . 
 between your little speech at the bar and jenna 's regular tantrums , it 's a complete pleasure to sit between the two of you . '' 
 i start to turn back when he grabs my elbow . 
 `` what do you mean my little speech ? '' 
 he looks confused . 
 `` you know , that i 'm basically a slut with the way i act around men . '' 
 noah flinches as my words come out . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he 's almost yells before he realizes it . 
 `` tabby , '' he whispers now . 
 `` i would never say anything like that . '' 
 `` oh really , '' i cock my head to the side . 
 `` because you did . '' 
 i whip back around in my chair . 
 i do n't want to look at his perfect , judging face anymore . 
 but i ca n't leave it alone . 
 what he thinks does matter to me . 
 i turn back to him again . 
 `` and just so you know , you were the first and only guy i 've ever brought back to my apartment . 
 i have no interest in foster , but jules introduced us and it was nice to maybe count two people as friends in a city where my only social interaction is dinner with my parents . 
 and that guy at the bar ? 
 he 's my brother , you pretentious dick . '' 
 and with that , i storm out . 
 chapter 15 in the morning , i get ready for my appointment with dr. payne , my shrink . 
 and yes , that is her real name . 
 you ca n't make this shit up . 
 the timing is perfect after my little confrontation with noah . 
 i smile at the memory . 
 it felt so good ! 
 dr. payne and i have had more than two dozen sessions in the past three months , so she pretty much knows everything that happened . 
 actually , she knew most of it from our first family session . 
 dad pulled no punches and pretty much laid it all out on the table . 
 thankfully , i go to therapy by myself now and we 're down to one day a week . 
 today , dr. payne waits for me on the steps of her old victorian where she houses her psychiatric practice in uptown . 
 she slides her orange reading glasses down the tip of her nose and greets me with a smile and a hug . 
 sometimes we go into her office to talk , but most sessions are held in the multicolored rocking chairs on the porch . 
 `` have a seat tabitha , '' dr. payne says in her raspy voice , gesturing to the row of chairs . 
 i hate this part . 
 it seems like a test . 
 i worry about the color of the chair i select . 
 does it mean something if i take a seat in the chair closest to the garden or closest to the door ? 
 she studies me as i make my selection , i 'm sure of it . 
 that makes me even more nervous . 
 i realize it 's taking me too long to make a decision so i grab the chair closest to me and sit . 
 it 's the red one . 
 dr. payne takes a seat in my rocker 's blue neighbor . 
 `` how are you , tabitha ? '' 
 she asks , sliding her glasses up her long face . 
 on . 
 off . 
 on . 
 off . 
 all session , she messes with her glasses . 
 it drives me insane . 
 `` i 'm fine i guess , '' i tell her with a yawn . 
 it 's early , too early for therapy . 
 `` so tell me about your adjustment to school , '' dr. payne says in her soft voice -- the voice she uses to coax information out of me . 
 `` it 's going okay , '' i tell her . 
 but when she raises an eyebrow , i know she wants more , so i continue with absolutely everything i can think of . 
 yes , this stuff i can talk about . 
 i tell her about my classes in great detail , trying to take up as much time as possible . 
 we talk about the dance production that i went to see with dad and amy and i see her wheels turning . 
 i have a feeling that will be the subject of further discussion . 
 we talk about the newspaper and we even talk about noah . 
 of course , i keep a close guard over that topic . 
 i work hard not to blush at his name , and there is absolutely no mention about my failed take back the night project . 
 oh , what a field day she 'd have with that bit of information . 
 then , once she has me comfortable , dr. payne fires off her usual lists of questions about my feelings and state of mind , to which i reply , `` it 'll be okay . 
 i 'm feeling better . 
 talking about it helps . '' 
 denial , denial , denial . 
 productive to my therapy ? 
 no , but it usually gets me out of the session still intact . 
 resistance is futile , et cetera , et cetera . 
 `` so you mentioned your dad and amy , but what about your mother and stepdad . 
 what 's going on there ? '' 
 crap . 
 i need to sidestep this question . 
 `` things are getting better , '' i lie . 
 `` and i saw michael last week . '' 
 `` how is your brother ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` good , i think . '' 
 i have to guess here , usually my conversations with michael are solely focused on me . 
 i feel the shame as i just now make this realization . 
 i 've been taking , taking , taking . 
 taking from everyone , and not giving a thing back . 
 i look down , too ashamed to look her in the eyes . 
 i ca n't even answer a simple question . 
 that 's all it takes and suddenly i 'm sinking , lower than low . 
 i. hate . 
 myself . 
 correction : i will pretend i 'm okay . 
 fake it until i make it . 
 and so begins the battle . 
 the shrink notices something 's gone wrong . 
 `` what is it , tabitha ? '' 
 `` nothing , everything is just fine . '' 
 even i can hear the edge in my voice . 
 she dismisses it and moves on . 
 she 's good at that . 
 `` okay then , i 'd like to take a step back in time for the rest of our session , '' she says , paging through her notes . 
 `` i think you are still carrying a lot of weight from the events last year , and i think it 'd really help to discuss it . '' 
 that little snake . 
 `` i 'd like to talk about what lead to the events on thomas ' birthday , '' she continues . 
 `` we 've talked about this already , '' i say . 
 `` at length . '' 
 `` yes , we 've talked about what happened that night and after , but never really before . 
 i want to know why you decided to go to the party with megan and dance for thomas and his friends . '' 
 `` well , '' i begin , too tired to fight . 
 sometimes it 's just easier to give her what she wants . 
 `` it was n't really that thought out . 
 megan was always telling me i needed to loosen up . 
 she thought it 'd be fun . 
 ` it 's just an innocent little dance , ' she told me . 
 she said thomas would love it . 
 looking back , i think he 's the one who put her up to it . '' 
 `` what kind of guy was he , tabby ? '' 
 that was the thing . 
 the thing i could n't really explain to myself or anyone else . 
 in my head i knew i was nothing more than a hook-up to him . 
 but sometimes i was n't so sure . 
 sometimes when i was with him , i felt like it was more , or at least had the possibility of being more . 
 so i let it play out . 
 hoping . 
 that 's why it was so hard to believe he let that happen to me the night of his party . 
 that he did n't do anything to stop it . 
 or , even worse , that he planned it from the beginning . 
 once i threatened to take legal action , mom immediately got our attorneys involved . 
 the lawyers suggested going the civil route instead of criminal court -- apparently the photos floating around campus did not make for a strong criminal case . 
 i hated the thought of a civil lawsuit because i knew that even if thomas was found guilty , the most that would come out of it would be a dent in his family 's bank account . 
 the case did n't even get that far . 
 we went to mediation , his attorneys paid me off , and that was it . 
 i never even wanted to take the settlement , but the lawyers -lrb- and mom -rrb- insisted . 
 to summarize , i was basically pimped out to thomas and his friends in exchange for a six-figure settlement . 
 thanks , mom . 
 afterwards , thomas did n't answer my calls or texts and he pretended not to see me in school . 
 i did n't have the courage to pursue it any further . 
 he was out and i was on my own . 
 all i wanted was to forget -- and for everyone else to do the same . 
 i do n't tell dr. payne all of this because i must convince her i 'm better . 
 i edit , make it less dramatic , tell her it was a difficult time but i 'm getting over it . 
 dr. payne taps her pen on her notebook . 
 i know she wants to pump me for more information , but our hour is almost up . 
 `` tabby , i know how difficult talking about this stuff can be , '' she says moving into the wrap it up portion of our session . 
 she rests her hand over the death grip i have on the red rocker . 
 `` but you did great today , '' she goes on . 
 `` we are making tremendous progress . 
 the downside is all this talk might make it tempting to slip away from us again . 
 but do n't go back there , tabby . '' 
 urgency now replaces her calm matter . 
 the drastic change in her voice is jarring . 
 it makes me listen . 
 `` do n't go back to the time when all you did was react to others , instead of listen to yourself , '' she says without giving me time to respond like she usually does . 
 for the first time , she does n't want to hear from me . 
 she 's in full-on lecture mode . 
 `` it 's time to move forward , tabby . 
 time for you to build the life you want to live and stop being a victim . '' 
 my blood starts to boil . 
 what did she know about it ? 
 listening to me for a few hours a week gave her the right to tell me how to feel , how to live ? 
 if she saw me that night with noah , she would n't call me a victim . 
 no , she had no idea what i was capable of . 
 i stopped being a victim a long time ago . 
 chapter 16 after the nightmarish therapy session , i 'm back on campus with fifteen minutes to spare before professor cass expects me in political science . 
 dr. payne has put me in what my mother would call a foul mood and i 'm so not up for a lecture on the articles of confederation . 
 and the thought of having to listen to jenna 's drama and watching her little posse of wannabes hang on her every word gives me a headache . 
 there is only one place i want to be right now and i ca n't go home so i go to the restroom to regain my composure . 
 dr. payne 's words play in my head . 
 victim . 
 do n't let yourself be a victim . 
 dr. payne 's voice wo n't leave me alone and i start to feel claustrophobic . 
 the solitude is n't working . 
 i need air . 
 i need people , noise , distractions . 
 i open the door to leave and bump into jules . 
 `` hey , '' she says , gripping a cigarette with her lips . 
 `` we missed you at sasha 's the other night . 
 how 's the work at the paper going ? '' 
 `` it 's going okay , '' i tell her . 
 she raises an eyebrow , clearly not believing me . 
 `` well , '' i admit . 
 `` it 'd be better if our assy editor did n't have such massive mood swings . '' 
 `` yeah , i know , '' she says . 
 `` he means well , but after freshman year , i do n't know . '' 
 she considers her words . 
 `` he became more ... intense . '' 
 `` you seem to know a lot about him . '' 
 `` at one time , we were good friends . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yeah , foster too . 
 we had some really good times . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask , now curious . 
 `` lots of things . '' 
 she waves her hands . 
 `` we all just kind of drifted apart , i guess . 
 foster and i became our own island . '' 
 jules is lost in thought for a moment . 
 `` can you elaborate ? '' 
 my curiosity takes over my manners . 
 `` it 's really not my story to tell , tabby . 
 but i can give you the dirt on the rest of the university populous . '' 
 she grins . 
 `` and there 's still time for a quick smoke break before poly sci . 
 are you in ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i say , unable to turn away from her . 
 and though i wish she 'd tell me more about noah , i kind of respect her more for her loyalty . 
 for the next seven minutes , i watch jules blow smoke rings as she dishes out all the campus gossip . 
 it 's funny . 
 for a girl who seems so not into the college scene , she sure has her finger on the pulse . 
 the good news is : i think i might have a new friend . 
 the bad news is : i think she might be broken , too . 
 chapter 17 lonely in my apartment , i take dad and amy up on their dinner invitation . 
 i could use the company , food , and a few new books for english lit . 
 `` do you mind if i check out your library ? '' 
 i ask dad . 
 the front room of their house is filled with books . 
 dad is all about the classics , odd cultures , and political debates . 
 amy 's shelves are filled with the ladies , from jane austen to alice walker . 
 between the two of them , i should find something that 'll work for professor sands ' class . 
 `` i need a novel for my lit class , '' i add . 
 `` of course , tabby . '' 
 i can hear the hope ring in dad 's voice at the mention of literature . 
 it does n't get much better for him . 
 `` you do n't have to ask , just take what you need , '' he says with a smile . 
 the book search turns out to be a great distraction . 
 from noah . 
 from jenna . 
 from everything . 
 caught up in the shelves , i spend hours combing dad and amy 's stacks . 
 i feel at home in the warm room outlined in mahogany bookshelves , flanked by two windows on each wall . 
 the ceiling , framed in the same mahogany molding , creates a cozy nook that 's flooded with memories from all my visits growing up . 
 all of the times i spread my books over the red and orange tapestry rug -- now faded from the sun -- as i did my homework over christmas break . 
 or put puzzles together with my dad . 
 on the shelf , i find one of amy 's paperbacks : life of pi . 
 i snuggle into the leather club chair and close my eyes to take a short break before diving into a story about survival and loss of innocence -- which could n't be more perfect . 
 when i open my eyes , i 'm still curled up on dad 's chair . 
 i wipe away the sleep from my eyes and watch the sun come up through the leaded glass window . 
 i slept through the night . 
 amazing . 
 despite my achy neck from sleeping on a chair , i feel rested and almost ready to face another day . 
 on my way out , i run into dad . 
 `` late night cramming ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` yeah , i ca n't believe i fell asleep . 
 i better get home so i 'm not late for class . '' 
 `` honey , '' dad starts . 
 nothing good ever comes out of his mouth after he calls me honey . 
 `` before you go , your mom called and wants to know why you have n't gotten back to her . 
 did you get her emails ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah , '' i squirm . 
 `` i 've just been busy , i have n't had a chance to get back to her yet . 
 i 'll do it today . '' 
 `` good , '' he says , but somehow i know he 's not done . 
 `` i talked to her for a bit and she wants us all to spend thanksgiving together . '' 
 i groan . 
 dad pushes down a smirk before he says he thinks it 's a good idea . 
 i sigh and pretend i did n't hear that last part . 
 he wo n't like my response , so i simply grab my book and head to campus . 
 chapter 18 the next day , noah starts in on me , listing all the reasons we should work together . 
 i do n't give in and choose life of pi for my next assignment . 
 noah does n't give in either . 
 he tries talking to me whenever he can during class and i blow him off . 
 at the paper , we 're always surrounded by people , so it 's easy to keep my distance . 
 but after a few weeks , he breaks me down . 
 `` it 's time to choose another novel , '' noah greets me at class waving his latest selection . 
 `` so , what do you say , kelly ? '' 
 i plop in my seat and pretend i do n't hear him , but his words sing in my head . 
 kelly . 
 kelly . 
 i can feel some of the tension leaving my face . 
 nobody has called me by my last name since ... `` it 's not polite to ignore your friends , kelly . '' 
 noah feigns a sigh and taps his book on my head . 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 i turn and rest an arm on his desk . 
 `` we 're friends again ? '' 
 `` we will be , '' he says , tracing a finger from my elbow to my pinkie . 
 a motion that makes my insides sing . 
 `` after you let me explain , '' he adds . 
 i nod , signaling him to go on . 
 `` what i said at the bar that night . '' 
 his cheeks flush a deep shade of pink . 
 `` i did n't mean to insult you , tabby . 
 actually , i was n't thinking that at all . 
 i was hurt and jealous and i guess that made me lash out . 
 i told you i wanted to be with you and you told me you could n't do that . 
 `` you said you do n't do relationships . 
 but then i see you with foster and with your brother -- though i obviously did n't know he was your brother at the time -- and i did n't understand . 
 i thought you were rejecting me and i kept wondering why would you only reject me . 
 what 's wrong with me ? '' 
 my heart hurts at his words . 
 i 've felt that same thing so many times . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with you , noah , '' i say . 
 `` it 's me . 
 it 's all me . '' 
 `` after your little speech , i realized what an idiot i was . '' 
 he looks over and gives me the most mischievous grin . 
 `` well , it was awhile after . 
 at first , i was just incredibly turned on . 
 you are so sexy when you 're mad . '' 
 he chuckles and i feel it low in my belly . 
 `` nice , '' i say , though i 'm secretly thrilled i have that effect on him . 
 `` this is your apology ? '' 
 `` just keeping it real , tab . '' 
 i ca n't help the little smile that creeps across my face . 
 noah makes me feel normal and it feels so good , even though i know i do n't deserve it . 
 `` so how about it ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` how about what ? '' 
 he extends his arm . 
 `` partner ? '' 
 truthfully , i think i 'd do better with his help . 
 the last essay nearly killed me . 
 i have to keep my grades up and i 'm not sure i can do it alone . 
 and i do believe he was n't trying to insult me at the bar , and maybe he did n't take jenna 's side over mine in those first weeks . 
 maybe i 'm too sensitive , or maybe i 've simply forgotten how normal people behave . 
 i extend my hand and he grips it before i have a chance to change my mind . 
 the warmth now settles in my core . 
 instinctively , i jerk my hand away . 
 `` do n't worry , tabitha . 
 i wo n't bite . '' 
 he flashes a dimple and i melt a little more . 
 professor sands interrupts to gives us our next assignment and i 'm thankful . 
 things were getting a little too hot with noah . 
 `` i want you to read something you read when you were younger -- from junior high or high school , '' he says . 
 `` but this time , read it with new eyes . 
 discover something new about the novel , or the author , and present it to the class in your groups of two . '' 
 so far , so good . 
 then he adds , `` you have just under two weeks . '' 
 the moans from the students bring an evil sneer that stretches across sands ' face . 
 it 's the reaction he 's looking for , but it is short lived . 
 everyone gets right to work . 
 i flip around to sit backwards in my chair , partnering up with noah . 
 he does n't look up from the several typed pages fanned across his desk . 
 there is a title in bold print , a byline , and numbers in the margins . 
 he holds up a finger and continues counting to himself , finishing by scratching another number next to the last paragraph . 
 `` sorry , no computer handy so i 'm getting a word count the old-fashioned way . 
 i have to file this story today , which reminds me . 
 what do you think about writing a story ? '' 
 `` for the paper ? '' 
 i scoff . 
 `` yes , i think you 'd be great . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i wrinkle my nose . 
 `` have you seen me with people , noah ? '' 
 `` not really , but you 're inquisitive , bright , and well-read . 
 i think you 'd be great . '' 
 `` thanks , but no thanks , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm more of a behind-the-scenes gal . '' 
 `` but it begs the question , ms. kelly . 
 why do you like to hide behind the scenes ? '' 
 i can almost hear the wheels turning in his head . 
 he 's intrigued . 
 `` are you someone i should recognize ? 
 a famous paparazzi target ? 
 and where did you go to school before the move to sunny minneapolis ? '' 
 `` whoa , i can see why you 've won all of those awards . '' 
 he 's on a roll and i do n't think there 's any stopping him as the questions continue to slide off his tongue . 
 `` i know , i 'm pushy . 
 but seriously tabby , where are you from , and why did you move here ? '' 
 i 'm amazed how easy it is to actually have a conversation with him , when he 's not defending jenna . 
 i ca n't believe how much i 've missed talking , and how lonely i 've been . 
 i answer him without a second thought . 
 luckily , i 've practiced this very response in the mirror many times . 
 `` my mom and stepdad live in a suburb outside of chicago , '' i tell him . 
 `` that 's where i went to high school and i stayed in state for college . 
 but , as you know , my dad lives here . 
 i needed a change , so i decided to finish off school in the twin cities . '' 
 he waits a beat , appearing to be satisfied with my answers . 
 nailed it . 
 my practice paid off . 
 `` for what it 's worth , tabby , i 'm glad you 're here . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i tell him . 
 still , i ca n't help but wonder what he would think if he knew the real reason . 
 i find myself hoping it would n't matter . 
 chapter 19 noah ends our session of twenty questions and as the class concludes , jenna pulls him into a corner . 
 i do n't like it . 
 giving noah a quick wave , i head outside . 
 the sun is on a rapid descent , hovering behind the trees , illuminating the last of the maple leaves in a bright gold . 
 the warm glow is deceiving and the bitter air startles me when it hits my face and makes my eyes water . 
 i crave solitude now more than ever , so i pick up speed . 
 `` tabby , '' a deep voice bellows , fighting through the wind . 
 `` wait up . '' 
 i do n't have to turn around to know who it is . 
 i want to pretend that i did n't hear him and continue on my way home . 
 i 'm close now . 
 so close . 
 but i ca n't bring myself to turn away from his voice . 
 when he 's near this time , i do n't feel those waves of warmth , instead i 'm cold . 
 the air and my nerves have me in shivers . 
 `` oh , hi , noah , '' i stutter . 
 `` jesus , where 's the fire , tabby ? '' 
 `` just anxious to be done with class , i guess , '' i say , rubbing my arms . 
 `` were you in track in chicago ? 
 i 've been trying to catch up ever since you bolted out the door . '' 
 `` you have to move fast just to stay warm . 
 it 's cold out here . '' 
 `` well , we 'll have to thicken up your blood if you 're going to survive the winter . '' 
 he peels off his north face and drapes it over my shoulders . 
 `` hey , i 'm from chicago , '' i rebut . 
 `` it 's cold there too , you know . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` the windy city has nothing on us . 
 just wait . '' 
 he starts to say something else but is interrupted . 
 `` hey , adler , '' a loud voice calls out . 
 it belongs to a skinny guy with long black hair that covers half his face . 
 he 's walking with a crew of larger guys substantially pierced and inked . 
 noah acknowledges them with a nod . 
 `` when are you going to stop being such a pussy and come party with us ? '' 
 the skinny guys continues . 
 `` toby 's house is vacant this weekend . 
 dude , it 's going to be epic . '' 
 `` classy , are n't they , '' noah whispers to me . 
 then he yells back , `` i 'm buried this weekend . 
 maybe next time . '' 
 the guy stares for a long moment but does n't answer . 
 he keeps moving and is soon swallowed in the canopy of trees that line the sidewalk . 
 `` hey , i was thinking , '' noah says . 
 `` we 're going to need to meet to get our presentation ready . '' 
 `` you do n't think we can get it done in class ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` he did leave time for it in the schedule . '' 
 `` yeah , but not enough to get the grade we want . '' 
 then he swings his arm over my shoulders , giving me a quick , friendly squeeze that almost knocks me over . 
 `` so you know what that means ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 `` homework , baby . '' 
 `` you 're probably right , '' i agree , trying to mask my jitters . 
 `` i got a b on the last essay , and i 'm not happy about it . 
 english lit has always been one of my better subjects . '' 
 what i ca n't tell noah is that it 's my total head case behavior making school so difficult for me . 
 just trying to concentrate in class is exhausting and walking on campus puts me completely on edge . 
 it 's all i can do to get through the day . 
 `` when do you want to start ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no time like the present . 
 i live two blocks that way , '' he says , pointing behind us . 
 i 'm confused and a little flattered he 's walked all this extra way . 
 i know it should n't matter to me . 
 i should n't let it matter . 
 yet it does . 
 without censoring , i blurt , `` what about jenna ? '' 
 it comes out with a bite rather than the casual curiosity i would have faked if i actually thought before i spoke . 
 `` jenna ? '' 
 he purses his lips and i wonder if they 're still soft and minty . 
 `` yeah , jenna . 
 i ca n't help but notice in class it seems like there 's something going on there . '' 
 oh god , i 'm sounding like a complete stalker here . 
 why does he always make me say too much ? 
 `` jenna 's not my girlfriend , tabby . 
 i 'm not involved with anyone . 
 i asked you out , remember ? '' 
 `` well , that was a while ago , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm sorry for mentioning her , it 's none of my business . '' 
 but please go on . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 've been friends with jenna forever . 
 we dated freshman year , but it was disastrous . 
 she 's going through a hard time . 
 you 've probably noticed me hanging around her a lot . 
 i want to help her , but she does n't want my help . 
 i 'm trying to give her space unless she really needs me . '' 
 `` hmmm . 
 you really are one of the good ones , are n't you ? '' 
 again the censor from my brain to my lips is apparently off for the day . 
 `` not as good as you might think . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` so what do you say ? 
 study time at my house ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry but i ca n't . 
 i really need to get to my dad 's . '' 
 `` professor kelly has you on a tight leash does n't he ? '' 
 he questions . 
 `` well , he ca n't help it . 
 i went through some pretty heavy stuff last year . '' 
 shut up , tabby . 
 shut your mouth . 
 i 'm begging now . 
 noah should work at new beginnings ; none of the counselors were ever able to pry anything out of me . 
 he stops walking . 
 `` i do n't want to be nosy or butt in too much , but whatever it was that happened last year , is that why you keep to yourself so much ? 
 and the reason for your ` no dating ' rule ? '' 
 `` the way i look at it is i only have two years left of college . 
 i just want to get it over with , i do n't need the fanfare : the bffs , or boyfriends , or parties . 
 all i need is good grades . 
 i 'll have the rest of it when i 'm out on my own . '' 
 `` that 's well and good , tabby . '' 
 noah 's quiet , thoughtful . 
 `` but sometimes you need someone or something . 
 do n't miss out on that because you 're too busy focusing on where you 're going . 
 sometimes all we have is right here , right now . '' 
 `` well , that 's deep . '' 
 i try to fight back my laughter . 
 if he only knew how little any of this really matters . 
 i can tell he senses my sarcasm but that does n't deter him . 
 `` let 's just say , i 've went through some heavy stuff too , '' he says with a knowing smile . 
 i pull off his coat and try to hand it to him , but he 's already gone . 
 on a cloud , i float all the way home . 
 it should n't matter to me that noah does n't have a girlfriend or that he 's not involved with jenna , i know that . 
 it ca n't matter . 
 but it does , and i feel a little hope leaking in . 
 chapter 20 i 'm asleep when i hear a knock on the door . 
 it 's not the recurrent five taps i 'm used to . 
 it 's two commanding pounds that jolt me from bed . 
 too tired to grab my robe , i open the door before realizing i 'm only wearing a tank and boy shorts . 
 `` noah ? '' 
 i say , surprised he 's here . 
 he 's wearing my favorite jeans with a thin gray t-shirt . 
 leaning on his arm in the doorway , his eyes are dark and hooded as he looks me over . 
 `` i ca n't do this , tabby , '' he says , running his hands through his hair . 
 he looks like he 's been up all night , and i can smell whiskey on his breath . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i ask him , running my hand along his cheek . 
 he closes the space between us in one long glide and rests his forehead on mine . 
 `` i ca n't pretend anymore . '' 
 unsure where i 've found the courage , i link my hands around his neck and whisper a dare in his ear . 
 `` then do n't . '' 
 noah slams the door and whips me around , pushing me against it as his body claims mine . 
 i can feel his need , his desperation . 
 his lips are rough as he nips and bites at my mouth before gliding his tongue inside . 
 taking control , his hands cup my ass and he quickly lifts me to him . 
 this is too much . 
 too fast . 
 my mind reels , but my body reacts . 
 my legs instinctually wrap around his waist , my hands fist in his hair , and my tongue moves with his . 
 pushing me harder against the door for balance , noah gathers my hands , raises them above my head and secures my wrists in his grip . 
 i am completely vulnerable , trapped . 
 `` it 's okay , tabby , '' noah whispers in my ear . 
 `` you can stop me at any time . '' 
 that 's exactly what i want to do , but my body wo n't let me . 
 and before i get the chance to say a word , he slides my boy shorts to the side and plunges a finger deep inside me . 
 i wake up in a confused and convulsing mess after my afternoon nap . 
 my heart is slamming against my chest , my breathing is ragged , and my hands are shaking . 
 i reach for a glass of water on my bedside table and see the clock announcing it 's six p.m. . 
 it does nothing for my erratic state . 
 i 'm late . 
 again . 
 too many lady wet dreams about noah will do that to a gal . 
 it 's the third one i 've had this week . 
 not that i 'm complaining . 
 waking up post-orgasm is a wonderful thing . 
 still , it 's starting to mess with my schedule ... and my mind . 
 noah is slowly worming his way into my head and it 's becoming more than just a physical attraction . 
 i enjoy our talks almost as much as these sex dreams . 
 i change out of my sweats , slip into a pair of jeans and sweater , braid my hair , brush my teeth , and i 'm out the door to the paper in less than ten minutes . 
 on the walk to campus , my stomach growls . 
 i 'm ravenous and there 's no way i 'll be able to work without some fuel , so i pick up a deli sandwich on the way . 
 inside the paper 's office , it 's quiet . 
 everyone has gone for the day . 
 it 's nice . 
 i set up my little desk picnic at one of the computer tables , ready to do a final proof of the filed stories . 
 i spend the next hour hauling ass to get the articles loaded for tomorrow 's e-edition , i do n't even have time to eat . 
 i finish just as a shadow appears over my screen . 
 `` hi , tabby , '' jules says in a small voice . 
 `` hi , '' i say , excited to have some company . 
 `` can i join you ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i push a chair out with my feet . 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm done . '' 
 jules takes a seat ; her eyes are red and puffy . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` not really , '' she says . 
 `` guy trouble ? '' 
 `` foster trouble , '' she says . 
 i had a feeling they were more than just friends . 
 `` anything i can do to help ? '' 
 `` that 's the same question i asked him , '' she says as a tear rolls down her cheek . 
 `` i 'm here , '' i tell her . 
 `` if you want to talk . '' 
 she does n't answer and i do n't push . 
 i know better . 
 sometimes you just need to be . 
 i can tell that 's what she needs . 
 she 'll talk when she 's ready . 
 i hand her half my sandwich . 
 she forces a smile , but it 's her eyes that say , `` thank you . '' 
 we eat . 
 chapter 21 i 'm the first person to arrive at english lit , so i decide to get started on the next book : that was then , this is now . 
 it was one of the few books noah and i both read in high school , so it was an easy choice . 
 professor sands ' class is the only time i 'm fully present on campus -- my body is always on high alert , my insides flipping until the moment i see noah walk in . 
 i usually make it to class first so he has to walk past me to get to his desk . 
 once he does , i warm instantly . 
 where jenna is a disruption , noah is a distraction . 
 he makes me forget about everything . 
 when i 'm around him , i feel normal . 
 better than normal . 
 during each class , the tiny hairs on the back of my neck stand at attention with his every sound , shift of his feet , and movement in his desk . 
 once in a while , he lightly taps a rhythm on his desk with his pencil . 
 i do n't think he realizes he does it . 
 other times , he softly hums a tune and i completely melt . 
 on those days , it 's like we 're the only two people in class , until jenna interrupts with a giggle , or whisper , or theatrical sigh . 
 then i can feel noah watching her . 
 he says they 're only friends , but i still have my doubts . 
 thankfully , i do n't have to face any of this today . 
 i could n't ask for a better gift than her absence from school . 
 i watch the door and wait for noah , wondering what he 's wearing today , hoping he 'll flash his dimple before he sits down . 
 i even find myself looking forward to our project , just to spend more time with him . 
 still , i know i have to be careful . 
 my mind is on overdrive , until sands starts the class . 
 then it comes to a crashing halt . 
 i turn around in case i somehow missed him . 
 his desk is empty . 
 there 's no noah in class today . 
 my brain betrays me as i begin to imagine that noah and jenna skipped class . 
 they 're together at his apartment . 
 i can see it in my head . 
 though i have never been in noah 's home , i can picture it . 
 his futon is pulled out and they 're lying down looking into each other 's eyes , his arm is wrapped around her tiny waist . 
 her cute boots are neatly tucked by the side of the bed . 
 noah probably slipped them off to give her a foot rub . 
 he 'd have floor-to-ceiling shelves filled with books and interesting mementos . 
 inspirational posters , like the one of the guy climbing mount everest with the caption : nothing is out of reach , decorate his walls . 
 a green drum set sits in the corner . 
 a picture of jenna adorns his desk . 
 `` tabby . '' 
 a quiet voice snaps me back to reality . 
 `` tabby , are you in there ? '' 
 the voice asks . 
 it 's professor sands . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i try to recover and shake off the disturbing scene i created for noah and jenna . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` i just wanted to let you know that noah is out today for sukkot . '' 
 i have no idea what he 's talking about and apparently it shows . 
 `` it 's a jewish holiday , '' he says . 
 it takes me a minute . 
 i did n't know noah was jewish . 
 how strange . 
 i wonder if that 's his excuse for skipping out with jenna . 
 i mean , the first night i met him he was wearing a cross for crying out loud . 
 `` i 'll let you guys be the last group for the presentation , '' professor sands says . 
 `` that way you 'll have some extra time to prepare . 
 have you selected your novel yet ? '' 
 i nod and hold up the thin paperback . 
 `` good . '' 
 professor sands clasps his hands before going back to his desk to address the class . 
 `` now , as you select your books for this next assignment , i only want you to consider literature that speaks to you , '' he says . 
 `` i want to hear about a book that taught you something new , or helped you lose yourself for a while , brought you comfort , or made you angry -- '' he cuts himself off and laughs , knowing he 's getting carried away . 
 `` well , you get the idea . '' 
 there are a few questions and professor sands graciously answers them . 
 then he waves his hand theatrically , and leaves us to our books . 
 *** on the way home , i try not to think about noah even though i feel the weight of his fleece in my bag . 
 i brought it to class to return it to him after he let me wear it the other day , although i want nothing more than to keep it . 
 when i reach his street , i ca n't help but stare down the winding road hoping to catch a glimpse of him going to temple or whatever it is you do to celebrate sukkot . 
 i do n't see a thing . 
 my apartment is too quiet when i get home , but this time i 'm not happy to be alone or in a rush to bury myself in my nest . 
 i am ... restless . 
 i 'm caught up with all my studies , as well as the paper , so i put my messenger bag in the closet , next to the bag of ballet slippers michael brought me . 
 i take them out and grab my favorite pair . 
 with nothing better to do , i put them on . 
 they feel good . 
 perfect , actually . 
 like they 're meant to be there . 
 i lift my full-length mirror off my closet door and lean it against the wall and then pull up vivaldi 's the four seasons on my ipod . 
 in front of the mirror , i find first position . 
 it looks natural and feels even better . 
 i 'm home and finally decide it 's time to try . 
 in first position , my toes pointed out and arms taut yet graceful , i bend into demi-plié . 
 down four counts and up four counts , i do the same progression through all five positions . 
 back in first , i demi , further the bend into grand plié , and then roll up on my toes into relevé . 
 after four counts of eight , i point the toes on my right foot and extend my leg , sliding into the wide stance of second position to do the sequence again . 
 i move through the positions for several counts before it 's time for the fancy footwork , as michael used to call it . 
 i start with battement tendus -- drawing a line with my toes as i extend my right foot forward , and then erase the line as i bring it back in . 
 soon , everything clicks and i 'm tethered in a web of music and movement . 
 i feel tall and lithe . 
 i love the beauty of it . 
 the slow , graceful pace . 
 it takes so much concentration , i think of nothing else . 
 i 'm in a trance . 
 all dance can feel that way at times , but with ballet it 's even stronger . 
 maybe because each movement is slow and deliberate -- each movement is really its own work of art . 
 i extend my right leg to the front four times , to the side , to the back , and side again , before switching to the left leg . 
 after a good thirty minutes of fancy footwork , adding in frappes and ronde jambes , my legs burn . 
 it 's heaven . 
 chapter 22 after my little workout , i feel so good i tackle mom 's emails . 
 i whip through them , keeping the most recent message open on my computer . 
 i hit reply and write : hey mom , sorry , it 's taken me a while to get back to you . 
 i 'm just trying to get used to the university , the people , and the coursework here . 
 starting over is harder than i thought it 'd be . 
 heard we 're all spending thanksgiving together . 
 sounds good . 
 i have n't seen you for so long i 'm starting to forget what you look like . 
 say hi to michael for me . 
 and stephen too . 
 love , t two could play at her game . 
 she wants to judge and push and make me feel like shit with her snappy emails ; i 'll dish mine up with a nice big dose of guilt . 
 touché ! 
 it does n't make me feel better though ; that 's the trouble . 
 i 've played the martyr too long . 
 i hate to even go there , but maybe dr. payne has a point when she says i need to stop being a victim . 
 a very small point . 
 not wanting to think about that or mom any longer , i go outside to take a walk . 
 the temperature falls steadily as the sun begins to drop . 
 it makes my nose run . 
 i grab both the kleenex and earbuds out of my pocket and make a left toward the park . 
 my gloveless hands find warmth in the sleeves of my jacket . 
 pumpkins and cornstalks decorate the porches and front stoops of the homes on my block . 
 there 's a group of boys playing football in one of the front yards . 
 this is what normal looks like . 
 once i get to the park , i grab a swing , close my eyes , and pump my legs . 
 i move through the air in my own little world until someone grabs my feet . 
 i pull away and yank out my earbuds just in time to hear a familiar sound . 
 `` want some candy , little girl ? '' 
 my breath catches in my throat at the sight of him . 
 he is literally breathtaking with his flushed skin and bright eyes . 
 `` i 'm not supposed to talk to strange boys in the park , '' i tell him , grinning like an idiot . 
 `` what are you doing here anyway ? 
 are n't you supposed to be praying or fasting or something ? '' 
 `` how did you know about that ? '' 
 he sits on the swing next to me and rocks . 
 his legs drag on the ground while mine dangle in the air . 
 `` professor sands told me you were out of school for sukkot , '' i tell him , trying to keep my voice steady . 
 `` were you missing me at class today , tabby ? '' 
 yes ! 
 i can feel the heat reach my cheeks but hope it passes for cold rather than embarrassment . 
 `` you 'd like that , would n't you ? '' 
 i smirk . 
 `` we started our projects today and sands said we could have some extra time before our presentations because you 'd be out for the jewish holidays . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` which is odd because i seem to remember somebody wearing a cross . '' 
 `` guilty , '' he says . 
 `` i have buddhist beads too . 
 i guess you could say i have a fascination with religion . 
 i 'm half jewish , but i like to dabble in other faiths as well . '' 
 `` what ? 
 like the boy in life of pi ? '' 
 `` kind of . '' 
 he bumps his swing into mine . 
 `` anyway , sukkot is legit . 
 i have the crazy family at my parents ' house to prove it . '' 
 `` they live close then ? '' 
 `` yep , first suburb to the west . 
 i just got back and needed some air before i head to the paper . 
 it 's been a long day . '' 
 `` i get that . '' 
 boy , do i ever . 
 i try to keep my eyes on his instead of staring at the way his sweatshirt hugs his chest . 
 `` ya know , i wanted to call you today to tell you i would be out and we 'd have to reschedule our study session , but i did n't have your number . '' 
 he reaches in his pocket , pulls out his cell phone , and raises his eyebrows in question . 
 i bite my tongue and try to act like it 's completely normal for a guy to ask me for my phone number . 
 it is a little easier knowing it 's only for homework purposes . 
 he punches in the numbers i give him and my heart beats faster with each one . 
 `` well , i better move , '' he says . 
 `` i have a lead on a big story and i need to jump on it before someone else does . '' 
 `` good luck , '' i say , more than disappointed he 's leaving so soon . 
 he puts his hands on my shoulders and rubs my arms . 
 `` you need to dress better for the weather , tabby . 
 get home before you get sick out here . '' 
 little does he know that my chattering teeth have nothing to do with the temperature outside . 
 my eyes follow him all the way out of the park . 
 when he makes it onto the street , a red car stops and the guys inside try to get his attention . 
 he ignores them and keeps walking . 
 they yell something , but i ca n't make out what they say . 
 noah turns around with heat i 've never seen in his face . 
 i can hear his voice over the wind and the car 's engine . 
 it 's clear as a bell . 
 `` no , '' he shoots back , his hands bound in fists by his side . 
 `` i 'm done with that shit . 
 i 'm done . '' 
 chapter 23 once the weekend arrives , i 'm the most productive i 've been in months . 
 friday evening i spend at the paper , updating all the material for my independent study and proofing a few of the stories that have already been filed for monday 's edition . 
 saturday , i 'm up early brushing up on dance technique . 
 after lunch , i head to the library to study . 
 i 'm in a definite groove . 
 by the end of the weekend , i plan to be ahead with most of my coursework . 
 or so i think , before i run into jules . 
 `` how much studying do you have to do today ? '' 
 jules whispers , sliding in the seat across from me . 
 `` it 's all gravy , now , '' i tell her , completely proud of myself of everything i 've accomplished so far . 
 i 'm feeling a little like the old me and my goody-two-shoes way . 
 it helps that i can concentrate without the snickers and stares that had become my life on campus in illinois . 
 `` great , then it 's settled , '' jules says . 
 `` what 's settled ? '' 
 `` drinks and dinner on me . '' 
 `` you do n't have to do that . '' 
 `` yes , i do . 
 you never come out with any of the newspaper people , and i have n't seen you at any bars or parties . 
 have you been anywhere besides your apartment and campus since school started ? '' 
 `` does my parents ' house count ? '' 
 `` no , it does n't . '' 
 jules looks disgusted . 
 `` i was out with my brother a few weeks ago , '' i say in defense . 
 `` still no , '' she says . 
 `` i 'm just not really the partying type . '' 
 `` what about the eating type ? 
 i 'm not talking about a bar . 
 just dinner and maybe some tequila . 
 there 's a great mexican place that 's a staple around here . '' 
 `` okay , '' i give into her . 
 it 's easy to do when she 's so damn enthusiastic . 
 `` great . '' 
 she stands . 
 `` but if we want a table , we need to get down there now . '' 
 jules drags me from the library and we walk to locos tacos since it 's only a few blocks away . 
 jules bounces along in her little pixie way , she 's added in some purple highlights to her hair and they swing behind her . 
 but as we close in on couple making out on the side walk , her entire body starts to slump . 
 foster . 
 he 's groping a leggy blonde and the scene is obviously upsetting to jules . 
 she grabs my hand and pulls me past them -- until he hears us approach . 
 foster 's eyes lock on jules and he quickly distances himself from the blonde . 
 `` hey , shorty , '' he says , stuttering on the s. his eyes are glossy and his body sways . 
 `` hi , tabby , '' he says to me . 
 i wave , but jules just rolls her eyes at him and continues to tug me along . 
 `` i hope you saved some booze for the rest of us , '' jules calls back to foster . 
 `` it 's only five o’clock you know . '' 
 i do n't say anything the rest of the walk . 
 i know she 's upset and needs to calm down so i just let her go off as she mutters , asshole , dumbass , moron under her breath . 
 when we arrive , i can see jules was n't kidding about the crowd . 
 we snag the last table in the corner of the restaurant . 
 a waitress brings over chips and salsa and we order margaritas with an extra shot of tequila . 
 `` so you got it bad for him , huh ? '' 
 i ask when we 're alone . 
 `` that obvious ? '' 
 she drops her head to the table . 
 `` only to someone who 's been there , '' i tell her , thinking of noah . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 `` i wo n't bother you with the drama-filled story , but i could give you the cliff notes version . '' 
 `` bring it , '' i tell her as our drinks arrive . 
 `` we used to date . 
 it did n't work out , but we still could n't keep our hands off each other , so it became a `` friends with benefits '' situation . 
 it made me feel like shit and i put an end to it and now foster 's become a total manwhore . '' 
 `` shit , '' i mutter . 
 `` exactly , '' jules says . 
 `` but it is what it is . '' 
 `` wow . 
 you 're taking it surprisingly well . 
 how is that possible ? '' 
 `` balls of steel , '' she deadpans before breaking into an infectious laugh . 
 i immediately join in , clinking my glass to hers . 
 the tequila helps loosen me up and i ca n't believe how much i 've missed girl time . 
 `` could i borrow them sometime ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` name it and they 're yours . '' 
 she grins . 
 `` so what about you ? 
 anyone at school grab your attention yet ? '' 
 `` nah , '' i lie . 
 `` hmm , '' she says looking around the room . 
 `` there are a few options in here . 
 that guy to my right in the blue t-shirt -- he 's pretty cool . 
 rugby player . 
 not that smart , but he 's pretty . 
 he could be fun for a few weeks . '' 
 `` ew . '' 
 `` okay , okay . '' 
 she shrugs , continuing her search . 
 `` hold on . 
 that guy behind me , wearing the button-down , is super sweet . 
 cute as hell and his glasses would look great resting on your bedside table . '' 
 `` jules , '' i yell . 
 `` yeah , that 's right . 
 no good . 
 i forgot , he 's the president of the college republicans club . '' 
 she shudders . 
 i throw my balled-up napkin at her . 
 `` and whatever you do , stay away from every single guy at the table to my left . 
 total creepers . '' 
 i look over at them . 
 `` noted , '' i say . 
 `` actually , i 'm just trying to concentrate on school and keep my life as drama free as possible . '' 
 she nods . 
 `` drama free . 
 what a concept . '' 
 we drink to that . 
 *** during the remaining hours of the weekend , i dream about noah . 
 i wish i could 've talked to jules about him , but i think i 'm better off if he stays in my dreams . 
 plus , at his rate , there is absolutely no reason for a sex life . 
 my dreams are keeping me perfectly satisfied . 
 well , almost . 
 by the time monday arrives , i wake up feeling lighter . 
 free . 
 not happy , no , i wo n't kid myself . 
 but i think i can get by ; maybe even become a contributing member of society . 
 or ... maybe not . 
 in the commons , i see two figures in the distance and quickly feel a shot of pain right to the heart . 
 if it did n't hurt so bad , i would be embarrassed . 
 i should be embarrassed . 
 it does n't make any sense . 
 noah is talking to jenna , his hands in his pockets as he stands close . 
 too close . 
 i ca n't look at her without feeling a deep rage . 
 it is n't rational . 
 i 've known plenty of girls who have it all -- the looks , the life , the guy . 
 it never bothered me before , even in my darkest days in illinois . 
 the difference ? 
 i know deep down it 's noah . 
 i also know i 'm being ridiculous . 
 i have no claim on him -- whether he told the truth about being single or not -- but i want to claim him . 
 i want to brand him with a big t.k. across his back . 
 i want to yell , `` he 's mine , back off , bitches . '' 
 as i approach , i keep my eyes on the ground . 
 `` hey , tabby , '' noah says when i walk by . 
 i wave and then i reach in my bag . 
 as much as i hate to part with it , i pull his jacket out and hand it to him . 
 `` thanks , '' he says . 
 `` see you in class . '' 
 `` i 'll be there , '' i say , pretending jenna is n't standing next to him glaring at me . 
 i know she 's checking me out -- my pathetic clothes and ponytail -- and wondering why the hell someone like noah is even giving me the time of day . 
 i wonder the same thing . 
 still , i ca n't stop thinking about him . 
 i guess i 'm bound to have feelings for him . 
 he is the first person , other than family , who seems interested in me . 
 not because of dance . 
 not because of my cute girlfriends . 
 not because i have the right hair and the right clothes -- because let 's face facts , i am far from rockin ' it these days . 
 the way i feel about him is like that hero worship phenomena , or transference , when patients end up falling in love with their doctor or therapist . 
 we studied it in my psych class last year . 
 i think i 've got it . 
 my head says , `` perfectly natural , tab , but definitely not real . '' 
 my heart argues , `` it 's totally legit , tabitha . 
 for the first time , someone appreciates the real you . '' 
 mmmhmm . 
 i would n't bet on those odds . 
 the last class of the day arrives and professor sands puts us to work immediately . 
 i turn around and noah has the same paperback on his desk that i have in my hands , except his is tattered around the edges and has a million dog-eared pages . 
 i hold up my newer version of that was then , this is now . 
 `` great minds , aye ? '' 
 his voice is thick with his minnesota accent . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 've read this one . 
 it might be my favorite . '' 
 `` yeah , it 's a good one , '' i say . 
 `` i think it was the title that lured me in , though . '' 
 he bites his lower lip , and studies me . 
 i pick up his copy and examine the highlights and dog ears . 
 `` how old is this book ? '' 
 he closes his eyes and crinkles up his face and i want hug him and smack a huge kiss on the tip of his nose . 
 he is adorable . 
 i think maybe if i get close to him , some of that goodness will wear off on me . 
 `` it 's only a few years old , but i 've put it to good use . '' 
 `` have you finished all the chapter assignments yet ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i have a few chapters left , '' he says . 
 `` me too . '' 
 `` do you want to finish those now and then we can start the project at my place after class ? '' 
 `` okay , '' i say without thinking it through . 
 alone with noah , i do n't stand a chance . 
 i am weak and lonely . 
 it 's a dangerous combination . 
 `` great . '' 
 he seems excited . 
 almost as much as i am . 
 i sit sideways in my seat , not willing to turn around , and read . 
 or , pretend to read , but all i can think about is spending the afternoon with noah . 
 when class lets out , i choose to let myself have this day . 
 no guilt . 
 no past . 
 no psycho behavior . 
 for the next two hours , i 'd just let myself be with this guy . 
 this perfect , sweet , and ridiculously sexy guy . 
 we walk down noah 's street . 
 he keeps step with me and stays close . 
 `` that 's it , '' he says and laces his hand in mine , ushering me inside . 
 my breath catches when i feel our skin touch . 
 his hands are big and a little rough , but warm and strong . 
 it feels so good ; i do n't think anything has ever felt better . 
 i curl my fingers and tighten my grip , not wanting to ever let go . 
 inside , noah takes my backpack and sets it next to his on a bench . 
 his place is so him : warm , cozy , and interesting . 
 we have the place to ourselves . 
 `` do n't you have roommates ? '' 
 noah shakes his head . 
 `` i did , but he moved out . 
 come on , '' he says , pulling me into his room . 
 `` it 's more comfortable here . '' 
 his room is nothing like i pictured in my little imaginative scenario with noah and jenna . 
 the walls are pale blue and covered in paintings and framed tapestries and strange paper scrolls . 
 there are religious artifacts everywhere : a golden buddha , miles of prayer beads , the star of david , a frame with words to the serenity prayer , even a crucifix . 
 the room has a soothing feel to it , but it 's weird . 
 there 's no futon as i imagined , just a nice big comfy bed with loads of pillows and a navy comforter . 
 there 's a desk in one corner , piled with books , papers , and no jenna photos as far as i can see . 
 and , surprise , surprise , in the other corner sits a keyboard and two guitars . 
 i knew i picked up the musician vibe . 
 noah messes around with his ipod before placing it in a docking station . 
 he kicks back on the bed and pats the edge for me to join him . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` i had you for the music for sure , but i 'm not sure what to make of the whole rabbi-dalai lama-priest-monk thing you have going on here . '' 
 `` does it creep you out ? '' 
 his eyes search mine . 
 `` no , why ? 
 should it ? '' 
 `` no . 
 god , i hope not . '' 
 `` so what gives ? 
 where did you get all this stuff ? '' 
 `` here and there , '' he says . 
 `` there 's a tibetan shop in linden hills and a bunch of random stores in uptown . 
 plus , my parents travel for work . 
 they brought me back a few things from china and india . '' 
 `` why the interest in global religions ? 
 `` you know how we talked about going through rough times ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` learning about different religions and getting into some of this stuff helped pull me out of mine . 
 now i find it more fascinating than anything else . '' 
 `` very productive . 
 you know , a lot of people take a different route when they hit a rough patch . 
 drugs , sex , isolation . 
 i 'm impressed you went the other way . '' 
 `` do n't be . 
 i 'm not saying i did n't go through some of that stuff first . '' 
 he winks . 
 i want to ask him what happened . 
 i want to know if his rough spot was as bad as mine , but i know we 're not ready to go there . 
 i know i 'm not . 
 `` you 're an interesting guy , noah adler , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll give you that . '' 
 i accept his invitation and move to sit on the edge of his bed . 
 `` you 're interesting too , tabitha kelly . '' 
 he catches my arms that currently hold my body on his bed and lets them , and me , drop onto his pillows . 
 `` take a load off . '' 
 he drops a pillow on my head . 
 `` let 's relax a little before we get to work . 
 i want to know more about you . '' 
 i look into his blue eyes and take a breath , then i tell him about me ... just a little . 
 *** as the weeks pass , i spend a lot of `` study time '' at noah 's and he does get to know more about me . 
 more than i would like . 
 today he is relentless . 
 `` what more could you possible want to know ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i have n't even got to all the basics yet , '' he says before firing off a million questions . 
 `` what do you want to be when you grow up ? 
 how many kids do you want to have ? '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` okay , then , something less personal , '' he says . 
 `` what 's your favorite movie ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you that . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because it might change your opinion of me . '' 
 `` come on , '' he says , pinning me down . 
 `` tenacious reporter , remember ? 
 i wo n't give up until i have my answer . '' 
 `` stop , '' i tell him , his breath on my neck driving me crazy . 
 `` okay , '' i say between giggles . 
 `` okay . 
 it 's dirty dancing . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 noah asks , sitting up now and looking at me like i 'm his most fascinating interview . 
 `` you heard me . '' 
 `` nobody puts baby in the corner ? 
 really , tab . 
 is n't that movie like fifty years old ? '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 i know . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i love the dancing . '' 
 `` but it 's dirty dancing . 
 i 'd think you 'd be more into black swan or something . '' 
 `` mmmhmm . '' 
 i slap his chest . 
 `` the only reason you know about that movie is because of the girl-on-girl action . '' 
 `` i can not confirm or deny . '' 
 he wraps his arms around me . 
 `` but really . 
 dirty dancing ? '' 
 `` have you even watched it ? '' 
 `` i ca n't say i have . '' 
 `` no judgment then . 
 it 's so good , and the dance scenes are amazing -- it 's not even acting . 
 you can tell they 're all really feeling it . 
 i just love that . 
 and the music . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` and patrick swayze . '' 
 `` i knew it ; always about the men with you chicks , '' noah says , his hand resting on the small of my back . 
 a layer of cotton is between us , but his touch is still electric . 
 he leans in and brushes his lips against my neck . 
 and i want more . 
 even though it scares the hell out of me . 
 a moan slips from my throat at his touch . 
 i 've had to keep myself so controlled around noah for the past few weeks -- not an easy feat when i know how good he is with his hands , and his mouth , and ... ugh ! 
 i 'm starting to unravel . 
 i need to take control of this -- whatever this is -- if i want to get out of it in one piece . 
 maybe if i lead , if i keep it purely physical ... maybe then , i can get what i want . 
 noah . 
 but i have to be in control . 
 i 'm not ready to hand over my heart again . 
 noah opens his mouth to say something , but i interrupt . 
 `` is it okay if we just hang out here for a while and not talk ? '' 
 i ask him gently . 
 `` too many questions ? '' 
 he asks , looking hurt . 
 i nod , but slip my hands under his shirt before he can be too wounded . 
 there . 
 advantage : me . 
 i rest my head in the crook of my arm , using the other to explore his lower back and shoulders . 
 i slide in closer and noah 's breath hitches . 
 i 'm doing it . 
 my hand comes around his body to his chest , where i let it drift over his lean muscle . 
 getting a little daring , i trail my thumb over his nipple . 
 and that 's all it takes . 
 he crushes into my lips and kisses me , really kisses me , and i take the plunge , not thinking about anyone or anything other than him . 
 we kiss . 
 and kiss . 
 soft and slow at first . 
 i 'm lost in the feeling . 
 in noah . 
 he smells like peppermint and tastes sweet ; a soft , folky song plays in the background . 
 everything is perfect . 
 the kisses become more intense and he leans into me . 
 my body responds to his and pushes back while the music echoes in my head . 
 i 've never felt this before , even when things started getting heavy with thomas it was n't like this . 
 i did n't want to crawl into his skin or tell him how special he was . 
 i want all of that with noah , but i 'm not sure i can . 
 i 'm not sure he 'd want to continue if he knew the real me , if he knew the whole story . 
 the guys at my old school -- even the nice ones -- looked at me like i was damaged goods once the word was out . 
 i wonder if noah would be like them . 
 but the more my mind drifts to the past , my body works overtime to keep me in the present . 
 each touch , each sensation is heightened . 
 then in one fluid movement , noah has me flipped over and trapped under him . 
 his lips continue their rough assault and his hand snakes under my shirt . 
 it makes me nervous ; i need to take charge again . 
 i take his hand and pull it off my bare skin , struggling under his weight . 
 he lifts up to relieve the pressure , and that 's when i launch myself on top of him . 
 straddling his hips , i use my hands to push my full body weight down on his chest . 
 all me . 
 his eyes grow wide , like he 's waiting to see what i 'll do next . 
 i lean back and pull my shirt over my head . 
 noah 's hands travel to my ribs , gripping me , before moving to my breasts . 
 again , i grab his hands and place them down by his sides . 
 i reach behind my back and unclasp my bra . 
 `` i really wanted to do that , '' noah says , his voice strained . 
 with a slight adjustment of my shoulder , the bra falls off . 
 noah exhales . 
 his eyes burn my skin . 
 `` touch me . '' 
 i give him permission . 
 he obliges , watching me closely as if he now understands that i need to be in control . 
 he leans up to touch me and taste me . 
 soon i want more . 
 i guide his hand between my legs and know it will take nothing to make me come undone . 
 but before he touches me , noah stops . 
 he shifts our position , dropping me to his side as he takes the hand i was using to guide him and slowly moves it to my chest , holding it tightly in place . 
 `` my turn , '' he says , his face determined . 
 all playfulness gone . 
 his free hand finds its way back between my legs and i have to bite my lip to hold in a scream . 
 `` tabby , '' he warns when i start to protest . 
 this time , without my guidance , his fingers brush over me and find the perfect spot . 
 when they do , they press down . 
 i tell myself that i want to go through with it . 
 i want him . 
 still , i want control even more . 
 red lights flash behind my eyes signaling potential disaster to my brain . 
 and that 's when my body shuts down . 
 `` stop , '' i say , my voice hoarse . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 noah releases me and stills instantly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 his voice is raspy too . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i bury my head in his neck , grip his hands , and hold us still until our breathing slows . 
 he follows my lead , but does n't seem mad or frustrated . 
 i talk myself down from blinking red to a cool blue and loosen my grip on his hands . 
 noah swoops his arms around me , pulling my head to his chest . 
 `` sorry , '' i tell him , looking up . 
 `` i just get a little nervous . '' 
 i wave it off , but his expression tells me he 's not buying it . 
 `` it helps if i can -- '' i stop , not quite sure how to say it . 
 `` be in control , '' noah finishes for me . 
 `` yep . '' 
 i exhale . 
 it feels good to admit . 
 `` can you tell me why ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 telling him why would mean telling him about thomas and i 'm not ready to do that . 
 `` tabby . '' 
 noah squeezes his protective arm around me . 
 `` you like me , right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` i think we 've established that . '' 
 `` and you want to be with me ? '' 
 his eyes warm , turning me to mush all over again . 
 `` i 'd say so . 
 have n't you been here for the last thirty minutes ? '' 
 `` okay . 
 good . '' 
 he rubs my arms . 
 `` so , if we 're going to try this , you have to trust me to be in control sometimes . 
 i want this to be an equal relationship of give and take . '' 
 he meets my eyes and runs the back of his hand along my cheek . 
 i nod , because it 's what i want too . 
 `` i mean , as hot as it is to have you go all dominatrix on my ass , you need to share that control with me , tabby , for us to have a chance . 
 do you think you can do that ? '' 
 my body shouts , hell yes ! 
 my brain , not so much . 
 i wish i could tell him why i need control . 
 how it helps me feel safe . 
 how when your will is taken from you , the last thing you want to do is give it up again freely . 
 i think the only way i 've been able to move on from what thomas did to me , is by staying in control -- being the one person to say where , when , and how . 
 even if i have n't officially completed the mission yet . 
 `` i do n't know , noah , '' i tell him honestly . 
 `` hey , i 'm not asking to have carte blanche in this relationship , '' he says . 
 `` that 's not healthy either . 
 i just want equal footing . 
 and more importantly , i want you to feel safe with me . '' 
 `` i want to , but i do n't know if i can . 
 this is the third time i 've had to put the brakes on things . 
 i do n't know how to get past that . '' 
 noah sets his jaw . 
 `` i wish you 'd tell me why . 
 i think i could help . '' 
 it 's too late for that , i tell him in my mind . 
 still , i do think i could start over with noah . 
 not fix the past , but maybe start a new future . 
 dr. payne once told me suffering a sexual assault is almost like a death . 
 it 's like you become defined by life before the assault and life after . 
 that 's exactly how i feel . 
 the before me was fun , trusting , and innocent . 
 but she seems so far away , i 'm not sure i 'll ever see her again . 
 and i 'm stuck with the after me -- distant , mistrusting , lost . 
 what if i could leave them both behind ? 
 `` we 'll figure it out , tab , '' noah says with such confidence it 's hard not to believe him . 
 yet , my head continues to spin and my eyes grow heavy . 
 this has been more exhausting than therapy . 
 `` i 'm so tired , '' i tell him with a yawn . 
 `` okay , '' noah says , stroking my hair . 
 `` can we just rest here awhile ? '' 
 i snuggle into his pillow . 
 `` i ca n't think of anything i 'd like better . '' 
 he laces his fingers in mine and pulls me close . 
 noah is asleep almost as soon as his head hits the pillow . 
 my craziness is taking its toll on him too . 
 i listen to his breathing , trying to relax and quiet my mind . 
 it does n't work and soon i 'm sliding into those memories . 
 the ones i want to forget . 
 i jolt up , wanting to wake noah . 
 i 'd rather answer all of his questions than wallow in my unwelcomed thoughts . 
 i 'm so frustrated , i could scream . 
 but i do n't . 
 instead my eyes well up and before i can stop it , a tear drops . 
 noah 's sleepy eyes open . 
 he studies me . 
 his face drops with my tear . 
 my cheek is wet and i shift to hide it . 
 most guys would look away and change the subject , but not noah . 
 he stares at me with concern covering his face . 
 yes , he 's definitely one of the good guys . 
 i give my best attempt at a giggle to blow off this uncomfortable mess . 
 it does n't work . 
 he can see right through me . 
 `` tabby , i 'm sorry i did n't know you were upset . 
 i would n't have slept -- '' `` no worries , '' i cut him off . 
 `` well , i am worried . 
 i want you to be able to talk to me . 
 maybe i could help . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you have better ways to spend your free time than trying to help a head case . '' 
 `` what if i told you helping you would help me ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i 'd believe you . '' 
 `` just wait , it might be you running away after you find out i 'm the hot mess . '' 
 `` i do n't believe it , '' i tell him . 
 `` i think you 'd be better off with someone without so many issues . '' 
 i do n't want to go there , but it has to be said . 
 `` i saw you and jenna talking again today ; maybe you are n't done with her yet . 
 maybe your time would be better spent with someone normal like her . '' 
 `` that ship has sailed , '' he says . 
 though i know it 's selfish , i 'm glad he says it . 
 it 's exactly what i want to hear . 
 `` it 's complicated , but it 's not what you think , '' he tries explaining . 
 again . 
 `` we are not involved that way . 
 really . '' 
 noah moves closer , and shifts me on my side so i 'm looking right into his eyes . 
 he lifts my hand and places it around his neck and strokes my arm with his fingers . 
 `` but , '' he says . 
 `` i would like to be involved with you . '' 
 he never takes his eyes off me . 
 those blue pools only inches from mine . 
 `` i want you , tabby , '' his breath catches . 
 noah leans in and gently runs his lips over mine and my body feels like it is turning inside out . 
 `` i think i can help you , '' his voice vibrates on my lips . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i have a plan , '' he says with a gleam in his eyes . 
 `` think you can trust me ? '' 
 `` i think so , '' i say , willing to try just about anything to have this with noah . 
 `` when do we start ? '' 
 chapter 24 i wake up the next morning with butterflies in my stomach and a smile on my face , and wish i could get back to my dreams about noah . 
 it 's only five o’clock in the morning , the earliest i 'd been up in months , and i ca n't sleep . 
 i tossed and turned all night . 
 energy pulsates in my bones and i ca n't lay still , i need to find a way to calm down . 
 i slip on my ballet shoes and get to work . 
 i spend the next hour doing floor work and turns . 
 after i 'm done , i go to the kitchen for some water . 
 my legs tighten with each step . 
 strangely , it feels good . 
 no pain , no gain and all that . 
 after my shower , i almost trip on the box i pulled out earlier to get my ballet slippers . 
 i have no idea what it is . 
 out of curiosity , i open it to find make-up , a straightener , and colorful hair accessories . 
 i laugh at those , not believing how i once put that crap in my hair . 
 the make-up and flatiron , however , i could see using some of that . 
 it might look nice to cover the dark circles under my eyes and add some gloss to my lips , and maybe run an iron down my hair so i do n't have to slick it back in a headband and ponytail every day . 
 i bring the goods to my bathroom and begin experimenting . 
 not too much , not like before . 
 i do n't want to see that girl again , but maybe i could create someone new -- someone who can think for herself and does n't have to impress anyone . 
 i pull the iron down my long hair , not to make it perfect , just enough to take out the frizz . 
 i run my hands through it , loving the soft feeling on my fingers . 
 i find some concealer and dab a little under my eyes , run the mascara wand through my lashes , and put some gloss on my lips . 
 i look almost human . 
 when i see noah on my way to class , he does n't talk at first , just stares . 
 he stares and smiles . 
 then he grabs my hand . 
 i ca n't take it any longer . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` you look beautiful today , '' he says . 
 `` it 's weird , somehow you look more like you . 
 if that makes sense . '' 
 `` well , if you like this , you would 've loved me in illinois . 
 primped and polished ; lean and mean . '' 
 `` no , that sounds too fussy for you . 
 this is perfect . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i simply say . 
 and i mean it . 
 `` so , are you ready to work on your control issues tonight ? '' 
 noah 's grin is devious and sexy as hell . 
 `` i think so . 
 you have something in mind ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 he wiggles his eyebrows and it makes me nervous . 
 `` should i be worried ? '' 
 noah grabs my hands now . 
 `` no , '' he assures me . 
 `` not at all . 
 in fact , i think we should do this at your place to make you more comfortable . '' 
 `` okay , '' i waver . 
 `` great . 
 i 'll be there at seven , '' he says before we go our separate ways . 
 i do n't hear one word during class . 
 *** wear something comfortable . 
 that was noah 's text an hour ago . 
 not only does he want control of my body tonight , he 's telling me what to wear too . 
 i 'm not so sure this is a good idea . 
 still , i follow his instructions . 
 i have on my black yoga pants and one of my cotton wrap ballet tops over a camisole , and i 'm pacing across my apartment . 
 a knock on the door stops me mid-stride . 
 `` hi , '' noah greets me , a smile spread across his beautiful face . 
 he must 've had an interview tonight because he 's dressed up , looking as edible as ever . 
 his gray pants hang on him in a way that makes my entire core clench . 
 his blue shirt fits him perfectly and shows off his broad shoulders and narrow waist and when he loosens his tie , it 's all i can do not to jump him right there . 
 instead , i give him a chaste kiss on the cheek . 
 `` hi , yourself , '' i say , guiding him into my apartment . 
 we take a seat on the couch and noah links our hands before he starts assessing the place . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i laugh , wondering what he has up his sleeve . 
 `` just planning out our little experiment , '' he says , picking up my ballet slippers by the mirror . 
 `` were you practicing ? 
 you look like a prima ballerina in those clothes . '' 
 `` i did earlier today , '' i admit . 
 `` i remember your dad telling me you are an amazing dancer . '' 
 `` that 's just my dad bragging . '' 
 i brush off noah 's comment . 
 that is the last thing i want to talk about right now . 
 `` so , are we going to do this or what ? '' 
 `` yes , we are . '' 
 he lifts my hand and kisses each knuckle . 
 `` as soon as you stop being so bossy . '' 
 `` noah , '' i huff . 
 `` at least tell me what you have planned . '' 
 `` okay , you tyrant . 
 i thought we 'd start with some trust exercises . '' 
 `` like having me fall into your arms ? '' 
 we used to do things like that with new dance partners . 
 relief washes over me . 
 i can do this . 
 `` yeah , stuff like that , '' he says , his eyes gleaming . 
 `` at first . '' 
 `` and then ? '' 
 `` have you ever heard of sensate focus ? '' 
 `` no , '' i draw out the word . 
 nerves flutter away in my belly . 
 `` it 's this technique used in sexual therapy . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i try to remain composed . 
 `` do n't worry , baby . '' 
 noah chuckles . 
 `` it 's not as scary as it sounds . 
 it 's a way to help with intimacy and control . '' 
 oh boy , leave it to the journalist to research this stuff . 
 i do n't even want to know what he has planned . 
 one day at a time . 
 `` but all that stuff is later , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 he smiles , pulls his tie from his collar , and dangles it from his fingers . 
 `` are you ready for the first exercise , tabitha ? '' 
 unable to find my words , i nod to let him know i 'm game . 
 noah sweeps my hair over one shoulder and kisses my neck . 
 i secretly hope there will be more of this in our experiment . 
 i close my eyes and shiver as he places the tie over my eyes , tying it behind my head . 
 `` hang on , '' he whispers . 
 i can hear him moving around the living room and my hands instantly go damp . 
 my heart rate picks up and i know i 'm close to a full-fledged panic attack . 
 noah takes my hands , lifting me upright . 
 `` i 've got you , '' he says in my ear . 
 `` i wo n't let anything happen to you , tab . 
 and we can stop at any time . '' 
 his words help me pull it together . 
 `` let 's do it , '' i say . 
 `` that 's my girl . 
 okay , this exercise is called minefield . '' 
 `` nice , '' i quip . 
 `` putting me into a war scenario . 
 this is fab . '' 
 `` the point of it is trust , tabby . 
 i 've set up mines and now you have to trust me to avoid them . '' 
 i stand and clear my head . 
 and then noah helps me navigate the minefield . 
 i listen to his low voice , follow his directions , and he deftly leads me around danger to safety . 
 it 's unfortunate that in the real world , there are just too many mines to avoid . 
 chapter 25 `` it 's just above the shoulders play for our first time , '' noah says . 
 i have to say , i 'm looking forward to some actual touching . 
 it 's been two weeks since we 've started noah 's experiment and we 've been spending a lot of time together without so much as a real kiss . 
 tonight should change all that . 
 i 've done a little research on sensate focus on my own . 
 i needed to know what was coming . 
 apparently , during stage one , a couple focuses on touching each other above the shoulders . 
 of course , since my control issues are a problem , it will be noah touching me . 
 i ca n't guide him or tell him what to do . 
 i have to let him take the lead . 
 thankfully , touching below the collar is n't allowed , so i 'm safe . 
 at least for now . 
 `` i 'll only be touching you above here , tab , '' noah encourages , tracing an imaginary line at my collarbone . 
 `` and maybe just a little kissing . '' 
 he winks . 
 `` i 'm learning that with you , just a little anything can be dangerous , '' i say . 
 noah looks flattered . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` mmmhmm , '' i say . 
 `` but there 's no need to get all smug about it . '' 
 noah pulls me over to the chaise and tucks me in between his legs . 
 `` let 's get started , '' he says , before releasing my hair from the rubber band . 
 he fans the long strands out over my shoulders and weaves his fingers in until he reaches my scalp . 
 and for the next few minutes , i 'm the recipient of the most amazing scalp massage . 
 i 'm so relaxed that noah easily coaxes me back to rest on his chest . 
 once i 'm settled , his fingers explore my face . 
 it 's not long before i feel the heat simmering inside , especially when he captures my earlobe between his thumb and forefinger . 
 he squeezes my ear in a strangely alluring way , and my nipples instantly tighten . 
 this is unfair . 
 so when his fingers move to my lips , i grab one of them with my teeth and bite it just to prove a point . 
 `` stop , '' noah scolds and flips me over to deliver a stinging smack to my ass . 
 `` you are not allowed to do that and you know it . '' 
 `` oww , '' i whine , shocked he just spanked me , but also a little turned on . 
 okay , a lot turned on . 
 `` we 're moving on . '' 
 noah motions for me to turn around so we 're face to face . 
 after i do , he grabs my legs behind the knee and pulls me to him . 
 `` to kissing . '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` there are rules , tabitha . '' 
 he 's in bossy mode again . 
 `` i control the kiss . '' 
 `` so no kissing back then ? '' 
 i ask innocently . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he smirks . 
 `` you have to participate , but you have to follow me . '' 
 and with that , he does n't wait . 
 he palms the back of my head and his lips take control of mine . 
 chapter 26 it was no doubt the most romantic , erotic , amazing , incredible night i 've ever experienced . 
 noah not only continues to gain control of my body but also my heart . 
 that 's even scarier . 
 he 's broken through all the walls i put up after thomas destroyed me , and now i 'm not sure i 'll ever be able to get noah back outside at a safe distance ... or if i even want to . 
 holding my hand as we walk on campus the next morning , the air is crisp but all i feel is noah 's warmth . 
 it 's perfect until we have company . 
 `` hey , jenna , '' noah says as we pass her royal bitchiness . 
 `` noah , '' she says to him all soft and sweet . 
 `` your article in today 's edition was flawless . 
 it 's one for your portfolio . '' 
 `` thanks , '' he says , a little too pleased with her praise . 
 she pats him on the shoulder , then looks over at me , rolls her eyes , shakes her head and walks off . 
 noah pretends not to notice . 
 his reaction makes it even worse and that 's when i start to realize i 'm completely out of his league and probably making a huge mistake . 
 *** the incident with jenna has me in knots all day . 
 it takes me back to the place i 've worked so hard to run from . 
 but that damage has n't healed . 
 not even close . 
 i 'm on pins and needles all day , scared to see jenna again . 
 worried of what she might say to me . 
 afraid of what she thinks of me . 
 then in poly sci , i hear the whispers . 
 she 's not even trying to be quiet . 
 `` i swear , that tabitha girl and noah , '' jenna says to her wannabes . 
 `` poor guy , he 's lost it , '' she adds . 
 her words are like a snakebite . 
 `` looks like she just had an extreme makeover , '' jenna laughs . 
 `` but it 's going to take a lot more than that . 
 so anyway ... '' as jenna moves to another topic , i take slow , deep breaths and swallow back the tears as they start to pool in my eyes . 
 i ca n't cry here . 
 in front of her . 
 jules catches my attention from the other side of the classroom . 
 she mouths to me , `` are you okay ? '' 
 over the past two months , i 've become quite friendly with jules and foster -- vices and all . 
 jules eats lunch with me almost every day in the commons . 
 foster joins us when he 's not hung over . 
 i look at jules , shake my head , and look away before she gives me the pity face . 
 jenna 's whispers buzz in my ear . 
 her laugh makes my head hurt . 
 i have to get out of there . 
 i manage to excuse myself before the tears flow , but i know they 're on the way . 
 it 's too late to recover . 
 i make it to the newspaper office in the next building . 
 once i 'm in noah 's office , i lock the door and drop to the floor . 
 chapter 27 the day i finally lost my shit last year had been excruciatingly bad , enduring the looks and whispers , but most of all the silence . 
 nobody talked to me . 
 the professors did n't even call on me anymore and my friends no longer looked at me , not even megan . 
 she was into self-preservation , and when paige adams offered megan a lifeboat as her self-appointed bff , she took it without looking back . 
 thomas was back playing on the team again , and really suffered no consequences for what he did . 
 i , on the other hand , was forced to sit out of our biggest dance production of the year . 
 and once that happened , i could n't deal with any of it anymore . 
 when i got to my dorm room that afternoon , i locked myself in with all the pills i could find . 
 i washed them down with a diet coke and spread out on the floor until everything went black . 
 what happened next is still a little fuzzy . 
 i remember there was pounding on the other side of the bathroom door and screaming . 
 then i heard a loud bang and crunching sound , and then someone lifted me up . 
 i tried to talk but the words would n't come out . 
 when i woke up , i was in the psych ward . 
 new beginnings is a catch-all psychiatric inpatient hospital in a small town four hours southwest of chicago . 
 it 's where i was summoned ; despite the fact there are dozens of places near the city . 
 mom said the distance would be good for me , but we both know the real reason i was sent there . 
 she was embarrassed and wanted me gone . 
 that made two of us . 
 chapter 28 `` tabby , are you in there ? '' 
 asks a voice that would normally have me smiling , but right now only brought me dread . 
 i clear my throat . 
 `` just a minute , '' i say . 
 i slowly stand up , feeling all the blood rush to my head . 
 i quickly find a compact in my purse . 
 the face in the mirror is blotchy and swollen and my eyes are bloodshot . 
 i do my best to rectify the problem . 
 `` thanks for telling me , jules , '' noah says from the other side of the door . 
 `` i 'll take it from here . '' 
 `` tabby ? '' 
 his voice shakes now . 
 i finish powdering my face and open the door . 
 `` oh hey , '' i say , like it 's completely normal for me to be hiding out in his office . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` taking a break . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 i challenge . 
 `` i was waiting for you after class and jules told me you left early . 
 she thought you might be here . '' 
 `` well , yeah , i do hang out here sometimes . 
 you know , new school , no friends and all . '' 
 `` do you want to tell me what happened ? 
 you look really upset . '' 
 he takes a step forward and i step back . 
 it 's always a clumsy dance with us . 
 `` no , it 's nothing . 
 i 'm just not feeling well . '' 
 `` jules said jenna was being a bitch to you . '' 
 beginning to feel cornered , i snap , `` well , jules seems to be ready to spill all kinds of information , does n't she ? '' 
 `` i think she was worried . 
 she heard me ask jenna where you were , '' he says . 
 `` i know jenna comes off a little rough sometimes , but i 'm sure she did n't mean anything by it . '' 
 `` well , do n't worry , '' i say as anger rages under my skin . 
 `` your precious jenna is n't the issue . '' 
 `` tabby , '' he takes another a step forward and grabs my arm . 
 i wiggle out of his grip . 
 `` tell me what 's going on . '' 
 he pulls me to him but i ca n't do this . 
 i do n't want him to touch me . 
 i do n't want him to see me like this . 
 `` let me help , '' he pleads . 
 `` noah , please just leave . '' 
 he does n't move . 
 he just stares at me with hurt slapped across his face . 
 jules pushes her way through the door and nudges noah out and says , `` i 've got this . '' 
 `` okay , '' he shrugs . 
 `` i was just trying to help . '' 
 `` i want to be alone , jules , '' i say , moving to the corner of the room wishing i could disappear . 
 `` i know you do , but i 'm not leaving , '' she says . 
 `` i know this is about more than jenna . 
 i know it 's something serious , i can see it all over you . 
 i 'm sorry , tabby , i do n't want to push . 
 you do n't have to tell me anything if you do n't want to . 
 i just want to stay with you for a while , make sure you 're okay . 
 deal ? '' 
 i nod , torn between keeping everything inside -- like i 've always done -- and taking a chance to finally let someone in . 
 jules grabs a seat next to me on the floor and gives me a hug . 
 that 's all it takes for the storm to come rolling in . 
 my body convulses as it all pours out -- tears and snot and cries of pain . 
 jules squeezes tighter . 
 we brave the storm together until my breathing slows and my head stops spinning . 
 i realize it helps having her near . 
 a real friend . 
 something i do n't think i 've ever really had . 
 `` i 'm here , if or when you want to talk , '' she says . 
 `` well , now you 're scaring me . 
 you sound like my shrink . '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` yeah , i do . 
 i guess it must rub off . 
 i 've spent a lot of time with people in the psychiatry business . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i ask feeling a little less like a freak . 
 `` really . 
 you do n't have to be embarrassed around me . 
 i 've experienced all sorts of crazy . 
 so , did you do inpatient , outpatient , or group ? '' 
 shaky and sick , i take a chance and tell her the truth . 
 `` all of the above . 
 i spent most of the spring in a suicide ward . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she whispers . 
 `` one time ... '' i cough and my throat tightens . 
 i ca n't do it . 
 `` you can talk to me , tabby , '' she says . 
 she puts her hand on my shoulder . 
 it 's warm , calming . 
 i try again . 
 `` one time , after a really bad day , '' i say , trying to steady my voice . 
 `` i totally flipped out . 
 panic attack or something . 
 and i grabbed a bunch of pills . '' 
 deep breath in and out . 
 `` my brother found me in my dorm room after i took the pills , '' i continue . 
 `` my family thought i was trying to kill myself . '' 
 `` were you ? '' 
 jules questions . 
 `` no , '' i snap . 
 `` tabby ? '' 
 her softness returns . 
 `` no , i was n't , '' i lighten my voice a little too much . 
 `` i just needed a break . 
 my life was ... intense at the time and i wanted it all to stop for a while . '' 
 `` do you think the treatment helped ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't remember much . 
 i was pretty out of it . 
 they had me on all kinds of drugs . 
 my dad did n't agree with the program or the drugs . 
 he pulled me out of there in july and brought me to minneapolis . 
 now it 's outpatient once a week . 
 i think it might be helping . 
 i feel better at times . '' 
 `` maybe the real question is : do you want to get better ? '' 
 i do n't answer her . 
 `` what about for noah ? 
 you know , he 's crazy about you . '' 
 `` well , i think i just changed all that . '' 
 the words hurt coming out . 
 `` he 's a good guy , tabby . 
 do n't give up on him yet . 
 but this is n't about him , it 's about you . 
 life is a bitch , but it 's easier when you come at her swinging . '' 
 i ca n't help but laugh . 
 jules has a way with words . 
 `` that would make a good fortune cookie . '' 
 `` how ' bout this one : you ca n't hide in your room , safe within your womb forever . '' 
 `` yeah , nice try . 
 i think that 's from simon and garfunkel ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 i ca n't believe we 're talking about this right now . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm okay enough to talk about this . 
 `` i am a rock , really ? 
 what are you , like eighty or something ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 that is the anthem of the depressed , no matter your age . 
 i touch no one and no one touches me . 
 come on , it does n't get any better . 
 and by the way , you were pretty quick decoding the lyrics , grandma . '' 
 `` yeah , i have my dad to thank for my knowledge of geriatric music . '' 
 `` hey , seriously though . 
 i think i might know of something that could help make you feel better about things . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i brace for the answer . 
 `` well , it 's actually a place . 
 i could take you tomorrow . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 i cringe `` you 'll see . '' 
 `` do i have a choice ? '' 
 `` nope , '' she grins , pulls me up , and looks at her watch . 
 `` come on , let 's pull ourselves together . 
 we still have another class . '' 
 we go to the restroom and fix our faces . 
 in the mirror i look different . 
 taller . 
 stronger . 
 the best part ? 
 somebody is standing next to me in the reflection . 
 jules smiles and links her arm through mine . 
 `` so , are you the rock or island ? '' 
 she asks as we walk out . 
 i play the song in my head : i am a rock , i am an island . 
 `` oh , i am a rock , for sure . '' 
 `` and a rock feels no pain , '' she sings . 
 `` and an island never cries , '' i follow along . 
 chapter 29 my short boost of confidence with jules dissipates when i get to english lit and see noah and jules . 
 professor sands sends us into our groups right away . 
 one word : awkward . 
 noah tries to be all businesslike about our project , but i feel his eyes travel over me , concerned i might fall apart any second . 
 yet he continues talking literary themes and symbolism . 
 he asks me a few questions and begins to structure an outline for our presentation , pretending he did n't see anything out of the ordinary earlier today . 
 i 'm put on quote duty . 
 my job is to pull the best quotes to illustrate the book 's primary themes , as well as poignant moments throughout the novel . 
 in other words , busywork . 
 surprisingly , we make progress and soon it 's time to call it a day . 
 i 'm jumpy as we pack up our things , worried about where exactly jules plans to take me tomorrow and how exactly noah plans to deal with my outburst . 
 i am relieved beyond words when he reaches for my hand as we leave school . 
 i hold on tight . 
 `` i do n't know what to say , tabby , '' noah says when we 're alone . 
 here we go . 
 one step forward , two steps back . 
 `` you do n't have to say anything , noah , '' i say lightly . 
 `` i 'm sorry about freaking out on you and that you had to see my little breakdown . '' 
 `` you do n't have to be sorry . 
 i want you to be able to talk to me . 
 i want to be able to share the good stuff , of course , but the shitty things too . '' 
 `` i do n't think you 'd want to know everything about me . 
 it 's better this way , trust me . '' 
 `` we all have a past , tabby . 
 i 've made my own share of mistakes . '' 
 `` i find that hard to believe , '' i say , thankful to change the subject . 
 `` the way things are with jenna , my obsession with the newspaper , and my very lame social situation . 
 with the exception of you , of course , '' he gives a tiny grin . 
 `` it 's all because of the mistakes i made freshman year . 
 i totally fucked up . '' 
 `` tell me , '' i say trying to help him , the way he 's always helping me . 
 i squeeze his hand and noah starts to talk . 
 `` well , jenna and i were at a house party , '' he begins . 
 i try to keep my mind open , but i 'm already irritated at the sound of her name . 
 `` i partied a lot back then , '' he continues . 
 `` we were with jules and foster that night . '' 
 `` wait , '' i 'm confused . 
 `` you hate foster . '' 
 `` i do n't hate him , i just do n't get him anymore , '' noah says . 
 `` we were actually really close freshman year . '' 
 that 's right . 
 i remember jules telling me something about this . 
 `` anyway , we had jenna 's little brother , ben , with us at the party too , '' noah says , looking down at the street as we walk . 
 `` i was an asshole back then . 
 i wanted to break up with jenna for about a month before i had the balls to do it . 
 i avoided her calls , would only see her if we were in a group . 
 i lied to keep from being alone with her . 
 she was so excited about ben coming to visit , i knew i could break it off until after he left . 
 not to mention she was so stubborn , she would 've fought me on it and i just did n't want to deal with her . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe she would put up with that , '' i tell him . 
 `` it was n't easy , believe me . 
 but when jenna does n't get what she wants , she just tries harder . 
 so i went with them to the party , and about an hour into it , foster and i decided to ditch the girls to go get high . '' 
 he slows down and stuffs our linked hands into his coat pocket . 
 his voice quivers . 
 `` nobody had weed at the party , so we left with some guys to find one of our connections . 
 we just left the girls and ben behind . '' 
 noah stops and lets out a frustrated growl . 
 `` it was so stupid . 
 i was so stupid . '' 
 he releases my hand so we can sit on the curb . 
 `` jenna and jules were too drunk to drive . 
 foster was supposed to be the dd . 
 it was such a dick move leaving them there -- on both our parts . 
 ben volunteered to drive them home . 
 he was n't shitfaced or anything , but he 'd been drinking plenty . '' 
 my stomach tightens , knowing this is not going to end well . 
 `` it was raining to top it all off , '' noah continues . 
 `` jules would n't leave with them . 
 she did n't think it was a good idea . '' 
 it 's not my story to tell , jules once said to me . 
 `` but jenna went with ben , and he took a corner too fast . 
 we pieced the whole thing together after it happened . 
 he apparently yanked the steering wheel back the other way . 
 it was too much ; he overcorrected . 
 they slid off the road . 
 hit a tree . 
 totaled the car . '' 
 `` oh my god , noah , '' i say , not sure i want to hear the rest . 
 `` i know , '' noah says , his voice full of remorse . 
 `` ben was killed that night . '' 
 noah hides his face in his hands . 
 `` oh no , '' i say , feeling my heart break for him . 
 `` ben was a good kid , too . 
 a senior in high school , smart , good-looking . 
 and gone way too early . 
 because of so many mistakes . '' 
 `` it was nobody 's fault , noah . '' 
 `` but it was . 
 we all played a part in it . 
 foster and i never should 've left them . 
 i think we are most to blame . 
 well , i am , anyway . 
 jenna was my girlfriend and i treated her so badly , and her brother paid the ultimate price . 
 but she did n't blame me . '' 
 `` who did she blame ? '' 
 i ask , knowing jenna is n't the forgiving type . 
 `` jules , '' noah answers . 
 `` and foster . '' 
 it was all starting to make sense now . 
 `` that night tore us all apart , tabby , '' he says with glossy eyes . 
 `` jules and foster both tried to comfort jenna , but she would n't have it . 
 she was hurt pretty bad . 
 in the hospital for over a month . 
 i was the only person she let visit . 
 `` after the accident , we all handled things differently . 
 i drank away the pain in private ; foster did , and still does , in public ; and jules went into a pretty deep depression . 
 she really lost both jenna and foster that night . 
 and jenna 's parents ... they blame their daughter for ben 's death . 
 it 's been hell . 
 that 's why i have to be there for jenna . 
 i ca n't let her down again . 
 i just ca n't . '' 
 `` i do n't even know what to say . '' 
 i bring noah 's hand to my lips . 
 `` i 'm just so sorry . 
 for all of you . '' 
 noah stops to look at me . 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 i 've healed and i 've learned from my mistakes . 
 but that 's why i do n't want to make any bad decisions with you , tabby . 
 i 'm worried , but i 'll wait until you 're ready to talk . 
 i wo n't push you . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 it 's the only thing i can think to say to him . 
 when we get to his corner , i give him a hug and he tightens around my body , melting into me . 
 i do n't want him to have this pain , but it feels good to finally be the one to comfort someone else . 
 `` i 'm glad you told me about the accident , noah , '' i say , not letting go . 
 `` and i know it 's selfish , but i 'm so glad you were n't in that car . '' 
 `` i just hope someday you can trust me enough to tell me your story . '' 
 he pulls away to look at my face , before moving in for a kiss . 
 it 's careful and sweet . 
 `` i 'll see you at seven . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i 'm stunned . 
 `` we had plans . 
 do n't you want to keep them ? '' 
 noah asks with disappointment in his voice . 
 `` it 's not that . 
 i ca n't believe you do . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he keeps his hands resting on my shoulders . 
 `` i think this is exactly what we need . '' 
 i 'm so relieved he feels that way but also nervous as fuck . 
 if we continue with our experiment , that means it 's time for touching below the belt . 
 `` now is the perfect time for you to put more trust in me , tabby . '' 
 `` okay , '' i stutter . 
 `` seven it is . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 noah nods , and gives me another sweet kiss . 
 but the way he finishes it this time leaves me breathless . 
 chapter 30 `` take off your clothes , tabitha , '' noah orders shortly after seven o’clock . 
 `` jeez . '' 
 i let out a nervous laugh . 
 `` ever heard of foreplay ? '' 
 `` this is foreplay . '' 
 he smirks . 
 `` okay , just hang on a minute . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 noah charges at me and flips me over his shoulder . 
 `` you 're staying with me , tab . 
 no going away in your head . 
 no time for second-guessing . 
 we 're doing this . '' 
 i slap his back and beg him to put me down . 
 he does n't listen until we hit my bed and i land in a pile of pillows . 
 `` now strip , '' he says playfully . 
 i know what he 's doing . 
 he 's letting me have control to get me comfortable . 
 clever bastard . 
 but it 's what happens after that gives me the jitters . 
 sitting up , i remove my sweater and bra . 
 so much for my sexy underwear . 
 i lean back to work on my jeans , but in a blink , noah is there to intervene . 
 `` allow me . '' 
 he slaps my hands away from my zipper . 
 he has my pants and underwear off in a matter of seconds . 
 i bite my lip in anticipation . 
 `` it 's just touching , tab , '' noah assures me , leaning on his side . 
 i 'm on my back , which means he has full access to my body . 
 `` i wo n't let it go any further . 
 i promise . '' 
 his hands begin the experiment slowly , in the place we left off last time . 
 his fingers trail my collarbone , tickling my skin . 
 i relish in his touch as he places his warm palm on my chest and kisses me , soft and gentle . 
 `` you are so beautiful , '' he whispers in my ear . 
 `` i 'm going to make sure you know just how much by the time we 're through . '' 
 i close my eyes and reach for him , but all i can grab is a fistful of his long-sleeve t-shirt . 
 it does n't feel right . 
 `` will you do one thing for me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 noah stops his exploration . 
 `` anything , '' he says . 
 `` can we at least make the clothing situation equal ? '' 
 i look at him from under my lashes , hoping to work a little of my own magic . 
 his eyes instantly narrow in on me and i feel the heat of his gaze between my thighs . 
 `` you can keep your boxers on , '' i quickly offer . 
 there 's a low growl in his throat , but he takes off his shirt and jeans . 
 and once he moves against me , i ca n't help it . 
 my hands go on their own exploration -- running across his broad shoulders , muscular arms , and his smooth chest . 
 they finally find a resting spot on his abs . 
 noah matches me move for move and does n't make me stop . 
 his tongue plunges into my mouth and we are a tangle of arms and legs as we inhale each other . 
 when noah finally pulls away from me , he wags a finger . 
 `` naughty girl . 
 let 's get back to what we started , shall we ? '' 
 `` but i liked that detour , '' i whine . 
 `` so did i . 
 that 's the problem . 
 now be good . '' 
 noah scoots down the bed , propping himself up on his arms while trailing kisses from my neck , down my chest , to my breasts , currently heaving with excitement . 
 he looks up at me as he slides my nipple into his mouth . 
 my eyes roll back in my head . 
 when i come to , he does the same to my other breast . 
 this time nipping and teasing . 
 his mouth continues to work me over in the most delicious way while his hands begin moving down the length of my body stopping on my hip . 
 he digs his thumb just under my hipbone ; his fingers stretch around to my backside . 
 he squeezes my hip at the exact moment he bites my nipple . 
 i shudder , so close to falling over the edge i can taste it . 
 noah lets out a deep guttural laugh . 
 `` you liked that , huh ? 
 let 's see if i can make you do that again . '' 
 i am gone , without words . 
 noah does n't seem to mind . 
 he slides further down my body and uses his tongue to draw a line down my stomach . 
 my teeth scrape across my lip , digging in deep so i do n't call out . 
 noah makes his way between my legs and they easily part for him . 
 he kisses the inside of my thigh , his tongue wet and warm . 
 `` is this okay ? '' 
 he asks . 
 how do i answer that ? 
 this is the best thing i 've ever felt and i never want it to end . 
 he has won over my body and my mind and i do n't think i 'll ever be the same again . 
 `` it 's amazing , '' i murmur , following with a bunch of incoherent pleas . 
 `` tabby , '' he exhales , and i feel his breath on my most sensitive spot . 
 my hands fist the sheets and i cry out . 
 on reflex , my hips rise to meet him and i feel him moan against my leg . 
 then his mouth finds me . 
 i 'm almost panting as his head begins to move between my legs ; the sight alone is enough shatter me . 
 but when his tongue starts circling that tight bundle of nerves deep inside , i lose all control . 
 i rock into each movement , taking everything he offers . 
 a familiar pulling low in my core builds with each flick of his tongue . 
 his pace is unhurried , until his fingers slide inside , joining in -- stroke for stroke . 
 and when the pressure and intensity of his movements reach a fevered pace ... he flattens his tongue and thrusts his fingers so hard i have to choice but to fall over the edge . 
 i swear i feel the aftershocks for hours . 
 whoever invented sensate focus is a fucking genius . 
 chapter 31 i miss you . 
 noah 's text comes in at two in the morning , less than an hour after he 's left my apartment . 
 it has n't even been an hour , i respond . 
 that 's too fucking long . 
 i miss you , too . 
 i ca n't get the image of you out of my head when you ... you know . 
 oh , god . 
 please do ! 
 i add , mortified . 
 not a chance . 
 you are so fucking sexy . 
 stop ! 
 it is my mission in life to see that look again . 
 my cheeks burn . 
 i 'm actually blushing reading his text . 
 and again , he adds , in another message . 
 i giggle . 
 what this guy does to me . 
 *** noah does n't hide his disappointment when i tell him i have plans with jules the following night . 
 in fact , he demands all my remaining free time over the next week . 
 of course , i comply . 
 jules picks me up in her old boat , a beater really . 
 i smile thinking what mom would 've said if one of my friends picked me up in a car like this in illinois . 
 priceless . 
 jules waves when i meet her in the parking lot and clears a stack of papers off the seat . 
 i open the passenger side door , but it 's a little sticky and it takes me a minute to get in . 
 i shut the door and prepare for the stink of stale cigarettes and the clouds of smoke that usually accompany jules . 
 i 'm pleasantly surprised when all i smell is citrus . 
 must be the lemon air freshener hanging off a knob on the dash . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no smokes ? '' 
 `` god , no , '' she says . 
 `` not in stella . '' 
 she pats the steering wheel . 
 `` funny you care more about stella than your own lungs , '' i tease . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 we can discuss my health later . 
 right now we have more pressing things to discuss . 
 word on the street is you 're getting all hot and heavy with the boss man . 
 i want to hear all about it . '' 
 `` i do n't ' know what you 're talking about . '' 
 i look out the window . 
 `` right , '' she says . 
 `` well just tell me this -- have you done it yet ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' i tell her unable to resist . 
 jules has her sources and her instincts are uncanny . 
 there 's no point in throwing her off the scent . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she 's happy with my answer . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 `` now tell me where we 're going , '' i demand . 
 `` well , '' she says . 
 `` i think it 'll be easier to show you . '' 
 she revs the engine and yells , `` hold on . '' 
 i tell her i do n't like surprises , but she laughs me off before she floors it . 
 the poor beater does n't respond . 
 it jerks us forward and back trying to find a gear it likes before it can accelerate . 
 when it does , i do hold on , gripping the door handle to keep from being tossed into the dashboard . 
 we 're silent the rest of the drive as we race cross the mississippi before finally slowing to a cruise along the mansion-lined streets of summit avenue in st. paul . 
 we pass the governor 's house , weave through quaint little neighborhoods , and go by a bunch of mom-and-pop restaurants until jules pulls in front of a place called mud puddle . 
 i eye the brick building dripping icicle lights . 
 through the windows i see a counter filled with coffee pots and espresso machines and people holding huge blue mugs . 
 `` so a coffee shop is what you were so secretive about ? '' 
 i ask , a little disappointed . 
 i guess i was hoping for a bit more excitement . 
 `` not really , '' she says slowly . 
 `` it 's what 's inside the coffee house . '' 
 getting impatient now , i snap , `` spill it . 
 what 's inside ? '' 
 `` a support group for people with issues , '' jules confesses . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i feel blindsided . 
 she is supposed to be taking my mind off my issues , not exposing them to a bunch of strangers . 
 `` tabby , please trust me , '' she says . 
 there 's that word again . 
 `` this might help . 
 give it a try , that 's all i ask . 
 it 's not your typical group therapy . '' 
 `` did you come here after the accident ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` ah , so he finally told you . 
 i 'm glad . 
 and yes , this place -- the people -- helped a lot . 
 lord knows i could n't talk to jenna . 
 foster was worthless . 
 and noah took her side . '' 
 `` i wish i could 've been there for you , '' i tell her , sad that she was all alone for so long . 
 `` you 're here now . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` so , is anyone from school in this support group ? '' 
 the last thing i need is to start the whole psycho-girl image on campus . 
 `` no , but it would n't matter if there were . 
 what happens inside , stays there . 
 i 'd trust these people with my life . 
 i have the same fears as you do , tabby . 
 i do n't want people from school to know about my problems . 
 but i also know i ca n't always deal with things on my own . '' 
 i hate it , but i know she 's right . 
 `` i thought these meetings were usually held in smelly church basements or community centers , '' i say . 
 `` told ya , this is not your typical group environment . '' 
 she cracks open her car door . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 she does n't deserve an answer after this bait-and-switch . 
 but i do follow her in . 
 jules chats with the barista and orders two lattes . 
 we hang our coats on the pegs in the corner while we 're waiting for the drinks . 
 i scan the room for any group-type people , but do n't find anyone who fits the description . 
 `` two lattes , ms. jules . '' 
 the barista flirts . 
 jules winks at the guy behind the counter and picks up the mugs . 
 she hands one to me and says , `` this way . '' 
 we pass the chairs and couches , and walk down a corridor that takes us to another room . 
 the back room . 
 a guy greets us at the door , says hello to jules and raises his eyebrows to me . 
 `` ptsd , '' jules says , pointing at me . 
 then she grabs my arm and pulls me in . 
 i will kill her . 
 `` what the hell , jules ! '' 
 i say in a whisper shout , not wanting to create more of a scene . 
 my teeth clamp together and my jaw is so tight it begins to pulse . 
 `` calm down , '' she says , with her hands rubbing my shoulders . 
 `` it 's kinda hardcore in here . 
 i had to prove you belong . 
 look around . 
 there are no doctors , shrinks , or professionals of any kind . '' 
 she moves me away from the door as i survey the crowd . 
 i stare at a ghostly white girl in a black dress and penciled in eyebrows . 
 jules whispers , `` hair puller . '' 
 then my eyes move to a super thin guy with a superman belt buckle . 
 `` homeless , '' she says , keeping her voice low so nobody else can hear them . 
 next , i focus on a beautiful girl that could be my stepmother 's daughter , cocoa skin and big brown eyes . 
 `` pill popper . '' 
 a redheaded guy with a mass of freckles . 
 `` bone breaker . 
 not someone to meet on your first day . '' 
 a blonde pixie . 
 `` battered girlfriend . '' 
 a tall jock girl . 
 `` sex addict . '' 
 we continue all the way around the room . 
 the group is divided into three sections . 
 the guys and the pixie huddle around a computer at the far end of the room , talking and pointing at the screen ; a group of girls are on a couch watching tv ; some of the others -- the self-injury sect -- are sitting at a table comparing what looks to be tattoos on their arms . 
 we join the tattoo fashion show . 
 jules introduces me to the two girls , becca and reece , and one guy , morgan , sitting around the table . 
 `` we 've decided to do the butterfly project , '' becca says . 
 `` wan na do it with us , jules ? '' 
 `` explain the rules of that one again , '' jules says . 
 `` it 's pretty cool , '' becca says . 
 `` first , you get a sharpie . '' 
 she waves one in front of us . 
 `` then when you feel like you want to cut , burn , take drugs , whatever your vice , you take that sharpie and draw a butterfly on your arm like this , '' she says showing us her arm . 
 it 's decorated with two blue drawings of butterflies that sit on top of a mass of pink scars . 
 `` you 're supposed to name the butterfly after someone you love or someone who really wants you to get better . 
 then you let it live . 
 you ca n't wash it off ; it has to fade on its own . 
 if you do any bad behavior before it 's gone , you 've killed it . '' 
 `` ooooooh , '' morgan interrupts but everyone ignores him . 
 `` if you do n't , it lives , '' becca goes on . 
 `` but if you have a bunch of butterflies , any bad act will kill all of them at once . '' 
 `` massacre ! '' 
 morgan shouts . 
 `` what do you guys think ? '' 
 becca asks looking hopeful . 
 `` i 'm in , '' reece says . 
 `` lame , '' morgan sings . 
 `` stop being such an asshole , morgan , '' jules says . 
 `` this is a no judgment zone . 
 what could it hurt ? '' 
 morgan shrugs . 
 `` okay , i 'm in , '' jules says . 
 `` but instead of a butterfly , can i draw a dragonfly ? '' 
 `` that 's the beauty , '' becca says . 
 `` you can draw whatever you want . '' 
 jules pulls up her sleeve and gets to work with the sharpie and that 's when i see her burns . 
 i feel like the wind just got knocked out of me as i stare at her arm . 
 `` my coping mechanism , '' she answers my silent question . 
 `` we all have our secrets , tabby . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 my heart hurts for her , but i understand . 
 yes , we do all have our secrets . 
 `` what about a piece of cheese ? '' 
 morgan asks . 
 `` then when i cut , i 'll be cutting the cheese . '' 
 he laughs at his own stupid joke . 
 he 's the only one . 
 i do n't understand how he can be so nonchalant about the whole thing . 
 then again , it 's a little refreshing in an odd , deranged sort of way . 
 `` go ahead and make fun , morg , '' reece says . 
 `` but this has worked for thousands of people , and it 's better than snapping those stupid bracelets all day . 
 they do nothing but itch and trigger . 
 some of my worst times have been coming off those damn things . '' 
 `` i 'm just not sure i want to stop , '' morgan says . 
 `` i was on this pro-si site the other day , and they really had some good points , like -- '' `` wait a minute , '' becca jumps in . 
 `` pro-si , like the pro-ana , pro-mia sites ? 
 as in , pro self-injury ? '' 
 `` kinda , '' he says . 
 `` but listen , it 's not about competing with each other like those pro-ana freaks . '' 
 `` do you realize you 're being a total hypocrite right now ? '' 
 becca asks . 
 `` the whole reason we 're here is to support and not judge other people 's shit . '' 
 `` hold up . 
 you are the one who jumped on my shit when i mentioned a pro-si site . '' 
 morgan gets in becca 's face and they continue to argue . 
 jules looks over to the tall redheaded guy for assistance . 
 they make eye contact and she waves him over . 
 `` guys , what 's the problem ? '' 
 the redhead says , walking over to our table . 
 `` this is getting a little heated , would n't you say ? 
 do n't make me go all ` kumbaya ' on your asses . '' 
 he looks at morgan and becca and tilts his head to the corner of the room ; the three of them move away from the rest of us and talk it out . 
 i continue to watch , soaking it all in . 
 jules was n't kidding . 
 this was not your typical group . 
 `` well , i think that 's good for your first time , '' jules says after we mingle awhile . 
 `` my whole point in bringing you here is so you know that you 're not alone . 
 and if you want to get better , you need to have a safe place to go , people you can confide in . 
 at least that 's how it is for me . '' 
 `` i 'm glad i came , '' i say , truly meaning it . 
 `` ready to go ? '' 
 `` just one second , '' i tell her . 
 i walk over to becca . 
 `` i 'd like to do the butterfly project too , '' i say . 
 `` yay . '' 
 she claps . 
 `` welcome to our little dysfunctional group , tabby . '' 
 *** i thank jules when she drops me off . 
 i think she was right , i think this group could help me . 
 all those broken people are bound to make a whole . 
 and i think i 'd like to be part of it . 
 when i get to my door , i 'm greeted by a small gift bag that hangs from the knob . 
 i snatch it and look inside . 
 there i find microwave popcorn , candy , and a dvd of dirty dancing . 
 noah . 
 i hold the dvd to my chest and close my eyes . 
 `` this guy deserves a medal , '' i whisper . 
 i flip my keys , wanting nothing more than to get inside and settle in to my favorite movie , when my favorite voice buzzes in my ear . 
 `` i do n't think i need a medal , '' noah whispers . 
 `` but i know of many other ways you could show your appreciation . '' 
 i turn to him , lingering in his warm gaze . 
 `` anything , '' i say . 
 `` just name it . '' 
 `` better watch it . '' 
 noah grins . 
 `` or there will be no movie for you . '' 
 i drag noah inside and he busies himself with making popcorn while i set up the movie . 
 then he cuddles in beside me on the couch , placing the popcorn and candy in my lap . 
 it 's curious . 
 `` how did you know i love mike and ikes ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` from that first night , '' he smiles , his eyes glossy , as if lost in the memory . 
 `` when i made you tea . 
 there were like three empty boxes of them in the trash . '' 
 oh , this man . 
 this beautiful , thoughtful , relentless , amazing man . 
 we watch the movie , eat popcorn and candy , and noah patiently waits for the `` nobody puts baby in the corner '' scene . 
 too bad we never make it to the end of the movie . 
 chapter 32 after my trip with jules to the coffee shop of the down and out , i spend some time thinking about my own ptsd -- it 's been a long road of being scared shitless , major depression , triggers at every turn , and completely mental behavior . 
 i have to be getting to recovery soon . 
 i do n't think i 'm completely there yet , but i feel close . 
 i feel the tear in my heart starting to scab over and heal . 
 and though noah is a big part of that recovery , dad is the one truly responsible . 
 the day dad pulled me out of new beginnings was the day he saved my life . 
 `` tabitha , honey , i 'm here , '' dad said that day . 
 his voice cracked and something inside me broke . 
 we were sitting in my room at new beginnings , my own little cocoon . 
 i wanted so badly to reach out and tell him it was going to be okay . 
 i just could n't . 
 i do n't know if it was my brain or my body , but physically , mentally , i could n't . 
 i was floating . 
 in a fog . 
 it almost felt good , almost like my world did n't come crashing down a few months before . 
 dad 's hand covered mine , but i could n't squeeze it . 
 i looked at him , but did n't quite reach him with my eyes . 
 he talked to me in his gentle voice . 
 `` tab , you should really move your chair to the window , '' he said . 
 `` the gardens outside are in full bloom now . '' 
 he moved to the ledge . 
 `` let 's open the window ; i bet we can smell the flowers . 
 it 'd be good to get some fresh air in here . '' 
 he tried opening it before he noticed the bolts . 
 for a minute , he forgot . 
 this was n't a hotel . 
 it was the suicide ward for god 's sake , and there was no way they 'd overlook the possibility of someone jumping out a window to finish the job . 
 `` okay , i have a better idea , '' he said , completely struggling . 
 the worry in his eyes slowly built to anger . 
 `` let 's go for a walk . '' 
 he no longer waited for a response from me . 
 instead , he grabbed my hands and pulled me to a standing position . 
 the force upright gave me a rush . 
 my knees buckled and soon i was sinking back into my chair . 
 `` goddammit , '' dad said under his breath before he left . 
 and i remember thinking , another one bites the dust . 
 then i heard him . 
 `` i want a complete list of the drugs she 's on and the schedule of when they 're administered , '' dad yelled . 
 he was back . 
 he did n't leave . 
 he was still there , screaming in the hall . 
 odd . 
 dad never raised his voice . 
 the only other time i 've ever heard a rise in his octave was when he found out about the scandal last year . 
 outside my door i heard mumbles and shuffling , and then silence . 
 i was fascinated by the change in events , but i could n't stay awake . 
 i closed my eyes and floated , waking on and off . 
 dad was still there . 
 i heard his voice . 
 it was comforting . 
 then i heard mom 's too . 
 `` rach , what kind of backwards ass place is this ? '' 
 dad asked accusingly . 
 `` new beginnings came highly recommended , '' mom said . 
 `` we needed a place where she could have her privacy . 
 there were n't a lot of options . '' 
 `` privacy for her or for you ? '' 
 `` that 's not fair , jake . 
 you have no idea what it 's been like . '' 
 `` maybe not , but this is n't working . 
 she 's so drugged up she ca n't even stand . 
 the windows are bolted shut ; she does n't get any fresh air . 
 she 's not healing , rach . 
 she 's slipping further away from us . '' 
 `` well , what 's your bright idea ? 
 because i am out of options . 
 i do n't know what to do anymore . '' 
 mom 's voice was shaking . 
 `` everything i do is wrong . 
 i 've screwed her up so bad . 
 i -- '' my eyes started to get heavy again . 
 i wanted so badly to stay awake . 
 `` i 'm not blaming you , rachel , '' dad 's voice was kind again . 
 `` we just have to get tabby out of here . 
 i want to bring her home with me . '' 
 the fog was too much to take , it swept in and pulled me under . 
 when i woke , a warm breeze washed over my face . 
 i heard the squirrels running up trees . 
 leaves rustling . 
 birds talking . 
 cars moving . 
 and the wheels of my chair squeaking as they rolled over the pavement . 
 i opened my eyes to a fuzzy rainbow imbedded in a sunray . 
 i closed them immediately . 
 it was bright and loud and real . 
 i was n't floating anymore and i did n't like it . 
 the ache came back so quickly and with so much force that it took my breath away . 
 `` stop , '' i tried to yell , but it came out all wrong . 
 there was no force behind my word -- the first one i uttered in a month . 
 my voice was rough . 
 my throat was on fire . 
 i ignored the heat and tried again . 
 `` stop , i have to go back , '' i said . 
 dad bent down in front of me . 
 he held my hands . 
 kissed my cheeks . 
 i looked at him . 
 really looked at him , without the fog . 
 the pain was back in his eyes . 
 i struggled , trying to get out of the chair . 
 trying to get back to safety . 
 i was too weak . 
 pain ripped through my body and landed in my heart . 
 pain i had n't felt in months . 
 i could n't bear it . 
 `` honey , it 's the drugs , '' dad said . 
 `` it 's going to get better after we get everything out of your system , but it 's going to take a few days . '' 
 he helped me into the car and buckled my seat belt . 
 `` amy 's putting your room together right now and getting everything you 'll need . 
 mom brought a lot of your stuff from home . 
 she does n't want to be away from you , tab , but she knows this is best . 
 she 'll visit as often as she can . '' 
 i was shivering and could n't stop . 
 it was 85 degrees and i could n't get warm . 
 dad grabbed an old coat from the back seat and tucked it around me . 
 he held a water bottle to my lips and told me to drink . 
 that i could do , i knew how to follow directions . 
 i had a hard time comprehending his words . 
 i could n't follow . 
 it was the most i had to think in months . 
 the most i had to feel . 
 i focused on breathing and worked through the pain . 
 it hurt . 
 it hurt so bad i was sure i would n't make the drive . 
 dad jumped into the driver 's seat and pulled out of the parking lot . 
 and i threw up . 
 chapter 33 today 's calendar says thanksgiving is only five days away , which means the visit from my mother is only five days away . 
 more importantly , it means i have to spend five days without noah . 
 he left to pennsylvania to spend time with his older brother -- no doubt an important priority after watching jenna lose hers . 
 noah and i have spent almost every free moment together over the past two weeks . 
 we have yet to make it to the final phase of our sensate focus experiment , but we 've pretty much mastered phase two , and i feel closer to him than i have ever felt with anyone . 
 we plan to continue our experiments when he returns . 
 my body tingles at the thought . 
 more than anything , i want to get my hands on him and give him the same pleasure he 's given me . 
 i never knew it could feel this way or be so consuming -- i ca n't get his gorgeous face or that perfectly toned body out of my mind . 
 the way his strong hands feel on my skin , or the way his mouth makes my body ache ... i 've got to get ahold of myself , noah 's turning me into a sex-craved psycho and we have n't even done it yet . 
 thankfully , there 's still a lot to do before the holiday to keep my mind busy . 
 less than a week away , i need to help amy shop , try to drop a few pounds , and omg , look at my rat 's nest . 
 my mom would lose her shit if she knew about my lack of personal grooming since i moved away . 
 instead of using the flatiron , i slick all my hair back into a ponytail , and then immediately schedule a hair appointment . 
 the kind receptionist is able to get me in this afternoon . 
 the salon , a recommendation from amy , is only a few blocks away , so i walk to my appointment . 
 the place is easy to find . 
 in front of the door is a purple awning with the word foiled splashed across it in faux graffiti . 
 i step inside to the familiar smells of shampoo and hair chemicals , and check in at the desk . 
 the salon is small , with only four chairs , but it is packed and alive with the most eclectic group of people i 've ever seen in one place . 
 rita , a twenty-something pierced goddess , shows me to the second chair . 
 on my right , a grandma is having her weekly shampoo and style , and on my left is a girl getting a dye job to match her fuchsia eye shadow . 
 i ca n't see who is in the last seat because four waify guys are huddled around the chair that seems to be the source of the stream of profanity ringing in my ears . 
 apparently it 's a guy having something waxed . 
 `` so , chica , '' rita says , digging her fingers into my hair . 
 `` what are we doing today ? '' 
 `` well , '' i start talking to rita 's reflection in the framed mirror . 
 `` it needs to be cleaned up for sure . 
 maybe take it up an inch and do a conditioning treatment . 
 and an eyebrow wax ? '' 
 `` can do , hon , '' she says and proceeds to pile a load of trashy magazines on my lap . 
 `` quality reading here . 
 enjoy . '' 
 i do . 
 on the way home , i stop by a little boutique . 
 i want to pick up something nice to wear for the holiday . 
 mom will notice . 
 it 's been so long since we 've really gotten along , i just want it to be normal between us . 
 if i can look and act like i 'm getting better , maybe we 'll be better . 
 i settle on a pale blue sweater . 
 mom 's favorite color . 
 *** over the next five days , i 'm incredibly lonely . 
 not only is noah gone , but jules is in homework hell . 
 to pass the time , i work out like a mad woman and mess with my hair -- and everything at dad and amy 's house -- to make sure it 's perfect for my mom . 
 i spend thanksgiving eve at dad 's , and by the time the big day arrives , i 'm feeling pretty good . 
 my phone goes off at nine a.m. and i 'm still in bed . 
 my bed is so warm , i hate to leave it , but it could be noah so i snap to it , throw a sweatshirt over my pjs , and pick up my phone on the dresser by the third ring . 
 `` hello , '' i answer before clearing my throat . 
 `` whoa , lady , settle down . 
 it 's just me . '' 
 jules . 
 `` no need to go all sultry and sexy on me so early in the a.m. '' she giggles . 
 `` you thought it was noah , did n't you , you little minx ? '' 
 my body shakes in laughter ; i have to admit she 's pretty cute . 
 `` boy , we sure are spunky this morning . '' 
 `` but of course . 
 i 'm getting ready for precious family time . 
 not to mention , i get my eat-on in just a few hours . 
 what about you ? 
 what time does mommy dearest arrive ? 
 dum , dum , dummmmmm . '' 
 `` noon , i guess . 
 i 've been trying not to think about it . '' 
 `` well , keep me updated . 
 if you need anything , call . 
 moral support , a kick in the ass , you name it . 
 i 'm your girl . 
 plus , i 'll need the reprieve . '' 
 `` will do . '' 
 `` okay , i 'm off . 
 aunt bee will be here shortly with her three perfect children . 
 ca n't wait . 
 good luck today . '' 
 `` you , too . 
 happy thanksgiving , jules . '' 
 `` gobble , gobble , '' she clucks before hanging up . 
 her pep talk works and i 'm in good spirits when i head toward the shower . 
 after my little workout session last night , i smell something fierce . 
 the phone rings again before i make it to my bathroom so i backpedal . 
 i 'm sure jules just forgot a parting smart-ass comment . 
 `` yeeessss , '' i answer in a low voice . 
 `` tabitha ? '' 
 oh god . 
 it 's mom . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 `` oh honey , i have some bad news . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 my stomach drops and my brain goes into the `` who 's died '' mode . 
 `` we ca n't make it out today . 
 stephen has been called into an early board meeting first thing tomorrow , and there 's no way we can make it there and back in twenty-four hours without killing ourselves . '' 
 silence . 
 `` honey ? '' 
 while i try to process what she 's just told me , i end up having a rather steaming conversation with her in my head . 
 it goes something like this : me : yes , heaven forbid you get less than eight hours of sleep , or come by yourself to visit your only daughter , who by the way , you have n't seen in months . 
 mom : oh honey , come on now , let 's not be so melodramatic . 
 you know i 'd be there if i could . 
 me : no . 
 no , mom , i really do n't . 
 mom : tabitha ! 
 back in the real world , the convo is more like this : `` okay , mom . '' 
 i pretend to be totally uninterested . 
 `` will you give my apologies to your father and amy ? '' 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 then i only half-listen when she goes on about stephen 's business , important work , and bad timing . 
 she moves on and mentions we 'll have to do christmas , like she 's talking to one of her friends -- the other desperate housewives . 
 they 're always doing something . 
 let 's do lunch , or do brunch , or do coffee . 
 i say it 's time to do some parenting ? 
 how ' bout that ? 
 i know i was dreading her visit , but i guess part of me really wanted to see her . 
 in some strange way , i was happy she was coming all the way to see me . 
 in some way , i miss her . 
 terribly . 
 i 'm not sure how long i stand in the hallway . 
 i 'm frozen , staring into space until amy comes up . 
 `` tabby , '' she commands . 
 `` tabby ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 her eyes furrow . 
 now she 's going into the `` who 's died '' mode . 
 `` oh nothing , '' i start to shake it off . 
 `` it was mom . 
 she ca n't make it . 
 something about stephen 's work , blah , blah , blah . '' 
 `` goddammit , '' amy spits . 
 i walk toward the shower , but amy stops me . 
 she pulls me into a hug and gives me no choice but to take it . 
 she knows there 's more behind my words . 
 she . 
 just . 
 knows . 
 i let myself go in her arms and hang on . 
 and despite everything , amy makes sure the three of us have a nice thanksgiving . 
 we really do . 
 i could n't ask for better parents than her and my dad . 
 still , when i get to my apartment , i throw my new sweater into the trash . 
 chapter 34 the next morning , i vow not to let mom bring me down . 
 instead , i put on my leggings , sports bra , and wrap under my jacket . 
 i eat half a granola bar for energy and grab my bag of slippers and ipod before heading out to the center for the arts . 
 i 've decided that just because i 'm not studying dance anymore does n't mean i have to become a lazy pile . 
 plus , on the off chance i want to go to tryouts next month , i need to get myself in serious shape . 
 the little workouts in my living room are not enough . 
 i find an open room at the center and easily fall into a groove . 
 i listen to my music and focus on my breathing at the barre . 
 a real ballet barre . 
 i have n't had the privilege of working out on one of these babies for months . 
 i want to kiss it . 
 after warm up , i start with chaines turns across the floor . 
 i stumble at first , but quickly recover . 
 i keep moving , listening to my music , and focusing on spotting as i move . 
 soon i 'm gliding around the entire space . 
 how i 've missed it . 
 *** by the end of the long thanksgiving weekend , my stamina improves . 
 i can already notice the pep in my step -- i have more energy and i 'm sleeping better . 
 i 've even been able to blow off mom 's emails without getting all weepy . 
 i 'm totally committed to my new morning routine , and by the time i have to go back to class , i jump out of bed actually excited to hit the floor . 
 today , though , i do n't focus on the music or my breathing . 
 i focus on my english lit presentation i have to give with noah today . 
 how will i concentrate on class when i have n't seen him -- or touched him , or tasted him -- since before the holiday ? 
 obviously , we 've talked a few times and shared a few inappropriate texts , but who knows if i 'll be able to control myself when i see him . 
 his flight does n't get in until late this morning , but he promised he 'd be back in time . 
 at class , i wait patiently , watching the door . 
 noah is the last to walk in . 
 he smiles and hurries over . 
 once he gets to my desk , he gives me a little squeeze on the shoulder and whispers in my ear , `` you 're going to be great , do n't worry . '' 
 i 'm so grateful he keeps his comments focused on our project , because i do n't think i could handle it if he said much more . 
 noah gets up and gives me a little shove . 
 we stand before the class . 
 my mouth waters and i keep swallowing like i 'm chugging a nonexistent post-rehearsal gatorade . 
 noah looks over , gives me a wink , and launches into his spiel . 
 `` my first time reading this book , i totally agreed with the protagonist , bryon , '' noah says after giving a short synopsis of the novel . 
 `` i thought he was justified in what he did , but after reading it again ... okay , for like the tenth time to tell the truth , i 'm not sure . '' 
 we swap the spotlight . 
 back and forth . 
 we make points about what we learned from the novel . 
 we talk about the part drugs played in the story , as well as economics and gang violence . 
 we discuss how a big piece of the book is about taking responsibility for your actions and making hard choices . 
 after about four minutes , it 's time for my big finish . 
 noah gives me a nod . 
 `` in the end , after reading this book again , our reactions were so different than they were the first time , '' i say without stumbling over my words . 
 big surprise . 
 `` we think that , maybe , we were both a little cold to these characters the first time around . 
 it was black and white . 
 what mark did was wrong ; he was selling drugs and may have been responsible for ruining a little kid 's life . 
 he deserved what he got . 
 but after we read the story again , we could sympathize with mark . 
 and because we 've grown up a little more since the first time read it , we now realize that things are n't always black and white . 
 sometimes there 's not the right choice , there 's just a better choice . 
 for each person . '' 
 of course by the end of my spiel , i 'm not sure i 'm talking about the book anymore . 
 professor sands nods at both of us , stands , and claps . 
 the weight has lifted from my shoulders and i 'm almost giddy . 
 after class , i wait for noah . 
 i 'm dying to get him back to my apartment where i can have him all to myself , but he has to stop at the paper first . 
 his hand slides in mine as he gives me a wicked grin . 
 `` before we go , i need to ask you something . '' 
 i look back and see something devilish in his eyes . 
 i 'm so in trouble . 
 chapter 35 after our presentation , noah tells me he thinks it 's time we move on with our experiment . 
 and before i know it , he 's scheduled it for tonight . 
 at seven p.m. , we begin stage four . 
 s.e.x. . 
 as the clock ticks toward seven , i get more nervous with each passing second . 
 i spend those ticking seconds going through my pathetic wardrobe and trying on a few outfits before settling on jeans and a blue sweater -- the one jules dug out of the garbage . 
 the one i bought to impress mom but threw out to make myself feel better after she ruined our thanksgiving . 
 hope it 's not covered in bad juju . 
 there 's a knock on the door at exactly seven . 
 when i open it , noah sweeps me up in his arms . 
 `` god , i 've missed you , '' he whispers in my ear . 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 i take his bottom lip in mine , no longer able to contain myself . 
 after i attack his mouth , and noah indulges , he pulls back . 
 `` i 'm sorry your mom did n't show for thanksgiving . '' 
 he kisses my forehead . 
 `` it 's okay , not that big of a surprise . '' 
 i know noah wants me to open up to him about this , but i do n't want my mother to ruin this moment . 
 `` we still had a nice time , '' i tell him . 
 `` but i missed you so much . 
 i do n't want to waste another second . 
 let 's get started . 
 where do you want me ? '' 
 noah holds me by the waist . 
 `` baby , i want nothing more than to get my hands on you . 
 but i 've been thinking . 
 i want to stop the experiments . 
 let 's let this happen naturally . 
 when i make love to you the first time i want to know it 's because you want to , not because of a stupid experiment . '' 
 `` it 's not stupid , '' i say a little put off . 
 `` this has helped me more than you 'll ever know . 
 to be able to be with you this way . 
 to trust you with my body , my heart . 
 i never thought i 'd have this again . 
 it means everything to me . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 noah swallows and pulls his eyebrows together . 
 `` i want to give you everything , tabby . 
 i want to take you out , feed you , romance you . 
 i want you to have it all . '' 
 `` so , you 're saying you want to date ? '' 
 `` that 's exactly what i 'm saying . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` okay ? '' 
 `` sure , i can do normal . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` at least for a night . '' 
 noah 's face lights up at that , brighter than i 've ever seen it . 
 and within five minutes , we 're on a date . 
 driving downtown , noah maneuvers along the one-ways like a pro . 
 we park at the library and he slings a backpack over his shoulder and takes my hand , leading me to nicollet mall -- though it 's not really a mall , it 's a mile-long pedestrian thoroughfare flanked by stores and restaurants . 
 dad used to take me shopping here when i was a kid , and of course , to the parade . 
 that 's right , the christmas parade . 
 i remember watching it from dad 's shoulders when i was little . 
 then he 'd take me for a fancy hot cocoa at this cool art deco restaurant . 
 it was one of the best things about christmas . 
 noah scouts out the perfect spot and pulls a blanket out of his backpack . 
 yay ! 
 we 're staying for the parade . 
 i ca n't hide my smile . 
 this is perfection . 
 noah lays the blanket on the sidewalk and pulls out another to cover us after we sit . 
 then he takes out a thermos of hot cocoa and christmas cookies -- or should i say hanukkah cookies ? 
 they 're in the shapes of the star of david , menorahs , and dreidels , and covered in blue icing . 
 best . 
 date . 
 ever . 
 high school bands playing holiday tunes march by us , while people covered in christmas lights dance along the street . 
 they 're dressed up like snowmen and stars and storybook characters . 
 i scream when the big bad wolf jumps out at me from behind a float . 
 noah laughs and pulls me in tight . 
 `` see , '' he says in my ear . 
 `` we 're good at this . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i agree `` we are . '' 
 i lean into him and the rest of the world falls away . 
 too soon , the last float rolls past us -- the one with santa waving and the elves throwing candy canes -- and the parade-goers fight to get to their cars . 
 but noah and i just sit . 
 we 're in no hurry . 
 he wraps his arms around me and i snuggle in . 
 we do n't even need the mistletoe . 
 chapter 36 at my apartment , the nerves start to kick in . 
 but it 's no longer just nerves , it 's excitement and joy and just plain old horniness that this incredibly sexy piece of ass is going to take me to bed in less than five minutes . 
 i make preparations with candles and music . 
 noah is on my heels . 
 he reaches for my hands . 
 `` i have just one request . '' 
 `` oh , taking requests are we ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` i might have a few of my own . '' 
 `` i want you to tell me the moment you feel scared , worried , or uncomfortable , '' he says , taking a seat on the bed . 
 `` and i want to spend the night . '' 
 `` that 's two requests , '' i chirp . 
 okay , maybe it is nerves i 'm feeling . 
 `` the last thing was n't a request , '' he says . 
 `` it 's a demand . 
 i 'm not leaving you tonight . '' 
 noah sets his jaw in that bossy way of his . 
 `` now take off your clothes , tabitha . '' 
 i do n't even think about it , i just do as he asks . 
 `` slower , '' he says once i 'm standing before him in my lace bra and panties . 
 finally , my sexy underwear gets some play . 
 i take a deep breath and move to noah so he can finish the job -- remembering he is not taking control from me . 
 i am giving it to him . 
 i can stop it at any time . 
 noah changes places with me so i 'm sitting on the edge of the bed and he 's on his knees in front of me . 
 he kisses my eyelids before unclasping my bra and sliding it off at an excruciating slow pace . 
 he stares at me for a long time , his eyes flowing over my body . 
 a trail of heat is left in their wake and i feel moisture pooling between my legs . 
 `` you are so beautiful . '' 
 noah wraps his arms around my waist and plants butterfly kisses across my chest . 
 i stroke the side of his face and take his hands , guiding him on the bed . 
 `` so are you , '' i whisper . 
 i plunder his mouth so hard i 'm sure we 'll both have bruises . 
 i pour my soul into the kiss and hand over my heart . 
 truthfully , it 's been his for a long time now . 
 noah pulls off his shirt and my hands immediately gravitate to his chest , feeling my way around his amazing body . 
 `` there , we 're even again . '' 
 he says as he slips off his jeans . 
 `` but not for long . '' 
 once again , he moves between my legs . 
 my mouth is dry with anticipation . 
 i want him . 
 badly . 
 there is no fear in this moment . 
 just want . 
 his hands tuck under me , cupping my bottom , and he slowly drags off my panties . 
 his fingers trail behind , sparking fire on my skin . 
 `` god , tabby . '' 
 he bites the inside of my thigh with a groan . 
 `` if you could see how fucking sexy you look right now . '' 
 he does n't wait for a response and when i look back down all i see is the back of his head between my legs . 
 then i feel him . 
 his tongue teases me , brushing against my swollen skin . 
 when he flicks it deeper inside , my hips buck up to meet him . 
 i 'm no longer in control , but i do n't care . 
 i ca n't think of anything other than the throbbing between my legs . 
 `` noah , '' i gasp . 
 he pushes my legs farther apart and thrusts his tongue deeper inside . 
 his hands travel up my body where he kneads my breast . 
 i feel ... beautiful and adored for maybe the first time in my life . 
 my hands grip his hair , but his head keeps moving . 
 i slide my hands down to his face , his cheeks , his jaw . 
 i can feel what he 's doing to me and the sensation is indescribable . 
 the ache inside grows with each thrust of his tongue . 
 `` noah , come here , '' i beg . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 he stops the tortuous movement with his mouth and replaces it with his fingers , and then climbs up my body to meet me . 
 `` this time , tab , you need to tell me what you want . '' 
 his voice is rough and his breathing is heavy before he claims my mouth . 
 `` tell me , '' he says again , breaking the kiss . 
 `` i want you , '' i tell him , trying not to be self-conscious . 
 i reach in his boxer-briefs and feel his length for the first time without all the rules of our experiment . 
 power streams through me and i 'm almost high on it . 
 i tighten my grip and he is so thick and hard , responding to my every touch . 
 he moans and chills run up and down my body . 
 i feel power both giving and taking control . 
 now , however , it 's time to take . 
 `` i want this , '' i say , stroking him slowly . 
 then i move fast , ripping off his boxers to take him in my mouth in one swift motion . 
 `` christ , '' noah spits , and i know he 's mine to do with as i want . 
 `` shit , tabby , say it , please . 
 tell me what you want me to do to you . '' 
 i ignore him for a minute , enjoying my claim over his body . 
 when i stop , i crawl up his chest and say in his ear , `` i want you to take what 's yours . '' 
 noah happily obliges . 
 he sits up , bringing me with him as he captures my breast in his mouth and gently tugs on the other . 
 i let him feast on me until i ca n't take it another second . 
 `` please , noah , '' i say . 
 `` i want you inside me . '' 
 i pull his hair , a little harder than i mean to . 
 `` now , '' i gasp . 
 `` that 's all i needed to hear , '' noah says , flipping me to my back . 
 he slides my legs apart and they fall open for him . 
 at this point , i have no shame . 
 his hips grind into mine as he makes his way inside . 
 `` tabby , you are so ready for me . '' 
 his voice is rough as he pushes in deep . 
 i hold my breath , acclimating my body to noah 's . 
 `` god , you feel so good . '' 
 he opens his eyes and looks at me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i nod . 
 i am so much more than okay . 
 `` move with me , '' he commands , rocking slowly . 
 i keep pace with him and it is pure ecstasy . 
 with each movement , we give and take , claiming each other . 
 the sensation has me climbing again , and i 'm needy with want . 
 then noah bites my earlobe and whispers , `` come for me , tabby . '' 
 and i 'm done . 
 i come apart all around him , clenching as he continues to move inside me . 
 i scream his name . 
 and that 's all it takes for noah to fall with me . 
 chapter 37 to say my life is bliss would be a gross misrepresentation . 
 it is bliss to the nth degree times infinity . 
 i am in love -- with a sexy , smart , kind , amazing guy , and somehow he finds me worth all the trouble . 
 i also have jules and foster and my group of misfits . 
 and i have dad , amy , and michael . 
 and though i may still have issues with mom and have noah 's pesky ex to deal with from time to time , my cup runneth over . 
 i 'm thinking about all of this on the friday before christmas break while i 'm in my shrink 's cozy office . 
 yes , this is the yin and yang of my life . 
 dr. payne has a fireplace roaring and i feel like i could fall asleep . 
 `` so you 're going to see your mom over the holiday ? '' 
 never one to mince words , she gets right to it and brings me back to reality . 
 `` how long has it been since her last visit ? '' 
 `` about four months ago , '' i say . 
 `` she has n't come to see me since school started . '' 
 `` and how do you feel about that ? '' 
 sometimes i wanted to tell dr. payne where she could stick all of her questions . 
 they were so ridiculous . 
 i did n't understand why she could n't be straight with me and just ask what was on her mind . 
 `` it feels pretty shitty , that 's how it feels , '' i tell her . 
 then i proceed to explain why -- and how -- my mother continues to let me down . 
 from the moment she found out about thomas ' party , to sticking me in new beginnings , to thanksgiving . 
 our conversation goes on for quite some time . 
 when i 'm finished , i brace for the reprimand . 
 she does n't give me one . 
 instead , she asks , `` do you think your mother is afraid , tabby ? '' 
 `` afraid ? 
 i highly doubt it . 
 what could she possibly be afraid of ? '' 
 `` maybe she 's afraid of failing or disappointing you , '' dr. payne says . 
 `` maybe she takes some of the blame for what happened last year . 
 why do n't you tell me about the conversations you 've had about your assault , the fallout , your depression ? '' 
 too tired to fight , i take a breath and get ready to spill . 
 her question was a good one . 
 mom and i talked around all of those things . 
 she sat at my bed a few times and brought me soup . 
 of course , she 'd say it 's going to be okay and we 're going to get through this about a thousand times a day , but that was the extent of it . 
 `` i do n't think we really did talk about it , '' i finally answer . 
 `` never ? '' 
 `` nope , not really . '' 
 i tell her . 
 we talk about that for a bit , not getting any closer to understanding any of it , and soon we 're out of time . 
 thank god . 
 i 'm exhausted . 
 i feel like i 've been run over by a truck . 
 i want nothing more than sleep , but i still have a full day ahead of me . 
 the day stretches on forever until my class with noah . 
 i 'm completely consumed by my shrink session and the fact that amy invited my mom and stephen to christmas -- a horrifying thing to think about , especially after the thanksgiving fiasco . 
 once i 'm settled in class , i take out my book and try not to dwell on any of it since i have only a few precious days of peace left in my immediate future . 
 and the moment noah walks in , it 's easy to do . 
 his eyes find mine and all thoughts of christmas and my morning therapy session disappear . 
 noah stops at my desk and gently touches my hand as he turns the book over . 
 it 's a book of poetry by maya angelou . 
 `` good choice , '' he says before taking his seat . 
 i fight the impulse to get up and jump into his lap . 
 `` okay , guys , settle in , '' professor sands interrupts . 
 `` i know everyone is dreaming of holiday gifts , pigging out , and sleeping in , but let 's try to finish class on a productive note . 
 as i mentioned earlier in the week , your job today is to find a piece of writing that best describes where you are in life at this moment . 
 do n't be shy , nobody will read your essays but me . 
 and as long as you put some thought into it and those thoughts are authentic , i promise you 'll all do well . 
 so let 's get to work . 
 pick a few of your favorites because we 'll be doing some exercises before the big essay is due . '' 
 it 's hard to concentrate with noah behind me , but as i read maya angelou 's poetry i become engrossed . 
 a few times tears threaten to spill down my face . 
 they do n't . 
 i am in control . 
 but it 's like she 's talking right to me and i feel good reading the words . 
 they make music in my head and wrap around my heart in a warm embrace . 
 after class , i pull out a box from my backpack . 
 hanukkah does n't start until sunday , but i want to give noah his gift on our walk home , before he leaves for boston to visit his grandparents . 
 i hope it 's not too much , but i found a first edition of the catcher in the rye . 
 when it 's time to go , noah holds up a finger signaling me to wait while he passes me to get to jenna . 
 my heart breaks a little . 
 most days i 'd almost forgot she was in our class -- at least until she needed him . 
 i was n't in any place to make demands , so i graciously took the sloppy seconds . 
 this is the real world after all . 
 i put the box back in my bag and head out , fighting the rejection in my head . 
 `` tabby , '' noah calls after me . 
 i turn to him . 
 `` i 'll stop by later , '' he says . 
 then he 's back to jenna . 
 whatever . 
 i ca n't fault him . 
 he already explained his relationship with jenna and told me he would n't let her down . 
 he told me all of this before we got involved . 
 i had a choice in the matter . 
 and i chose him . 
 still the nasty feeling in my chest grows on the way home . 
 at least now there are a few things i can do to prevent it from taking over or from taking me under . 
 at home , noah texts me but i brush him off with a quick note to tell him i 'm going to the center . 
 i quickly change clothes and head out . 
 as michael says , `` your slate has been wiped clean , tabby . '' 
 since i started dancing again , i almost believe it . 
 i ca n't wait to see michael in a few days . 
 having him by my side might just make the visit with mom bearable . 
 once i get to the center , i put my ballet slippers on . 
 then , i wipe my slate clean and dance . 
 there 's no noah , jenna , or upcoming visit from mom . 
 it 's just me , my body , and the music . 
 my breathing accelerates and i start to break a sweat . 
 endorphins kick in . 
 i sweat out the bad and breathe in the good . 
 i start to feel like me again . 
 `` holy shit ! '' 
 a deep voice breaks my focus . 
 `` have you been keeping something from me , tabby ? '' 
 noah says . 
 `` oh , i 'm just burning off steam , '' i say not knowing how long he 's been watching me . 
 `` i 'm finding healthy ways to deal . '' 
 he gets my group reference . 
 i 've told him a little bit about it , mainly to keep him off my back . 
 `` why did n't you tell me you 're a professional dancer ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i 'm not , '' i tell him . 
 `` not anymore . '' 
 `` like hell you are n't . 
 you need to join a group or squad or whatever you call it . 
 that was incredible . '' 
 `` it 's a company . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` and that 's not for me anymore , '' i add , more seriously this time . 
 `` that was my old life , noah . 
 i do n't want to go back to it . '' 
 `` but you could get a scholarship for college . 
 and maybe it would help with other stuff too . '' 
 `` no , this is enough . 
 it does feel good , it does help , but it also brings back a lot of memories . '' 
 `` please do me a favor . '' 
 he moves closer and rests his hands on my arms . 
 `` think about it . '' 
 i nod and my body instinctively moves closer to him . 
 i am completely and utterly in love . 
 i ca n't stay mad at him and i do n't want to fight the past anymore . 
 i want to focus on the future . 
 `` do me a favor , '' i counter . 
 `` show me what you got . '' 
 i turn up the music . 
 and we dance . 
 that 's what we call progress . 
 but before noah and i can progress any further , his parents call . 
 they 've upped their departure time for the boston road trip because of a storm front moving in , so we have to make our goodbyes quick . 
 there are no hallmark moments in the real world . 
 chapter 38 on christmas afternoon , dad and amy rush around the house . 
 they have been for hours . 
 it 's weird . 
 amy is never frazzled , but the thought of hosting a holiday dinner for my mom and stephen has her on edge . 
 the nelson clan left illinois this morning and are due anytime . 
 i feel sick , but i keep it to myself . 
 i help set the table with the silverware . 
 amy 's made everything look great . 
 each place setting has a card with a famous quote about the holidays . 
 they 're wrapped with a sprig of evergreen from the yard . 
 mom 's quote is from dickens : i will honor christmas in my heart , and try to keep it all the year . 
 a little subliminal note for mom , we 'll see if it works . 
 my place setting has a quote from helen keller that says : the only blind person at christmastime is he who has not christmas in his heart . 
 as i toy with it , i see some writing on the back . 
 i flip it over to read a hidden message meant for my eyes only . 
 it 's quote by victor borge : santa claus has the right idea , visit people once a year . 
 i laugh . 
 you got ta love amy ; the lady is good . 
 the rest of my family arrives early afternoon and after an hour of uncomfortable small talk and togetherness , we sit down to eat . 
 amy made a traditional turkey dinner with the works . 
 i was in charge of the mashed potatoes and i 'm now realizing they are quite lumpy . 
 i doubt anyone will notice . 
 dad and amy seem pretty uptight ; mom has a minuscule portion on her plate ; michael wo n't realize it as he inhales the food ; and stephen is just too much of a gentleman to say boo . 
 `` tabby , '' mom says as i 'm feeling my way through the lumps of potatoes . 
 `` stephen and i were wondering if you 'd like to come home for the rest of the holiday break . 
 we could give you a ride back on sunday . 
 maybe you could see megan and come to church -- '' `` what ? '' 
 i interrupt , rather rudely i might add , but i 'm not sure i 'm hearing her correctly . 
 i ca n't believe my ears . 
 she wants me to go back to that place ? 
 visit with my so-called best friend who dropped me the second my trouble became public ? 
 my mother has clearly lost her mind . 
 `` we miss you at home , honey , '' mom continues with her plea to get me back to illinois . 
 a small fire ignites in my belly and burns just below the surface . 
 i think about blowing off mom 's suggestion and making up some school excuse . 
 i ca n't and worse , i 'm not sure how much longer i 'll be in control . 
 my jaw clenches and my hands ball up in fists . 
 i try to hold it all in , unsuccessfully . 
 `` you could 've fooled me , '' i say almost laughing . 
 sarcasm . 
 yes , sarcasm is much better than anger . 
 `` you 've come to see me , what ? 
 two times in almost five months . 
 your only daughter . 
 this is my home now , mom , and i have no desire to go back to that hellhole in illinois ! '' 
 `` well , i just thought -- '' `` you thought wrong . '' 
 `` tabby , what 's wrong ? 
 why are you so angry ? 
 i thought you were still seeing someone to help with these issues . '' 
 `` and that 's just the way you like it , is n't it ? '' 
 i spit . 
 `` someone else taking care of my issues . 
 always someone else . 
 but what about you ? 
 where do you come into all of this ? 
 oh that 's right , you do n't want to know . 
 pretend none of it is happening so you do n't have to be responsible . 
 you wanted me dating that asshole , thomas . 
 you bent all the rules for him . 
 and when he hurt me , you let him get away with it . '' 
 `` tabby , '' she fumbles . 
 `` what happened affected everyone , stephen 's business . 
 i -- '' `` yes , stephen 's precious business . 
 god , mom , you just do n't get it , '' i say defeated . 
 she really does n't and i 'm not sure she ever will . 
 `` just forget it . 
 it does n't matter . 
 none of it matters . '' 
 i stomp off into the living room and stand by the window , drawing a christmas tree in the condensation . 
 michael comes in and adds his own artwork to my drawing . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asks , drawing a star on top of my tree . 
 `` yes , fine , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm better now that i finally let her have it . 
 that 's been building for a long time , but let 's talk about something else for once . 
 tell me what 's going on with you . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` yes , i 'd say it 's about time , would n't you ? '' 
 `` well , '' he says . 
 `` i 've decided on a school . '' 
 it takes me a minute to process . 
 `` what ? 
 where ? 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 i demand , happy to focus on my brother for a change . 
 `` let me take those one at a time , '' michael laughs . 
 `` yes , i 've finally decided on a college . 
 the u of m , and i 'm not talking michigan . 
 it happens to be located right here in minneapolis . 
 and , oh yeah , i just got my acceptance letter yesterday . 
 i wanted to give you the news in person . '' 
 by the time he finishes his sentence , i 'm jumping and screaming and doing a happy dance . 
 it 's going to be a merry christmas after all . 
 we make it . 
 the holiday is officially over and nobody died . 
 i 'm lying on my old bed relishing in michael 's news when amy comes in . 
 `` hey , babe , how are you ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` not too bad , '' i say . 
 `` i was prepared for the worst . 
 and michael 's news ? 
 wow . 
 somehow it turned out to be a good day . '' 
 `` yes , it has , '' she says , snuggling in with me . 
 `` ya know , tab . 
 i think all this time i 've been blaming your mom and stephen for everything that happened last year , but i think your dad and i need to step up and take our lumps . '' 
 wait just a minute . 
 is she turning on me ? 
 feeling bad for my mom . 
 `` what 's this all about ? 
 do you think i was too hard on mom ? '' 
 `` nooooo . 
 no . 
 no , '' amy says . 
 thank the lord . 
 `` sometimes i do n't know what that woman is thinking , you had every right to say what you did . 
 but , you know , maybe if your dad and i were there for you -- giving you what you needed -- maybe things would n't have gotten so bad . 
 instead , we smothered you with hugs and kisses . 
 i thought we could love it away . 
 i wanted so bad to take care of you and to make it all go away , but i never asked you what you needed from me . 
 i 'm so sorry , tabby . 
 i want you to tell me what you need . 
 can you do that ? '' 
 `` this , '' i say grabbing her hand while we lay in bed . 
 `` just this . '' 
 `` i have a lot to learn about what it means to be a parent , '' she says . 
 `` well , you 're about a million times better than my mom , '' i tell her . 
 `` she 's trying too , tabby . 
 she really is trying . '' 
 chapter 39 after christmas , i go back with jules back to mud puddle . 
 i sip my coffee cautiously as we gather around a table in the back room , afraid i 'll spill with my trembling hands . 
 this is my third time joining the group , but i have a feeling something 's up . 
 i think it 's my turn to do the talking . 
 `` how are your butterflies ? '' 
 becca asks the group . 
 we all show them off . 
 they 're still living . 
 i have three , but only show the one on my arm named michael . 
 i have two others on my ankle . 
 noah and jules . 
 we sit and sip our coffees , making small talk before we dive into business . 
 reece does n't beat around the bush . 
 `` so tabby , are you ready to tell us your story ? '' 
 she asks . 
 no , but it 's time . 
 my face burns a little and my teeth chatter as i surprisingly say , `` okay . 
 where should i start ? '' 
 `` at the beginning , '' she says quietly . 
 `` why are you here with us , tabby ? '' 
 i gulp down some air , let it out , and begin at the beginning . 
 `` well , '' i say , wringing my hands . 
 `` i ... i had a really hard time at my old school . '' 
 i stop and take a drink of my coffee . 
 i 'm not sure i can let jules into all of this , but i do n't know how i can avoid it . 
 i try again . 
 `` i slipped into major depression last year , after i lost everything -- my friends , my boyfriend , my dance career . 
 i became the biggest loser in school . 
 after ... i was sexually assaulted at a hockey party . '' 
 and there it is , as simple and as complex as that . 
 i just say it , finally ripping off the band-aid . 
 i wait for the sting . 
 i wait for the gasps and stares . 
 there are none . 
 there are only concerned faces encouraging me to go on . 
 so i do . 
 `` my friend talked me into performing this dance for my boyfriend at the party . 
 it was just this innocent routine we were doing to be funny , but someone slipped something in my drink and the innocent dance turned into a strip show . 
 at least that 's what i pieced together after . '' 
 reece nods and jules leans in . 
 i drink more coffee . 
 my voice starts to waver and jules puts her hand on mine . 
 she wills me her courage , i can feel it . 
 `` some of the guys touched me and made me dance for them . 
 they took pictures and circulated them all over campus . 
 i tried to press charges , but it looked like i was just a slutty girl who got out of control and wanted somebody to blame . 
 everyone found out about it , my family and the entire school . 
 i was kicked out of the dance show . 
 everyone dumped me , all my friends , the other dancers , even my mom . 
 i guess i dumped myself too . '' 
 the more i talk , the lighter i feel , but the sadness is still there . 
 so i cry big , fat , ugly tears . 
 the kind that makes your face swell up and get all blotchy . 
 the shame kicks in and i ca n't handle the way they are looking at me . 
 the way jules , my only friend , is looking at me . 
 what if i ca n't trust her ? 
 what if she tells noah ? 
 panic takes over . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i tell them . 
 `` this is too hard . 
 god , i need to go . '' 
 before they can protest , i rush out of the backroom , through the hall , and into the coffee shop . 
 a row of cabs waits outside the door . 
 i go out into the bitter air and jump in . 
 *** later that night , i recover in my room . 
 i read some of maya angelou 's poems and come across one that could n't be more perfect , still i rise . 
 it 's about racism , slavery , and poverty , which i know little about . 
 but i know what it 's like to be abused and treated like trash . 
 i know what it 's like to be silenced . 
 i know what it is like to be broken and forgotten . 
 i also know , thankfully , how to rise . 
 so i do n't think maya would mind me taking her poem as mine . 
 i read it again and again , like a prayer , and let the words fill the last of the holes in my heart . 
 chapter 40 the holiday break continues and , surprisingly , i 'm okay . 
 better than okay . 
 i talk to noah each night and for once , i begin concentrating on me . 
 my feelings , my therapy , my studies , my workouts and ... my family . 
 what 's that old saying , `` you ca n't love someone else until you learn to love yourself ? '' 
 well , that 's exactly what i 'm trying to do . 
 jules has called a few times . 
 i do n't talk to her . 
 despite her gossiping ways , i do trust her and know she 'll keep my secret . 
 i 'm just not ready to face her yet . 
 what i am ready to face , though , is my dancing career . 
 michael 's been sending me links to local auditions and i 've been following the minneapolis dance scene on my own . 
 there is a small company hosting auditions today and at the very last possible moment , i decide to go . 
 *** inside the theater is a mass of lithe bodies wearing numbers on their chests . 
 i pin mine on and take a spot on the floor , blocking out the chatter all around me . 
 i can do this . 
 `` ladies , '' the choreographer calls out from the wings . 
 `` i am kevin and i 'll be teaching the steps today . '' 
 kevin is small , rail thin , and dressed in all black . 
 he does n't walk ; he glides as he makes his way downstage . 
 `` let 's begin , '' he says . 
 and when the music fills the room , we follow kevin through our warm up . 
 after flowing through all the positions , he shows us the combinations . 
 i 'm a little rusty at first , but settle into a decent groove . 
 not great , but pretty solid . 
 some of the girls let their nerves get the best of them and i know from experience , they wo n't make the next cut . 
 the instructors in the audience frantically take notes on our progress . 
 next up is the floor work . 
 the dancers make six lines on stage right and start turning and leaping across the floor while kevin claps the beat . 
 one of the assistants begins pulling dancers out of the lineup . 
 their time is done , and our group is shrinking . 
 the rest of us get back in line while kevin puts us into groups of three for the next combination . 
 i 'm with a tall brunette and tiny redhead . 
 they are both amazing . 
 we work our way through all of the drills , no problem . 
 the assistant begins pulling dancers again . 
 but i 'm still alive . 
 the next sequence is for a solo performance , so we split up and wish each other luck before we do our final dance . 
 i am home . 
 chapter 41 the new year comes in with a blizzard while i 'm at dad and amy 's . 
 two feet of snow pours down over three days -- which creates quite the extended holiday vacation . 
 we are totally homebound and there is a whole lot of togetherness going on . 
 dad spends the day helping neighbors by using his snowblower to clear driveways and sidewalks , while amy and i cook up recipes a la cuba . 
 `` we need some spice up in here , '' she tells me . 
 i help her make her grandmother 's tamales and some corn stew thingy . 
 it 's to die for . 
 we play scrabble and read books during the times our cable is out , watch bad tv when the cable is working , and eat like it 's our job . 
 by the third day , we all have cabin fever and when school finally resumes , it 's a welcome change to get out of the house and back to normal activity . 
 the first day back , i 'm bursting at the seams to see noah . 
 he got home yesterday , but is on deadline with a huge story for the newspaper -- one he said could put him on the map -- so we did n't have the romantic welcome back night i was hoping for . 
 my body is literally in pain , aching for him . 
 when i get to the commons , noah is waiting for me . 
 his lip twitches , but he tries to cover it with a smile . 
 he does n't have gloves on and is rubbing his hands together so fierce i think he 's going to start a fire . 
 i watch him and melt . 
 i cover his hands with my gloves . 
 `` you are not dressed appropriately for this weather , mr. adler , '' i scold . 
 `` i know , '' he says as he moves in , resting his head on my shoulders . 
 he whispers in my ear , `` i was running late and did n't want to miss you . 
 i barely remembered my shoes . '' 
 he smiles his noah smile , a dimple sinking deep in his cheek . 
 `` shit , you are even more beautiful than i remembered . '' 
 i plant a loud kiss on his lips because i ca n't help myself . 
 he , in turn , takes the glove off my hand and kisses each finger . 
 his thoughtful motion stirs something deep inside , something in me that i thought was lost for good . 
 something i was n't sure i had the right to claim . 
 then the devil slides one of my fingers into his mouth and my stomach turns ten somersaults . 
 `` how was your vacation ? '' 
 i ask , trying to pull myself together . 
 `` terrible , '' he answers . 
 `` i missed you . '' 
 `` i missed you , too , '' i admit . 
 we huddle together and walk to class . 
 actually , noah walks me to each and every class . 
 i 'm sure he 's late all day . 
 i 'm so happy that when jules corners me in poly sci , i 'm ready to face her . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she waits for me just outside the door before the class starts . 
 `` yeah , '' i meet her eyes , ashamed about the way i acted at the coffee shop . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , jules . 
 i should n't have run out like that , or ignored your calls . 
 i guess i just panicked . '' 
 `` but you 're okay now ? '' 
 `` you know , '' i tell her . 
 `` i really think i am . 
 so do you think you can forgive me ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 she gives me an evil grin . 
 `` if you do something for me . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` come out with me tonight . '' 
 i start to protest , but jules immediately cuts me off . 
 `` i was at the paper earlier today and i know noah has a deadline , '' she says . 
 so hang out with me . 
 i 'll keep your mind off of the boss man and you can distract me from foster . '' 
 i tip my head , considering . 
 `` please , '' she whines , reaching out for my hand . 
 i 'm in such a crazy-good mood , i happily give in . 
 *** the party is at that rugby player 's house -- the guy jules pointed out to me at the taco place . 
 i 've seen him around and he is pretty cool . 
 definitely no noah , but who could compete with perfection ? 
 i wish he was here tonight . 
 we reach the house and my knees buckle a little , remembering the last time i was at a party . 
 still , i know i have to do this -- face my demons once and for all . 
 i 've come so far with noah and i 'm ready to be with him completely . 
 i can just look at this as another step toward my recovery . 
 i am in control . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're here , tabby , '' jules says . 
 `` i needed to get out , without the temptation of going home with foster . 
 if he shows or calls , your job is to make him go way . '' 
 `` why ca n't you just say no when he makes his booty call ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` have you seen the man ? '' 
 jules raises an eyebrow to me . 
 `` as good as that boy looks , he 's even better in bed . '' 
 her words make me blush , thinking about noah . 
 `` you know what i mean , do n't you ? '' 
 `` no comment , '' i say , following her to the keg . 
 jules grabs a glass , but i ca n't . 
 i 'm sure it 's safe . 
 they guy manning the keg would have to be better than david blaine to slip something into the beer without anyone seeing . 
 but i wo n't take the chance . 
 i take a bottled water from the cooler instead . 
 we chat with some people from the newspaper , i watch jules flirt with a cute boy from class , and i even indulge her by dancing to three songs in the living room . 
 the place smells like cigarettes and stale beer , the carpet is sopping , and the music is so loud we have to communicate with hand signals . 
 it 's surprisingly fun until i feel eyes burning into my back . 
 jenna is in the corner , watching us . 
 the look she gives both of us is deadly . 
 the girl is downright frightening . 
 jules notices and quickly she leads me away to the kitchen . 
 but once she starts up the flirt session again , jenna moves in . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm alone , '' i tell her , hoping she 'll continue on her way . 
 `` noah 's not here tonight . '' 
 `` you know , i do n't care one iota about you and noah , '' she says -- her voice is sweet and scathing all at the same time . 
 `` you should n't , '' i interrupt . 
 `` it 's none of your business . '' 
 `` oh really ? '' 
 she slurs , obviously partaking in the keg as well . 
 `` then why was noah forced to tell you all about me , our past , and the fact that we 're no longer involved ? '' 
 she ticks off each point on her long manicured fingers . 
 then she proceeds to answer her own question , `` to keep you from getting psycho jealous , that 's why . 
 but let me tell you something , tabby . 
 if you think your little fuck fest is going to change how he feels about me , you 're even more stupid than you look . '' 
 she leans in close but keeps the smile on her face . 
 `` it 's not like he has n't tried before . 
 it 's funny though , the girls never seem to stick . '' 
 `` jenna , '' i say , knowing i have to do something to calm her to prevent a scene . 
 `` i do n't expect noah to change his relationship with you . '' 
 okay , so i lie to do it . 
 `` i 'm not the enemy , '' i tell her . 
 but jenna is , and i know it 's best to keep your friends close and your enemies closer . 
 `` right , you 're just another charity case noah 's trying to save , '' she snaps . 
 `` it 's pathetic . '' 
 `` it seems to me that you 're the charity case , jenna , '' i blurt . 
 so much for preventing a scene . 
 i get in her face and do n't back down . 
 `` why ca n't you just let noah go ? '' 
 `` we have a history that you 'll never understand , '' she slurs again , placing a hand on the wall to steady herself . 
 `` you ca n't change that . 
 he would never let that happen . '' 
 she seems unconvinced by her own words . 
 jules joins me now as jenna 's friends crowd around us . 
 `` you mean you would never let that happen , '' i say , unwilling to let her intimidate me this time . 
 `` i do n't really care who he fucks , tabby . '' 
 she 's swaying so much it 's making me dizzy . 
 `` it will be over soon enough . 
 in the meantime , just stay out of my way . '' 
 there 's nothing i want more . 
 `` done . '' 
 i nod at the request , hoping she is n't right about me and noah . 
 chapter 42 last night , was quite a breakthrough for me . 
 i handled a party and jenna all in one night without losing it . 
 i called noah when i got home to give him all the dirty details . 
 he was less than thrilled . 
 he offered to come over , but i knew he was swamped with the paper so after assuring him that i really was okay , i told him i 'd bring coffee in the morning . 
 when i get there , he 's at his desk wearing his black-rimmed glasses , looking all clark kent sexy , but something is n't right . 
 his face is strained . 
 i know just how to fix that . 
 `` how 's is going ? '' 
 i ask him when i come into his office , pushing his papers aside to settle in between him and the desk . 
 `` you look like you could use a stress reliever . '' 
 i grab his belt buckle and wiggle my eyebrows . 
 i 'm dying to get my hands on him . 
 `` tabby , '' he grabs my fingers , his face is ashen . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i 'm suddenly worried . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 he exhales . 
 `` is it the article ? '' 
 he swallows and nods , unable to meet my eyes . 
 `` why have you been so secretive ? 
 what 's the article about ? '' 
 `` i did n't mean to be secretive , tab , '' he begins . 
 `` the article is about sexual assault and college athletes . 
 pretty disturbing stuff . 
 not exactly something i wanted to talk about during our ... time together . '' 
 my stomach drops . 
 `` it 's also about the way universities are helping to cover up the crimes , '' noah continues , running his hand through his hair . 
 `` i 've been working with student journalists from all over the country to get information to include in the piece . '' 
 no . 
 no fucking way . 
 this has nothing to do with me . 
 `` today , i got a package from illinois . '' 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 `` i never expected the reporters in chicago would cooperate , '' he starts to blabber . 
 `` i had a lead and i tried contacting them , but nobody would talk . '' 
 my knees buckle . 
 if i was n't leaning against the desk , i 'd be on the floor . 
 noah reaches out for me , but i swat his hand away . 
 `` i did n't know , tab . 
 i swear i did n't . 
 i just found out today . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 noah ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 i ask . 
 but i know . 
 i know exactly what he 's talking about . 
 he pulls out the stack of papers on the desk and it 's all there . 
 the articles from the university paper . 
 the student blog postings . 
 the response from the university . 
 i hold still . 
 it 's like my organs are shutting down one by one . 
 noah stands , pushing his laptop out of my view . 
 his eyes narrow and the crease between his brows deepens . 
 he knows . 
 he knows . 
 `` baby , '' he whispers . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 my arm snakes over him , flipping the laptop so i can see what he was looking at . 
 or to confirm it . 
 when i see the screen , it 's like looking at my own reflection . 
 it 's my face and body in a slideshow of disgusting photos . 
 i begin hitting the arrows to flip them . 
 over and over again . 
 noah 's expression is unreadable , a cross between murderous and devastated . 
 `` what exactly happened , tabby ? '' 
 his voice is hollow . 
 `` did these assholes rape you ? '' 
 he needs to know how damaged i really am . 
 or maybe what diseases i 'm carrying . 
 `` the doctors said no , '' i whisper , ashamed i do n't know the answer on my own . 
 `` i was n't violated in that way . '' 
 i ca n't do this . 
 i ca n't discuss this with him . 
 it feels like it 's happening all over again . 
 the questions , the suspicion , the judgment . 
 `` oh , god , '' i start pacing . 
 `` talk to me , '' he pleads . 
 i ca n't . 
 instead , i stare at my past spread out on his desk . 
 every dirty detail . 
 i ca n't look anymore . 
 i want to drift off and not think about any of this ever again . 
 reluctantly , i inch away from noah -- afraid it 's for the very last time . 
 he moves to stop me . 
 `` do n't leave , tabby . 
 not yet . 
 there 's something i need to tell you before you go . '' 
 i do n't wait to hear it . 
 but as i turn around to make my escape , things get even worse . 
 jenna is waiting in the doorway . 
 she heard everything , so i do thing only thing i can . 
 i run . 
 again . 
 chapter 43 my phone beeps continuously with texts from noah . 
 i immediately hit delete . 
 i have three days before the article will be in the paper . 
 three days to prepare myself and my family . 
 three days to be normal before it all starts again . 
 i pile into my nest and wait for the storm . 
 that 's the thing about depression , it is n't soft and quiet , lulling me to sleep . 
 at least that 's not how it begins . 
 it 's loud , ringing anxiety . 
 a pacing in my brain that only subsides after it runs its course -- taking me where it wants , making me relive the things i do n't want to think about , blaming me over and over again until it 's satisfied . 
 when finally my brain and body shut down . 
 it 's only then that the hole inside my chest shrinks . 
 i remember this all too well . 
 i rock myself into submission , into the comatose state where used to spend my time . 
 i hold my head in my hands and everything goes foggy . 
 my eyes are heavy and my body feels like hardening cement . 
 i bury myself under the pile of covers on my bed , hoping i can hide here . 
 hoping it wo n't find me again . 
 my head throbs until i drift off . 
 *** over the next two days , jules visits my apartment . 
 i do n't answer . 
 she must know about the article . 
 i 'm sure jenna 's spread the news far and wide by now . 
 jules leaves food and flowers at my door -- i throw it all away . 
 i come dangerously close to slipping deep into the black hole again , but something stops me . 
 it 's jules and the crazy big dude from group . 
 she talks her way into my apartment , threatening me with the help of big ’n scary , and delivers me to the mud puddle where she has reinforcements . 
 turns out she did n't know about the article . 
 she was almost as shocked as i was , so she enlists the help of my new friends and we come up with a plan . 
 `` you need to take the offensive , '' jules recommends . 
 i listen because she is prelaw and smart as hell . 
 `` when the article comes out , we hold a press conference and you tell your story . 
 we get statistics on sexual assault on campus and within college sports ; we get women 's organizations to come and show their support ; we serve the assholes who did this to you their balls . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i tell her . 
 i honestly do n't think i 'm tough enough to pull it off . 
 `` do n't you go soft on me , tabitha kelly . 
 you 've made it too far to go slinking away into a corner . 
 do n't you see how strong you are ? 
 you can do this . '' 
 my mind races and i let out a huge sigh . 
 i feel like i may hyperventilate . 
 jules puts her arm around me . 
 `` we can do this . '' 
 i nod , knowing we can do this . 
 jules ignites a fire in my belly . 
 she believes me . 
 she will support me . 
 no , this time i do n't have to take it . 
 i 'm not alone . 
 this time , i can fight . 
 chapter 44 dad is at my apartment when i get home with jules . 
 he must know what 's going on . 
 my heart squeezes knowing that i 'm going to put him through all of this again . 
 god , could i do that to him ? 
 at his university ? 
 `` tabby , '' dad says , sizing me up . 
 `` where were you ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` i was with jules , '' i say , wanting him to tell me what he knows before i give away any information . 
 `` noah called . '' 
 shit . 
 `` he told me about the article and what he found , '' he says with a shudder . 
 `` it 's okay , dad . 
 i 'm going to be okay . 
 really . '' 
 `` he was so worried about you , tab , '' dad holds in a sob . 
 `` he said you shut down when he told you what he found . 
 and after , you would n't take his calls . 
 you missed class . '' 
 dad sobs now and my heart crumbles . 
 `` i did n't know what i was going to find here . 
 i did n't know if you could handle it again . '' 
 `` daddy . '' 
 i wrap him in my arms . 
 `` no . 
 i 'd never do that again . 
 i 'm better . 
 i can handle it . 
 jules will be there for me every step of the way when the article comes out . '' 
 `` what do you mean when it comes out ? '' 
 dad pulls away to look at me . 
 `` there 's no article . 
 noah shut it down immediately once the package came from illinois . 
 he does n't roll that way , honey . 
 he 's one of the good guys . '' 
 `` he did n't do it ? '' 
 i say , almost to myself . 
 `` he did n't file the story ? 
 he protected me ? 
 but what about making a name for himself ? '' 
 `` he would n't do that at your expense , sweetheart . 
 he is torn up over this . 
 i 've never seen him so upset . 
 you need to get in touch with him . 
 let him know you 're okay . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i can , dad . '' 
 now i have tears in my eyes . 
 `` there 's something you do n't know . 
 noah and i are ... involved . 
 can you imagine what he thinks about me after all of this ? 
 how can i face him ? '' 
 `` only you can answer that , tabby . 
 and though i 'm not pleased that you kept your relationship from me , i can tell you this : noah is in love with you . '' 
 `` wha -- how do you know that ? '' 
 i ask , not fully understanding his words . 
 dad gives my hands a squeeze and says , `` he told me . '' 
 chapter 45 i do n't get much sleep after dad leaves . 
 i should be happy , thrilled , that noah loves me . 
 but what can it mean now , after he knows what happened ? 
 how can he feel the same about me ? 
 or is it just pity ? 
 not to mention the way i handled everything in his office . 
 i ran away yet again . 
 i believed the worst in him . 
 and now i have no choice but to face him , and face the world . 
 though there is no newspaper article , jenna still knows ... and that means others will soon know . 
 and noah will do nothing to stop her . 
 can i live with that ? 
 i keep my head up as i walk on campus and visualize a protective shell around my body . 
 stares , glares , snide comments -- does n't matter . 
 nothing will get through to me . 
 i can do this . 
 i get through the morning without incident . 
 still , it 's just a matter of time . 
 jenna 's in my next class and i know there 's no possible way to avoid her . 
 `` chica , '' jules hollers . 
 she made sure to meet me in the commons before poly sci . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i have n't been stoned yet , '' i say . 
 `` but i have n't run into jenna either . '' 
 `` that 's why i 'm here , babe . '' 
 she links her arm in mine . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 we walk to class and i slow at the door to peek inside . 
 no jenna . 
 no jenna in poly sci . 
 or , the rest of the day . 
 that is , until professor sands ' class . 
 *** i 'm about to turn the corner to get to english lit when i hear them . 
 `` what the hell , noah ? '' 
 jenna yells . 
 `` why did you summon me to the newspaper ? 
 i missed poly sci because of it . '' 
 i stay hidden behind the corner but inch a little closer , wanting to hear their exchange . 
 `` i did n't want you to be alone with her , '' noah says . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 `` completely . '' 
 `` so you 're afraid i might hurt your wounded bird 's feelings ? 
 and thought that was a reason to have me miss class ? '' 
 `` yeah , actually , '' noah says . 
 `` but that 's not all . 
 that newspaper assignment is for real , jenna . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 jenna whines . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 you 're making me write a story ? 
 but you know i have a lot on my plate . '' 
 `` do n't give me that . '' 
 noah laughs . 
 `` is this because of tabby ? '' 
 jenna snaps . 
 `` what did she tell you ? '' 
 `` she did n't tell me anything . 
 and this is about you , not her . '' 
 `` right , '' she says . 
 `` you should watch yourself with her , noah . 
 or you 'll be the next one she accuses -- '' `` stop , '' noah yells now . 
 `` you stop right there . 
 i 've had just about enough of this shit , jenna . 
 no more . '' 
 `` but , you -- '' `` no , '' he cuts her off . 
 `` no more excuses . 
 that 's it . 
 i 'm not going to let you manipulate me anymore . 
 it 's time you get your shit together and stop blaming me for everything that goes wrong in your life . 
 no more free rides . 
 if you want the credits , you get to the newspaper and do the work . 
 and let me tell you something else . 
 if anyone finds out about what happened to tabby on that campus , i 'll know who talked . 
 and i will cut you off . 
 for good . '' 
 `` i ca n't , '' jenna starts , her voice full of contempt . 
 i clench my teeth , knowing this is n't right . 
 i ca n't let noah do my fighting . 
 i wish i could , but nothing is going to get better unless i step up . 
 jenna continues , `` i ca n't even believe you -- '' that 's when i stop her . 
 `` no , jenna , '' i say , walking out from around the corner . 
 `` i ca n't believe you . '' 
 i move toward her and noah slides aside giving me complete access . 
 i swear i see the trace of a smile on his face . 
 `` i ca n't believe you would hold my past against me . '' 
 i glare at her until she 's forced to look away . 
 `` especially after hearing about yours . '' 
 it was past time for fighting words . 
 jenna does n't move or say a word . 
 she 's frozen . 
 and noah 's frozen . 
 there 's nothing but silence . 
 so i brush past them and go to class . 
 chapter 46 noah does n't try to catch up with me after class . 
 i do n't wait for him either , i 'm not sure he 'd want me to . 
 it 's obvious he cares about me , but maybe his feelings have changed to a more protective-big-brother sort . 
 instead of making myself crazy with wonder and worry , i go to the center to dance . 
 i work on the combinations kevin taught me , hoping to let everything fade away . 
 it does n't work . 
 before i know it i 'm in my car heading to noah 's apartment . 
 i argue with myself on the drive . 
 i want so bad to go to him . 
 to see if he still has real feelings for me . 
 but if i do , there 's no more playing around . 
 if i go to him now , and he takes me back , we are together for the long haul . 
 no more bailing out when it gets hard or messy or scary . 
 if i -- i stop myself with a knock on his door . 
 my body is on autopilot , doing what it needs to . 
 my brain tries to keep up . 
 there 's no answer , but i can hear music coming from upstairs . 
 his apartment door is unlocked . 
 i slide my boots off and walk into a lovely sound -- lazy notes singing , soft and sweet . 
 noah 's deep melody joining in . 
 i could listen to him all day . 
 his music , his voice , it 's like coming home and being wrapped in a soft , toasty blanket . 
 noah sits at his keyboard , his scruffy old adidas keeping time as he watches his own fingers moving , changing the melody . 
 it 's a beautiful sight watching him make music . 
 he looks up at me and lets out an enormous sigh as relief washes over his face . 
 `` tabby . '' 
 he 's at my side instantly . 
 `` i was hoping you 'd find your way back here . '' 
 he brushes the hair out of his eyes , revealing the dark circles underneath . 
 `` actually , praying -- to all the gods and even jesus -- that you 'd make your way back to me . '' 
 `` you want me here ? '' 
 i ask , confused . 
 he nods and gives me the softest smile . 
 `` always . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell me that in class ? '' 
 `` you did n't ask , '' he smirks . 
 `` noah , i do n't want to play games . '' 
 `` i do n't either . 
 but i want you with me for the right reasons , tab . 
 it was time for you to make the decision . '' 
 `` i want the same thing , '' i say , worried about what 's going to come next . 
 `` you had me scared out of my mind for the past three days . 
 i was so worried about you . 
 i 'm so sorry i pulled up all that shit . '' 
 `` it 's not your fault , '' i tell him . 
 `` i had no idea . '' 
 he grabs my arms and pulls me on the bed . 
 `` tabby , i am so sorry about what happened to you . 
 i could kill every last one of those lowlife fuckers . 
 i will -- just say the word . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to find out , but i 'm grateful that you 're not printing the story . '' 
 `` i 'd never do that to you , baby . 
 that 's what i was trying to tell you when i called , but i was only making matters worse . 
 i knew i could n't come after you , i knew you would n't see me . '' 
 `` but what about your resume and -- '' `` and nothing , '' he says , kissing my hands . 
 `` i 'd rather work at a country newspaper in north dakota than do anything to hurt you . '' 
 `` why ? 
 why would you do that for me ? '' 
 `` i 'm in love with you . 
 i have been for months now . 
 i was just waiting for you to catch up . 
 i would do anything for you , tab . '' 
 `` even after knowing what you know ? 
 seeing me that way , and all of that ugliness ? '' 
 `` if it 's possible , i love you even more because of it . 
 that you were able to get over something so life-shattering . 
 they did n't break you , baby . '' 
 `` sometimes i 'm not so sure , '' i admit . 
 `` i am . 
 you are the most incredible woman i 've ever known . 
 look at you with jenna today . 
 i 've never been so proud . '' 
 `` look at you with jenna today , '' i counter with a smile stretching across my face . 
 `` yeah , i 'm just sorry it took me so long to grow a pair . 
 i guess i 'm still healing too . 
 but you are the most important thing to me . 
 and i wo n't let anyone , not even jenna , hurt you again . 
 ever . 
 but no more secrets , tabby . 
 i ca n't take it . 
 that 's not how it 's going to be with us . '' 
 `` okay , '' i say , agreeing to his simple demand . 
 `` okay , '' he says . 
 then he kisses me , and this time i know , i really know , everything is going to be okay . 
 `` i love you , noah adler , '' i whisper in his mouth . 
 `` i love you , tabitha kelly , '' he whispers back . 
 `` now let me show you what you deserve , baby . 
 let me take care of you . '' 
 he does just that in every way possible and this time , there 's nothing standing between us . 
 not even me . 
 **** the next morning , i get a call while noah 's in the shower . 
 it 's the most amazing news . 
 i run into the bathroom to share it immediately . 
 `` noah ? '' 
 i call out so he can hear me over the sound of the running water . 
 `` yes , tabby . '' 
 he flips the shower curtain open . 
 i forget my news for a minute , lost in his beautiful body . 
 noah reaches out for me and i take his hand , only to be pulled into the shower with him clothes and all . 
 he remedies that problem quickly , slipping me out of his t-shirt i slept in and trailing kisses down my belly as he takes off my panties . 
 the first time we did this , before noah knew , was wonderful . 
 but what we have now is even better . 
 each time he touches me , he wipes away some of the damage . 
 little by little . 
 i cherish every single second and do n't even think about my news until he brings it up an hour later when we 're eating breakfast in bed . 
 `` i seem to remember you had some news for me , '' noah says between bites of toast . 
 `` yes , i did . '' 
 he stops eating and looks at me . 
 `` well , come on . 
 out with it . '' 
 `` i have some good news . '' 
 `` it 's about time , '' he says , sliding me closer to him . 
 `` i 've been asked to join a local dance company , '' i squeal . 
 `` you what ? '' 
 his voice cracks , almost choking on a sob . 
 `` that is the best thing i 've heard ... ever ! 
 i did n't know you were auditioning . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` you sly , sly dog . '' 
 `` guess what else ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he treads lightly now . 
 `` i got the lead . '' 
 i laugh . 
 noah beams and smothers me with kisses . 
 i 'm fairly sure we 're not leaving this apartment today . 
 chapter 47 three months later the next few months are a blur of noah , school , and dance practice . 
 it 's busy , but noah and i make the time for each other . 
 always . 
 it helps that we spend nearly every night together . 
 since we each have our own place , there 's really no reason not to . 
 plus , i ca n't take being away from him for more than a few hours -- especially at night . 
 i wish i was tucked away in covers with him now as i wait in the wings at the theater . 
 it 's been one year since thomas ' party and i ca n't believe how far i 've come . 
 tonight 's the night of our big show . 
 my nerves are out of control and the little butterflies that started tickling my belly have morphed into angry crows battling it out in my gut . 
 i think i might just chicken out until i look into the audience . 
 from the wings , i can see noah front and center , looking delicious in his new gray suit . 
 he 's sandwiched between my two families . 
 on one side is dad , amy and jules . 
 on the other sits mom , stephen , and michael . 
 they smile and call out my name . 
 it 's time . 
 i let out a deep breath and take my position before i am consumed by the spotlight . 
 and when the music begins , i dance . 
 i go through the movements , my confidence growing with each step and soon , i 'm no longer worried . 
 i perform the best number of my life . 
 funny , it does n't even matter because i know that if i tumble , there are six people out there ready to pick me up again . 
 the end * continue reading for a sneak peek at clare james ' next book in the impossible love series * more by clare james chapter 1 jules i bite my lip when his tattoo peeks out from under his shirt . 
 yes , it is completely cliché . 
 and yes , i do look like some kind of b-list porn star lusting after this man and going into heat every time he shows a little skin . 
 but seriously , he is that delicious . 
 sweet mother mary , help me . 
 deep black ink spreads across foster 's toffee-colored skin along his lower left ab . 
 i was with him when he got it -- a tribal eagle . 
 it 's an important symbol for the ojibwe people . 
 foster 's people . 
 though he 's never really embraced his roots , not even after his dad died in junior high , he 's trying to figure it out now . 
 he 's trying to figure out a lot of things -- usually over whiskey cokes . 
 my eyes remain glued to his abs . 
 it 's ridiculous , i know . 
 still , i ca n't help it . 
 foster sutton does this to me . 
 every . 
 fucking . 
 time . 
 i 've been up close and personal with his markings of guilt on a few occasions . 
 and guilt is precisely what i 'm feeling now as i stand here drooling over foster 's body . 
 it 's more than a bit shady -- gawking at him while he 's passed out -- but i ca n't tear my eyes away . 
 click -- i take a mental picture and store it away for ... later . 
 i have a million photos of foster in my brain file . 
 none of them , however , quite capture this side of him . 
 or , this much of him . 
 his shirt is riding up and the fly of his jeans is open , telling me he tried to take off his clothes before passing out . 
 but it looks like the booze won this time . 
 he sent me a text from the bar about an hour ago , incoherent and needy -- his telltale signs of being three sheets to the wind . 
 of course , i rushed right over . 
 when duty calls ... foster sighs and his eyes flutter open . 
 `` come here , baby , '' he says , reaching for me from a pool of drunkenness . 
 and i want to , believe me . 
 oh how i want to , but we 've played this game too many times before , and what a girl needs is her dignity -- not a purse holding her panties while she does the bull-legged walk of shame in broad daylight . 
 i skillfully avoid foster 's grasping arms , knowing i just have to keep away from him for the next few minutes . 
 he always gets a second wind right before passing out completely . 
 trouble is , i do n't want to stay away . 
 i want to climb in bed and lick him like a popsicle . 
 dignity is overrated anyway . 
 i want to take away his pain -- at least for a little while . 
 but i 've been trying to do that for the last two years and nothing changes . 
 we never move forward . 
 we never get back to that place we were before the accident . 
 before everything went to hell . 
 the thought helps me pull away from those delectable abs to get the supplies i need . 
 when i move down the hall , i swear foster is hissing at the sunray beating down on him . 
 the afternoon light is annoying me as well . 
 it 's glaring through the apartment as if to say , `` look around , woman ! 
 look at this mess of an apartment , this mess of a man . '' 
 i tell the bitchy sunbeam to zip her lip and then close the blinds in the tiny studio . 
 foster mumbles what i assume is a thank you from the futon . 
 the sorry sack did n't even wait until nighttime to hit the bar today . 
 but it 's been months since i 've had to play nurse jackie , so that has to be a good sign . 
 i grab his blanket from the floor and drape it over his body , covering that damn tattoo . 
 there , that 's a little better . 
 foster 's place is a dump , but it 's close to campus and it 's all he could afford after noah finally kicked him out last year . 
 i do n't blame noah in the least , foster 's act is getting old . 
 even for me . 
 `` here , take this , '' i tell him from the side of the bed , holding out three advil and a glass of water . 
 foster takes the water glass from my hand and sets it on the bedside table , but instead of taking the advil , he grabs both my wrists and yanks me onto the bed . 
 the pills fly through the air and he has me pinned under him in less than a second . 
 `` i 'd rather take you , '' he growls in my ear . 
 holy hell . 
 this is exactly what i was afraid of . 
 his eyes are bloodshot , hair disheveled , and he smells like cigarettes and whiskey . 
 does n't matter , he 's still hot as hades . 
 this is the one area of his life where he knows exactly what he 's doing -- and though i have , on occasion , reaped the benefits from his sexual prowess , it still pains me to know how he got it . 
 foster runs the back of his hand along my cheek , and i swear i see the guy i fell in love with back in high school . 
 the kind , funny , impossibly gorgeous -- foster . 
 `` i 've missed you , jules , '' he whispers , accentuating his full , kissable lips . 
 instantly , my traitorous body responds . 
 it cares nothing about dignity . 
 `` me too , '' i tell him with a lump in my throat , because i have missed him . 
 i 've missed this . 
 `` maybe we could try again . '' 
 there 's pain in his eyes . 
 `` maybe i could change . '' 
 he brushes his lips across mine , an apology for so many things that have gone wrong . 
 `` maybe , '' i say into his mouth unable to move my greedy body away . 
 i love the weight of him on me -- the pressure , the heat . 
 foster 's mouth finds my neck and he nips and bites his way down to my collarbone , while i turn completely liquid . 
 my hands trail along his sides , under his shirt . 
 he groans at my touch before meeting my eyes . 
 his chestnut hair falls into his face and obscures his beautiful eyes . 
 his locks have grown and it 's too long , too incredibly sexy . 
 i fist my hand in it , pulling his mop away from those amber pools . 
 i love when his eyes light up like this , almost glowing . 
 it makes me feel like i 'm the one who put the sparkle in them . 
 it makes me want to do almost anything to keep it there . 
 his fingertips slide under my shirt and i whimper at his touch . 
 then his mouth plunders mine . 
 his tongue parts my lips , demanding attention . 
 i let him kiss me because i hope his words hold some truth to them this time . 
 i hope he can change and we can start over , but i 'm not convinced he wants to . 
 not yet anyway . 
 foster senses my hesitation . 
 and in a blink , i feel him go back to the empty shell he 's become . 
 he continues kissing me , but the sweetness is gone now . 
 his hands move under my shirt , but they feel like a stranger 's . 
 i roll over on top of him and grab his face in my hands , trying to reach him again . 
 i search and search , trying to find the old foster , the real foster . 
 he 's gone . 
 dragging my shirt over my head , he pulls me in . 
 skin on skin . 
 there are almost sparks on contact . 
 our bodies know what to do , even when our heads are n't in the game . 
 soon we are diving into each other , maybe both trying to forget . 
 trying to get lost in each other . 
 this is usually the point he passes out , but there 's no sign of that now . 
 he 's frantic -- touching , kissing , pulling , grasping . 
 i help him take my pants off and he pins me again under his weight . 
 and just as i 'm falling into the moment and into him , he nestles my neck and says , `` you feel amazing , ash . '' 
 all the air in the room has been sucked out . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 he 's screwed it up again . 
 i ca n't believe it . 
 my heart almost stops and my fists clench , ready for a fight . 
 he actually called me by the wrong name . 
 the . 
 wrong . 
 fucking . 
 name . 
 so i do the only thing i can . 
 i knee the asshat in the balls . 
 jesus , forgive me , for i know not what i do . 
 scratch that , i do and it feels damn good . 
 while foster 's grunting from the fetal position , i push off him with an ache that runs the length of me -- head to toe . 
 i pound my fists in his back for good measure . 
 `` you ruin everything , you asshole . '' 
 i let a few tears escape . 
 it does n't matter , not like he 'll remember any of this tomorrow . 
 `` wait . '' 
 he sits up , flinching . 
 `` do n't go . '' 
 i shake my head and put my pants and shirt back on , unable to look at him now . 
 i grab my sweater and pull on my boots , fighting the overwhelming urge to throw them at his head . 
 `` you ruin everything , '' i say again before walking out the door . 
 `` everything . '' 
 i stomp down the hallway , leaving a fiery wake . 
 i suppose it could be worse ; i could be toting my panties in my purse . 
 chapter 2 foster i sleep it off for the next few hours . 
 the sun is setting by the time i 'm able to haul my ass out of bed , and i ca n't help but wonder what jules is doing after my stunt . 
 did she go home to cry ? 
 did she light a cigarette even though she gave them up months ago ? 
 did she say fuck him and decide to hit up one of the many end-of-year parties ? 
 did she fashion a foster voodoo doll and poke him with needles ? 
 i did it on purpose , knowing it was an asshole move . 
 i called out ash 's name because i ca n't say no to jules on my own . 
 i know i 'm playing games , fucking with her head . 
 pulling her in and pushing her away . 
 it 's a constant fight between my head and my heart . 
 i ca n't think straight where she 's concerned . 
 today , i wanted to be near her . 
 just for a while . 
 but then i took it too far and i panicked . 
 once again , i acted like a douche so she had to make the decision to stop because i could n't . 
 the truth is i could never forget one thing about jules . 
 her smell , her touch , her long dark hair -- streaked with rainbow colors that change according to her mood . 
 or her tiny body with just the perfect amount of curves . 
 even her heart has its own special beat . 
 i 'd recognize her anywhere -- no matter how drunk i may be . 
 i 'd never mistake my jules . 
 but i had to do something . 
 i could n't go through with it . 
 she deserves so much more than what i can give her . 
 i do n't want to contaminate her with my poison . 
 i 've let myself do it too many times in the past , the selfish bastard that i am . 
 it 's just sometimes it 's almost impossible to not touch her . 
 still a little sore from her ball-busting , i limp to the kitchen for some water . 
 i drink my fill and pour the rest down the drain , imagining spilling it all over jules ' body and lapping it up . 
 christ . 
 my poor junk does n't know what the hell is up . 
 from blue balls to an assault , and back to blue balls . 
 she 's been gone for hours and i 'm still hard thinking about her . 
 her lithe body covered only in purple polka dot panties and matching bra . 
 spunky , that girl , even down to her underwear . 
 and here i sit like a horny teenager , pining for someone i will never deserve . 
 a knock on the door does nothing to pull me out of my condition . 
 if it 's jules , i do n't care . 
 i 'm taking her . 
 against the wall , on the counter , in my bed . 
 i ca n't go on like this much longer . 
 when i answer , it 's not jules . 
 it 's ashley . 
 karma is a nasty bitch . 
 `` foxy foster , '' ash says , walking past me into my apartment . 
 ash is the opposite of jules -- girly , tall , and voluptuous . 
 she 's in a pink sweat-suit , the word juicy plastered across her ass . 
 this is our pattern . 
 i hang out at the bar when the guilt and loneliness are too much to handle , and ashley comes by after her shift to help me forget . 
 it 's been months since i 've been drunk though ; i know i should feel bad about it , but i do n't . 
 not after what happened to one of the kids at the center -- my secret place of penance . 
 i needed something to take the edge off . 
 even so , i know it was the easy way out . 
 what can i say ? 
 i 'm weak and destructive , and if i do n't want to destroy yet another person , i need to stop this shit with ash too . 
 `` i see you 're ready for my visit , '' she says , tracing a finger down my bare chest to the opening in my jeans . 
 she makes the mistake that my hard-on is for her . 
 it 's for jules . 
 always for jules . 
 `` about that , '' i say to her , glancing down at the bulge in my jeans . 
 `` i ca n't do this anymore , ash . 
 it 's not right . '' 
 ashley does n't relent . 
 she leans in and pulls my zipper down all the way . 
 `` i disagree , '' she says , backing me into the wall . 
 `` do n't , '' i start to protest , but i ca n't deny her touch feels good . 
 i want to get lost again and this is the only thing that can take me away and help me forget for a few minutes . 
 `` foster , '' ash says . 
 `` do n't be so dramatic . 
 do n't you think i know you 're thinking about her when we 're together ? '' 
 my mouth drops open . 
 surely , i 've been a better actor than this . 
 i 'm the ultimate player -- all suave and sweet-talking . 
 damn , i ca n't even do that right . 
 she lifts my chin and plants the softest kiss on my lips -- even though ash does n't do soft . 
 with us , it 's always been hard , fast , and frantic . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she whispers on my lips . 
 `` you take away my pain too . 
 and i need you . '' 
 ash catches my bottom lip in her teeth and pulls . 
 `` now . '' 
 that 's all she needs to do . 
 i capture her lips and devour them . 
 like i need her to breathe , to survive . 
 in some ways , it 's exactly what i need . 
 she is saving me . 
 i pull her close and she wraps those long legs around my waist as i walk her to my kitchen counter . 
 the bed is too intimate for us -- always has been . 
 ash unzips her sweatshirt and i do the rest . 
 i yank , strip , and pull until she 's sitting on my counter , wearing only a thong . 
 i cup her breasts and wrap my lips around her nipple , tasting , sucking , and pretending i 'm with jules . 
 that it 's her body writhing from my touch . 
 i think about what it 'd be like to be with jules completely . 
 i 've yet to make love to her . 
 we 've been drunk and we 've fucked . 
 it was fantastic , but i 've never fully given myself to her . 
 if i did , i could never go back to being just friends . 
 she 'd eventually learn the truth and leave me . 
 for good . 
 so i settle for what we have right now . 
 i only have one year left with jules . 
 one year together and then it 's over . 
 she 'll go her way to her life , her future . 
 and i 'll have mine -- one where i float in the present , never moving forward , eating up time with girls like ash -- the fucked up and the low . 
 i have one year to keep up this charade . 
 one year to ignore the way my body responds to jules . 
 one year to pretend . 
 i quickly pull my jeans down to my thighs and roll on a condom . 
 i wrap ashley 's hair around my fist and pull her head back so i ca n't see her face . 
 then i plunge into her and get lost . 
 about the author clare james is the author of steamy contemporary romance and new adult novels : before you go , more , dirty little lies , talk to me , and just listen . 
 a former dancer , clare still loves to get her groove on -- mostly to work off her beloved cupcakes and red wine . 
 a fan of spunky women , gorgeous guys , and super-hot romance , clare spends most of her time lost in books . 
 she lives in minneapolis with her two leading men -- her husband and young son -- and loves to hear from her fans . 
 find her at : www.clarejamesbooks.com @clarejamesbooks http://www.facebook.com/clarejamesauthor 
