 copyright © 2013 by melody grace smashwords edition 2013 *** fall in love in beachwood bay ... out now ! 
 `` the first time i saw her , i knew this girl was wilder than any stallion i 'd ever trained . 
 she was headstrong , wounded , passionate and free . 
 and i had to have her ... '' brittany ray does n't care about her bad reputation . 
 growing up in a sleepy beach town with a junkie mom and a runaway dad , brit 's learned the hard way that the people you love will only let you down . 
 it 's no use hoping for love or happiness . 
 some dreams are n't meant for girls like her . 
 hunter covington is one of those dreams . 
 gorgeous , charming hunter is damn near perfect -- and it 's killing him . 
 son of charleston royalty , he 's been trapped in a gilded cage since the day he was born . 
 now he 's breaking free . 
 he 's quit law school to restore his grandpa 's old horse ranch , trying to soothe the demons in his soul . 
 but beachwood bay is full of old ghosts , like the mysterious girl who spent an unforgettable night with him -- and then slipped away before dawn . 
 brit . 
 everything about her screams danger , but hunter does n't care : he 's never felt a connection so deep . 
 and try as she may , brit ca n't resist the desire consuming her -- or the safety she finds in hunter 's arms . 
 a reckless passion . 
 an undeniable bond . 
 scarred by their pasts , brit and hunter fight to heal old wounds . 
 but will dark secrets tear apart their new beginning ? 
 and when love is the biggest risk of all , can they find the courage to face the future unafraid ? 
 *** copyright © 2013 by melody grace smashwords edition 2013 interior design by angela mclaurin , fictional formats all rights reserved . 
 no part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means , electronic or mechanical , including photocopying , recording , or by any information storage and retrieval system , without permission in writing . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places and incidents are the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously , and any resemblance to any actual persons , living or dead , events , or locales is entirely coincidental . 
 the author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction , which have been used without permission . 
 the publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized , associated with , or sponsored by the trademark owner . 
 all rights reserved . 
 *** 1 . 
 juliet 2 . 
 emerson 3 . 
 juliet 4 . 
 emerson 5 . 
 juliet 6 . 
 emerson 7 . 
 juliet 8 . 
 emerson 9 . 
 juliet 10 . 
 emerson 11 . 
 juliet 12 . 
 emerson free sample of unbroken acknowledgements there was a time i did n't believe in fate . 
 i read all the fairy-tales , watched movies with star-crossed lovers , but to me it always seemed like the coward 's way out , a way to never make a real choice about your life . 
 when something big happened , or a change came along , i would watch people say , `` it 's meant to be , '' and let it all just happen , like they were driftwood tumbling in the tide , powerless to stop for one second and decide if it was really what they wanted . 
 i listened to my friends talk about soul-mates , and i could n't understand . 
 how could they act like it was beyond their control , as if they were just pieces of a bigger puzzle , with no say in anything at all ? 
 i did n't realize : sometimes fate is the hardest choice of all . 
 that summer , i was on the edge of everything : my future , adulthood , a life of my own design . 
 i 'd waited to so long be free from the secrets of my past , it was almost within reach . 
 just one summer , and i could be gone forever , shed my skin and start fresh somewhere . 
 be someone new . 
 and then i crossed the county line into beachwood bay , and everything changed . 
 because that 's the thing i did n't understand about fate : there 's always a moment when you do have a choice . 
 standing there in the shallows , watching the wave roll in ; feeling its power , knowing it might pull you under , but believing the water will carry your weight all the same . 
 it 's an act of faith . 
 a miracle . 
 but you have to decide : give yourself up and surrender to a force far greater than you will ever understand , or turn and walk away -- live the rest of your days safe on dry land , knowing that when it mattered most of all , you were n't brave enough to risk it . 
 you were n't brave enough to love . 
 yes , fate was real , and his name was emerson ray . 
 he came crashing into me that summer , sending my plans scattering on the wind , and turning my whole world upside-down with just one wounded smile . 
 i looked at him and knew there would be nothing easy about our destiny ; nothing simple about my surrender . 
 the only question was , would i be brave enough to take that leap ? 
 *** i wake with a pounding headache , lying next to a girl whose name i do n't remember . 
 damn . 
 i lay there a minute , feeling a familiar burn of self-loathing as i try and think back how i wound up here . 
 there was booze , a lot of it , i can remember that much . 
 a buddy 's band was playing in a dive bar across town , the crowd rowdy and packed with cute coeds . 
 i told the guys i needed to drive back home , but one drink turned into five , and then ... everything 's a blur . 
 i glance over at the girl , sprawled naked and face-down on the sheets . 
 i should know her name . 
 hell , i should remember what her face looks like , but as usual , i 've got nothing . 
 i take a breath and try to slip out of bed without waking her . 
 it 's a low move , just bailing , but i learned the hard way , it 's worse if i stay . 
 she 'll want to go for breakfast , snuggle up to me , and make hopeful plans for dinner sometime , when everything in me is screaming to run . 
 so , i let her sleep as i hunt for my jeans and shirt on a messy floor . 
 the room is small , with photos plastered on every wall . 
 i pause by the door to check the identity of the girl , smiling out from her high-school graduation shot . 
 she 's pretty , i guess . 
 bright smile , an innocent face . 
 someone 's daughter , someone 's sister . 
 i feel sick , and it 's got nothing to do with my raging hangover . 
 i look over at her body , still slumped , unconscious in bed . 
 i should leave her a note or something , i know . 
 but what would i say ? 
 ` thanks . 
 i 'm not going to call . ' 
 no . 
 better to be gone , so she can write me off as the bad mistake i really am , and get on with forgetting me . 
 i let myself out and head down to the street . 
 it takes me a moment to get my bearings , but then i see my truck parked up the block . 
 i clamber up in the cab , still wincing from the pounding in my head . 
 i search through the junk on the passenger seat for a bottle of water , and then i find them : black lace panties , torn at the edge . 
 suddenly , it all comes back to me . 
 the flirting over shots . 
 the way she whispered in my ear . 
 how i gave in and kissed her hard and fast , hating myself all the while , but hoping all the same that this time -- with this girl -- i 'd find some escape , a way to forget my life , just for a little while . 
 but whatever i was looking for , i did n't find it . 
 and it 's morning now , and nothing 's changed . 
 i 'm still the no-hope kid of two messed-up losers who had no business being parents in the first place . 
 i 'm still stuck in some nothing small town , working three jobs to keep us all afloat . 
 still doing everything i can to make sure my younger siblings do n't wind up like me . 
 shit . 
 i grab my cellphone , already feeling a rush of guilt as i dial my little sister . 
 `` hey , brit , you ok ? '' 
 she answers sounding pissed , but i do n't blame her . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't make it back like i said . '' 
 i lean my head back to rest it against the seat , closing my eyes against the harsh glare of morning light . 
 `` is everything ok there ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' brit drawls . 
 `` there was a party , i wound up crashing at keira 's . '' 
 `` brit ! '' 
 i exclaim , angry . 
 ever since she turned fifteen , she 's been pushing hard at the few rules i try to lay down . 
 `` what did we say about your curfew ? '' 
 `` i do n't know why i have to go home if none of you do . '' 
 brit replies , and although her voice is petulant , i hear a tremble in it . 
 damn . 
 `` mom did n't come home ? '' 
 i ask , and i know the answer , even before she replies . 
 `` nope . '' 
 the guilt gets worse as i imagine brit alone in the house , waiting for mom to stumble through the door in lord-knows-what kind of a state . 
 no wonder she went out partying rather than wait up all night for someone who might not come home . 
 `` what about your brother ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` ray jay bailed in the morning , said something about a friend in mobile . '' 
 brit is silent for a second , then adds in a small voice . 
 `` can you get some cereal on your way home ? 
 there 's no food in the house . '' 
 `` sure , '' i promise quickly , `` i 'll pick up some groceries before i head to work . 
 and , i 'm sorry , ok ? 
 i should have called . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 the sullen tone is back in brit 's voice . 
 `` i 'm heading to the beach with some people later . 
 do n't wait up . '' 
 she hangs up , leaving me feeling like the worst damn brother in the world . 
 brit likes to talk tough , but i know that under everything , she 's still just a kid . 
 a kid who should n't have to deal with this shit , not if i can help it . 
 i quickly call my boss back at the bar and let him know i picked up the supplies he ordered , then i start the engine , and hit the road back to beachwood . 
 it 's an hour 's drive , and i throw on a mix cd full of angry rock songs . 
 even though the noise makes my head pound even harder , i need the noise -- anything to drown out the guilt and shame trailing me , every mile i put between myself and last night 's meaningless conquest . 
 it 's a cloudy day , and as i head onto the coastal highway , it starts to rain : a grim drizzle , spattering against the truck windows . 
 despite the weather , summer season 's already started , and soon the road home will be packed with tourists and their rental cars , heading out to enjoy the small beach town for a few weeks . 
 for now , it 's empty , save me and the car up ahead : a beat-up old civic driving fast above the speed limit . 
 i ease back and follow behind in lane , letting the music rattle through my brain , trying to numb the dirty , sleepless morning-after feeling itching in my veins . 
 i should n't have done it . 
 the bar , the booze , the girl . 
 none of it . 
 i 've been there so many times before : a different place , another girl , and it always winds up the same , with me sneaking out the morning after , feeling like a piece of shit excuse for a human being . 
 i do n't know why i keep trying , when i know how it 's going to end . 
 i guess i still have this hope , that one of these days i 'll find it : that elusive escape . 
 some moment of peace . 
 a way for the world to make sense -- and someone who understands it . 
 understands me . 
 the music goes silent at the end of the mix , leaving my thoughts way too loud . 
 i reach over to find another cd . 
 suddenly a bang sounds from the road . 
 what the -- ? 
 i look up in time to see the car in front spin wildly out of control -- skidding on the wet highway , heading straight back towards me . 
 i yank the wheel around , swerving with everything i 've got . 
 time slows as the other car skims past , just inches from the truck . 
 i feel a shot of adrenalin racing through me , hanging on the edge as i desperately try to control my spin . 
 i can see the passengers in the front of the other car as it careens past , but i ca n't make out their faces . 
 then the truck hurtles off the road and i slam to a stop in a bank of sand and mud . 
 silence . 
 i catch my breath , heart pounding in my chest from the near miss . 
 damn , that could have been bad . 
 a head-on collision , in this weather ? 
 we 're lucky nobody drove off into the bay , or worse still , wound up with their brains splattered over the windshield from impact . 
 i shut off the engine and climb down , checking to see if the other car is ok . 
 it 's come to a stop askew on the side of the highway , so i turn back to check out my damage . 
 my truck is buried hood-deep in a sandbank . 
 it does n't look too bad -- the sand cushioned the impact , but now , there 's no way i 'm getting it out without a tow truck . 
 all this , and i should have been at work an hour ago . 
 a flash of motion catches my eye : a girl is hurrying away from the other car , away from me , like she does n't even care she just nearly ran us both off the road . 
 i feel a flash of anger and start after her . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i call through the rain . 
 she does n't turn , or even slow down , so i break into a jog after her . 
 `` hey , wait up ! '' 
 i grab her arm and pull her around , her arm slight and soft under my grip . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she yanks back like she 's been burned . 
 `` what the fuck do you ... ? '' 
 her words die on her lips as she stares up at me . 
 i stare back -- taking in the soft pink of those lips , and then , slowly , everything else . 
 she 's young , eighteen or nineteen maybe , but radiating this fierce energy , like she 's wound way too tight . 
 her face is pale , heart-shaped and framed with tangled curls of dyed-black hair , but it 's her eyes that seem to sear right through me : thick-lashed jewels that lock fast on mine , not even blinking . 
 suddenly the pounding in my head stops . 
 everything stops . 
 it 's like she can see through me , like she sees everything i am . 
 i ca n't look away . 
 the moment spins out for an eternity , everything else just fading away , like we 're caught in the eye of a storm . 
 my chest tightens with a feeling i do n't recognize , some kind of recognition . 
 but that 's crazy . 
 i 've never met this girl before . 
 sense finally breaks through my weird daze and i drag my eyes away . 
 it 's like breaking a circuit : whatever weird sensation just flooded through me disappears . 
 now i 'm just stuck on the edge of the rainy highway , feeling like a total dumbass . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i demand , still holding onto her arm . 
 `` you ca n't just walk away from this ! '' 
 she pulls away , looking confused . 
 `` are you listening ? '' 
 i bark again , still on edge . 
 what the hell just happened ? 
 i 'm not the guy who drifts off like that -- especially not over a girl . 
 maybe the near-miss shook me up more than i figured . 
 yeah , that must be it . 
 almost dying . 
 not the way she was looking at me , like we 'd known each other our whole lives . 
 i wait for a response , but the girl still does n't speak . 
 concern suddenly ripples through me . 
 `` wait , are you hurt ? '' 
 i ask anxiously , moving closer again . 
 `` did you hit your head ? '' 
 i reach for her face , trying to be gentle as i cup her jaw and slowly turn her head from side to side , checking for a bruise or cut . 
 her skin is soft under my touch , and when her eyes meet mine again , something blazes between us , like a shock of electricity that wakes every nerve in my body and sets them screaming with one thought . 
 fuck , she 's beautiful . 
 the girl wrenches away from me , and something slams shut over her expression . 
 guarded , like she ca n't get away fast enough . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she snaps , putting a few steps between us . 
 in a rush , i realize what a mess i must seem to her : last night 's clothes , probably reeking of beer and smoke and hell , sex too . 
 no wonder she 's repulsed . 
 `` then you 're lucky i do n't kill you myself right now . '' 
 i try and get my head together . 
 `` what the hell was that back there ? '' 
 i demand . 
 anger . 
 yeah , that 's what i need . 
 i advance on her , glaring . 
 `` do n't you know you should n't drive fast in a storm ? '' 
 i expect an apology , maybe even some tears , but instead , the girl 's face blazes with fury . 
 `` first of all , i was n't driving , '' she yells back at me . 
 i step back in surprise . 
 `` and second , it was an accident ! 
 our tire blew , it happens . 
 how is any of this my fault ? '' 
 she scowls and folds her arms , pulling her t-shirt tight across her chest . 
 the fabric is damp now from the rain , and it clings to the shape of her small breasts . 
 i can see the lacy outline of her bra under the thin shirt , and the faint peak of her nipples . 
 lust spirals through me . 
 i ca n't stop my gaze from drifting lower , taking in the sight of her all over again . 
 the damp hair tangling over her shoulders , the slim curve of her waist , her long legs , bare below hercut-off shorts , pale skin wet and shining in the rain . 
 i have a sudden flash of those legs , wrapped around my waist ; her soft lips parted , moaning my name . 
 how would she taste ? 
 the thought whispers in my mind , but i shake it off and drag my eyes back to meet hers . 
 she looks mad as hell , standing tough there in the middle of the highway , like she would try and rip me apart with her bare hands if i touched her , despite the fact i 'm twice her size . 
 i try not to smile . 
 she 's got guts . 
 `` how are you the mad one right now ? '' 
 i ask , amused . 
 `` i 'm the one with my truck totally fucked back there . '' 
 she looks past me to where the truck is buried in the mud . 
 she shrugs , like it 's no big deal . 
 `` yeah , well we 've got a flat tire and no spare . '' 
 i grin at her attitude . 
 `` what kind of idiot does n't keep a spare ? 
 we 're miles out from anywhere . '' 
 her eyes flash . 
 `` maybe the kind of person who drives in the city , where we have little things like cellphone signal and tow-trucks ! '' 
 i drop the smile . 
 `` you 're summer people . '' 
 i say . 
 i should have figured : entitled asses waltzing in every year , acting like they own the place . 
 `` let me guess , '' the girl snaps back . 
 `` you 're a townie with a chip on your shoulder . 
 well , maybe you should save the issues until we both get out of here . '' 
 my mouth drops open in surprise . 
 i 'm about to let it rip about how she 's the one who got us into this mess in the first place , when i look around the empty road and realize , i 'm still running late for work , and fighting over it is n't going to solve anything . 
 `` fine , '' i admit . 
 `` i 'll call for norm to come get us . '' 
 she frowns . 
 `` i thought there was n't signal out here ? '' 
 the girl pulls a phone from her pocket and checks the screen . 
 `` i 've got a cb radio in the truck . '' 
 i tell her , turning to head back towards the truck . 
 `` stay there ! '' 
 as i walk away , i hear a sigh . 
 `` where else would i go ? '' 
 she mutters . 
 i turn , in time to catch her checking me out : her eyes lingering on my ass . 
 busted . 
 i grin , watching as her cheeks flush a bright pink . 
 so , she 's not a total ice princess , after all ... i know i should ignore it , just call in to norm , and get back on the road . 
 leave this girl here with whatever 's making her so pissed ; stay away from those dark , watchful eyes and those soft pink lips and all the fierce passion she has clearly just lurking beneath the surface . 
 but i ca n't . 
 i want her . 
 `` you did n't tell me your name . '' 
 i call to her , still half-hoping she 'll tell me to get lost . 
 `` you did n't ask ! '' 
 the girl yells back to me . 
 i smile , and wait another second , and then , finally , something in her expression gives . 
 she bites her lip . 
 `` juliet . '' 
 juliet . 
 it figures . 
 the girl was trouble . 
 i did n't pay too much attention in class , but even i know , romeo was screwed from the first minute she walked into his life . 
 `` i 'm emerson , '' i call back , and then i ca n't help but smile . 
 because she 's still looking like a dark , pissed-off angel there in the middle of the wet highway . 
 because for some strange reason , i feel better now , just knowing her name . 
 because when her eyes meet mine again , there 's a crackle of possibility between us , sweeter than anything i 've ever known . 
 this summer just got a whole hell of a lot more interesting . 
 `` welcome to beachwood bay . '' 
 *** the house is just the way i remember it from when i was a kid : sitting squarely in the lush , green yard like something from a picture postcard . 
 there are blue shingles and a white trim , with a wide wraparound porch and a path winding past the house , back to the beach . 
 as we pull off the back-road into the drive-way , i can see the pale sands of the shoreline through a gap in the trees , and hear the sound of the waves , crashing just out of sight . 
 the rain has passed now . 
 the scene looks so peaceful , it 's hard to believe i 've got a tight knot of dread in the pit of my stomach , just at the thought of being stuck here with my family for the whole summer . 
 `` you ok now , sweetie ? '' 
 my mom puts the car in park and turns to me , concerned . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i snap back , tearing the car door open and getting out . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 mom follows me around to the trunk . 
 `` dr. atkins gave us a prescription , for when you get these panic attacks -- '' `` it was n't a panic attack . '' 
 i cut her off , lying . 
 `` i was just freaked out . 
 you did nearly kill us , remember ? '' 
 what i remember is that guy on the road , emerson , and the total fool i made of myself stammering all over him . 
 i cringe at the memory , hauling out my duffel bag and heading up the porch steps . 
 when i try the door , it 's unlocked ; i step inside , trying to calm myself down . 
 i 've been anxious and on-edge ever since our near-crash out on the highway . 
 do n't you mean since meeting the hottest guy you 've ever seen ? 
 i pause . 
 in a flash , i can see emerson right in front of me : his dark hair wet from the rain , his shirt clinging to the muscles of his torso . 
 he was wearing faded jeans and scuffed old work boots , with the dark ink of a tattoo spiraling up across one taut bicep . 
 everything about him screamed trouble . 
 i blush , remembering his smirk when he caught me checking him out -- and the heat of his gaze as he slowly raked his eyes across my body , from my head all the way down to my toes . 
 i do n't think anyone 's every looked at me like that : with such blatant desire . 
 it made me feel naked , and self-conscious , as if he could see through my damp clothes to every inch of my bare flesh . 
 it set my blood singing in my veins , made my skin prickle with a quicksilver shiver . 
 it made me feel alive . 
 `` what do you think , sweetheart ? '' 
 my mom comes in behind me , snapping me out of the memory . 
 i quickly look around . 
 it 's like a time-warp in here : childhood photos on the walls , the scuffed floorboards laid with threadbare rugs . 
 through the hallway i can see the kitchen and dining room with their faded floral wallpaper . 
 `` just like when you were younger , right ? '' 
 `` it 's smaller . '' 
 i reply shortly . 
 she laughs , `` you 're just bigger now . 
 my baby girl , all grown up . '' 
 her expression gets wistful , and i have to duck quickly past her to avoid a hug . 
 `` i 'm going to unpack . '' 
 i tell her , already taking the stairs , two at a time . 
 `` ok . 
 i 'll bring in the rest of the stuff ... '' her voice echoes behind me as i check out the bedrooms on the first floor . 
 there are two rooms here , and a small blue-tiled bathroom , but up another flight of stairs at the back of the house , i find another small bedroom , buried under the eaves . 
 mine . 
 there 's barely room for an old dresser and a bed , but the room is light and airy , and the windows open out to a drop-dead gorgeous view of the shoreline . 
 i fling open the shutters , and heave the old sash windows up . 
 i lean out , taking a deep breath of the salty sea air . 
 the clouds are clearing , showing patches of blue sky , and i close my eyes a moment , feeling the sun burn through my eyelids . 
 i should feel lucky i know , but no matter how beautiful the scenery is , nothing can shake the twisted truth , buried beneath my mom 's cheerfulness and all her bright chatter about what an amazing time we 're going to have here together . 
 it 's all a lie . 
 the familiar panic creeps back into my body , and i catch my breath , forcing myself to stay calm . 
 i 've been getting these panic attacks for years now , off and on , but lately they 're worse than ever . 
 stress , my doctor says -- with senior year , and college looming -- but school has always been the least of my problems . 
 it 's only when i start thinking about the things i ca n't control that my chest gets tight and my skin starts to prickle with heat , and a three-ton weight starts pressing down on me , making it hard to breathe . 
 please , not now , i try and shut it down before the attack can take hold . 
 i cross to the bed and grab my camera from my bag . 
 it 's an old manual slr model , a gift from my grandpa , and by now , it 's like another limb to me . 
 i cradle the familiar case in my hands , carefully screwing on a new lens and winding on a fresh film . 
 the routine calms me , the panic ebbs away . 
 i snap the case closed , and thunder downstairs . 
 `` going for a walk ! '' 
 i yell to mom , who i can hear settling into the main bedroom . 
 i do n't stop : racing out the back of the house and across the yard until i hit the sand . 
 i kick off my sneakers and sprint down to the water , shrieking as the cold surf laps against my skin . 
 i snap photos of the deep blue ocean , tipped with white foam ; the grey clouds blowing fast across the sky to reveal sailor 's blue and a bright midday sun . 
 but no matter how much i focus on the frame , and light , and all the dozens of details that go into making up the perfect photograph , i ca n't ignore the real problem . 
 three months . 
 here , with my family , play-acting like we 're all ok ? 
 i do n't know if i can make it . 
 it 's bad enough when we 're at home : watching dad knock back his fourth scotch of the evening , rolling his eyes and insulting mom with obvious disdain . 
 worse still is the way mom does n't seem to mind . 
 she loves him , through it all , turning a blind eye to all his drinking and late nights with his tas over at the college . 
 i can stay out of it , most of the time : study late at the library , work my after-school job at the art supply store . 
 but here , together under one roof , with my older sister too ? 
 i 'm going to lose my mind . 
 the only reason i said ` yes ' to this whole charade is that mom asked me . 
 no , more like she begged , all of us . 
 for some reason , she 's got it into her head we 're going to be one big happy family for one last summer before i go off to art school in california in the fall . 
 i 'm counting down the days until i can put a thousand miles between me and dad , and carina too , but there 's one thing tainting the thought of my escape : the fact i 'll be leaving mom too . 
 the thought of her , alone in that house , with no support against dad 's bitter , drunken tirades ... it fills me with a guilt and shame that only gets stronger , the closer i get to leaving . 
 but part of me resents her for it too -- she 's made her choice , she 's choosing to stay with him . 
 choosing to love him . 
 so why should i feel so guilty , wanting to get the hell away from that toxic house and never make the same mistake as her , never settle for something so cold and silent and still ? 
 love is n't meant to be a prison like that , trapping you with fear and insecurity . 
 she could go , find something better -- hell , anything would be better than the life she has with him -- but instead , she hangs on , through everything , waiting for the affection that never comes . 
 not me . 
 i brace myself against the splash of the cold surf , breathing in the salt and wind , and the curve of the distant horizon . 
 i do n't know what my life will hold yet , i 'm just on the edge of everything , but i swear , it will be better than this . 
 it has to be . 
 i stay on the beach taking photos for the rest of the afternoon . 
 when i get back to the house , mom is asleep in the porch chair , so i scribble a note and leave it on the kitchen table . 
 gone into town to explore . 
 back later . 
 i pause . 
 i 'm still dressed in the clothes from the journey out . 
 my shorts and t-shirt are dry now after the rain , but wrinkled and scruffy . 
 i quickly race upstairs and change , picking out a pretty tank top edged in lace , and some cute blue shorts . 
 i catch sight of my reflection in the mirror as i pull the fresh shirt over my head . 
 i blush . 
 this is n't for him . 
 i tell myself sternly . 
 for all you know , emerson does n't even live in town ; he 's just passing through . 
 still , that does n't stop me dabbing on some lip-gloss , and fixing my hair in a braid before thundering back downstairs and out to the garage , to pick out one of the rusted old bicycles and push off towards town . 
 the winding back-road is empty , and the sound of birdsong and rustle of the trees in the wind is a strange backdrop after our city suburb , with the lawns all trimmed neatly , and cookie-cutter houses laid out in straight lines . 
 but as i cycle , i 'm not thinking about the scenery , or the freedom of summer stretching out in front of me . 
 there 's only one thing on my mind . 
 him . 
 emerson . 
 i roll the name around my mind , feeling that anxious flutter in my stomach just at the thought of him . 
 it 's crazy , i know , the way i fell to pieces just from one look of those midnight blue eyes . 
 when i remember the way i stuttered and stared at him in a daze , it makes me hot with embarrassment all over again . 
 and just plain hot . 
 i grip the handlebars tighter . 
 it was never a big deal in high-school , but now i 've graduated -- about to head off to college -- i 'm realizing just how inexperienced i am when it comes to guys . 
 to sex . 
 the truth is , the sum total of my romantic experience is a couple of sloppy makeout sessions in the back room of some basement party with a guy from this local garage band . 
 my friend shana was dating the lead singer , and so when it got late , and everyone else was pairing off , i 'd wind up hanging with the drummer , playing video games and killing time waiting for our friends to be done doing ... whatever they were doing . 
 but even then , hooking up with him was more curiosity than anything : an experiment , trying to figure out what it was that sent shana giggling after her guy with that knowing smile on her face ; that made the girls in school pour over their cellphones and ditch class to meet guys . 
 but the experiments never worked . 
 for all my drummer boy 's enthusiastic groping , all i felt was restless , detached . 
 i never got it , never knew what it was i was missing out on . 
 not until emerson smiled at me . 
 jesus . 
 i try to shake the thought away as i turn off the dirt road onto main street . 
 one smile -- it 's like i 'm so starved of male attention that i 'm melting for the first guy to check me out . 
 but even as i scold myself , i know it 's not true . 
 the heat in his eyes as they trailed over my body lit some answering flame in me ; nerves and synapses crackling to life with a deep pull i 'd only ever glimpsed from far away . 
 call it desire , or lust , or just plain possibility , but it was something new . 
 and now i 've had a taste , i ca n't help but look for him on every street as i cycle slowly through town , hoping to see that red truck parked on the corner , or his tall , muscular body strolling down the sidewalk . 
 i make a slow circuit down to the harbor and back , but it does n't take long for me to tour the entirety of beachwood bay , and soon , i 'm right back where i started . 
 i pull over , fastening my bike up outside mrs. olsen 's , a cute little diner i remember serving the biggest ice-cream floats i 'd ever seen . 
 i must have been seven years old back then , but when i step inside the front door and the bell rings out , i swear , it has n't changed at all . 
 red chequered linoleum covers the floor , and a jukebox in the corner plays old motown songs to the blue plate special crowd . 
 `` sit anywhere , honey . '' 
 an older woman calls from the front counter , so i pick a booth by the window . 
 just in case emerson comes by . 
 i pull out my workbook and busy myself until my shake arrives , sketching out plans for my summer photography projects . 
 i want to work on my portfolio , so maybe i can do a series on the town , or something about the shoreline , and how it 's changed ... i 'm lost in thought when the waitress brings my drink . 
 `` thanks , '' i say , and take a sip . 
 then i look down , and realize my hands are covered in dirt from the bicycle . 
 `` hey , do you have a bathroom here ? '' 
 `` right in back . '' 
 she points it out for me . 
 i leave my sweater in the booth but take my purse . 
 i guess old city habits die hard : out here , they probably all leave their doors unlocked , and give rides to strangers . 
 the bathroom is a small , two-stall room . 
 i 'm rinsing my hands at the sink when i hear a muffled sobbing noise , coming from the occupied stall . 
 i stop . 
 the noise comes again , ragged , like someone 's weeping , and doing their best not to be heard . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i ask cautiously . 
 `` is everything ok ? '' 
 another sob comes , louder . 
 i move over to the door , and tap gently . 
 `` can i get you anything ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` n ... no . '' 
 a woman 's voice replies , hoarse . 
 `` i ... i 'm fine . '' 
 i stand there , awkward . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i could call someone for you . '' 
 there 's a pause , and then the door swings open to reveal a woman huddled on the seat with tissue paper bunched in her hands . 
 she 's older , in her forties maybe , wearing a cheap red tank top and jeans , with mascara running down her cheeks and dark roots under bleached hair . 
 she looks up at me , and her expression is so hopeless , i catch my breath . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 i ask again . 
 she 's nervy , jittering , and i realize what 's wrong . 
 i 've seen it before , with my dad , every time he goes more than a day or two without a drink . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 how can i help ? '' 
 she shakes her head , inhaling and wiping her eyes with shaking hands . 
 `` i 'm fine , honey . 
 do n't you worry . '' 
 the woman gets up , and i stand back to let her past . 
 she takes a couple of steps towards the door , and then her legs give way . 
 i rush to hold her up , but her weight is too much for me . 
 i lower her gently , so she 's crumpled on the floor , leaning against the wall . 
 `` i 'll go get someone , '' i say hurriedly . 
 she does n't look hurt , but her face is pale , and her eyes are bloodshot ; her whole body trembling . 
 `` no , i 'm fine , i just need a moment ! '' 
 she protests , but i 'm already out of the door . 
 i find the waitress by the register . 
 `` i need some help , '' i say quietly . 
 `` there 's a woman back there , she 's in a bad way ... about this tall , '' i describe . 
 `` blondish hair , red tank top ... '' the waitress 's face changes . 
 `` dawn . '' 
 she sighs with recognition . 
 `` do n't worry , sweetheart . 
 i 'll handle it . '' 
 she moves to the phone , and dials a number . 
 `` is she hurt ? '' 
 i ask , worried . 
 `` only what she does to herself . '' 
 the woman 's tone is resigned . 
 `` thanks for looking out , but we 'll be fine . 
 your shake is melting . '' 
 she points to my booth , but i shake my head . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 i 'll stay with her . '' 
 the waitress shrugs , as if to say , ` suit yourself ' , and then starts murmuring into the phone . 
 i collect a wad of napkins and some ice-water , and head back to the bathroom . 
 the woman has n't moved . 
 her head is tipped back , eyes closed , like she wishes she was anywhere but here . 
 `` here , you 're dawn , right ? '' 
 i say , crouching beside her . 
 `` we 're calling someone for you . '' 
 she takes the water and sips , avoiding my gaze . 
 i can tell she does n't want to talk , so i wait in silence beside her until , after what feels like forever , the bathroom door flies open . 
 `` get up . '' 
 the order comes in a harsh voice that sends a shock right through me . 
 i recognize that voice , from just a few hours ago , but it ca n't be ... . 
 it is . 
 emerson . 
 i stare up at him , stunned . 
 i can tell from the expression on his face , he 's just as surprised to find me here . 
 he 's still wearing that faded grey t-shirt from before ; his eyes a stormy blue as he glances quickly from dawn back to me . 
 `` what are you -- ? '' 
 he starts to demand , looking so mad , i scramble to my feet . 
 `` i found her like this . '' 
 i interrupt . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't know ... they said they were calling someone , but i thought i should wait , make sure she was ok ... '' now it 's my turn to trail off into silence , my words dying as i take in the anger and harsh , flinty resentment etched across his chiseled face . 
 he looks like a totally different person to the guy i met earlier : that emerson was smirking , flirtatious , playful . 
 even when he was yelling at me about the accident , there was something confident about him , full of swagger . 
 but this emerson looks hollowed out , so tense it 's like his body could snap with just one touch . 
 hold him . 
 the thought comes from nowhere , and i fight it off , waiting until finally , emerson gives a sharp nod . 
 `` thanks , '' he grounds out , like he means anything but . 
 `` i got it from here . '' 
 he reaches down and grabs the woman 's arm . 
 `` come on , mom . '' 
 he grounds out through gritted teeth . 
 mom ? 
 `` you 're hurting her . '' 
 before i can think better of it , i rush forwards and gently help dawn to her feet . 
 `` do you think you can walk ok ? '' 
 i ask softly , looking her straight in the eyes . 
 `` sure she can . '' 
 emerson interrupts , but i ignore him , keeping my focus fixed on the woman 's watery eyes . 
 `` just hold onto me , ok ? '' 
 i tell her brightly . 
 `` easy there . '' 
 i put my arm around her shoulders , helping her along , and slowly , we shuffle out of the bathroom and back into the diner . 
 thankfully , it 's almost empty , and the family in the corner is more concerned with the toddler grabbing at their plates than us . 
 `` do n't worry , '' i tell dawn , guiding her outside . 
 `` we 'll get you home soon , ok ? '' 
 emerson 's red truck is parked out front , slung at an angle across the street like he did n't take the time to park . 
 `` i got it from here . '' 
 he tells me curtly , when dawn is delivered into the passenger seat . 
 he does n't meet my eyes , or say anything more , he just slams the door and strides around to the driver 's side like i 'm not even here anymore . 
 i stand a moment there on the sidewalk , frozen . 
 i know i should leave them . 
 this is none of my business , and god knows , it looks like he 's got enough to deal with , but something about the hollow resignation in his voice and the brisk way he shuffled her out of the diner breaks my heart . 
 he 's done this before . 
 before i can stop myself , i open the cab door and scramble up beside dawn in the passenger seat . 
 emerson looks over , his mouth dropping open in shock to see me here . 
 `` i 'm coming with you . '' 
 i say breathlessly . 
 `` i can help . '' 
 emerson scowls at me . 
 `` get out of my truck . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i reply , amazed at my sudden bravery . 
 `` i 'm coming . 
 i can help . '' 
 he glares at me , fierce . 
 `` we do n't need your help . '' 
 `` well tough , you 're getting it . '' 
 i snap my seatbelt on , and then help fasten one around dawn . 
 she 's sitting limply between us , crying softly like she 's got no energy left . 
 `` go on , drive . '' 
 emerson stares at me another moment , his jaw clenched , then starts the engine . 
 he drives angry through town , taking the corners too fast so i have to hold dawn up against me to stop her slipping against her belt . 
 i do n't dare tell him to slow down . 
 i still ca n't believe i demanded he take me with them , i just know somehow , deep down , i ca n't let him go through this alone . 
 even if he 's a stranger to me , even if hates me for it , nobody should have to go through this alone . 
 i should know . 
 emerson takes us a little ways out of town , pulling up outside a squat , small bungalow half-hidden in the woods . 
 it 's an old , run-down home in desperate need of repairs , but as i follow him to the front porch , i can see that the lawn is freshly mown , and there 's a fresh coat of paint on the door . 
 the small details make my heart twist : the sad evidence of someone desperately trying to keep things together . 
 we carry dawn inside . 
 i expect emerson to kick me out or tell me to leave now , but instead , it 's like he 's given up on getting rid of me . 
 when i send him to make some coffee , he obeys without a word , disappearing while i run a hot bath , and feed dawn some aspirin and a glass of water . 
 she sits , red-eyed in her underwear in the water . 
 she 's zoned-out now , limp as a rag-doll as i wrap her in a robe and settle her on the bed in the master bedroom . 
 she curls into a ball , ignoring everything . 
 on the bedside table , there 's a photograph in a cheap plastic frame . 
 it must have been taken years ago , because it takes me a second to recognize dawn , bright-eyed and smiling . 
 she 's got a new baby in her arms , and another blonde toddler in her lap , and standing shyly beside her is a dark-haired boy i ca n't believe is emerson . 
 i look closer . 
 the edge of the photograph is ragged , as if someone 's been torn out of the shot . 
 the sound of dawn 's breathing beside me slows , so i put the photograph back and cautiously wander out into the living room , still bracing myself for emerson 's anger . 
 the house is empty , but i see a flash of movement out in the yard , so i pull the screen door back and step outside . 
 emerson is pacing in the back yard , a beer bottle in his hands . 
 the sun is setting , and his features are shadowed in the dim light . 
 i feel a flutter of nerves , but push them down , waiting for him to say something . 
 anything at all . 
 nothing . 
 `` she 's sleeping now . '' 
 i break the silence . 
 `` she should be better in the morning . '' 
 `` better ? '' 
 emerson turns , spitting the word back at me . 
 his face is still etched with anger , his eyes clouded and bleak . 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 he demands , coming closer . 
 `` what the hell are you even doing here ? '' 
 `` you needed me . '' 
 my response is quiet and trembling . 
 `` yeah ? 
 how ? '' 
 emerson roars . 
 `` what the fuck do you know about any of this ? '' 
 he demands , furious . 
 `` you 're just some pampered brat with a beach house ! 
 what gives you the right to come into our lives , and act like you know a damn thing about it ? '' 
 `` because i know ! '' 
 i yell back , my frustration finally boiling over . 
 `` because i 've had to scrape my daddy off the floor more times than i can count . 
 you think i have n't been here ? '' 
 i demand , advancing on emerson . 
 i shove at his chest , sending him reeling back . 
 `` you think i do n't know what it 's like , getting the call to come pick him up , because he 's passed out in the back room somewhere , choking on his own vomit ? 
 believe me , i 've seen it all . '' 
 i spit , hollow from years trying to keep the truth from mom . 
 `` so quit acting like i 'm the one to blame here , when all i wanted to do was help ! '' 
 *** i stare at juliet as her words sink in . 
 she 's standing right in front of me , those beautiful lips parted with anger , her fists clenched by her sides . 
 even if she had n't just told me all of that , i would know the truth from the look of dark bitterness in her eyes . 
 she knows . 
 she 's been here . 
 she 's damaged , just like me . 
 i let out a long breath , and feel the tension slip from my body . 
 in a flash , i realize . 
 i do n't have to pretend anymore . 
 `` you know . '' 
 i say quietly . 
 she nods , sympathy softening her face . 
 `` your mom 's in withdrawal , '' she answers softly . 
 `` she 's coming down . 
 she 's shaking , and emotional , she 's trying to fight it , but the craving 's too strong . 
 what is it , meth ? 
 painkillers ? '' 
 i look away , but she keeps talking . 
 `` she 'll get through the worst of it soon , '' juliet adds , taking a step towards me . 
 `` but you 've got to be kinder . 
 she needs your support . '' 
 `` she had it . '' 
 my voice comes out twisted . 
 `` the last time , and the time before that . 
 you think i have n't seen this before ? '' 
 i ask her , hopeless . 
 `` you think i have n't tried to be gentle , and help her . 
 but it 's always the same . 
 there 'll always be another guy coming around with her fix , and she 'll always go back to it . 
 nothing i do will make a damn bit of difference . '' 
 i sag back against the porch . 
 i hate that she 's seen this , seen the worst of my life huddled and weeping in a bathroom stall , but part of me is relieved too . 
 she 's still here , after all . 
 she could have left us , any time she wanted , but instead , she came with me . 
 she stayed . 
 `` oh , emerson ... '' juliet breathes my name like a prayer . 
 i feel a movement , and then she 's standing beside me , leaning against the porch railing looking out at the darkening woods . 
 i close my eyes a minute , wishing that this could all go away . 
 that we could be anywhere but here : on this run-down porch , with my addict of a mom passed out in the next room . 
 then she shifts , and her body presses against my side . 
 it 's just a moment . 
 just a touch . 
 but that brief heat of her skin against mine sends the anger melting away , replacing it with a small wave of calm . 
 a light , in all my endless dark . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 juliet asks softly . 
 `` years , off and on . '' 
 i shrug , picking at the label of my beer . 
 the words catch in my throat . 
 it feels weird to be telling her this , when i 've spent so long trying -- and failing -- to hide it from the world . 
 but i know somehow , she wo n't judge me like everyone else in this town . 
 she wo n't whisper under her breath , and turn away . 
 it gives me the strength to keep talking , to try and explain . 
 `` i do n't even know when it started , i just know when she could n't handle it anymore . 
 i was fifteen , '' i add . 
 `` there was a douche of a boyfriend , and then he was gone , and she fell to pieces . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 it 's just a simple phrase , people use it all the time . 
 i 'm sorry i ran into you , bro . 
 i 'm sorry i was late . 
 but when i glance over at juliet 's face , so pale and determined there beside me , i can tell , she means it more than anything . 
 she does n't even know me , and still , she wants better for me . 
 it takes my breath away . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i ask , awkward . 
 `` your dad ... '' juliet shakes her head , a sharp motion . 
 `` it 's nothing like this . 
 most of the time , he can keep it together . 
 nobody notices , '' she adds in a small voice . 
 `` mom pretends ... she just keeps pretending . 
 and the rest of them ... '' she exhales . 
 `` they do n't see . 
 it 's his thing , you know : the life of the party , always having a good time . 
 if he was passed out with a cheap quart of vodka , maybe they 'd see , but it 's like , because he 's getting wasted on expensive wines at dinner , it does n't even matter . 
 like i should n't care . '' 
 `` that 's bullshit . '' 
 i say fiercely . 
 `` it matters . '' 
 juliet looks down , her pale face shadowed with years of sadness and resignation . 
 i feel anger surge through me , a primal force . 
 right now , i want nothing more than to hunt her father down and beat him bloody for putting her through this , for taking her precious beauty and filling it with pain . 
 `` i used to wonder , if it was my fault . '' 
 she whispers , glancing up to meet my eyes . 
 `` if i tried harder to make them see he had a problem . 
 if he loved me enough to quit -- '' i reach for her , grabbing her by both arms . 
 `` you know it 's not your fault ? '' 
 i demand urgently . 
 `` you ca n't save him , not if he wo n't save himself . '' 
 her eyes widen , and suddenly i realize i 'm holding her close , her body just inches away from mine , my hands digging intoher soft skin . 
 i freeze . 
 juliet blinks at me , not moving . 
 her soft lips are parted , and everything in my body screams at me to kiss her : to capture that sweet mouth with mine , pull her closer , ravage her until that pain is gone from her expression and she ca n't even remember her own name . 
 i fight it with everything i have . 
 this is all wrong , i know . 
 to want her , now , after everything we 've just shared . 
 knowing her story , understanding what she 's been through . 
 if she knew i was imagining those lips on mine , those eyes half-shut as i trail kisses down her soft throat ... she 'd think i was an animal , probably turn and walk away from me for good . 
 i should be used to it by now -- people leaving . 
 hell , i 've done my share of goodbyes . 
 but the thought of juliet being the one to turn away ... i do n't know why , but just the idea sends a bolt of pain through me , sharp enough to cut through my lust . 
 i force myself to let go of her , and take a half-step back . 
 something flashes across juliet 's face , almost like disappointment . 
 then her gaze drops to my lips , lingering there . 
 blood rushes through me with fierce heat . 
 she wants me . 
 my self-control is obliterated . 
 i reach for her again , and this time , i do n't stop . 
 i grab her around her waist and shove her up against the railing , my lips finally crashing down on hers in the searing kiss i 've wanted ever since the first moment i saw her face . 
 she 's heaven . 
 juliet melts into my arms , arching up into me as if she was made to fit against my body . 
 she tastes of candy , and sweet summer strawberries ; her hands reaching up to clasp around my neck as she kisses me back with a wild , naïve abandon . 
 jesus . 
 i plunge my tongue deeper in her mouth , tangling my fingers in the silk of her dark hair . 
 blood pounds through me , blotting out the world . 
 everything fades away under the wild chemistry blazing between our bodies . 
 there 's nothing but her , and me , and the softness of her curves pressed up against me , sending dark , wild thoughts tearing through my mind . 
 she lets out a breathy moan , and i feel myself harden . 
 wanting her . 
 needing her . 
 i grab her thighs and lift , pressing back against the porch as she wraps her legs around my waist . 
 i reclaim her mouth , kissing her with everything i have as my hands rove across her body , stroking and squeezing at the miles of soft skin and her peach of an ass , round and perfect through her cut-off shorts . 
 juliet presses her breasts against my chest , and i buck against her , the friction between us driving me crazy . 
 she 's still kissing me like her life depends on it , but i pull back , holding her in place as i catch my breath . 
 i need to see her . 
 god , she 's beautiful . 
 her eyes are half-closed , dazed by desire . 
 her skin is flushed pink , and she 's gasping for breath , reaching for me , pulling me back down to kiss her . 
 with a groan , i surrender . 
 it 's like nothing i 've felt before , the desire breaking over us . 
 a tidal wave , a force of nature . 
 every other girl , all those drunken nights , they melt away under her eager touch and the sweet taste of her mouth , taking me far away from everything . 
 wiping the slate clean . 
 this is what i was made for , i think through the haze . 
 this girl . 
 these lips . 
 this body . 
 only her . 
 desire comes over me like a hurricane , and now i ca n't hold it back . 
 my hands are everywhere . 
 wanting to feel all of her . 
 lose myself in the taste of her sweetness , and the soft silk of her skin ; the way her body shudders under my hands , and the sound of her gasps , ragged in her throat as i bury my face in the nape of her neck and run my tongue over the sensitive hollow of her throat . 
 i yank down the strap of her tank top and run kisses over the pale skin of her shoulder . 
 juliet makes a noise , part whimper , part moan . 
 sweet jesus . 
 i thrust closer , her body so soft and willing against me . 
 only the thin layer of our clothes is separating us . 
 i feel the heat , blazing through her clothes , and all i can think about is tearing them off her and burying myself inside her , right here on the porch under the sunset sky . 
 plunging into her over and over until she 's wordless and crying out my name -- `` emerson ? '' 
 a door slams , and then i hear a call , but it 's like i 'm underwater . 
 i do n't stop , too far gone in the glory of juliet 's body . 
 i kiss her mouth again , desperate to stay here , safe in her arms , where nothing is bad , or dark , or broken , and the real world does n't exist . 
 `` is anyone home ? 
 oh , shit . '' 
 juliet breaks away from me with a yelp as i finally register the voice . 
 a familiar voice . 
 my sister . 
 `` brit ! '' 
 i roar , not turning . 
 juliet is scrambling to pull her shirt back up , cheeks burning red . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i can hear the laughter in brit 's voice . 
 `` i did n't know you had , uh , company . '' 
 i 'm still panting , blood roaring in my ears , but i manage to get my hard-on under control and turn . 
 my sister is standing with her hands on her hips : five foot and fifteen years of trouble . 
 i sigh . 
 `` brit , this is juliet . '' 
 i reach for her , to reassure her it 's ok , but she ducks away from me across the porch , not meeting my eyes . 
 `` hi . '' 
 brit narrows her eyes as she takes in juliet . 
 i can tell what she 's thinking , i 've never brought a girl home before . 
 we do n't have people over . 
 ever . 
 it 's an unspoken rule of the house , a way for us to contain the damage . 
 contain mom . 
 juliet does n't reply , she just mumbles , staring at the ground . 
 `` i , um , should go . '' 
 she finally blurts , then takes off for the door . 
 she leaves without looking at me , without saying goodbye . 
 i feel a bitter wave of disappointment crash through me . 
 i fucked it up . 
 just like i always do . 
 i drove her away . 
 i had her in my arms , and i ravaged her like some fucking animal . 
 oh god , she must hate me now . 
 `` emerson . '' 
 i look back . 
 brit is watching me with a concerned look on her face . 
 `` em , are you ok ? 
 i 'm sorry i barged in , '' she adds quickly . 
 `` but the door was open , and -- '' `` it 's not your fault . '' 
 i tell her gruffly . 
 the words catching my throat , and i stride inside , slamming the door behind me . 
 the fault is mine . 
 it 's always mine . 
 *** he kissed me . 
 no , emerson did n't just kiss me , he consumed me . 
 he devoured me . 
 and i could n't get enough . 
 i lay in bed all night awake , replaying the kiss over and over in my mind . 
 the feel of his body , rock hard against me , the relentless sweet plunge of his tongue in my mouth . 
 i shiver , heat pooling through my body , my skin prickling with awareness just at the thought of him . 
 it 's too hot in here , i ca n't breathe . 
 that 's because he took your breath away . 
 i leap up , crossing to the window and open it wide . 
 the night air is cool and refreshing , but it 's still not enough to soothe me . 
 my whole body feels swollen , my breasts aching , my thighs tight . 
 i strip off my oversize t and slip back between the sheets , naked under the cool cotton . 
 i feel it slide against my body , cool where his hands had been so hot , and my stomach trembles all over again . 
 god , but that man can kiss . 
 i lay back , eyes shut , remembering the look in his eyes when he reached for me , the dark intensity that turned me molten inside . 
 even now , i feel a shock of electricity spark down my body , imagining him right here under the covers next to me . 
 his touch . 
 his lips . 
 his hands ... and then i remember the expression on his sister 's face when she found us together , and the rush of shame is so bad i have to roll under my pillows and silently scream with embarrassment . 
 what the hell was i thinking ? 
 i 'd known the guy all of eight hours , and i was this close to pulling him down on the hard wooden porch and giving him my virginity right then and there , to hell with the consequences . 
 what must he think of me ? 
 nothing good , that 's for sure : he did n't even try to come after me , or get my number , or even ask to see me again . 
 and why would he ? 
 a small voice of doubt whispers . 
 i was crazy . 
 i was possessed . 
 i was acting like a stranger , like some girl i did n't even know . 
 my thoughts whirl around my head all night , but as i finally drift into sleep , i realize the strangest part of the whole thing , why despite all my insecurities and disbelief , i feel a warm glow bathe my whole body . 
 because the truth is i did n't feel like a different person . 
 when i was holding emerson , kissing him , aching for his touch ... i 've never felt more like myself . 
 juliet . 
 the girl inside of me . 
 i was free . 
 when i wake the next morning , emerson 's kisses feel like a dream . 
 a dangerous , tempting dream . 
 i push the lingering memories away and leap out of bed , determined that despite my moment of total madness last night , i 'm not going to fall to pieces over this guy -- no matter how drop-dead gorgeous he is , or how his kisses undo me . 
 i 'm not going to spend the rest of my summer obsessing over him like some lovesick puppy , riding by his house , or hanging out in town panting for just one glance . 
 i could be just another in a long line of summer kisses ; one of the millions of girls a guy like that must have waiting . 
 i do n't know what he wants from me , and i sure as hell do n't know what i want from him . 
 except to kiss him until the world ends . 
 i spend the next few days ignoring the voice in my head whispering his name , and throw myself into summer activities with mom instead . 
 if she thinks it 's strange that i suddenly want to hang out with her , she does n't say it . 
 she happily takes us off fruit picking , and driving out to the beach , and browsing the tourist stores in the beach towns nearby . 
 whatever free time is left , i spend in the tiny photography studio , setting up my materials and developing my first rolls of film . 
 i focus on the tasks in front of me , pretending like it 's not emerson 's face i see drifting to me in the dark , quiet room , or his arms i imagine sliding around me ; his lips brushing against my neck ... `` tomatoes ? '' 
 my mom 's voice cuts through my flashback . 
 i spin around . 
 we 're at the small grocery store in town , picking up supplies for dad and carina 's welcome dinner . 
 i wanted to tell her , the food would n't be worth the effort ; as long as there 's a full bottle of scotch , he 'll be happy . 
 but mom seemed so excited , and i knew i could use the distraction from emerson . 
 some distraction . 
 here i am daydreaming about him in the middle of the produce aisle . 
 i blink back to the present . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask , trying to remember what she said . 
 `` tomatoes , '' mom says again . 
 `` for a salad , or maybe a sauce . '' 
 her face lights up . 
 `` that 's perfect , i can teach you how to make my marinara . 
 wo n't that be fun ? 
 i 'll get the pasta , you find fresh basil , and oregano too . '' 
 she disappears down the aisle before i can protest , so i slowly push the cart on . 
 i send up a silent prayer that dad and carina do n't stop at a restaurant on the way into town ; too many of mom 's special dinners have sat , going cold , as they breeze late in with bags of takeout . 
 i maneuver the cart around a corner . 
 there 's a clash of metal as it hits one coming from the other direction . 
 `` sorry ! '' 
 i apologize , and look up - straight into the blue constellations i 've barely finished day-dreaming about . 
 `` emerson ! '' 
 my voice comes out a high-pitched squeak , and i cringe from embarrassment at the sound . 
 way to go , juliet . 
 casual ! 
 `` so , umm , hi . '' 
 `` hi . '' 
 emerson stares at me , frozen by a canned goods display . 
 silence . 
 everything from the other night rushes back again , but this time , it 's stronger than ever because he 's right here . 
 in front of me . 
 the hands that held me so close , the lips that demanded everything i was all too willing to give . 
 i ca n't look away , but i ca n't think of a single thing to say . 
 my mind is blank , heart racing , and all i can do is stare up at his gorgeous face and remember our kiss . 
 the kiss . 
 `` i. . '' 
 say something ! 
 do n't just stand there like an idiot . 
 i look desperately around , and zone in on the contents of his shopping cart . 
 `` captain crunch ! '' 
 i exclaim loudly . 
 emerson looks startled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the cereal . 
 i like it too . '' 
 i babble . 
 `` i have it with orange juice , sometimes , instead of milk . 
 i know it sounds weird but , it 's actually kind of great ... '' shut up , shut up , shut up ! 
 `` oh , yeah . '' 
 emerson glances down . 
 `` it 's for my sister . 
 brit . 
 you met her when ... '' he trails off , but i know what he 's thinking . 
 when i was halfway to giving him my virginity on his back porch . 
 emerson clears his throat . 
 he looks pained , awkward as hell . 
 like he wants to be anywhere but here . 
 my heart drops as i realize the truth : he does n't have a thing to say to me . 
 in fact , he probably ca n't wait to get away . 
 damn ! 
 why did n't i see , the reason he did n't come after me , or try to track me down at all . 
 to him , it was just a kiss . 
 hell , he 's probably made out with dozens of girls , right there in that exact same spot . 
 i 'm nothing special . 
 it did n't mean a thing . 
 i feel tears sting the back of my throat . 
 behind him , i see my mom . 
 i quickly steer my cart around him . 
 `` i 've got to go . 
 umm , bye . '' 
 i speed away as fast as i can . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 mom looks past me . 
 `` nobody ! '' 
 i exclaim . 
 `` i just ran into him with my cart . 
 did you get the pasta ? 
 good , let 's go . '' 
 as i steer her away , i ca n't help but glance back for emerson . 
 but he 's gone . 
 deep inside , i feel an ache of disappointment . 
 call it hope , or maybe just foolish day-dreaming , but i felt like that kiss was the beginning of something . 
 i turn back , and tighten my grip on the shopping cart , telling myself it does n't matter , it never could have worked anyway . 
 you 'd think i 'd be able to lie just fine , with a family like mine , but it turns out , i ca n't . 
 not when i 'm lying to myself . 
 `` ugh , i 'm so bored . '' 
 carina flops beside me on the back porch and pulls out her phone . 
 she taps away at the keys , ignoring the gorgeous beach spread out in front of us , the sea grasses rippling in the evening breeze . 
 `` there 's like , nothing to do here . '' 
 `` you could go into town , '' i suggest , putting my book aside . 
 `` or take a walk . '' 
 carina fixes me with a look . 
 `` seriously ? 
 whatever . 
 we do n't even get cable tv . 
 i 'm going to demand we get it installed , i ca n't believe mom thinks she can keep us here all summer like this . '' 
 `` you did n't have to come . '' 
 i reply , already annoyed by her whining . 
 ever since the car pulled up , she 's done nothing but bitch about the house -lrb- too small -rrb- , the town -lrb- too dead -rrb- , and the `` like , criminal '' lack of ac and decent cell reception . 
 carina flips back her glossy blonde hair and rolls her eyes . 
 `` please , mom practically begged . 
 you know what she 's like , it 's so pathetic . '' 
 `` now , now , '' my dad 's voice comes , amused , as he strolls out onto the porch , carrying a bottle of wine . 
 he 's wearing a rumpled oxford shirt , open at the neck , and a pair of his threadbare corduroy pants . 
 `` i 'm sure your mother has a whole program of fascinating activities planned . 
 she would n't drag us out here for no good reason now , would she ? '' 
 carina giggles at the sarcasm in his voice , but i just feel a twist of betrayal . 
 he always does this , cutting her down , making snide , witty comments about her when she 's not around . 
 carina does n't seem to realize , and i 've long since given up trying to defend her , so i look away , out at the ocean horizon . 
 dad pulls up a rocker and opens the wine . 
 `` jeanette ? '' 
 he calls , without getting up . 
 `` glasses , if you will . '' 
 `` i can get them , '' i start to get to my feet , but he waves me back , and a moment later , mom appears with two wine-glasses . 
 she passes them over , out of breath . 
 `` dinner will be ready in just a second , '' she tells him , waiting for approval , but he just pours wine into one of the glasses and holds it out to me . 
 `` honey ? '' 
 my mom speaks up , looking concerned . 
 `` do you think we should ... ? '' 
 `` they serve wine to children all the time in europe , '' dad replies dismissively . 
 `` it 's ok , '' i interrupt quickly . 
 `` i do n't want it . '' 
 carina rolls her eyes again and snatches the glass . 
 `` honestly , mom . 
 grow up . 
 i drink all the time at college . '' 
 she takes a long sip . 
 mom gives a nervous laugh . 
 `` you 're right , sweetie , of course . '' 
 she pauses another moment in the doorway , then heads back into the kitchen . 
 i watch dad pour himself a glass -- all the way to the brim -- then set the bottle down . 
 not on the table , but on the stool beside his chair . 
 within reach . 
 suddenly , i feel an ache in my chest so strong , i have to move . 
 get up , get away , do something . 
 i leap up . 
 `` i 'm going to take a walk . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 carina snorts . 
 `` just down the beach . '' 
 i pull on my battered converse sneakers and grab my camera from beside my chair . 
 `` i 'm not hungry , so do n't hold dinner for me . 
 i 'll be back later . '' 
 carina shrugs , and dad barely looks up from his book , so i quickly head down the steps to the beach and stride away . 
 the expanse of sand is cool and empty ; i put my hands in my pockets and hunch my shoulders against the ocean breeze . 
 i dig my feet into the sand with every step , feeling the burn in my thighs , and focusing everything i have on the mantra running through my mind . 
 it 's just the summer . 
 your last summer . 
 you can make it . 
 i walk a mile along the beach at least , lost in thought until i see the faint flicker of a campfire further down the shore . 
 a couple of trucks are pulled up on the sand , tailgates down , and people are gathered nearby , dark outlines against the pink-streaked sunset sky . 
 i head closer , curious . 
 as i approach , i hear music playing , a song i love . 
 ` use somebody ' by the kings of leon . 
 the party is around my age or older , couples and groups drinking beer , hanging out . 
 it looks like a fun time , but i hesitate on the edge of the crowd . 
 i 'm not the kind of girl who can just march into a group of strangers and make friends . 
 besides , i 've still got this heavy ache in my chest , all these thoughts whirling in my mind . 
 then my heart skips . 
 i see him . 
 emerson . 
 he 's over by one of the trucks , drinking beer , laughing at something one of the other guys has said . 
 he 's wearing jeans and a dark hoodie , but even in the fading light , i can recognize those broad shoulders and the angle of his jaw ; the dark hair curling at the nape of his neck . 
 i remember what emerson 's hair felt like under my fingertips . 
 a shiver runs through me . 
 he looks up . 
 i freeze , unable to look away . 
 the music drifts out into the night , wistful chords on the wind . 
 about wanting someone , feeling so apart from the rest of the world . 
 the moment stretches between us , unbearably tense . 
 part of me wants to turn and run back to the house , but the other part ... it wants to run right to him . 
 into his arms . 
 then he breaks away from his friends , and slowly walks towards me . 
 `` hey . 
 again . '' 
 i gulp , nervous , as he comes to a stop a few feet away from me . 
 his expression is inscrutable , eyes burning into me . 
 `` i promise , i 'm not stalking you . 
 i was just , walking . 
 i saw the fire , and ... '' i gulp , lost for words . 
 how can he do this : make me forget everything but the sexy curve of his lips ? 
 i stare at them , my stomach twisting into knots as i wait for a response . 
 emerson finally clears his throat . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he says in a low , throaty voice that sends sparks shooting down my body . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 i pause , confused . 
 `` what happened , the other day , '' he explains . 
 he looks away , shoulders hunched . 
 `` i did n't know what to say to you , in the store . 
 i was out of line . 
 i should never have ... '' he swallows , glancing back at me . 
 for a moment , his face is unguarded , vulnerable . 
 ashamed . 
 `` i 'll understand if you do n't want to see me again , '' he adds quickly , looking at the ground again . 
 `` i just wanted to come over and say ... well , i 'm sorry . 
 you deserve better than getting mauled by a fuck-up like me . '' 
 he meets my eyes again , full of regret . 
 then he turns and walks away . 
 confusion crashes through me . 
 he 's the one who 's sorry ? 
 `` wait ! '' 
 i call , and start after him . 
 emerson does n't slow , so i grab his arm and pull him around to face me . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i demand , `` you 're not a fuck up , and you did n't maul me . 
 why would you say that ? '' 
 emerson blinks at me slowly through his long , dark lashes . 
 `` but , what happened , on the porch ... '' `` i wanted it ! '' 
 the words tumble out , and even though i blush to hear them , so blatant and true , i do n't stop . 
 the guilty expression on his face is cutting right through me , and i ca n't bear to have him think what we did was wrong . 
 `` i was there too , remember ? 
 i kissed you back ! '' 
 i exclaim , still holding onto him . 
 `` i could have stopped you , any time i wanted , but i did n't . 
 i wanted it . 
 i wanted you ! '' 
 emerson 's expression slowly changes as my words sink in . 
 the dark shadow in his eyes melts away , and then he 's looking at me with an intensity i 've never seen before , like i 'm something precious and pure . 
 `` i thought ... you must hate me , '' emerson mutters again , still not certain . 
 `` the way you took off like that ... '' `` only because your sister pretty much saw me naked ! '' 
 i exclaim . 
 his expression softens into a small grin . 
 `` half-naked . '' 
 `` like that 's any better . '' 
 i laugh , and just like that , the tension and uncertainty between us melts away . 
 we both catch our breath , and suddenly , i realize that although we 're right by the party -- the fire blazing , music playing loud -- nobody is even looking in our direction . 
 we 're alone , in the middle of a crowd . 
 together . 
 it 's like emerson reads my mind . 
 he glances around , and then looks back at me . 
 `` do you want a drink ? '' 
 he asks , `` or ... '' `` or ... ? '' 
 i wait . 
 my pulse is kicking , playing out a nervous symphony in my veins . 
 emerson gives me a slow smile . 
 `` or , we could go somewhere . '' 
 there 's no mistaking the look in his eyes . 
 my breath catches , but even as the voice in my head screams out , `` yes ! '' 
 i have to force myself to stop and think a minute . 
 you know what 'll happen if you go with him . 
 you know where those kisses will lead . 
 i feel the shiver of danger , but i ca n't look away . 
 my blood is running wild through my body , and already i can feel his hands on me , the memory of their sweet caress . 
 i nod . 
 emerson leads me out past the party , towards the dark shadow of the dunes . 
 i walk beside him , but i can feel the heat of his body blazing just inches away from me . 
 `` are you cold ? '' 
 emerson asks , frowning . 
 `` here . '' 
 he unzips his hoodie and pulls it off , draping it carefully around my shoulders . 
 i breathe in the clean , soapy scent of the fabric , of him , all my senses overcome . 
 his hand stays on my shoulder , and then he pulls me in against him . 
 i stay locked under the safe embrace of his arm until we 're further down the beach , and the noise of the party is distant echoes . 
 `` how 's your mom ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 he tenses beside me . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he admits . 
 `` doing better , i think . 
 she wo n't talk about it . 
 i just hope , this time ... '' he lets out a wistful sigh , then shakes his head , as if to shake off the dream . 
 `` it 's stupid , i know . '' 
 `` hope is never stupid . '' 
 i feel him shrug , still defensive , so i stop and turn to him . 
 emerson looks uncertain as i step forwards and slip my arms around his waist , resting my head against his chest as i pull him into the hug i 've been aching to give him . 
 he tenses up , but i just hold him , waiting until his solid muscles unclench , and he 's hugging me back , our bodies joined for a moment in something safe , and warm , and innocent . 
 i wonder how long it 's been since somebody held him , really held him . 
 since he felt like he was n't the one to carry his family 's burdens , and keep everything together . 
 all this time , he 's been alone in his pain . 
 i know what that 's like . 
 i know how dark it seems , fighting to stay above water , when the world is conspiring to pull you under . 
 `` you 're amazing . '' 
 i whisper , lifting my head so my lips can find his ear . 
 he makes a low snort . 
 `` you do n't even know me . '' 
 `` i know enough . '' 
 i tell him , pulling back to look at him . 
 emerson 's face is shadowed in the dark , but i can see the desperate hope in his eyes . 
 `` i know you 're brave , and strong , and you 'd do anything for the ones you love . '' 
 i swallow , knowing i 'm about to say too much , but not caring anymore . 
 if my words can make him see what i do , break through the doubt and bitterness he has built around his heart , then it 's worth it , worth making a fool of myself , if he can just understand how special he is . '' 
 i only met you a week ago , and i already know for sure , you 're a good man . 
 maybe even the best i 've ever known . '' 
 silence . 
 my words hang between us , wrapped in the gentle crash of the waves against the shore . 
 i watch as emerson inhales a ragged breath , then he 's reaching for me . 
 not like before , wild and unleashed , but gentle . 
 hesitant . 
 he touches his palm against my cheek , fingers tracing along the outline of my cheekbone and jaw . 
 i shiver , his touch like fire against me . 
 fire and ice , sending every nerve sparkling with energy . 
 he takes a step closer to me , dark gaze still fixed on mine , and it 's too much . 
 i have to close my eyes , just to focus on the feel of his slow caress , and the faint warmth of his breath against my cheek . 
 my heart drums in a wild rhythm as he runs his fingertips over every inch of my face . 
 my nose , my eyes , my lips ... his touch is light as feathers , but every new whisper against my skin sends golden sparks rushing in my bloodstream , twisting lower , pooling with sweet tension between my thighs . 
 i feel him everywhere . 
 at last , he cups his hands around me and cradles my face , so delicately , i feel like my body is about to shatter apart and spin out into the night . 
 my legs are weak , i can barely breathe . 
 everything i have is strung out , pulled taut , waiting for his kiss . 
 and then , oh , finally , he lowers his lips to mine , and presses them against me in the sweetest , most tender kiss . 
 it 's a revelation . 
 it 's the most dizzying thing i 've ever felt before , heartbreakingly pure . 
 neither of us move , or think , or breathe , we just exist in this single moment , our lips barely touching , but a lifetime of quiet hopes and secret pain passing between us . 
 time stops . 
 i swear , my heart stops beating . 
 suddenly , everything i have in the world is right here , suspended in the gentle touch of his soft lips on mine , a whole universe bound up in this one moment . 
 a promise . 
 a bond . 
 then emerson catches his breath , and pulls me closer . 
 the kiss deepens.still soft and slow , but now my hands are locked around his neck , and his fingers run through my hair . 
 i lean into him , falling into his solid , muscular warmth , and the ridge of his shoulders under my roving palms . 
 he teases my mouth open , and then our tongues are intertwined : tasting , searching , drinking in this moment like we can make it last forever . 
 i fall into the kiss like it 's gravity . 
 there 's no thought or decision in my mind anymore , only the sweet warmth that floods my system , every cell in my body set alive , racing with pleasure , and desire , and something more : a bone deep rightness . 
 i ca n't even process it , only respond from some place of pure instinct , like we 're dancing in perfect harmony to steps i never even knew i learned . 
 i was made for this . 
 to pull him closer , kiss him deeper , let everything go and just sink into the perfection . 
 i could stay here forever , i realize , through the haze of us . 
 he finally breaks away , his breath coming ragged and hoarse . 
 i can see from the look of sheer wonder in his eyes that he feels it too : whatever this is , he 's right here with me . 
 emerson wordlessly holds out his hand to me , and i take it , and follow him deeper into the dark of the dunes . 
 i would follow him anywhere . 
 *** i should stop . 
 before i pull her any deeper into the bleak mess of my life , before i lose it all . 
 i should take her back to the party , drive her home -- stay in brightly-lit places , around other people , with my hands to myself . 
 but i ca n't . 
 i could n't stop kissing her even if the world was burning down around us , if the whole universe was torn apart at the seams . 
 she 's the only thing that 's ever made sense to me , and now i 've had a taste of her sweetness , i ca n't ever go back . 
 i need to make her mine . 
 i find a private part of the dunes , away from the party noise . 
 it 's a sheltered spot facing the bay , with the sand still warm from the sun . 
 juliet pulls my hoodie from her shoulders and spreads it on the ground . 
 she sits , delicately , tucking her legs under her and looking up at me with that wide-eyed stare . 
 innocent . 
 inviting . 
 i drop onto the sand beside her , and reach for her without a word . 
 she comes to me , willingly , her soft lips pressing eagerly to mine , her tongue sliding into my mouth . 
 jesus . 
 i kiss her back , ravenous , pulling her close as her hands slide up around my shoulders , roaming across my back . 
 i shudder under her touch , and yank her into my lap , lifting her so she 's straddling me , our bodies pressed tight together . 
 fuck , she feels incredible . 
 juliet lifts my face up towards hers . 
 her skin is flushed , she 's breathless , eyes bright . 
 i move to capture her mouth again , but she turns my jaw away and kisses down the side of my neck , tiny butterfly touches that send shivers through my whole body . 
 i feel my hard-on grow , rock-hard , pressing against her , every movement making me ache . 
 i grip the soft flesh of her hips and bury my face against her neck , but it 's not enough . 
 i 'll never have enough of her . 
 i lick up the pale column of her throat and kiss her hard as islide one hand up her body . 
 she trembles as i brush my fingertips across her breast , soft at first , but my blood pounds hard and i ca n't help myself . 
 i squeeze , feeling the gorgeous ripe weight of her in my hand , and the tight nub of her nipple already hard and pressing through her clothes . 
 juliet moans against my mouth , arching to press her chest into me , so i pull her shirt open and yank her bra straps down , sliding my hands under the lace . 
 i groan . 
 her skin is warm , so fucking smooth against my rough palms . 
 i rub my thumbs against her nipples , teasing gently , then i squeeze . 
 juliet cries out , a noise of ecstasy in the night . 
 i drop my head and kiss lower , tasting the sensitive flesh , replacing my hands and fingers with my mouth and tongue . 
 i circle one nipple until she 's panting , then close my mouth around her and suck . 
 juliet yelps and grinds her hips into mine , a pressure so sweet i 'm gasping for air . 
 i want her naked , and open to me . 
 i want to plunge inside of her , drown in her , give her pleasure she 's never dreamed . 
 juliet bucks her hips again , and it 's more than i can take . 
 i let out a growl , scooping her tight , round ass in my hands . 
 i roll us , pinning her beneath me , grabbing her wrists with one hand and pinning them above her head in the sand . 
 juliet gasps , but it 's excitement i see in her eyes now , wild and untamed . 
 in a flash , i realize : she 's never felt this before . 
 i 'm the only one . 
 i 'm undone . 
 i devour her ; kissing , touching everywhere . 
 she writhes under my hold , crying out , legs wrapped tight around me as our bodies slam together . 
 i release her hands , and suddenly , she 's the one on top of me : yanking my t-shirt over my head and kissing across my chest , trailing her tongue over the contours of my muscles and sending sharp , sweet jolts of electricity through me with every touch . 
 i lay back , dazed , and stare at the night 's sky , dusted with stars . 
 i could die now . 
 i could die , right here , and be happy . 
 but not until i feel what it 's like , inside of her . 
 i roll her underneath me again , kissing her deep , and shuddering at the feel of her body yielding to mine , the heat of her bare breasts against my chest . 
 i slide my grip lower , settling one hand on her hip . 
 gently , i slide my thumb just a couple of inches under the waistband of her jeans . 
 juliet tenses in my arms . 
 i pause , propping myself up on one elbow above her . 
 she 's lying there , dark hair fanned out like a halo around her face ; eyes heavy-lidded and dark with desire . 
 my dark angel , so full of mystery and pain . 
 i stroke my thumb below her waistband again , teasing under the lacey top of her panties . 
 juliet catches her breath , but her eyes do n't leave mine . 
 they burn into me , full of wordless questions and curiosity . 
 i trail my hand across her stomach , watching it tremble under my touch . 
 i slowly unbutton her jeans , then pause again , watching her . 
 she does n't look away . 
 i dip my head to hers , kissing softly as i slowly pull down the zip on her jeans . 
 my hands are shaking , i realize , like some green kid who 's never been past second base . 
 me , emerson ray , who 's laid more girls than i can count ; struck dumb and shaking just from the sheer anticipation sliding her jeans lower , and stroking gently across the lace of her panties . 
 juliet gasps against me . 
 i stroke again , soft , circling gently between her thighs . 
 she 's already damp , wet for me through the fabric , and i have to grit my teeth to hold back from ravaging her right now . 
 i force myself back to keep up the slow touch , pressing gently , responding to every gasp and sigh she makes against my lips . 
 juliet 's body rises with every touch until she bucks against me , eager , and i finally slip my hands inside the fabric and stroke my fingers down to touch her , hot and wet and the center of my fucking universe . 
 i stop breathing , and slide one finger inside . 
 juliet lets out a whimper , but it 's a distant echo to me . 
 my heartbeat pounds so loudly , i ca n't hear a thing . 
 there 's nothing anymore , nothing except the feel of her , so tight and soft , and ready for me . 
 everything i 've ever wanted . 
 all i 'll ever need . 
 time stops as i slide another finger inside and she gasps , arching up again as i start to stroke my thumb , circling , building the pressure , moving with me against my hand as i stroke , and pulse , and cling on to the last distant thread of self-control until juliet cries out and her body shudders against me . 
 she falls , limp and surrendered in my arms . 
 i collapse on the sand beside her with a gasp . 
 her eyes are closed , lips parted as she gasps for air . 
 she 's mine now . 
 it 's the truest thing i 've ever known . 
 like gravity . 
 like endless swell of the ocean waves . 
 she 's mine , and just the idea of another man touching her now -- putting his hands where mine have been -- is unthinkable . 
 i reach and gently brush a lock of hair from her eyes . 
 she smiles against my touch , not opening her eyes . 
 `` wow , '' she breathes softly , and i feel like i just scaled mount everest in a single stride . 
 `` i 'm just getting started , '' i promise , my voice coming out a low growl . 
 she blinks her eyes open at me , questioning . 
 i grin , tracing down her collar-bone . 
 `` when i 'm done with you , you 're going to be begging me for more , '' i tell her , circling her nipple with my fingertip . 
 she shivers , and i feel another wave of lust . 
 `` you do n't even know what you 're body 's capable of yet . 
 but i 'm going to teach you . 
 you 're going to come so many times , you wo n't remember your own name . '' 
 juliet blushes , and i have to laugh . 
 she 's still so innocent , it 's like a drug to me . 
 i get to be the one to show her , every inch of her body , all the hundreds of ways i 'm going to make her come , screaming my name . 
 a noise comes , from further down the beach . 
 yells , and the sound of an engine . 
 light comes cutting through the dark , a flashlight , coming our way . 
 `` shit , '' i curse , and move to cover juliet 's body with my own . 
 she scrambles to pull her shirt back on just as the stranger reaches us . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 a voice demands from the top of the dune . 
 he beams the flashlight right at us , blinding us with the light . 
 i relax , shielding my eyes from the glare . 
 `` hell , larry , get that thing out of my face . '' 
 larry lowers the beam so i can see him , our town deputy , swinging a confiscated six pack from one hand . 
 `` emerson ray , '' he drawls , smug . '' 
 i should have known you 'd be mixed up in this trouble . 
 who 's that you 've got with you ? '' 
 `` none of your business . '' 
 i growl , but juliet steps out from behind me . 
 `` hi , '' she waves awkwardly . 
 `` i 'm sorry , we were , uh ... '' there 's silence as we all fill in the blanks of what we 've been doing . 
 `` you over twenty-one ? '' 
 larry demands . 
 i sigh . 
 this is what happens when you give a failed football star some power : they want to throw it around any chance they get . 
 `` relax . 
 she was n't drinking . '' 
 i answer for juliet . 
 `` and you do n't have to get your panties in a twist . 
 i 'm taking her home now . '' 
 i check juliet 's got all her clothes back on , and then take her hand . 
 i start up the dunes towards the parking lot , but larry steps in my way . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' he stops me . 
 `` you 've got her in enough trouble tonight . 
 i 'll get her back to her parents . '' 
 larry stares me down , waiting for me to bail -- or for me to try and tell him no . 
 for a split second , i think about ignoring him and his uniform , and marching juliet right on past , but larry reads my mind . 
 `` just try . '' 
 he tells me with a smirk . 
 `` i 've got a drunk cell at the station with your name all over it . '' 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 juliet says quickly . 
 she puts a soothing hand on my arm . 
 i do n't even realize until i feel her touch that my muscles are tensed and ready for a fight . 
 `` i promise , my parent 's will be fine . '' 
 she says again . 
 `` what can they do ? 
 i bet they never even noticed i was gone . '' 
 i force a breath out and stand down , even though everything in me is screaming not to leave her alone . 
 `` text me when you 're back , '' i tell her , taking her phone and programming my number in . 
 she sends me a final shy smile , and then follows larry back to his patrol car , but i do n't head home like i was told . 
 i get in my truck and drive behind them , following larry 's car all the way back to her house . 
 after everything we shared tonight , i have to see her home . 
 i need to know she 's safe . 
 i leave the engine on idle down the driveway , watching as larry takes her up to the front porch . 
 the lights are already on , and when the door opens , her mom rushes out , looks panicked . 
 she hugs juliet tightly and drags her inside , but her dad stands , kidding around with larry for a moment , a drink in his hand . 
 he offers one to the deputy , but larry shakes his head , and walks back to his car . 
 i wait until the lights go out inside , and my phone buzzes with a new text . 
 safe and sound xx i exhale . 
 sweet dreams , i write back , and finally turn the truck around and head for home . 
 back at my place , there 's nobody waiting up . 
 the house is dark when i let myself in , and i 'm halfway to the closet i 'm using as a room when i see mom 's door is open , and the bedroom is empty inside . 
 she did n't come home again . 
 i sink to the floor in the hallway and lean my head back against the wall , staring at the dark room and the unmade bed , and everything it represents . 
 i 've slumped here before : waiting for her to stumble home . 
 i do n't know how many nights i 've spent in this exact same spot , cursing her , and god , and anyone else i can think of for all her fucked up failures . 
 it burns at me through the long night , all the guilt and failure . 
 a heavy fire that never seems to die away . 
 but this time , it does n't hurt so much . 
 i can still feel juliet 's soft touch , still taste the sweetness of her kisses . 
 my salvation . 
 because now i know there 's her goodness in the world , the rest of it does n't seem like such a bleak wasteland . 
 you 're a good man me ? 
 a good man ? 
 i could laugh , if i did n't hope so desperately for it to be true . 
 my whole life , nobody 's seen anything in me but a waste of space , a bad influence . 
 that emerson ray , they say . 
 he did n't even know his daddy , but the man was no good . 
 and you know about his momma . 
 that boy will sure enough wind up just like them one day . 
 you hear something long enough , you start believing its true , until soon enough i figured , why not prove them right ? 
 it was in my blood , after all . 
 poisoned . 
 worthless . 
 if they thought i was past saving , then i would n't waste my breath trying any other way . 
 i would fight and screw and do what i damned hell pleased . 
 except ... it was n't what i wanted , i see that now . 
 all i wanted was her . 
 someone to look at me , and see past my bullshit . 
 someone to think i was worth a damn . 
 juliet . 
 i catch my breath , just thinking about her . 
 the way her body leapt to my touch , the innocence to her passion . 
 i 've fucked a hundred girls , but i 've never watched them like that : stared into their faces as the feeling flooded over them , pushed them higher just to know the look in their eyes as they fell . 
 it was something precious , sharing that moment with her . 
 holy . 
 i hear a creak in the hallway and look up . 
 brit has come out of her room , yawning , in pjs and an oversized shirt . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she frowns at me . 
 `` just thinking . '' 
 `` do n't break anything , '' she quips , stepping over my outstretched legs to go through into the kitchen . 
 i pull myself up and follow her . 
 she opens the cabinet , and pulls down a box of oreos . 
 gets milk from the fridge . 
 i fetch two glasses , and we sit around the table in the light from the porch outside . 
 `` ca n't sleep ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she shrugs . 
 `` mom leave a note ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 we dunk cookies in silence for a moment . 
 `` so how 's the girl ? '' 
 brit asks . 
 i play dumb . 
 `` which girl ? 
 you know i 've got them in every state , baby . '' 
 she snorts , and tosses a chunk of cookie at me . 
 i intercept , and shove it in my mouth . 
 `` the one from here , '' she says . 
 `` julia . '' 
 `` juliet . '' 
 i correct her . 
 brit smirks . 
 `` see , i knew you liked her . '' 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 `` juliet . '' 
 she mimics me , drawing out the word . 
 `` please , you do n't have to say a thing , it 's written all over your face . 
 emerson 's in looooove , '' she adds , singsong . 
 i glare at her . 
 `` how old are you again ? '' 
 brit laughs . 
 `` so when do i get to meet her ? 
 with her clothes on , i mean . '' 
 now it 's my turn to shrug . 
 `` i do n't know ... '' i say slowly . 
 `` the party got busted , larry took her home . '' 
 brit pauses . 
 `` she 's got the kind of parents who care ? '' 
 `` about this ? '' 
 i remember her mom 's face , seeing juliet escorted up the front steps by a deputy sheriff . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` must be nice . '' 
 brit says , and the wistful sound in her voice hurts me like hell . 
 i give her the last cookie . 
 `` it wo n't always be like this , you know . '' 
 i tell her softly . 
 `` yeah , '' brit sighs . 
 `` maybe one of these days , she wo n't come home . '' 
 the truth sits between us , the elephant in the room . 
 we 've both thought it , how could we not ? 
 equal parts guilt and hope , shame and anger . 
 because it would be so much easier if , one of these nights , mom did n't come home . 
 if she could just stay gone . 
 then we would n't go through this cycle over and over again : brit waiting for her to shape up and be a real mom , and me hoping for ... hell , i do n't even hope anymore , i lost that a long time ago . 
 but i 'm left to clean up the mess , every time , and when i think about a version of my life without that -- without waiting for the call to come get her , wondering what she 's gone and done this time ... what would that life be like ? 
 safe . 
 normal . 
 easy . 
 the kind of life worth sharing . 
 `` you should get back to bed , '' i tell her , getting up to rinse our glasses . 
 `` you too . '' 
 brit replies . 
 `` you need your beauty sleep . 
 you look like hell . '' 
 `` gee , thanks . '' 
 `` tough love , big bro . '' 
 brit circles the tale and wraps her arms around me in a quick hug . 
 `` be careful , ok ? '' 
 she whispers , face pressed against my chest . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` this girl ... she 's a summer girl , right ? '' 
 brit tilts her face up to me , eyes sad . 
 `` that means she 's leaving . 
 they all leave , in the end . '' 
 i break the hug , and shove her gently towards the hall . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll be fine . '' 
 but my words catch in my throat , and the question lingers , long after she trails back to bed , and i 'm alone in the dark kitchen . 
 just one week , and already , i 'm in so deep with juliet , i ca n't see the surface . 
 but what happens next week , and the week after ? 
 what happens when summer 's over ? 
 *** my mom loses it . 
 i 've never seen her so mad . 
 dad smirks his way through it the way he always does , like i 'm just a joke to him , but the minute the deputy leaves , mom flips out . 
 she yells and screams about responsibility , and strangers , and wandering off in the dark alone . 
 i stand , arms folded , and take it . 
 nothing they say can ruin the warmth i have blazing from my chest , a fierce glow of joy radiating out through my entire body , surrounding me with safety and hope . 
 emerson . 
 emerson . 
 only him . 
 `` do you know what could have happened to you ? '' 
 mom is still yelling . 
 she 's wrapped in a threadbare bathrobe , pale and drawn in the 3am kitchen light . 
 for the first time , i feel a pang of guilt that i left her to worry alone . 
 `` i was fine , '' i reassure her . 
 `` emerson would never let anything happen to me . '' 
 i hurry upstairs to bed before they can quiz me anymore . 
 when i come down the next morning -- braced for more lectures and yelling and lord know what other parental disappointment -- they say nothing . 
 i eat breakfast in silence , suspicious , listening to mom chatter about a farmer 's market in the next town , and the family bike ride we can all take along the coast . 
 i wait for the catch , but none comes . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 mom asks me with a nervous smile . 
 i look from her to dad , who is sitting there , totally disinterested , reading the newspaper . 
 they 've clearly made some deal , or , more likely , mom has decided that this is all teenage rebellion , and that making a big deal over it will only drive me faster into emerson 's arms . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i answer shortly . 
 i 'm already counting the minutes until i can see him again , but after the look of panic on her face last night , i do n't want to cause her any more grief . 
 `` whatever you want sounds great . '' 
 i spend the next couple of days sneaking texts to emerson , under mom 's constant supervision . 
 i know i 'm eighteen now , and technically free to do whatever i want , but there 's something so desperate about her mothering that the guilty part of me finds it easier to give in . 
 carina as good as ignores her these days . 
 my sister spends all her time out tanning on the beach , bitching to her friends on the phone about how bored she is . 
 and dad ? 
 well , he 's either sleeping off a hangover , or quietly drinking his way to a new one , sitting on the porch with a thick novel and a long island iced tea , `` since it is vacation , after all . '' 
 i do n't care . 
 i do n't care about anything now , not with emerson flooding my memories , taking up every free corner of my mind . 
 i find myself drifting off , lost in the thought of us together on the beach that night . 
 it takes my breath away , every time . 
 i can be rinsing dishes at the sink , or standing in line at the 7/11 for milk , and in the blink of an eye , i 'll be gone , back there again . 
 the warm sand pressing into my back , emerson 's hard body pressed down the length of me . 
 all day , i can feel the burning imprint of his hands on my skin : the soft tease of his fingertips , tracing down my torso ; the possessive graze against my breast . 
 i have to snap out of my reverie and catch my breath , blushing furiously , trying to keep the memories at bay until i 'm alone in my room and can let the scene play out to its end : emerson 's jaw clenched with tension as his fingers work their sweet magic and send me spiraling into a hot , dark world of pleasure i 've never known before . 
 `` i 'm going to teach you . 
 you 're going to come so many times , you wo n't remember your own name . '' 
 i lay in bed , hearing his low rasp like it was inches from my ear . 
 morning sunshine pools on the floor through the open window , i can hear the sound of the waves crashing on the beach below , but if i close my eyes , i 'm back in his arms , aching for him . 
 i ca n't stop my hands from playing over my stomach , circling lower , my pulse kicking as i imagine my hands are his , my searching fingers , his own ... my cell buzzes with a message , and i snatch my hands away , as if caught . 
 i roll over and grab the phone from my nightstand , heart skipping another beat when i see it 's from him . 
 i have to see you . 
 pick you up in 20 minutes . 
 there 's no question , just a statement . 
 sure and certain . 
 i leap out of bed and quickly dress , picking out a cute sundress to throw on over my bikini . 
 i stuff a sweater into my beach bag , grab my camera and wallet , then pad cautiously downstairs . 
 i 'm ready to deflect mom 's questions , but instead , i find she 's still in bed , looking tired . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 i ask , lingering in her doorway . 
 she gives me a smile , looking up from her book . 
 `` just a bit under the weather . 
 i think i caught a chill yesterday , you know how the winds get at the beach . '' 
 `` i told you to pack a sweater , '' i tell her . 
 `` where 's dad ? '' 
 `` he took carina back to the city for the day , '' mom replies . 
 `` she has that engagement brunch , one of her friends . '' 
 `` oh , '' i pause . 
 `` do you need me to bring you anything ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm fine . '' 
 mom waves away my concern . 
 `` you look nice , where are you going ? '' 
 `` just , out . '' 
 i answer . 
 `` i thought go for a bike ride , '' i add quickly . 
 `` take a picnic or something and spend the whole day out . 
 let me know if you need anything . 
 i can bring you back some soup . '' 
 mom waves away my concern . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 you go have fun . '' 
 `` ok , see you ! '' 
 i skip downstairs and out the door before she can take it back . 
 my heart races with guilty relief . 
 i do n't want her ill , but with mom in bed , i have the whole day to myself . 
 to emerson . 
 i send him a quick text to let him know the coast is clear , and ten minutes later , his red truck comes speeding up the dirt road . 
 i meet it at the end of our driveway , hopping up into the passenger side almost before he 's even stopped moving . 
 `` hey , '' i say , breathless . 
 i 've got a smile a mile wide , but i ca n't help it . 
 eagerly , i drink in the sight of him : worn white shirt pale against his golden tan , muscles taut and straining under the fabric . 
 he 's wearing faded jeans , and flip-flops , ray-bans on , and all the windows down . 
 i ca n't help but bring my camera up , and snap a photo , right there . 
 he looks like summer , like everything good and bold and dangerous in the world . 
 mine . 
 the world whispers in my mind , but i push it down . 
 do n't get ahead of yourself , juliet , i warn sternly . 
 you do n't know what this is . 
 `` hey yourself , '' he grins , easy , and slides his hand around the back of my neck , pulling me in for a long , lazy kiss . 
 my heart is racing as i taste him , mint and coffee , and something else , something all emerson . 
 last night was hot and hard , but this is slower , languid . 
 he teases my mouth open , his tongue finding mine as his fingers gently twist in my hair . 
 i exhale , sinking into him , the sun beating hot and the stereo playing something that sounds like summer . 
 `` hey , '' i whisper again , when we finally come up for air . 
 `` i missed you . '' 
 i hear the words leave my mouth and freeze , embarrassed , but emerson 's smile only grows wider . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 he puts the truck back in drive , and then slings his right arm around my shoulder . 
 i snuggle closer , reveling in the touch of him . 
 `` ready for what ? '' 
 i ask , as he turns out of town . 
 `` this is our first date . '' 
 emerson announces . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` i thought we were a long way past that . '' 
 like , three bases past . 
 i blush at the reminder , and i can tell from his wolfish grin that emerson 's thinking the same thing . 
 `` a girl like you deserves a real date , '' emerson declares . 
 `` not just groping in the dark somewhere . '' 
 `` in case you 've forgotten , i kind of liked the whole groping in the dark thing , '' i say , amazed at my boldness . 
 emerson laughs . 
 `` only kind of ? 
 sweetheart , if that was you kind of liking something , i ca n't wait to see what happens when you love it . '' 
 `` you 'll just have to find out then , wo n't you ? '' 
 i tease . 
 `` oh , i will . 
 believe me , baby . 
 i 've got plans for the two of us . '' 
 emerson gives me that look again , dark and wild . 
 he curves his lips into a teasing grin . 
 i feel a rush of anticipation , so strong i have to catch my breath and look away . 
 `` so , where are we heading ? '' 
 i ask in a new voice , fighting to keep my heart from bursting straight out of my chest . 
 `` i know a spot , inland , there 's a place to swim , and sunbathe . 
 private , '' he adds . 
 `` let me guess , it 's your regular hookup spot , '' i say , feeling a stab of disappointment . 
 `` no . '' 
 emerson 's reply is simple and honest . 
 without looking away from the road , he takes my hand and lifts it to his lips , grazing the skin of my knuckles with a kiss . 
 `` you 're the only one , jules . '' 
 i feel warmth blossom in my chest like sunshine . 
 i kick my feet up on the dashboard and sit back , in the thrilling safety of his embrace . 
 the miles fly by , in a haze of closeness and music and cool summer breeze , until emerson turns off the highway and down a dusty back road . 
 we drive out into the country , fields and overgrown woodland getting thicker as we head into nature , with not another soul around . 
 about ten miles down the track , emerson pulls off the road and parks up by the grass . 
 he hops down , and comes around to get my door , lifting me to the ground . 
 `` wait , '' i say , reaching up to loop my finger over the top of his t-shirt . 
 `` got to tip the driver . '' 
 `` yes ma’am . '' 
 emerson grins . 
 he lets me pull him down to meet me , finding my lips with his , cool and soft and sweet . 
 i lean back against the truck and just revel in the kiss , so simple , out here , away from it all . 
 we 're alone with the birdsong , and the wind in the trees , with all the time in the world . 
 finally , i let him go . 
 emerson fetches a blanket and a beach bag from the bed of the truck , and then takes my hand and leads me out through the woods . 
 we follow a dirt track winding through the trees , with wild-flowers growing and leaves shading the path . 
 `` you 'll love this place , it 's the best-kept secret in town , '' emerson tells me , pausing to help me over a fallen log . 
 `` locals only , no outsiders allowed . '' 
 `` do i need a special pass then ? '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm local enough for the both of us . '' 
 emerson winks at me . 
 we follow the path another ten minutes or so , until we reach a clearing in the trees . 
 i gasp . 
 the swimming hole is edged with reeds and moss , cool and clear in the sun . 
 a tree juts out over the water , with a tire hanging from a rope . 
 sunlight dapples through the branches , falling in bright patches on the grassy banks . 
 `` it 's beautiful ! '' 
 i exclaim . 
 `` you really like it ? '' 
 emerson looks bashful . 
 `` i know it 's not fancy or anything -- '' `` are you kidding ? 
 it 's perfect ! '' 
 i hug him . 
 `` thank you for bringing me here . '' 
 he kisses my forehead then pulls away . 
 `` last one in the water pays for it ! '' 
 he calls , stripping off his shirt and kicking his flip-flops aside as he races for the pool . 
 `` no fair ! '' 
 i protest , hurrying to pull off my dress . 
 emerson charges into the water with a whoop and a splash . 
 i follow a moment later , shrieking as the cold water hits my skin . 
 i pause in the shallows . 
 `` it 's freezing ! '' 
 i call . 
 `` scaredy-cat ! '' 
 emerson wades back and scoops me up , spinning me out into the deep side of the pool . 
 i fall in with a splash . 
 my feet find the bottom and i push back up , surfacing with a splutter . 
 `` i 'm going to get you for that ! '' 
 i yell , splashing wildly at him . 
 emerson dives under and grabs my legs , lifting me up as i struggle , helpless . 
 `` oh yeah ? '' 
 he teases , `` what are you going to do about it ? '' 
 `` hmm , '' i pretend to think about it . 
 `` maybe , this ! '' 
 i grab a handful of floating moss and algae , and shove it down on his hair . 
 emerson laughs and falls back , arms locked tight around my waist so we both plunge back into the cool , clear water . 
 we splash around until my fingertips start to pucker , then lay out on the blanket , talking quietly and basking in the midday sun . 
 i curl against emerson 's chest , lazily tracing the outline of his tattoos . 
 `` i wish we could stay here forever , '' i breathe , gazing up at the sun-drenched green canopy overhead . 
 `` it 's so peaceful , away from everything . '' 
 and everyone . 
 emerson turns his head to look at me . 
 he reaches over , and gently brushes a lock of damp hair from my cheek . 
 `` me too . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` you ever think , what you 'd be doing if you did n't have to stay here ? '' 
 i ask , curious . 
 he 's told me about brit and ray jay , about being the only one who can hold down a steady job -- or three -- to make ends meet for rent and bills . 
 emerson shrugs . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` think , '' i encourage him . 
 `` anything , anywhere . 
 whatever you want . '' 
 emerson exhales in a long sigh . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he says again , `` maybe , go to the city . 
 atlanta , or charlotte . 
 somewhere they do n't know anything about me . 
 or my mom . '' 
 he trails off , thinking . 
 `` i like it at the bar , '' he adds . 
 `` jimmy 's a good guy , but we could do more , to bring in business . 
 maybe i 'd like to have my own place someday . 
 something that 's all my own . '' 
 `` you will . '' 
 i lean over and kiss him on the shoulder . 
 he shrugs again . 
 `` it 's stupid , i probably should n't even think about it . '' 
 `` what did i tell you ? '' 
 i sit up now , looking down at him . 
 i place my hand on his chest , above his heart , feel the steady beat , strong and true . 
 `` well ? '' 
 i prompt , waiting . 
 his lips curve in a soft grin . 
 `` it 's never stupid to hope , '' he repeats my words back at me , but there 's still a reluctance there , like he does n't really believe it . 
 my heart aches for him . 
 sometimes hope is all that gets me through , hope that one day , i can make a life for myself without the coldness , and rejection , and insecurity i 've lived with ever since i was old enough to notice it . 
 hope 's been my constant friend , the light at the end of the tunnel . 
 but emerson gave up on hope , a long time ago . 
 he does n't even think he has the right , anymore . 
 i 'll just have to hope enough for the both of us . 
 `` you can do it , one day . '' 
 i lean down , and gently drop a kiss on his eyelids , his nose , along the line of his jaw . 
 `` i believe in you . '' 
 emerson tightens his arms around me , holding me against his chest for a moment . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i feel the question as a rumble . 
 `` college in california , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 there 's silence . 
 suddenly , the future is a loaded gun , waiting for someone to pull the trigger . 
 i lay there , feeling the rise and fall of his chest . 
 funny , how just a couple of weeks ago , california was all i could think about . 
 finally getting away and putting the whole country between me and my past . 
 but now , that distance would divide me from emerson , too . 
 thousands of miles away from his kisses , hours from his heartbeat . 
 i feel a chill cut through the warm haze of this perfect day , and i can tell from the new tension in emerson 's body , he feels it too . 
 two weeks . 
 how can things change so completely in two weeks ? 
 or , even less than that . 
 a day , the first day i met emerson . 
 the very first moment . 
 we were strangers . 
 i walked around in this world , not even knowing he existed , and now leaving the arms currently wrapped around me seems almost unthinkable . 
 i belong here , i know it , with every instinct in my body . 
 it 's too much to think about right now , not when we 're having such a blissful time . 
 i push all my worries down , and trace the tattoos that wind across emerson 's bicep and side . 
 `` i should get one , '' i decide . 
 `` a bird maybe . 
 a sparrow , or a blue jay . '' 
 `` jaybird , huh ? '' 
 emerson repeats it with a smile . 
 `` you sure you 're up for it ? 
 hurts like a motherfucker , '' he warns me . 
 `` i can take it . 
 i 'm strong . '' 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 emerson laughs , rolling suddenly to pin me beneath him . 
 my pulse skips , feeling his delicious weight pressing into my wrists , my hips . 
 his mouth grazes down my throat , and i shiver , staring up at the trees above us . 
 `` sure . 
 i could take you in a fight , '' i tease , closing my eyes . 
 his tongue blazes a trail down my chest , nudging my bikini top aside . 
 i let out a soft moan as he licks around my nipple , soft and hot against my cool skin . 
 his body tenses above me , fingertips digging into my flesh , and i marvel i have this effect on him . 
 the dark look in his eyes is just for me . 
 the catch in his breath , the low groan as i buck my hips up against him ... i 'm doing this . 
 i 'm driving him wild . 
 suddenly , i push my wrists out , breaking his hold . 
 i flip , rolling on top of him so i 'm straddling his lap . 
 i pin his wrists against the blanket , looking down at him with a teasing smile . 
 `` see ? '' 
 i tell him , laughing . 
 `` i 've got you now . '' 
 `` you sure about that ? '' 
 emerson thrusts his hips up against me , and now it 's my breath that 's catching , feeling the friction , the ache twist tighter . 
 yes . 
 he breaks my hold , the weight of my grip nothing to him . 
 he sits up , wrapping his arms around me , trapping my arms across my chest . 
 i 'm caught , helpless in his lap , feeling the heat of his body all the way through me . 
 `` surrender ? '' 
 he teases , grazing his lips along my jaw . 
 i twist to try and kiss him , but he ducks back , holding me in place , forcing me to wait . 
 my heart races . 
 desire is flooding through me , unfamiliar , but sharp and hot in my veins . 
 i want more of him . 
 all of him . 
 my body is aching , a way i 've never felt before , and everything i want is right here , in emerson 's eyes . 
 `` make me , '' i whisper . 
 his eyes flash dark , and then he 's tumbling me to the blanket again , body hard against me , and california and my future is far , far away again . 
 *** we spend hours out by the swimming hole , talking and kissing and touching . 
 but neither one of us bring up the future again , and no matter how close we come to going all the way on that old blanket , i hold us back from the edge . 
 it does n't make sense . 
 she 's ready for it : curious and gasping under my kisses . 
 all i want is to possess her , completely , but something stops me from taking that leap . 
 i tell myself it 's to protect her : make sure she 's truly ready , before crossing the one line she ca n't take back . 
 the secret is , it 's not her heart i 'm protecting here . 
 it 's mine . 
 `` i do n't want to go home , not just yet . '' 
 juliet sighs , as i drive us back to beachwood . 
 i look over . 
 she 's heartbreakingly beautiful , sitting with her feet up in my passenger seat . 
 her damp hair is drying in the breeze , and the afternoon sun warms her skin . 
 she 's smiling over at me , so carefree it hurts , and for a moment , i think about skipping our exit on the highway and just driving forever . 
 her and me , and the open road , nothing holding us back . 
 but we ca n't . 
 i have brit and ray jay , and my mess of a mom , and she has a tomorrow planned out that 's got nothing to do with me . 
 pain strikes through me , just thinking of her plans . 
 `` so what do you want to do ? '' 
 i ask , reaching over and taking her hand . 
 i squeeze it tight , like i can hold her here , right in this moment , forever . 
 `` we could go back to mine , have dinner with brit ? '' 
 i suggest . 
 juliet brightens , but then she pauses . 
 `` are you sure that would be ok ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 i bring her hand to my lips . 
 `` she was bugging me about meeting you again . '' 
 juliet laughs . 
 `` ok then , '' she agrees shyly , `` that sounds great . '' 
 i take the turn out to my house , trying to ignore the other stuff my sister said about juliet . 
 she 's a summer girl . 
 that means she 's leaving . 
 maybe we could be different , i argue with myself , silent as juliet hums along with the radio . 
 maybe we could be long-distance , while she 's still in school , and then ... then what ? 
 a cruel voice mocks . 
 you 've known this girl ten days . 
 you think she 's going to give up her future , after just a few kisses ? 
 for someone like you ? 
 i tense . 
 today was like a perfect bubble , where the real world did n't exist , but now , driving down the same old streets in the same old town , reality comes crashing back with all its doubts and cruel whispers . 
 `` you ok ? '' 
 i turn . 
 juliet is looking at me , her forehead creased in a frown . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i lie . 
 `` great . 
 just wondering if we 've got any groceries in the house . '' 
 `` we 'll manage something . '' 
 she beams at me , happiness radiating from her whole body . 
 i want to bottle it , drink it down , anything to stop my doubts raging to the surface and ruining this day . 
 but when i turn down my driveway and see a beat up old nissan slung , doors open , in front of the house , i know , the day is already ruined . 
 `` stay in the truck , '' i growl at juliet . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 i reply , i just scramble down from the cab and charge across the front lawn . 
 the front door is wide open . 
 i stride into the house , fists already clenched at my sides . 
 and there he is : artie keller , the low life piece of junkie trash . 
 the man who got my mom hooked into all this misery in the first place . 
 he 's got his back turned to me , trying to lift our shitty-ass excuse for a tv from the console . 
 i cross the distance between us in a few short strides and smash his face with a hard right hook . 
 he reels back , blood spurting from his nose . 
 `` what the fuck are you doing in my house ?! '' 
 i roar . 
 i grab him by the throat , shoving him up against the wall . 
 artie gasps for air , his beady eyes bugging out of his head . 
 `` well ? '' 
 i yell , shoving him back again . 
 his skull bounces against the plyboard , and i hear the crack with grim satisfaction . 
 blood is pounding in my ears , and all i can think is how much pain this sniveling excuse for a man has caused this family , how easy it would be to end him for good . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i hear a yell behind me , but i do n't turn . 
 i slam artie against the wall again , watching the blood gush down his face . 
 when i was younger , he seemed so big , but now he 's nothing in my grip , skin and bones . 
 `` emerson , stop ! '' 
 there 's a hand on my arm , pulling me away . 
 i finally drop artie and he crumples to the ground . 
 i turn , breathing hard , expecting brit or juliet . 
 but it 's my mom . 
 tired , and strung out , eyes wide with horror . 
 she lets out a sob , and pushes past me , going down on her knees by artie 's bloody body . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 she cries . 
 `` what ... ? '' 
 i 'm reeling . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 mom , he was stealing our stuff ! 
 why did you even let him in ? '' 
 my rage flares brighter . 
 `` did he hurt you ? '' 
 i demand . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 she ignores me and fusses over him , whimpering apologies . 
 `` i 'm sorry , baby , i 'm so so sorry . '' 
 artie groans , still conscious . 
 she helps him to his feet . 
 that 's when i see the duffel bag by the door . 
 the box filled with photo frames and junk . 
 i stumble back . 
 the truth is so clear , i should have seen it coming . 
 i 'm so fucking stupid . 
 `` you 're leaving . '' 
 i say , voice thick with disgust . 
 i stare between them : mom , looking away from me , ashamed and broken . 
 and artie , sneering . 
 smug . 
 `` sorry , kid , '' he drawls . 
 `` guess she could n't stay away from me . '' 
 fury blazes again , and i move to smash his face in . 
 mom blocks me , hands to my chest , pushing me back . 
 `` please , baby , no ! '' 
 she cries . 
 `` do n't be like this ! '' 
 `` how the fuck else am i supposed to be ? '' 
 i yell , powerless and hating it . 
 i ca n't believe she 's defending him , this worthless piece of garbage . 
 that she 's choosing him . 
 over us . 
 mom does n't speak . 
 she helps artie to the door . 
 leaving . 
 pain splinters through me , so sharp i can hardly breathe . 
 `` what am i supposed to tell brit ? '' 
 i demand . 
 `` or ray jay ? 
 what about them ? 
 they 're still just kids ! '' 
 mom turns back with a sob . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i ca n't ... i just ca n't . 
 staying here , letting you all down . 
 i ca n't do it anymore . 
 it 's for the best , you have to see that . '' 
 `` do n't worry , kid . '' 
 artie sneers at me . 
 `` i 'll take real good care of her . '' 
 i snap . 
 i let out a roar and charge right at him . 
 i bend low and tackle , head butting into his torso as we fall out of the front door and down the front steps . 
 i roll on top of him , and unleash it all , raining down blows on his face , his neck . 
 pounding . 
 furious . 
 mom 's screams blur into the background . 
 my knuckles smash against his skin , tearing it back to the bone . 
 artie gurgles , choking on his own blood . 
 i ca n't stop . 
 all i want is to end him , to break this hold he has over her , to keep her from walking away . 
 `` emerson ! '' 
 another voice screams . 
 `` emerson , stop ! 
 you 're killing him ! '' 
 two arms reach around me . 
 i struggle , but the fight is leaving me now . 
 `` please , '' i hear them beg me . 
 through my haze , i recognize the voice . 
 juliet . 
 `` please do n't do this . '' 
 artie lays there , groaning , eyelids flickering . 
 a shell of a man . 
 a fucking parasite . 
 i could kill him , right now . 
 but what would that make me ? 
 i stop . 
 juliet pulls me off him . 
 i fall to my hands and knees on the grass , gasping . 
 she sits beside me , pulls my head into her lap . 
 i do n't move . 
 all my rage is gone now , leaving nothing but despair . 
 she 's finally leaving . 
 `` it 's ok , '' juliet murmurs , stroking my hair . 
 `` everything 's going to be ok . '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 i do n't look to see mom take artie over to the car . 
 i lay there , crumpled , empty , listening to the sound of her going back to the house , getting her things , closing the car door behind her . 
 the engine starts . 
 `` emerson ? '' 
 juliet 's voice is shaking . 
 `` let her go . '' 
 i manage . 
 `` she wants to go . '' 
 i lay there in juliet 's arms , listening to mom drive away . 
 it should be a relief , after all the midnight whispering me and brit have done , but instead , it just feels like betrayal . 
 like a dark cloud , blotting everything good from the sky . 
 she left . 
 they all leave , in the end . 
 my pain hardens in my chest . 
 i know now what i have to do . 
 i sit up , and take a shuddering breath . 
 bracing myself . 
 `` i told you to stay in the truck . '' 
 `` emerson ... '' juliet 's staring at me , wary . 
 i get to my feet . 
 i hate that she 's seen me like this , but maybe it 'll help . 
 she 'll know exactly the mess she 's escaping , have no time for regret . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i barely look at her . 
 `` i 'll take you home now . '' 
 `` i can stay . 
 you need ... . 
 you need to talk about what just happened . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 my voice spits it , harsh . 
 `` i want to be alone . 
 i need to talk to brit , and find ray jay . . 
 it 's family stuff , ok ? '' 
 i start for the truck without looking at her , sit up in the driver 's seat until she climbs in . 
 i stare at my knuckles : raw and covered with blood . 
 his or mine , i do n't know . 
 i do n't care . 
 i wait until she 's buckled in , then i start the engine . 
 `` wait a minute , '' juliet says . 
 she reaches out and puts her hand on my arm , soft . 
 soothing . 
 `` you 're hurt , let me bandage up your hand -- '' `` no ! '' 
 it comes out a roar . 
 `` you should n't be here . 
 this is none of your fucking business , so just let me take you home , ok ?! '' 
 i hear her soft intake of breath , but i ca n't bear to look and see the hurt on her face . 
 i keep my eyes fixed on the road ahead , all the way back to her house . 
 i pull up in the driveway , and wait for her to get down . 
 `` emerson . 
 emerson , look at me ! '' 
 juliet yanks my arm and forces me around . 
 she bites her lip , eyes wide and full of such tender sympathy i almost break , but i ca n't . 
 this is for the best . 
 `` go . '' 
 `` not until i know when i 'm seeing you again , '' she insists . 
 `` i can come over later tonight . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` tomorrow then . '' 
 her jaw is set . 
 firm . 
 frustration boils up in me , edged with guilt and shame . 
 why ca n't she be like the other girls : easy to walk away from ? 
 why does she have to be stubborn , and strong , and look at me like she actually gives a damn ? 
 `` do n't you get it , jules ? '' 
 i demand . 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 be with you . 
 you saw what happened back there ! '' 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 her answer shocks me . 
 juliet 's eyes flare , determined . 
 `` you do n't get to push me away because of your fucked up family . 
 i know what it 's like , remember ? 
 i can help you . 
 let me be there for you , it 's what girlfriends are supposed to do ! '' 
 `` girlfriend ? '' 
 i give a hollow laugh . 
 `` so , what , we go steady for a couple of months ? 
 i take you out on dates and kiss you goodnight on the front porch ? '' 
 juliet looks down . 
 `` it worked today . '' 
 `` today was a dream . '' 
 i tell her bitterly . 
 `` a fucking fantasy . 
 do n't you get it ? 
 that 's not my life , it never will be . '' 
 `` you do n't know that . '' 
 juliet 's voice twists . 
 `` us , together , it could change things . 
 it 's already changed me ! '' 
 my heart clenches . 
 `` and then what ? '' 
 i finally meet her eyes , desperate . 
 `` what happens at the end of summer , jules ? 
 what happens when you go ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` i 'm trying to do the right thing , '' i explain , hating the pain on her face . 
 `` if we stop this before we get in any deeper ... '' she gives me a small smile . 
 twisted . 
 rueful . 
 `` i 'm already in . '' 
 she says . 
 i close my eyes and grip the steering wheel tighter , to stop from grabbing her , kissing her , making it all go away . 
 when i 'm touching her , it 's the only time my life makes sense , but it 's a false promise of a tomorrow i can never have . 
 `` go . '' 
 i say it again , clinging to the certainty of the harsh syllable . 
 `` you 'll see , you do n't know what you 're saying . 
 it 'll only be worse , in the end , if we pretend like this can ever be real . '' 
 i wait , and when i hear the door open , and feel the warmth of her body slide away from me , i swear , my heart breaks right there in my chest . 
 she walks away , slowly , and i watch her go . 
 i try to imprint her on my memory : every detail , every moment of perfection . 
 then i drive away . 
 grief presses down on my chest . 
 grief , and guilt , and hopeless despair . 
 juliet was wrong . 
 sometimes , it is stupid to hope -- at least , for someone like me to hope for someone like her . 
 look where it 's gotten me now . 
 *** i cry for three days straight . 
 i do n't even leave my room , i just lay there , curled under the covers , feeling the pain rip through me in an endless swell . 
 i turn it over in my mind every way i can , but there 's no way around it . 
 emerson 's right . 
 what happens at the end of summer ? 
 if i 'm feeling this wretched now , like my heart has been cleaved clear in two , then how about once we 're even closer ? 
 when we 've had weeks of perfection like that day by the swimming hole ; whole nights spent wrapped in each other 's arms ? 
 i feel like i 'm missing a part of myself even now , not being with him . 
 how could i ever bear to leave him , when summer finally comes to an end , and i have to leave for college ? 
 maybe this is for the best , i try to tell myself . 
 if i look at things clearly , then of course , it makes sense : like ripping the band-aid off in one go , instead of dragging out the pain through a long , doomed goodbye . 
 but the ache i feel without him does n't make any sense to me at all . 
 my whole body feels wrong , like i 've been split apart and put back together , but the pieces do n't fit right anymore . 
 what i told him was true : he changed me . 
 something happened between us , more than sense or logic can explain . 
 i saw my future in him , that first day on the highway ; felt a connection that should n't ever be broken . 
 and now it has , i ca n't go back to the girl i used to be , not even if i tried . 
 `` honey ? '' 
 my mom taps on the door and swings it open . 
 `` i brought you some lunch . '' 
 `` i 'm not hungry . '' 
 i tell her , muffled from under the duvet . 
 `` i made pb and j , with the crusts cut off . '' 
 she comes to sit on the edge of the bed . 
 `` and there 's milk too . 
 oh , sweetie , '' she sighs , pulling back the covers . 
 `` you need your strength , this is n't healthy . '' 
 i want to tell her to go , but my stomach lets out a rumble , so i reluctantly pull myself into a sitting position and reach for the food . 
 mom watches me , cautious . 
 i did n't say much , but i can tell , she knows . 
 `` maybe you can come down and sit on the porch ? '' 
 she suggests brightly . 
 `` it 's a lovely day outside . '' 
 `` i do n't know ... '' `` you need to get up out of that bed , and do something . '' 
 mom says firmly . 
 `` nothing 's going to get fixed unless you make it fixed . '' 
 i stop . 
 she 's talking about my broken heart , about time , and moving on , i know.life without emerson . 
 but her words spark something in me . 
 i sit up a little higher . 
 `` ok . 
 after i 'm done eating , i 'll come down . '' 
 `` that 's my girl . '' 
 i sit on the porch all afternoon , watching the tide roll in . 
 i think about emerson , but this time , it 's not grief , or hopelessness circling endlessly in my mind . 
 this time , i think clearly . 
 i 'm trying to find an answer . 
 we 're meant to be together . 
 it 's simple , and sure , maybe even naïve , but it 's the truest thing i 've ever known . 
 he 's mine . 
 i 'm his . 
 we belong to each other now , and i just have to find a way to make him see it , see that he deserves to be happy as much as anyone , that we can make this work , for real . 
 because the alternative -- life without him -- hurts too much to even bear . 
 i stare out at the ocean , all these questions racing in my mind . 
 soon i see , there 's someone out in the ocean , a surfer . 
 i can make out the pale strip of his board as he sits , bobbing on the surface , waiting for a wave . 
 but the whole afternoon , he never takes one . 
 i see him paddling furiously , every time a swell comes through . 
 he lines up his board with the oncoming wave , gets into position , and then ... just lets it roll by . 
 i wonder what 's holding him back . 
 fear , getting the best of him , before he can let go . 
 i know how he must feel . 
 i always promised myself i would n't be like my parents : i 'd love bravely , no matter what the cost . 
 but looking into my future , so many decisions to be made , i can see , how sometimes it 's easier just to let the wave pass you by . 
 you can tell yourself it 's not the right one , that you 're playing it safe , that it 's too much to take . 
 and maybe , you 're right . 
 but you stay there , bobbing on the surface . 
 you never know what it 's like , to take flight and soar , propelled on by something bigger than yourself . 
 i want that . 
 i want emerson . 
 and i do n't care how . 
 i feel the certainty flood through me , as if there was ever any doubt . 
 he 's all that counts in the world to me . 
 college , the future , it 's all just details . 
 there are other schools , other cities . 
 but there will never be another him . 
 i find my phone , and with shaking hands , i dial . 
 voicemail . 
 `` emerson ? '' 
 my voice is trembling , but i do n't stop . 
 i have to say it , it 's the only thing i have left . 
 i take a breath and let it spill out in a rush . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i stop , hearing the words out loud . 
 it sounds so simple , but it means everything in the world to me . 
 i let out a self-conscious laugh , `` i know , it 's wrong to be saying that to your voicemail , but , you need to hear it . '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` i want to be with you , emerson . 
 that 's all that matters to me . 
 we 'll figure out the rest together . 
 just , come to me . 
 i 'll be in my darkroom . 
 i ... i do n't want to be alone anymore . '' 
 i hang up , my heart racing . 
 he could say no . 
 he could keep pushing me away . 
 but somehow , i know that does n't matter . 
 i 'm not giving up on him , not like everyone else in his life . 
 he thinks i 'm going to leave because the rest of them always do , but i wo n't . 
 i 'm staying right here , as long as it takes . 
 i 'll make him see , we 're all that matters now . 
 *** she loves me . 
 after everything . 
 after seeing my life laid bare , all the mess , and pain , and twisted shadows that come with it , everything i 've been ashamed of for so long . 
 i do n't deserve her , i know . 
 she 's seen the worst of me : the brute animal , the demons unleashed . 
 she 's seen it all . 
 still , she loves me . 
 there 's no choice , not a moment of doubt . 
 i do n't stop , even for red lights . 
 *** i carefully soak the last photograph in the chemical bath . 
 my hands are shaking , my whole body wound tight with nervous anticipation . 
 i ca n't help but glance at my watch again , struggling to make out the time in the dim darkroom light . 
 soon . 
 as soon as i hung up from emerson 's voicemail , i took a shower and changed : picking out pretty underwear , and my favorite sundress ; lip gloss , and a ponytail . 
 i felt like i was dressing for a date , or graduation , but this is even bigger . 
 i 'm on the edge of something , the rest of my life , right now . 
 once he 's here , there 'll be no going back . 
 i try and distract myself with the photos . 
 i lift the final print out of the liquid , and pin it to the line to dry . 
 it 's emerson , the photo i took during our perfect day together . 
 he 's in the driver 's seat , lounging back , one hand on the wheel . 
 he 's grinning at me , so relaxed and free , i can hardly believe he 's the same guy i saw pummeling that dead-beat dealer , driving his fists into the other man 's face over and over until i thought he 'd leave him dead on the ground . 
 my heart broke for him , watching his mom leave , but even more , for the look of grim resignation on emerson 's face , the betrayal and hurt he would never speak . 
 i vow to myself , to never let him feel that way again . 
 i can love him , and protect him from the pain . 
 we can heal each other . 
 i feel a sudden shiver , and i know he 's here , even before the shed door opens and evening light comes flooding in . 
 `` close it , quick ! '' 
 i cry . 
 emerson steps inside and slams it shut . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` the photos , '' i check them , and let out a sigh of relief . 
 `` it 's ok , the chemicals have set . 
 you have to develop them in total dark , '' i explain , `` or else the paper gets exposed , and nothing prints . '' 
 he comes closer to me in the dark , and i catch my breath . 
 the photos distracted me for a moment , but now he 's right in front of me , and everything comes flooding back . 
 all my nerves , and hopes , the love swelling in my chest . 
 and desire . 
 emerson stops , a step away from me . 
 his body looms in the shadows , dark eyes glittering in the red beam of the safety bulb . 
 `` what you said , in your message ... '' he trails off , `` did you mean it ? '' 
 there 's a twist in his voice , full of hope . 
 i close the distance between us , and place both palms on his chest . 
 i can feel his heart racing through the fabric of his shirt , a wild rhythm that matches my own . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i vow . 
 i look up into his eyes , and feel the sense of pure rightness wash over me . 
 this is exactly where i 'm supposed to be . 
 with him . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i say it softly , tracing one hand up to touch his jaw . 
 i run my fingers over his lips , those lips that send me to heaven with the faintest kiss . 
 `` i know it seems impossible , but , it 's the only thing that 's real to me . 
 i want you , '' i add , my voice sounding calm and sure despite the butterflies in my stomach . 
 `` i want everything . '' 
 emerson 's eyes flash in recognition , but still , he does n't move . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 his voice is hoarse . 
 `` because if we ... you ca n't take it back . '' 
 his body is tight , and full of tension under my hands . 
 all his power , held back , strung out on the most delicate of wires , waiting to be unleashed . 
 `` i do n't want to take it back , '' i 'm dizzy , inhaling the scent of him . 
 my legs are weak , just from being so close , but i need him to let go , to surrender to the force that is so much bigger than the both of us . 
 i press closer against him , and emerson clenches his jaw . 
 `` i want to belong to you . '' 
 i tell him , clear . 
 `` always . '' 
 i bring my face closer , closer to his , until our lips are just inches apart . 
 `` take me . '' 
 i breathe as my mouth finds his . 
 `` i 'm yours . '' 
 emerson lets out a tormented groan , and then his control is gone , all restraint lost as he sweeps me into his arms , his lips crashing down on mine in a searing kiss that shocks right through me . 
 he slams me up against the cabinet , devouring me with his mouth , his body , his hands . 
 i clutch eagerly to him , overcome by my hunger , to know every part of him ; feel everything . 
 he lifts me as if i weigh nothing , and i wrap my legs tight around his waist . 
 i kiss him back with everything i have , already pulling his t-shirt over his head so my hands can roam across the warm skin of his shoulders , his back , his chest . 
 i slide my hands over the smooth planes , marveling at the taut , hard muscles . 
 the beauty of him . 
 emerson breaks the kiss , yanking my dress straps down and raking his tongue across my breasts . 
 i gasp , the sensation rippling through me , a thick pull that itches in my veins and pools with an ache between my thighs . 
 i thrust against him , reckless , wanton , loving the feel of his mouth closing around my nipple , teasing and toying until i 'm crying out for more . 
 emerson lifts me away from the wall , and we fall to the floor in a tangle of limbs and hot , greedy kisses . 
 i lick across his chest , savoring the taste of his skin , and the way his whole body flinches under my mouth . 
 he shoves my dress down , yanking it off the whole way so i 'm trapped beneath him in just my lace bra and panties . 
 exposed . 
 he catches his breath , looking down at me with a fierce tenderness in his gaze . 
 `` god , you 're beautiful , '' he breathes , and then he 's kissing me again , hard and fast until there 's nothing left in my mind and all i can feel is the tantalizing thrust of his body against mine and the delicious sensation of his bare chest pressing against my breasts . 
 he tears off my bra , groaning into my mouth as his hand slides between my thighs . 
 i cry out . 
 i 'm wet for him , aching , and i sob with relief as his fingers find me , rubbing gently , searching , teasing me until i 'm bucking wildly in his arms . 
 `` now , '' i gasp , pulling away to grip his face in both my hands . 
 i stare at him , panting and desperate for something i 've never even known . 
 `` i want all of you , i need to know ... '' i break off , helpless . 
 there are no words to explain how i feel , how this desire is consuming me , and i 'm lost in the glorious flames . 
 but i see it , in the dark intensity of his eyes , emerson feels it too . 
 he rolls off me , just for a moment , and pulls a condom from his pocket . 
 then he strips off his jeans and underwear , returning to lie beside me , his body hot against my skin . 
 he kisses me again , tender , and slowly moves me into position . 
 i lay beneath him , and catch my breath . 
 he settles between my thighs , the look on his face so strained and focused , i ca n't help but smile . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he whispers , reaching to stroke some hair back from my face . 
 i smile up at him . 
 `` you . '' 
 i whisper , suddenly shy . 
 `` it 's always you . '' 
 a look comes over emerson i 've never seen before . 
 a quiet joy that takes my breath away . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispers , and i feel his body surge to meet mine . 
 i gasp , taking him into me , feeling the sharp ache and then , oh , the glorious fullness . 
 i stop , our eyes locked , something so precious and true passing between us , i know my life will never be the same . 
 `` i love you , '' emerson breathes again . 
 he starts to move , and i move with him , moaning , lost in the fresh wave of sensation pulsing through me . 
 `` it 's you , jules . 
 it 's always been you . '' 
 he shifts , pulling me closer , angling deeper , and i cry out in pleasure . 
 the fever is taking over me now , pulling me down , every thrust sending me closer to the edge . 
 emerson is gasping , wild against me , and it 's all i can do to hold on tight , answering his body 's every demand with my own . 
 the tide rises , building , every muscle in my body pulled tight with desire , but somehow i ca n't break , i ca n't surrender . 
 `` do n't hold back , '' i gasp , writhing under his touch . 
 `` i want all of you . 
 everything you are . '' 
 emerson 's eyes flash , and then he 's slamming into me , harder , deeper , everything i need . 
 i rise up to meet him , sinking my nails into his back , throwing back my head in abandon . 
 i feel it come , closer , closer , and then emerson 's face changes and his body goes stiff , and i 'm crying out as the wave finally crashes over us , sending me spinning , broken , into the depths of pure ecstasy . 
 i finally surface , limp in his arms . 
 emerson is heavy on top of me , his delicious weight pressing down . 
 i take a shuddering breath , my heart racing . 
 pure gold is shimmering in every cell of my body , an afterglow of peace and breathless pleasure . 
 `` hey , baby . '' 
 emerson blinks his eyes open , and rolls off me . 
 i open my mouth to protest , but then he pulls me against him , spooning me so i 'm tucked , tight against his chest . 
 i relax into his embrace , feeling the race of his heartbeat , and his labored breath . 
 `` hey yourself . '' 
 i sigh , resting my head back onto his shoulder . 
 `` that was ... '' `` mind-blowing , life-changing , fucking perfection ? '' 
 emerson finishes for me . 
 i laugh , twisting to kiss him . 
 i place my hand against his cheek , still dazed from the storm of sensation . 
 `` if that 's what it 's like , how does anyone get out of bed ? '' 
 i tease . 
 emerson grins . 
 `` it 's not like that , not with anyone else . '' 
 he answers . 
 `` not ever . '' 
 `` oh , '' i feel a glow of pride , and snuggle closer . 
 `` just us . '' 
 `` all you , baby . '' 
 he kisses my sweaty forehead , and i lay back , yawning . 
 `` will your mom be looking for you ? '' 
 he asks softly , tracing down my naked body . 
 i shiver under his touch and shake my head . 
 `` she went to bed early , she 's still got this flu . '' 
 `` so we 've got all night ? '' 
 emerson asks , smiling wide . 
 `` we 've got forever . '' 
 *** i laid there in her arms until morning , feeling the softness of her body , pressed against me , the heat of her skin against mine . 
 i held her , safe in my arms , and knew that now we 'd found each other , nothing could break us apart . 
 we would be together forever , in love , just like this . 
 we would make it work somehow . 
 i knew it with every atom in my body , every dream i 'd hardly dared to think . 
 we belonged to each other now , our lives together were only just beginning . 
 i was wrong . 
 emerson and juliet 's story continues in the usa today bestseller unbroken . 
 read on for more info and a look at chapter one ! 
 ** after untouched ….com es unbroken ** emerson and juliet 's story continues in the usa today bestselling novel , out now ! 
 mom always told me there are two kinds of love in this world : the steady breeze , and the hurricane . 
 emerson ray was my hurricane ... juliet mckenzie was an innocent eighteen-year old when she spent the summer in beachwood bay -- and fell head over heels in love with emerson . 
 complicated , intense emerson , the local bad boy . 
 his blue eyes hid dark secrets , and just one touch could set juliet ablaze . 
 their love was demanding and all-consuming , but when summer ended , tragedy tore them apart . 
 juliet swore she 'd never go back , and she 's kept that promise ... until now . 
 four years later , juliet 's done her best to rebuild the wreckage of her shattered life . 
 she 's got a great boyfriend , and a steady job planned after she graduates . 
 returning to beachwood to pack up her family 's beach house to prepare it for sale , juliet is determined that nothing will stand in the way of her future . 
 but one look from emerson , and all her old desire comes flooding back . 
 he let her go once , but this time , he 's not giving up without a fight . 
 and emerson fights dirty . 
 a heartbreaking history . 
 an unstoppable passion . 
 torn between her past and future , juliet struggles to separate love from desire . 
 but will they find a way to overcome their tragic secrets -- together ? 
 and after so much damage has been done , can a love remain unbroken ? 
 buy now from major ebook retailers everywhere ** for a sneak peek of chapter one , read on ... . 
 ** *** i 'm doing eighty on the highway with all the windows down , my dirty blonde hair whipping like crazy in the wind . 
 i 've got my ray-ban sunglasses on , and the radio playing country classics as loud as my beat-up old camaro will go , trying to drown out the whispers of memory that started , the minute i took the freeway exit onto the familiar coastal road . 
 45 miles to beachwood bay . 
 45 miles to emerson . 
 i shake it off . 
 we were coming here for years before i met him , i remind myself sternly . 
 every summer when i was a kid . 
 months filled with playing in the surf and reading out on our shady back porch . 
 i should have other , better memories of this place without him . 
 but you have n't been back here since . 
 i block out the treacherous voice in my head , yelling along with the radio instead . 
 `` gone like a freight train , gone like yesterday ... '' the song is right , i decide . 
 it 's gone . 
 that summer is so far behind me , i could n't see it in my rearview mirror if i tried . 
 i 'm a different person to the screwed-up , headstrong girl i was the last time i drove down this sandy road . 
 i 'm twenty-two now , just a month away from graduating college and starting out a whole new life . 
 i 've got a perfect boyfriend back in the city , and a great career all lined up . 
 despite everything that happened here that summer , i made it out -- made myself into the person i wanted to be -- and even though coming here to beachwood bay makes me feel sick and dizzy , like i 'm about to jump out of a plane in total freefall , this weekend wo n't change any of that . 
 it ca n't . 
 besides , i tell myself , trying to calm the shiver of nerves in my stomach , i do n't even know if he 's still here . 
 i do n't know anything about emerson anymore . 
 my idle midnight searches online always come up blank . 
 he could be half-way around the world by now , trekking in the african jungle , or knocking back beers on some beach in australia with a tall , stacked bikini model at his side . 
 tucked under his arm , the place i used to be ... i crank the radio even louder , the country twang ringing so hard i do n't even hear my cellphone , i just see the screen light up from where i tucked it in the cup-holder on my dashboard . 
 lacey . 
 my best friend . 
 i answer , struggling to turn the volume down and keep a hand on the steering wheel . 
 i know i should n't talk and drive , but way out of the city out here , i wo n't see a cop for miles . 
 `` hey lacey , what 's up ? '' 
 `` are you there yet ? '' 
 she demands . 
 `` close . '' 
 i check the clock again , `` about a half-hour away . '' 
 `` i still ca n't believe danny boy did n't go with you . '' 
 there 's a muffled noise as she gets comfy , and when she speaks again . 
 i can just picture her , curled up in our student apartment in charlotte , looking out of the window over the bustle of downtown . 
 `` is n't this the kind of thing future fiancés are legally obligated to do ? '' 
 she asks , `` packing up the summer house you have n't stepped foot in since ... well , you know . '' 
 she trails off . 
 the silence sits in the air between us , heavy with grief . 
 emerson is n't the only ghost lurking in this town . 
 the pain he caused me was only half my broken heart . 
 i gulp a lungful of fresh , salty air and force the demons out of my mind . 
 `` first of all , we do n't know he 's planning to propose . '' 
 i shift the phone to a more comfortable position under my ear . 
 `` please . '' 
 lacey snorts . 
 `` his parents love you , you 're moving in together after graduation , and he 's been dropping not-so-subtle hints about your taste in jewelry for months now . '' 
 `` you did n't tell me that ! '' 
 my stomach kicks , but this time , it 's with a whole different kind of nerves . 
 `` it 's been kind of hilarious , '' lacey adds . 
 `` so , do you think juliet prefers modern , or art deco styles ? '' 
 she mimics daniel 's careful east coast voice . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 i ask , curious . 
 even though lacey is right -- i 've figured this was coming for a while now -- it still feels strange to talk about it like this . 
 marriage . 
 the future . 
 forever . 
 with someone who is n't emerson . 
 lacey continues , oblivious to my thoughts . 
 `` princess-cut , classic setting , nothing under two carats . 
 duh . '' 
 `` lacey ! '' 
 i flush . 
 `` what ? 
 you said , you wanted to build a life with him , '' lacey reminds me . 
 `` that you could picture growing old and grey together . '' 
 `` i did . 
 i mean , i do , '' i correct myself quickly . 
 `` daniel is great . 
 he 's kind , and sweet , and smart -- '' `` -- and perfect , i get it ! '' 
 lacey cuts me off . 
 `` so i do n't get why he 's not going with you . 
 not just for all the heavy lifting and packing , i mean . 
 if my girlfriend was going back to see her ex -- '' `` i 'm not here to see emerson ! '' 
 my protest comes way too loud , and i flinch , swerving wildly on the road . 
 lacey whistles . 
 `` easy there . 
 i 'm just saying , danny boy must be super-secure in your relationship if he 's not even curious about the first guy you ever loved . '' 
 i catch my breath , trying to calm myself . 
 the last thing i need is to wind up dead , crashed in a ditch before i even reach the county line . 
 i slow my speed , and focus on the road ahead . 
 `` daniel is n't coming because i told him not to . 
 i said i need the space to study in peace . 
 and ... he does n't know about emerson . '' 
 i admit in a rush `` what ? '' 
 lacey 's screech makes me swerve all over again . 
 `` you said you told him ages ago ! '' 
 `` i did , '' i protest weakly . 
 `` i said there was a guy i dated , before college . 
 but i did n't say he was here . 
 or how serious it was . '' 
 `` serious ? '' 
 lacey 's voice is dripping with sarcasm . 
 `` try , like a fucking anvil . '' 
 `` what was i supposed to say , lace ? '' 
 i sigh , feeling that familiar wash of guilt that always settles over me whenever i think about the half-truths i 've told my boyfriend . 
 `` that i had my heart broken so entirely , it took everything i had not to slash open my wrists just to make the pain stop ? '' 
 my voice is light now , but the words are true . 
 for the longest time , it felt like i was teetering on a precipice , like one wrong step could send me tumbling into the darkness . 
 the worst part was , there were moments i wanted to take that leap , to just end the pain for good . 
 `` oh , babe ... '' lacey 's voice softens . 
 she knows what it was like for me : as my freshman roommate , she had a front-row seat to the damage that summer left behind . 
 the days when all i did was curl in a ball , weeping ; the weeks i barely ate , or left my room at all except for classes . 
 she was the one who finally sat me down and staged a one-girl intervention : dragging me out to parties and coffee-breaks and the campus therapist , who prescribed me a whole list of anti-depressants and anti-anxiety meds . 
 the pills helped -- too much , i think sometimes -- but lacey was my real lifesaver , forcing me to fake at being ok long enough that i finally began to believe it for myself . 
 i did n't meet daniel until my junior year , and by then , i could almost believe that those dark days were behind me for good . 
 the only scar i had left you could see was the tiny blue jay tattoo on my right shoulder blade . 
 i 've thought about getting it removed , wiping the slate clean completely , but something makes me leave it there to glimpse in the mirror every time i step out of the shower . 
 a lasting reminder of all my dumb , fucked-up choices , and the road i swore i 'd never take again . 
 until now . 
 `` it 'll be fine . '' 
 i say firmly , as if that old fake-it-til-you-make-it strategy will work now , all over again . 
 `` i 'll pack up the house for the realtor , and be back by monday . 
 i picked up groceries in the city , so i wo n't even need to go into town . '' 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 lacey 's voice is doubtful , but she does n't press . 
 `` call me later , babe . '' 
 `` love you . '' 
 i hang up , and grip the steering wheel determinedly . 
 it 'll be simple : i 've got a plan , just like i said to lacey . 
 i 'll get the beach house packed up , hand the keys over to the realtor , and leave town for good this time -- no mess , no fuss , and damn well no moping over old memories . 
 i head around the next bend , and all of a sudden , the familiar sign comes into view . 
 welcome to beachwood bay . 
 population 5,654 . 
 despite all my good intentions to leave the past in its dark , deep grave , i ca n't help it . 
 one look at that peeling wooden board is all it takes for my mind to go racing back , four years ago , to the last time i drove down this road . 
 the day when i met him . 
 *** this book would n't have been possible without the support , cheer-leading , and trouble-shooting of a ton of people . 
 a huge thanks to my family , for being awesome , and especially my mom -lrb- even though you refuse to read the smexy parts ! -rrb- . 
 thanks to my kick-ass agent , rebecca friedman , and my incredible friends and happy-hour crew : ed , jsc , nns , lb , gm , jb , ec . 
 you rock ! 
 to my new , fabulous indie friends : emily snow , lauren blakely and monica murphy , and all the amazing book bloggers , tweeters , and facebook friends who made the unbroken launch a dream come true . 
 you all wanted more of emerson and juliet 's story , so this one really is my thank-you to you for being so supportive ! 
 xo melody *** 
