 a place where i belong by mary tribbey copyright 2013 mary tribbey smashwords edition isbn number 9781301980826 smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this free book . 
 although this is a free book , it remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be reproduced , copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy at smashwords.com , where they can also discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 table of contents chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 chapter 13 chapter 14 chapter 15 chapter 16 book notes about the author other books by author a place where i belong chapter 1 just another long day of driving , mandy thought as she stretched to relieve the stiffness in her shoulders and arms , `` after all the long and seemingly endless days of driving , it seems like my body would finally adjust to it . '' 
 as mandy approached the county line , things began to seem more familiar . 
 although the countryside had changed drastically , the town and street names echoed in her memory . 
 a lot of things looked different than when she had left the area twelve years before . 
 now she wondered what other changes she would discover as she approached her old hometown . 
 `` i wonder if it has changed as much as i have , '' she said to herself . 
 the sight of the beautiful apple , orange , lemon and walnut orchards that had bordered the old two lane road had disappeared . 
 in their place rows and rows of tract homes , condos , and subdivision signs sprawled over the rolling hills in all directions . 
 the patches of vivid orange poppies and deep purple and white lupines that once had filled in the valleys had been replaced by strip malls , gas stations , fast food restaurants and billboards . 
 instead of the fragrance of apple and orange blossoms , the scent of highway air pollution drifted into the car . 
 `` progress ! '' 
 mandy spat out angrily . 
 that 's what some people called these changes , but to mandy it was a tragic loss of the sights and smells of some of god 's most beautiful farm and ranch land . 
 `` so far , i 'm not impressed with the changes . 
 i wonder if there is anything left of the good things i remember from the happy memories of my childhood and youth spent here . 
 maybe it is true that you can never go home again ; you can return to the place , but it will never be the same . 
 i have travelled the last three months through unfamiliar states and towns looking for a place to belong , a place to start over , and found only emptiness and lonely motel rooms . 
 i hope i can at least find my roots and regain the feeling of safety and memories of once having been loved and protected . 
 the life i lived since leaving here was terrible enough to demolish the memories of those happy times . '' 
 `` dear god , '' mandy prayed , `` lead me to where i need to go to find the peace i lost in my years in montana . 
 i know you loved me and protected me there , but help me find the place where you want me to live . 
 open my heart and mind so i can truly find what you have in store for me . '' 
 even though her first impression was negative , mandy was determined to search for her past and the love she had felt here as a child and young adult . 
 so much had happened in her life since leaving her childhood home ; it seemed like a lifetime ago instead of just twelve years . 
 driving since before sunrise , it was midmorning when she turned off the main highway onto edgewood drive and drove into her former hometown , carmelita . 
 many of the buildings were unfamiliar to her , but she recognized several places that had been there before she had moved . 
 she pulled into the parking lot of the old lamplighter café and parked her car . 
 it still looked the about the same , only older and a little shabbier , needing a fresh coat of paint mandy stretched lazily after getting out of her car before walking through the arched doorway . 
 the waitress behind the counter said , `` sit anywhere you want . '' 
 mandy chose a table by the front window and sat down . 
 `` all i want is a cup of coffee and a local telephone book , if you have one . 
 may i look at it for a few minutes ? '' 
 mandy asked the waitress . 
 a couple of minutes later , the waitress brought a steaming , hot cup of coffee , the local phonebook , and a copy of the town 's newspaper . 
 mandy thanked her . 
 she added a dollop of cream and some sugar , then took a sip . 
 she opened the phone book and began looking for familiar names from her past . 
 thumbing through the pages , she found several familiar sounding names . 
 she took out her cell phone and dialed the name of one of her best friends from high school . 
 the phone rang several times before a woman answered it . 
 `` hello , ' the voice said . 
 `` i hope you can help me . 
 i 'm trying to locate an old friend from high school named ginny melton . 
 do you know her or how i can get in touch with her ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` well , i used to be called ginny melton before i got married . 
 now most people call me virginia . 
 who 's calling ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` my name was mandy dalton when i was in carmelita high school , '' mandy answered . 
 `` mandy ! 
 i ca n't believe it ! 
 where are you ? '' 
 ginny asked . 
 `` i 'm at the lamplighter café right now . 
 i was hoping to see you while i 'm in town . '' 
 mandy explained . 
 `` that sounds great . 
 i still live off arnold street . 
 my house is at the corner of linden and first . 
 it 's the tan one with green trim . 
 come on over . 
 i 'd love to see you again , '' ginny enthused . 
 `` i 'll be over in a few minutes , '' mandy said . 
 she finished her coffee , returned the phone book , and paid the bill . 
 she got into her car and drove down arnold street . 
 at linden she turned left . 
 mandy had no trouble recognizing ginny 's house , although the neighborhood looked older and a little rundown . 
 the trees that lined the street were full size now instead of newly planted . 
 having found this area was basically unchanged , mandy felt encouraged that maybe more of the place would be unchanged as well . 
 she parked her car in front of the house and got out . 
 the front door opened , and ginny rushed out to meet her . 
 she gave her a big hug of welcome . 
 `` wow ! 
 you look great ! 
 what have you been doing since you left here ? 
 come on in . 
 we have a lot to catch up on , '' ginny enthused . 
 `` ginny , you have n't changed at all since i last saw you . 
 you are still bubbly and as pretty as a picture . 
 it 's so good to see you again , '' mandy said , giving her another quick hug . 
 they walked arm in arm into the house . 
 ginny led her inside and escorted her to a chair in the living room . 
 `` would you like something to eat or drink ? '' 
 ginny asked . 
 `` no thanks . 
 i just finished some coffee at the lamplighter . 
 i see you still have that artistic talent . 
 i like how you decorated your living room . 
 it is so bright and cheerful and inviting . 
 are those your children in the pictures by the fireplace ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` yes , i have three kids -- two girls and one boy . 
 they are with their father this weekend . 
 we are divorced now , but we have remained friends , mainly for the sake of the kids , '' ginny explained . 
 `` we divorced about three years ago . 
 how about you ? 
 are you married ? 
 do you have any children ? '' 
 ginny asked . 
 `` no , i 've never had any children of my own , but i did have two step children james and jenny . 
 they were killed in an auto accident about a year ago along with their father , '' mandy said . 
 `` that 's terrible , mandy . 
 i 'm so sorry to hear about that , '' ginny said giving her a long hug . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 've been travelling around the last few months getting my head together while looking for a place to settle down and start over again . 
 i decided to return to my roots , so to speak , so i came back here to look around . 
 i was happy here a long time ago before my dad died . 
 that really changed everything . 
 i think that was why i left here then , because everywhere i looked , i missed him so much . 
 this area has grown and changed a lot since i left , but there are several things i want to see again while i am here , '' mandy explained . 
 `` why do n't you hang around here for a while ? 
 it would be so great having you nearby ! '' 
 ginny said . 
 `` i do n't know yet , but i 'll think about it . 
 i 'm looking for a place where i can feel safe and where i belong and fit in . 
 i guess i will know that place when i find it , '' mandy sighed . 
 `` who knows ? 
 maybe this will be the place . 
 a lot of the kids we went to school with still live here . 
 every other week , a group of us get together to play canasta and visit . 
 there are a lot of nice people who go there . 
 we 're meeting today at the edgewater community park recreation center building at lindsay park , come with me ! 
 you can just go and watch and visit or play cards if you feel like it . 
 sometimes there are other kids we went to school with there . 
 you might meet some other people that you used to know , '' ginny encouraged . 
 `` i do n't really know how to play canasta , although i think i played it some about twenty years ago , '' mandy hesitated . 
 `` that does n't matter . 
 it is just a nice place to meet people . 
 please , come with me . 
 i 'm sure you 'll have fun , '' ginny begged . 
 `` what other plans do you have for today anyway ? '' 
 `` nothing special . 
 okay , you talked me into it . 
 i 'll go and check it out , '' mandy agreed . 
 `` we 'll take my car . 
 afterwards we can stop and get a late lunch or dinner then come back here . 
 we still have a lot of catching up to do . 
 your car will be safe parked here while we are gone , '' ginny added . 
 ginny started driving across town toward lindsay park . 
 it was about three miles from ginny 's house . 
 there was very little traffic , so it just took a few minutes to drive there . 
 once they parked in the large parking lot , they got out and walked toward the building . 
 the park and building was much larger than mandy had expected . 
 after ginny and mandy got out of the car , ginny turned to lock the car door . 
 suddenly she sneezed four times in quick succession . 
 `` excuse me , '' she said . 
 `` some plant must be blooming that i 'm allergic to , '' she added . 
 mandy laughed . 
 `` i remember that string of sneezes . 
 you still have allergies . 
 i do , too . 
 some things lessen with age , like acne and pimples , but some things linger on . 
 mine do n't usually give me too much trouble , but other days my eyes water and i sneeze like crazy , '' mandy remarked as they walked toward the recreation building . 
 once inside the building , mandy noticed several people were standing around in small groups . 
 other people were already seated at some of the small tables scattered about the room . 
 most tables had four or six chairs . 
 ginny walked over to a group standing by the fireplace . 
 `` find a seat for us at one of the tables . 
 i 'll sign in and join you in a few minutes , '' ginny directed . 
 mandy looked around the room . 
 there were about 25 tables scattered around the large open room . 
 several of the tables were already full . 
 she saw a table that had six chairs around it with only four people sitting in them . 
 a large man was leaning against the back of one of the chairs talking to the group already seated there . 
 two men and two women were already seated . 
 mandy thought to herself , `` if i take one of those empty seats , there will still be room for ginny to sit there with me . '' 
 mandy headed over to the table . 
 the tall man glanced at her as she approached the group . 
 he had broad shoulders and dark brown hair hanging slightly below his ears . 
 he looked at her then looked down at the table . 
 mandy started to pull out one of the empty chairs so she could sit down . 
 the large man looked at her and spoke loudly . 
 `` you ca n't sit here . 
 this table is full . 
 you need to go somewhere else , '' he barked . 
 mandy jumped back away from the chair as if she had been struck in the face . 
 she was shocked by the loud tone and abruptness of his speech . 
 shocked and embarrassed , mandy picked up her purse and rushed away . 
 she glanced around , but did n't see ginny . 
 thoroughly embarrassed , mandy felt like everyone had seen and heard what had happened . 
 the loud voice echoed in her mind . 
 she felt that terrible old feeling , `` you do n't belong here . '' 
 she could almost hear jerry 's parents yelling at her again . 
 mandy 's hands shook and her face flushed red . 
 wanting only to get away from the feeling of rejection and shame , she turned around , hurried out the door , and began walking away from the recreation center building . 
 mandy was no stranger to walking , so she decided to walk back to ginny 's house , get her car , and move on to another place . 
 `` so much for finding a friendly welcome ! '' 
 she muttered as she hurried down the sidewalk . 
 inside the building , melanie turner had observed the scene with horror . 
 she had heard the brusque tone and abrupt words and had seen the hurt , shocked look on the woman 's face before she left . 
 through the front window she had watched mandy hurry down the sidewalk . 
 she walked over to the table and grabbed the big man 's arm . 
 she drug him away from the table . 
 buddy looked down into his little sister 's angry face . 
 `` why were you so rude to that young woman ? 
 you really hurt her feelings ! '' 
 she scolded . 
 buddy flushed a bright red . 
 `` i did n't mean for her to leave . 
 i just wanted her to find a table that did n't already have four players . 
 i was just standing there visiting with sam . 
 what did i say that was rude ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` well , i can guarantee she did n't hear what you meant to say ! 
 buddy , you make me so mad sometimes . 
 you hurt her so badly that she practically ran out of here . 
 i 'll bet she 's out there crying and feeling hurt and rejected . 
 what you said was ` you ca n't sit here . 
 this table is full . 
 you need to go somewhere else ! ' 
 in other words , ` get lost . 
 you are n't welcome here ! '' ' 
 `` melanie , you know i did n't mean that . 
 i would never hurt anyone like that , '' buddy stammered . 
 `` sure , buddy , i know that . 
 after all , you 're my brother . 
 i know how kind you usually are , but sometimes you speak before your brain has time to think . 
 whenever you see a pretty girl , your brain seems to stop working ! '' 
 melanie said . 
 `` the problem is she does n't know what a nice guy you can be . 
 all she knows is you told her to go away ! '' 
 about this time , ginny walked over to them . 
 `` have you seen a pretty woman wearing a blue sweater and jeans ? 
 i brought her with me , but i ca n't find her . . 
 she is an old friend that i have n't seen in about twelve years . 
 she was came to town today , was visiting at my house , feeling alone and lonely . 
 her name is mandy , '' ginny asked anxiously . 
 `` yes , '' melanie explained . 
 `` she met buddy in one of his ` talk before thinking about what he was saying ' moments . '' 
 melanie explained what had just happened . 
 `` well , i 'd better go find her , '' ginny said anxiously . 
 melanie said , `` no , i 'll go find her . 
 it was my brother who caused the problem ; let me try to straighten it out . 
 i 'll find her and bring her back . '' 
 melanie hurried to her car and backed out of the parking area . 
 she began driving down the streets around the park . 
 she spread out from there and kept driving along the roads . 
 in the distance , she spotted a woman in a blue sweater and jeans walking quickly towards arnold road . '' 
 that makes sense . 
 she must be heading for ginny 's house . '' 
 melanie drove up the street , pulled ahead of her and got out of her car . 
 `` are you mandy ? '' 
 she called . 
 `` ginny asked me to come and find you and bring you back to the recreation center . '' 
 `` yes , i 'm mandy , but i do n't want to go back to the card games . 
 i do n't go or stay where i am not wanted , '' she answered coldly . 
 `` please , listen to me . 
 there has been a horrible mistake . 
 buddy did n't mean to sound so unwelcoming . 
 he did n't really mean what you heard . 
 he gets flustered when he sees a beautiful woman . 
 his brain turns to mush and things always come out sounding wrong . 
 he was just trying to tell you that only four people play at each table . 
 the table you started to sit at already had four players . 
 he just did n't want you to sit at a table that was already full . '' 
 mandy listened quietly . 
 melanie continued . 
 `` buddy was shocked when i told him you left . 
 he is really a warm-hearted guy once you get to know him . 
 i should know . 
 he 's my brother , but he frequently puts his foot in his mouth . 
 today , i think he put both feet inside his big mouth . 
 he really feels terrible about you leaving , '' melanie explained patiently . 
 `` thanks for coming to find me . 
 i think i understand , but i just do n't want to go back there . 
 it would just be too embarrassing , and i am not that eager to play cards anyway , '' mandy explained . 
 `` i just went because ginny wanted to go . '' 
 `` i 'm not much of a card player either , but getting out with other young people is important to me . 
 would you like to go and have lunch with me instead ? 
 i hate eating out all alone . 
 eating without having to cut food for children is a pleasure i do n't get very often . 
 i 'm a single parent with three small children . 
 afterwards , i would be happy to drive you to ginny 's house or to wherever you want to go , '' melanie begged . 
 mandy smiled at melanie and said , `` okay , that sounds better than hiking across town to an empty house , but i 'll pay for my own meal . '' 
 mandy climbed into melanie 's well-worn car , buckled up and leaned back . 
 melanie turned the car around and headed east . 
 she drove up to the sunshine café . 
 `` this place has good food at reasonable prices . 
 it 's not fancy , but i like it . '' 
 it was a little after noon so the place was more than half full when they arrived . 
 melanie led the way to a corner booth near the back of the dining room . 
 `` excuse me while i go wash my hands . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 she walked hurriedly to the rest room . 
 once inside , she pulled out her cell phone and dialed buddy 's number . 
 `` buddy , i caught up with mandy . 
 you really did hurt her feelings . 
 she wo n't come back to the recreation center . 
 i explained what you were trying to say to her . 
 i tried to apologize for you , but it would mean a whole lot more if you came here and apologized in person . 
 she 's really hurting . 
 her eyes reminded me of thunder 's when he first came to the ranch . 
 you know -- hurt , lost , not able to trust anyone , '' melanie added sadly . 
 `` she is really a nice person , but i can tell she 's hurting , and i do n't think this is the only reason . 
 i like her a lot . 
 she told me ` i do n't go or stay where i 'm not wanted . 
 i 've done that , and it does n't work . '' 
 `` mel , i do n't know what i can say that you ca n't say better , but i 'll do it . 
 i do n't ever want anyone to feel hurt because of me . 
 stall her . 
 i 'll be there as quick as i can , '' buddy promised . 
 melanie hurried back to the table where mandy was still looking over the menu . 
 when the waitress arrived , they both ordered cheeseburgers , fries , and iced tea . 
 while waiting for their food , they talked like old friends about music and books they had enjoyed . 
 about the time the waitress brought the food to the table , buddy drove his old chevy pickup into the parking lot . 
 out of the corner of her eye , melanie saw buddy enter the diner . 
 melanie noticed with surprise that he carried a small bouquet of flowers in his hand . 
 he walked through the crowded room , nodding at some longtime friends , as he headed straight for their table . 
 he walked up next to the table . 
 it was n't until he spoke that mandy noticed buddy standing next to her . 
 she instantly recognized him from the card game . 
 her mouth opened in surprise as she glanced up at his face . 
 nearly six feet tall with large muscular shoulders and wavy , dark brown hair , he was hard to miss . 
 she could tell from the way he was standing that he was very nervous . 
 melanie hurriedly said , `` mandy , let me formally introduce you to my brother buddy . 
 i know you already met him at the recreation center , but he has something to say to you . '' 
 mandy watched as buddy reached up , removed his hat and pushed the hair out of his eyes . 
 he shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other . 
 his face reddened as he began to speak . 
 `` i -- um -- i want to apologize to you for the way i spoke to you at the card game . 
 i tend to put my foot in my mouth a lot or get tongue tied when i meet new people . 
 my words come rushing out before i have a chance to censor them . 
 my mind really turns to oatmeal whenever i am around a beautiful woman , and you are probably the most beautiful woman i have ever seen . '' 
 he blushed again at that admission . 
 `` i did n't want you to leave . 
 i was trying to explain that only four people play at each table . 
 there were already four players seated there . 
 i was just standing there visiting with my best friend sam . 
 if you want to play cards , you needed to find a table with less than four people . 
 instead of saying that , `` i blurted out ` do n't sit here ! 
 this table is full . ' 
 i did n't realize how bad it sounded until melanie and ginny came over and chewed me out . 
 i hope you can understand and forgive me , '' buddy said shyly looking down at the floor . 
 mandy put her hamburger down on the plate . 
 she watched his discomfort and remained silent , making his squirm a little longer . 
 finally she spoke , `` thanks for coming here to apologize , but what you said struck a very sore spot in me . 
 i understand now what you meant , but i 'm not sure if i can really forget what you said , '' mandy said slowly . 
 buddy reddened again . 
 `` please , '' he begged dropping down on one knee to be down near her level , he offered her the bouquet of yellow roses . 
 `` i 'm begging you to give me a chance to prove to you that i really am a nice guy . '' 
 melanie and mandy both noticed that the café had suddenly grown silent and that everyone seemed to be watching the scene that was unfolding in front of them . 
 buddy , red-faced , holding out a bouquet of roses , kneeling in front of mandy , obviously asking her a question . 
 they both seemed to understand what was happening at the same time . 
 melanie choked back her laughter . 
 mandy blushed , `` please get up . 
 people are staring at us . 
 i think they believe you are proposing to me , '' mandy sputtered . 
 instead of getting up , buddy reached out , took her hand in his . 
 he looked up at her blushing face . 
 `` if you say you forgive me and will give me a chance to prove i 'm a nice guy , i 'll get up . 
 if they think i am proposing to you , that 's their problem , '' he added with a big smile . 
 `` all right ! 
 yes , i agree . 
 i forgive you . 
 now get up ! '' 
 mandy urged . 
 buddy kissed her hand gallantly then got up and slid into the booth beside her . 
 mandy flushed red again when some of the people clapped and cheered . 
 buddy and melanie collapsed in laughter . 
 `` does he always act this crazy and wild ? ' 
 mandy asked melanie . 
 `` no . 
 i 've never seen buddy do anything like this before . 
 he 's usually shy and reserved in public places , '' melanie added seriously . 
 `` does this mean we are engaged now , or just forgiven , or both ? '' 
 he asked playfully . 
 mandy shook her head and said , `` do n't press your luck , buddy . 
 you are just forgiven . '' 
 `` you ca n't blame a man for trying , '' buddy chuckled . 
 buddy ordered a cheeseburger , too . 
 while they ate , they talked about many things . 
 melanie asked , `` where are you from ? '' 
 evasively , mandy answered . 
 `` i grew up here , but i 've been gone about 12 years . 
 since then i have moved around and seen many places . '' 
 `` where are you heading ? '' 
 melanie asked . 
 `` i do n't really know . 
 i guess i 'll know it if and when i find it . 
 it could be anywhere . 
 i 'm just looking for a safe , friendly place where i can belong . 
 i decided to come back here to find my roots . 
 i wanted to return to a place where i once felt happy and loved , '' mandy replied . 
 `` where are you staying here in carmelita ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` i do n't know yet . 
 i saw a few motels when i drove through town . 
 i 'll find a place somewhere . 
 i 've been travelling about three months now . 
 i realized weeks ago that one motel room is just about the same as all the others . 
 it is just a sterile , boring room for sleeping , '' mandy replied with a sad laugh . 
 melanie said excitedly , `` i have a great idea . 
 i know a wonderful place in this town where you could stay . 
 it is n't fancy , but it certainly would not be a boring motel room . 
 does that sound good to you ? '' 
 `` sure , that sounds very interesting , `` mandy agreed . 
 `` let me phone and make sure there 's a room available . '' 
 melanie left the table and stepped outside , and made arrangements for mandy to stay the night . 
 coming back inside , melanie said happily , `` everything is all set . 
 they have a nice room set aside for you . 
 i 'm sure you 'll love it , '' melanie exclaimed . 
 melanie looked down at her watch . 
 `` i did n't realize it was almost three o’clock . 
 i 've got to leave and get my kids at school before they tear it down . 
 buddy , i promised to take mandy wherever she wanted to go and then drive her to get her car at ginny 's house . 
 will you drive her around for me ? 
 afterwards lead her over to the turner ranch . 
 her room will be ready in the main house , '' she added with a meaningful wink . '' 
 melanie grabbed her purse and keys and dashed out of the diner . 
 buddy shrugged and looked at mandy , `` well , '' he drawled , `` i 'm not as cute and bubbly as melanie , but i am at you service , ma’am . 
 i ca n't think of anything i 'd rather do than chauffeur you around . 
 i have all afternoon and evening . 
 afterward i 'll take you to your car and show the way to the turner ranch where you 'll be staying . 
 where do you want to go first ? 
 driving you around is the least i can do after messing up so badly earlier , '' buddy added with a slow smile . 
 `` i really appreciate your offer , buddy , but i doubt if you 'll want to go with me . 
 the place i want to go to first is the ivy lawn cemetery . 
 it 's been so many years since i have been there to pay my respects . 
 i 'd like to put flowers on my parent 's and grandparent 's graves . 
 i am hoping that by going back to my first roots , i 'll find myself and the peace i once had . 
 you probably think that 's a stupid idea and a waste of time , '' mandy said quietly . 
 `` not at all , mandy . 
 family is what life is all about . 
 i 'd be honored and pleased to go with you . 
 i know where the cemetery is , and , the last time i drove by , there was a flower stand near the entrance gate . 
 are you ready to go now ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 buddy went up and paid for their lunches . 
 he went back and escorted mandy outside to his truck . 
 he opened the door and helped her in . 
 she slid across the bench seat while he climbed into the driver 's side . 
 chapter 2 as they drive along the familiar highways , mandy talked about where she had lived as a child . 
 she pointed out the church she had faithfully attended until moving away to go to college . 
 buddy listened quietly and asked encouraging questions when she paused . 
 she learned that they had been in high school at the same time , but he had gone to high school in loomis instead of carmelita high school . 
 when she learned buddy had played football in high school , she wondered if she had ever seen buddy play football when they travelled over to play against the loomis high school lobos . 
 she had been a cheerleader and had gone to all the games , so she had probably seen him . 
 the schools were about ten miles apart so she figured they might have seen each other before , but just did n't remember . 
 they both agreed it was amazing that they had lived so few miles apart and had just met as adults . 
 before entering the cemetery , buddy and mandy got out at the flower stand . 
 there was n't much variety left since it was already mid-afternoon , but mandy found a couple of bunches that looked fresh . 
 she bought them and put them in the truck . 
 when buddy drove in , mandy directed him to veer to the middle road and follow it around for about 500 feet . 
 `` i think this is fairly close to where my parents are buried , but it has been so many years since i was here last that i may be way off . '' 
 they got out of the truck and began walking slowly down the rows of headstones . 
 mandy wandered off to the right , then stopped and looked down on her parents ' graves . 
 she knelt down by the graves and tried to remove the containers that would hold the flowers . 
 buddy saw the problem . 
 he hurried back to the truck , got a knife and screwdriver and hurried to her side . 
 he quickly cut away the grass and extracted the two metal vases . 
 they were filled with grass , roots , and scummy water . 
 he took them over to the faucet and cleaned them out . 
 when he brought them back , he noticed that she had used his knife and cleared overgrown grass from around the headstones . 
 mandy separated one bunch of flowers , putting some in each vase . 
 she sat back and looked at their work . 
 `` i 'm lucky you were here with me . 
 i would never have been able to get those vases out by myself . 
 thank you so much , buddy , '' she said gratefully . 
 buddy noticed a hint of tears lingering behind her eyes . 
 he helped her to her feet . 
 she picked up the other bouquet . 
 `` would you mind helping me with my grandparents ' graves , too ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` lead the way , ma’am , '' he said politely . 
 it took a few minutes to find the other location , but they discovered it about two hundred yards to the north . 
 buddy cleaned these vases , too . 
 soon they were filled with fresh water and flowers . 
 they walked back to her parent 's graves . 
 mandy looked down and sighed . 
 `` they 've been dead for a long time now , but i still miss them , '' she sighed . 
 buddy watched her look down at her parents ' graves again . 
 `` would you like to spend a few minutes here ? 
 there 's a bench over there where you can sit . 
 i 'll wait in the truck if you want some time alone here . '' 
 he suggested quietly . 
 `` thanks for being so thoughtful and sensitive . 
 i would like to sit here for a few minutes . 
 after they died , when i had things to decide , i used to come here to think sometimes . 
 you do n't have to go away , unless you 'd feel more comfortable in your truck . 
 it 's really nice having you here with me , '' mandy answered with a shy smile . 
 they sat silently on a nearby bench for a few minutes . 
 when buddy put his arm loosely around her shoulders , mandy leaned closer to him . 
 while they drove back to carmelita , buddy asked , `` did you find what you were hoping to find there ? '' 
 `` i found my family roots and some more happy memories of the time when i felt safe and loved . 
 i know true peace can only come from god . 
 i know that peace is here inside me still ; but it has just been so long since i 've clearly felt it . 
 thanks to you , this has been a good beginning for my search , '' mandy smiled at him . 
 `` where have you been living since you left here ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` i do n't think i have really been living at all . 
 i existed for the last twelve years in montana . 
 since last july , i have been wandering aimlessly searching for something i lost during that time , '' mandy answered . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` myself . 
 during that time , i lost sight of who i really am . 
 that probably sounds crazy to you , but the last eight years were the worst period of my life . 
 i am still carrying memories and scars from montana . 
 i keep praying that god will remove them and restore my peace . 
 i know god is faithful , and he will answer my prayer . 
 in the meantime , i just keep searching and trying to keep an open heart so i will hear his voice and recognize where he wants me to be . 
 you probably think i 'm some kind of a religious nut , but it was only through god 's grace , protection , and mercy that i survived montana . '' '' 
 i do n't think that 's crazy at all . 
 i have been listening for god 's leading all my life . 
 i know he is faithful and true . 
 i will keep you in my thoughts and prayers , mandy . 
 i am hoping that you have already found that place . 
 why not stick around here for a while ? 
 this area was good for you in the past ; it may be the right place for you now , too , '' buddy urged . 
 `` that sounds good , but i 've always heard that you can never go home again , because it will have changed . 
 i know i 've grown and changed a lot since i left here , too , '' she said . 
 `` only time will tell if this is the right place for you . 
 maybe it has changed and become an even better place for you now . 
 i will pray that you find all you want and need here and now . 
 this is a nice place to live . 
 there are many people around here that are caring and loving . 
 give it some time , '' buddy said finally . 
 `` thanks for your help today and for your prayers . 
 i 'm sorry we got off to such a bad start today , '' mandy said . 
 `` i 'm not sure if i am sorry about that or not ! . 
 if you had just come in , sat down at a table and played cards , i doubt if we would have even spoken . 
 maybe this was god 's leading that brought us together today . 
 maybe this is part of god 's plans for your life , mandy , '' buddy added with a smile . 
 buddy drove back to carmelita and headed over to ginny 's house . 
 mandy got out of her car and noticed the house was still dark and empty . 
 she got into her car and followed buddy as he drove east toward the small town of loomis . 
 just south of the town , buddy turned right onto a winding gravel road and headed toward a group of buildings . 
 he parked in front of the largest one , and mandy pulled in next to his truck . 
 she got out of her car and looked around . 
 there were no annoying , flashing neon signs in sight . 
 there were just a couple of cars parked around the buildings . 
 it certainly did n't look like a typical motel . 
 mandy looked around and saw horses in a corral , and she sighed with pleasure . 
 it was quiet and peaceful after the noise and traffic of the cities she had been staying in . 
 it looked friendly and inviting , and she realized she was tired of the same old motel routine . 
 before she had moved away from her car , the front door opened and melanie came rushing down the steps with three little children in tow . 
 the kids made a beeline towards buddy . 
 they jumped into his arms . 
 he caught them and spun them around amid squeals of laughter . 
 melanie rushed over , gave her a hug , and grabbed her suitcase and carried it into the nearest house . 
 an older man and woman walked out of the house and down the steps . 
 the woman hugged buddy , then turned and gave mandy a big hug , too . 
 the man reached out and shook mandy 's hand . 
 `` welcome to turner ranch , '' he said with a low drawl . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to have you come and stay with us . 
 melanie will show you to your room . 
 if you need anything , just holler . '' 
 melanie led mandy upstairs to a large simply decorated bedroom . 
 in the center of the room was a large four poster bed covered by a blue , tan , and brown log cabin quilt . 
 there were photographs of children on the wall . 
 it struck mandy how comfortable and homey the room was . 
 it was certainly a great change from the usual impersonal motel room . 
 melanie put her suitcase beside the bed . 
 `` the bathroom is across the hall . 
 you 'll be the only one using it -- unless , one of my kids sneaks inside the house . 
 there are clean towels , shampoo , soap , and even a new toothbrush in the bathroom for you to use . 
 is n't this much better than a motel room ? '' 
 melanie asked . 
 `` yes , it 's so beautiful and relaxing . 
 i love being able to look out at the horses . 
 i have always loved horses . 
 would it be all right to go out and look at them later ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` sure ! 
 make yourself at home . 
 maybe tomorrow we can go for a ride . 
 do you know how to ride ? '' 
 melanie asked . 
 `` i 've ridden horses all of my life . 
 i was raised on a small ranch . 
 my dad taught me how to ride , rope cattle , fix fences , milk cows , and do almost every chore that had to be done on the ranch . 
 being here is almost like going back to my childhood days . 
 that is a special treat for me . 
 thanks for arranging this for me , melanie . 
 i feel so much happier now than i did yesterday . '' 
 `` the others have eaten dinner already , but they have supper waiting for you and buddy . 
 if you are hungry or thirsty , come on down . 
 buddy 's gone to wash up , but he 'll be back soon . 
 i imagine he 's pretty hungry by now , too . 
 come on down when you are ready and get something to eat and drink . 
 you can meet my kids , too , if you want to . '' 
 `` that sounds good to me . 
 i love kids , and i just realized i 'm hungry . 
 it smells so good ; my mouth is already watering , '' mandy exclaimed . 
 as they walked downstairs , melanie explained , `` paul , lisa , chris and i live in the house next door . 
 i need to get them bathed and in bed soon , but they 've been hopping up and down with excitement wanting to meet you . 
 they love it when people stay here . 
 they are a little wild , but they are wonderful kids . 
 of course , i might be a tad prejudiced about that ! 
 they dearly love their uncle buddy , and he 's really great with them . '' 
 when they entered the dining room , three little kids ran and hugged melanie . 
 they looked at mandy curiously , but stayed partially hidden behind melanie . 
 when mandy looked at them , they disappeared behind their mother . 
 `` are we playing peek-a-boo ? '' 
 mandy laughed . 
 `` you can come out of hiding . 
 i do n't bite -- unless you bite me first . '' 
 first a tow headed boy stepped out and smiled at her . 
 `` we are n't allowed to bite , '' he said seriously . 
 a smaller girl peeked around and came a step forward . 
 finally a tiny red-headed boy edged up beside his sister . 
 `` that 's better , '' mandy encouraged them . 
 `` i 'm glad you do n't bite . 
 i was just kidding about biting . 
 i 'm not allowed to bite anyone either . '' 
 melanie laughed and said , `` these are my kids . 
 paul is my oldest one . 
 he 'll be six next month . 
 next is my beautiful girl lisa . 
 she 'll be 5 in three months . 
 the last little character is chris . 
 he just turned 2 , but he says he 's a ` big boy ' now . '' 
 mandy said hello to each one in turn . 
 `` paul , it is nice to meet you . 
 i 'll bet you are a big help to your mother . 
 you have the same pretty eyes that she has . 
 lisa , you are really beautiful . 
 i think you look a lot like your mom , too . 
 i like the pretty dress you are wearing . 
 it has butterflies on it , and i like butterflies , too . 
 chris , i can see that you are a ` big boy ' . 
 i 'll bet you like to do things by yourself . 
 i think you may be like your uncle buddy . 
 he seems to be a ` take charge ' guy . 
 i do n't know where you got your beautiful red hair , but i think if is wonderful . '' 
 mandy concluded reaching out and tousling his hair . 
 chris giggled and looked down shyly . 
 `` we keep wondering where the red hair came from , too , '' buddy added . 
 `` i ca n't find one person in our family tree with that color hair . '' 
 melanie blushed and glared at buddy . 
 before she could say anything , mandy interjected , `` who cares ! 
 it just means he is a very special boy -- a one-of-a-kind , just like his uncle buddy . '' 
 chris walked over and held mandy 's hand . 
 he puffed out his chest and said , `` that 's right ! 
 i 'm going to be just like uncle buddy . '' 
 mandy bent down and hugged him and said , `` that sounds like a good plan for a big boy like you . '' 
 when mandy looked up she saw melanie quickly brush a tear from her cheek . 
 melanie looked at mandy and mouthed , `` thank you . '' 
 once seated at the large oval oak dining room table , mandy smelled the delicious fragrance of beef stew and fresh-baked baked chocolate chip cookies . 
 melanie took big bowls of stew and warm , homemade bread and put them in front of mandy and buddy . 
 she brought a large glasses of frosty cold milk and later added a cup of coffee to complete their meal . 
 everything was as delicious as it smelled , and soon both bowls were empty . 
 mandy noticed buddy had showered and changed into a pair of shorts and a sweat shirt . 
 he glanced at her and noticed she had been looking at him . 
 buddy smiled and sighed contentedly , `` that was delicious , mom , as usual , '' he added . 
 madge smiled broadly , and said , `` thanks for noticing , buddy . '' 
 `` i did n't realize how hungry i was until i smelled and tasted the food . 
 thanks for keeping something hot for us to eat . 
 i 'm sorry we were late coming home . 
 i wanted to visit my parents ' graves and stayed longer than i thought i would . 
 buddy was a big help , and he helped make something that could be very sad turn out to be very pleasant . 
 i really appreciate your letting me stay here tonight , '' mandy said shyly . 
 when they had finished the meal , buddy turned to mandy and said , `` mandy , i 'd like you to officially meet robert and madge turner , my folks . '' 
 mandy smiled and said , `` it 's nice meeting you . 
 you have a beautiful home . 
 thanks for letting me stay . '' 
 `` it is our pleasure , '' madge replied . 
 `` we love having company . 
 just make yourself at home . '' 
 after melanie rounded her kids up and headed home to get them ready for bed , mandy , robert , madge , and buddy sat around the old walnut claw foot table eating chocolate chip cookies and finishing their glasses of milk and coffee . 
 madge said , `` melanie 's told us that you 've been travelling around for a while . 
 we are so happy to have you here with us . 
 this house seems quiet and empty since our other kids grew up , got married , and moved out to homes of their own . 
 the only ones left on the ranch are melanie , her kids , and buddy . 
 melanie hurried back inside , grabbed a few cookies and the kid 's jackets , and said , `` they are in bed now , but i know they 'll want to get to know you better tomorrow , if that 's all right with you . 
 if they start bugging you , just shoo them away . 
 i 've got to get home and make sure they are still in bed . 
 sleep well ! 
 see you tomorrow . '' 
 robert said with a yawn , `` we get up pretty early to do chores , but just sleep in as long as you want . 
 help yourself to anything you want to eat or drink . 
 there 's almost always fresh bread and sandwich meat in the refrigerator . 
 the coffee pot is brewing on the stove all day . 
 the coffee is hot and strong . 
 we are usually finished with chores before four o’clock and dinner is about five . '' 
 about 8:30 p.m. , robert and madge excused themselves and headed off to bed . 
 when they were gone , mandy turned to buddy and said quietly , '' buddy , i thought melanie got me a room at a motel or bed and breakfast place . 
 tell me the truth ; this is n't a bed and breakfast place , is it ? '' 
 `` no , not really , but we have lots of room here , and you see how happy mom and dad are to have you staying here . 
 at least , this is n't another boring motel room . '' 
 ` i 'll bet you brought home stray dogs and cats when you were a little boy , '' mandy said with a knowing grin . 
 `` yeah , i admit it . 
 i did it , and mom and dad usually let me keep them , '' buddy grinned . 
 `` well , do n't get your hopes up this time ! 
 seriously , this is a real treat for me . 
 i am really happy to be here now . 
 you have such a great loving family . 
 you have been blessed by god , '' she said wistfully . 
 `` you are right about that ! 
 i love my family . 
 i think they are great , too . 
 i hope you 'll enjoy your time here . 
 just relax and enjoy yourself . 
 you can stay here as long as you want . 
 this is a working cattle ranch , and we all have chores to do in the morning . 
 as much as i enjoy sitting here talking with you , i 'd better say good night and go home to bed . 
 i live in the last house on the other side of melanie and her kids . 
 you are welcome to stay up as long as you want . 
 just turn off the lights when you go upstairs . '' 
 buddy said as he stood up to leave . 
 mandy stood up when he did . 
 `` i 'm tired , too . 
 i think i 'll go upstairs to bed now . 
 thanks again for allowing me to come here . 
 it 's been wonderful getting to know melanie and your parents , and you , too . 
 they are so kind and real . 
 i 'll see you in the morning , '' mandy said . 
 `` good night , mandy , '' buddy said giving her a quick hug and a light kiss on the cheek . 
 `` go on up , and i 'll turn out the lights and lock the door for you . '' 
 mandy turned on the staircase and said , `` sweet dreams , buddy . '' 
 `` sweet dreams to you , too , mandy , '' buddy said as he watched her walk up the stairs until she disappeared into his old bedroom . 
 then he locked and closed the door behind him and walked over to his house . 
 it seemed unusually quiet and empty to him as he headed up to his bedroom . 
 he undressed quickly and climbed into bed . 
 his dreams contained disjointed memories of his day with mandy . 
 in his dream , when he knelt beside her at the diner , she answered yes and then stepped into his arms and kissed him . 
 in the morning , his first thought was of mandy . 
 `` dear god , ' he prayed , '' please protect mandy . 
 help her find peace and safety and love here with me and my family , if it is your will for us . '' 
 chapter 3 by 5:30 am , everyone was gathered around the breakfast table discussing the day 's list of chores . 
 they glanced up , surprised to see mandy walk in wearing worn cowboy boots , jeans and a long sleeved shirt . 
 they all greeted her warmly . 
 madge got her a cup of coffee and a plate of eggs , ham , and biscuits . 
 `` i was hoping you might find some chores for me to do . 
 i know ` everyone on a working ranch does chores ' , '' she echoed robert 's words . 
 `` you do n't have to do chores . 
 you 're our guest , '' '' melanie insisted . 
 `` i know i do n't have to do chores , but i 'd like to do something useful . 
 i 'm used to working on a ranch . 
 i lived most of my life on ranches . 
 my dad 's ranch was n't as big as this one , but my dad taught me a lot , and i always did my share of chores , too . 
 i think it would be good for me , '' mandy explained . 
 `` i do n't like bragging , but i can ride a horse as well as most guys . 
 i can milk cows , herd and brand cattle , and mend fences -lrb- although i am out of practice -rrb- . 
 i can clean stalls , buck hay , and handle most jobs . 
 just tell me what you want me to do . '' 
 `` we are going to check the fence lines and start moving the strays over to the other range , '' buddy said . 
 `` if that 's where you need help , that 's fine with me , '' she answered happily . 
 `` i 'll saddle a horse for you and meet you at the barn , '' buddy said . 
 `` okay , i 'll meet you there , '' mandy replied melanie asked , `` are you sure you want to do that ? 
 you could stay here and rest or help mom with the cooking or canning . 
 later , we could take a ride . '' 
 `` it will be good to get back in the saddle and feel useful again . 
 i was n't allowed to do anything like that at our ranch in montana . 
 i 've missed riding in the early morning hours , '' mandy said happily . 
 she ran upstairs , grabbed a hat , a worn pair of work gloves , and walked to the barn . 
 when she walked inside the barn , buddy was n't in sight . 
 she quickly sneezed three times in a row . 
 `` i must be allergic to something in this barn , '' she chuckled . 
 she smiled remembering how ginny and she had laughed as kids about their weird sneezing patterns . 
 buddy had already saddled his large tan quarter horse named buck . 
 next to buck was a smaller black and white pinto with a saddle blanket on its back . 
 mandy saw a saddle on the ground . 
 she reached down , picked it up , and threw it effortlessly over the pinto 's back . 
 she quickly cinched it tight , adjusted the stirrups , and began stroking the horse 's head . 
 she spoke soothingly to the horse . 
 when buddy strode around the corner of the barn , he stopped and watched mandy saddle thunder . 
 he walked over checked the cinch , and nodded his approval . 
 buddy mounted buck , the big stallion . 
 mandy climbed on thunder 's back and rode over to buddy 's side . 
 they turned their horses and began riding along the fence line , checking for strays or signs of damage . 
 whenever they saw strays near the fence , they spurred their horses to move the steers toward the western range land . 
 as they rode along , buddy pointed out landmarks and talked about the ranch that his family had worked for nearly 100 years . 
 his pride and love of the land rang through his words . 
 as they rode through brush , buddy spotted a group of cattle and rode over to move them toward the rest of the cattle they had headed toward the next grazing range . 
 while buddy was moving the strays , mandy sighed as she felt the rhythmic movement of thunder 's gait . 
 she felt her body relaxing with the gentle swaying movement . 
 the sun had risen during the early morning hours and was shining through the clouds . 
 it warmed her back as she skirted a sage covered ravine . 
 mandy closed her eyes against the reflection of the sun on the large cattle pond . 
 she suddenly felt a wave of dizziness sweep over her . 
 she pulled on the reins , and thunder stopped moving forward . 
 she grabbed the saddle horn and held herself steady . 
 she closed her eyes and took several deep breaths , hoping the strange uneasy feeling would disappear as quickly as it had come on her . 
 thunder took a couple of steps forward and lowered her head to drink from the cattle pond . 
 mandy heard the lapping sounds as he drank . 
 she gradually opened her eyes . 
 instead of feeling steadier , she began feeling nauseous as well as dizzy . 
 while she sat there wondering what was wrong with her , buddy rode up to her side . 
 when buddy stopped buck next to thunder , he took off his bandana , wet it in the water , and wiped his forehead . 
 `` it 's sure getting warm this morning , '' he remarked . 
 he glanced over at mandy and noticed her face was red and her eyes were closed . 
 `` mandy , are you feeling all right ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't know what 's wrong . 
 i just started feeling hot and dizzy and nauseous , '' she answered . 
 `` maybe the sun got to you . 
 let me help you off thunder , '' he offered . 
 buddy quickly dismounted and lifted mandy down to stand beside him . 
 he felt her weaving unsteadily . 
 he held her steady and led her over to a shaded area near the creek . 
 once she was seated on a large boulder , buddy hurried over , wet his bandana in the clear cold water in the creek and hurried back to mandy . 
 he felt her forehead and gently pressed the cool cloth against her forehead and red cheeks . 
 mandy shivered and trembled . 
 she closed her eyes and wrapped her arms across her chest . 
 `` is that any better ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it feels better , but i 'm so lightheaded , and i feel awfully shaky . 
 i do n't know what 's wrong with me , '' mandy groaned . 
 `` whatever it is , i need to get you back to the ranch house . 
 with you so dizzy and so far from the main house , you ca n't go back alone , '' buddy declared . 
 `` i do n't want to cause so much trouble . 
 just let me sit here for a while , and then i can ride back , '' she said . 
 `` no argument , '' buddy said . 
 he scooped her up and carried her over to buck . 
 he lifted her up onto buck 's back and climbed up behind her . 
 he fastened thunder 's reins to his saddle horn and began riding quickly back to the main ranch house . 
 mandy leaned back against buddy and closed her eyes . 
 buddy 's arm was wrapped around her waist holding her steady as he rode quickly across the range land . 
 when he arrived at the main house , he quickly dismounted , reached up and lifted mandy to the ground . 
 when she began swaying , he lifted her up into his arms and hurried up the steps . 
 once inside the house , buddy called , `` mom , come quick . 
 something 's wrong with mandy . 
 she 's dizzy and sick . 
 please come and help '' when madge came rushing in from the kitchen , she took one look and ordered , `` take her upstairs to the bedroom . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` i noticed she was red in the face and hot , and she said she felt dizzy . 
 i got her home as quick as i could . '' 
 buddy carried her up the stairs and sat her down on the edge of the bed . 
 madge hurried in , felt her forehead and said , `` she 's burning up with fever . 
 mandy , how do you feel ? 
 what 's hurting you ? '' 
 madge asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i felt good this morning , but now i feel nauseous and so light-headed . 
 i have n't felt this bad since i was a little kid . 
 i 'm usually always healthy , '' she moaned . 
 `` buddy , '' she ordered . 
 `` go call dr. massey and ask him to come as soon as he can . 
 after raising four kids , i can tell you are really sick . 
 you need to get in bed and rest . 
 buddy , scoot out and let me get mandy ready for bed . '' 
 buddy hurried to the telephone and called the doctor 's office . 
 the nurse explained he was out on other house calls , and she would give him the message , but it might be evening before he could get there . 
 buddy relayed the information to his mother . 
 feeling helpless , he went back , unsaddled , fed , and took care of thunder and buck . 
 afterwards , he went to his house , got cleaned up and returned to the main house . 
 madge helped mandy undress and slipped a nightgown over her head . 
 she pulled the bedding down and helped her settle into the bed . 
 she got a cool washcloth and placed it on mandy 's forehead . 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 i ca n't let you take care of me . 
 i do n't want to be a bother , '' mandy moaned . 
 `` honey , you do n't have a choice . 
 you are sick , and you need someone to take care of you . 
 no arguments or tears . 
 we 'll take care of you . 
 that 's what friends and families are for , '' madge added . 
 madge got an aspirin tablet and some water . 
 she gave it to mandy . 
 mandy put the tablet in her mouth and swallowed it . 
 in a few minutes , she closed her eyes and drifted into a restless sleep . 
 buddy paced anxiously downstairs waiting for his mom to come downstairs . 
 when she did , he asked anxiously , `` how is she ? 
 what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm not a doctor , but i think she may have the flu . 
 i heard there was a lot of it going around now . 
 she has all the symptoms , but we 'll know more when dr. massey arrives . '' 
 `` mom , may i go up and see if mandy needs anything ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` just do n't wake her up if she is sleeping . 
 rest is the best thing for her right now . 
 i 'm sure she will be all right , but go on up if it will make you feel better , '' madge said patiently . 
 buddy silently opened the door and tiptoed over to the bed . 
 mandy 's eyes were closed . 
 buddy pulled a chair over and sat quietly by her bedside . 
 her face was still flushed with fever . 
 he dipped the washrag in a bowl of water and lightly wiped her forehead . 
 mandy sighed and opened her eyes . 
 when she saw buddy , she smiled weakly . 
 `` how are you feeling now ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` awful . 
 i feel like i 'm going to throw up . 
 i 'm so hot and uncomfortable . 
 i 'm sorry to be such a nuisance , '' she whimpered . 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 you are n't a nuisance . 
 just relax and let us take care of you . 
 the doctor said he 'd be here this afternoon or evening . 
 apparently several people in the area are sick with the same symptoms . 
 the nurse said some of them got sick at the card game where we met , '' buddy explained . 
 `` i wonder about ginny . 
 when i was visiting with her , she was sneezing she said she 'd been feeling tired lately , but she thought it was the usual problem with allergies . 
 she always had problems with them when i knew her . 
 i did n't think anything about it . 
 maybe i picked it up there , '' mandy said . 
 `` well , if you had to get sick , i 'm glad it happened when you are here . 
 i hate to think about you sick like this and all alone in a strange place with no one around to help . 
 at least here you have people to take care of you , '' buddy said . 
 `` i still feel terrible that i 'm bothering you , '' mandy said miserably . 
 `` you are n't a bother or a nuisance or a pest . 
 you are a friend and our guest . 
 i hope you will settle in and get well soon . 
 just rest and let us take care of you , mandy , '' buddy said . 
 buddy walked over and opened the bedroom window a little ways so a gentle breeze swept the stale warm air out of the room . 
 `` thanks , buddy , '' mandy said . 
 `` i think i can sleep now . '' 
 buddy walked downstairs where the rest of the family was eating dinner . 
 he went to the kitchen and served himself . 
 he returned to the table and reported to the others that mandy was sleeping . 
 the family was just finishing dinner when dr. massey arrived . 
 buddy went to the door and showed him up to mandy 's room . 
 dr. massey took mandy 's temperature , checked her eyes , ears , throat , and blood pressure . 
 he listened to her breathing . 
 `` it seems like you have the same kind of flu that most of my patients have right now . 
 it comes on very rapidly . 
 usually there is sneezing or coughing . 
 then the fever comes with achy joints , nausea , and vomiting . 
 after the fever breaks , the symptoms go away almost as quickly as they started . 
 most of my patients who have had it followed the same pattern . 
 it is good to check it out . 
 if it is n't treated promptly , it could go into pneumonia . 
 so far only one patient of mine has had to be hospitalized . 
 buddy , do you remember ginny , melanie 's 4-h partner ? 
 she got so sick at the card game in carmelita the other day that she was taken to the hospital . 
 when i checked on her this morning , her fever had broken , and she was released this afternoon . 
 just make sure mandy gets plenty of rest , fluids , and aspirin to bring the fever down . 
 i 'll check on her tomorrow . 
 if she gets worse during the night , take her to the regional medical center . '' 
 `` thanks for coming out so late . 
 we really are lucky to have a good-old fashioned doctor like you who still makes house calls . 
 thanks again , '' madge said as she walked him out the front door . 
 he walked to his car and drove out of sight . 
 buddy went into the kitchen , filled a pitcher with ice water , and carried it back to mandy 's room . 
 he moved the chair over beside the bed . 
 he straddled the chair , poured a glass of water , and handed her the glass . 
 `` come on , mandy '' , he coaxed . 
 `` you 've got a fever . 
 doc says you need to drink a lot of liquids . 
 besides you need to take another aspirin . '' 
 `` i 'm not thirsty , '' she mumbled . 
 `` please , drink a little now . 
 swallow the pill so we can get the fever down . 
 please , it 's important to me that you get well , '' he encouraged her . 
 mandy took the pill and swallowed it . 
 she took a few sips of water before handing the glass back to buddy . 
 he put the glass near her on the bedside table . 
 `` can i get you anything else ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` call me if you need anything . 
 i 'll get out now and let you rest , but i 'll be downstairs . 
 just holler and i 'll get whatever you need . '' 
 before leaving , he felt her forehead , tucked the covers in around her , turned off the room light and walked out . 
 `` get some rest , and i 'll check back in a little while . '' 
 mandy watched him walk out of the bedroom . 
 at the door , he looked back and mouthed , `` sleep well , sweet dreams , mandy . '' 
 mandy closed her eyes and soon drifted off into a restless sleep . 
 it was after 10 pm , and everyone else in the house was asleep . 
 buddy was sitting downstairs thumbing through a magazine . 
 mandy began moaning and writhing in pain . 
 she struggled to get up to go to the bathroom . 
 as she felt herself growing more nauseous , she stood up and was overcome with a wave of dizziness . 
 she grabbed for the nightstand to steady herself . 
 it tilted and the pitcher fell off and landed with a crash on the floor . 
 she crumpled down on the bed and began retching . 
 she doubled over and vomited the foul smelling liquid over the bed , down her night gown , and onto the floor . 
 when buddy heard the loud thud , he dashed up the stairs and rushed into the room . 
 he saw mandy slumped over the bed looking more helpless and miserable than anyone he had ever seen . 
 he lifted her up and carried her into the bathroom . 
 she sank down on the edge of the bathtub . 
 buddy pushed an empty waste basket over beside her . 
 he rushed out and grabbed clean sheets and blankets from the linen closet . 
 he quickly stripped off the soiled bedding . 
 with many years of practice , he soon had the bed made . 
 buddy got a towel and cleaned up the mess on the floor . 
 he scooped up the dirty bedding and towels and tossed them in the upstairs washing machine . 
 next , he returned to the bedroom to find something clean for mandy to wear . 
 he started to open her suitcase , but decided to check in his closet first . 
 long ago , he had moved most of his clothing to his house , but he found , tucked in the back of the closet , an old football jersey . 
 it was extra-large , but at least it was clean and it would completely cover her . 
 buddy hurried into the bathroom . 
 he took a towel and gently washed her off . 
 he said , `` mandy , can you take off your nightgown so you can put on clean clothes ? '' 
 mandy nodded and groggily began tugging at the soggy garment . 
 buddy tried to look away , but he ended up grabbing the soppy gown and helping her remove it . 
 he unfolded the jersey and slipped it over her head . 
 `` mandy , do you need to use the toilet before you go back to bed ? '' 
 mandy nodded yes . 
 buddy helped her over to it , and she sat down . 
 buddy walked out and pulled the door shut behind him . 
 he took her soiled night gown and threw it into the washer and started the machine ; then he hurried back and helped mandy get into bed . 
 buddy brought the empty wastebasket back and put it beside the bed . 
 buddy felt her forehead . 
 it was still very hot . 
 he washed her face with the cool cloth and laid it across her neck . 
 she sighed . 
 he lifted her shoulders up so she could take another aspirin with a few sips of water . 
 he laid her back down . 
 she closed her eyes and dozed off . 
 buddy straddled the chair beside her bed . 
 it was very late , but he decided to stay in case she awoke sick again . 
 he rested his head on the back of the chair . 
 in the stillness , he could hear her breathing . 
 the steadiness of her breathing began to lull him to sleep . 
 when it changed , he came alert . . 
 as he watched , she began writhing , trying to sit up . 
 he quickly grabbed her shoulders and leaned her over toward the side of the bed . 
 he placed the wastebasket under her mouth just as she began vomiting . 
 buddy kept his arm around her and steadied her as she retched again and again until nothing more came out . 
 buddy cradled her against his chest for several minutes to be sure she was not going to vomit again . 
 gently he helped her lie down on the bed . 
 he watched her silently while she slept . 
 buddy sat beside the bed and closed his eyes . 
 he prayed , `` dear father in heaven , please touch mandy with your comfort and healing power . 
 please restore her health . 
 let her fever break and let her soon be well . 
 give me the wisdom to do whatever is needed to help her . 
 amen . '' 
 buddy looked at the clock on the nightstand . 
 it was nearly 2 am . 
 he gently touched her forehead . 
 it was still warm , but it did n't feel as hot as before . 
 he roused her enough to slip the thermometer in her mouth . 
 it had dropped from103 .4 to 101.6 . 
 about an hour later , she woke up . 
 he got her to take a few more sips of water . 
 he washed her face with the cool cloth . 
 before she went back to sleep , he took her temperature and smiled when he read the result . 
 it was now below 99 . 
 whether by the power of prayer , aspirin , cool compresses , or her body 's own healing power , the fever had broken . 
 he watched her for a few more minutes . 
 she seemed to be sleeping more comfortably . 
 he bent down , gently kissed her forehead , and whispered , `` sweet dreams , mandy '' before tiptoeing out of the house . 
 when buddy walked into his house , it was nearly 4 am . 
 he quickly undressed and fell onto his bed . 
 he slept for about an hour before the alarm rang . 
 he stretched and took a quick shower before starting the new day . 
 before eating breakfast , buddy peeked in on mandy . 
 she was still sleeping . 
 her face felt cool to the touch . 
 he smiled when he saw her turn her face towards him . 
 he wondered what she was dreaming about . 
 all he knew was , she was better , and he was happy about that . 
 he quietly walked back downstairs and sat down at the table . 
 soon the rest of the family wandered in . 
 he found madge in the kitchen and told her how ill mandy had been during the night . 
 madge looked at him astonished at all that he had done during the night . 
 `` why did n't you wake me up ? 
 i would have helped , '' she said . 
 `` i did n't want you to lose sleep , too . 
 luckily you 'd taken such good care of me as a child that i knew what needed to be done . 
 i just checked in on her . 
 she 's sleeping peacefully . 
 her bed is still clean , and it seems her fever has broken . 
 the dirty bedding is in the washer . 
 it 's washed , but i forgot put it in the dryer last night before i went home to sleep . 
 do you want me to go do that ? '' 
 he asked quickly . 
 `` no , buddy , i can take care of that after breakfast . 
 i am really impressed ! 
 it sounds like you did a great job . 
 maybe , if you get tired of ranching , you might become a nurse , '' she added with a laugh . 
 buddy chuckled , `` no way . 
 i just remembered how you took care of us when we were little and how much it meant to us . 
 i had a great teacher , but that 's not a job i 'd want to do all the time , or ever , for that matter . 
 while i 'm out doing my chores , will you look in on her ? 
 i 'm so glad she was n't travelling and all alone in a motel when she got sick . 
 i ca n't imagine being sick and alone . 
 i 'd never survive without you and my family . 
 i hope she stays here after she recovers completely . 
 i really like her , mom . 
 i 've never known anyone like her . 
 i feel so happy when she is around . 
 even when she was sick , i felt glad that i was able to help her . 
 i guess that sounds pretty strange , but i hope she stays here a long time , '' buddy said quietly . 
 `` so do i . 
 she is a beautiful young lady -- both outside and on the inside . 
 outer beauty fades away , but inner beauty lasts forever . 
 i 'll take good care of her for you -- just like she was my own daughter , '' madge said . 
 `` according to dr. massey , if she has the same stuff the others have , she should be well very soon . 
 it may be hard getting her to stay inside and rest . 
 we sure do n't want her to have a relapse . '' 
 `` i trust you , mom . 
 you always managed to get us to rest . 
 mandy 's in good hands . 
 thanks , mom , i 'd better get out and go to work . '' 
 buddy said . 
 later that morning , madge walked upstairs , put the wash into the dryer , and peeked in on mandy . 
 mandy was still in bed , but she was wide awake . 
 `` you certainly look better today than you did yesterday afternoon ! 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 madge asked . 
 `` buddy said you were really sick last night . 
 let me check your temperature and see how you are doing today . '' 
 `` i ca n't remember being that sick since before my mother died . 
 i 'm sorry i was so much trouble last night . 
 thanks for taking such good care of me last night , '' mandy said . 
 `` you must have been really sick . 
 i did n't even know you were sick last night until buddy told me about it this morning . 
 he was the one who took care of you . 
 he never even woke me up . 
 i was amazed when i saw how efficient and thorough he was , '' madge added . 
 `` now i remember ! 
 it was buddy in the room last night . 
 he was the one who helped me after i threw up . 
 was he the one who cleaned up the bed , the room , and me ? 
 if you say it was n't you ; it had to be buddy . 
 i remember when i took care of sick kids . 
 that was hard enough , but managing a sick adult ! 
 i do n't know how to thank him . 
 oh , my goodness , '' mandy blushed . 
 `` when i woke up this morning i was n't wearing my nightgown . 
 how did i get into this shirt ? '' 
 madge giggled , `` well , it is really refreshing to find a woman modest and sweet enough to blush about that question ! 
 do n't worry . 
 buddy is a gentleman . 
 he said he took you into the bathroom . 
 he had you take off your nightgown ; then he gave you the jersey to wear . 
 do n't worry . 
 buddy is n't a saint , but he is a gentleman . 
 he would n't take advantage of anyone , especially not a friend , when they were helpless and vulnerable . 
 he did n't want to go digging through your suitcase , so he found his old football jersey in his closet . 
 i must say it looks a lot cuter on you than it ever did on him . '' 
 mandy looked up , her eyes filled with tears . 
 `` i do n't know what to say to him . 
 no one has ever treated me so kindly , except my mom and dad . 
 i did n't know there were any true gentlemen left in this world . 
 you have raised one amazing son , '' mandy cried . 
 `` i have to agree with you on that ! 
 we think he is really special , too . 
 i realize i may not be totally objective , but he has been a wonderful son and a great friend to everyone . 
 i give all the credit to god . 
 we tried to raise him to be the best man he could be . 
 he is n't perfect , but i am very proud of buddy , '' madge said wiping tears from her eyes at mandy 's words of praise . 
 `` everyone has already eaten breakfast and left to do their chores . 
 do you feel well enough to eat some breakfast ? '' 
 madge asked . 
 `` i still feel weak and shaky , but something light and not too greasy or spicy sounds good . 
 just cereal or toast and a scrambled egg , '' mandy said . 
 `` good . 
 you stay in bed and rest while i fix a tray for you , '' madge said . 
 `` no , that 's too much trouble . 
 i can come downstairs to eat , '' mandy said . 
 `` no . 
 stay in bed and rest for now . 
 buddy 's orders . 
 he does n't want you to relapse , and neither do i . 
 it 's no trouble , '' madge insisted . 
 a few minutes later , madge returned with a breakfast tray . 
 it contained a plate of scrambled eggs , fresh homemade bread and a bowl of homemade strawberry jelly . 
 a small glass of cold water and a cup of black coffee were on the tray next to a single red rosebud beside the plate . 
 `` paul picked the red rosebud for you , '' madge explained when she saw mandy 's reaction . 
 `` this is a feast . 
 it looks and smells wonderful , but i do n't know if i can eat it all , '' mandy said . '' 
 do n't worry about that . 
 eat whatever you want . 
 you do n't have to clean your plate . 
 i hope you enjoy it and can keep it down . 
 i 'll come back and get the tray when you are finished . 
 just rest and get well , '' madge said . 
 mandy looked at the tray and realized she actually was hungry . 
 mandy put the tray down on the chair . 
 she started with the scrambled eggs and then finished with the strawberry jam slathered on the homemade bread . 
 last , she finished the coffee . 
 mandy picked up the beautiful red rosebud and smelled it . 
 she placed the tiny flower in her half empty water glass . 
 mandy smiled happily and settled back down on the soft squishy pillow and fell asleep . 
 madge tiptoed in a few minutes later to pick up the tray . 
 she looked at mandy sleeping peacefully and smiled . 
 madge adjusted the open window , closed the curtains , and dimmed the room lights before walking down stairs to the kitchen . 
 she washed the last dishes and put the tray in the china cupboard . 
 madge finished preparing the chicken before placing it in the roasting pan and setting the oven timer . 
 by the time the kids and melanie came in , the smell of roast chicken and stuffing filled the kitchen with its inviting aroma . 
 she scrubbed and oiled some potatoes and put them in the oven to bake . 
 lisa got fresh fruit and vegetables out and helped grandma madge make a fresh salad . 
 lisa helped measure and mix the soft white flour dough to make fluffy buttermilk biscuits for dinner . 
 chapter 4 when mandy woke up , she heard the distant sound of buddy and robert talking outside the barn . 
 she snuggled back into the pillow and sighed happily . 
 she sat up and stretched . 
 mandy looked around the darkened room and noticed it was nearly 4 o’clock . 
 she eased out of bed and opened her suitcase . 
 she took out a pair of beige slacks and a soft turquoise blue sweater . 
 it draped softly around her body and accented her figure . 
 she dressed quickly , walked into the bathroom . 
 after washing her hands and face , brushing her teeth , and combing her hair , she walked slowly down the stairs to the dining room . 
 madge smiled when she saw mandy walk into the kitchen . 
 `` you look like you 're feeling much better now . 
 how are you doing ? '' 
 `` even though i slept all day , i 'm still a little tired , but no more fever or nausea . 
 i think i am well again , '' mandy announced happily . 
 she walked over and watched paul drawing a picture at the table . 
 `` i like your drawing , but i love the pretty red rose that you gave me . 
 i think that rose may have had special magic in it . 
 when i saw it on my breakfast tray and smelled it , i began to feel a lot better . 
 thanks for picking it for me . 
 i still have it next to my bed . '' 
 paul smiled shyly and said , `` when i saw it , i thought it was pretty-like you . '' 
 mandy bent down and kissed his cheek . 
 paul looked up and smiled happily at her . 
 buddy hurried over from his house and arrived just as they were ready to sit down to eat . 
 mandy looked around when she heard his voice . 
 she noticed his hair was still damp from his shower . 
 when he saw her standing beside the table , he smiled and the tiredness she noticed earlier seemed to melt away . 
 buddy walked over and pulled out the chair for her to sit down . 
 he quickly sat down next to her . 
 `` i 'm so relieved to see you here . 
 you look beautiful . 
 you must be feeling much better . 
 you were so sick . 
 i was really worried about you last night , '' he said quietly . 
 `` me , too . 
 i have n't been sick like that in years . 
 i am feeling so much better . 
 i give all the credit for my quick recovery to a ` magic red rose ' and some excellent nursing care ! '' 
 she exclaimed happily with a wink at paul and buddy . 
 `` mom is a great nurse . 
 she had lots of practice taking care of all of us , '' melanie said . 
 `` mom really is wonderful , '' buddy said looking down at his plate . 
 mandy noticed a blush creeping up his neck and coloring his cheek . 
 she quietly slipped her hand under the table and rested her hand on his thigh . 
 his eyes opened wider . 
 when he glanced at her , the blush increased . 
 `` i will definitely give the nursing staff a big thank you when i figure out how to show my appreciation , '' she said giving buddy 's thigh a quick squeeze before moving her hand back into her lap . 
 madge kept glancing from buddy to mandy and back again . 
 her mouth twitched , and she struggled to keep from laughing as she watched buddy blush . 
 no one else appeared to notice the exchange between them , but madge had seen mandy put her hand on buddy 's leg under the table . 
 robert carried the big roaster into the dining room and put it on trivets on the table . 
 using a large carving knife , he expertly carved the bird and passed slices of the chicken onto the waiting plates . 
 madge passed around the potatoes , salad , and vegetables . 
 soon everyone was happily devouring the delicious meal . 
 when mandy thought no one was watching , she slipped her hand over and touched buddy under the table just to see how he would react . 
 he never said a word , but a red glow tinged his cheek . 
 mandy looked at him and smiled . 
 when he looked in her direction , she winked playfully . 
 mandy listened to the easy conversation after dinner . 
 she learned they had finished locating the strays . 
 robert announced , `` starting tomorrow , our next project will be to locate and bring in all the newborn calves and any cows nearly ready to give birth into the pasture near the barn . 
 apparently some of the calves born last year did n't survive . 
 when we were checking on the strays , there were n't nearly as many calves as in past years . 
 i think we need to bring all that we can find in closer to the house so we can be sure they get taken care of . 
 we ca n't afford to lose any of our cattle , if we can help it . '' 
 at the news that they would be going out to locate and bring in the new born calves and their mothers to the pasture near the barn , melanie sighed unhappily . 
 `` i was hoping we could wait until next week when my kids are back in day care and school , '' she said sadly . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` that 's my favorite time on the ranch -- bringing the tiny calves in and working with them . 
 i just love taking care of them . 
 if it was later in the month , my kids would be back in school or day care , and i could help with them , '' melanie answered . 
 `` well , why not let me watch the kids , if it 's okay with them , so you can help out there today . 
 i love kids and that would be a perfect way to get to know them better . 
 i feel much better today , but not up to all the riding outside . 
 i 'd enjoy spending time with them . 
 is madge going to help outside today , too ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` no , she 'll be here , but this is one of her busiest times on the ranch . 
 she is in the middle of canning . 
 we always count on her delicious jams and canned vegetables all year long , '' melanie explained . 
 `` if it 's all right with you , i 'd be glad to take care of them . '' 
 mandy repeated . 
 everyone agreed it sounded like a good plan . 
 after the dinner dishes had been cleared off the table , melanie gathered up her kids and headed to her house . 
 while madge and robert lingered at the table talking and reading the local newspaper , buddy walked over and asked , `` do you feel up to walking over to give thunder and buck a treat ? 
 if you are tired or do n't feel well enough , i can take them treats on my way home . '' 
 buddy said quietly . 
 `` some fresh air sounds very good to me . 
 i do n't feel like running a mile tonight , but i 'd like to go see the horses , '' mandy answered with a smile . 
 `` i 'll go get treats for them , '' buddy said . 
 `` i should bring some extra ones , because i forgot to take them any last night , '' he said sheepishly . 
 `` i 'll come with you . 
 i heard you were too busy last night , '' mandy said and walked into the kitchen behind buddy . 
 together they cut the apples and carrots and headed toward the corral . 
 buddy held her elbow as he guided her down the steps and crossed the yard to the corral . 
 when they reached to corral 's fence , buddy whistled and mandy watched buck and thunder come trotting over to the railing . 
 they began feeding the snacks to the horses . 
 mandy giggled when thunder 's nose tickled her hand . 
 silently they fed the treats to the two hungry horses . 
 when the food was gone , the horses sniffed at their pockets . 
 finding them empty , they turned and trotted back towards the barn . 
 mandy reached over and lightly touched buddy 's arm . 
 he turned and looked down at her . 
 mandy looked up and returned his smile . 
 `` thank you , buddy . 
 i do n't know how to thank you enough for taking such good care of me last night when i was so sick . 
 i will never forget how caring and wonderful you were to me . 
 no one has ever taken care of me that well , since my mom died when i was a little girl . 
 i am amazed and overwhelmed by you , '' she whispered with tears sparkling in her eyes . 
 she reached up and lightly touched his face . 
 her hand slowly moved and she gently tilted his face down towards hers . 
 she stood on tiptoe and gently placed her lips against his . 
 tenderly she kissed him . 
 for a long moment , buddy stood frozen in time and space while mandy 's kiss lingered on his lips . 
 finally , like a giant awakening from a spell , his arms gently surrounded her , and he pulled her gently against his body . 
 mandy , drawn willingly into the warmth of his embrace , her lips parted and the kiss changed . 
 when her tongue darted out and touched his lips , he pulled back slightly and looked into her eyes , and then he covered her lips with his again . 
 tentatively he opened his mouth and kissed her again . 
 he pulled her against his body and felt the sweet perfection of his first passionate kiss . 
 buddy had heard about this kind of kiss , but he had never been serious enough about any girl before to have experienced it personally . 
 the sensation of their tongues touching was thrilling , and he explored her mouth slowly and felt the sweet warmth of her kiss . 
 mandy clung to him as her body awoke in his embrace and kiss . 
 slowly buddy released her , and mandy staggered back a step . 
 buddy held her arms and steadied her . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` that was so much more than ` all right ' ! 
 i 've never been so beautifully or tenderly kissed before . 
 buddy , you amaze me and take my breath away , '' mandy sighed . 
 `` i 've never felt a kiss like that before , either , '' buddy admitted , `` but i sure hope i feel that kind again . 
 as much as i want to stay here longer , i 'd better take you home so you do n't have a relapse . '' 
 buddy put his arm around mandy 's shoulder and led her back to the main house . 
 `` thank you , buddy . 
 please go get some extra sleep . 
 i know you stayed up with me nearly all night . 
 i know it was you , not your mother , who took such tender care of me last night . 
 i will never forget what you did for me , and someday i will find a way to show you how much you mean to me , '' mandy promised . 
 at the foot of the stairs , buddy hugged her and kissed her forehead . 
 he said , `` sleep well , mandy . 
 get plenty of rest . 
 i 'll see you in the morning . '' 
 mandy whispered back , `` thanks again ! 
 sweet dreams , buddy . '' 
 she turned and began walking up the stairs . 
 at the top , she looked back and saw buddy was still there watching her . 
 mandy blew him a kiss and silently entered her bedroom and closed the door . 
 mandy leaned against the door and fought the desire to run back down the stairs to the warm , comforting feel of buddy 's embrace and kiss . 
 mandy shivered , acutely aware of the desire his kiss and touch had awakened in her . 
 she walked across the room and peeked out the window . 
 she sighed as she watched him walk across the yard and enter his house . 
 mandy 's hands trembled as she realized the depth of longing his kiss had aroused in her . 
 the wall she had built up to protect herself from the horror of jerry 's abusive , controlling ` painful ' love ' had been shattered , but not by violence or force . 
 buddy 's tender , loving care had deeply touched her , and she had freely opened the door to her heart . 
 that knowledge aroused both terror and hope in her . 
 long after she was snuggled into the warmth of her bed , mandy drifted off to sleep remembering the magic of that amazing kiss . 
 mandy blushed , realizing she had felt such a sense of loneliness and desire , that she wanted to run back to his arms . 
 alone in her bed , mandy knew if buddy had followed her to her room , she would not have pushed him away . 
 she would have opened her heart and all that she was as a woman and given herself to him . 
 this was such a foreign thought that she blushed again . 
 jerry had been the only man she had ever been intimate with , and that was only after they were married . 
 `` too soon , '' she shivered . 
 `` too soon , but i think i could fall in love with buddy . 
 please god , guide me . 
 show me what your plan for my life is . 
 thank you for letting me meet buddy . 
 protect him , dear lord , and keep him safe , but keep me safe , too , '' mandy prayed . 
 buddy walked up the steps of his house . 
 he turned and looked back at his parent 's house . 
 he sighed and bowed his head . 
 `` dear god , thank you for bringing mandy into my life . 
 you know me and how much i want to get married and have a family . 
 i really care about her . 
 if she is the woman you created to be my wife , please open the door to her heart , you know all my life i have been waiting for a woman to love and marry . 
 from what i have seen of her , i believe she is the one that would make my life complete . 
 please guide me and help me to win her love , if it is your perfect will for my life . 
 show me clearly and help me to be wise in making this decision . 
 amen , '' buddy concluded . 
 he walked into his house and hurried up the stairs to his bedroom . 
 tired from lack of sleep , but still tingling with excitement from the taste of mandy 's kiss and the feel of her body hugged close to his , buddy climbed under the covers . 
 when he closed his eyes , he returned to the memory of mandy 's warm kiss . 
 his heart beat faster when he remembered the sweet excitement that her kiss and closeness had awakened in him . 
 he was still snuggled in the warm memory when he drifted off to sleep . 
 in the morning when the alarm jarred him awake , he opened his eyes and looked around . 
 his dream had been so real , he sank back disappointed as he realized she was not there with him . 
 a guilty blush colored his neck and face as he admitted the depth of his desire for her . 
 in spite of the coolness of the house , buddy jumped into a quick cold shower and hurried to get dressed . 
 while walking over to the main house , buddy noticed a patch of wildflowers had started blooming . 
 he turned and picked a handful of the prettiest bunch , he hurried to the main house . 
 none of the others were in the dining room so he walked upstairs and timidly knocked on mandy 's door . 
 `` are you awake ? '' 
 he asked quietly ? '' 
 `` come in . 
 i 'm awake and dressed , '' he heard mandy say . 
 buddy quietly opened the door and walked inside . 
 mandy was standing in front of the dresser 's mirror brushing her hair . 
 when she saw buddy 's reflection in the mirror , she smiled and turned to face him . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you are feeling better today , '' buddy stammered nervously . 
 `` i was afraid you might have overdone it last night , '' he mumbled suddenly shy . 
 mandy recognized his nervousness and discomfort . 
 she smiled and walked over to him . 
 `` i feel fine today . 
 i think the night air last night helped me a lot . '' 
 mandy quickly looked down when she realized how he could interpret her words . 
 she had nearly admitted how much his kiss had affected and changed her . 
 buddy smiled nervously . 
 `` i thought these flowers would look pretty in here , especially if you did n't feel like going outside today , '' he said holding the flowers out towards her . 
 mandy reached out and took them from his hand . 
 when their fingers touched , she felt a tingling on her skin . 
 `` these are really pretty , buddy . 
 thanks , '' she repeated . 
 instantly she remembered how she had said ` thanks ' to him in the moonlight . 
 buddy fell silent as he remembered their kiss by the corral . 
 mandy said , `` i 'm looking forward to spending time with paul , lisa , and chris . 
 i 'm sure i am well enough to entertain melanie 's kids . 
 how hard can that be ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` they can be a handful , but generally they are good kids . 
 thanks for volunteering last night . 
 i know being able to help gather the newborn calves means a lot to melanie . 
 she is so loving and gentle with them , '' buddy said . 
 `` i think kindness and gentleness must run in your family . 
 i know from experience that you are great at tlc , '' mandy said . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` it means you are great giving tender , loving care when someone needs it , like the way you took care of me last night , '' mandy explained . 
 `` are you ready to go down for breakfast ? '' 
 he asked quickly changing the topic . 
 `` lead the way , buddy . 
 i 'm ready to go to work . '' 
 when they walked in the room , madge was putting stacks of hotcakes , piles of eggs , and strips of crispy bacon on the table . 
 `` good morning , everyone , '' mandy said . 
 `` how do you feel this morning ? '' 
 madge asked . 
 `` i feel fine -- lots of rest yesterday , good cooking , great nursing care , and lots of pampering . 
 i 'm a little tired , but i feel so much better . 
 i am looking forward to having a great time with paul , lisa , and chris . 
 if i felt any better , i 'd think i was in heaven , '' mandy answered with a bright smile . 
 buddy seated mandy , then he settled into the chair beside her . 
 soon grace had been said and everyone was eating . '' 
 mom , this is almost my favorite breakfast , but there 's only one thing wrong with it , '' he said winking at mandy . 
 `` you are an amazing cook . 
 just think everything on this table , except the maple syrup , was raised or grown on this ranch . 
 i am surprised that you have n't planted a maple tree and started making the syrup from maple sap , too , '' he added with a teasing glance at his mother . 
 madge laughed . 
 `` well , buddy , i really did think about planting a maple tree , but tommy in the garden department said the growing season and soil here are n't right for maples . 
 until i can figure out how to change the climate , i guess i 'll have to keep buying those little log cabin syrup containers . '' 
 mandy and buddy looked at each other and burst out laughing . 
 `` i told you she 'd have a good comeback for that , '' buddy chuckled . 
 `` i guess we can settle for store bought syrup , as long as buying food from the grocery store does n't become a habit . 
 i 've heard some families buy food from grocery stores all the time . 
 can you believe that tall tale ? '' 
 melanie added . 
 robert said , `` stop it . 
 mandy will think we are strange , like most people nowadays . 
 i heard some teacher in a school in boston asked her students , ` where does milk come from ? ' 
 and her students all answered `` from the grocery store . '' 
 everyone laughed at his imitation of the teacher 's voice and manners . 
 robert continued , `` seriously , i am really proud that we mainly live off the land . 
 no matter what happens , we will have plenty to eat and be able to take care of our own needs . '' 
 `` ranching is hard work , but it is a rewarding and a wonderful life , '' mandy agreed . 
 after breakfast , robert said , `` as i mentioned last night , i am concerned that we lost so many newborn calves last year . 
 there are n't nearly as many this year as we had in previous years . 
 several cows are nearly ready to give birth . 
 a few calves have already been born . 
 i think we should gather both groups up and bring them closer to the barn . 
 then we can feed and care for them so they will grow to become strong , healthy steers . 
 we ca n't afford to lose cows . 
 times are hard enough financially , and every steer is important to us . 
 are you ready to get started ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` sounds like a great plan to me , '' buddy said . 
 robert , melanie , and buddy gathered what they might need and headed outside to do their assigned chores . 
 a few minutes later , mandy saw them mount their horses and head out onto the range land to gather the calves and bring them back to the barn . 
 while the kids finished their breakfasts , mandy cleared the breakfast dishes off the table and helped madge wash and dry them . 
 the children came into the kitchen and waited anxiously for mandy to finish . 
 `` do the kids usually play at their house or at your place , madge ? 
 do you have any special routines or instruction for me to follow ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` they play at either house or outside . 
 just keep them safe , amused , and out of too much mischief , '' madge answered with a laugh . 
 `` they are full of energy . 
 they can be a handful , but they are all great kids . '' 
 mandy gathered them up and headed outside for a walk . 
 `` let 's go on a treasure hunt , '' mandy suggested . 
 `` you 'll have to show me around since i have n't explored here before . '' 
 `` what kind of treasure are we looking for ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` anything can be a treasure -- a rock , a bug , a leaf , a flower -- anything that you think is interesting . 
 almost everything can be someone 's treasure . '' 
 the kids scattered and located small buckets to hold what they found . 
 soon all of them brought their buckets to mandy so they could compare their finds . 
 mandy handled them carefully , examining them one by one . 
 she helped sort them by color , shape , or use . 
 she told them facts or stories about each one . 
 they sat on the ground around her while mandy told them interesting facts about their treasures . . 
 she asked them to choose two or three that they liked the best to keep in their treasure boxes . 
 the kids said , `` we do n't have any treasure boxes . '' 
 mandy said , `` let 's make some . '' 
 mandy found three old shoe boxes in the trunk of her car . 
 she emptied them and brought them over to the children to hold their treasures . 
 inside the house , she found markers , colored scraps of paper , scissors , and glue so they could decorate the boxes . 
 soon everyone was busily creating a masterpiece of a treasure box to hold their collections . 
 they carefully stowed their treasures into their boxes so they could show melanie when she came home . 
 after that , they walked down the long driveway to get the mail from the mailbox . 
 part way there , chris got tired , so mandy lifted him onto her shoulders and gave him a ride . 
 she jumped and skipped and gave him an exciting ` horseback ' ride . 
 after a few minutes , he was rested and ready to go again . 
 she put him down , and he raced the others to the ranch house . 
 madge was at the kitchen sink , peeling and preparing another batch of fruit to be canned . 
 she chuckled when she saw mandy trotting along the driveway with little chris laughing and holding on to his own personal ` pony . ' 
 they scrambled up the steps and raced into the kitchen with mandy right behind them . 
 after handing grandma the stack of mail , they each got a glass of milk and some cookies to munch on . 
 `` gathering treasures and mail builds up an appetite , '' mandy laughed gaily . 
 madge listened to the children laughing and talking . 
 she smiled to herself thinking how good mandy was with children . 
 paul asked mandy , `` do you have any kids ? '' 
 mandy 's smile faded momentarily , then she answered , `` no . 
 paul , i have never had children of my own , but i spent several years taking care of two kids named james and jenny , just a few years older than you . 
 we used to take walks and collect rocks , shells or anything else we liked to look at . 
 they also liked to sing , dance , and play games . 
 do you like to do that , too ? '' 
 `` we sometimes listen to music , but we do n't know how to sing or dance . 
 do you sing and dance ? '' 
 lisa asked shyly . 
 `` anyone can sing or dance if they just relax and try . 
 it 's easy ! 
 it is n't important how good it sounds or looks to others . 
 as long as it makes you feel happy when you do it , that 's what 's important . '' 
 mandy answered . 
 `` will you show us how to do it ? '' 
 lisa asked . 
 `` we want to have fun like you . '' '' 
 do you know if anyone has a guitar here at the house ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 paul ran into the kitchen and asked grandma madge . 
 she retrieved an old guitar from the hall closet and sent it in to mandy . 
 `` it was uncle buddy 's when he was little , '' paul said seriously , `` so we have to take good care of it . '' 
 mandy smiled , `` i promise to keep it safe . 
 i 'm out of practice . 
 i have n't played much lately . 
 first , let me tune it up , '' mandy said . 
 she adjusted the strings , strumming it until it sounded all right . 
 `` remember , it 's how it makes you feel inside . 
 that 's the most important thing , '' paul said seriously . 
 `` that 's right , paul . 
 you remembered that very well ! 
 do you have any favorite songs ? '' 
 they nodded no . 
 `` this is one my dad used to sing with me when i was a little girl like lisa . 
 let me sing the first part , then i 'll start over and you can sing with me . 
 just repeat the words i sing . '' 
 mandy began strumming the strings , `` there 's a hole in the bottom of the sea , there 's a hole in the bottom of the sea , there 's a hole , there 's a hole , there 's a hole in the bottom of the sea . '' 
 after she finished the first part , she began again . 
 the kids joined in shyly at first , them a little louder . . 
 mandy 's rich alto voice rang out sweet and clear . 
 by the second time through , the kids knew the tune and followed along as mandy added extra words and the story grew longer and funnier . 
 as it grew longer , it became harder to remember all the things . 
 by the time they reached the end of the verses , the kids were clapping along and laughing at the silly story . 
 other songs followed , and the rest of the morning flew by . 
 after eating lunch , mandy noticed chris was looking sleepy , but when she mentioned a ` nap ' , he frowned and said grumpily , `` naps are for babies , i 'm a big boy , '' he said solemnly . 
 `` i can see that , chris , but i feel a little tired . 
 would you mind if i just sit in the rocker and tell you a story while i rest ? '' 
 mandy lifted him up onto her lap and began rocking gently back and forth . 
 she started telling them a story about three children who lived a long , long time ago . 
 just by chance , their names were prince paul , princess lisa , and prince chris . 
 paul and lisa stretched out on the couch and listened to the story . 
 soon chris 's eyes drooped , then closed as he fell asleep in her lap . 
 mandy kept rocking and telling about the children 's adventure looking for dragon eggs . 
 mandy 's voice continued until all three of her little charges were sound asleep . 
 very carefully , she stood up and laid chris in the middle of her big bed upstairs . 
 tears filled her eyes when she looked down at him . 
 memories of james and jenny , the other two children she had loved and cared for , drifted in her thoughts . 
 silently she walked down the stairs , tiptoed through the living room , and entered the kitchen . 
 `` the kids are asleep . 
 do you need any help ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 madge glanced at her and asked , `` are you okay ? 
 you seem a little sad ? '' 
 `` yes , i am a little sad , but they are really great kids . 
 they just reminded me of the children i used to take care of , '' mandy answered . 
 `` where are they now ? '' 
 madge asked . 
 `` they 're in heaven now . 
 they died last year , and i still miss them a lot , '' she answered softly . 
 madge came over to mandy . 
 she put her arms around mandy and held her close . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i knew you were carrying a load of sadness and pain when you first came here . 
 this explains part of it . 
 losing someone you love is the worst part of living . 
 i lost a baby girl at birth . 
 that was the lowest , saddest time of my life . 
 i thank god for giving me my other children , but i still mourn the loss of my precious little candy . 
 were they your children ? '' 
 `` my step children , but i had loved them and taken care of them for nearly eight years . 
 i loved them like they were my own , '' mandy said with tears in her eyes . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 madge asked sympathetically . 
 `` it 's a long sad story . 
 they were all killed in an auto accident about a year ago . 
 their father was drunk and speeding ; he lost control , flipped the car , and they were all killed . '' 
 mandy 's voice trailed off and she began silently weeping . 
 madge hugged her close and comforted her . 
 `` i 'm sorry to be such a crybaby . 
 i try to keep everything inside , but i 've done more crying the last few weeks than all the months since they died , '' mandy apologized . 
 `` do n't ever apologize for showing your feelings . 
 crying is a necessary part of healing . 
 it will get better with time , mandy . 
 just keep on praying and trusting the lord . 
 god will see you through . 
 i know he carried me through when my baby died . 
 he will take care of you , if you will only ask him and then follow his leading , '' madge advised . 
 before the kids woke up , mandy and madge had dinner on the stove . 
 when they woke up and joined them in the kitchen , mandy put them to work setting the table and cleaning vegetables for a salad . 
 by the time the others started arriving back at the house , dinner was ready to be served . 
 the others wandered off to get cleaned up while madge and mandy finished making the salad and fixing cold drinks for everyone . 
 talk around the table was happy and excited . 
 it was filled with news of the successful roundup of the eight newborn calves . 
 melanie 's face glowed as she told how healthy and cute they were . 
 the kids finished eating and rushed off to retrieve their new ` treasure ' boxes . 
 they brought their boxes of special treasures in and showed them off proudly to the grownups . 
 very seriously , they told what they had learned about the rocks and objects they had found . 
 when they told that mandy had taught them how to sing , the adults coaxed them into showing what they had learned . 
 mandy blushed at their praise . 
 with mandy 's playing the old guitar and her rich alto voice leading the song , the kids joined in . 
 everyone laughed and clapped and by the end of the song everyone was singing and laughing happily . 
 paul , usually a little shy , solemnly explained , `` it is n't important how good it sounds ; the most important thing is if it makes you feel happy . '' 
 `` it sounds like everyone had a great day . 
 i got to hold the new calves , and my kids made a great new friend . 
 thanks so much , mandy . 
 you were such a help to me today . 
 i love you , girl , '' she added with a grin . 
 she gathered up the treasure boxes and their proud owners and headed off to her house to get them cleaned up and ready for bed . 
 mandy got up to clear off the table . 
 buddy rose and began helping her . 
 madge said , `` you do n't have to do that . 
 i can get it done in the morning . '' 
 mandy and buddy took everything into the kitchen and put them to soak in the sink . 
 madge and robert headed to their bedroom . 
 buddy looked at mandy and said with a chuckle , `` it sounds like you made three new ` best friends ' today , judging by the hugs and kisses the kids gave you before they left . '' 
 mandy laughed happily , `` they are so bright and fun to be with . 
 melanie has done a great job raising them . 
 of course , i think all of you have surrounded them and raised them with lots of love and discipline . '' 
 buddy cut up some apples and carrots and led mandy out to the corral for their nightly visit with buck and thunder . 
 each horse eagerly ate the apples and carrots , neighing their approval . 
 it was a very still and quiet night , and the stars seemed to burn more brightly than usual . 
 mandy sighed happily when she felt buddy 's arms slip around her from behind . 
 she leaned her body back against him feeling the strength of his body supporting her . 
 `` it feels so good being out here . 
 i love the night time on a ranch . 
 it 's so quiet , and the stars look like tiny jewels sparkling against a black velvet cloth . 
 i have really enjoyed my time here at the turner ranch bed and breakfast inn , '' mandy giggled . 
 `` the feeling is mutual . 
 we love having you here . 
 you already seem to be part of this family . 
 everyone loves you , mandy . 
 little paul brings you flowers . 
 lisa copies everything you do and is your little shadow . 
 chris hugs and kisses you even more than he does me . 
 maybe i should feel jealous , but it just makes me feel happy watching you and them together . 
 they want to lock you up , throw away the key , and never let you leave . 
 i agree with them . 
 i love having you here . 
 i have n't ever felt so happy in my life , '' buddy admitted . 
 `` i 've loved being here , too , buddy . 
 i am so grateful to you and your family for welcoming me . 
 that means so much to me , '' mandy sighed . 
 at the sound of an owl calling from the old oak tree behind the barn , mandy sighed . 
 `` it is getting late , buddy , and you have to be up early tomorrow . 
 i feel so good now ; will you let me go with you tomorrow to work the fence line ? '' 
 `` are you sure you 're well enough ? 
 i do n't want to take any chances that you 'll have a relapse , '' buddy answered . 
 `` i 'm sure i am well . 
 i know i 'd like to go with you ; that 's what i really want to do . 
 may i help you tomorrow , if i promise to take it easy ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` i 'd love to have you riding with me . 
 there are so many places on the ranch that i 'd love to show you , '' buddy answered . 
 chapter 5 after breakfast the next morning , buddy and mandy walked together to the barn . 
 together they saddled the horses , mounted them and rode toward the eastern side of the ranch . 
 the morning air was cooler than usual as they left the main ranch house and headed east . 
 the ground became hilly and they climbed gradually over a small outcropping of rolling hills . 
 after riding about thirty minutes , buddy guided buck up a steeper trail . 
 thunder followed behind him . 
 mandy breathed in the pungent aroma of pine and cedar trees . 
 `` we have a nice forested area here , '' buddy said . 
 `` in the summer , one of my favorite places to come is up here . 
 it is quiet and peaceful . 
 there is a small stream that crosses our ranch near here that has water all year . 
 one spot along its length formed a natural pool . 
 the water is always crystal clear , cool and inviting on a hot summer afternoon . 
 the end of the pool has large boulders that are perfect for sitting or lying on . 
 the ones in the sun , feel warm and cozy after a swim . 
 the ones in the shade provide coolness that refreshes the body and soul . 
 as kids we used to come here and play for hours . 
 now , i 'm the only one who comes here . 
 it is my peaceful , happy place . 
 i have n't ever brought anyone except family members here before , but i wanted to share it with you . 
 maybe in the summer when it gets warmer , we can bring a picnic lunch and spend the day here , '' buddy suggested . 
 `` you make it sound so wonderful , but i do n't know where i will be in the summer . 
 now that i see it with my own eyes , it is even more beautiful and inviting than you described it . 
 would it be all right to stop here for a little while ? '' 
 mandy asked quietly . 
 `` that would be fine with me . 
 we do n't have any work left that we have to do today . 
 it 's too cold to swim now , but i 'd love to share it with you , '' buddy agreed . 
 they dismounted and tethered the horses close to the water near a large patch of green grass . 
 hand in hand , buddy led mandy over to the edge of the pool . 
 he stood beside her in silence as she took in the site 's natural beauty . 
 mandy turned and looked at buddy . 
 `` i 've seen a lot of places , but this is the most beautiful spot i have ever seen . 
 i wish i could paint it or memorize the look , the sounds , and the feel of this amazing spot . 
 no millionaire in his most luxurious estate and swimming pool could ever be as rich as you having this in your own land . 
 this is a magical place . 
 thank you for showing it to me , '' mandy sighed . 
 `` i hoped you 'd like it the way i do . 
 that 's how it makes me feel when i am here . 
 i am the richest , most blessed man alive . 
 seeing it through your eyes is amazing . 
 i always felt like something was not quite right here , but i could n't figure out what was missing . 
 now i know . 
 it was you . 
 being here with you makes this beautiful place perfect , '' buddy admitted humbly . 
 he put his arms around her and held her close . 
 mandy closed her eyes and settled into his embrace . 
 she felt the cool breeze drifting around her while she felt the strong warmth of his arms and body against hers . 
 she laid her head against his chest and listened to the strong heartbeat and sighed deeply . 
 when she opened her eyes and looked up at his face , she saw there were tears in his eyes , too . 
 without thinking about anything , she put her arms around his neck and pulled his face down close to hers . 
 she felt herself being drawn deeper and deeper into his warm brown eyes . 
 with a moan , she drew his lips down and kissed him . 
 buddy turned her against his body and kissed her . 
 her lips parted and invited him inside to taste the sweet freshness of her kiss . 
 buddy opened his mouth and felt her tongue brushing his . 
 startled he hesitated , rejoicing in the newness of the moment . 
 slowly , he explored her mouth . 
 he had heard about this kind of kissing , but , except for the one amazing kiss by the corral , he had never kissed anyone that way before . 
 he felt stirrings deep inside that were unfamiliar to him . 
 he knew that what he was feeling was the most incredible experience of his life . 
 he felt a rush of emotion and realized he had fallen in love with mandy . 
 each day as he got to know her better , buddy knew he wanted to be with her forever . 
 `` i love you , mandy . 
 you are so beautiful , so perfect , so alive and warm in my arms , '' buddy whispered . 
 slowly mandy drew back . 
 suddenly , in her mind , she was back in montana , and she felt the world closing in around her . 
 the warm embrace changed to a feeling of being trapped in a vise . 
 she was confused and suddenly afraid . 
 `` perfect , '' the word screamed in her mind . 
 she closed her eyes and memories of montana came unbidden . 
 in the beginning , before she and jerry got married , he had said she was ` perfect ' and that their life together would be ` perfect , ' but she shivered remembering the horror that had followed . 
 the painful memories flooded over her . 
 she struggled out of buddy 's arms and walked away . 
 buddy watched her walk away and felt a deep emptiness inside him . 
 he followed behind her , but he did n't try to pull her back . 
 confused , he sensed that something was wrong , terribly wrong . 
 he swore under his breath as he felt her retreating from him emotionally as quickly as she was moving away from him physically . 
 after he caught up to her , he gently touched her arm and turned her to face him . 
 when she turned , he saw that she was shaking and tears were pouring down her face . 
 `` mandy , darling , what 's wrong ? 
 tell me and i 'll do whatever you need me to do . 
 just , please , do n't walk away and lock me out . 
 all i want is for you to be happy ? 
 please tell me what to do ? '' 
 buddy begged earnestly . 
 mandy gulped in a deep breath and tried to compose herself . 
 `` you , ... you did n't do anything wrong , '' she gasped . 
 `` it is n't you . 
 it 's me ! 
 i am so messed up inside , and i am afraid i may never recover . 
 i 'm not perfect . 
 nothing is perfect . 
 i ca n't live with ` perfect . ' 
 it 's why i am running away from the guilt and memories of my private hell looking for a place to belong , but i do n't think i can ever get rid of the demons from my past , '' mandy sobbed . 
 `` please do n't shut me out . 
 i ca n't help you if you wo n't let me in . 
 talk to me , please , tell me what is bothering you , mandy . 
 i will listen and accept whatever you say . 
 share your troubles with me , and i will help you carry them . 
 please trust me . 
 let me be your friend . 
 i wo n't touch you . 
 i 'd never hurt you . 
 i promise i will just listen and pray for you and with you . 
 do n't turn away from me , '' he cried . 
 mandy heard the raw pain and emotion in his voice , and she looked into his eyes . 
 she saw only love and concern in them . 
 mandy shivered and sank down onto one of the boulders along the water 's edge . 
 buddy sat down beside her . 
 he reached out and gently held her hand . 
 `` i do n't know how to explain what i am feeling . 
 terrible things are locked inside me , and i 'm afraid to let them out . 
 i ca n't hold them back any longer , but i am terrified of facing the memories . 
 terrible things i 've never told to anyone , '' mandy stammered . 
 `` let me help you . 
 ` dear father , i ask for your wisdom and your loving help for mandy . 
 she is in great pain that i ca n't understand without your help . 
 open her heart ; give her courage to release these things that are hurting her . 
 use me to help ease her pain so she can rid herself of these things that are destroying her peace . 
 fill her with your courage and peace , in jesus name , amen , '' he prayed . 
 mandy bowed her head and began speaking slowly , `` it is hard knowing where to start . 
 for nearly 8 years , i was trapped in an ever worsening hell . 
 after my father died , i started going to college in montana . 
 i felt terribly lost and alone after he died . 
 one day while studying in the college library , i noticed a man watching me . 
 i knew he was in one of my classes , but we had never talked . 
 he introduced himself , and he started talking to me each time class met . 
 he was about 8 years older than me . 
 he dressed in nice clothes , was confident , nice looking , and soft spoken . 
 as the weeks passed , we began going for coffee , and we became friends . 
 he told me his wife had run off with another man , abandoned their children , and he was raising their two young children alone . 
 he had finally divorced her , and he was sad and lonely . 
 i felt sorry for him and for his children . 
 i remembered growing up after my mom died . 
 when i met his children , we got along very well . 
 in time , he asked me to marry him , and i accepted his proposal . 
 he lived in eastern montana on a ranch next to his parent 's land . 
 they were very influential people in the area . 
 after i graduated , we eloped and returned to live at his ranch . 
 his parents were very upset that he and i had married . 
 they were wealthy and thought no one was ` good enough ' for their ` perfect ' son , especially a ` poor nobody ' like me . 
 they were furious that he had not married the daughter of one of the ` prominent social families . ' 
 apparently , they had not approved of his first wife either , but they definitely hated me ! '' 
 mandy paused struggling with what to tell next . 
 `` that sounds like a terrible situation for you . 
 did your husband defend you or did he go along with his parents ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` i guess you could say that he did neither . 
 he was their only child , and they had given him everything , except christian love and values . 
 when he was around , they barely tolerated me . 
 when he was gone , they did n't hide their hatred of me . 
 i came to realize that all he really ever wanted was a wife to ` show off ' like a trophy on his arm at social functions and someone to raise his ` perfect children ' in his ` perfect house ' in his ` perfect life ' . 
 i was kept like a ` perfect ' china doll to be trotted out to impress his ` perfect friends ' . 
 i lived a ` perfect life ' , except i had no friends , no car , no freedom , no warmth or affection from him , and no real life . 
 all he cared about was keeping up the illusion of his ` perfect world . ' 
 all i was supposed to do -lrb- or was allowed to do -rrb- was keep his house ` perfectly ' clean , make sure his ` perfect ' kids dressed and acted ` perfectly ' when we were out in public , and be a ` perfect wife ' , a beautiful trophy on his arm . 
 that was what my life was like , '' she said sadly . 
 `` was it really that bad ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` it was so much worse than anyone knew . 
 i came to hate the word , even the idea of ` perfect . ' 
 when you called me ` perfect ' , it was as if i was back in that living hell . 
 what i 've told you was just the tip of the iceberg , '' mandy said . 
 `` it was a nightmare existence , an illusion of perfection that hid a lot of dirty secrets . 
 jerry insisted that everything look perfect , perfect children , perfect wife , and perfect life . 
 he was very well-known in that area . 
 he came from an old prominent family and appearances were more important or valued than truth . '' 
 `` why was that a problem ? 
 do n't most people want to look good in public ? '' 
 buddy asked `` the problem was it was a total lie ! 
 it was a bizarre , twisted illusion ! 
 when jerry was out in public , everything was staged to look perfect . 
 he put on a great show . 
 he had everyone fooled ! 
 he was what my friend called a ` street angel and a house devil ' . 
 when he was at home with us , the real jerry showed up . 
 he drank heavily , and we never knew when the devil inside him would come out and hurt us . 
 his kids , james and jenny , and i were terrified of him then . 
 if they misbehaved or did n't move quickly enough , he 'd shake them , hit them , yell obscenities at them , or lock them in their rooms . 
 when i tried to calm him down and reason with him , he got even more violent with me and them . 
 i tried so hard to be the ` perfect ' wife and mother so he would n't lose his temper and torture us , but nothing i did was ever good enough for him . 
 he told me it was all my fault that he hit me and the kids . 
 if i were a better wife and mother , he said he would n't punish the kids or hurt me . 
 in time , i lost myself and cowered in fear of saying or doing anything except praying he would not hurt us anymore . '' 
 `` '' why did n't you tell someone or leave him ? '' 
 buddy asked horrified . 
 `` when you are in that kind of crazy situation , you begin to believe the lies . 
 he threatened me and punished me so severely if i upset him . 
 besides , he was mr. perfect ! 
 who would believe me , ` a nobody ' , a worthless nothing that i had become ? 
 i felt trapped and helpless , too scared to leave and too scared to rebel . 
 his parents never liked or accepted me . 
 they blamed me for anything that was n't right in his life . 
 i had no friends , no support group there and no way to escape . 
 people who met me thought i was shy and incredibly clumsy , because i frequently had bruises on my arms , legs , and face . 
 jerry would just laugh and tell them how i kept falling and hurting myself . 
 most of the time , he tried to make sure the bruises did n't show , but when he was really drunk and angry , he would do terrible , savage things . 
 he knocked me against walls , choked me senseless , and then say he was sorry and force me to have sex with him . 
 he was never loving to me . 
 he brutally raped me and threatened to kill me if i ever told anyone . 
 later , he would hold me and say it would never happen again if i could just be a better wife and mother . 
 after a while , i did n't know who was crazier -- him or me , '' mandy sobbed . 
 `` mandy , why did n't you just run away from him ? '' 
 buddy asked angrily . 
 `` i wanted to leave him , to take the kids , and run away , but he kept me isolated , without spending money or a car to drive , or close friends . 
 i ca n't explain . 
 i think you have to be trapped in an abusive situation to really understand it . 
 near the end , he began telling me i was a such a terrible wife that i was worthless to him , that no one would ever care about me . 
 he began hinting that he had killed his first wife . 
 the story he told others was that she had run off with a man who had worked at the ranch . 
 one day he told me that if he ever got tired of me , i would just ` disappear ' like his first wife jane . 
 ` she ran off and left her two kids behind '' he would ramble , ` but i know for sure she will never come back to find her kids -- not where she went ' he would gloat . 
 `` you could be next , ' he 'd say with a cold laugh . '' 
 buddy listened in horror as the story poured out of her like a flood that rushes over everything when a dam breaks . 
 `` how did you finally get away from him ? '' 
 buddy asked angrily . 
 `` '' i did n't really get away from him . 
 one day he had been drinking heavily . 
 i do n't remember exactly what set him off . 
 he was screaming obscenities at the kids . 
 i tried to pull them away before he got physical and hurt them , but he became enraged and turned on me instead . 
 he dragged me into the living room . 
 i felt his hands tightening around my neck , and he began squeezing . 
 i struggled and tried to get away , but then i started blacking out . 
 it 's strange , but for a moment , i thought maybe that would be the best thing -- to just drift away into nothingness . 
 i fell to the ground unable to move . 
 through the blackness , i heard the phone ringing . 
 when i came to , he was talking on the phone . 
 he had forgotten we were supposed to be at his friend 's housewarming party . 
 he yelled at the kids to hurry and get dressed . 
 he pulled me up and hugged me , and promised he would n't hurt me again if i just went to this one party and behaved properly . 
 like a robot , i got up and stumbled to our bedroom , grabbed a dress from the closet , quickly dressed and we climbed into his car . 
 on the way , he kept yelling and cursing instructions to us on how to behave , what to say and what he would do to us if we disobeyed him or did n't please him . 
 when he looked over at me , he noticed fresh bruises on my neck . 
 i had just grabbed any dress to wear . 
 i had n't realized that the dress was cut so low that the bruises from his fingers showed clearly on my neck . 
 he was furious . 
 he pulled the car over , dragged me out of the car and knocked me down . 
 he screamed at me that i was totally worthless , no good to him anymore . 
 he hated me and did n't want me anymore . 
 he kicked me and knocked me down into a ditch . 
 i think i struck my head when i fell . 
 he said he 'd come back and take care of me later . 
 he got into the car and roared off . 
 i heard the kids crying and screaming my name as he sped away . '' 
 `` i wish i could get my hands on that monster ! 
 he 'd never be able to hurt you or anyone again ! '' 
 buddy swore angrily . 
 `` what did you do then ? '' 
 `` i climbed out of the ditch and looked around . 
 i was about four miles from town . 
 i knew , no matter what , i did n't want him to find me out there in that isolated place . 
 i began frantically stumbling and running toward town . 
 i 'd gone about two miles when i spotted the lights of a small farmhouse . 
 i hurried to their door and asked to use their phone . 
 i called a woman i knew from church . 
 bill , my friend 's husband , arrived about ten minutes later . 
 he drove me home . 
 like most people who knew jerry or his family , he did n't ask any questions . 
 i was going to grab a few things and make a run for it . 
 i did n't know where i was going or how i would get there . 
 i just knew i had to get away before he got home or i would die that night . '' 
 mandy continued pouring out the hurt and fear . 
 buddy watched her and noticed she was trembling and rocking back and forth with her arms wrapped around her chest as is trying to protect herself . 
 he longed to reach out and touch her , but held back and listened silently . 
 `` when we reached the ranch house , there was a police car in the driveway . 
 jerry 's parents were standing outside the front door , too . 
 when i got out of bill 's car , jerry 's parents saw me and began screaming wildly . 
 `` you ! 
 you tramp ! 
 why are you here ? 
 you left with jerry . 
 why were n't you in his car ? 
 it ca n't be true , '' my mother-in-law screamed . '' 
 `` the policeman came over and asked me who i was . 
 after i told him my name , he said he had bad news to tell me . 
 he said jerry had been driving on sunset drive east of town when a utility truck pulled out in front of him . 
 he swerved the car and apparently lost control of it . 
 the car flipped two times , landed upside down in the other lane , and was hit by a pickup driving the other way . 
 the car had burst into flames . 
 by the time help arrived , everyone inside was dead and burned beyond recognition . 
 he added that they were searching the accident scene for my body , because jerry 's parents said i had been with him . 
 they figured i might have been thrown from the car . '' 
 mandy stammered brokenly , sobbing and rocking harder . 
 `` i do n't remember much after that . 
 i kept hearing jerry 's parents screaming that it was my fault everyone was dead . 
 if i had been with him , he would n't have been speeding . 
 ` you should have died , not the others ' , '' his mother yelled . 
 i sometimes still hear her shrieking that in my sleep . '' 
 mandy sobbed . 
 buddy quickly put his arms around mandy and held her close as sobs racked her body , and she collapsed against him . 
 he lifted her up on his lap , tenderly rocked her , gently stroking her hair , kissing her softly on her cheek , and whispering soothing sounds in her ear . 
 slowly , the sobs subsided . 
 mandy continued her story . 
 `` the next few weeks and months are still hazy . 
 the only thing i knew was that i could not stay in that house and area any longer -- not living next door to his parent 's hatred . 
 i decided i had to leave . 
 i talked to a christian attorney for advice . 
 i did n't tell him what i told you . 
 i just said i needed to get away from the bad memories that surrounded me . 
 he helped make all the arrangements . 
 since jerry and i were married , the ranch and house now belonged to me . 
 i sold the furniture and most of the stuff we owned , bought the old car that i am still driving , packed my clothes and a few personal belongings , and loaded up the car . 
 i put the ranch up for sale and left montana for good . 
 i felt numb , like i was walking in a nightmare . 
 i did n't hate jerry , but i was n't sorry that he was dead either . 
 he was gone , and i was alive and free . 
 that 's all i felt -- empty and relieved . 
 i felt terrible about the kids . 
 i had really loved them ; they meant the world to me . 
 they did n't deserve to die like that . 
 i felt guilty that i had n't been able to get them out of the car , even though i knew in my mind that he would never have let them out . '' 
 `` mandy , do n't blame yourself ! 
 there was nothing you could have done to save them . 
 he was to blame , not you . 
 it was just a terrible , tragic accident , '' buddy said firmly . 
 `` i know , but i still mourn for james and jenny . 
 they called me mom , and i loved them very much . 
 i know they are in a better , happier place now -- in heaven with jesus . 
 they will never be hurt or scared again , '' she said sobbing again . 
 buddy cradled her in his arms and continued rocking her gently . 
 he wrapped his jacket around her . 
 she laid her head against his broad chest and heard the steady beating of his heart . 
 finally she stopped crying , exhausted and unmoving in his arms . 
 all was finally silent except for the gentle whisper of the breeze blowing through the aspen trees along the stream . 
 mandy left her cheek resting on his chest . 
 she felt drained of all the hurt , pain , guilt , and terror she had been carrying alone all those years . 
 she felt a sweet sense of relief . 
 she had never told anyone what had happened to her during her life in montana or on that terrible night . 
 she had kept it all bottled up inside . 
 a feeling of comfort and caring surrounded her , and she closed her eyes . 
 silently , she thanked god for letting her meet this gentle giant of a man who was holding her and sheltering her in his arms . 
 she heard him quietly whispering . 
 focusing all her attention , she strained to understand his words . 
 in the silence of the afternoon , she heard him whisper , `` dear god , please comfort and protect mandy . 
 help her find peace and happiness . 
 give me the wisdom , the gentleness , and the time to help her through this terrible experience . 
 help her to feel you and your tenderness through me . 
 put your hand of healing on her heart and let her find peace and joy here with me , '' he prayed . 
 mandy sat still , leaning against him , savoring the strong arms holding her with such tender care . 
 she was n't aware how long she had been in his arms . 
 slowly , she opened her eyes and stirred in his arms . 
 buddy kissed her forehead and whispered tenderly , `` mandy , my love , are you finished crying now ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to hear all of this . 
 i never told anyone about this before . 
 once i started talking to you , it was like a dam broke inside me and everything inside poured out . 
 i did n't mean to burden you with my pain . 
 i 've soaked your shirt , and i must look a fright , '' she sobbed . 
 `` i am honored that you trusted me with this , mandy . 
 my shoulders are broad enough to help carry your burdens . 
 burdens are meant to be shared . 
 that 's the way it is with friends and family . 
 what you told me is safe with me . 
 i wo n't repeat what you said to anyone . 
 if you ever want to or need to talk again about this or anything else , remember my shoulder is a safe place to release your thoughts and feelings . 
 please trust me , sweetheart . 
 i really care about you , and i want you to be happy again , '' buddy said tenderly . 
 mandy felt drops on her cheek . 
 she looked up and realized tears were dripping off buddy 's face and flowing with her tears . 
 `` i 'm sorry i 've made you so sad . 
 i should n't have told you about this , '' mandy said sadly . 
 `` my sweet mandy , these are tears of joy for me . 
 now that you 've released this pain , you can start healing . 
 keeping it all locked inside is self-destructive . 
 thanks for allowing me to see inside you and share this with you . 
 as far as your looks , you have never looked more real or more beautiful . 
 now let me wipe away your tears and hold you , '' buddy said . 
 he stood up and pulled her into his arms . 
 she looked up at him . 
 he bent down to kiss her forehead , but mandy reached up and gently placed her lips against his . 
 a tingle of warmth and energy surged through their lips . 
 their lips parted and the kiss changed . 
 this kiss was filled with emotions so deep and healing that they defy description . 
 for a long time they stood there clinging to each other . 
 slowly , reluctantly , buddy released her . 
 `` it 's getting late . 
 we 'd better head back to the ranch before they send out a search party , '' buddy said with a soft smile . 
 mandy pulled herself free . 
 she walked over to the spring . 
 she bent down and splashed cold water over her flushed face . 
 her eyes were red and puffy , but when buddy looked at her , all he saw was the very beautiful , vulnerable woman that he loved with all his being . 
 his heart swelled with a deep , protective love . 
 they mounted their horses and headed back toward the ranch house . 
 they rode together in companionable silence , each one lost in their own thoughts . 
 when they rode up to the main house , melanie called out . 
 `` we thought you two got lost out there . 
 we were getting ready to go look for you . '' 
 buddy yelled back , `` i 'm sorry to prove you wrong again , melanie . 
 mandy was a big help . 
 she really does know how to mend fences , and she 's a great rider , too . 
 i think we should offer her a steady job , '' he joked . 
 mandy laughed , `` flattery will get you nowhere , but i did really enjoy helping you today . 
 thanks for everything . 
 would you mind if i go get cleaned up ? 
 i look a mess . '' 
 `` sure , go ahead , '' buddy added . 
 `` i 'll be in after i take care of the horses . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't mean to leave you to take care of both horses . 
 i can come and help , '' mandy said quickly , `` no problem . 
 i can handle both horses . 
 i 'm sure thunder will forgive you , especially if you bring him a treat later . 
 you 've helped a lot today . 
 go get cleaned up for supper , '' buddy called back as he led the horses to the barn . 
 `` i 'll be there in a little while to eat supper with you . '' 
 when they were safely in mandy 's bedroom , melanie asked , `` are you feeling sick again , or what stupid thing did buddy do or say now ? 
 it 's obvious you have been crying . '' '' 
 melanie , he did n't say or do anything wrong . 
 in fact , he was very kind and compassionate . 
 it was nothing that he did wrong . 
 i guess you could say the ghosts from my past broke out of where i had hidden them deep in my heart . 
 these tears were long overdue . 
 although i know i look awful , the tears brought me great relief . 
 buddy is a good listener . 
 he just lent me his shoulder to cry on , and he held me and comforted me while i cried . 
 please , do n't say anything to him or the others . 
 i had been holding back some painful emotions and memories for such a long time . 
 the pain of it had to come out so i can begin healing . 
 buddy just happened to be there when my emotional dam broke . '' 
 melanie come over and gave mandy 's shoulder a hug . 
 `` i 've got some great eye drops that really soothe and hide crying eyes . 
 i 've had my share of those , too , before i moved back to the ranch . 
 let me get them and help you with some concealing makeup . 
 mom is an observant softy and very curious , too . 
 she 'd be a good one for you to talk to if you ever need help or advice . 
 she 's seen this family through a lot of tests and trials , '' melanie offered . 
 after a few squirts of soothing eye drops , and some cleverly applied makeup , mandy looked much better . 
 `` thanks for everything , melanie . 
 you have all been so kind to me . 
 i 'll never forget you , '' mandy explained . 
 later as they gathered around the table eating supper , madge commented on mandy 's red eyes . 
 melanie looked at mandy with an ` i told you so ' smile . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm not feeling sick again . 
 i guess i am allergic to something growing out on that side of the range . 
 i sometimes have problems with plant allergens . 
 after a few days , i usually am able to adjust to them . 
 anyway , it looks much worse than it feels . 
 i 'm sure i 'll be better in the morning , '' mandy assured her . 
 before eating supper , the family joined hands around the table . 
 robert bowed his head and prayed , `` dear father in heaven , we thank you for today , for our many blessings , and for everyone gathered around our table . 
 we especially thank you for bringing mandy here to be with us . 
 bless her and keep her safe in your arms . 
 bless this food to the nourishment of our bodies . 
 thank you and praise you for everything . 
 in jesus ' name we pray . 
 amen . '' 
 everyone echoed the ` amen ' . 
 soon bowls of steaming vegetables , mashed potatoes , hot rolls and beef with gravy circulated around the table . 
 for the first time in weeks , mandy felt truly hungry . 
 `` there 's nothing like working outside doing an honest day 's labor to build up an appetite , '' melanie remarked . 
 after eating , they lingered over a slice of apple pie and discussed the events of the day . 
 mandy caught herself stifling a yawn . 
 `` there 's nothing like working outdoors on a ranch to make a person hungry , happy , and sleepy , '' mandy added with a yawn . 
 `` it 's getting late . 
 remember sunrise and chores come early on a ranch , '' robert commented . 
 mandy got up from the table and began gathering up the dirty dishes . 
 melanie stopped her , `` do n't bother with the dishes . 
 that 's my job , besides , you worked outside all day . 
 i 'll take kp duty . '' 
 buddy interrupted her , `` mandy , do n't forget you owe thunder a treat for all the work he did for you today . '' 
 `` that 's right . 
 i did promise to see him tonight with a treat , '' mandy agreed . 
 `` well , i know he 's partial to apples . 
 i 'll get some . 
 let me know when you are ready to go ? '' 
 buddy said . 
 `` anytime you are ready , '' mandy answered . 
 buddy disappeared into the kitchen and returned with some fruit pieces for buck and thunder . 
 together they walked down the path to the corral . 
 when thunder heard the barn door squeak , he ambled over to the corral fence and poked his head through the rails . 
 mandy gently called his name and stroked the side of his head . 
 he whinnied his greeting . 
 `` you have such a gentle touch , mandy . 
 thunder does n't usually let anyone touch his head . 
 he was badly abused before we got him . 
 he trusted no one . 
 over a long period of time , he slowly began to trust again . 
 now he lets you touch him , and he takes food from your hand . 
 that 's a miracle of patience and love . 
 thunder is a good judge of people . 
 we both trust you , and we love you , '' buddy added quietly . 
 `` thanks for the kind words . 
 that means a lot to me , buddy , '' mandy answered . 
 `` i do n't know how i can ever repay you for all the wonderful things you have done for me . 
 i do n't know how , but i 'm going to figure out a way to let you know how much you mean to me , '' mandy declared . 
 `` i do n't need any more thanks . 
 i like doing things for you . 
 mandy , you mean a lot to me , too . 
 i 'm so happy you are here . 
 i want to be your friend , even much more than a friend . 
 i pray , just like thunder , that you come to trust me like he does . 
 not all men are devils like your husband was , '' buddy declared quietly . 
 he reached out and touched her cheek , gently pushing a strand of hair off her face . 
 his hand tingled when it brushed against her cheek . 
 mandy put her hand on his , and she felt a sense of peace flood over her . 
 thunder nudged her and she stumbled against buddy . 
 `` did you train him to do that ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` no , but i like the way he thinks , '' buddy chuckled . 
 he bent his head down and sought the sweet taste of her lips . 
 she felt drawn to his touch . 
 she surrendered to his kiss with a feeling of total peace and trust . 
 his arms slid around her and their kiss deepened . 
 reluctantly , buddy pulled back . 
 mandy felt a deep longing to feel that peace and safety in his arms always . 
 `` we 'd better be heading back inside . 
 it 's getting late , and i do n't trust myself out here alone with you . 
 i do n't want to take advantage of your vulnerability , mandy . 
 i do n't like waiting , but i am willing to wait until you heal . '' 
 he took her arm and led her back to the main house . 
 `` thanks , buddy , '' mandy whispered . 
 `` thanks for what ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` for being you -- for all you 've done to help me today and for being so kind and sensitive , '' she said as she walked inside the house alone . 
 later , lying in bed , she replayed the time she had spent alone with buddy . 
 she felt her doubts and fears melting away in the memory of his sheltering , protecting arms . 
 finally she drifted into a peaceful sleep . 
 early the next morning , mandy awoke still feeling safe and at peace . 
 `` this is all because of buddy and the loving acceptance of him and his family . '' 
 she dressed quickly and headed down to the kitchen . 
 it was filled with the usual smells and sounds . 
 everyone looked up and greeted her warmly she got a cup of coffee and sat down at the table beside buddy . 
 sausage , eggs , fresh biscuits and homemade strawberry jelly soon appeared in front of her . 
 everyone looked up again as paul , lisa , and chris ran into the room . 
 they went around the table collecting hugs and kisses from their grandma , grandpa , and buddy . 
 when they reached mandy , they stopped and shyly looked at her . 
 `` may i have a hug , too , or is that only for family members ? '' 
 mandy asked with a grin . 
 each one gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek . 
 melanie grabbed plates and quickly served them breakfast and a glass of milk . 
 `` you have such a wonderful family ! 
 you are all so kind and caring . 
 i feel like i have known you all for years , not just a few days . 
 you 'll never know how much it has meant for me to have met you -- all of you . 
 it will be so hard to say goodbye to you , '' mandy said quietly . 
 buddy turned her around to face him , `` mandy do n't talk about saying goodbye , not yet . 
 stay here with us . 
 we all want you to stay . 
 at least stay until you know for sure what you are looking for , '' buddy said earnestly . 
 `` buddy 's right ! 
 we all love having you here . 
 stay as long as you want , '' melanie added . 
 madge and robert smiled and said , `` we 've got plenty of room . 
 you 've been a big help to all of us . 
 you are welcome to stay here as long as you want to stay . '' 
 after dessert , the rest of the family headed for their bedrooms to get ready for sleep . 
 `` walk outside with me a little longer . 
 i want to show you something . 
 it wo n't take much time , but i hope you 'll like it . '' 
 buddy took mandy 's arm and led her over to the barn . 
 it was dimly lit inside as they walked over to a small pen . 
 inside were eight tiny calves . 
 he lifted one up and laid it in mandy 's arms . 
 it stirred and nuzzled her instinctively looking for mother 's milk . 
 it made small mewing noises . 
 mandy felt the little life stirring in her arms , and she understood why melanie liked working with the calves so much . 
 buddy gently took the calf and placed it back in the pen with the others . 
 `` mandy , ' he whispered , `` there 's life here on this ranch . 
 it is growing and changing as we watch . 
 there 's love here -- all around you . 
 open your eyes and your heart , and you will find it here , too . 
 there 's a great future here on this ranch , in this family ; for anyone who wants it ; there 's love here , too . 
 that little calf just needs someone to protect it , take care of it , and love it . 
 that 's all anyone really needs , mandy . 
 we all need love , '' buddy urged . 
 he took mandy 's hand and led her outside . 
 they walked along in silence . 
 when they came to the third house , he led mandy up the steps , opened the door , and led her inside . 
 he lit a small light , turned it down to low and set it on the table . 
 `` this building is different than the other two houses on the ranch . 
 this one is not a home -- not yet anyway . 
 this is a house , because it lacks one critical thing . 
 this is my house . 
 it is comfortable and sturdy , but it lacks the most important thing -- someone to share it with . 
 mandy , i did n't plan to say this so soon , but i ca n't stand the thought of you leaving . 
 i want you to stay here with me forever . 
 i love you , mandy . 
 i think i fell in love with you that first day when we sat side by side at the cemetery i want to marry you and have a family with you . 
 i want to be the one who holds you , protects you , cherishes you , and loves you . 
 please promise me you will stay here longer and see if you can learn to love me the way i love you . 
 i want you so much that i ache inside whenever we are apart . 
 please , mandy , i 'm begging you to stay here until you know if you can love me , too , '' buddy pleaded . 
 he took her tenderly into his trembling arms and kissed her with all the love and desire in his heart . 
 mandy felt the warm security of his arms surrounding her . 
 although she felt his arms trembling , she knew the strength and tender gentleness she had experienced in his arms before . 
 she felt totally safe , cherished , and loved in his arms . 
 her body responded to his kiss , and her lips parted and invited him to kiss her again . 
 all the pain , fear , and hurts of the past faded at the feel of his arms around her and his mouth pressed against hers . 
 slowly , reluctantly , buddy loosened his embrace and pulled back . 
 `` this is happening too fast , buddy . 
 i did n't realize this is how you felt . 
 i do n't know what to say or do , '' mandy whispered brokenly . 
 `` do n't cry , sweetheart . 
 i know it 's too soon to ask . 
 i wanted to wait until you had been here longer and hopefully had begun to love me , too , but when you talked about saying goodbye and leaving , i could n't wait and take the chance that you would go away without knowing how i felt . 
 after all you told me today , i know you need time to sort everything out . 
 i wo n't take advantage of your vulnerability . 
 i promise to give you time and space . 
 no pressure , no manipulation . 
 just promise me you 'll stay around here and give me a chance to earn your love and trust , '' buddy begged . 
 `` okay , i promise not to leave without talking to you about this . 
 i am so flattered that you want to marry me . 
 i just do n't know if i am over the past yet . 
 i know i have never been , '' mandy paused . 
 `` do n't say anything more right now . 
 just give me time -- give yourself time -- to see if this is god 's will for your life . 
 take time to pray and seek his plan for your life . 
 i know i have prayed about this , and i believe god led you here at this time for this very purpose , '' buddy said . 
 `` i 'd better take you back to mom 's house . 
 another kiss like that last one , and i do n't know if i could pull back again . 
 i 've never made love to anyone . 
 i had never even kissed anyone like we did yesterday . 
 i have been waiting all of my life for my wife -- for you . 
 i want to hold you close in my arms , protect you , cherish you , and make love to you . 
 i want you to be my wife , my lover , my dearest friend , and my companion for all my life . 
 i promise you , i 'm not like your former husband . 
 i would give my life to protect you from harm . 
 i 'll never hurt or betray you . 
 i want you to know me and trust me completely . 
 i know that will take time . 
 please think about it . 
 i 'll be praying for god to speak to your heart . '' 
 `` i already know i can trust you , buddy . 
 it has just happened too fast . 
 my head is reeling , and i am confused and overwhelmed . 
 just give me some time , '' mandy begged . 
 buddy guided her out of his house . 
 he led her back to his parents ' house . 
 at the front door , he kissed her goodnight . 
 the moonlight added a glow to her face , and buddy fought the temptation to take her into his arms again . 
 `` you told me that first day that you were looking for a place to fit in , where you could be accepted for who you are , to be safe and loved . 
 my family already loves you , mandy . 
 melanie and her kids think you are wonderful . 
 when i got home today , i saw you and mom hugging in the kitchen . 
 you 've won their hearts . 
 my dad is wrapped around your little finger . 
 he is amazed at how you pitched in and helped yesterday . 
 they are all overjoyed that you are here . 
 we all love you and want you to stay here . 
 i know this has been sudden . 
 take your time to make up your mind . 
 give us a chance to earn your trust and love . 
 do n't talk about leaving , not yet . 
 wait and pray and then decide if you have found what you 've been searching for here , '' buddy added . 
 `` i 'll stay and see if this is where god wants me to be . 
 i do already like you and your family . 
 they are wonderful , loving people , '' mandy said softly . 
 she turned , and buddy watched her walk inside . 
 he listened to her footsteps moving up the stairs to his old room . 
 slowly , he walked back to his house . 
 while he walked home , he prayed silently , `` dear god , i ask for your blessing on mandy . 
 if it is your will that we marry , i pray you will open her eyes , her mind , and her heart so she can see and feel my love for her is true . 
 keep her safe and guide her in this decision . 
 in jesus ' name i pray , amen '' once safely in her room , mandy undressed quickly , climbed into the soft featherbed , and tried to sleep . 
 her mind was racing and she tossed and turned . 
 finally she got out of bed , knelt beside the bed and poured her heart out to god . 
 `` precious heavenly father , you know my heart and all of my life . 
 you know what i need and what is best for me . 
 i want to be kept close in your plan . 
 my emotions are so confused . 
 i need you to help me understand what is best for me , for buddy , and for all of us . 
 i know that buddy wants to marry me and that he loves me . 
 i know i feel safe and cherished when i am near him . 
 i feel so welcome and loved by his family . 
 i know what my heart wants me to do , but i ask that you show me clearly if this is what you want for me -- for us . 
 please give me a sign , so i can know the right answer , not just for me , but for all of us . 
 in jesus ' name , i pray . 
 amen . '' 
 mandy crawled back in bed , and forced herself to take slow , deep breaths . 
 in a short time , she relaxed and fell into a deep sleep . 
 while she slept , mandy dreamed about buddy . 
 he was standing in a dark place . 
 while she dreamed an angelic creature took his hand and led him to a sunny meadow . 
 then she saw the angel fly over to where she lay sleeping , and she woke up at its touch . 
 the angel led her out of her room and guided her over to where buddy was waiting . 
 the angel placed her hand in his . 
 they looked at each other and a rainbow appeared over their heads . 
 mandy sighed in her sleep and rolled over onto her side . 
 chapter 6 in the morning , when mandy crawled out of bed , she remembered her dream and felt god had given her that dream in answer to her prayer , and she was encouraged by it . 
 as she smelled the aroma of fresh coffee , her heart leapt when she thought about buddy waiting downstairs . 
 quickly she washed her hands and face and happily dressed for another work day at the ranch . 
 when she entered the dining room , buddy stood up and seated her next to him . 
 he got a cup of coffee and a steaming plate of sausage gravy and biscuits for each of them . 
 after chores had been discussed and plans for the day were organized , buddy casually announced that he and mandy were going out for dinner that night so he could show her around town . 
 mandy glanced at him , surprised by his matter-of-fact tone . 
 `` that sounds like a great idea , buddy , '' madge said . 
 `` have a good time . '' 
 the men left to check on the herd out on the range land . 
 the women decided it was time to work in the garden , clean the chicken house , straighten up and clean the barn , and take care of the new calves . 
 the women grabbed brooms , rakes , hoes , and shovels and hurried to the different areas . 
 while working together , they laughed and talked happily . '' 
 i 'm sure glad you 're helping us , '' madge said happily . 
 `` i really do n't like tending the chickens . 
 you seemed to enjoy the noise inside . 
 i 'd rather work in the garden than gather eggs any time . '' 
 mandy laughed , `` good . 
 i used to raise chickens when i was a girl in 4-h club . 
 i even won a couple of prizes at the county fair . 
 i 'm not much good working in the garden . 
 my thumb is definitely not green ! 
 all i raise in a garden is a good sweat , '' she laughed . 
 `` daddy is really right when he says many hands make the work light . 
 this has been fun working together , and the work is nearly finished , '' melanie said . 
 `` have you decided what to wear for your dinner date with buddy ? '' 
 `` i have no clue . 
 this morning was the first i heard we had a date , '' mandy giggled . 
 melanie looked shocked . 
 `` that crazy guy , '' she said . 
 `` did he forget to tell you about your date ? '' 
 `` i guess it slipped his mind , '' mandy laughed . 
 `` '' i do n't know where we 're going . 
 hopefully it is n't anything fancy . 
 i do n't have any formal clothes . '' 
 `` do n't worry about that . 
 buddy is n't the ` formal ' type of guy . 
 something simple is more his style . 
 remember , you are in a small ranching community . 
 anyplace without scattered hay on the floor is about as fancy as it gets , '' melanie kidded . 
 `` thanks for the warning , '' mandy said . 
 `` i think i know what to wear now . 
 torn jeans , a flannel shirt , and work boots . '' 
 `` maybe you should get a little more dressed up than that . 
 how about a clean skirt and blouse , '' melanie said with a happy chuckle . 
 the women finished their list of chores before 3 pm and went back to their places to get cleaned up . 
 mandy was glad to have some extra time to freshen up . 
 after a leisurely shower , mandy toweled herself off and scurried into her bedroom . 
 she looked through the clothes in her suitcase . 
 she found a pale blue spaghetti strapped sundress near the bottom . 
 she pulled it out , borrowed madge 's iron and quickly pressed out the wrinkles . 
 melanie came in , looked at her dress then nodded approval . 
 she took mandy 's brush and quickly styled her hair , pulling it up on her head with soft curls around her face . 
 `` i studied to be a cosmetologist a long time ago , '' she said . 
 `` i think i still have the touch , '' she laughed at mandy 's surprised look . 
 adding a light touch of blush and lip gloss and she smiled , satisfied at the transformation . 
 `` buddy wo n't be able to take his eyes off you tonight . 
 of course , that 's true most of the time anyway , '' melanie giggled . 
 `` you know he 's fallen head over heels in love with you . 
 i have never seen him act this way before . 
 you are so good for him ! 
 he 's never been much for going out on dates with girls . 
 he 's always been too shy to talk much to them , i guess . 
 he does n't seem to have any problem talking to you . 
 you have made him so happy , '' madge added giving her a hug . 
 she walked downstairs , then called back to mandy , `` buddy 's ready to go when you are . '' 
 mandy slipped on a white sweater with delicate seed pearls around the collar before she walked downstairs . 
 buddy was waiting for her at the foot of the stairs . 
 with a big smile on his face , buddy 's eyes followed mandy as she walked down the steps . 
 everyone peeked out as they walked over to get into his truck . 
 he opened the door , helped her inside , and then slid into the seat beside her . 
 `` i was n't sure where we were going . 
 i hope this dress is all right , '' she said shyly . 
 `` you always look beautiful , but you are especially lovely tonight . 
 everyone will wonder what a gorgeous woman like you is doing out with a shaggy bear like me , '' he said with a grin . 
 as they drove into town , he asked , `` is there anything special you 'd like to eat for dinner ? '' 
 `` nothing fancy or expensive , '' she said quickly , `` any place you choose will be fine with me . 
 i just want something light and tasty . '' 
 `` there 's a small restaurant that i heard has good food -- salads , steaks , and stuff like that . 
 it 's a little dark inside . 
 they do have a bar area with a trio that plays country music and a small dance floor . 
 i heard the music was pretty good , if you do n't mind sitting in the bar . 
 i have n't danced at all since high school , and even then i was never much for dancing , but it might be fun to dance with you . 
 i 'm not a fast dancer , but i might try a slow dance or two . '' 
 `` that sounds like a good choice for us . 
 i do n't usually go to bars . 
 i rarely ever drink alcoholic beverages , and i have n't danced much since high school either . 
 i know i told the kids it does n't matter what it looks like , but i feel silly hopping around like the young crowd does when they fast dance . 
 that does n't even feel like dancing to me . 
 i like being held close when i dance , '' mandy said . 
 `` i like the thought and sound of that , too . 
 that sounds like my kind of dancing , '' buddy agreed . 
 after parking his truck , buddy led mandy into the branding iron restaurant . 
 they waited until a hostess led them to a small table near the back of the western styled dining room . 
 the tables were made of planks of wood on which brands had been burned . 
 wrought iron candle holders sat on each table and iron sconces lined the dining room walls . 
 a few paintings of western scenes hung around the room . 
 other than the candles , the room was dimly lit . 
 mandy glanced around and noticed the room was about half full . 
 a few couples sat eating . 
 there were a couple of men seated at a table near the back door . 
 the waitress handed them menus . 
 buddy and mandy looked them over . 
 when the waitress returned with their water and silverware , mandy ordered a salad and a petite steak ; buddy ordered the same . 
 when the drink waitress from the bar came to the table , mandy chose a diet soda , and buddy ordered iced tea with lemon . 
 `` you could have ordered a beer or cocktail if you wanted one , '' mandy said . 
 `` i know , but i do n't drink alcoholic beverages very often either . 
 i never liked the taste of it , and i do n't enjoy being around noisy , drunk people , '' he added . 
 `` that 's one reason why i do n't go out very often . 
 did you want a cocktail or beer , mandy ? '' 
 `` no , thank you . 
 after seeing how it affected jerry , i decided not to drink alcohol anymore . 
 it changed him into a devil , and i do n't want any part of that , '' she reminded buddy . 
 they ate their salads and were finishing their steaks when two guys came over to their table . 
 one was a tall blonde , dressed in a fancy red and silver western shirt . 
 he wore tight designer jeans and sported a large gold metal belt buckle . 
 the other guy was shorter , and he was not dressed in such flashy clothes . 
 they stopped beside mandy 's chair . 
 `` hey , buddy , '' the blonde guy drawled . 
 `` i have n't seen much of you since high school . 
 you still working on that run down cattle ranch with your mommy and daddy ? 
 who 's this sweet young thing ? '' 
 he asked , winking at mandy . 
 mandy noticed buddy stiffen at his insulting tone . 
 `` it may be smaller than your folk 's ranch , but , at least , i have a steady job and am able to support myself , '' he shot back icily . 
 `` i do n't sponge off my parents like some lazy punks do . 
 i do n't have to go around trying to hustle someone else 's date , either . 
 that 's why she 's here with me , not you . '' 
 the blonde flushed and mandy noticed him drawback , his fists twitching . 
 he looked at mandy and said , `` why do n't you ditch this loser and go dancing with me ? 
 i can show you a better time than him any day or any night . '' 
 mandy laid her hand possessively on buddy 's arm , smiled warmly at him , then turned to the two guys standing at their table . 
 `` i 'm sorry you are so hard up that you have to go around begging for a date . 
 as you can obviously see , we are on a date . 
 for your information , that means two people -- that 's buddy and me . 
 we do n't want or need anyone else hanging around . 
 i do n't know you very well , but i know buddy is more of a man than the two of you guys put together . 
 he could wipe the floor with you , if he wanted to , but he does n't need to fight to prove he 's a man . 
 for your information , i 'm a lady . 
 i only dance with the man i came with , and i only go home with him at the end of the night . 
 if you so desperately want female companionship , i suggest you go look on some street corner . 
 there 's probably a hooker who might lower her standards and go out with you . 
 i 'm very proud and happy to be here with buddy , and i would n't have it any other way . 
 have a nice night . '' 
 she turned her back on them , smiled lovingly at buddy and totally ignored them . 
 the two guys stood there for a second looking stunned . 
 they quickly turned around and hurried back to their table thoroughly angry and embarrassed by the way she had put them in their place . 
 they glared at buddy and her , but they did n't come back over to bother mandy and buddy again . . 
 buddy looked at mandy with an amused grin . 
 `` you 're really something , mandy ! 
 that was beautiful how you told them off so sweetly , without ever raising your voice or using foul language . 
 i ca n't believe what you just said . 
 someday that guy will get what he deserves . 
 i just wish i could be the one to knock that smug look off his , face ! '' 
 buddy snarled . 
 `` do n't wish for things like that , buddy . 
 carrying hate and desire for revenge is like swallowing a bottle of arsenic and then waiting for the other guy to die ! 
 it can poison you , and the other guy does n't even know you are angry . 
 that 's why i was feeling so lost and miserable when we first met . 
 i did n't realize what a heavy backpack of negative emotions i was lugging around . 
 if it were n't for you , i 'd still be trapped in all that garbage , '' mandy said softly `` what do you mean , mandy ? 
 what did i do that helped you ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` do n't you remember what happened the day we rode to your special place , and i ended up drenching your shirt with my tears ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` of course i remember ! 
 i had never felt so helpless before in my life ! 
 you were sobbing so hard , and i did n't know what to say or do to help you , '' buddy remembered . 
 `` you did exactly what i needed . 
 you held me and allowed me to dump out all of the guilt , pain , fear , and anger out of my heart and soul . 
 i had carried it alone for so long that i did n't realize how heavy and destructive it had become . 
 there was no way i could ever find peace inside as long as that junk was trapped in me . 
 as those terrible memories and pain drained away , i realized they were why i was not finding any peace . 
 you will never understand how much you helped me heal that day . 
 i really think i began falling in love with you that day , '' mandy explained . 
 `` all i did was hold you , '' buddy said . 
 `` buddy , you accepted me and did n't try to fix me or tell me i should n't feel that way . 
 i felt such caring and tender compassion and safety in your arms . 
 that was what i needed to release the painful memories . '' 
 `` i never thought about it that way , '' he said . 
 `` did you say that you started loving me that day ? 
 does that mean there 's a chance you will love me ? '' 
 `` buddy , i know i care for you very deeply , and i feel very happy and peaceful when i am with you , but only prayer and more time will tell if it is the kind love that will last a lifetime , '' mandy said . 
 `` i 'm willing to wait and let god lead us , mandy . 
 your love is worth waiting for . 
 i 'm praying that god 's plan will bring love for both of us , '' buddy whispered holding her hand in his . 
 mandy sighed , `` sometimes when i feel the anger and guilt starting again , i can now stop and release it . 
 i remember jason , that obnoxious blonde guy who came over to our table , from when i was at carmelita high school . 
 he obviously did n't recognize me , but i remember what a mean , sadistic bully he was then . 
 some guys like jason do n't get better with age . 
 when i heard him insult you and your parents , i got mad . 
 his tone and cheap insults reminded me of the way jerry talked to me , like he was the best person in the world , and i was trash . 
 putting others down was his way of building himself up '' mandy said . 
 `` i still hope one day jason will get what he deserves , '' buddy repeated . 
 `` he will eventually get what 's coming to him , but we need to let god handle that . 
 we should n't hate anyone , even guys like jason . 
 we do n't really know what kind of life he 's had . 
 from the outside , it looks like he 's had all the breaks . 
 his parents had lots of money , and it is obvious they spoiled him rotten , but we do n't know what went on inside his house when no one was looking . 
 i realized that was probably what people thought about my life with jerry . 
 jenny and james , his two children , lived in torment every day of their lives , but everyone thought their life was ` perfect . ' 
 that 's when i understood why we should n't judge others when they behave like they do . 
 only god know the whole truth . 
 he knows their hearts and lives , so he should be the only one to judge others . 
 that does n't mean i have to like jason or what he does . 
 i just want him to leave me alone . '' 
 `` that suits me fine . 
 i 'll be happy if i never see him again , '' buddy said . 
 `` besides , seeing you and him side-by-side helped me realize again that he was someone i could never trust or care for . 
 you , on the other hand , are totally real and trustworthy . 
 you are always what you appear to be . 
 i know that i can trust you completely with my heart , my soul , and my life , '' mandy added with a new joy in her voice . 
 the next time mandy glanced around , the two men were gone . 
 after dinner , they moved into the bar and sat at a small table next to the dance floor . 
 `` i know it 's getting late for us . 
 since tomorrow is another work day on the ranch . 
 if you 're going to dance with me , this would be the time to do it , '' mandy hinted . 
 `` i 'm not really a dancer . 
 i 'm afraid i 'll step on your feet , '' buddy apologized in advance . 
 `` please , '' she said reaching for his hand . 
 `` it is n't really that hard . 
 i know you can do it . 
 i can show you a trick that works like magic . 
 trust me . 
 just one dance , and then we can leave if you want to , '' she urged . 
 buddy took her hand and led her onto the dance floor . 
 he walked over to the band and said , `` can you play something slow and mellow ? '' 
 he stuck a bill into their tip jar . '' 
 we 've got a perfect song for you two '' , they said . 
 they began playing the old country ballad `` behind closed doors . '' 
 mandy stood in front of buddy . 
 he hesitated , looking shy and uncomfortable . 
 `` buddy , this is easy . 
 i do n't bite , unless you want me to , '' she kidded . 
 `` put your arms around me and hold me close . 
 closer than that ! 
 that 's right ! 
 now all you have to do is move your feet and walk . 
 if you want me to come towards you , just pull me closer . 
 if you want me to walk backwards , just lean into me . 
 i promise to follow you anywhere , '' she whispered . 
 mandy put her arms around buddy 's neck and leaned against him . 
 she put her cheek against his chest . '' 
 trust me , buddy , it will work . 
 besides if you start dancing , i 'll give you a kiss , '' she added with a suggestive laugh . 
 buddy leaned into her and began taking small steps . 
 she moved backwards in unison with his body . 
 as they moved , their bodies pressed together . 
 mandy looked up and kissed his neck . 
 she ran her fingers through his hair and sang along with the music . 
 buddy began to relax as he felt her body moving in response to his . 
 he forgot his shyness . 
 he closed his eyes , and it seemed as if , in a spell , they were the only ones in the place . 
 they moved effortlessly around the floor . 
 buddy kissed her forehead . 
 mandy lifted her head and sought the sweet taste of his mouth and kissed him tenderly . 
 `` i think i want to keep dancing with you , '' buddy whispered in her ear . 
 `` that 's nice , but did you notice the music stopped a minute ago ? '' 
 she giggled . 
 `` hey , boys , how about another love song ? '' 
 he called and tossed another bill into their jar . 
 `` i told you dancing was easy , '' she kidded him . '' 
 another dance ; another kiss , '' she bribed him with a giggle . 
 they danced a second time totally unaware of others on the dance floor . 
 `` do you want another dance ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` let 's save your money . 
 we can snuggle and kiss for free at home , '' she added with a playful wink . 
 on the ride home , mandy snuggled against him . 
 she closed her eyes and felt unbelievably happy and safe . 
 when they got home , buddy parked his truck and pulled mandy into his arms . 
 he kissed her hungrily and she returned his kiss with total abandon . 
 she clung to him sighing deeply . 
 suddenly buddy released her and moved away . 
 `` this is wrong , mandy ! 
 i promised to give you time and space to decide if you feel the same way i do about you . 
 it is so hard to give you the space you need . 
 i should n't be doing this . 
 this is n't giving you either time or space , '' buddy apologized solemnly . 
 he moved farther away from her . 
 `` buddy , i want to -- , '' mandy began . 
 buddy interrupted her , `` please , do n't say anything more until you are sure how you feel . '' 
 `` but i -- , '' she stammered . 
 buddy slid out of the truck and walked her home . 
 he kissed her forehead at the door and then walked home alone . 
 once back in her bedroom , mandy paced the floor . 
 she had made up her mind , but buddy kept stopping her when she tried to tell him her answer . 
 as she walked , she thought back and remembered he had pulled back three different times when she had kissed him . 
 a terrible thought formed in her mind . 
 `` i wonder if buddy listened to my story and decided he was n't sure if he still wanted to marry me after all . 
 he knows now how mixed up i was and that i had lived and stayed with another man and allowed myself to be abused . 
 he knows i am not perfect . 
 i had sex with another man . 
 buddy 's kept himself pure . 
 he deserves a pure bride . 
 that must be why he is trying to push me away or stop me from saying that i love him . 
 i do n't blame him . 
 i can never be the pure woman he has waited for . 
 i wish i realized that before i fell in love with him . 
 he deserves someone much better than me . 
 after all , i 've already had one failed marriage . 
 why would a man like buddy settle for used goods when there are many unblemished women to choose from ? '' 
 mandy reasoned . 
 once she understood why buddy had changed , she sank down and cried . 
 `` he has been so kind to me . 
 i still want to let him know how special he is and how much i appreciate the sweet way he cared for me when i was sick . 
 i have to let him know that i still care about him , but i wo n't hold him to his proposal . 
 how can i let him know without putting pressure on him ? '' 
 mandy pondered . 
 while pacing around the room , mandy glanced at a picture hanging on the wall . 
 it was obviously a picture of a younger buddy . 
 he was smiling and holding a fish he had caught while fishing . 
 a post-it note was stuck to the frame . 
 she read the writing on the paper . 
 `` great catch ! 
 great trip ! 
 great son ! 
 love , dad . '' 
 the note was smudged and was obviously very old , but buddy cherished it enough to keep it proudly all these years . 
 mandy stopped and laughed . 
 `` that 's it ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` i remember the little notes my mom put in my lunch box when i was having a hard time at school . 
 after mom died , dad continued to hide little notes and surprises in my bedroom and jacket pockets . 
 mandy dug through the things in her suitcase until she found a bulging envelope that still held her special messages . 
 she lovingly pulled some out and read and re-read them for the hundredth time . 
 they were n't worth anything moneywise , but they were mandy 's most prized possessions even after all the years . 
 mandy sat down in the chair , picked up her well-marked bible , and a small notebook and pen from her purse . 
 she began jotting down bible verses that held special meaning for her . 
 she copied or modified some of the notes she had received , letting them reveal her thoughts and feelings about buddy and how much his actions had helped her . 
 other ideas popped into her mind and she scribbled them down as fast as she could . 
 ` your smile is brighter and warmer than the sun on a summer day . ' 
 ` a kindness shown by a friend is never forgotten . ' 
 ` your memory will always be in my heart . ' 
 ` god will never leave you or forsake you . ' 
 ` whatever the problem , jesus is the solution . ' 
 ` a strong man with a kind heart is the greatest treasure in life . ' 
 ` first is god ; second is family ; third is friends ; last is self . 
 live in that order and life will always be rich with love and joy . ' 
 ` a true friend is one who listens with the heart , does not judge and accepts you as you are . ' 
 mandy added quotes from 1 corinthians 13 , psalms , and other favorite verses from the bible . 
 before finally going to bed , mandy had a stack of notes to start with . 
 writing the positive notes removed her restlessness , and she was able to fall asleep . 
 the next morning , mandy dressed and walked down to meet the others in the dining room . 
 everyone was there except buddy . 
 the kitchen was filled with familiar delicious smells . 
 she helped herself to a couple of sausages , eggs , fresh biscuits with freshly made strawberry jam , and a cup of coffee . 
 she sat down next to melanie . 
 she had just started eating when paul , lisa , and chris ran into the room . 
 they went around the table collecting hugs and kisses from their grandpa and grandma . 
 when they stopped by mandy and saw buddy 's empty chair . 
 they looked shyly at her . 
 `` may i have a hug , today ? '' 
 mandy asked with a smile . 
 they clustered around her and gave her hugs and kisses . 
 paul sat next to mandy while lisa and chris sat between melanie and grandma madge . 
 a few minutes later , buddy walked inside looking tired . 
 he noticed his usual place was filled . 
 without a word , he got a plate of food and sat down next to his father . 
 he was quieter than usual . 
 melanie smiled at him and said , `` too much dancing and drinking last night ? 
 got a hangover or just overslept . '' 
 buddy did n't even look up . 
 `` neither , '' he growled . 
 melanie glanced at mandy and shrugged her shoulders . 
 mandy mouthed , `` i do n't know . '' 
 when robert listed the chores to be done , buddy waited until the end to make his choice . 
 madge and melanie announced they were going to do a cleanup of all the ranch houses . 
 mandy glanced over at buddy , but he was concentrating on his plate . 
 mandy said , `` do you want an extra pair of hands to help with the cleaning ? '' 
 melanie said , `` great . 
 the more hands to do the job , the faster it gets done . '' 
 madge smiled at mandy 's offer . 
 buddy said , `` i noticed the barn needs a mucking out . 
 i 'll take care of that job . '' 
 robert said , `` i 've got some tack that needs mending . 
 if you have anything wrong with your bridles or saddles , bring them to me in the tack room . '' 
 after the men had left for the barn , mandy asked if she had time to drive to carmelita to pick up a couple of things at the store . 
 madge and melanie said , `` no problem . 
 do you need anyone to go with you ? '' 
 mandy said , `` no , i think i know where to get the things i want . 
 it wo n't take me more than 15 minutes in town . '' 
 mandy dashed up to her room , grabbed her purse , and hurried to her car . 
 as she backed up , she saw buddy watching her from inside the barn door . 
 she looked in the mirror , but he did n't wave or walk toward her . 
 mandy put it in drive and headed down the driveway . 
 she sighed and shook her head sadly . 
 `` even if he 's changed his mind about wanting to marry me , it still hurts so much that he did n't even speak to me during breakfast or afterwards . 
 i was hoping we could still be friends . '' 
 when she got to town , she found a wal-mart store . 
 once inside , she located the stationery section and found several colors of post-it notes . 
 she picked up a few colors , paid for them , and headed back to the farm . 
 once she got to the ranch , she rushed back into the house . 
 she located madge cleaning in the living room . 
 `` can i talk to you about something ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` anytime , honey , '' madge answered . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` you know how much i appreciate all the work buddy did to help me when i was so sick . 
 i 've been trying to think of a way to thank him besides just saying it . 
 i want him to understand how much it meant to me . 
 i thought of something i used to do , but i wanted to run it by you . 
 it is something my parents did when i was young and something i did for my step-children , '' mandy said . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 madge asked . 
 mandy quickly explained about the little notes and words of thanks and encouragement they had hidden around her room . 
 `` i thought of doing something like that for buddy . 
 this house cleaning chore would give me the time and opportunity to slip some in where he might find them later . 
 i promise i wo n't put anything in the notes that are personal or inappropriate . 
 i just wondered if you thought it would be ok for me to put them in his closets and room , '' mandy explained . 
 `` here are some sample messages . '' 
 madge looked them over and smiled . 
 `` i think these are wonderful ! 
 i wish i would have thought to do that when my kids were little , but i might borrow your idea for my grandkids . 
 of course , no matter how old we are , words of encouragement and love are still great . 
 if i were him , i would be thrilled to find happy words meant just for me . 
 let me know how he reacts . '' 
 mandy hurried to her room . 
 she neatly copied the notes onto the colorful post it note papers and headed over to buddy 's house . 
 although she had been in it the night he had proposed , mandy had not looked around very thoroughly . 
 she filled a bucket with warm soapy water and began scrubbing the downstairs rooms . 
 while the floors dried mandy went upstairs and started cleaning his bathroom . 
 mandy glanced around approvingly . 
 the room was basically neat and clean . 
 it only needed a quick cleaning . 
 she moved the things on the counter and gave it a thorough wipe-down . 
 she tried to replace everything where she had found it . 
 she stripped the bed , took the soiled towels to the laundry area , finished loading the washer , and started the machine . 
 while it was washing , she swept and vacuumed his bedroom carpet . 
 she dusted the furniture and headed downstairs again . 
 she gathered up the magazines around the room and stacked them neatly by his recliner chair . 
 she finished dusting the living room . 
 by then the washer had stopped . 
 she went upstairs , put the wet load into the dryer and headed to the kitchen . 
 the kitchen was already tidy . 
 that made sense since he ate his meals at the main house . 
 she peeked into the cupboards . 
 they were fairly empty . 
 she took her stack of notes and began putting them in different places . 
 in the dish cupboard , she put a note in the bottom of a coffee mug . 
 inside the pots and pans area , she posted a bible verse from jeremiah . 
 she giggled when she put one in the bread box . 
 `` man can not live on bread alone '' it began . 
 mandy found some clothes in a hamper upstairs in his bedroom . 
 she separated them , put them in the washer and continued stashing the notes in the upstairs rooms . 
 when mandy was putting clean sheets on his bed , she blushed when she wondered how comfortable it would be sharing his bed . 
 she shook her head sadly remembering that she would never know the answer to that question . 
 since mandy was used to cleaning a house , the work was quickly done . 
 she walked through the house one final time , making sure everything had been done correctly . 
 mandy still had a handful of notes to hide . 
 she retraced her steps . 
 she placed a couple of notes in his closet , one tucked in his sock drawer , one in the middle of his pillow , and others in the medicine cabinet and the last one in the middle of the mirror in the bathroom . 
 satisfied that everything was clean and ready , mandy walked out of buddy 's house and closed the door behind her . 
 chapter 7 when she got back to the main house , she joined madge in cleaning the oven and refrigerator . 
 by the time they were finished with the kitchen , madge laughed and said , `` now that it is all clean , it 's time to start making dinner and making more messes to clean up . 
 what should we have tonight ? '' 
 she asked aloud . 
 mandy said , `` do you like oriental stir fry dishes or macaroni and cheese ? 
 if you are tired of cooking , i could make something for you . 
 i make a good chicken and dumplings dish or polynesian beef and broccoli . 
 i 'm not a great cook like you , but i am willing to help when needed . '' 
 `` that would be a real treat for me ! 
 i ca n't remember the last time i ate someone else 's cooking . 
 this family is n't very picky . 
 any of those dishes would probably be great for them . 
 let 's see what we have on hand and what we can create with it , '' madge suggested . 
 after searching the refrigerator and freezer , mandy said , `` you have everything i would need to make polynesian beef . 
 do you have rice ? 
 it is best served over rice . '' 
 `` we have rice . 
 what can i do to help ? '' 
 madge asked . 
 `` why do n't you just relax and visit with me while i work -- or go take a nap before dinner , '' mandy said . 
 `` i never got in the habit of taking naps . 
 i never had much time for napping . 
 mandy , did you and buddy have a fight last night ? 
 i hate asking . 
 i try not to interfere , but he seemed so tired and grumpy this morning , '' madge asked . 
 mandy shrugged her shoulders . 
 `` if we had a fight or a disagreement , he did n't tell me about it . 
 i thought maybe his staying up all night when i was sick might have finally caught up with him . 
 we did meet someone that he did n't like while we were out , but i thought he was okay by the time we left the restaurant . 
 i guess everyone has the right to be tired and out of sorts sometimes . 
 i hope he is feeling happier tonight . '' 
 `` good . 
 i thought you two were getting along so well . 
 he has been so happy since you arrived . 
 he has always worked very hard to make the ranch profitable . 
 we would be lost without his help , '' madge admitted . 
 `` i can see how proud he is of the ranch , so i do n't believe he thinks of it as hard work . 
 he 's very nice and friendly , just like the rest of your family . 
 thanks for letting me stay here , but i do want to pay for my room and board , '' mandy added . 
 `` we 're just happy to have you here , besides you 've pitched in and helped with the work . 
 that is worth more than money to us . 
 just stay as long as you want . '' 
 when the men came in from work , buddy sat next to his mother across from where mandy was sitting . 
 mandy brought in a large covered skillet and a bowl of fried rice . 
 `` this is a dish that my family used to enjoy . 
 i volunteered to spell madge tonight and cook dinner . 
 i hope you enjoy it . 
 it 's called polynesian beef . 
 i learned to make if from a woman who grew up in guam . 
 the way we ate it was to put rice on the plate and then spoon the meat mixture over the rice . 
 if you do n't like it , i guess i can make you a sandwich or warm up leftovers for you . '' 
 robert served himself . 
 he said , `` this looks good , and it smells delicious . 
 wow ! 
 this is really tasty , mandy . 
 i think you should show madge how to make this . 
 i like the way the sauce makes the rice taste . 
 great job , '' he said with a pleased smile . 
 after that madge , melanie , and buddy helped themselves . 
 melanie gave each of the kids some of the mixture to try . 
 soon everyone was busy eating the new food mandy had prepared . 
 when mandy glanced around the table , she noticed most of the plates were empty . 
 `` yummy ! '' 
 paul declared . 
 buddy looked up and smiled , `` would you mind if i had another helping ? 
 that really does taste good , '' buddy added . 
 `` there 's plenty for everyone . 
 i 'm glad you liked it , '' mandy answered with a pleased smile . 
 a few minutes after dinner , buddy excused himself and walked home . 
 he stopped by the corral and gave a few treats to buck and thunder . 
 thunder whinnied and shook his head . 
 it was almost like he was asking , `` where 's mandy ? 
 i miss being petted by her . '' 
 buddy kicked at a dirt clod and swore . 
 `` i know , thunder , i wish she was here , too , but i promised to give her time and space . 
 i did n't know time could go so slow , or that i would miss her so much , '' he muttered . 
 he walked slowly back to his house and stomped inside . 
 he turned on the radio and sank down in his recliner to read a magazine . 
 he picked up the top magazine and began thumbing through it . 
 nothing caught his attention . 
 he put it down and tried the next one . 
 he was surprised to see a bright yellow slip of paper tucked into the magazine he pulled it out and read it . 
 ` true friends are the beautiful flowers in god 's garden of life . ' 
 he did n't recognize the handwriting , and he wondered where it had come from . 
 he was still puzzling over the strange note , when he realized the song on the radio was `` behind closed doors . '' 
 he snapped it off angrily , closed his eyes , and groaned with frustration . 
 he turned off the lights and walked upstairs . 
 he went into the bathroom and washed his face and hands . 
 when he grabbed the towel hanging on the towel rack , he saw a bright pink piece of paper fall down onto the floor . 
 he bent down and picked it up . 
 when he looked at it , he saw song of solomon 5:16 neatly printed on the other side . 
 buddy looked around wondering what it meant . 
 he walked over to his bed and took his bible off the nightstand . 
 he turned to song of solomon 5:16 and read , `` his mouth is sweetness itself ; he is desirable in every way . 
 such , oh women of jerusalem , is my lover , my friend . '' 
 buddy quickly re-read it . 
 suddenly , he understood what it meant . 
 he closed his eyes and pictured mandy lips on his . 
 a smile spread across his face as he thought about the kisses they had shared . 
 he carefully stuck the message on the medicine cabinet mirror . 
 `` mandy , '' he murmured . 
 `` this must be from you . 
 i want so much to feel the sweetness of your kiss . '' 
 buddy crawled into bed with renewed hope . 
 in the days that followed , buddy purposefully did not sit beside mandy . 
 he was careful to keep away from her during work time . 
 at the table during meals , he talked when spoken to , but did not go walking with her afterwards . 
 it killed him being in the same room with her , but not beside her ; but he knew he had to keep his promise to give her space and time to think so she could make up her mind without feeling pressure from him . 
 each day and night that passed this way was torture for mandy . 
 she felt lost and confused . 
 his sudden change made her believe he had thought about her past and no longer wanted her . 
 she searched her mind . 
 `` did i say or do anything that would make him turn away so abruptly ? '' 
 during the meals , buddy purposefully did not sit next to her . 
 he waited and deliberately chose chores she was not going to be doing . 
 he kept at a distance trying to keep his promise to give her space so she could make up her mind without pressure from him . 
 after dinner , he gave her a light kiss on the forehead or cheek at the kitchen door and hurriedly walked to his house . 
 the rest of the week passed the same way . 
 he made sure they did n't have any time alone together . 
 mandy felt abandoned and hurt . 
 she knew what her heart wanted and needed , but she understood why he had changed his mind . 
 she wondered during the restless nights if she had said or done anything wrong , or had he just decided that she was not ` good ' enough to marry ? 
 she remembered jerry 's hateful words , `` who 'd want you ? 
 you 're damaged goods -- someone 's leftovers . '' 
 she was tortured by the sudden change in buddy 's behavior . 
 her spirits sank , and she was filled with self-doubts . 
 mandy knew she loved buddy , and she wondered how she would ever be able to live without him . 
 then she wondered if she would have the courage to stay and just be friends with him . 
 being around him like this was uncomfortable and lonely ; the thought of not being near him at all was even worse . 
 as each day passed , buddy was getting more and more gloomy and withdrawn . 
 the waiting was driving him crazy . 
 he no longer joked around or tried to sit next to her at meals . 
 he sadly went out to give treats to buck and thunder alone . 
 mandy watched him heading towards the corral and felt lost and forsaken . 
 she ached to feel his arms around her and his lips on hers . 
 at night , she had trouble falling asleep . 
 when she did sleep , dreams and memories tormented her . 
 the others noticed the change in both of them , but they were hesitant to ask either one about it . 
 finally melanie could stand it no longer . 
 the next day she cornered mandy in her room . 
 `` what 's happened between you and buddy ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` he 's as grumpy as bear with a toothache . 
 he is n't smiling or joking around anymore . 
 he has n't been following you around like a lost puppy . 
 did you two have a fight ? 
 come clean , mandy . 
 i ca n't stand seeing you both so unhappy ? '' 
 `` i do n't really know what changed . 
 i ca n't understand it , either . 
 we did n't have a fight -- not that i know of anyway . 
 he just stopped talking and pulled away , '' mandy answered sadly . 
 `` you two seemed to be getting along so well and were falling in love . 
 i thought sure he wanted to marry you , '' melanie stated . 
 `` i thought so , too . 
 i really should n't say more ; i do n't think he 'd want anyone else to know , '' mandy said . '' 
 know what ? 
 i promise i wo n't say a word to anyone . 
 what happened ? '' 
 melanie asked again . 
 `` last week before we went out for dinner , buddy told me he wanted to marry me . 
 i told him we were moving too fast . 
 i just came out of a terrible relationship . 
 a few days before that , i had told him all the ugly details . 
 his proposal came so suddenly , i thought he was feeling sorry for me , and wanted to build me up and make me feel better . 
 i was caught off guard and did n't know what to say . 
 he asked me to promise to stay around until i decided if i loved him the same way . 
 he promised to give me time and space to make up my mind . 
 since the night we went out , he 's changed completely , and i am so confused . 
 i realized after we went out that night that i do love him , and i do want to marry him . 
 i tried to tell him that , but each time i tried to talk to him about it , he interrupted me and told me not to say anything more . 
 i think he thought about my past and decided he does n't want to marry me anymore , but he does n't know how to tell me he 's changed his mind . 
 melanie , i love him so much . 
 i ache at night thinking about him . 
 i love him . 
 i love all of you . 
 if he does n't want me , now that he knows more about me , then there is no hope left for me here . 
 the thought of leaving here and going away is terrible , but i do n't know if i can stay here seeing him , and knowing he does n't love me . 
 either way , i will lose all that has become important to me . '' 
 `` mandy , i do n't know what you told him about your past . 
 you seem so sweet ! 
 what could you have done in the past that would change his feelings ? '' 
 melanie asked softly . 
 mandy said , `` it 's a long sad story . 
 it is n't so much what i did . 
 it just might have been too much for him to forget . '' 
 mandy sat down on the bed and told melanie about her life with jerry . 
 `` the day i arrived here , i was carrying all those bitter memories . 
 i 'm sure that 's why i reacted so violently when buddy made me feel unwanted and unwelcome at the card game . 
 i 'd been travelling about three months and had n't found any place where i felt peace and safety . 
 i had begun to believe i would never find a caring place again . 
 that 's why i was so impressed with your caring attitude and felt so comfortable and accepted here at the ranch . 
 you and your parents gave me hope and a sense of belonging , but all the painful memories were still trapped inside . '' 
 `` i wondered why you were so upset at the card game . 
 they must have treated you very badly to have hurt you so much , '' melanie said . 
 `` i did n't realize how deeply it had wounded me until the day after i was sick and i went riding with buddy . 
 something broke inside of me . 
 all the terrible memories and emotions i had dammed up inside me broke loose . 
 the dam collapsed , and all the pain and guilt i had carried with me from montana came gushing out . 
 buddy was amazing , so gentle , sweet and caring . 
 he let me talk . 
 he held me while i cried . 
 i can still feel his arms around me , comforting me . 
 after i finished telling him what i just told you , he held me on his lap and rocked me gently like a hurt child until i had no tears left . 
 i never felt so loved and cherished . 
 i will never forget his incredible tenderness . 
 i really think i fell in love with him that day . 
 every day that i have been with him since then , i have grown to love him more and more . 
 do you remember when we first met , i told you i was looking for a place to belong , and to feel safe ? 
 melanie , i found all of that here on this ranch and more . 
 i found everything i needed in buddy 's arms and in the welcoming warmth and acceptance of your family . 
 i found a love so sweet and pure and strong in buddy 's embrace and such incredible joy in his kisses . 
 i love him with all my heart and soul , '' mandy confessed finally . 
 `` there has to be some misunderstanding , mandy . 
 i do n't believe anything in your past would keep buddy from loving you . 
 i think it would only make him love you and want to protect you even more . '' 
 melanie asked , `` mandy , if buddy asked you to marry him again , what would you tell him now ? '' 
 `` that 's easy ! 
 i 'd say yes , of course . 
 i know i found everything i ever dreamed about in my whole life in his arms . 
 now , i 'm so confused ; i do n't know what to do , '' mandy cried . 
 `` what a confused mess ! 
 no wonder you are both looking so miserable ! '' 
 exclaimed melanie . 
 `` mandy , you have to tell buddy how you feel about him . 
 i know my brother , and his heart is true and belongs only to you . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid to tell him . 
 i do n't know if i could recover if he rejected me now . 
 maybe it would be better for me to leave here and try to forget everything that happened between buddy and me , '' mandy said hopelessly . 
 melanie said , `` do n't do anything rash like leaving here . 
 pray and put your trust in god . '' 
 she gave mandy a long hug and left her in her bedroom . 
 after melanie walked inside her house , she pulled out her cell phone and called buddy . 
 `` buddy , can you come to my house for a few minutes right now ? 
 i know it 's late , but i need to talk to you tonight . 
 it is very important '' `` sure , sis , i 'll be over in a few minutes , '' buddy answered . 
 he pulled his boots back on and walked over to melanie 's house . 
 `` what 's the problem ? '' 
 he asked when he walked inside . 
 `` buddy , i usually try to stay out of other people 's business , but i 'm really worried about you . 
 you seem so sad , anxious , and angry . 
 you 're just not yourself . 
 what 's bothering you ? 
 does this have anything to do with mandy ? '' 
 she asked finally . 
 `` mandy ? 
 what do you mean ? 
 i do n't know what you 're talking about ? '' 
 buddy blustered . 
 `` buddy , i 've known you since i was born . 
 i can see how miserable you are . 
 i love you so much , and i know you love mandy . 
 why do n't you tell her how you feel ? 
 do n't be shy and let her get away . 
 she is definitely a keeper ! 
 besides she loves you . 
 are you just going to sit around moping and let her leave this ranch ? '' 
 melanie scolded . 
 `` what makes you think she loves me ? '' 
 buddy asked quickly . 
 `` she just told me that she loves you with all her heart . 
 she told me she found everything she ever wanted in your arms and kisses , '' melanie replied . 
 `` she said that to you ? '' 
 he asked incredulously . 
 `` that 's word for word what she said . 
 what are you going to do about it ? '' 
 `` i do n't understand ! 
 why did she tell you that instead of me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` because you keep avoiding her and interrupting her whenever she tries to talk to you ! 
 now she 's afraid you 've reconsidered and do n't love her anymore . 
 she is afraid you thought about her past and have changed your mind about her . 
 she 's waiting for you to ask her again . 
 this time you need to do a better job than the last time . 
 i 'm sorry to interfere , but she was crying and feeling hopeless . 
 she told me you proposed a few days ago , but she said she was n't sure how she felt . . 
 now she is sure , but she 's too afraid of being rejected to tell you . 
 she 's afraid you do n't want her anymore . '' 
 `` that 's crazy , melanie . 
 i have never loved or wanted anyone this much in my life . 
 i feel like i 'll go crazy or die if she wo n't stay here and marry me , '' buddy admitted . 
 `` well , she needs you to tell her that again ! 
 i just thought of an idea you might like . 
 remember that first day at the café when you gave her roses , got down on your knee , and ` proposed ' to her ? 
 it worked that time . 
 she said yes ! 
 why not repeat that move only this time for real . 
 pick a safe place , with a small audience , kneel down , give her roses , and ask her to marry you ? 
 only this time , give her a ring to seal the deal , '' melanie suggested . 
 `` that 's a great idea . 
 thanks , sis . 
 i think i 'll finish my chores early tomorrow and go shopping . 
 want to come along ? 
 you introduced us and helped bring us together . 
 i could use some advice about a special piece of jewelry for her . 
 then tomorrow night , when everyone is at the table , i could spring it on her . 
 are you sure she told you she wanted to marry me ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 again . 
 `` cross my heart , buddy ; i 'm telling you the whole truth , '' melanie swore . 
 early the next morning , mandy walked into the dining room . 
 things seemed the same : buddy was still ignoring her . 
 buddy volunteered to clean the stalls and feed the horses . 
 after the men left , melanie asked mandy if she could watch her kids for a couple of hours . 
 she said she had an appointment in town and did n't want to bother madge . 
 `` sure , '' mandy agreed . 
 `` i like spending time with them . 
 they are such great kids , and i do n't have any other plans , '' she added sadly . '' 
 about ten o’clock , melanie hurried outside and met buddy by the barn . 
 they climbed into buddy 's truck and drove away . 
 mandy watched them leave , wishing that she was the one riding beside buddy . 
 she turned her attention to the children , and went for a long walk with them . 
 melanie confided , `` i did a little snooping this morning . 
 while i was in her room , i discovered that mandy wears the same size ring that i do . 
 that solves one problem in finding the right wedding ring for her . '' 
 `` i did n't even think about her ring size . 
 you are a genius ! 
 thanks for helping me with this . 
 i do n't know anything about stuff like this , '' buddy admitted . 
 at the jewelry store , buddy looked at several rings , hoping to find the perfect rings for mandy . 
 he thought about mandy 's sweet personality . 
 he finally chose a simple marquise cut diamond engagement and wedding ring set that interlocked into one ring . 
 `` it is simple , classy , and beautiful , like mandy , '' buddy said when he picked it up . 
 the next stop was at the florist 's shop . 
 he chose a bouquet of deep red roses and white carnations . 
 at the next stop , he got a haircut and a shave . 
 finally melanie helped him choose a new blue and green pullover sweater that accentuated his broad shoulders and strong arms . 
 when they got back to the ranch , buddy hid everything in his house . 
 he hurried out and finished cleaning the stalls and fed the calves . 
 he returned to his house earlier than usual . 
 feeling nervous and excited , he polished his boots until they shone . 
 he took a long , leisurely shower , washed his hair , and cleaned his fingernails . 
 he took his time and carefully combed his hair . 
 he looked himself over and hoped mandy would approve of his changed appearance . 
 he watched out the window and waited until melanie , her kids , mandy , and his parents were all in the dining room . 
 he slipped the ring box into his pants pocket , hid the bouquet behind his back , and walked nervously over to his parents ' house . 
 he walked up the steps , took a deep breath , and walked through the doorway . 
 everyone turned when he entered . 
 they watched him walk purposefully over to the table where mandy was sitting . 
 without a word to anyone , he knelt down by her chair . 
 he took her hand in his and handed her the bouquet of flowers . 
 he looked into her eyes and said , `` mandy , you know that i love you with all my heart . 
 will you please marry me and be my wife and best friend forever ? '' 
 mandy looked deep into his eyes and saw the depth of love shining there . 
 tears slid down her cheeks . 
 `` yes , buddy , i would love to marry you . 
 i love you so much . '' 
 buddy pulled the ring box out of his pocket , opened it , and slipped the ring on her trembling finger . 
 she leaned over and kissed him eagerly . 
 he stood up and pulled her into his arms and kissed her deeply . 
 all the others stood up and began cheering and shouting their approval . 
 they all gathered around the happy couple and hugged and kissed them joyfully . 
 paul , lisa , and chris were shouting wildly and jumping up and down . 
 `` i told you so ! '' 
 melanie crowed . 
 `` i knew the flowers would do the trick . 
 after all they worked the first day ! 
 you better remember to bring her flowers frequently . '' 
 `` sorry , melanie , '' mandy said with a laugh . 
 `` it 's not the flowers ; it 's his strong arms and handsome face that i love , but the flowers are nice , too ! '' 
 after dinner , mandy and buddy wandered outside together . 
 arm in arm , they walked together in silence . 
 they went to the corral and gave apple and carrot pieces to thunder and buck . 
 thunder stuck his neck over the railing and playfully nudged mandy against buddy . 
 `` i still think you trained him to do that , '' mandy laughed . 
 buddy wrapped his arms possessively around mandy and pulled her tight against him . 
 he bent his head down and captured the sweetness of her mouth . 
 they stayed there locked in an embrace feeling a love that they knew would never die . 
 `` i 've missed you so much . 
 buddy . 
 it was torture seeing you from a distance and not being beside you . 
 i was so afraid you had changed your mind , '' mandy cried . 
 `` buddy , before we go back inside , i need to talk to you about something important that is on my mind . '' 
 can we sit and talk for a while ? '' 
 `` you can talk to me about anything , my love . '' 
 buddy replied , taking her hands in his . 
 they walked over and sat down on a bench in the shadow of the barn . 
 mandy began in a quiet voice , `` i know you love me , but we need to be sure there are no regrets later . 
 i do n't ever want to see disappointment or regret in your eyes when you look at me . 
 i know i already told you about my life with jerry , but something has been bothering me . 
 i know you have waited all your life to give yourself only to your wife . 
 i wish with all my heart that i could say i have done the same thing . 
 there is no way i can come into your arms with the same purity that you are bringing to me . 
 i want you to really understand that . 
 jerry was the only man who ever touched me , and that was only after we were married . 
 i know that no matter how much i wish it , nothing can change the fact that i am not a virgin . 
 i am tainted , damaged goods . 
 do you really understand and accept that ? '' 
 mandy solemnly asked . 
 `` mandy , you are the sweetest , purest , most loving woman i have ever known . 
 i wish for many reasons that you had never been married to that devil , but that is because he was a monster and he hurt you . 
 you married him believing and trusting that he was going to be your only husband . 
 it is because of his sins , not yours , that he treated you with such vileness . 
 i did think about that , too , after you told me all that had happened to you . 
 that night , after you had sobbed in my arms , i prayed about it , and god led me to a story in joshua in the bible . 
 do you remember the story of rahab and the hebrew spies ? 
 as i read about her , god brought a sense of peace into my heart . 
 rahab was a woman of the streets , a prostitute , who had obviously been with many men in her life . 
 she believed in jehovah , and she hid and saved the hebrew spies . 
 after the fall of jericho , she was rescued by joshua 's orders and taken into their camp where she lived the rest of her life as an honored hero . 
 god forgave her sinful past life and loved her so much that she became a valued part of the family line of jesus christ , god 's only begotten son . 
 i realized that if god could clean and restore a woman with such a dark past , he would definitely clean and restore a woman who was an innocent victim , like you . '' 
 buddy said . 
 at these words , mandy began to cry softly . 
 buddy took her into his arms and whispered , `` i see you , now and always , through the eyes of the god who loved and forgave us both of all our sins and guilt and washed us clean . 
 mandy , my sweet love , i believe god brought us together and has blessed our love . 
 he has wiped away the past and has given us a new beginning . 
 it is with great pride and joy that i feel honored to become your husband . 
 you have nothing to regret or worry about . '' 
 buddy wrapped his arms around mandy and kissed away her tears . 
 `` i love you , and i always will . 
 i was so afraid you would not be able to trust me , not after the terror you went through with jerry . 
 i want to hold you , kiss you , and love you forever . 
 soon ! '' 
 buddy groaned , `` soon ! 
 i want to marry you as soon as possible . 
 i ache from wanting to make love to you and feel you sleeping in my arms . '' 
 `` it ca n't be soon enough for me , either . 
 i do n't want a long engagement . 
 i want to be with you , too , '' mandy answered eagerly . 
 she snuggled closer to buddy and melted into his embrace . 
 they kissed deeply until they were both breathless . 
 reluctantly they separated and walked back into the ranch house . 
 everyone was still seated around the table when they returned . 
 `` well , when are you two going to tie the knot ? 
 it does n't make much sense to have a long engagement . 
 we already know you are deeply in love and made for each other , '' madge asked . 
 `` as soon as it can be arranged ! '' 
 buddy said . 
 mandy smiled and nodded her agreement . 
 `` well , i think within two weeks we can get everything ready . 
 just promise me that you wo n't run off and get married . 
 i want to see my only son get married in our church . 
 we can have a small church wedding , if that 's what you want . 
 i think pastor martin will marry you . 
 let 's find out if the church is free either the fifteenth or sixteenth . 
 that 's about ten days away , '' madge announced . 
 `` maybe we can have the wedding then , if you want to . '' 
 `` that sounds wonderful to us ! '' 
 buddy and mandy said together . 
 mandy spoke softly , `` i agree with madge . 
 eloping is n't the way to honor your family or show your respect for a marriage , but i want to keep it simple and homey . 
 i do n't have any family or friends around here that i 'd want to invite , except all of you . 
 i want all of you there to share that day with us . 
 melanie , we owe you so much for all you did to bring us together . 
 would you stand up with me as my matron of honor ? '' 
 melanie hugged her excitedly , `` i 'd be thrilled to be your matron of honor . '' 
 mandy looked at robert and asked , `` as you know my father died several years ago . 
 would you consider walking me down the aisle to give me to buddy in marriage ? '' 
 `` i 'd be honored to give you away , especially to my son buddy . 
 i 'm so happy you are going to be a permanent member of the turner family , '' robert said . 
 he hugged her and kissed her softly on the cheek . 
 `` melanie , '' mandy asked , `` i would like to have paul , lisa , and chris be in the wedding , too . 
 is that okay with all of you ? '' 
 the kids jumped up and down , `` please , mom , please , '' they begged . 
 `` of course ! 
 we 'd all love to be in your wedding , '' melanie agreed quickly . 
 `` there is one other thing i need you to understand , '' mandy said seriously . 
 `` traditionally , the bride 's family pays for the wedding . 
 i am going to pay for all the costs of this wedding . 
 that is the bride 's responsibility . 
 i have enough money set aside to take care of all the expenses . 
 i need your promise that you 'll let me pay for everything , or we may just have to elope . '' 
 mandy threatened with a grin . 
 `` mandy , we 'd love to give this wedding for you . 
 it would be our pleasure to do it , but if you really want to pay for the wedding , of course , we agree . 
 we can discuss the details about the wedding later '' , madge agreed with a hug . 
 `` thanks , that 's what i want to do . 
 i also want to thank you all for making me feel so welcome here in your family . 
 i promise that i will do everything in my power to be a loving , faithful wife for buddy and to do all i can to live up to your trust in me . 
 i love you all , and i 'm so happy to be a part of your family , '' mandy added softly . 
 robert said , `` mandy , we 're the lucky ones . 
 madge and i believe you are the person we have been praying for to be buddy 's wife ever since buddy was a little boy . 
 i think we realized that you were the one , even before either of you did . 
 we love you already . 
 much as we love all of you , it is getting very late , and we still have a ranch to run . 
 `` and ` the chores do n't wait for anyone , '' ' the kids said at the same time as robert . 
 everyone laughed happily , and then they all headed off to bed . 
 mandy followed buddy outside for a long lingering kiss good night before going upstairs to bed . 
 mandy was nervous and excited and filled with thoughts of love and marriage , but she slept more soundly than she had since the first night buddy had proposed . 
 now that her doubts and fears had been displaced by love and peace , she drifted into a deep sleep . 
 mandy awoke early wondering if had all been a dream . 
 for once , reality was much better than any of her dreams . 
 chapter 8 after breakfast , the men headed out to do chores while the women began to make arrangements for the wedding . 
 the first stop was at the church office . 
 mandy looked around at the simply decorated old fashioned white country church . 
 it would be perfect for the kind of wedding she wanted . 
 pastor martin ushered them into his office . 
 he congratulated mandy and rejoiced with buddy 's family . 
 he checked the church calendar and set the date for friday , the fifteenth at 2:00 pm . 
 he also agreed to perform the ceremony . 
 mandy was very happy because she had been impressed with the powerful way he had preached about salvation through christ during the sunday morning services she had attended with buddy and his whole family . 
 he also made an appointment for a time to meet to discuss marriage and family matters with mandy and buddy before the wedding date . 
 madge talked to mrs. ellison , head of the ladies aid society . 
 they scheduled a special meeting for wednesday morning to discuss plans for the wedding . 
 the news of buddy 's upcoming wedding spread quickly around the church grapevine . 
 after leaving the church , they drove twenty miles to a shopping center in ventana . 
 the first stop was at belle 's bridal shop . 
 mandy knew she did n't want a traditional long white wedding gown . 
 she searched through the dresses and finally selected an ankle length pale blue satin dress with a double layer of soft chiffon . 
 it had a heart shaped neckline with dainty seed pearls around the neck and thin shoulder straps . 
 when mandy tried it on , it looked simple and elegant . 
 she modeled it for the melanie and madge , and they all agreed it was the perfect dress for her wedding . 
 she also chose a dainty tiara with small seed pearls and a lace mantilla to go with it . 
 melanie and madge found dresses for themselves . 
 next , they found outfits for each of the kids . 
 `` what should buddy wear , and who 's going to get buddy set up with suitable clothes ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 melanie said , `` we 'll tackle that problem . 
 he hates wearing ties and suits . 
 do you have any idea what you want him to wear ? '' 
 `` no , i trust you to find something comfortable and appropriate for an informal country/western wedding , '' mandy said . 
 while madge and melanie were getting out of their outfits , mandy went to the cashier and paid for all the purchases . 
 the women gathered up all the packages and put them in the trunk . 
 since it was nearly noon , they ate lunch at a small tea room . 
 while eating their sandwiches , they talked happily about the wedding plans . 
 the last stop was at a stationery store / print shop . 
 they looked through the catalogs and bought invitations , napkins , plates , and a wedding guest book . 
 mandy paid in advance for the order which would be ready for pick up in five days . 
 since most of the guests were local friends and neighbors or were members of the church , the short mailing time was not a big problem . 
 by the time they got back to the ranch , mandy 's head was spinning at the amount of details she had not considered . 
 once home , the purchases were stowed in the closets . 
 madge and mandy hurried down to the kitchen and began getting the dinner ready for the men and children . 
 madge had left a pot roast cooking in the crock pot . 
 the delicious aroma of hearty beef roast floated through the house . 
 a few minutes later , they had peeled , cut , and put the fresh carrots , potatoes , onions and celery into the bubbling beef gravy . 
 the kids came in and helped prepare a tossed green salad . 
 finally , slices of homemade bread were cut , buttered and placed on the griddle to toast . 
 by the time the men arrived for dinner , everything was ready to serve . 
 after they sat down , they joined hands , and robert led them in a prayer of thanksgiving , `` thank you , heavenly father for this time of family , food , and fellowship . 
 we lift up buddy and mandy and ask that you guide them now and all the days of their lives together . 
 bless all the hands that helped prepare this delicious meal . 
 help us all to be more loving and thankful . 
 in jesus ' name , amen '' robert served everyone delicious slices of pot roast , vegetables , and rich gravy from the crock pot . 
 slices of toasted bread were passed around the table . 
 soon the sound of happy talking filled the room as they devoured the succulent meal . 
 mandy sighed happily . 
 `` this is the most wonderful pot roast i have ever eaten , madge . 
 i know how to cook a little , but i 'll never be as good as you , '' she exclaimed . 
 `` we do n't eat like this all the time . 
 today we are celebrating your engagement and upcoming marriage . 
 we are so happy and thankful that our family is growing . 
 soon , there will be another mrs. turner here on the turner ranch . 
 happy engagement ! '' 
 madge said . 
 `` i hope you saved room for some of my famous fresh peach ice cream , '' buddy announced proudly . 
 `` it 's my treat for this special dinner . 
 it should be ready in about twenty minutes . '' 
 after dinner , buddy and mandy wandered outside for a walk . 
 he led mandy up the steps into the back door of his house . 
 the sun was just beginning to dip behind the foothills , casting a golden glow through the windows . 
 buddy led her over to the sofa and pulled her down to sit beside him . 
 `` i want your ideas about the house , '' buddy said . 
 `` in a few more days , this will be your home . 
 i want you to make a list of the things you want changed , and i 'll start working on them . 
 i want you to feel comfortable here in our house . 
 i 've never fixed it up much . 
 i usually did n't spend much time here by myself . 
 i ate dinner at mom 's house and stayed around there talking until it was almost time to come here and sleep . 
 once we are married , i know i will want to spend more time here alone with you , my beautiful wife . '' 
 mandy slowly looked around the room . 
 `` when i was helping madge and melanie clean the ranch houses , i got a good look around your house . 
 i really ca n't think of anything i 'd want to change now , buddy . 
 buildings and fancy furniture and decorations do n't mean much to me . 
 if you are living here with me , this house will be wonderful . 
 all i need is you and your love , and this place will be like heaven to me . 
 someday we may need to make some changes . 
 if god blesses us with children , we may need to add more room . 
 right now , do n't change anything for me , '' mandy said quietly . 
 `` that reminds me . 
 there is something i want to show you and talk to you about , '' buddy said helping her to her feet . 
 `` come with me , '' he said . 
 he took her hand and led her up the stairs into his bedroom . 
 mandy glanced nervously around her . 
 `` buddy , '' she began quietly , `` i know you 've waited all your life , do you think this is ... , '' she stammered unable to voice her desire to wait until they were married . 
 buddy hugged her and said , `` no . 
 although i want you so much , we wo n't be sharing a bed until we are married . 
 i wanted to ask you about some mysterious notes i 've found . 
 he walked into his bathroom and pointed to the mirror . 
 mandy saw a handful of her post it notes lined up around the edge of the mirror . 
 `` what do you know about these ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i hid them in your house when i cleaned it last week . 
 remember i said i was going to find a better way to say thanks for taking care of me when i was sick . 
 this was my way of trying to help you understand how much i appreciated all you had done for me . '' 
 mandy admitted . 
 `` i guess it must seem silly or childish to you . 
 my mom used to leave notes like these for me . 
 they made me feel very special and loved . 
 that 's how i wanted you to feel . 
 after you started avoiding me , i was worried by the change i saw in you . 
 i wanted to give you these words of encouragement and hope and my thanks , but i did n't know how to say it since we were n't really talking anymore . '' 
 `` i do n't think it is silly or childish , honey . 
 i loved finding these . 
 it gave me great joy , and it helped me continue to hope and pray that you would one day love me . 
 now i can thank you properly . 
 i was afraid to mention them to you when i first started finding them . 
 i was n't sure if it was your way of telling me something i wanted so much to hear , but i was n't sure if that was what they really meant . '' 
 i was afraid it was your way of saying goodbye , '' buddy apologized . 
 `` i wondered if you had found any of the notes . 
 i just wanted you to know that i was thinking about you . 
 i was always thinking about you , buddy . 
 i hope you enjoy them , because there are a lot more hidden around your house . 
 if you want , i 'll try to find them and dispose of them for you , '' she said . 
 `` do n't you dare ! 
 i want the fun of finding them and reading each one . 
 it made me feel very loved knowing how much time and effort went into them . 
 i love you , mandy , '' buddy said as he wrapped his arms around her and kissed her happily . 
 `` since you liked them so much , here 's one i was going to slip in your pocket or hide in your house the next time you were out , '' mandy giggled . 
 buddy took it and read it . 
 `` read psalms 37:3 -4 . 
 i guess i 'm going to do more bible reading than usual . '' 
 buddy picked up his bible and quickly turned to psalms 37:3 -4 . 
 he read it aloud . 
 `` trust in the lord and do good , then you will live safely in the land and prosper . 
 take delight in the lord , and he will give you your heart 's desires . '' 
 buddy winked and said , `` since you agreed to marry me , god has already granted my deepest desire . '' 
 `` mine , too ! 
 i love you , and i 'm thrilled to become your wife , '' mandy sighed . 
 they snuggled close together while the sun dipped lower and the house grew darker . 
 a sense of peace surrounded them and they shared kisses filled with promises of future bliss . 
 finally buddy retrieved the ice cream maker , and they returned to the main house for dessert . 
 on wednesday morning , madge , melanie , and mandy met the women of the ladies aid society at the church . 
 they were all in a festive mood . 
 everyone hugged and congratulated mandy and madge . 
 the women already had committees formed to take care of the wedding details . 
 `` we love planning and holding weddings for our young people , '' mrs. ellison said enthusiastically . 
 `` we consider that a special ministry that we love to do . 
 let 's see what you have planned already . '' 
 the first committee showed decorations that they had stored away from previous weddings . 
 they explained that these were available , if mandy wanted to use them . 
 they explained what the layout would be like . 
 in the sanctuary , they explained that a white archway would be placed in front of the altar and would be decorated with flowers to make a frame for the wedding party . 
 they also usually used white wicker baskets that were about three feet tall on either side of the altar archway and sat below the stained glass windows along each side wall . 
 the ladies suggested using bouquets of fresh wildflowers , unless mandy had other flowers in mind . 
 mandy agreed that wildflowers would be perfect . 
 the women on the committee discussed briefly where they would get them and who would arrange them on the day of the wedding . 
 next the reception committee reported their ideas for mandy 's approval . 
 the women would fix a meal of fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , three kinds of salads , hot dinner rolls , and mixed vegetables . 
 it would be served after the ceremony in the church social hall by the youth group . 
 wild flower arrangements would also be placed on each table and around the room . 
 there would be mixed nuts and mints at each table . 
 a fruit punch , coffee , and iced tea would be provided for beverages at the lunch , unless mandy wanted alcoholic beverages . 
 mandy said , `` all of that sounds wonderful ! 
 i do n't want any alcoholic drinks served . 
 i do n't think alcohol belongs here in a church building . 
 besides , we do n't drink alcohol at home . 
 those drinks are fine with us . '' 
 `` thank you , mandy . 
 we do n't serve alcoholic beverages unless the wedding party insists . 
 most of us do n't drink it , either , '' mrs. ellison explained . 
 `` you do n't really know me , but buddy and i are both committed followers of jesus christ , and christ will be at the center of our marriage . 
 we both want our life and marriage to bring honor and glory to god . 
 i ca n't begin to tell you how much we appreciate all you are doing for us -- and in such a short time , too . 
 please tell me what i can do to help you with it , '' mandy said . 
 `` do n't worry about anything here at the church . 
 this is our favorite thing to do . 
 it is part of our ministry to our church family and friends . 
 it is our joy to be of service this way to you and god . 
 thank you for allowing us to be part of your special day , '' mrs. ellison replied . 
 although there were many small details to be done , mandy felt remarkably unstressed . 
 her days were filled with the usual chores around the ranch and getting things ready for the wedding . 
 mandy drove to ventana again to pick up the print order . 
 she also went shopping to buy some new clothes to wear on her honeymoon trip . 
 she did n't know exactly what she would need since buddy was keeping the location a secret . 
 she bought a dressy outfit , but mainly she purchased items for swimming and other casual activities . 
 one thing she did choose was a delicate negligee with a matching dressing gown in lavender silk with white lace trim . 
 thinking about what buddy 's reaction at his first sight of her in would be brought a rosy tint to her cheeks . 
 time hung heavy for both of them . 
 as each day passed , the excitement and anticipation grew stronger inside them . 
 they kept busy , but every evening they stole a few minutes alone together after feeding treats to their horses . 
 `` in just two days , we wo n't have to say good night and go home alone . 
 mandy , you have no idea how my body longs for your loving touch , '' buddy sighed after kissing her good night . 
 `` buddy , i understand , because i long to be held in your arms and feel you make love to me . 
 it will be so amazing when we finally come together . 
 you 've waited this long , just keep dreaming . 
 soon all your dreams will come true , '' mandy purred . 
 the day of the wedding finally arrived . 
 it was a clear , cloudless day . 
 birds were singing in the trees outside the main house where mandy waited in her bedroom for the men to head out to the range to feed the calves . 
 because it was a tradition that the groom should not see the bride until they were at the altar , mandy did not come down for breakfast until buddy had ridden off . 
 nervously , she ate a light breakfast . 
 melanie , madge , lisa , and mandy left early to go to the beauty shop to get their hair and nails done . 
 arriving home before noon , they went upstairs to begin getting dressed in their wedding clothes in order to be at the church by 1:30 pm . 
 madge and melanie showered and dressed first . 
 next they began getting paul and chris into their suits and ties . 
 their shoes had been polished the night before and were the last thing they would put on before leaving . 
 lisa wiggled with excitement as they put her long slip on her freshly scrubbed body . 
 next , she slipped on her new `` fancy dress '' as she called it . 
 it was a rosy pink color with tiny ruffles around the neck and sleeves . 
 she twirled excitedly , like a ballerina . 
 she looked at herself in the floor length mirror and grinned happily . 
 while melanie brushed lisa 's hair and pinned it up on top of her head , she made some long ringlets that draped gracefully down her back . 
 she applied a tiny bit of rose colored lip gloss and a spray of perfume . 
 melanie looked at her and smiled proudly . 
 `` you smell and look like a fairy tale princess ready to go to your first ball . 
 i am so proud of you , lisa . 
 you are becoming a beautiful young lady . 
 i am depending on you to help chris walk down the aisle tossing out the rose petals . 
 do you think you can do it ? '' 
 `` yes , mama , we are going to be the best flower tosser 's ever for uncle buddy and aunt mandy 's wedding , '' she said seriously . 
 melanie gave her a big hug and kissed her on the cheek . 
 they hurried over to the main house to help mandy get ready , by the time they arrived , madge had already helped mandy slip into her gown . 
 melanie took over , fastening the tiara and lace mantilla carefully in mandy 's hair . 
 `` it would n't be good to have this fall off while you are walking down the aisle to get married , '' melanie giggled . 
 `` thanks for making me laugh , mel . 
 i 'm not nervous about becoming buddy 's wife , but i feel flustered being the center of all this attention , '' mandy confessed . 
 buddy and his best man , sam johnson , left at one o’clock and drove to the church to wait for the ceremony to start . 
 buddy was so nervous he could n't sit still so he paced slowly back and forth in the little side room off the front of the church sanctuary . 
 `` are you sure you are ready to do this , buddy ? 
 you seem very nervous . 
 you have n't known her very long . 
 do you really want to go through with this ? '' 
 sam asked seriously . 
 `` sure ! 
 i am nervous , but not about marrying mandy . 
 i know i love her , and she loves me . 
 i just dread the ceremony part . 
 i 'm afraid i 'll get tongue-tied and mess up on my vows . 
 you know how easy it is for me to put my foot in my mouth ! 
 i just want all the ceremony and fuss to be over . 
 the ceremony scares me , but marrying mandy thrills me , '' buddy admitted . 
 `` relax , buddy . 
 you 'll do fine ! 
 i was just as nervous when i married teresa . 
 i 'll tell you what my dad told me . 
 he said , ` just focus on her face as she walks down the aisle to take your hand . 
 keep focusing on her , and that will make you forget everyone and everything else . 
 all the rest of your nerves will disappear like magic . ' 
 i did n't believe him then , but it really worked . 
 i 'm so happy for you , buddy ; she seems like a wonderful person . '' 
 thanks , sam , she is an amazing woman ! 
 i know i am the luckiest man in the world . 
 i know god brought us together . 
 i am confident of our love and devotion . 
 i just wish we were already married ! '' 
 buddy added quickly . 
 at one o’clock , robert walked up the stairs and entered mandy 's room . 
 he whistled and winked at mandy standing before him in her wedding dress . 
 `` buddy may faint when he sees this gorgeous woman walking towards him . 
 you look almost as lovely as my madge looked on our wedding day . 
 i thank god you and buddy fell in love . 
 madge and i love you like a daughter already . 
 buddy is a very special man . 
 i 'm thrilled that he found a beautiful , special christian woman to share his life with from this day forward . 
 are you ready to go to the church , ladies and grandchildren ? '' 
 he asked gallantly . 
 standing just outside the door to the church sanctuary , robert held mandy 's arm . 
 `` are you nervous , mandy ? 
 marriage is a serious commitment , '' he asked quietly . 
 `` i have never been more sure of anything in my life . 
 i believe god did bring us together , that he has been leading and guiding us toward this moment . 
 i know , with god 's help , we will have a wonderful marriage . 
 if our marriage can be half as loving and long lasting as yours and madge 's , it will be incredible . 
 i love buddy and all of you , too . 
 this is more than i ever dreamed i would find in my life . 
 i am so thrilled to be part of your family , '' mandy said quietly . 
 the first chords from the church 's organ sounded . 
 when the pastor opened the side door , buddy , sam , and the minister walked up to the altar . 
 the back door of the sanctuary opened and lisa walked in holding chris ' hand . 
 then they began tossing rose petals while they walked slowly down the while carpet runner in the center aisle . 
 after they had reached the front , paul entered in his new white sport coat and dark navy dress pants . 
 his shirt was dark blue like the one his uncle buddy was wearing . 
 he walked slowly down the aisle carefully carrying the white pillow that held the wedding rings . 
 melanie entered next in her flowing gown of deep rose silk . 
 in her hand was a small bouquet of white roses and mixed pink and blue wildflowers . 
 her hair fell to her shoulders in wavy curls . 
 she looked at buddy and flashed him a happy smile . 
 mandy 's eyes quickly took in the beauty of the decorations adorning the sanctuary . 
 the room was filled with the fragrance of bouquets of colorful wildflowers . 
 she noticed the delicate pink rose petals scattered on the long white carpet runner that ran the length of the aisle . 
 as soon as she stepped on the runner , her attention turned to buddy . 
 she saw him standing tall and straight under the flowered archway . 
 mandy 's heart skipped a beat when she saw him standing there . 
 he looked amazing ! 
 he was wearing a white sport jacket , dark navy dress slacks , a dark blue western shirt , and a silver and turquoise bolo tie . 
 she watched as his eyes first glimpsed , then locked on hers . 
 his nervous smile changed to one of awe and amazement . 
 then , it spread into one of total adoration . 
 mandy returned his gaze , smiled at him , and walked confidently down the aisle . 
 as they walked slowly down the aisle , robert 's hand gently held mandy 's arm as he guided her towards the front . 
 when mandy reached the place where madge stood alone , she stepped over to her . 
 she kissed madge on the cheek and whispered , '' thanks for raising such a wonderful christian son . '' 
 she stepped back , took robert 's arm , and they walked the rest of the way to the altar . 
 from the moment mandy entered the room , buddy 's eyes had never left her face . 
 he gasped in awe at the beautiful , elegant woman who was walking towards him . 
 his eyes feasted on her loveliness , and , as if by magic , the rest of the church and the crowd of people faded from his sight . 
 the only thing he saw or remembered was the gorgeous woman that he loved and wanted to be with forever . 
 mandy met his gaze and their eyes locked . 
 she smiled happily when she saw his reaction to her appearance . 
 robert took mandy 's hand and placed it in buddy 's outstretched hand . 
 he walked back to sit beside madge , the love of his life . 
 madge was beaming at buddy and mandy , although a few tears slid down her cheeks . 
 robert tenderly held her hand and kissed her on the cheek . 
 pastor martin began speaking to the congregation . 
 `` we are gathered here today in the sight of god and these witnesses to join this couple in holy matrimony which was ordained by god . 
 buddy and mandy , both believers and children of god , have come here today to exchange their vows and to pledge their love to each other . '' 
 in turn , the pastor led them in reciting the vows to love , honor , cherish , and obey each other in sickness and in health , for richer and for poorer until death parted them . 
 then , they took the rings from paul 's white pillow . 
 they exchanged the rings to symbolize the eternal , unending nature of their love and marriage . 
 after all the vows had been repeated , pastor martin looked at the congregation and announced , `` with the authority of god and according to the laws of this state , i now pronounce you husband and wife . 
 you may kiss your bride . '' 
 buddy drew her into his arms and kissed her tenderly . 
 mandy held him in her arms and welcomed his kiss . 
 he slowly released her . 
 `` let me now present mr. and mrs. donald lee turner , '' pastor martin announced . . 
 the audience stood and clapped while mandy and buddy walked down the aisle and out the door . 
 they turned to the right and walked into the reception room and kissed again . 
 `` who did i just marry ? '' 
 mandy asked with a twinkle in her eyes . 
 `` can you believe this ? 
 i did n't even know what your real name was until we were standing in the church getting married . 
 i wonder what else i do n't know about this mysterious stranger , '' she giggled . 
 `` mandy , can you still love me , even if my name is donald , not buddy ? '' 
 he asked with a grin . 
 `` i 'll think about it . 
 i wonder how well donald can kiss ? '' 
 she laughed , kissing him again . 
 `` yes , i can definitely get used to your name , donald . 
 i promise to love you no matter what you call yourself . 
 all i really want to call you is ` mine , ' my husband . '' 
 `` you 've already got that , mandy . 
 i 'm yours -- only yours -- now and forever , '' he said giving her a deep kiss . 
 as the guests began entering the social hall , buddy and mandy went to stand in the reception line with madge and robert . 
 for mandy and buddy , the reception was a blur of people and activities . 
 they stood side-by-side shaking hands with person after person . 
 when all the guests had been greeted , buddy and mandy moved over to the head table and sat down . 
 madge , robert , melanie and the kids were seated at a table next to them . 
 the rest of the guests took their places at the other tables . 
 the ladies of the church and the youth helped serve the delicious dinner of fried chicken , mashed potatoes and gravy , pasta salad , coleslaw , fruit salad , mixed vegetables , hot rolls , iced tea , coffee , and punch . 
 mandy and buddy talked quietly while they ate their dinner . 
 the ladies of the church had done an amazing job . 
 after eating the meal , the best man and matron of honor proposed toasts to the happy couple . 
 buddy and mandy each thanked everyone for coming . 
 they expressed their appreciation to all the ladies of the church who had prepared the food , furnished and arranged the flowers and decorations , and to mrs. ellison who had made the four tier wedding cake . 
 mandy thanked robert , maude , melanie , paul , lisa , chris and sam for being in the wedding party and for their love and support . 
 mandy and buddy finally walked over to the gorgeous wedding cake . 
 it had four tiers covered in white fondant . 
 beautiful buttercream flowers seemed to float along the surface of the cake . 
 mandy took the silver cake knife and cut the first piece . 
 buddy cut the next one . 
 mandy carefully fed buddy his first taste of the cake . 
 then , buddy fed mandy her piece . 
 after that , some of the church women came to finish cutting the cake and served it to the guests . 
 two tiers were chocolate with raspberry cream filling between the layers . 
 the other layers were white cake with chocolate and raspberry filling . 
 after the cake had been served , many of the guests began leaving the reception . 
 mandy and buddy circulated around the room talking to the people . 
 about three o’clock , mandy changed into a blue silk dress and got ready to leave the reception . 
 many of the guests had gone outside to wait for the newlyweds to leave the church . 
 buddy and mandy said goodbye to robert , madge , melanie , sam , and the kids , and walked outside . 
 chapter 9 once outside the church , they walked quickly over to buddy 's truck in the parking lot . 
 it had been cleaned and polished for the occasion . 
 someone had decorated it with streamers and a ` just married ' sign . 
 they climbed into the truck , waved goodbye and drove out of the church parking lot . 
 some of the young people climbed in their vehicles and followed them down main street yelling and honking their car horns to see the happy couple off on their honeymoon . 
 when buddy turned off main street , most of the cars dropped away . 
 in a short time , they were driving alone on the road out of town . 
 mandy leaned against buddy 's shoulder and sighed happily . 
 `` i 'm so happy that everything went so well , but i 'm even happier that it is all over ! 
 where are we going now , buddy ? 
 you said it was a surprise '' mandy asked . 
 `` that 's right . 
 you 'll find out when we get there , '' buddy answered mysteriously . 
 `` if i tell you now , it wo n't be a surprise . '' 
 `` is it a long ways from here ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` it 's about an hour away . 
 that 's all i 'm going to tell you for now . 
 relax and enjoy the ride . '' 
 after a while , mandy noticed that buddy had been silent for several minutes . 
 she glanced at him and saw a serious expression on his face . 
 `` are you feeling all right , buddy ? '' 
 mandy asked quietly . 
 `` you look like something is bothering you . '' 
 buddy shook his head and tried to smile , but his smile did not ring true . 
 `` remember , buddy , we agreed to tell the truth , the whole truth and nothing but the truth -- even if we do n't think the other person really wants to hear it . 
 what 's bothering you ? '' 
 mandy asked again . 
 `` well , there is something on my mind . 
 mom let it slip that you paid for everything , even her dress and shoes , melanie 's gown and shoes , and new outfits for paul , lisa , and chris . 
 i was just wondering if you even paid for the clothes dad and i were wearing . 
 mandy , my family is n't so poor that we need someone else to buy clothes for us . 
 we are n't rich like jason 's parents , but we do all right . 
 i do n't like accepting help , mandy . 
 i 'm your husband . 
 i 'm the breadwinner in this family . 
 i can pay my own way . 
 i 'll pay you back for my family 's clothes , '' buddy said seriously . 
 `` buddy , i 'm sorry you are upset about this . 
 remember i told all of you that i wanted to pay for all the wedding expenses . 
 i never thought you could n't pay for the clothes . 
 think about this , buddy ! 
 your parents have let me stay in their house for five weeks at no cost to me . 
 they have fed me and provided everything i needed , plus they gave me love , acceptance , and peace . 
 i did n't buy the clothes because of ` charity ' . 
 i bought their clothes as a gift of my thanks and appreciation for all they have done for me . 
 i 'm sorry you are upset by it , but i am not sorry i did it , '' mandy said firmly . 
 buddy heard the hurt in mandy 's voice . 
 although buddy knew he meant what he said , he wished he could erase his sharp words and bring the smile and joy back to mandy 's face . 
 `` i 'm sorry i spoke so harshly . 
 i guess i 'm just reacting to all the excitement and tension of the last few weeks . 
 i have always been fiercely independent , even as a child . 
 i wanted to earn my own way and not have to take anything from anyone . 
 i 've always worked hard on the ranch to pay my own way . 
 i do n't take charity or handouts from my parents , from melanie , or from anyone else , '' he explained . 
 `` buddy , everyone needs help sometimes . 
 we ca n't always be the givers of help . 
 we feel joy and pride when we can help others , but i believe everyone needs to be able to receive and to give . 
 being proud and independent are both good traits in moderation . 
 i ca n't be just a ` taker ' . 
 that would make me feel like a worthless nothing , like the way i felt in montana . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to ever feel like that again , '' buddy said . 
 `` then , please , do n't lock me out of any parts of your life . 
 money handling and financial decisions are a large part of marriage . 
 since we are married now , it is no longer ` your money ' or ` my money ' . 
 it is all our money . ' 
 please do n't exclude me and make me feel useless . 
 i do n't want to take over and make the decisions . 
 i just want to be included in everything we do . '' 
 mandy added . 
 `` please , forgive me , mandy . 
 i have so much to learn and much to unlearn , too . 
 be patient with me . 
 i need your patient love to help me understand you and us . 
 i do n't ever want to do or say anything that makes you feel sad or hurt . 
 give me time to learn how to share everything -- the good and the bad . 
 please come and sit closer to me . 
 i want to feel you close to me , now and always . '' 
 mandy slid over and put her arm around buddy 's waist and laid her head on his shoulder . 
 `` are we almost where we are going to stay tonight ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` it is just a few minutes away now , '' buddy answered . 
 mandy watched the scenery fly by while they rode along . 
 about twenty minutes later , they ran into more city traffic . 
 as they approached moonstone , buddy slowed his truck . 
 finally he spotted the entrance , turned right , and pulled into the las palmas resort . 
 after driving through the adobe archway , they pulled under a large canopy area at the resort 's entrance . 
 mandy noticed two young men in uniforms standing beside the front doors . 
 one man wore a red velvet jacket and black slacks ; the other one wore a white dinner jacket and black slacks . 
 before the truck came to a complete stop , both men rushed forward . 
 the one in white opened the door for mandy . 
 the one in red opened buddy 's door and waited until he stepped out . 
 `` i 'm thomas , the head valet . 
 if you give me your keys , i 'll park your truck in our secure indoor parking garage . '' 
 buddy pulled their suitcases out of the cab , then handed the keys to the valet and headed over to rejoin mandy . 
 the man in the white coat introduced himself . 
 `` i am jacques , the bell captain . 
 if you give me your luggage , i 'll take them and escort you to the reception desk in the main lobby . '' 
 jacques picked up the suitcases and led mandy and buddy through the plush lobby and up to a huge mahogany reception desk . 
 the tall red haired woman behind the counter greeted them warmly , `` good afternoon , mr. and mrs. turner . 
 we 've been expecting you . 
 your room is ready for you , mr. turner . 
 if you will sign our register , then jacques will escort you to your room . '' 
 mandy watched buddy carefully sign them in as mr. and mrs. donald lee turner . 
 the clerk took the card and handed the room keys to jacques . 
 just as buddy finished registering , thomas returned and handed buddy his truck keys . 
 `` please follow me , and i 'll show you to your room , '' jacques said . 
 as they walked out of the side door of the lobby , they entered a maze of twisting pathways leading off in several directions through formal gardens with manicured lawns , large white marble statues , and animal shaped topiary shrubs . 
 jacques pointed out the location of the swimming pool , the poolside outdoor bar , the dressing room area , the tennis courts , and the path that lead to their eighteen hole golf course . 
 when he approached their room , he pointed out the ice and vending machines . 
 he explained how they could order food and beverages from room service . 
 `` if you have shoes that need polishing or clothing that needs to be pressed , just put them in the hallway outside your door at night , and they will be cleaned and delivered to your room by 7 a.m. the next morning . '' 
 when they reached the door to room 113 , jacques opened the door and led them inside . 
 he , turned on the room light , deposited their luggage on the baggage stands inside the closet , adjusted the air conditioner , and handed the room keys to buddy . 
 `` if you have any questions , please dial operator on the room phone . 
 one of the desk clerks will take care of your needs . 
 we hope you have a pleasant stay at las palmas resort , '' he recited . 
 then he turned and left them alone . 
 mandy looked around the room . 
 `` this room is really plush ! 
 i do n't think i 've ever seen as much velvet and brocade material in one room before . 
 it is so fancy ! '' 
 mandy said . 
 `` i feel like royalty , like a queen in her royal chamber . 
 would it ruin the royal effect if i kick off my shoes and go barefoot ? 
 my feet are aching from all the standing in these heels . '' 
 `` that sounds like a wonderful idea to me , '' buddy said , `` may i also get more comfortable ? 
 you know i dislike wearing suits and ties . '' 
 he pulled off his tie , shoes , and suit coat . 
 he loosened his shirt collar and sighed , `` this is so much better ! '' 
 mandy smiled at him . 
 `` i never got a chance to tell you how handsome you looked today at the church , but i think i prefer you in jeans and a sweater . 
 thanks for getting dressed up for the ceremony , '' mandy said as she watched him relax into a chair beside a small table . 
 mandy sat down at the table with him . 
 `` why did you choose this resort for our honeymoon ? 
 have you stayed here before ? '' 
 she asked with a puzzled look at him . 
 `` it sounded like a perfect place to take the most beautiful woman in the world to be pampered and treated like a queen . 
 i just want our honeymoon to be a perfect memory to last a lifetime , '' buddy answered . 
 `` do n't you like it ? '' 
 `` it 's really beautiful and rich looking , but it seems a little too ritzy for me , '' mandy replied truthfully . 
 `` it is n't my normal style either , but this is a once-in-a-lifetime experience . 
 do n't worry , i can afford it , mandy . 
 we do very well with the ranch . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , buddy . 
 i did n't mean to imply that you could n't afford it . 
 we 've never really discussed money or finances . 
 we should do that when we get home so we are on the same page . 
 it 's just that fancy , expensive things do n't mean much to me . 
 i 've been relatively poor in my life and i 've financially been well off . 
 i 've learned it is n't money or expensive things that make me feel happy . 
 it 's love of family , good friends , and being at peace with myself and others . 
 that 's what makes me happy . 
 it 's being in your arms that ties it all together ; you 're my best friend , my love , and my husband . 
 i love you so much , buddy . '' 
 the ringing of the room phone interrupted their conversation . 
 when mandy answered it , a recorded voice announced . 
 `` the last seating of dinner tonight will be served in thirty minutes . 
 suits and ties are required for gentlemen . 
 ladies are to be suitably dressed , also . '' 
 `` do n't look now , but we need to get back into our ` fancy ' clothes and go over for dinner now . 
 put on your shoes , tie , and jacket . 
 i 'd better slip into my heels and comb my hair . 
 this will be our first ` formal ' dinner together as husband and wife , '' mandy told buddy . 
 buddy sighed and put on his coat , tie , and shoes while mandy touched up her makeup and hair . 
 they walked out of their room back through the maze of cement paths to the main building . 
 people milled around waiting to be escorted to their tables for dinner . 
 everywhere mandy looked , she saw white coated waiters and bus boys standing at attention . 
 after the dining room doors opened , the maître ' de called each party by name . 
 they went forward , were met by a while coated server , and escorted to their table . 
 when buddy and mandy were called , a waiter appeared at their side and led them to a table for two tucked in a small alcove . 
 the table was beautifully decorated with expensive looking china and gleaming crystal stemware . 
 a row of silverware was arranged on either side of their plates . 
 buddy looked down at the table , `` there are enough forks on this table to take care of my whole family . 
 some of these things i do n't even recognize , '' he said shaking his head . 
 mandy giggled and said , `` me , too . 
 i hope no one is grading our table manners . '' 
 soon , the waiters began bringing each course . 
 the waiters hovered like vultures , swooping down to snatch dishes away almost before they were emptied . 
 the food was tasty , but neither mandy nor buddy was sure what they were eating . 
 one after another , the waiters brought different courses : appetizers , soup , salad , main entrée -lrb- some kind of seafood and pasta -rrb- , cheese , raspberry torte and ice cream . 
 the tall crystal water glasses were constantly being refilled . 
 wine was brought to their table during the meal , but neither one drank any . 
 finally a tiny cup of a thick coffee was placed on the table . 
 last was a tray with after dinner mints , a small bowl with warm soapy water and a small finger towel arrived with a check to be signed . 
 mandy laughed and said , `` well , i think that 's the last thing . 
 i lost track after six dishes . 
 the service here is not just ` perfect , ' it is overwhelming ! 
 it is beautiful , but not a very relaxing way to enjoy a meal . 
 if this is how royalty lives , i 'm glad i 'm a country girl , '' she drawled in her best texas accent . 
 `` i did n't know eating one meal could take nearly two hours ! 
 mandy , i 'm so glad you 're a country girl , because this is one old cowboy who is thrilled to be married to you ! 
 is it safe to get up and leave now ? 
 i 'd hate to have to knock one of those white coated guys out of the way so we could leave . '' 
 mandy laughed at the thought of buddy blocking a waiter . 
 `` let 's take a chance on it and get out of here . 
 we have better things to do than sit in this room , '' she added with a raised eyebrow and a slow suggestive smile . 
 as they walked back to their room , buddy laughed . 
 `` that was quite an experience , i have no idea what i just ate for dinner , but eating it here sure took a long time . '' 
 `` i thought those two eager beaver bus boys were going to get into a fight over who was going to clear off the table next to ours . 
 maybe they get paid by the dish , '' she giggled . 
 once back in their room , they kicked off their shoes and got comfortable again . 
 mandy went into the bathroom and changed into her new negligee and dressing gown . 
 she loosened the hairpins holding her hair in place and let it fall down loosely to her shoulders . 
 she dabbed a small splash of perfume on her body . 
 after checking her appearance in the mirror , she smiled and hoped that buddy would like it . 
 `` i want this night , his first time making love , to be a night he will never forget . 
 how special it will be to share this first experience with this wonderful man i love , '' mandy whispered . 
 mandy walked out of the bathroom and slowly crossed the room to stand in front of her husband . 
 when buddy looked up , mandy saw the way his eyes moved slowly over her . 
 they started at the top of her head and moved slowly down her body taking in every curve and detail . 
 `` mandy , you look amazing ! . 
 you simply take my breath away . 
 i ca n't believe that you are really here with me like this . 
 i am the most blessed man in the world . 
 i have wanted to touch you and feel you in my arms since i first saw you . 
 now that you are here , i worry that you 'll be disappointed in me , '' buddy admitted . 
 `` darling , buddy , i am not worried about that at all . 
 it is n't special skill , experience , or tricks that makes sex between a man and woman wonderful . 
 it is the love they share that really brings total satisfaction . 
 i know you love me , and i love you . 
 god brought us together for this moment and for this purpose . 
 come and let me love you completely , ' she begged . 
 buddy walked up to mandy and gathered her into his embrace . 
 she felt his hands moving slowly over her body . 
 she leaned against him and began unbuttoning his shirt . 
 she slid it off his shoulders . 
 she slipped her hands inside his undershirt and slowly slid it up his chest and over his head . 
 she let it drop to the floor . 
 with trembling hands , she unfastened his belt and unzipped his trousers . 
 she began pushing his trousers and shorts down until they fell in a heap on the floor with the rest of his clothes . 
 buddy kissed her parted lips . 
 he moaned with the strength of his arousal and need . 
 he lifted her up into his arms and carried her to the waiting marriage bed . 
 he put her down and slipped the negligee off her body . 
 he gasped when he saw the perfection of her naked body . 
 mandy ran her hands over his body feeling the strength of his muscular chest and arms . 
 she leaned against him and tenderly began kissing his chest . 
 buddy lowered her onto the bed and climbed in beside her . 
 his eyes drank in the sight of her . 
 his hands began moving gently , but possessively , over her body , caressing and kissing her . 
 buddy felt his body throbbing with his long delayed desire . 
 he gently slid his hand between her legs , edging them apart . 
 mandy moaned with desire as she felt his hand moving into her body . 
 he lowered his body over hers . 
 mandy reached down and stroked him , feeling his body shudder at her touch . 
 she gently guided him into her . 
 an explosion of excitement united them . 
 he began moving instinctively in the exquisite , passionate dance of love . 
 he kissed her hungrily while he thrust deeper and deeper . 
 his breathing came in gasps of pleasure and delight . 
 she felt the moment when his body shuddered as he reached the climax and poured himself into her . 
 he sank down on mandy 's body , exhilarated and exhausted at the same time . 
 he lay on her enjoying the feel of their bodies ' union . 
 buddy kissed her tenderly and held her close . 
 `` now i know what it means becoming one flesh . 
 mandy , i 've never felt anything like this in my life . 
 i never knew it would feel this amazing , '' he whispered between kisses . 
 mandy moaned sadly when she felt him slip outside of her , `` you have nothing to worry about , my love . 
 you were amazing . 
 i have never felt so loved and fulfilled . 
 was it worth the long wait , buddy ? '' 
 she whispered into his ear . 
 `` it was incredible ! 
 i may never let you go , my precious love , '' he sighed . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere ! 
 we are truly ` one flesh ' now , joined in marriage . 
 i have never felt happier or more loved than i do right now in your arms . 
 i want to explore your body , kiss you , and memorize every delightful inch of you ! 
 i could explore it for a hundred years and still ask for more time to love you , '' mandy whispered while placing light butterfly kisses on his neck and shoulders . 
 buddy rolled off her and lay totally satisfied beside her . 
 mandy quickly slid out of the bed went to the bathroom and returned with a warm wash cloth . 
 tenderly , she cleaned him off and kneeled beside his feet . 
 she gently began massaging his feet . 
 she moved up to his ankles and calves and stroked him , gently touching him and kissing him where her hands had just massaged . 
 she moved up to his knees and thighs and repeated the loving massage . 
 she continued moving up to his stomach , chest , shoulders and face . 
 she kissed his face , his lips , his eyes , and his neck . 
 he sighed with pleasure at her gentle , loving touch . 
 she stroked his hair and ran her fingers through it . 
 buddy , '' she purred . 
 `` i ca n't get enough of your body . 
 you are so much more than i dreamed anyone could be . 
 i love you . 
 will you let me finish the one area i skipped ? '' 
 `` you can do whatever you want to me , mandy . 
 your touch feels amazing , '' he sighed . 
 mandy moved down and began touching and kissing his body . 
 she moved her hand slowly until she touched the source of his manhood . 
 when her hand brushed it , she felt it move at her touch . 
 with great tenderness , she satisfied his desire again . 
 mandy heard buddy making soft moaning sounds as she continued loving him . 
 with a final cry of pleasure , he pulled her close and kissed her again . 
 `` mandy , you have bewitched me . 
 that was beyond words ! 
 it was fantastic . 
 i never knew that was possible . 
 thank you . 
 being with you is so much more wonderful than i ever imagined . 
 i love you , '' buddy sighed happily . 
 buddy rolled over on his side and drew mandy into his arms . 
 he touched her body and kissed her tenderly . 
 mandy lay encircled by his arms . 
 she felt safe , secure , and loved . 
 she heard buddy 's breathing slow and deepen . 
 mandy looked at his face and saw he was sleeping . 
 she lay still contentedly listening to him breathe as she fell asleep in his embrace . 
 always an early riser , buddy woke up before mandy . 
 he felt her warm body cradled in his arms . 
 he looked over and saw her face lying on the pillow beside him . 
 when he looked at her sleeping body touching his skin , he felt an all-consuming love for her . 
 he bowed his head and thanked god , `` dear heavenly father , thank you for bringing mandy into my life and for allowing me to marry her . 
 help me to protect her , keep her safe , and love her for the rest of my life . 
 she is all i have ever wanted in a woman . 
 let her find love and joy and peace and be satisfied here with me as my best friend and wife . '' 
 he stared at her face and was fascinated by her beauty . 
 he thought back over his wedding night . 
 just the memory of how his body had come alive in her arms brought shivers of pleasure to him . 
 he remembered how the incredible burst of pleasure , more intense than anything he had ever felt before , surged through him . 
 he longed to kiss her and touch her now , but hesitated not wanting to disturb her sleep . 
 slowly he saw her begin stirring in his arms . 
 her eyelids fluttered and then gradually opened . 
 she turned and looked into his eyes . 
 `` good morning , buddy , '' she murmured . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 buddy kissed her tenderly and sighed , `` good morning , sweetheart . 
 i love you , too . 
 did you sleep well ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she purred . 
 `` after making love with you , i was filled with so much love and happiness , i drifted off to sleep in your arms . 
 last night was so wonderful ! 
 it was awesome , and you were incredible ! 
 thank you , my love . '' 
 `` i hope i always wake up beside you , feeling you snuggled against me , '' he replied . 
 `` that 's what i want , too . 
 relax , i 'm not going anywhere . 
 you are stuck with me for life . 
 we are definitely ` one flesh ' now , and i have the marriage certificate to prove it , '' she teased him . 
 buddy hugged her and drew her close against his body . 
 `` i do n't know if i will ever get my chores done . 
 when i feel you here in my arms , all i want to do is make love to you . '' 
 `` we have a problem then , because that 's what i want to do , too . 
 for today , let 's forget about chores and everything else , and do what we both want to do , '' she said with an inviting smile . 
 a while later , feeling totally satisfied , they climbed out of bed . 
 after a long steamy shower , they dressed in clean clothes . 
 hand in hand , they walked along the garden path to a small café next to the main lobby . 
 as they ate a light breakfast , they discussed plans for their day together . 
 `` what do you want to do first ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` we already did that , '' she teased him . 
 `` what other activities do they have here ? '' 
 `` their brochure listed tennis courts , swimming pools , bird watching in their formal garden , golf , and billiards , '' buddy answered . 
 `` do you like playing tennis , golf or billiards ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't really know how to play them . 
 do you '' ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't play them either . 
 do you like swimming in a pool , buddy ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 we always swim in a lake or stream . 
 paddling around in a little cement pond does n't seem like much fun . 
 besides , it really looks crowded , '' buddy answered . 
 `` this resort is a beautiful place , and i am glad we spent our first night together here , but it does n't really seem to fit us . 
 all those people hovering around make me feel smothered and self-conscious . 
 how long are we planning on staying here ? '' 
 mandy asked hesitantly . 
 `` well , i made reservations for the week . 
 did you want to leave here and go someplace else ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt your feelings , but maybe we could find a place that fits us better like a cabin by a lake where we could be ourselves and be surrounded by natural beauty instead of these formal gardens , '' mandy suggested . 
 `` that sounds good to me , but are you sure you want to leave here ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` i do n't care where i am as long as i am with you . 
 i 'd be happy in a tent . 
 i do n't want to leave , if it would hurt your feelings , but this place is too stuffy for us '' `` well , i certainly do n't enjoy getting dressed in a suit and tie to eat food i do n't even recognize . 
 i say , let 's go get packed and get out of here . 
 i want to find a place where `` we belong '' , as you told me the day we met . '' 
 `` i think i know a place that would be perfect . 
 a couple of months ago , i stayed in a beautiful place . 
 it 's about two hours ' drive from here . 
 it is n't fancy , but i think you would love the area . 
 it has forest land , a gorgeous lake with lots of room for hiking , barbequing , fishing , and boating , and friendly owners , '' mandy enthused . 
 `` i have their phone number in my cell phone . 
 when we get to our room , i 'll call and see if they have room for us , if you want me to , '' mandy suggested . 
 `` that sound 's perfect . 
 let 's get out of here and go there , '' buddy agreed . 
 they quickly packed their bags . 
 while buddy went to check out early , mandy called and made reservations for that night and the rest of the week . 
 since they remembered mandy , jenny , the woman who owned the place , said she had the perfect cabin for them . 
 she agreed to get it ready and stock it with basic groceries so it would be ready when they got there later that afternoon . 
 as soon as buddy returned from the office , they grabbed their suitcases and walked to the parking garage and retrieved buddy 's truck . 
 as they drove out of the parking garage , they waved goodbye to the parking attendant . 
 `` it was a nice place to visit - for one night - but i do n't want to stay there any longer than that , '' mandy giggled . 
 `` i agree , mrs. turner . 
 let 's find a place where we really belong , '' buddy added with a grin . 
 chapter 10 buddy turned out on the highway heading north , and soon they were driving out of the city . 
 after leaving the city traffic behind , the road narrowed to two lanes . 
 when they had driven about an hour to the northwest , the road began a steady climb . 
 they went from open rolling hills to sparse evergreen forests . 
 gradually the forest grew denser and patches of lupines spread a lavender carpet along the road . 
 the sharp smell of cedar and pine trees filled the cab of the truck . 
 mandy drew in a deep breath and sighed happily . 
 when they passed the small town of pinegrove , mandy said , `` we 're almost there . 
 look for a sign on the right that says bear lake resort . 
 it should be around the next bend , if i remember correctly . '' 
 a hand carved wooden bear holding a sign marked the entrance to the road that wound its way to the center of the resort . 
 they passed three loops that wound through wooded tent campsites . 
 there was also a road leading into a separate section filled with campers , trailers , and recreational vehicles . 
 after that , they pulled into a parking area in front of the large office/recreation building . 
 when they got out of the truck , buddy stretched and looked around with a smile on his face . 
 `` i like the looks of this place , '' he said . 
 mandy suggested , `` why do n't you look around while i go inside the office to check in and get the keys ? '' 
 buddy scanned the area getting the lay of the land , while mandy headed over to the large building . 
 when she entered , she was greeted by a friendly hello . 
 `` mandy , it 's great having you here again ! 
 we have the cabin you admired so much last time . 
 it 's all stocked for you with basic foods , like including eggs , bread , milk , bacon , coffee , sugar , and a few other things i thought you might like , '' jenny , the dark haired young woman behind the counter , bubbled . 
 `` thanks , jenny . 
 i knew i could count on you to get everything ready . 
 after we get settled , we 'll come back to the store and pick up anything else we need . 
 when i come back , i 'll introduce you to my husband . 
 we got married on friday , '' mandy explained , happily showing off her rings . 
 jenny hugged her excitedly before returning to the truck , mandy pulled out her wallet . 
 she handed jenny her debit card . 
 `` just like the other time i stayed here , just keep a running total and put all the charges for the week 's stay including the groceries on it . '' 
 she signed the slip and headed back to buddy . 
 in a couple of minutes , mandy was back beside him with the key in her hand . 
 `` what do you think , buddy ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` this looks great ! 
 it 's so much nicer than las palmas resort ! '' 
 he exclaimed . 
 `` our cabin is down the last road on the left . 
 let 's drive down there and get our stuff unloaded . 
 after that , we can take a hike or just relax by the lake , '' mandy suggested . 
 when they drove up and parked by the cabin , buddy smiled . 
 `` what a perfect setting for a log cabin . '' 
 he walked around it inspecting the way the logs were notched and joined together . 
 after they walked inside , mandy went over and opened a window to let in the gentle breeze that was blowing through the evergreen trees clustered around the cabin . 
 soon the scent of pine and cedar drifted in replacing the stale air that had been trapped inside only moments before . 
 buddy placed the suitcases on the floor in front of the fireplace and looked around . 
 `` this place is beautiful , mandy . 
 i would n't mind living in a cabin like this , if you 'd stay here with me . '' 
 `` me , too ! 
 it is so cozy and lovely , and everything we need is furnished . 
 it is more like a motel in that respect than a campground . 
 actually , it is better than a motel . 
 there are clean linens and towels in the closet , and extra blankets if the weather turns cold . 
 the kitchen is set up with pots and pans , silverware , dishes , and even a coffee pot . 
 since we were arriving in late afternoon , jenny brought in some basic groceries so we could fix a meal this evening if we want to . 
 we can cook our own food here or go over and eat at the little sandwich bar and cafe by the campground store . 
 although i did n't stay in this cabin when i was here before , i talked to the young couple who were here then . 
 i loved the location and the beautiful hand crafted furniture . 
 look at the amazing carving on the bed and dresser . 
 i doubt if we will need the fireplace , but i can imagine how warm and cozy this place would be in the winter . 
 it almost makes me wish we would get snowed in here . 
 i ` d love to be snuggled up with you on a blanket in front of a glowing fire or snuggling under the quilt on the four poster bed . 
 forgive me , buddy , i guess i am still a hopeless romantic or incredibly horny , '' mandy laughed apologetically . 
 `` maybe this winter we can come up here and stay a few days . 
 i 'd love to see you lying on a bearskin rug with the firelight reflecting off your body . 
 maybe i 'm a little romantic , too , '' buddy said , `` or i 'm just turned on by the thought of seeing your naked body looking so sexy and inviting there . '' 
 it only took a few minutes to unpack their suitcases . 
 they changed into shorts and short sleeved shirts and went out exploring . 
 the weather was warm and clear . 
 buddy held mandy 's hand as they wandered down a trail behind the cabin that led to a small private beach . 
 a cool breeze blew from the lake causing ripples to spread across the surface of the water . 
 the peaceful rustle of the aspen tree leaves sounded like gentle whispers that murmured secrets from ages past around the cove . 
 there was a small strip of white sandy beach along the shore . 
 at the edge of the beach area , there was a sturdy looking wooden picnic table and two benches . 
 nearby was a raised barbecue pit . 
 a large picnic umbrella completed the scene . 
 buddy hugged mandy and happily kissed her . 
 she snuggled against him . 
 feelings of peace , joy , and love washed over her , and she sighed contentedly . 
 `` no more suit and tie dinners or pushy white coated waiters ! 
 it is just us in our own special paradise , '' she sighed . 
 `` i 'm so glad you suggested coming here ! 
 this is such a beautiful , peaceful place . 
 i wonder how warm the water is today , '' buddy mused . 
 they looked at each other , then quickly pulled off their shoes and socks and hurried down to the water . 
 the first step felt cold , but the warm sun shining down on their backs made it feel refreshing and exhilarating . 
 like two children , they waded into the lake . 
 playfully splashing water , mandy shot a stream of water at buddy . 
 when it splattered him , he lunged for her . 
 she shrieked and tried to duck out of the way . 
 she stumbled and started to fall into the water , but buddy caught her and lifted her into the safety of his arms . 
 mandy threw her arms around his neck and clung to him . 
 he laughed and said , `` now you 're going to get it for trying to douse me with cold water ! '' 
 she laid her head on his shoulder as he carried her back up the trail and deposited her inside the cabin . 
 he pushed the door shut and pulled her fiercely against his body . 
 `` mandy , you set me on fire with your beauty and your loving touch . 
 when i touch you and feel you close to me , my body responds , and i long to make love to you . 
 please , my wife , fulfill my dreams and desire again , '' buddy implored her . 
 `` of course , my darling , i always want to please you . 
 come now , i 'm yours , '' she responded eagerly . 
 they quickly took off their clothes and made tender , passionate love . 
 afterwards they lay totally satisfied in each other 's arms . 
 later that afternoon , they walked down to the store and bought more groceries so they could cook a special dinner . 
 they bought thick steaks , corn on the cob , two baking potatoes , chili beans , and sodas . 
 coming back to the cabin , mandy cleaned , buttered and spiced the corn on the cob and wrapped it in aluminum foil . 
 they packed a small ice chest with sodas , the steaks , corn , and potatoes . 
 mandy carried the small cooler while buddy carried the food , charcoal , and the other cooking supplies down to the beach . 
 he lit the charcoal to get the fire ready for grilling . 
 when the coals were ready , mandy put the foil wrapped potatoes and the corn to roast on the edge of the grill ; later , buddy began grilling the steaks . 
 mandy stirred the beans and toasted slices of bread . 
 when the steaks were done , they fixed their plates and settled down to eat at the picnic table . 
 sitting side by side at the table facing the lake , the sun began sinking behind the nearby hills while they feasted on the meal they had prepared together . 
 after eating , they lingered beside the fire watching the sunset paint vibrant colors on the clear blue water of the lake . 
 `` this is n't madge 's pot roast , '' mandy said , `` but this is a delicious meal ! . 
 everything tastes better eating out here by the lake . 
 best of all , we cooked it together , '' mandy cooed . 
 `` it 's wonderful doing things like this with someone i love . '' 
 reluctantly , they doused the barbeque fire , packed up all their gear , and headed back up the trail to their cabin . 
 later in the evening , they hiked over to the recreation building . 
 there was a huge bonfire in front of the building with a raised dance floor a short distance away . 
 a country western group was playing , and a few people were dancing outside under the stars . 
 they walked inside and saw clusters of people sitting around talking , playing cards , and relaxing in chairs around the room . 
 some people were playing pool , checkers , and board games . 
 in the far corner a man was strumming on a guitar while some others sang . 
 the room was busy , but it still felt very relaxed and homey . 
 mandy drew buddy across the room to meet jenny , one of the owners of the resort . 
 she greeted them warmly , hugged both of them and congratulated them on their marriage . 
 later they wandered over and watched the pool game . 
 after the game was over , buddy patiently showed mandy how to play . 
 she was a quick learner , and they laughed and cheered each other on . 
 when buddy sank the last ball and won the game , mandy threw her arms around him and kissed him happily . 
 when it got late , they walked outside and wandered over by the bonfire which had burned down to glowing embers . 
 when the band played a slow song , buddy led mandy onto the dance floor . 
 the flicker of the fire 's embers and the distant glow of the moonlight created a magical setting . 
 buddy drew her into his arms , and they began dancing together , `` you 've come a long way since i practically had to drag you onto the dance floor at the branding iron bar , '' mandy teased . 
 `` yeah , i was afraid i 'd make a fool of myself and scare you away . 
 luckily , i had the best dance teacher in the world , '' he kidded back . 
 `` then after i felt how sexy it was holding you in my arms , i was hooked . 
 i had to keep dancing , so i could keep feeling you leaning against me . 
 now , i can hold you against me whenever i want , but it is still so sexy feeling you moving with my body that i look forward to dancing with you many more times . 
 come to think of it , even the thought of holding you and dancing with you drives me crazy , '' buddy explained . 
 walking back to the cabin with buddy 's strong arm around her shoulder , mandy felt her heart swell with so much love and contentment that she feared it would explode with the sheer joy of living . 
 during the rest of the week at bear lake resort , mandy and buddy spent hours beside , in or on the lake . 
 one day , they rented a pedal boat and explored a small island in the middle of the lake . 
 they landed the boat and wandered through the trees . 
 they sat in the shade of a tree and listened to the melodic sounds of the birds in the trees . 
 one friendly blue jay hopped over near them . 
 it cocked its head and looked at them as if it were trying to figure out what they were doing on his island . 
 mandy laughed at his comical expression . 
 suddenly , it took off and landed in the top of a tall pine tree . 
 from there , it scolded them with a raucous voice . 
 they also quietly watched a small squirrel darting about the clearing searching for food . 
 mandy pulled a crust of bread out of her lunch bag and threw small pieces on the ground . 
 timidly , the squirrel snatched the pieces and rushed back to the safety of his tree . 
 the following day , jenny told them about a cave that had recently opened for viewing . 
 they borrowed a canoe from the resort and rowed across the lake . 
 they ventured into the cool darkness of the cavern . 
 inside it gradually grew darker and darker . 
 buddy had a flashlight so they wandered a little farther inside . 
 the tunnel opened up to a small room . 
 when he shined the flashlight around , they saw stalagmites rising from the ground . 
 inside the cave , it was much cooler than the temperature outside . 
 mandy shivered from the cold and the excitement of being so deep underground . 
 buddy wrapped his arms around her , turned off the flashlight , and kissed her in the complete darkness of the cave . 
 standing in the total blackness of the cave , mandy felt buddy 's hand push her pants down to the ground . 
 he slipped his down , lifted her up and guided her body down against him . 
 mandy wrapped her legs around his body . 
 with a gasp of excitement , she joined her body to his . 
 she sought his lips and kissed him . 
 in the blackness all she was aware of was the rhythmic movement of his body as he united his body with hers . 
 as she reached the pinnacle of excitement , she cried out with amazement at the feelings that exploded in her . 
 she clung to him , enthralled by the sensations that surged through her . 
 she was aware of perfect joy sweeping through her body . 
 buddy held her close and gasped , `` i think i 'm in heaven , mandy . 
 each time i 'm with you , i fall more in love with you . 
 i ca n't describe how i am feeling now , how you make me feel . 
 god has granted me all the desires of my heart . 
 you are all i have ever wanted or needed in my life , my dearest love , my amazing wife . '' 
 he held her close and kissed her tenderly . 
 mandy kept her legs wrapped around him . 
 she shivered as she felt him slowly slip out of her body . 
 by the dim light of the flashlight , they put on their clothes in reverent silence . 
 slowly they retraced their steps to the cave 's entrance . 
 the sudden light and warmer temperature greeted them . 
 they walked back to the boat . 
 `` i 'd never been in a cave before , '' mandy said , `` i 'm so glad you were with me ! 
 without you , i would have been terrified by the darkness . '' 
 once back at the boat , they donned their swim suits , swam , and splashed happily in the clear cold water of the lake . 
 later , they got in the boat and went out fishing . 
 mandy watched as buddy cast his line into the water . 
 by the end of an hour , he had caught three nice sized trout . 
 that night , they cooked the freshly caught fish on the barbeque grill . 
 it was another wonderful memory that mandy treasured in her mind . 
 after dinner , they went to the recreation center and played pool and visited with other campers . 
 before heading back to their cabin , they finished each night with a slow dance under the stars . 
 too quickly , the week flew by . 
 reluctantly , they packed their suitcases , tidied up the cabin , and prepared to leave . 
 they loaded the suitcases in the back of the truck and drove to the main parking lot . 
 mandy headed over to the boat ramp to return the last of the fishing equipment she had borrowed for their fishing trip . 
 buddy went into the office area . 
 jenny said , `` are you ready to leave now ? '' 
 buddy shook his head and said , `` this has been a wonderful place to stay . 
 everyone here has been so nice to us . 
 we 'll never forget our stay here . 
 we are hoping to come back again , maybe in the winter . '' 
 `` just let us know when . 
 you and mandy are welcome back anytime , '' jenny said . 
 buddy pulled his wallet and the cabin key out of his pants pocket . 
 `` i guess this makes it official . 
 now , if you 'll give me the bill , i 'll pay you for everything , '' buddy said . 
 `` there is no bill to pay . 
 mandy paid in advance for everything when she checked in . 
 all i need is the cabin key , and you 're all set to go , '' jenny said with a smile . 
 `` have a safe trip home . '' 
 buddy put his wallet back in his pocket and walked slowly back to the truck . 
 a dark shadow crossed over his face . 
 his smile disappeared , and he took a deep breath to calm himself down before he got back to the truck . 
 he bowed his head and asked god to help him control his temper . 
 by the time buddy reached his truck , he was feeling calmer , but he was still annoyed . 
 mandy was already seated in the truck when he walked up . 
 he opened his door , slid inside , and started the engine . 
 slowly he guided the truck down the campground road and turned onto the highway . 
 soon they began dropping out of the dense evergreen forests . 
 mandy laid her head on his shoulder and gently kissed his cheek . 
 `` what a wonderful honeymoon ! '' 
 mandy sighed . 
 `` i enjoyed every minute of it . '' 
 when buddy did n't respond to her comment , mandy opened her eyes and looked up at buddy 's face . 
 she said , `` you seem to be miles away . 
 are you all right ? 
 if you are too tired or sick , i can help you with the driving . '' 
 buddy sighed and said , `` sorry . 
 i was thinking about something else , and i guess i did n't hear what you said . '' 
 `` is something bothering you , buddy ? '' 
 she asked quietly . 
 `` yeah , but i do n't know how to say it , '' buddy replied . 
 `` just tell me straight out . 
 that 's the only way i 'll ever understand what you are thinking or feeling , '' mandy said `` mandy , why did you pay for our stay at bear lake resort ? 
 the honeymoon was my gift to you . 
 the groom always pays for the honeymoon , '' buddy explained . 
 `` i have enough money to pay for it ! '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , i guess i 'm just a creature of habit . 
 i always pay for my motel room when i check in . 
 that way i can leave any hour of the day or night without having to chase down a desk clerk . 
 sometimes , i decide to leave earlier than the office opens . 
 it just seems easier to me . 
 i did n't think about it . 
 i just put it on my debit card . 
 i never thought you could n't pay for it , '' many explained . 
 `` you do n't have to do that anymore when i 'm with you , '' buddy said . 
 `` when i went to return the cabin key and tried to pay , jenny told me you had already paid it . 
 i felt stupid and embarrassed because i did n't know what my wife had already done . 
 paying for the things we need is my job , because i am the man of the house , '' he explained . 
 `` déjà vu ! '' 
 mandy exclaimed . 
 `` did n't we have this same kind of conversation when we left the las palmas resort ? 
 money , or a lack of money , must be a real sore spot for you . 
 i 'm sorry i did n't think of that before i paid at bear lake . 
 i did n't mean to upset you again . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'll try to do better next time , but , i guess , i just do n't understand what difference it makes . 
 now that we are married , are n't we pooling our money ? 
 i think we need to talk about money and finances more later , but ca n't it wait a few more days ? 
 i do n't want anything to spoil any part of our honeymoon . '' 
 `` you 're right , honey . 
 i 'm sorry i mentioned it , but i 'm just supposed to be the one who pays the bills and manages the money . 
 i do n't understand why it bugs me so much , but it does , '' buddy admitted . 
 `` we ` ll talk about this later . 
 someday i want us to come back here again , '' buddy promised her with a kiss . 
 `` now it 's time to go home and start the next part of our life together . '' 
 `` even though i loved our honeymoon , i have missed the ranch and seeing your family . 
 i 've missed the sounds of the ranch waking up , seeing the horses in the pasture , listening to the birds outside my bedroom window , and watching the sunsets with you at the coral . 
 i have even missed the chores and the early morning rides and walking in the evenings to give treats to buck and thunder . 
 it will be good getting home again , too , '' mandy sighed . 
 `` remember it is now our ranch and our family . 
 for better or for worse , you are a welcome , valued part of the turner family . 
 i 've missed everyone , too , but i 'm looking forward to sleeping in my big four poster bed with you ! 
 have i told you lately that i love you , mandy ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` not recently enough . 
 i love hearing those words and the way you say my name , but i especially love hearing you say those words when your arms are around me . 
 i never knew life could be so wonderful , '' mandy sighed . 
 `` well , we are almost home now . 
 in just a few minutes , i 'm going to carry you over that threshold , mrs. turner . 
 living with you will be the most incredible adventure and joy of my life . 
 i want you here beside me always , '' buddy said . 
 `` maybe i should just carry you all the way up to our bed . 
 i 'd love to make love to you now , but then i always want that . '' 
 it was after 8:00 pm when they drove down the turner ranch driveway and parked beside their house . 
 true to his promise , buddy lifted mandy up into his arms and carried her over the threshold . 
 he put her down and went out to bring in their suitcases . 
 mandy looked around the living room . 
 she noticed there was a bouquet of fresh flowers on the dining room table . 
 leaning against the vase was a note that read , `` welcome home ! 
 we put a light dinner in your refrigerator so you wo n't have to worry about cooking dinner tonight . 
 come on over if you want to or we will see you tomorrow for breakfast . 
 we love you . 
 signed mom . '' 
 `` look , buddy , '' mandy said . 
 `` that was so sweet of her to do this for us . '' 
 buddy nodded agreement . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 should we go over right now or wait until morning ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` whatever you decide is fine with me , '' mandy replied . 
 `` let 's wait until tomorrow morning , so we can get some extra sleep before starting back to ranch work in the morning , '' buddy decided . 
 they heated up their supper , ate at their little dining room table , washed the dishes , and straightened up the kitchen before going upstairs . 
 buddy lifted mandy up into his arms and carried her up to their bedroom . 
 mandy quickly unpacked and put away their clean clothes in the dresser and closet . 
 she gathered up the dirty clothes and put them by the washer to be washed the next day . 
 `` welcome home , mandy ! 
 we had a marvelous honeymoon trip , but now we are beginning the rest of our life together . 
 come to me , my wife , my lover , my dearest friend . 
 i want to make love to you in our own bed , '' buddy whispered tenderly . 
 mandy moved eagerly to buddy 's side . 
 she put her arms around his neck and pressed her mouth against his . 
 eagerly they undressed each other . 
 soon , they were wrapped in a passionate embrace . 
 later , totally satisfied , they drifted off into a deep , peaceful sleep . 
 the next morning , when the alarm went off , they got dressed and walked over to the main house . 
 madge and the others were already seated around the dining room table . 
 they were welcomed back with hugs and kisses by all . 
 they dished up steaming plates of eggs and bacon and sat down with the others . 
 `` well , how was your honeymoon ? '' 
 melanie asked . 
 `` it was great ! '' 
 mandy answered with a happy smile . 
 `` we decided not to stay at the las palmas resort after the first night . 
 it was too formal and fancy for us . 
 we ended up at a beautiful place in the mountains called the bear lake resort , '' buddy explained . 
 `` it was more our style . 
 it was so peaceful , and there were lots of fun things to do , but it was good getting home last night , too . '' 
 `` we really missed all of you . 
 thanks for the dinner last night . 
 that was so thoughtful of you , madge . 
 it gave us some extra time to get things put away . 
 we are settled in now and are looking forward to getting back into the routine here on the ranch , '' mandy added . 
 `` well , it 's great to have you back . 
 i hate to have to put you right back to work so soon , but we need to move the main herd to the next section where there is more water and grass , '' robert reported . 
 `` i need to get a rough count of the herd so we can plan how many steer we should send to the next cattle auction . 
 then we can better see how we are doing . '' 
 `` may i come along with you ? 
 it would feel good to ride thunder again . 
 besides , i might be able to help , too , '' mandy said . 
 `` of course , come along if you want to . 
 the more hands , the lighter the load , '' robert added . 
 each morning started with the family gathering for breakfast , and the daily chores were divided up . 
 in the evening , everyone ate supper together and discussed the day 's work . 
 mandy filled her days with whatever needed to be done . 
 she enjoyed helping melanie with the kids when she was n't working outside . 
 she helped with the cleaning of the three houses . 
 the work seemed to agree with her . 
 she grew tanner and her body grew trimmer and stronger . 
 sometimes she relieved madge and helped cook supper . 
 she introduced some of her family 's favorite recipes . 
 the good thing about everyone working hard on the ranch , they were usually hungry and were willing to eat whatever was put in front of them . 
 the family especially enjoyed her swiss steak and pan fried potatoes , sausages , and onions , her homemade chicken and dumplings , and her asian style polynesian beef and rice . 
 as the days flew by , mandy felt happier and more at peace than she had since her father had died . 
 a routine settled in filled with time for work , family togetherness , and love making . 
 each evening , buddy and mandy strolled together to the corral to give treats to buck and thunder . 
 afterwards , they walked home together and spent the rest of the night together in the big four poster bed . 
 one day , when mandy was running errands for madge , she came out of the general store in town and found her car blocked in by a shiny black pickup . 
 sitting in the driver 's seat was the all too familiar face of jason . 
 he hopped out of the truck and said , `` let me help you with those bags . 
 a sweet young thing like you should n't have to do hard physical labor . '' 
 mandy replied , `` no , thanks , jason . 
 i can do this myself . 
 i do n't need or want your help '' `` come on , i just want us to be friendly -- real friendly , '' he added with a wink . 
 `` do n't you get it ? 
 i am happily married to buddy , and i do n't want anything to do with you , jason . 
 just move your truck and leave me alone . '' 
 `` all right , for now anyway , but we will meet again . 
 next time you may change your mind . 
 remember what i can give you that your broken down cowboy ca n't ! '' 
 jason said as he pulled away . 
 `` there 's nothing you have that i want . 
 buddy is all i need , '' she called back . 
 mandy sat in her car steaming over the way jason had talked about buddy . 
 `` there wo n't be any next time , if i can help it , '' she fumed as she drove back to the ranch . 
 once at the ranch , she dismissed jason 's words . 
 she helped bring in the eggs and made a fresh peach cobbler for dessert . 
 a few mornings later , she rode out with robert and buddy to help count the cattle in one area . 
 robert was trying to figure out how many cattle would be ready to be sent to the auction for sale in the fall . 
 while they were riding , mandy saw a small steer stuck in a muddy wash . 
 it was struggling to get out of the mire . 
 mandy used her lariat and lassoed it . 
 she guided thunder and soon had the calf pulled out of the muck . 
 robert and buddy came over when they saw her ride into the wash . 
 gently , they saw her pull it to safety . 
 she dismounted and quickly felt it 's legs . 
 `` it seems to be unhurt . 
 i 'm glad i saw it before it sank any deeper , '' she called . 
 she removed the lasso and released it . 
 she remounted and herded it back toward the rest of the strays . 
 `` that was good roping . 
 you 've got a gentle touch with the calves , too , '' robert commented . 
 `` thanks , i had a great teacher . 
 my dad made sure i learned about a lot of things most little girls did n't get to do . 
 i think sometimes he treated me like the son he always wanted , but never had . 
 he was tough as nails and was into martial arts , competitive shooting , law enforcement , and every job that needed to be done on a ranch . 
 my mom died when i was four . 
 he became my mom and dad . 
 since we did n't have any family nearby , i generally was toted along with him wherever he went . 
 i learned to ride at four and fired my first gun when i was about six . 
 while he learned judo , i tagged along and picked up a lot of the moves . 
 he always answered my questions , and i believe it tickled him to see me copying what he did . 
 i probably would n't have survived after he died if it were n't for all the things he taught me . 
 he was my father and my hero , and i still miss him a lot ! '' 
 mandy explained . 
 `` it seems like you remembered what he taught you very well . 
 i wish i 'd known him back then , '' robert said . 
 `` it would be a pleasure to shake his hand and thank him for all he did for you . 
 you are such a blessing to all of us . 
 i am amazed when i see how well you fit in our family . 
 it is almost like we 've known you forever . '' 
 mandy blushed with pleasure at his praise for herself and her father . 
 she rode along with him as they resumed their count . 
 `` counting cattle is like trying to count flies in a huge open room . 
 it is nearly impossible to get an accurate count , because they move around so much . 
 it 's hard to tell whether you 've already counted them after they move , but you can at least get a better estimate than just guessing , '' robert said . 
 that night at supper , robert said , `` we need to count again . 
 it does n't come close to the last one . 
 we must have missed a group or two . 
 we 're about 100 short from our last count . '' 
 mandy remembered how careful robert had been about sectioning off the range land . 
 she could n't understand how they could have been that far off . 
 the next week , they started to recount the cattle again to decide how many steers to get ready for the fall cattle auction . 
 chapter 11 after breakfast , robert , buddy , and mandy mounted up and started out toward the next section of the ranch . 
 mandy was mounted on thunder and rode beside buddy . 
 it was a hot , dusty ride , but mandy did n't care . 
 she loved being out on the range helping buddy and robert . 
 mandy thanked god every morning for her wonderful new life on the ranch and for the family she belonged to . 
 her life was so filled with joy that hot weather could n't bring her spirits down . 
 mandy stopped and wiped the sweat off her brow and took a short drink from her canteen . 
 at robert 's signal , they separated and began circling the herd , buddy and mandy 's job was to try to keep any steers from breaking away and messing up the count robert was making . . 
 mandy watched with admiration how easily the two men worked together . 
 mandy saw a large bull near buddy break away from the herd and start running away from the circle . 
 buddy turned buck and chased after it . 
 buddy had his lasso loose and was about to rope it when the bull spun around and began charging straight at buck . 
 buck lived up to his name . 
 he spun right and then began a series of wild hops , skips , and leaps trying to evade the bull 's horns . 
 when buck spun and leaped , buddy was thrown slightly off balance . 
 he was still struggling to regain his balance when buck jumped sideways and spun again . 
 mandy watched in horror as buddy flew off buck . 
 he twisted wildly in the air , before landing heavily on the ground . 
 mandy and robert spurred over towards buddy sprawled out on the ground and arrived at about the same time . 
 robert chased the angry bull away while mandy rushed to buddy 's side . 
 he was motionless on the ground . 
 his left leg was bent in an unnatural position . 
 blood was running down his face from a cut above his eyebrow , and he was unconscious . . 
 robert dismounted and rushed to buddy , `` do n't move him ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 he quickly checked buddy 's breathing and pulse . 
 he gently felt down buddy 's legs and arms . 
 `` either his leg is broken or his hip is out of its socket , or both . 
 i do n't like the way his body is twisted around either . 
 i 'm not a doctor , but i 've seen a lot of injuries , and this looks mighty bad to me . 
 i 'll ride back to the ranch and get help . 
 when he comes to , do n't let him move around , even if you have to sit on him . 
 i 'll be back as quick as i can . '' 
 robert mounted his horse and spurred him into a fast gallop . 
 mandy watched him disappear over the rise . 
 before turning her attention back to buddy . 
 she bent down and kissed his cheek and whispered reassuring words into his ear . 
 `` i do n't know if you can hear me , buddy , but hold on . 
 i 'm here with you , and i wo n't leave you . 
 just rest and lie still . '' 
 she wet her bandana and wiped away the blood on his face . 
 she held steady pressure on the cut to stop the bleeding . 
 mandy felt helpless and alone . 
 she bowed her head and prayed fervently , `` dear god , take care of buddy . 
 please do n't let him be badly hurt or die . 
 i need him and love him so much . 
 please let help get here quickly . 
 touch him and heal him . 
 please protect him and keep him safe , '' mandy prayed over and over again . 
 mandy sat watching his silent body for what seemed like an hour , but was only about 30 minutes . 
 she heard the sound of robert 's old truck roaring toward her . 
 overhead she heard the unmistakable sound of a helicopter . 
 mandy stood up and waved frantically . 
 the helicopter veered toward her and landed nearby . 
 the helicopter door opened and a paramedic dashed over to buddy 's side . 
 he opened his equipment bag and began taking his vital signs . 
 he scribbled some numbers on his hand . 
 `` has he been awake since the accident ? '' 
 he asked mandy . 
 `` no , he has n't been conscious , and he has n't moved at all , '' mandy explained . 
 by this time , robert and madge had reached him , too . 
 the paramedic told robert , `` his vital signs are steady , but we need to get him to the hospital right away ! 
 i do n't like the fact that he has n't regained consciousness yet . 
 that makes me suspect a possible brain injury . 
 because of the way he landed , we have to be very careful to secure him on a transport board before we move him to keep him from further injury . 
 hold his head and neck steady while i put on a neck brace . 
 now we need to very carefully slip the board under him , keeping his spine from moving as much as we can . '' 
 they secured him onto the backboard . 
 robert and the paramedic carried him to the helicopter . 
 quickly they loaded him inside . 
 the paramedic climbed in and began rechecking his vital signs . 
 `` we 're taking him to the county 's regional medical center in ventana . 
 you can meet us there , '' he said as they lifted off and hurriedly flew away . 
 robert mounted thunder and caught buck 's reins . 
 `` madge , you and mandy take the truck and go to the hospital . 
 i 'll bring the horses back to the barn and join you at the hospital in ventana as soon as i can , '' robert called . 
 they all raced toward the main house . 
 when they came to the driveway , madge turned onto it and headed toward the highway . 
 robert continued to the barn , quickly tended to the horses , then got into melanie 's car and hurried to catch up with the women . 
 madge gunned the truck around the twists and turns in the winding two-lane county road . 
 mandy shuddered and wondered if this was how jerry was driving the night of his accident . 
 `` madge , please slow down a little . 
 it wo n't help buddy or anyone else if we get into a wreck on the way to the hospital , '' she chided gently . 
 madge slowed down and said , `` you 're right . 
 i just want to be there as quick as i can . '' 
 by the time they reached the regional medical center , buddy had already been briefly examined . 
 he was stabilized and sent directly out for ct scan and x-rays . 
 the ladies checked in and sat down in the waiting room . 
 after what seemed like an hour , robert rushed in and hugged madge . 
 `` have you heard anything yet ? '' 
 he asked . 
 they shook their heads , and he took mandy 's hand and squeezed it . 
 he gave madge and mandy a quick hug then sat down between them . 
 they sat silently waiting . 
 several minutes later , a doctor wearing scrubs entered the room . 
 he walked over and shook robert 's hand . 
 `` my name is dr. owens . 
 i 'm the resident trauma surgeon on duty today . 
 i was the first one who examined buddy when he arrived at the trauma center . 
 on the plus side , buddy seems to be young , strong and healthy . 
 the x-rays confirm that he has a broken femur . 
 his hip is dislocated , too . 
 he had a complete ct scan of his head , neck and back . 
 the most worrisome thing right now is he has damaged the first , second , and third lumbar vertebrae . 
 there is no way to tell at this point if his spinal cord has been permanently damaged . 
 the ct scan of his head also shows some bleeding in the frontal lobe . 
 it seems to have stopped bleeding now , but we need to keep a close watch on that , too . '' 
 `` can we see him soon ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` no , you ca n't see him right now . 
 buddy has been taken directly into surgery . 
 with spinal injuries , it is critical that we act quickly . 
 the orthopedic surgeon is attempting to stabilize and repair the damaged area in his lower spine to prevent further damage to his spinal cord . 
 it is much too early to know for sure if there has been permanent , irreparable spinal cord damage or not . 
 if there is just bruising , usually , with rest and physical therapy , he could make a complete recovery . 
 if the cord is badly crushed or severed , he will never be able to walk again . '' 
 `` how soon will we know how badly he is injured ? '' 
 robert asked . 
 `` it is going to be a long time before we can see how well his body heals , and if he will walk again . 
 after the spinal surgery is complete , he will go into icu for recovery . 
 in a couple of days , he needs to go back for surgery to have his femur and hip worked on . 
 as soon as he is out of surgery today , i will come and talk to you again . 
 until then , all we can do is wait and pray . '' 
 mandy 's head swam as she struggled to understand all the doctor had said . 
 the words that screamed in her head were `` he may never walk again . '' 
 mandy sat silent and wooden between robert and madge . 
 outwardly she appeared calm , but inside she was in turmoil . 
 madge touched her arm and brought her back to the moment . 
 `` remember , god is in control , and he is the great physician . 
 we need to keep our faith strong . 
 buddy is going to need our strength and faith now more than ever before , '' madge said . 
 mandy squeezed her hand and smiled weakly . 
 `` you 're right , madge . 
 we need to pray harder than we have ever prayed before . 
 he has to get better . 
 he has so much to look forward to . 
 i keep hoping i 'll wake up and this will be a horrible nightmare , '' mandy leaned her head back , closed her eyes , and began praying for a miracle . 
 robert went to find a telephone so he could call and let melanie know what the doctor had told them . 
 time seemed to slow to a crawl . 
 the hands on the waiting room clock did n't seem to move at all . 
 more than six hours passed before dr. owens returned . 
 `` the first surgery is over and it went very well . 
 the surgeons did their best to align and stabilize the damaged vertebrae . 
 it was very delicate and tedious work , but they were able to secure a metal cage around the damaged area . 
 it is up to his body now . 
 in time , new bone will fill in the cage and strengthen the vertebrae . 
 hopefully , the spinal cord has not already been permanently damaged . 
 if the bones shift , it could further damage the spinal cord . 
 a body cast will help prevent his spine from shifting by preventing any movement . 
 he will probably be in the cast at least two or three months . 
 because of the strain on the spine , we plan on keeping him fully sedated for at least the next 24 hours so his body can concentrate on healing . 
 in a day or two , we will go back and repair his hip and femur . 
 i recommend you all go home and get some rest . 
 he will have a very long recuperation period from these injuries . 
 he will need your support more after he wakes up . 
 we will call if there is any change , '' dr. owens said . 
 mandy did n't want to leave the hospital , but robert and madge insisted . 
 madge took her arm and led her out to the car . 
 madge and mandy took melanie 's car , while robert drove his truck home . 
 both women rode home in silence , each one was lost in prayer or thought mandy walked into the silent house that she and buddy had left together that morning . 
 the dark silence surrounded her , and she sank down on the couch . 
 she collapsed and sobbed until there were no more tears . 
 she stretched out and tried to sleep , but the feeling of lonely emptiness overwhelmed her . 
 finally she gave up . 
 she walked over to the barn , saddled thunder , and went for a ride to clear her head . 
 she followed the fence line , barely realizing where she was going . 
 when she looked up , she saw a loading ramp and corral . 
 she let thunder pick the way . 
 he slowed and stopped near a feed trough . 
 finding it empty , he shook his head and waited for mandy to guide him away . 
 mandy had never been to this part of the ranch before since they had not sold or shipped any cattle off the ranch during the time she had been living at the ranch . 
 curious , she hopped off thunder and walked around . 
 there was a large holding pen in front of a gate that led the cattle onto the ramp to the loading dock platform . 
 when she walked up the ramp , she noticed flies buzzing around small globs of fairly fresh manure . 
 from the loading dock , she saw recent large truck tire impressions in the ground beside the loading dock . 
 mandy looked around again . 
 `` that 's strange , '' she thought . 
 `` cattle ca n't get onto this ramp unless someone opens the gate to the loading dock . 
 how did the fresh manure get on the ramp and loading dock ? 
 we had a big rainstorm three weeks ago . 
 why are those tire tracks still here ? 
 the tire impressions would have been washed away in that downpour , unless the trucks were here after that storm . 
 this does n't make sense , '' she puzzled . 
 mandy mounted thunder and started riding west away from the loading dock . 
 the sound and headlights of a vehicle attracted her attention . 
 she turned around and saw a black pickup truck coming down the service road outside the ranch 's fence . 
 she rode into a small clump of trees and bushes . 
 the truck pulled up next to the loading dock fence . 
 jason got out and looked around . 
 he stood leaning against the gate and scanned the area before getting back in his truck and heading back down the road . 
 as she sat on thunder 's back and watched jason drive off , something clicked in her mind . 
 she suddenly remembered robert mentioning they had either miscounted or there were about 100 ` missing ' cattle . 
 quickly mandy put all the facts together , and she realized the cattle were n't just ` missing . ' 
 they had been stolen . 
 everything dropped into place . 
 the only reason she could think of for jason to be so far out on their ranch road at 4 am to stop and look around here was clear to her . 
 jason must be involved someway in the disappearance of their cattle . 
 as she rode back to the barn , she decided not to mention this to robert until she had more proof . 
 robert and madge were already stressed out about buddy 's injuries and their money problems ; she could n't add her suspicions to the load they were already carrying . 
 at breakfast the next morning , mandy said , `` robert , i think i know how we can get some extra help here on the ranch while buddy is laid up , and it wo n't cost much or maybe nothing . '' 
 robert looked up puzzled and asked , `` how can we do that ? '' 
 `` when i was in college in ventana , they had a program where students could get work experience credit towards their graduation requirements . 
 i know the man in charge of the agriculture department at the college in ventana . 
 sometimes they have students who just need actual job experience to count towards their degrees . 
 if you want me to , i can contact him and see if he has some students who might want to help out here . '' 
 `` i did n't know about that program . 
 i know it is going to be a struggle to keep up with the work with buddy in the hospital . 
 that idea sounds really good to me . 
 i 'm sure it would be a big help for all of us , '' robert said . 
 `` i 'll check with them today and try to find us some good , reliable help , '' mandy agreed quickly . 
 after breakfast , mandy drove to the college in ventana to meet with charles sawyer , head of the agricultural department . 
 mandy explained who she was and the problem they were having . 
 `` because of buddy 's injuries , he will be unable to work for a long time . '' 
 mandy asked , `` do you have any students who need job experience credits or who might want to work part time to help out on the turner ranch while buddy recovers ? '' 
 mr. sawyer thought for a couple of minutes . 
 he nodded yes . 
 `` i can think of two young men who fit that description . 
 they might be very interested in working on the ranch for credit hours . '' 
 mr. sawyer asked his secretary to page the students to his office . 
 a few minutes later , they walked into the room . 
 mr. sawyer introduced them to mandy . 
 mandy briefly explained about buddy 's accident and their need to hire reliable , experienced ranch hands until he was well enough to get back to work . 
 `` i know you need work credits , but i will also pay you for the hours you work for us . 
 the turner ranch is east of loomis . 
 we are willing to work around your class schedules . 
 we would really appreciate any help you could give us , '' mandy added . 
 bill harris , a 20 year old junior agriculture major , said , `` this semester i have all afternoon classes . 
 i could work until 1 pm every day . '' 
 mandy quickly sized him up . 
 he was about six feet tall , thin , and bronzed from being outdoors a lot . 
 she said , `` that would be perfect , because we try to get the bulk of the chores done in the cooler morning hours . 
 you could help robert turner , my father-in-law , in the morning , and then have the afternoon off for your classes . '' 
 bill extended his hand and said , `` i 'd be glad to work for you . 
 i know where your ranch is . 
 this job would really help me get my credits faster . 
 the extra money would be a big help , too . 
 how soon do you want me to start ? '' 
 mandy shook his hand and answered , `` would tomorrow be too soon to start work ? 
 be there at 5:30 and have breakfast with us and discuss the morning 's chores . '' 
 `` that sounds fine to me . 
 i 'll be there at 5:30 , ready to work . 
 thanks for the job . '' 
 after he left the office , max brown , a tall sturdily built 21 year old senior , said , `` i guess you wo n't be needing me , since bill took the job . '' 
 mandy looked him over and said , `` we do need another ranch hand for a special project . 
 if you might be interested , we can discuss the details in the outer office so mr. sawyer can get back to work . 
 thanks so much for your help , mr. sawyer . '' 
 mandy and max went into the outer office and sat down . 
 mandy asked . 
 `` would you be able to work late night hours ? '' 
 `` i am just finishing my independent project now , so my schedule is completely free . 
 i can work any hours . 
 what special assignment do you have ? '' 
 he asked curiously . 
 `` what kind of work would you want me to do at night ? '' 
 he asked with a puzzled expression . 
 `` can you keep a confidence ? 
 we have another ` problem ; ' at least , i think there is a big problem . 
 do you have time to go out to the ranch with me now so i can show you something ? 
 i 'd like to get your opinion about what i 've found . 
 it is hard to explain unless you see it for yourself . 
 i 'll pay you for your time , even if you decide not to take the job , '' mandy said . 
 `` lead the way , ma’am . 
 you 've aroused my curiosity , '' he said with a grin . 
 once in her car , mandy headed for the ranch . 
 during the ride , mandy learned max had transferred to ventana college from texas at the beginning of the school year . 
 he had been looking for part-time work to finish his final work credits , but since he did n't know local ranchers , he had not found a job that would qualify for the work experience credits program instead of going down the driveway to the main house , mandy turned down the service road that ran along the south fence line . 
 `` the turner ranch goes from this fence line for about 4 miles north and west . 
 my husband 's family has been on this ranch land for four generations , and it is very important to all of them . 
 they have been having financial trouble the last year or two ; and i think i may have figured out part of the reason for their struggle . '' 
 mandy stopped beside the gate near the loading dock . 
 she got out of the car , and opened the gate . 
 max followed her inside the fence , and latched the gate behind them . 
 mandy said , `` walk around and tell me what you see here . 
 i want to know if you observe details . '' 
 max started pacing methodically around the corral , the loading ramp , and the platform . 
 he stooped down a couple of times then scanned the surrounding range land . 
 `` what can you tell me about this place ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` it looks like it is in reasonably good condition . 
 the fences are all intact ; there 's a large enough feed area to take care of a sizeable herd , and the water troughs look like they would hold water , but should be cleaned out before filling . 
 it did n't get a thorough cleaning after the last shipment , but other than that it seems usable , '' max reported . 
 `` when do you think the last shipment went out ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it is hard to tell exactly . 
 since we had some very heavy rain storms three weeks ago , it looks like you shipped a bunch of cattle out in the last two weeks . 
 there are some reasonably fresh piles of manure on the ramp . 
 there are some semi-truck size tire tracks still showing in the soil leading into and out of the loading dock area . 
 i 'd guess it was probably a fairly small shipment , just one cattle truck with 3 or 4 cowboys managing the steers , '' he reported . 
 `` good eye , sherlock ! 
 that 's exactly what i thought ! 
 the fact is we have n't shipped out any cattle since last fall . 
 recently we did a rough count , and we are about 100 head short of what we should have , '' mandy said . 
 `` do you think someone has used this dock to steal your cattle during the night ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` yes , that 's exactly what i think happened , but i need proof . 
 if someone has been stealing our cattle that would explain why our count was so short and why we have n't been making as much money recently , '' mandy explained . 
 `` what does that have to do with me ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` a few days ago , i saw a guy checking out this area about 4 am . 
 i recognized him as a local troublemaker who has a grudge against my husband and his family . 
 he has no reason to be on this property , especially not in the middle of the night . 
 i think he may be involved with our missing cattle , but i need proof . 
 what i 'd like you to do is find a good vantage point where you can keep an eye out on this area during the night . 
 if you see anything , call me and we 'll get the sheriff out here to catch them . 
 i do n't want you to be a hero and take any chances . 
 i just need good reliable eyes . 
 between helping on the ranch in the days , and helping take care of my husband at the hospital in the afternoon and evenings , i just ca n't do this job by myself . 
 my father-in-law and mother-in-law are already so stressed , i just need some proof , before i mention anything about rustlers . 
 by then , hopefully , we 'll have the rustlers in custody . '' 
 `` how did you see the guy scoping out your ranch at 4 am ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` it was just a lucky accident . 
 the day after my husband was injured , i was so upset when i came home that i could n't sleep . 
 i finally decided to go out for a ride to clear my head . 
 i came upon this loading area and was looking at it . 
 i had just started riding away from where we are standing now when i spotted headlights . 
 i rode over to that group of trees and watched a black pickup truck stop and a guy got out . 
 i recognized his truck . 
 i saw him go over to the gate and look all around . 
 after he got in his truck and left , i came over here and looked around more carefully . 
 that 's when everything fell into place , '' mandy explained . 
 `` that could have turned out a lot worse if he had seen you . 
 if he is involved in rustling , he could be very dangerous , '' max warned . 
 `` i need a job for work credit . 
 i 'd be grateful for the hours . 
 the extra pay would be awesome , too . 
 it would tickle me pink to help catch some dirty , rotten cattle rustlers . 
 if you still want me to work for you , i 'm your man . 
 i 'd be glad to help out here , '' max said extending his hand . 
 mandy reached out and shook his hand . 
 `` i was thinking you could come in late at night and ride out here . 
 i think that grove of trees and brush area would be a good lookout spot . 
 there 's plenty of cover , and there 's a creek below it so you 'd have water nearby for you and your horse . 
 i hope this works ! 
 times are tough enough for ranchers without having cattle rustlers stealing what little they have . 
 when you come to work , i 'll give you a cellphone to use . 
 i 'll program my number into it in case you need to call me . 
 no matter what time , day or middle of the night , i need to know what they do and when they make their move . 
 if you see bill at the college , you can fill him in on this . 
 please do n't tell anyone else . 
 the only chance we have of catching these rustlers is if they do n't know we are aware of their activity , '' mandy said . 
 when mandy dropped max off at his car , she shook his hand again . 
 `` i do n't know how to tell you how grateful i am that you are going to do this job . 
 with good luck and god 's blessing , we are going to solve this mystery and catch these crooks . '' 
 `` i 'll do my best . 
 i 'll start tomorrow about 10 pm , '' max said . 
 the next morning when bill arrived , robert explained what he needed help with for the day . 
 before bill left , robert showed him where supplies and equipment were stored . 
 when robert was n't around , mandy pulled bill aside and told him about max and the missing cattle . 
 `` please do n't tell robert anything about this or about you getting paid for working here . 
 i will pay you myself out of my own money . 
 i do n't want him worrying about the money . 
 he thinks you are just earning class credits . 
 i do n't want him having more stress . 
 if you see anything that looks suspicious , like strangers snooping around , let max or me know . 
 you can talk to max about this , because i hired him to keep watch out by the loading dock during the night , but it is critical that no one else learns about it , '' mandy said quickly . 
 the next night , max arrived at 10 pm . 
 everyone else was asleep in bed . 
 mandy hurried over to the corral area where she fed thunder . 
 she handed him the cellphone and said , `` remember , call if anything happens . '' 
 `` i 'll let you know if i hear or see anything suspicious . 
 try to relax and get some rest , too . 
 i 've got things covered here , '' max said as he rode out to start his watch . 
 mandy watched him disappear into the darkness and sighed , `` thank you , god , for guiding me to find max . 
 now i can rest easier knowing his eyes and yours are on this ranch tonight . '' 
 life at the ranch returned to its now normal pattern for mandy of work on the ranch during the day , hospital visits to buddy during the afternoons and evenings , and breakfasts together with the family and bill . 
 for several days , neither bill nor max saw anything suspicious . 
 mandy felt a little more relaxed knowing there were two others who knew her suspicions about the rustlers and were helping her . 
 about a week later , mandy rode out early in the morning checking the fences . 
 about a mile from the main house , mandy noticed a broken fence wire . 
 she grabbed a long piece of wire , her cutters , and gloves . 
 she jumped down off thunder and focused her attention on splicing the wires . 
 she was twisting the last splice when she was suddenly grabbed from behind with her arms trapped at her sides . 
 she struggled frantically trying to get loose , but the grip tightened even more . 
 unable to get a deep breath , she stopped struggling . 
 `` relax , mandy . 
 i told you we 'd meet again , '' jason said with a sneering laugh . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` not until you relax and give me a kiss , ' he said . 
 `` jason , take your hands off of me ! '' 
 `` is that all you can say ? 
 you talked pretty big at that bar . '' 
 `` you wo n't get away with this ! '' 
 `` who 's going to stop me ? 
 your loser husband or his dear old daddy ? 
 there 's no one for miles around to hear you or help you . 
 i can do whatever i want , and i know what i want from you ! 
 one way or the other , i 'm going to get what i want today . 
 stop fighting . 
 you 're going to find out what a real man feels like , '' he said ominously . 
 mandy stopped struggling and caught her breath . 
 jason turned her slightly and grabbed her chin . 
 he pulled it , trying to force her to kiss him . 
 `` that 's a smart girl . 
 i do n't want to hurt you , but i will if i have to . 
 come on , you know you need a man . 
 i hear your hubby is paralyzed . 
 a beautiful woman like you needs a man , and i 'm the man who 's going to have you now . 
 kiss me ! '' 
 he ordered forcing her mouth close to his . 
 `` you know you want it ! '' 
 mandy fought to avoid his kiss . 
 just as he was about to kiss her , she raised her right foot up and stomped on jason 's foot with all her weight . 
 jason jerked back in surprise . 
 mandy brought her knee up and smashed it into his groin as hard as she could . 
 jason doubled over in pain . 
 mandy sprang away from him . 
 she whistled for thunder and leapt onto his back before jason could recover . 
 she rode a few feet from him . 
 she stopped , turned and shrieked at jason , '' get off this ranch , jason , and do n't ever come back ! 
 you 're crazy ! 
 you 'd never get away with this . '' 
 `` do n't be so sure , '' jason yelled . 
 `` you are n't the first , and you wo n't be the last woman i 've had . 
 this is n't over -- not until i get what i want from you . 
 if you tell anyone , i 'll deny it . 
 you 're just a poor nobody , a stranger . 
 no one will believe your word over mine . 
 all you 'll accomplish is make yourself look like a money hungry slut chasing after a rich man . 
 i got away with it before . 
 remember , we are n't finished until i say so ! '' 
 `` if you come near me or this ranch again , i 'll shoot you and make sure you are n't able to attack any woman again , '' mandy threatened . 
 `` you have n't got the guts to do that ! '' 
 he taunted . 
 `` do n't underestimate me . 
 i was questioned about my first husband 's death , but they could n't prove it . 
 i got away with that ! 
 i 'm warning you to leave me and my family alone ! '' 
 she yelled back . 
 she spurred thunder 's side and raced back to the barn . 
 chapter 12 mandy was badly shaken , but , by the time she got back to the barn , she had forced herself to appear calm . 
 `` this situation with jason is totally out of control . 
 with everything else going on , i know i ca n't deal with this alone . 
 there is no one on the ranch that i can tell . 
 how much more can they handle ? '' 
 she thought . 
 `` i have to get this situation on record . 
 i guess i 'm going to have to talk to the sheriff sooner than i thought i would . 
 i hope he still remembers my dad . 
 dad worked with him for three years as a deputy , but that was years ago . 
 maybe he 'll really listen to me and help me . 
 i ca n't handle all this alone anymore . '' 
 when mandy got home , she took care of thunder . 
 she rushed into her house , grabbed a quick shower , dressed and drove over to the county sheriff 's station near ventana . 
 after waiting for a few minutes , she was escorted into sheriff larson 's office . 
 mandy sat in the chair across the desk from sheriff larson . 
 he introduced himself and asked with a polite smile , `` what can i do for you today ? '' 
 mandy smiled and said , `` i knew you many years ago . 
 you have n't changed very much . 
 i would have recognized you anywhere . 
 i doubt if you 'd remember me , since i was only about eight the last time i saw you . 
 my name is mandy turner now . 
 i 'm married to buddy turner , now , but you knew me as wayne dalton 's little tag-along daughter , amanda . '' 
 `` you 're right , i would n't have recognized you . 
 wow ! 
 you 've really changed since the last time i saw you , but i do remember you and your dad ! 
 he was a wonderful man , a great deputy , and a true friend . 
 i was so sorry to hear about his death , '' sheriff larson said . 
 `` thanks , '' mandy said . 
 `` he was a great dad , too . '' 
 `` i do n't imagine you are here just to talk about old times . 
 how can i help you ? '' 
 he asked with a friendly smile . 
 mandy briefly told him about her marriage to buddy and his accident . 
 `` this may sound like a strange question , but have any ranchers reported missing some cattle lately ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` not that i 've heard . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i noticed some strange things on our ranch recently , and i believe we may have had cattle stolen from our ranch in the last month or so . 
 with buddy hurt and his parents so stressed , i decided to come and talk to you before mentioning it to them , '' mandy admitted . 
 `` i think we are missing about one hundred head of cattle . 
 i 'm pretty sure i know where and how they are being taken . 
 i think i know who 's responsible , but i do n't have any proof yet . 
 do you have time to ride out to our ranch ? 
 i 'd like to get your thoughts on what i 've found , '' mandy asked . 
 `` for you and for that kind of problem , i 'll make time . 
 let me get one of my deputies , and we 'll take a ride . 
 you said you think you know who 's doing it . 
 who is it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` because of past problems with this guy , this cattle theft may not involve any other ranches ; it may just be directed against our ranch . 
 since i returned to carmelita , i 've had 3-4 unpleasant run-ins with jason burton . 
 he and buddy do n't get along . 
 since i married buddy , and now , even more since buddy 's accident , he 's been following me around , threatening me making lewd suggestions . 
 earlier this morning , he physically grabbed me and tried to rape me . 
 thanks to my dad 's training when i was little , i managed to get away . 
 i 've seen him snooping around our ranch in the middle of the night where he has no business being . 
 i 'm thinking this may be partially personal because of his anger toward buddy and me . '' 
 `` about today 's attack , do you have any evidence ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` not really , except for bruises on my cheek and upper arms . 
 i was alone repairing a broken stretch of fence a mile or so from the ranch house , so there were no witnesses . 
 he said he 'd done this before and always got away with it . 
 he does n't think laws apply to him . '' 
 `` we 've had other complaints about him before , but , thanks to his dad 's money and influence , we have n't been able to get him convicted or even arrested , '' sheriff larson said . 
 `` i believed the girls ' stories , but there was n't enough evidence to prosecute . 
 i 'd love to get that louse put away . '' 
 `` i know he bragged today that he had done this before . 
 he told me that no one will believe a ` poor nobody ' like me against him and his daddy . 
 that 's why i want to be sure we get enough evidence to put him put away for a long time so i can get him out of my life ! '' 
 mandy said angrily . 
 `` that would suit me fine , too . 
 i 'll be glad to help you any way that i can , '' he answered . 
 `` there is something else i need to ask about , '' mandy added . 
 `` i need to find out if my permit to carry a concealed handgun from montana would be legal in this state . 
 i had permits to carry weapons , including concealed handguns , but i was n't sure if i would need to get local permits . 
 i was really lucky to get away from jason this time , but i 'm sure he 'll be more determined and better prepared next time . 
 as long as that skunk is prowling around me or my family 's ranch , i want to carry protection . 
 i did n't bring my guns with me when i left montana . 
 i sold them to the lawyer who helped settle the estate . 
 what do i need to do to purchase and carry firearms here legally as soon as possible ? '' 
 `` as a permanent resident in this state , your montana permits would not be good here . 
 normally there 's a ten day waiting period to purchase a gun . 
 to carry concealed weapons , you also need to pass a test to show competency to shoot and handle guns . 
 because of the special circumstances you 've just told me about , i 'm sure we can speed up the process , '' he said . 
 he pulled a stack of forms out of the filing cabinet . 
 when his deputy arrived , they got into an unmarked sheriff 's department car and headed out to the ranch . 
 when they got near the ranch , mandy directed them to drive down the back road to the loading chute area . 
 the men got out and looked around the area . 
 they noticed the clearly visible tire tracks , hoof prints from 2-3 different horses , and hoof prints from a large group of cattle . 
 mandy explained that it had been several months since they had shipped any cattle out for sale . 
 she also told them about robert 's count being short by about 100 head of cattle . 
 after talking a couple of minutes , the men agreed that the tracks were obviously less than three weeks old based on recent storms . 
 mandy then showed them the two places where she had seen jason snooping around . 
 adding all the facts together , they agreed with mandy that it appeared that someone was stealing their cattle , and jason was probably involved in the theft . 
 on the way back to the sheriff 's office , they stopped at the sheriff 's shooting range . 
 the deputy had been asking questions and filling in the permit forms while they travelled . 
 by the time they entered the shooting range parking lot , the permit forms were completed . 
 mandy signed the forms , and they signed as witnesses . 
 the sheriff asked the supervisor of the range to give mandy the standard test for carrying a gun . 
 since mandy did n't have a gun , sheriff larson loaned her his gun to use . 
 first she had to demonstrate how to load , unload , handle , carry , clean and store weapons . 
 having been around guns since a young child , mandy easily passed that part of the test . 
 next , they went out to the shooting range . 
 the examiner explained that she would be required to fire twenty shots at two targets at different distances . 
 to pass the test , she would need to score at least sixteen shots inside the inner two target rings . 
 mandy looked carefully at the sheriff 's gun and asked , `` does this gun aim a little off to the right ? '' 
 the sheriff laughed , `` yes , that 's very observant of you . '' 
 mandy steadied herself , spread her feet shoulder width apart , and took careful aim . 
 she fired the first shot and asked how it scored . 
 she adjusted her aim and fired again . 
 she was inside the center ring of the target . 
 then she fired eight more bullets in quick succession . 
 the next target was about ten yards farther away . 
 she repeated the process and completed the test . 
 when the supervisor brought the targets up , he showed there were eight clearly in the smallest center target zone and ten in the second ring . 
 the other two were clearly in the next larger target circle . 
 `` that 's really fine shooting . 
 that 's better than some of your deputies , '' he said with a smile . 
 `` sheriff , maybe you ought to offer her a job . '' 
 the men laughed , but mandy said , `` no thanks . 
 i do n't want a job , just a permit ! '' 
 on the way to the sheriff 's office , sheriff larson said , `` it 's possible for me to authorize a gun purchase without the waiting period if there are extenuating circumstances . 
 i think this situation with the rustlers and the threats from jason would easily qualify you for an early purchase . 
 i 've filled out and signed the release form . 
 when we get back to my office , my clerk will notarize it . 
 then you can go and buy your gun . 
 to keep this more confidential , i 'd suggest you buy the gun here in ventana at the westin gun center , instead of at the local store in loomis , '' he advised . 
 mandy shook hands with the sheriff and his deputy and thanked them for all of their help . 
 `` i have hired max brown , a senior at the ag center , to secretly camp out by the loading dock at night . 
 if he sees the truck pull into the loading area , he will call me on my cell phone . 
 would it be all right if i call you so , hopefully , you can arrive while they are still there , and we can catch them in the act . 
 to make sure we have enough proof that cattle theft is the reason for their being there , wait until you see a bright flash of light . 
 that signal will mean they have loaded some of our cattle on their truck . 
 then you can rush in and arrest them . '' 
 `` that sounds like a good plan . 
 we 'll be waiting for your call . 
 i hope we can catch those rats before they can steal more cattle from you or anyone else . 
 just be careful , mandy . 
 they can be very dangerous if they find out you are suspicious , '' sheriff larson cautioned . 
 `` i understand that only too well . 
 i 'll be very careful and will let you know if anything else happens , '' mandy said before getting into her old car and driving away mandy patted her shirt pocket as she drove out of the sheriff 's parking lot . 
 knowing she had sheriff larson and deputy blake 's private emergency cell phone numbers gave her a sense of confidence . 
 not only did they believe her story , they thought her plan was so well thought out that they agreed to follow the plan to sneak up to the truck and wait for the signal . 
 mandy left the sheriff 's complex and drove directly to the gun shop that was located in a large strip mall in ventana . 
 the store was large and nearly empty . 
 cautiously , mandy looked around . 
 there were only two other people , a middle aged man and woman , looking at hunting rifles . 
 mandy saw a salesman about robert 's age standing behind the glass case near the cash register . 
 she went over and began looking at the guns in a large glass case . 
 the salesman came over and asked , `` what can i help you with today ? '' 
 mandy answered , `` i want to buy two guns , a holster and two boxes of bullets for each . '' 
 `` did you know that there is a ten day waiting period for gun purchases in this state ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , but i have a written waiver from sheriff larson because i need to purchase them sooner than that , '' she responded . 
 `` i have all the necessary papers and permits right here . '' 
 `` then you 're all set . 
 do you know what you want to buy ? '' 
 he asked . 
 mandy pointed to three guns in the first case . 
 when he brought them out , she carefully examined them . 
 she held each one in turn in her hand , feeling their weight and how well they fit her grip . 
 she asked questions and thoughtfully compared the guns before choosing a small 9 mm revolver . 
 `` i like the size and feel of this one , '' she said . 
 next she moved to a case that held larger caliber weapons . 
 she chose four different guns to examine . 
 again , she carefully checked their feel and examined them thoroughly . 
 `` this is like the gun i used to shoot with my father . 
 this should serve my purpose . 
 i 'll take both of these guns . 
 now i 'd like two boxes of ammunition and holsters for each . '' 
 after she made her purchases , she locked the guns in the trunk of her car and headed to the hospital . 
 mandy pulled into the parking lot at the regional medical center . 
 she parked and walked quickly into the hospital entrance . 
 she checked to see if buddy was still in the same room after his surgery . 
 she took the elevator to the fifth floor and walked along the hallway until she found room 505 . 
 mandy quietly walked inside the room . 
 she barely recognized buddy lying in the hospital bed . 
 he had tubes and iv 's fastened to his body . 
 his face was very pale , bruised , and badly swollen . 
 she looked down at the outline of the stiff , bulky looking body cast that surrounded him from his shoulders to his hips . 
 he had an oxygen mask covering his nose area . 
 mandy slid a chair over to his bedside . 
 she gently touched his hand . 
 she leaned over and carefully kissed his parched looking lips . 
 she sat down and silently prayed that he would completely recover soon . 
 when a nurse came in later , she asked , `` how is he doing today ? '' 
 `` so far , so good . 
 his vital signs are steady , and he does n't have a fever . 
 the danger of infection is always high after extensive surgery like he had when he was first admitted , '' she answered quietly . 
 `` since he is still under sedation , you 'd probably be more comfortable in the waiting room . '' 
 `` may i please just stay here with him ? 
 i promise , i wo n't get in the way . 
 i just want to be here when he wakes up , '' mandy said . 
 `` of course . 
 just ring the bell if you see any change , '' she added . 
 mandy called robert and madge and told them that buddy was still asleep . 
 `` he seems to be doing all right considering the extent of his injuries . 
 he 's still asleep so there is no hurry to get down here . 
 i 'm going to stay here and wait in case he wakes up . 
 i 'll call you if there is any change , '' she promised . 
 madge said , `` thanks . 
 we 'll come over after supper , or sooner if you need us there . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 try to get some rest . 
 if you are like me , i had trouble getting to sleep . 
 the house seemed so empty , and i did n't fall asleep until very late . 
 there 's no rush . 
 he is still being sedated , '' mandy assured them . 
 except for using the rest room or going to get a cup of coffee from the cafeteria , mandy hovered by his bedside . 
 she watched him sleep , longing for him to open his eyes . 
 she looked at his body cast and realized how hard being confined to bed in it was going to be on him . 
 he was always active and rarely ever just sat around . 
 she remembered dr. owens pessimistic words about his possible paralysis . 
 she dreaded his reaction when he heard how serious and permanent his injuries might be . 
 she was afraid the thought of paralysis would be too much for him to cope with . 
 her heart ached when she thought about the long days of confinement he would have to endure before they would know whether he would be able to walk again . 
 about six o’clock , dr. owens entered the room . 
 he scanned the chart , looked at the readings on the monitors , and made a few notes . 
 `` how is he doing today ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` he seems to be doing fine . 
 we started cutting back on his sedation this morning . 
 we are hoping he will wake up by this evening . 
 the ct scan today shows the bleeding in his brain has stopped . 
 in the next few days , his body should re-absorb it . 
 that 's very good news . 
 his heart is strong and steady . 
 so far he is still stable . 
 in a way , being completely sedated is the ideal state for this type of injury . 
 this will be a long , uncomfortable convalescence for him , but we want him to wake up enough so we can assess his mental function and nervous system . 
 after that exam , we can adjust the pain medication to help him be more comfortable . 
 in the meantime , all we can do is wait . '' 
 mandy continued sitting by his side gently stroking his hand and talking quietly to him . 
 she stopped when she heard a low moaning sound . 
 she signaled the nurse . 
 when the nurse came to check his monitors , she said , `` it looks like he 's in some pain now , and he is trying to wake up . 
 as soon as he does , let me know . '' 
 mandy got a small towel and wet it . 
 she gently wiped his face . 
 she bent down and lightly kissed his lips . 
 she whispered to him , `` i 'm here , buddy . 
 i love you . 
 you 're going to be all right . '' 
 she heard the low moan again . 
 she noticed his eyelids were twitching . 
 she called his name , `` buddy , please open your eyes . '' 
 his eyes twitched again and then slowly opened . 
 mandy stood up so he could see her face better . 
 his eyelids closed then opened again . 
 this time , they seemed to focus in on her . 
 she rang for the nurse . 
 while she waited , she said , `` buddy , i 'm so glad you 're awake now . 
 you had a bad accident , and you 're in the hospital . 
 do n't try to move . 
 we 'll get through this together . 
 you 'll be okay , '' she reassured him . 
 the nurse came in again , checked the monitors , and hurried out . 
 a few minutes later , dr. owens rushed in and began assessing buddy 's mental condition . 
 he looked into his eyes , checking his pupil 's reaction to light . 
 he asked buddy some questions . 
 buddy was very confused . 
 he was n't sure where he was , and he did n't remember what had happened to him . 
 the doctor checked to see if he understood and could follow simple instructions . 
 he could hold up three fingers , say his name , and grip the doctor 's hand . 
 he could feel some sensation when the doctor scraped the bottom of his right foot , but he did n't seem to feel anything else below the hip level . 
 when asked where he was hurting , buddy answered , `` my back and my head . '' 
 the doctor wrote further notes in the chart for stronger pain medication to keep him comfortable . 
 then he left . 
 about an hour later , robert and madge walked into the room . 
 seeing that buddy was awake , madge hurried over and gave him a kiss on his forehead . 
 robert came over and smiled down at buddy . 
 `` you really took a tumble , son . 
 it 's good to see you awake . 
 you 've been asleep nearly two days . 
 how do you feel ? '' 
 buddy was still groggy , but he answered , `` i feel weird . 
 i feel like i 'm tied down and ca n't move . 
 i 'm aching in places i did n't know could ache . 
 i want to sit up or turn over , but i ca n't . 
 what happened to me ? '' 
 robert explained , `` we were out counting the cattle when that crazy old bull took off . 
 you spurred buck and raced to catch him . 
 he spun and charged at you and buck . 
 buck jumped and spun out of the way . 
 you lost your balance and you flew off ! 
 you twisted in the air and landed very hard . 
 you have some broken bones , bruises , and a concussion . 
 you 've already had surgery on your back . 
 in a few days , you 'll go back in to have your broken femur and hip repaired . 
 the reason you ca n't move is they had to put you in a full body cast . 
 you just need to rest and get well . '' 
 mandy felt relieved that robert had not mentioned the possibility of paralysis . 
 there was no use worrying him about that possibility now . 
 once he was better and they knew more , they would tell him . 
 until then , they agreed to keep the pessimistic prognosis to themselves . 
 mandy gently stroked his head . 
 `` is there anything you want or need ? 
 are you having a lot of pain ? 
 they can give you more pain medication ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` not right now . 
 i hurt , but not too much . 
 i ca n't think of anything i need now , except you and to go home . 
 dad , how are we going to get along with me laid up like this ? 
 you know this is a very busy time on the ranch . 
 you ca n't do all the work by yourself , '' buddy said . 
 `` do n't worry about that , buddy ! 
 mandy saved the day . 
 she got a young man from the college to help us out part time . 
 between him and the family , we can get along until you are well . '' 
 `` what 's he like ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` bill is a junior . 
 he was raised on a ranch so he is familiar with ranch work . 
 he seems like a hard worker . 
 he put in several hours hard work this morning . 
 i 'm impressed with the way he works and thinks thing through . 
 i think we 'll be fine with his help . 
 i think you 'd like him . 
 another great thing is he is earning job experience credit at college so we do n't have to pay for his help . 
 do n't worry about the ranch . 
 your job right now is to rest and get well , '' after robert and madge left for home , mandy asked , `` are you having more pain ? 
 would you like a drink or anything else ? '' 
 `` i 'm hurting more now . 
 i think i 'll need some more pain medicine so i can sleep . 
 a drink of water would be good , too , '' buddy answered . 
 mandy told the nurse , and she added more pain medication to his iv . 
 mandy got a glass of cold water and a straw . 
 with buddy flat on his back in the cast , mandy found she could n't give him a drink with a straw without spilling most of the water on his chest . 
 she found a spoon and began ladling the water into his mouth until he was satisfied . 
 buddy watched her as she moved around the room and said sadly , `` i sure messed things up . 
 i 'm sorry , honey . 
 i love you . '' 
 `` i love you , too . 
 do n't apologize or feel guilty about this . 
 it was an accident . 
 you did n't do anything wrong . 
 just concentrate on getting well . 
 i 'm just so happy that you are awake and talking to me . 
 when you hit the ground so hard , i was terrified that you were dead . 
 you are alive ! 
 that 's all that is important . 
 with god 's help , we 'll get through this together , '' mandy reassured him . 
 when mandy was getting ready to leave for the night , she leaned over to kiss him . 
 buddy noticed a small bruised spot near her chin . 
 `` what happened to your chin ? 
 did you get hurt , too ? '' 
 he asked . 
 mandy hesitated unsure what to say for a moment , then she answered the way she had in montana , `` oh , i slipped and bumped into something . 
 sometimes when i get in a hurry , i move too fast and bump into things . '' 
 `` please , be careful , honey . 
 you know i do n't ever want you to get hurt , '' buddy said . 
 `` i will be more careful , '' she promised truthfully as she thought about jason and the rustlers . 
 buddy insisted that mandy go home because it was after nine o’clock . 
 she kissed him tenderly and drove home . 
 after she parked near her house , she carried the guns inside . 
 she put the large gun in the closet and loaded the 9 mm gun . 
 she slipped it in her jacket pocket . 
 the feel of its weight gave her a sense of safety . 
 when mandy washed her face , she noticed the bruise on her chin . 
 it reminded her of jason 's arrogant boasting and his cowardly behavior . 
 she remembered with horror the feel of his hands and the nearness of his mouth . 
 she felt guilty about lying to buddy and for keeping secrets from robert and madge . 
 `` i hope they will understand and forgive my lying when the truth finally comes out . 
 please , god , put a hedge of protection around me and buddy , and all of my family . 
 protect me from jason , but most important , please heal buddy 's body and bring him home strong and well , '' she prayed fervently . 
 at 10 pm , she hurried to the corral next to the barn and looked around . 
 in a few minutes , she saw a movement in the dark shadows behind the barn . 
 she put her hand on her gun as she watched a tall figure moving towards her . 
 with a sigh of relief , she recognized max . 
 he approached her leading his black mare . 
 he was dressed in black clothes , and she saw he was wearing a gun . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you got here all right , max . 
 i talked to the sheriff and he is aware of the problem . 
 i do n't want you taking any chances , but i 'm glad to see you are armed . 
 i do n't want you to get hurt , but these guys can be dangerous . 
 here is a cell phone in case you see anything . 
 no matter what time , call me . 
 i programmed my number in your contact list . 
 do n't try to be a hero . 
 when you call me , i will contact sheriff larson , and he and his deputies will come and make the arrest , '' mandy said . 
 `` i promise i wo n't be a ` hero ' , but i did n't want to be a sitting duck either . 
 i 'll keep watch and report anything i see or hear to you . 
 you look exhausted . 
 go on inside and get some rest . 
 i 'll take care of things out here for you , '' max said . 
 `` thanks again for helping . 
 now that i know you are watching the ranch at night , i can relax and sleep better . 
 be careful . 
 i do n't want anyone to get hurt , '' mandy said as he mounted and rode quietly out into the darkness of the night . 
 early the next morning , mandy drove to the hospital so she could see buddy before he went into the operating room to get his hip relocated and his femur repaired . 
 buddy was already groggy from the anesthesia when she walked into his room . 
 he smiled and watched her walk over to his bed . 
 she kissed him tenderly . 
 `` i wanted to see you before your surgery . 
 i 'll be here in the waiting room praying for you all during the surgery . 
 the ladies group at church is having a special prayer meeting this morning to pray for your quick recovery . 
 i know your mom and dad will be praying , too . 
 many people are praying for you . 
 i 'll see when you get into the recovery room . 
 i love you , buddy , '' she said with a quick kiss as he was being wheeled out . 
 while mandy sat in the waiting room , pastor martin walked in and sat beside her . 
 he took her hand and quietly prayed with her for god to bless and lead the surgeon 's hands and for buddy to recover completely . 
 he waited with her for a while . 
 mandy thanked him for coming and assured him she would be fine waiting alone . 
 he squeezed her hand and left . 
 the surgery took two hours longer than anticipated because the surgeons had to be so careful to not disturb the recent spinal repair . 
 the body cast also made replacing the hip into its socket a much more difficult procedure . 
 after working on the dislocated hip , the orthopedic surgeon inserted a metal rod into his broken femur and secured it with metal screws . 
 when the surgeons came out , they told mandy that everything seemed to have gone very well . 
 when buddy opened his eyes in the recovery room , the first thing he saw was mandy smiling down at him . 
 `` the doctors said everything went very well . 
 it will take time to heal , but you are one huge step closer to getting well . '' 
 by the end of a week after buddy 's accident , mandy had established a daily routine . 
 she got up early , had breakfast with the family , and helped with morning chores wherever she was most needed . 
 then she hurried inside her house , cleaned up , and drove to the hospital to help feed buddy his lunch tray . 
 because of the body cast , he could not cut the food or feed himself . 
 after lunch , mandy sat beside buddy . 
 she read to him , talked with him , played music he liked on a small cd player she brought from home , or she sat quietly and held his hand . 
 she tried to entertain him to help him pass the long , tedious hours of his enforced confinement . 
 when the afternoon supper tray was delivered , she fed him his dinner . 
 next she helped him get ready to sleep . 
 because she saw how much it embarrassed him to need help doing such personal things , she took over the job of washing his face , hands , and body . 
 the nurses showed her how to change his colostomy bag and replace his catheter . 
 she took over those tasks under their supervision . 
 she finished by giving him a light sponge bath . 
 the last thing she always did was to give him a drink , adjust his pillow and bedding and kiss him good night . 
 most nights he seemed so sad to see her leave , she wished she could stay with him all night . 
 she hated not having him at home with her . 
 finally , she drove home and parked by her house . 
 the last thing before getting into bed , she walked to the barn to meet with max before he rode out to watch the loading dock . 
 they talked briefly , exchanging anything he had observed . 
 two times max reported he had seen the black pickup , but there had been no sign of a cattle truck . 
 after that , mandy went to her house and climbed in bed exhausted . 
 at the end of the third week in the hospital , buddy went for another ct scan of his back and hip . 
 before mandy arrived that day , dr. owen came in after he had examined the results of the scan and x-rays . 
 he sat down by buddy 's bed and began talking to him . 
 `` it looks like your back is healing normally . 
 you have no fever or sign of infection in that area . 
 you appear to be doing even better than we expected , but it is still much too soon to know if there has been permanent damage to your spinal cord . 
 after your body heals more , and we remove the body cast , we can begin assessing whether you 'll be able to walk again , '' he explained . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 buddy asked quickly . 
 `` in your fall , you damaged your spine and fractured the first three lumbar vertebrae . 
 we operated the first time to stabilize that area to try to protect the spinal cord from further injury , but we ca n't determine with ct scans or other tests if the spinal cord was just bruised , crushed , or severed . 
 if it is just bruised , you have a good chance of walking normally . 
 if it is partially crushed , it may have interrupted or interfered with some nerve connections , and you may have limited standing and walking . 
 if the cord has been severed , you will be permanently paralyzed from the waist down and you will never be able to stand or walk . 
 only time will tell how your body will react to this injury , '' dr. owens explained . 
 the news stunned buddy and he began shutting down in shock . 
 about an hour later , mandy walked into buddy 's room . 
 buddy glanced at her then turned his head and looked at the tv set . 
 `` how are you feeling today ? '' 
 she asked cheerfully . 
 buddy ignored her question . 
 `` dr. owens was here to see me today . 
 he told me i may never be able to walk again . 
 i may be paralyzed from the waist down . 
 did you know about that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` he told us the first day that it might happen , '' mandy answered quietly . 
 `` when were you going to tell me ? 
 why did n't you tell me about this ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` we did n't want you to be upset and worry about something that may never happen . 
 your parents and i wanted to wait until later to tell you if and when it happened . 
 we are praying and believing that god will heal you , and you 'll be fine , '' mandy answered slowly . 
 `` do you think i 'm a baby or a child that has to be protected ? 
 do you think i am so stupid or weak that i wo n't understand or be able to face the truth ? 
 how can i trust you when you hide things from me ? 
 what else are n't you telling me ? '' 
 he lashed out angrily . 
 `` we did n't think any of those things . 
 we were doing what we thought was best for your recovery . 
 we were afraid you 'd be upset , and it would keep you from resting and healing as fast . 
 we do n't think you 're a child , stupid or weak . 
 we did n't tell you because we love you , '' mandy responded . 
 `` do n't ever try to fool me or treat me like a baby or lie to me . 
 i 'm going to be a cripple -- totally helpless and useless to mom , dad , and especially useless to you , '' buddy growled bitterly . 
 `` buddy , please calm down ! 
 i 'm sorry you feel like that . 
 only god knows what will happen in the future . 
 i know i do n't know the future , but i do know that i love you with all my heart ! 
 we all love you . 
 we would never do anything intentionally to hurt you or upset you . 
 i love you now ; i always will . 
 that 's the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . 
 i know there are things i have n't told you about . 
 i will in time . 
 i hoped you would trust me and my love for you . 
 until that happens , all i can promise is to love you and to do what i think is best for you and for everyone who loves you . 
 i 'm doing the very best that i can to help you . 
 i understand you feel hurt and why you are angry . 
 i hope someday you will understand and forgive me . 
 i love you so much my heart aches when i see you hurting like this . '' 
 mandy moved closer to buddy 's side . 
 when she bent down to kiss him , buddy turned his face toward the wall . 
 mandy saw what he did , and she felt like she 'd been slapped in the face . 
 her eyes filled with tears , and she turned away so he could n't see the pain in her eyes . 
 `` i know you 're scared and upset . 
 you are angry and worried . 
 just do n't give up on yourself or on us . 
 we can get through this together . 
 just remember , we are married , and i love you with all my heart . '' 
 mandy said in a strained , controlled voice . 
 when buddy remained silent , she grabbed her purse , and walked out of the room . 
 mandy wandered down the hallway until she reached the cafeteria . 
 she bought a cup of coffee and sat down by the window . 
 she grabbed a handful of paper napkins and wiped the tears off her face . 
 she slowly sipped the coffee and tried to forget the awful feeling of rejection when buddy turned away from her and stared at the wall . 
 she felt isolated and alone again . 
 outside the sun was shining . 
 mandy sighed , took her coffee cup and walked out into the enclosed patio . 
 she dumped the tepid coffee and walked along the pathway until she found a secluded cement bench surrounded by tall flowering oleander shrubs . 
 she sank down on the bench , closed her eyes , and fought to keep the tears from pouring out . 
 in spite of her determination , tears rolled down her cheeks , splashing like raindrops onto her blouse . 
 silently she began to pray and recite some bible verses that came into her mind . 
 `` let not your heart be troubled '' other verses came from her memory . 
 she clung to them and gradually began to feel calmer . 
 she felt the hurt and gloom inside her begin lifting like the morning fog in the redwood forest along the california coast . 
 after a few more minutes , her tears dried up , and she felt calm enough to go back to face buddy again . 
 `` love is patient and forgiving . 
 it does n't hold grudges or keep a record of wrongs '' and other bits and pieces of 1 corinthians 13 flashed into her mind . 
 mandy walked into the restroom , scrubbed her face , repaired her makeup , and walked back to the cafeteria . 
 she bought a cup of coffee for buddy , added a little cream and sugar to it , and walked back to his room . 
 she looked at her watch and was surprised to see it had been nearly two hours since she had walked out of his room . 
 she immediately noticed buddy 's face was turned towards the doorway . 
 mandy walked in and said cheerfully , `` i brought you some coffee fixed the way you like it . 
 i thought you might enjoy having something hot to drink . 
 it is n't as good as madge makes , but it is warm and refreshing . '' 
 she got a spoon from the drawer and walked over to his bed . 
 he did n't say anything , but when she began spooning it into his mouth , he drank it . 
 mandy had to look away when she saw his eyes were red and tears had dried on his face . 
 she put the coffee down , got a wet towel , and gently washed his face . 
 buddy looked up at her and whispered brokenly , `` i was n't sure if you were coming back . 
 i 'm sorry i lashed out at you . 
 i was so shocked by what dr. owens told me . 
 i 'm scared , mandy , more frightened than i have ever been in my life . 
 i do n't know how i will survive if i am paralyzed . 
 all i could think about was you and us . 
 how can i live without you , but how can i let you stay and sacrifice your life taking care of a cripple ? 
 i ca n't stand the thought of either . 
 i 'm sorry , honey . 
 can you forgive me ? '' 
 mandy leaned over and stroked his hair , brushing it off his face . 
 she leaned down and kissed his forehead , his cheeks , and his trembling lips . 
 `` of course , i forgive you . 
 i 'm sorry you found this out in such a cold , shocking way . 
 we were really trying to keep you from worrying . 
 i think we refused to tell you , as if just saying it might make it come true . 
 we are all praying , and we really believe that god will heal you . 
 please , do n't give up hope . 
 look how god brought us together . 
 that was a miracle . 
 i believe your total recovery will also be a miracle . 
 trust in god , buddy , and do n't give up , '' mandy begged . 
 while mandy sat by his bed , holding his hand in hers , she talked softly to him . 
 `` buddy , no matter what happens , you are my husband , the one true love of my life , and i will never leave you . 
 when we got married , i promised before god that i would be your wife in sickness and in health , for richer and for poorer for the rest of my life . 
 buddy , you are stuck with me . 
 i made that promise and i intend to keep it , because we are one now and forever . '' 
 `` but what if i ca n't walk again ? 
 how could i ever be a real husband for you ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` always remember this , buddy . 
 i did n't fall in love with your legs . 
 i love all of you -- your smile , your gentle caring nature , your honesty , your funny sense of humor , and the delicious feel and taste of your lips when you kiss me . 
 i refuse to let you push me away . 
 my fervent prayer is that god will restore your health and strength , but not for my sake . 
 i just want you to be happy and whole again . 
 until that happens , just trust in our love . 
 it will see us through this and everything else , '' mandy whispered softly in his ear . 
 then she turned her face towards his mouth and kissed him tenderly . 
 a few minutes later , after a nurse brought in his dinner tray , mandy carefully fed buddy his supper . 
 mandy was n't sure what it was supposed to be . 
 it looked awful , not like anything she or madge would serve . 
 `` i wish buddy was home with us . 
 good home cooking and less interruptions and somberness would be a much better place for him to heal , '' mandy thought , and a crazy idea formed in her brain . 
 mandy remained with him after dinner until he dozed off when she left his room , mandy told the nurse how upset buddy had been after learning he might be paralyzed . 
 the nurse promised to keep an eye on him . 
 `` if he gets too upset , i have the doctor 's permission to give more pain medication . 
 you need to go home and rest . 
 you look exhausted . 
 now that he knows about possible paralysis , he 's going to need your strength and courage more than before . 
 if you get too worn down , you wo n't be able to help him as much , '' she added . 
 on the drive home , mandy kept remembering his words , `` what else have n't you told me ? 
 how can i trust you when you do n't tell me the truth ? '' 
 mandy thought about the growing list of things she had not been totally truthful about : her financial condition , her problem with jason and his attempt to rape her , the cattle rustlers , the plan she had with the sheriff , buying guns , and about hiring two men from the college . 
 `` how can i tell him about any of these things now when he is already so stressed and ca n't do anything to help ? 
 i pray he and robert and madge will forgive me when this is finally over , and i can tell everyone the whole truth . 
 will they ever trust me or believe me again ? '' 
 mandy worried as she parked at her house . 
 chapter 13 when mandy got out of the car , she saw robert and madge standing by the barn . 
 she walked over toward them . 
 while she walked up behind them , she overheard them talking in a very serious tone . 
 it was already well past their normal bedtime . 
 when they saw her approaching , they stopped talking . 
 mandy hugged them and told them that buddy had learned he might be paralyzed and that he was really upset by it . 
 she told them that he had been angry and thought they had not been honest with him , but that he did n't still seem upset and angry any more . 
 she started to leave , but stopped and asked , `` are you two all right ? 
 i have n't seen you up this late before . 
 you seem to be very worried . 
 is there something wrong ? 
 is it news about buddy ? '' 
 madge said , `` well , it 's partly about buddy . 
 we talked to our insurance agent , and he said our ranch 's insurance policy will only cover about $ 10,000 of buddy 's medical expenses . 
 we 've been having financial problems for the last two years . 
 we 're just too stubborn to give up . 
 we thought , if we can get through this year with a good cattle sale , we might break even . 
 last year , we had a really bad time financially , and we took on a small second on the property and lowered our property insurance coverage . 
 we cancelled our personal medical insurance to save money . 
 buddy , being so young , healthy , and stubborn , never did carry medical insurance for himself . '' 
 `` we were just trying to think of ways to get enough money to pay for all the medical bills so we can get the best treatment for him . 
 he 's going to need a lot of down time and extensive physical therapy to get him back on his feet . 
 we are trying to figure out a way besides taking out a larger second mortgage on the ranch , '' robert added . 
 `` with the economy the way it is now and our financial condition , we might not be able to raise enough money even if we sell the whole ranch . '' 
 `` please , do n't do anything that will put the ranch in jeopardy . 
 let 's wait and see how it goes for a while longer . 
 i have some ideas . 
 i know some people who work with problems like these . 
 let me check this out . 
 we may find a better solution . 
 i 'm sure we can find another way besides taking out a larger second mortgage or selling the ranch , '' mandy urged them . 
 madge hugged her close . 
 `` thanks ! 
 we 're just talking about possibilities right now . 
 we do n't want to do either one , but getting the best care for buddy is our first priority . 
 the ranch and everything else comes second to that . 
 everything else can be replaced , but buddy ca n't , '' madge said . 
 before heading to her house , mandy told them that the nurse was giving buddy stronger pain medication and that he would probably not be awake for visitors until late the next afternoon . 
 madge and robert hugged her again and headed inside to go to sleep . 
 mandy got the guns out of the closet . 
 she cleaned them and loaded them carefully . 
 she strapped on the large pistol , and then hid the smaller gun in the bedroom closet again . 
 she looked at the clock and rushed out to the barn . 
 behind the barn , she saw a tall shadowy shape moving around the corner . 
 she froze and watched it come towards her . 
 she put her hand on her gun and waited . 
 suddenly she realized it was max . 
 he had apparently been hiding and waiting for robert and madge to go inside . 
 she walked over to him and gave him a quick hug . 
 `` thanks for waiting for me . 
 anything to report ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i see you 're wearing a gun . 
 glad to see you are being more careful . 
 nothing to report tonight . 
 neither bill nor i saw anything suspicious , but i 'm not giving up . 
 i still think you are right . 
 when they show up , we 'll catch them , '' max added solemnly . 
 the next morning , mandy got up and joined the others for breakfast . 
 since buddy would still be asleep , mandy decided to stay home and take care of some personal business . 
 robert was more cheerful than usual at breakfast . 
 he said , `` mandy , thanks for getting bill to work for us . 
 he is a very hard worker , and he already knows how to do all of the jobs we do on the ranch . 
 he has been a great help to me . 
 he has told me some of the new things he 's learned in his classes . 
 some of them might help us save money and get better results in the future . 
 he has a lot of energy , and i know we are going to be okay until buddy gets well . '' 
 `` that 's great news . 
 i was impressed by him when i met him at the college . 
 if he is that good , we may want to think about keeping him on after buddy comes home . 
 maybe he can show us some new ways of doing things . 
 it never hurts to keep learning , '' mandy responded . 
 `` if we can afford it , i 'd like to keep him working here , too . 
 you mentioned a second college student that might help . 
 bill is doing such a good job , i do n't think we need anyone else right now , '' robert said . 
 mandy answered , `` i think you 're right , but it is nice to have other options . '' 
 when mandy got ready for bed that night , she thought , `` here i go again . 
 that 's another lie to add to the half-truths and lies on my conscience already . 
 have i become a compulsive , pathological liar ? 
 i should have just told robert that i had hired max , too ; but , then , i 'd have to tell him about the rustlers and jason , too . 
 how can i tell them i 'll pay all of buddy 's medical bills , when they are just as proud and independent as he is ? 
 they think i do n't have any money . 
 ` please god , help me find a way to help everyone and not lose their respect , love , or trust '' ' mandy slept restlessly all night . 
 so many fragments of memories bombarded her mind . 
 when she awoke in the morning , mandy still felt tired , but determined to solve at least one problem before the day was over . 
 after breakfast and helping with the chores , mandy hurried back to her house . 
 she dialed an all-too-familiar phone number in montana . 
 she waited impatiently while the phone rang . 
 when she heard bob wilson 's familiar voice , she relaxed and sat down . 
 she remembered after the death of her husband and stepchildren how hard it had been to concentrate on anything . 
 she was totally unsure what had to be done then . 
 her pastor recommended she should talk to bob wilson who was an honest , caring christian attorney . 
 mandy had met with him and hired him to take care of all the legal and financial matters for her . 
 he kept her informed and always took time to explain everything so she could understand what was happening . 
 besides funeral arrangements , there was the settling of the will , dealing with the insurance companies , and negotiating with the attorneys for the utility company whose driver had been found partially responsible for causing the accident . 
 over the months after the accident , bob wilson had proved to be a good attorney and a true friend . 
 after leaving montana , mandy had only talked to bob a few times . 
 he was still working with the real estate agent who was handling the sale of the ranch , and was still trying to negotiate settlements with the utility company and the driver of the pickup truck that had hit jerry 's overturned car . 
 the life insurance companies were dragging their feet and trying to get out of paying off the benefits on the life insurance policies that covered jerry and his two children . 
 she had developed a sense of trust with bob , and she was thankful for all of the painful , confusing details he had taken care of for her . 
 `` hello , bob . 
 this is mandy . 
 i 'm calling with a few questions . 
 first , has anyone made an offer on the ranch property ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well , we did have one offer from your ex-in-laws . 
 they offered $ 3,700,000 , but the land is worth over four million . 
 i can fax the details of their offer , if you are interested in considering it , '' he answered . 
 `` let them buy it for their offer amount . 
 that land means more to them than it ever would to me . 
 i know they treated me badly , but i really feel sorry for them . 
 they lost their only son and their only grandchildren . 
 i do n't hate them . 
 maybe getting the ranch land back will help them heal faster . 
 i hope so . 
 just send me the papers that i need to sign . 
 i will be glad to finally break all connections with them , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll let them know you 've accepted their offer . 
 i 'll send the papers for you to sign as soon as the real estate agent gets them signed and back to me . 
 how are you doing now ? 
 last time we talked , you were travelling around the country . 
 are you still moving around , or have you found that place to belong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm doing fine now . 
 i did find that perfect place to settle down . 
 i 've never been happier than i have since i 've been back in my old stomping grounds . 
 that 's partially why i called you today . 
 i want to find out how much money i have in the bank now , '' she said . 
 `` i just got bank statements last week , so i can give you a fairly accurate answer . 
 all of the court cases have finally been settled . 
 the utility company 's driver was found to be responsible , in part , for causing the accident . 
 they agreed to settle before going to trial and pay $ 485,000 plus your attorney fees . 
 jerry 's life insurance policy and the policies on the two children have paid the full face value of $ 320,000 each . 
 after taxes and legal fees , you should have a little over $ 1,450,000 in the bank right now . 
 add to that the profit from the sale of the ranch and you should have about $ 4,250,000 in all , '' bob reported . 
 `` i ca n't believe it ! 
 i had no idea it would be anywhere that much ! '' 
 mandy gasped . 
 `` we have deposited all the money we have received so far in an interest bearing savings accounts . 
 we 've been investigating possible investment plans for you to consider , '' he added . 
 `` hold off on other investment plans for right now . 
 there is some property here that i may want to invest in . 
 i 'm going to open a bank account here , and i want you to transfer $ 350,000 to my new account as soon as you get the paperwork . 
 i 'll send you my new address , the bank account paperwork , and account numbers later this week . 
 by the way , i got married in the middle of july . 
 my new name is amanda turner . 
 it was rather sudden , but i did n't think i 'd ever be this happy in my life . 
 i ca n't begin to thank you enough for all you 've done to help me through this terrible mess . 
 if , or when , i decide to invest the rest of the money , i will contact you , '' mandy added before hanging up the phone . 
 mandy sat there in stunned silence by the amount of money she learned that she had in the bank . 
 she decided her next stop should be opening her new bank account . 
 after finishing up a few quick chores around her house , she got into her car and drove to ventana . 
 she went to the post office and rented a post office box . 
 at the bank in ventana , she filled out the documents to open a checking and savings account . 
 she had the bank fax the information to bob wilson 's office in montana . 
 finally she instructed the bank and bob wilson 's office to send all correspondence to her new post office box address . 
 it was a little after two o’clock when she pulled into the parking lot at the regional medical center . 
 she got out of the car and hurried into the main building . 
 she asked to speak to the person in charge of medical billing . 
 she was shown into the office of hilda bronson , the finance department manager . 
 mandy explained that her husband , buddy turner , was in the hospital now and that he did n't have medical insurance . 
 mandy explained that she would personally be paying for all his treatment costs . 
 she asked that all correspondence , bills , and statements be sent to her new post office box address . 
 mandy explained , `` i do n't want anyone to know who has been paying the bills . 
 i 'm hoping you will keep this a secret . 
 if anyone asks about the costs of treatment and amounts due , please just tell them that the account has been paid . 
 my husband buddy and his family are very proud people , and they do n't want ` charity ' or help , not even from me . 
 i do n't want them to feel obligated to pay me back , '' mandy explained . 
 `` i hope they just believe that insurance has paid for the charges . 
 `` how much is due now ? 
 next monday afternoon , i will bring you a check to pay for all charges he has incurred until now . '' 
 `` this is a very unusual request , but i will make a note on the ledger sheets that , if anyone calls , they are to be told that the account has been paid , '' hilda replied . 
 `` thanks so much for your understanding , ms. bronson . 
 it really means a lot to me , '' mandy said before shaking her hand and leaving the office . 
 when mandy left the business office and walked to the elevator to go to buddy 's room , she smiled to herself . 
 `` well , '' she thought , '' that 's more than one thing accomplished today , but it is also more lies or half-truths to add to my list . 
 i 'm just thankful that i have the money to get the best treatment for buddy . '' 
 when mandy walked into buddy 's room , robert and madge were already sitting by his bed . 
 she walked over and kissed buddy . 
 then she pulled a chair over to the opposite side of buddy 's bed . 
 she took his hand in hers and smiled at them . 
 `` sorry i 'm a little late ; i had a couple of errands to run , and they took more time than i expected , '' she apologized . 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 we just got here a few minutes ago . 
 buddy was just asking about the ranch , '' madge said . 
 when mandy looked at buddy 's face , she could see he was n't as cheerful as usual , but madge kept the conversation going . 
 buddy asked , `` is buck all right ? '' 
 robert answered , `` he got a little scrape on his flank , probably from that bull 's crooked horn . 
 other than that he seems fine . '' 
 `` every night before going to bed , mandy goes out and gives buck and thunder treats . 
 she 's done that every night since the accident , '' madge added . 
 buddy turned his head to see mandy better . 
 `` thanks , mandy . 
 i appreciate that . 
 the accident was n't buck 's fault . 
 thanks for taking such good care of him for me . '' 
 `` i 'm happy to do it . 
 when you come home and feel better , we can do it together , just like we used to do , '' mandy said . 
 buddy 's face clouded over , `` if i am ever well enough to go out there again , '' buddy said gloomily . 
 `` buddy , mandy told us that dr. owens told you that you might not ever walk again . 
 do n't worry about anything he said . 
 we are sure god will heal you . 
 people all over this state are praying for you to get well . 
 do n't get discouraged . 
 god is faithful , '' madge explained . 
 `` do n't blame mandy for not telling you about the possible bad outcome . 
 we encouraged her to wait until we knew more . 
 if you are angry with anyone , it should be me , '' robert said . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'm not angry or upset about that anymore . 
 after i thought about it , i realized you were thinking about what was best for me . 
 i 'm so sorry i reacted so badly , mandy . 
 i was just scared that there might be even worse things you were n't telling me about , '' buddy apologized . 
 mandy squeezed his hand and smiled down at him , `` do n't apologize . 
 that 's all said , done , and forgiven . '' 
 robert looked at his watch , stood up , and said , `` we hate leaving so early , but bill and i are planning to move the bulk of the herd in the morning . 
 i want to get a little extra shuteye . 
 that guy is a bundle of energy , and he sure does get things done fast . 
 he 's a real blessing to us right now , thanks to mandy . '' 
 after they left , mandy checked buddy 's supper tray . 
 it had barely been touched . 
 she stabbed the ` beef ' or whatever it was . 
 it was tough and looked grayish and full of gristle . 
 he had only eaten part of the pudding and half a biscuit . 
 the milk carton was empty . 
 `` are you still hungry or thirsty ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , i 'm not really hungry , but a sip of cold water would help wash away the taste of that stuff . 
 i do n't know what it 's called , but if i knew its name , i 'd never call for it again , if i had my choice , '' he quipped . 
 mandy laughed . 
 it was good to hear him joking around , but she hated that he was n't getting good tasting meals to help him build his strength . 
 after spooning the cold water into his mouth , she got busy getting him ready for bed . 
 she got a washrag and a small basin of warm water . 
 first , she washed his face , his arms , and his hands . 
 she rinsed them off and gently toweled him dry . 
 buddy watched her wistfully . 
 `` i hate having people take care of me like i 'm an overgrown baby , but i love the gentle way you touch me . 
 i miss being home with you and the rest of my family . 
 this place is crazy ! 
 they give you a pill to help you sleep ; then they wake you up a couple of times during the night to see if you are sleeping . 
 i know i 'm not a patient person , although i 'm forced to be one since all i can do is lie here . 
 i wish i could have you near me all the time . 
 i know you spend most of your awake time here with me , and i realize all you are doing to help mom and dad . 
 the long dark nights are the hardest time for me . 
 when i ca n't sleep , i just lie here and fears about the future torture me . 
 i know i should n't burden you with this . 
 you are already doing so much for us . 
 i hope someday i will be able to make this up to you . 
 i realize i ca n't do anything for myself right now . 
 i ca n't even get a drink of water without your help . 
 i ca n't get along without you , mandy . 
 i am so grateful , so thankful , for your love and for your loving care and touch , '' buddy said seriously . 
 mandy bent over the bed and kissed him deeply . 
 she touched his face and whispered , `` i 'm so thankful i can be the one to take care of you . 
 i love you so much . '' 
 mandy sat beside him until he fell asleep , and then she quietly snuck out to her car . 
 her heart skipped a beat when she saw a large black pickup truck turn onto the road behind her . 
 she felt her jacket pocket and was relieved to feel the small revolver safely tucked inside it . 
 looking back , she was relieved to see the truck was being driven by an old man , and it turned right at the next corner . 
 mandy was a few minutes later than usual when she walked into buddy 's room the next day . 
 his lunch tray had already been delivered and was sitting on the table . 
 the food was stone cold . 
 `` do n't they understand that he ca n't feed himself ? 
 what do people do who do n't have family to come and take care of them ? '' 
 she fumed . 
 mandy quickly washed buddy 's face and hands and began feeding him . 
 it was some kind of watery looking soup , a package of crackers , and a green gelatin salad . 
 buddy ate without enthusiasm . 
 `` i 'd love a piece of mom 's pot roast and vegetables ! 
 this food is awful , '' buddy sighed . 
 `` maybe i can sneak some food in tomorrow . 
 i wish you could be eating her food , too . 
 i 'm sure you 'd get stronger that way , '' mandy said . 
 `` i 'm sorry i was a little late today . 
 while i was grooming thunder , buck came over and rubbed against me . 
 buck let me brush his coat . 
 he has n't been ridden since your accident , and i do n't think he 's let anyone really groom him either . 
 i was so happy that he let me curry his coat . 
 robert suggested putting buck in a larger pasture so he might get more exercise . 
 what do you think about that ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 buddy answered , `` that sounds like a good idea , but i think he would be happier if he stayed close to thunder . 
 he 'd probably get happier exercise chasing around after her . 
 they seem to get along very well . 
 i feel so helpless lying here doing nothing when all of you are working so hard . 
 having to lie here flat on my back in this hospital room is driving me crazy , '' he griped . 
 `` i know that really bugs you . 
 i have an idea . 
 when you get home , we 'll let you do all the chores , and we 'll go on vacation . 
 would that make you feel better ? '' 
 mandy kidded . 
 buddy glared at her . 
 `` how can i help you or do chores when i come home crippled in a wheel chair or trapped in a bed ? 
 that 's no life for me , and it 's definitely not the life for you either . 
 i ca n't stand the thought of being a helpless burden on everyone , '' he growled . 
 `` only god knows our future . 
 i still believe you will get well . 
 do n't give up on our dreams . 
 all i care about right now is that you are alive and talking to me . 
 no matter what happens , we will face it together . 
 i want you to be well and healthy like you were when we met , but i did n't fall in love with you because of your legs . 
 i love you , all of you . 
 i 'd rather be with you , even the way you are right now , than to be anywhere with anyone else . 
 stop feeling sorry for me . 
 i 'm where i want to be , right here with you ! '' 
 mandy said . 
 five weeks after the accident , buddy had a new set of ct scans and x-rays . 
 dr. owens reported to buddy and mandy , `` new bone appears to be forming around the damaged vertebrae . 
 your femur looks like it is healing perfectly . 
 everything has been making excellent progress . 
 it is time to consider transferring buddy to a convalescent hospital . 
 he will need physical therapy , including manipulation of his legs to increase blood flow and to stretch his unused leg muscles . 
 being in the full body cast has undoubtedly caused his muscles to atrophy . 
 they will need to be strengthened and stretched before we can begin trying to get buddy up on his feet . 
 he will still need care 24/7 , but he no longer needs the level of medical treatment that he gets in the hospital . 
 if things continue the same way , i recommend we get him moved to another facility next week . 
 buddy asked , `` do you think i will be able to walk again ? '' 
 `` it is still too early to tell . 
 we need to see how your legs and muscles react to the physical therapy . 
 you 've made great progress so far . 
 that is remarkable considering how badly your vertebrae were fractured . 
 if you get your muscles stronger , we may see signs of spontaneous movement . 
 that is the next thing we are hoping to see happen . 
 i am more confident that you will have a positive outcome than i had when you first came out of the spinal surgery , '' dr. owens admitted happily . 
 buddy seemed more relaxed after getting a more positive report from the doctor . 
 mandy held his hand and listened to him ask where he might be sent . 
 dr. owens told them the names of three facilities in the area that would meet his needs . 
 mandy agreed to check into them and see which one had available space and would be best for buddy . 
 later on , mandy caught up with dr. owens and asked to speak to him privately . 
 they went into the waiting room and sat in one corner . 
 mandy said , `` i am wondering if there is any way that buddy could recuperate at the ranch . 
 i believe being around his family in familiar surrounding would be the best medicine he could have to get well . 
 what would we need to do to take care of him at our ranch ? '' 
 dr. owens said , `` it would be a lot of work . 
 he wo n't be able to do anything for himself . 
 he will need someone to take care of him around the clock . 
 he will be able to do a little more for himself after his body cast is removed . 
 then he will be in a sturdy back brace . 
 he would be able to sit up . 
 he would be able to move his arms so he could do some things for himself . 
 he would have to be watched carefully and monitored to make sure he does n't do too much and re-injure his back . 
 he would need physical therapy at least 3 times each week , but once each day would be even better . 
 in the beginning , a visiting nurse would need to come and check that his wounds are healing and there is no sign of infection . 
 he would need a hospital bed , wheel chair , and other medical supplies and equipment . 
 it would be very difficult to do the 24 hour care he would need by yourself . '' 
 `` between his parents , his sister , and myself , i know we could take care of his needs . 
 he has missed his sister 's children and his mom 's home cooking so much . 
 i 've talked a lot with his physical therapist , and i think she would be willing to do his therapy at home . 
 if i can arrange for a physical therapist and a visiting nurse to come and provide services at the ranch , would you release him to our care ? 
 i know we can rent or buy the necessary hospital and medical equipment . 
 if i can get everything arranged , could he come home by the end of this week , ? '' 
 mandy asked anxiously . 
 `` yes , i would agree to home care , if you could show me that everything is in place . 
 i am willing to let you try it . 
 i 've watched you and am convinced you could handle his nursing care . 
 i know you 've been doing most of the tasks the nurses are supposed to do . 
 being in more familiar surroundings might be the best thing for his recovery . 
 let me know how things work out , '' dr. owens added . 
 mandy checked with jody watson , buddy 's physical therapist . 
 she was happy to get some extra money and lived fairly close to loomis . 
 she said she would check with her best friend who was a nurse who wanted some part-time work . 
 later that day , mandy called and located a hospital bed , wheel chair , and the other items dr. owens said she needed at a hospital supply store in ventana . 
 they had everything she needed in stock and assured her they could deliver and set it all up before friday . 
 two days later , mandy approached dr. owens and showed him that she had everything arranged . 
 he checked it out and agreed to release buddy to her care . 
 once mandy was sure everything was in place , she went to tell buddy . 
 buddy was listening to a show on the television when mandy walked into the room . 
 she walked over to his bed . 
 he turned when he saw her enter , and he turned off the tv . 
 he smiled and said , `` hi , honey , you 're early today . 
 i 'm glad you 're here . 
 i love you , mandy . '' 
 `` i love you , too , '' mandy said . 
 she walked over and kissed him gently . 
 she was n't sure how to tell him that he was going to be coming home to the ranch sooner than he expected . 
 with a sigh she said , `` buddy , i wo n't be coming to visit you at the hospital next week . '' 
 buddy looked at her and quickly asked , `` why wo n't you be coming ? 
 is something wrong ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 mandy smiled and said , `` i 'm fine . 
 it 's just that you wo n't be here . 
 i got permission from dr. owens to move you to a different location . 
 i reserved a private room for you at the turner ranch . 
 i 'm taking you home to our house ! 
 you 'll get your care and physical therapy at home . 
 i got everything okayed and an ambulance will transport you home on friday . 
 i 'm so excited to bring you home ! '' 
 `` are you teasing me , mandy ? 
 am i really going home ? 
 how did you arrange that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i convinced dr. owens that you 'd recuperate better at home than at any convalescent hospital . 
 i 'll be your nurse . 
 your mom will provide the good home cooking . 
 madge and the kids else will keep you entertained . 
 i 've missed you so much ! 
 you do have to promise to obey your nurse 's orders and behave . 
 will you do that ? '' 
 mandy asked happily . 
 `` that depends on what my nurse wants me to do , '' he said with a grin and a sly laugh . 
 `` sometimes i might want to spend time alone with my wife , not my nurse . '' 
 `` i 'm sure we can find a way to take care of all your needs better at home than we can here in the hospital , '' she kidded with a blush spreading over her cheeks . 
 she bent over and kissed him joyfully . 
 buddy looked into her eyes and saw tears of joy . 
 she kissed him again , and he eagerly returned her kiss . 
 when she looked at the smile on his face , it expressed his emotions better than any words ever could . 
 before buddy was scheduled to go to the ranch , dr. owens checked his most recent ct scans and his nervous system responses . 
 he noted that buddy 's legs muscles were slightly atrophied from his prolonged bed rest . 
 he had not experienced any spontaneous leg movements , but he did feel some sensations of pain in a few areas of his legs and feet . 
 the physical therapist and dr. owens were encouraged by that . 
 jody , his physical therapist , explained to buddy and mandy , '' since he has some sensations in his lower legs , it means the spinal cord was not completely severed . 
 it may take some time and hard work to get his muscles and nerves working together again . 
 when they do , he has a great chance of making a complete recovery . '' 
 mandy was so anxious to have buddy at home , she could barely wait until he would be surrounded by his family 's love and could eat his mom 's great home cooking . 
 mandy was sure seeing paul , lisa , and chris would help cheer him up , too . 
 she was positive the combination would help buddy get well sooner . 
 by friday , everything was in place . 
 the ambulance picked buddy up at the hospital and drove him to the turner ranch . 
 it parked in front of his house where a wooden ramp had been built to enable the gurney to be rolled into the living room where the rental hospital bed had been set up . 
 melanie and mandy had re-arranged the living room furniture to make room for the bed and assorted medical supplies . 
 melanie brought in fresh flowers from the yard and put some new magazines on the table near the bed . 
 robert , madge , and melanie hurried over and joined mandy at the back of the ambulance . 
 robert helped the ambulance attendants roll buddy 's gurney into the living room . 
 carefully , they lifted him onto the hospital bed . 
 they checked his vital signs to make sure he was stable , and then they left . 
 madge kissed him . 
 `` i 'm so happy you are finally home , '' she said . 
 `` it 's so good to be out of that hospital room , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm looking forward to some good home cooking , mom ! 
 that plastic hospital food is enough to make or keep a patient sick . '' 
 `` welcome home , buddy , '' melanie said . 
 `` paul , lisa , and chris have been driving me crazy since your accident . 
 they wanted to come and visit you in the hospital , but they were too young to see you there . 
 let me know when you are feeling up to having them come to visit . 
 they have really missed their ` favorite uncle ' , '' she explained . 
 `` i 'm their only uncle , '' buddy laughed . 
 `` i 'd love to see them . 
 maybe later today after supper , they can come and visit for a while . 
 right now i 'm tired , and i 'd like to rest for a bit . 
 i was too excited to sleep much last night , '' he admitted with a sheepish grin . 
 madge , robert , and melanie left a few minutes later . 
 mandy turned off the overhead light , pulled the curtains shut , and started to leave . 
 buddy quietly asked , `` mandy , will you stay here with me for a while ? '' 
 `` of course , buddy . 
 i 'll stay as long as you want me to . 
 i 'm so happy to have you home . 
 this house has been so empty and lonely without you here in it . 
 i love you , and i have missed you so much ! '' 
 `` please lie here beside me , so i can see your face while i fall asleep , '' buddy whispered . 
 carefully mandy climbed up onto the hospital bed beside buddy . 
 she stretched her arm out and caressed his face . 
 she leaned over and gently kissed him . 
 she left her hand gently resting on his cheek . 
 buddy sighed happily and whispered , `` i 've missed having you beside me each night in bed . 
 what a terrible mess i 've made of everything . 
 my body is bruised and broken , but my heart still aches to touch your beautiful body . '' 
 `` i know , buddy . 
 i long for yours , too . 
 just rest for now . 
 we are together again , and i 'm not going anywhere , '' mandy promised . 
 buddy closed his eyes and fell asleep . 
 mandy lay beside him , happily watching him sleep , until she dozed off . 
 after they woke up , mandy pushed the bed over by the window so he could look outside at the pasture where buck and thunder were grazing . 
 `` when you are feeling better , we 'll do all the things we used to do together . 
 just rest and get well , '' she said . 
 `` i sure hope so , mandy . 
 i want to get well and be able to hold you and love you the way i used to . 
 that is something worth working for . 
 i promise i 'll be the best patient and the hardest worker ever . 
 i 'll do all my therapy , so i can hold you in my arms again . 
 i want to be able to dance with you on our wedding anniversary and make love to you later that night '' `` i 'll definitely reserve that dance and many , many more dances for you , my precious husband , '' she whispered and kissed him eagerly . 
 at suppertime , madge brought over a tray with two plates of piping hot chicken and dumplings . 
 mandy waited for it to cool a bit before she began feeding buddy . 
 she patiently cut it and fed him . 
 he ate it eagerly . 
 when it was gone , he sighed contentedly . 
 `` that was delicious ! '' 
 he sighed . 
 she brought him a small dish of ice cream and watched him gobble it up . 
 mandy cleared away the dishes and removed the tray . 
 she had just finished washing his face when they heard a knock on the door . 
 paul , lisa , chris , and melanie walked inside and asked timidly , `` is this a good time for a visit ? '' 
 melanie asked hopefully . 
 buddy called out , `` come on in ! 
 it 's a perfect time for a visit . 
 i 've missed you all so much ! '' 
 melanie cautioned , `` remember , kids , settle down and do n't bump uncle buddy . '' 
 the kids dashed over and stood next to his bed . 
 `` we made cards and pictures for you , '' paul said . 
 lisa smiled at buddy and said , `` you were gone away so long . 
 i wanted to see you , but mommy said i was too little . '' 
 buddy said , `` melanie , lift lisa and chris up on the bed so i can see them and what they made better . 
 paul , do you want to sit on the bed , too ? '' 
 soon all three kids were settled on either side of buddy 's bed . 
 `` we are sorry you got hurt . 
 are you ok now ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` i 'm not completely well , but i feel so much better . 
 just getting home and getting to see you again really makes me happy . 
 i still need to heal and learn how to walk again . 
 how are all of you ? 
 is there anything new ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` mommy says we may get a dog soon . 
 the man down the road has seven puppies . 
 i hope we get to have one , '' lisa said . 
 `` who 's going to feed and take care of the puppy ? 
 they need someone to give them food and water and take them for walks and clean up after them ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` we will . 
 we really want a dog , '' paul said . 
 melanie said , `` we are still talking about it . 
 they will be able to leave their mother in about four weeks . 
 the kids are going to help take care of feeding the chickens this month to see if they really want a big job like taking good care of a dog . 
 next week we are going to go look at the puppies again , if they still want a dog . '' 
 `` what are you holding , paul ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 one at a time , paul , lisa , and chris held up their cards and drawings so buddy could see them . 
 he smiled and listened to their excited words . 
 he thanked them for their pictures and for their visit . 
 `` i really missed seeing you every day . 
 i think you all grew bigger while i was in the hospital . 
 have you been minding your mom and helping grandma ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , '' they all said . 
 after visiting a few more minutes , melanie gathered them up to leave . 
 `` say goodnight to uncle buddy and aunt mandy . 
 you were very good visiting with uncle buddy . 
 hopefully you can come and visit again soon , `` melanie praised them . 
 `` let 's go get ready for bed . '' 
 they all gave buddy a kiss and said good night to him . 
 after they left , buddy said , `` it 's so good to be at home ! 
 i really missed seeing those little kids . 
 thanks for arranging all of this for me . 
 i 'm afraid taking care of me here is going to be too much work for you . '' 
 `` i actually think it may be easier for me to take care of you here . 
 besides this is n't work for me ; it 's a labor of love . 
 it makes me feel so happy when i can do things to help you feel better . 
 is n't that how you felt when i was sick with the flu and you did special things for me ? 
 love is always give and take . 
 that 's the way it is when you love someone , '' mandy explained . 
 later mandy got buddy ready for bed . 
 it was the first time she had done all of the nurse 's tasks without having her work checked . 
 she carefully removed his colostomy bag , thoroughly cleaned the area , dried it , and attached the new bag . 
 she checked and replaced the dirty catheter . 
 after she finished with those tasks , she gently cleaned his face and hands , adjusted his pillow , straightened his bedding , and turned out the lights . 
 `` mandy , my sweet wife , thanks for all you do for me . 
 i hate having to depend on anyone for anything . 
 i have always felt so proud of my independence . 
 now that i 've been helpless as a baby , i 've learned what unselfish love is all about . 
 i can feel deep love in your gentle touch . 
 whenever you touch me , i feel loved and cherished . 
 i hope someday i can make this up to you . 
 i know you 've been up since early morning , and you 've done so much for me already today . 
 i know you need your rest , but i wonder if you can stay here with me in this bed . 
 since the accident , the nights being alone and totally helpless have been torture . 
 i 've had such awful nightmares . 
 if you were here with me , i do n't think i 'd have these terrible nightmares anymore . 
 of course , if you ca n't get the rest you need here , i will understand . 
 the most important thing is that you get plenty of rest , '' buddy said humbly . 
 `` buddy , my precious husband , i 'd love to sleep here with you . 
 just relax for a few minutes . 
 i need to go outside and give treats to buck and thunder . 
 let me hurry out and do that , then i 'll come in and go to bed here with you . 
 just promise me , if you are in pain or need anything , please wake me up no matter what time it is , '' mandy said . 
 mandy grabbed a handful of treats and hurried down to the corral . 
 while she was there , max walked over to her . 
 when she saw max , she gave him a quick hug . 
 `` anything to report ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` nothing today , but i did have an idea . 
 do you ever put cattle in the field around the loading dock to graze ? 
 i got to thinking that the rustlers may be checking to see if there are any cattle close to the loading dock to gather up and steal . 
 it would be easier , quicker , and safer for them to do it if they did n't have to spend a lot of time rounding them up . 
 i wonder if that 's what they 're checking on , '' max suggested thoughtfully . 
 `` max , i think you may be a genius ! 
 that makes a lot of sense . 
 tomorrow , i 'll try to get 40-60 steers moved over to that section . 
 if you 're right , that might be the bait we need to spring the trap . '' 
 mandy agreed . 
 `` thanks for being so faithful and for this idea . 
 hopefully , we can catch those skunks red-handed . '' 
 mandy rushed back to the house . 
 she quickly got ready for bed and hurried down to buddy 's bed . 
 he was still awake when mandy climbed into the bed next to him . 
 `` i promise not to get fresh , '' buddy joked . 
 mandy laughed , `` well , i wo n't make that promise to you , '' she whispered in a sexy voice . 
 she saw his eyes following her movement . 
 she kissed him and tenderly caressed his face . 
 because of the bulky body cast , she could n't really get close enough to snuggle against his body , but she left her hand touching him reassuringly . 
 in a few minutes , they drifted off to sleep . 
 when buddy awoke the next morning , mandy was no longer beside him . 
 she came rushing in a few minutes later carrying a tray with coffee and a delicious breakfast for two . 
 `` good morning , '' she called setting the tray down near the bed . '' 
 how did you sleep ? '' 
 `` great ! 
 no nightmares and no fear about the future ! 
 just knowing you were near me , i felt safe and loved . 
 i slept like a log . 
 the only bad thing is that i ca n't get my arms around you and hold you close , '' buddy said . 
 `` just be patient . 
 that will come in time . 
 do n't think you 'll always get served breakfast in bed when you are well . '' 
 mandy cut up his food and fed him . 
 `` your mom is so happy today . 
 she was so sad while you were in the hospital . 
 she made your favorite breakfast today -- sausage patties , scrambled eggs , biscuits with sausage gravy and strong coffee . '' 
 `` at this rate , i 'll get fat as a pig eating this delicious food and not getting any exercise . 
 i wonder if they make a xxx size body cast ? '' 
 buddy kidded . 
 after breakfast , mandy returned the dishes to madge . 
 she told madge how buddy had gobbled it up and what he 'd said . 
 madge laughed happily until tears of joy rolled down her cheeks . 
 chapter 14 mandy hurried outside to help with some chores . 
 she gathered eggs from the henhouse , got fresh water and food for the two horses . 
 she fed buck and thunder , took the eggs to the kitchen , and then rushed back to buddy 's side . 
 mandy felt tiredness weighing her down , but she realized it was n't lack of sleep that was causing it . 
 while she slept several hours , strange dreams filled with thoughts of jason and the rustlers kept her mind in turmoil . 
 she knew it was those worries that were sapping her strength . 
 mandy realized she had reached her limit . 
 even though she hated to do it , she knew she had to confide in someone . 
 her first thought would normally have been buddy , but she knew he was buried under with worry already . 
 knowing about these extra problems and not being physically able to do anything to help would cause him too much frustration . 
 she remembered melanie telling her that her dad was a good listener and had a good head on his shoulders . 
 `` god , i know i ca n't carry this load without help . 
 please help me make robert understand and believe what i need to tell him , '' mandy prayed . 
 when jody came in and began working with buddy 's physical therapy , mandy slipped quietly outside looking for robert . 
 mandy found him in the tack room repairing and cleaning the bridles and saddles . 
 `` robert , can i talk to you for a few minutes ? '' 
 she asked anxiously . 
 `` sure , '' he drawled . 
 `` is something wrong ? 
 is buddy all right ? '' 
 `` buddy 's having his physical therapy right now . 
 i need to get some things off my chest . 
 there are some things that i need to talk to you about , '' mandy said nervously . 
 robert wiped his hands clean . 
 `` let 's go sit down on the bench behind the barn . 
 it should be cooler out there , '' he suggested . 
 `` i want to thank you again for the way you 've accepted me into your family . 
 i have been missing my dad a lot lately . 
 in the past , whenever i had problems , i could always talk to him , and he would listen and help me figure out what to do . 
 i feel the same way about you . 
 would you mind if i called you dad sometimes ? 
 i love you like i did my own father . 
 you and madge have made me feel so accepted and loved , '' mandy said . 
 `` i 'd be honored to be called dad by a wonderful woman like you . 
 i 'm so grateful to god that you are part of our family , mandy , '' robert answered with a strong hug . 
 mandy fought back tears and said , `` there are some things i have n't told you or buddy about . 
 he and melanie assumed some things about me when we met , and i just let them believe they were true . 
 now , especially since he got hurt , i do n't know how to straighten it out . 
 i feel like i 've lied to him and all of you , but i 'm too scared to tell him while he is so worried about not being able to walk . '' 
 `` relax , you can talk to me about anything , and i wo n't tell anyone about it until you say it is okay . 
 no matter what you tell me , i know you , trust you , and love you . 
 nothing can change that , '' robert said . 
 `` i sure hope that 's true . 
 the only time buddy and i have had angry words or disagreements has been about money . 
 when he learned i had paid for everything in the wedding , including madge and melanie 's ' clothes , he seemed insulted and angry . 
 he said that he had enough money to take care of those things . 
 then when we went to bear lake resort , the same thing came between us . 
 when i checked in , i prepaid our lodging bill . 
 that 's the way i always did it when i travelled . 
 i did n't think anything about it , but he was furious when he found out i had already paid for everything . 
 he kept saying that he was the breadwinner , the man in the family , and he could take care of us . 
 i did n't mean to upset or hurt him . 
 it seemed like such a small thing to me , but it was a big deal to him , '' mandy explained . 
 `` i can almost hear him say that . 
 i think i can explain where that attitude came from , '' robert said . 
 `` when i first met buddy , he saw i was driving an old clunker . 
 the back seat and trunk were stuffed full of clothes and other belongings . 
 i had been travelling a few months , and did n't have any other place to store the things i wanted to keep . 
 i think he figured i was a poor , homeless person . 
 from the way they brought me here to your ranch , i think he and melanie assumed i was down on my luck . 
 like a stray kitten , they brought me home with them . 
 i was so touched by their caring and by the way you all welcomed me , a complete stranger , that i did n't correct him . 
 in a strange way , i was glad they thought that . 
 when buddy talked about loving me and wanting to marry me , i knew he loved me just for me , '' she added softly . 
 `` mandy , part of that probably came from how he grew up . 
 madge and i lived with my parents after we got married . 
 melanie 's house is the one madge and i built next to my folks . 
 we were very happy together , especially after buddy and melanie were born . 
 we were poor as church mice , but we were always rich in love . 
 thanks to my mom 's and madge 's green thumbs , we always had fresh fruit and vegetables to eat . 
 any leftover produce was canned or made into jelly . 
 when we ran short of meat , we would butcher a steer . 
 we lived well , but we never had money for the extra things that a lot of the other kids in school had . 
 madge is a genius at cutting down and remaking clothes for them . 
 it is just wearing hand-me-downs and re-cycled clothes most of their life made him feel less than his friends . 
 he never complained about it in words , but i remember seeing his face darken when other kids had new clothes , fancy shoes , or toys . 
 he hated feeling like a charity case when people gave us their used clothes . 
 it drove him to go out as young as he could to find extra work to earn his own spending money , '' robert recounted . 
 `` i can sure identify with that feeling , '' mandy agreed . 
 `` i never had many ` store-bought things ' growing up . 
 it was a lot worse after my mom died . 
 she did the same kind of things for me that madge did for him . 
 after she died , my dad became both a mom and dad to me . 
 he tried to take care of me and run the ranch without her loving help . 
 it was just too much , for him , but he would n't take ` charity ' either . 
 he worked for a few years as a part time deputy to try to keep the ranch going . 
 in the end , he could n't make the payments on the mortgage , and he lost the ranch . 
 after that , we moved and he worked for other ranchers . 
 he was a great dad , but he lost that pride of owning his own land . 
 i know where buddy got that fierce desire to be independent . 
 i have that desire , too , but i learned that everyone needs help sometimes . 
 it is much easier on my pride to be the ` giver ' , but i also learned being the ` receiver ' allows someone else to have the blessing of being the ' giver ' . 
 after i got into a terrible situation in montana and things got unbearable , i had to admit i could n't survive without help , '' mandy said . 
 `` how did you two finally settle the money issue ? '' 
 robert asked . 
 `` that 's part of the problem now . 
 we never really did . 
 we never got around to settling it . 
 while living on the ranch , it did n't seem important any more . 
 i just do n't know how to straighten it out now with buddy hurt and unable to support us . 
 my problem right now would n't be a problem for most people . 
 because of buddy 's attitude about money and being independent , it 's a big problem for me . 
 the truth is , after my husband and stepchildren were killed in an auto accident , i received four very large insurance settlements . 
 i have more money right now than i can count . 
 i 'm afraid it will intimidate buddy to find out i 'm rich and can support us , '' mandy admitted . 
 `` why were you driving that old car and carrying your stuff with you ? '' 
 robert asked . 
 `` i did n't have a lot of money when i left montana . 
 i sold off most of the things i owned up there . 
 all i had was just what i got from selling our furniture and other personal property . 
 i bought that old car after a mechanic checked it out , because i thought i 'd be safer if i kept a low profile . 
 a single woman in a fancy new car might draw the wrong kind of attention . 
 i was so lost and hurting then , i needed to get away from everything in montana , but i did n't know where i wanted to settle down , so i loaded all the ` stuff ' i needed in my car . 
 i did n't want to leave things in storage there . 
 i just wanted to leave there forever . 
 my goal was to blend in and not be bothered , '' mandy explained . 
 `` that must have been a terrible time for you . 
 i ca n't imagine feeling so hurt , lost , and alone starting out without any plans , '' robert said pulling her into his arms . 
 `` thanks , dad . 
 i was a mess when i left there , but god was always with me . 
 i could feel his protection . 
 a lot of the journey is a blur to me . 
 i believe he led me here to the turner ranch to buddy and all of you . 
 i have never felt so loved as i have since i came here hurt and confused . 
 thanks for everything you have done for me . 
 there is still something else i still need to tell you about . 
 another thing i have n't told anyone for the same reason is that i have arranged to completely pay off all of buddy 's medical and hospital bills . 
 each time a bill comes to my ` secret ' post office box , i send them a payment . 
 that is also how i hired two college students to help out on the ranch . 
 they are getting college job experience credits , but i am also paying them for their time . '' 
 `` you hired two ranch hands ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , that 's another thing i need to set straight . 
 before i go any farther , bill , the ranch hand you know , works in the morning with you . 
 max , the other student , has been working for me every night on the ranch . 
 i discovered , after buddy 's accident , that you have been losing cattle to rustlers for probably the last year or two . 
 when i was out riding alone a couple of hours after midnight just after buddy was taken to the hospital , i found truck tire tracks and other evidence that someone had come onto your ranch and used your own loading dock to steal your cattle . 
 sheriff larson , an old friend of my father 's , came out , looked at the evidence and agreed that things did n't look right . 
 i hired max to stay out near the loading dock at night and watch for the rustlers to return . 
 as of now , we know how it is being done , and i have a good idea of who is involved . '' 
 `` who do you think is stealing our cattle ? '' 
 robert asked . 
 `` it 's a rotten bully named jason burton , but i ca n't prove it yet . 
 he 's been coming around the loading dock area and scoping out the land during the day and often at night . 
 yesterday max came up with a good idea . 
 he suggested moving about 60 head of cattle over to the field near the loading dock . 
 that may be what they keep checking for . 
 it would make it much easier to steal the cattle if they were closer to the loading dock . 
 would you consider moving some over there and bait the trap ? 
 when they show up at the loading dock , i have a plan with the sheriff for how to catch the rustlers . 
 we 're just waiting for max to give the signal when the cattle truck arrives . 
 then i call sheriff larson , and he and his deputies will came and catch them red-handed , '' mandy explained . 
 `` how in the dickens did you figure this out ? 
 i did n't even think of that possibility ? 
 i never thought of rustlers , not even after our count was short . 
 i just figured i 'd counted wrong . 
 if i were going to steal cattle , i 'd want to be able to do it quickly and then get away before anyone knew it had been done . 
 moving cattle closer would make a lot of sense . 
 that sounds like a good idea . 
 bill and i will move some cattle over there tomorrow morning . 
 hopefully that will bring them out in the open , and we can spring the trap . 
 i am amazed that you 've been able to handle all of this on your own . '' 
 `` sometimes i 've wondered if i have handled things that well . 
 i have hated keeping secrets , but i wanted to wait until there was proof . 
 i just realized that i needed help . 
 i hope you can understand why i did n't tell you sooner , '' mandy apologized . 
 robert said , `` mandy , with all the stress of buddy 's illness and spending so much time taking care of him , how have you managed to carry all these things on your shoulders ? 
 why did n't you tell me this sooner ? '' 
 `` i knew you were already worried about buddy , and i figured you probably felt the same about ` charity ' as buddy did . 
 i want to be the one to tell buddy about my money -lrb- actually our money since this is a community property state -rrb- after he is well . 
 i do n't want anything to upset him and possibly keep him from making a full recovery . 
 i hate all these secrets , but i 'm honestly trying to do what i thought was best for everyone , '' mandy said breaking down in tears . 
 robert put his arms around her and held her until she was quiet again . 
 `` what else have you been burdened with ? 
 i want you to trust me with everything . 
 we are family now , and we always stick together . 
 remember , a burden shared is never as heavy as one carried alone , ' so tell me more about this guy who 's been snooping around . '' 
 `` that 's another burden , or rather a fear , that 's really been weighing me down . 
 when i first came here , buddy and i went out to eat dinner . 
 we ran into a guy i used to know in high school . 
 i do n't think he recognized me or ever figured out that i knew him back then , but he and buddy do n't get along very well . 
 he came over while we were eating , made some rude comments , and started flirting with me . 
 buddy was getting angry . 
 basically , i told this creep to go away and leave us alone , that buddy was more of a man than he would ever be . 
 he did leave , but i could see he was steaming . 
 since then , he has cornered me a couple of times and made lewd comments . 
 the last time , he snuck up on me when i was alone in the western section fixing a broken fence wire . 
 he grabbed me and tried to rape me . 
 luckily my dad taught me some effective defense moves , and i was able to get away from him with just a couple of bruises . 
 he swore he 'd get even with buddy and me , and he insinuated that we would end up losing the ranch . 
 max and i have both seen him in his pickup truck looking around over near your loading dock . 
 i feel sure he is in on the rustling . 
 i sure hope he is ! 
 i 'll feel safer if he gets locked up for a long time . 
 since he physically attacked me , i do n`t go anywhere without a loaded gun . 
 i got the necessary permits so i can legally carry one , but i felt guilty keeping that from you , too . 
 if he tries to touch me again , i 'll make sure he wo n't ever be able to try it another time , '' mandy said seriously . 
 `` mandy , if i could get my hands on him , i 'd shoot him myself ! '' 
 robert swore . 
 `` is he related to bill burton , owner of triple b ranch ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's his dad , but do n't say anything yet . 
 we do n't want anyone to know we are suspicious or aware of anything . 
 i am hoping , in the very near future , sheriff larson will catch him , and he 'll be locked up for a long , long time . 
 i do n't want to kill him or anyone else . 
 i just want to keep him from hurting me or anyone else . 
 let the law and god take care of vengeance . '' 
 `` what can i do to help you ? '' 
 robert asked . 
 `` you 've helped me a lot already . 
 i was afraid you might not believe me . 
 it is such a wild assortment of problems . 
 i feel guilty for keeping so many secrets from all of you , but i did n't want you or buddy worrying about anything more than you already knew about . 
 i just could n't hold it all in . 
 i felt like i was going to explode , '' mandy said . 
 `` when max calls that the rustlers are at the loading dock , do you want me to call you so you can go out with me to meet the sheriff ? '' 
 `` you 'd better believe it ! 
 you 've really been carrying a load of worries on your shoulders . 
 it 's about time you confided in me and let me share some of the load . 
 i wo n't tell anyone about this until you have the opportunity to talk to buddy you should do it as soon as he is well -- if not before . 
 you do n't have anything to worry about ! 
 buddy loves you , and nothing can destroy that , '' robert said . 
 `` i sure hope you 're right about that . 
 each time i 've talked to my attorney in montana , the problem gets bigger . 
 i just learned that the settlement money has been earning interest . 
 now i have a little more money every month . 
 i do n't want to hurt buddy 's pride or feeling of being the ` breadwinner . ' 
 i love him and all of you . 
 i love this wonderful old ranch . 
 it is so full of your family 's history . 
 i 'd like to invest some of my money in this ranch , if you 'd let me . 
 we could get more modern equipment , expand the herd , hire more help , and have money to pay off our bills and mortgages , '' mandy suggested . 
 `` that is too much for me to take in all at once . 
 let me think about it . 
 i do n't usually keep any secrets from madge , but i will keep this in confidence . 
 of course , i wo n't make any decisions without talking it over with buddy , melanie , and madge , '' robert promised . 
 `` that 's how i want it to be with buddy and me . 
 i do n't want to make the decisions , i just want to be included in making them . 
 i want us to talk things over . 
 buddy is the leader , the head of our family . 
 i trust him and his judgment completely . 
 i love him so much , dad . 
 all i want is to be his wife , his helpmate , and his friend . 
 i just hope buddy can forgive me for keeping all these things from him . 
 will he be able to trust me after he hears about all this mess ? '' 
 she cried . 
 robert put his arms around mandy 's shoulder and hugged her . 
 `` nothing can ever keep him from loving you , mandy . '' 
 together they walked back into the barn . 
 mandy hurried back to watch buddy finish doing his therapy . 
 the therapist was helping him slowly manipulate his legs . 
 she showed mandy what to help him with before his next session . 
 afterwards , mandy gave him a quick sponge bath to help relax his tired muscles . 
 mandy felt like a giant weight had been lifted off her shoulders after confiding in robert . 
 the days at home were always busy for mandy . 
 when the visiting nurse arrived to check buddy out , mandy stayed close and observed all she did . 
 she checked for obvious signs of infection . 
 because mandy was so careful and cleaned buddy so thoroughly , no infection was ever found . 
 although jody only came three days a week , buddy did his physical therapy exercises each day . 
 mandy helped him do his exercises each day when he needed help . 
 buddy pushed himself to always do more than the required number of repetitions . 
 his muscles began filling out , and each day he seemed a little stronger . 
 on the next tuesday , the ambulance arrived in the morning to take buddy in for a ct scan and x-rays . 
 afterwards , mandy and buddy waited together for the results . 
 finally dr. owens walked into the room . 
 he was smiling . 
 `` your femur is completely stable and your hip is in the socket just where it belongs . 
 it looks like the bones in your lower spine have stabilized and are healing nicely . 
 everything looks good . 
 we need to keep you here overnight , so we can now reverse your colostomy and reattach your colon . 
 we will also remove your catheter , and we can get you out of that body cast . 
 we will measure and fit you for a much less restrictive back brace . 
 you will still need to be very careful . 
 no sharp bending , heavy lifting , no weight on your legs until your leg muscles are stronger . 
 after this long in that body cast , your leg and torso muscles will have lost muscle tone and strength , but you will be able to sit up and use your arms . 
 we will be better able to manipulate your legs , and you will begin gradually putting weight on them . 
 i will write new orders for your physical therapist to begin working more on rehabilitating your torso and leg muscles '' before the surgery , buddy 's body cast had to be removed . 
 with a special saw , dr. owens carefully cut down each side of the body cast . 
 carefully , like a snake shedding its old skin , he pulled off the top section of the body cast , revealing pale white , sickly looking skin on his chest and abdomen . 
 they turned buddy over and removed the back section . 
 his skin was white and wrinkled like a child who had stayed in his bath too long . 
 after removing the layers of gauze over his spinal incision , the doctor examined the wound . 
 it was healed and showed very little scarring . 
 after that , they rolled buddy into the operating room , administered anesthesia , and reversed the colostomy . 
 they closed the opening , bandaged it , and removed the catheter . 
 afterwards he was taken to the recovery room . 
 mandy watched buddy as he slowly came awake . 
 she smiled when he opened his eyes and looked at her . 
 she kissed him and let him go back to sleep to recover his strength . 
 by the next morning his bowels and bladder were both functioning normally . 
 later that day , they fitted buddy for a back brace . 
 they decided to leave a gauze bandage over his colostomy repair and to put a light cover over the nearly healed spinal incision to prevent the brace from irritating it . 
 each night , mandy would loosen the back brace , remove , clean , and re-bandage the colostomy area . 
 she would re-fasten the back brace . 
 when they helped buddy sit up for a few minutes , buddy grew pale and dizzy . 
 they quickly adjusted the brace , and he lay back down again . 
 dr. owens said , `` that 's normal after all the time you were flat on your back . 
 it will take time for your body to regain your muscle tone and strength . 
 i 'm really pleased with your progress . 
 just do n't over-exert or re-injure your spine . '' 
 when can i start trying to walk ? '' 
 buddy asked eagerly . 
 `` that depends entirely on how quickly you regain your muscle tone and strength . 
 we still ca n't tell if your nerves are all healthy and intact and will work in coordination with your muscles . 
 the next thing to look for is spontaneous muscle movement . 
 after that it is a matter of training your muscles and nerves to work together at your command , '' dr. owens said . 
 `` i 'll make sure he follows your orders . 
 we definitely do n't want any setbacks , '' mandy said . 
 it took nearly an hour to adjust the back brace to dr. owens ' satisfaction . 
 the nurse helped buddy into a wheel chair . 
 they pushed him out of the hospital building to mandy 's car . 
 the nurse showed mandy how to lift buddy up and move him into a wheelchair so she would n't strain her own back . 
 after a couple of tries , mandy maneuvered buddy into the front seat of her car . 
 he winced , but did n't make a sound . 
 mandy loaded the wheelchair into the trunk , got in the car , and started driving buddy back to turner ranch . 
 buddy leaned back against the car seat . 
 gingerly he moved his arms and shoulders . 
 he turned his head from side to side . 
 `` it sure feels strange to be sitting up again . 
 the world really looks different from this position . 
 i still feel as weak as a kitten , but it feels fantastic getting out of that hot , scratchy body cast . 
 now i can begin doing things for myself , '' buddy said happily . 
 `` some things , buddy , '' mandy reminded him . 
 `` i know , but now i can feed myself , get a drink of water when i am thirsty , answer the telephone , read a magazine , or write a letter . 
 best of all , i can hug and hold my beautiful wife , '' buddy enthused . 
 `` that 's wonderful , buddy , just do n't take any chances . 
 now we can work on building up your strength , '' mandy said . 
 getting out of her car , mandy pulled the wheelchair out of the trunk and pushed it around to buddy 's car door . 
 `` you can start practicing right now by hugging me around the neck and hold on tight to my shoulders , '' mandy ordered . 
 buddy followed her directions , put his arms around her neck and held her tight . 
 mandy used her leg muscles and lifted him out of the car . 
 she pivoted slightly and lowered him into his wheelchair . 
 robert rushed over and helped mandy push buddy up the new ramp into the living room . 
 once inside , buddy grabbed the wheels and maneuvered himself around the room . 
 he laughed and grinned from ear to ear . 
 `` this is wonderful , '' buddy whooped . 
 `` i can go from place to place without needing help . 
 do you know how fantastic this is after being flat on my back in a bed for the last s -lsb- x weeks . '' 
 robert , madge , melanie , and mandy scooted out of his way . 
 they laughed and cheered him on . 
 finally buddy slowed down and turned to face them . 
 `` it is so great to be home . 
 thanks for everything you all did to get me home and for all your help while i 've been hurt . 
 you do n't realize how much i missed being here on the ranch while i was in the hospital . 
 you built a ramp and rearranged the furniture and got the things i need to use to get stronger . 
 i do n't know how to thank you , '' buddy smiled at each one . 
 `` i think i understand how a baby feels when he begins to stand and walk by himself . 
 if it were n't for all of you , i do n't think i would have lived through this . 
 i love you all , '' buddy said . 
 `` we are so happy to have you home . 
 we have all missed you , too . 
 it just did n't seem like home without you here , '' madge said . 
 `` i am going to enjoy cooking for you . '' 
 `` well , mom , i am going to continue to enjoy eating your cooking ! 
 have you ever eaten hospital food ? 
 most of all , i missed being with my family . 
 i learned a lot about myself since the accident . 
 i learned things can change suddenly . 
 i never dreamed i would ever be flat on my back , unable to do even the most basic things for myself . 
 i hated having to admit that i needed help , but the accident forced me to accept it . 
 i learned what true unselfish love is like while mandy took such gentle , tender care of me . 
 i would not have survived without all that she did for me . 
 i had lots of time to think , and i felt all your prayers . 
 i do n't know how to explain it , but i felt so close to god . 
 i had lots of time to think and learned a lot about myself . 
 it taught me to be thankful and patient . 
 no matter how much i wish it , i am not in charge . 
 i had to accept help , and i learned it did not destroy me . 
 it helped me be more grateful and to realize the most important things in life are god , family , and love . 
 i thank god and all of you for bringing me home again . 
 i love you all , '' buddy concluded . 
 after several more welcome home hugs and kisses , madge and melanie went back to their houses . 
 robert put his hand on buddy 's shoulder and gave it a squeeze . 
 `` welcome home , buddy . 
 it is wonderful having you back home . 
 if you need anything , just holler , '' robert added as he walked out and went back to the barn . 
 mandy smiled at buddy and said , `` we can move some of the furniture out so you can have more room to roll around . '' 
 `` no , let 's wait on moving anything . 
 this is fine for now . 
 you ca n't imagine how great it feels to be able to move myself around . 
 this experience has taught me to be more thankful for things i never thought to be thankful for before . 
 i never thought about the joy of walking or just sitting up , and drinking a glass of water when i feel thirsty , or being seeing my family every day . 
 i 'm so thankful for all the progress i 've made , but i wo n't be fully satisfied until i can stand up , walk around , ride my horse , and make love to my beautiful wife . 
 at first i hated so much being waited on by everyone , by anyone , even you , mandy . 
 but i came to understand how gentle , patient , and loving you were through it all . 
 i would not have survived without you and all you did for me . 
 it was a painful lesson , but i learned that i had to accept help if i wanted to get well . 
 i am so thankful that god brought you into my life . 
 i am so happy that you fell in love with me . 
 i love you with all my heart , and i 'll never forget how lovingly you cared for me . 
 please forgive me for the times when i was grouchy , irritable , and rude , '' buddy apologized with tears sparkling in his eyes . 
 mandy kneeled down by his wheelchair . 
 `` you handled this so much better than i would have . 
 i knew how scared , worried , and frustrated you were , because i was just as terrified and worried , too . 
 i knew you were in a lot of pain , but you rarely said anything or asked for more pain medication . 
 the one time you lashed out in anger and frustration at me , i walked out for a while so you would n't see the tears in my eyes . 
 i wanted to be strong for you , but when you turned away from me , i felt hurt and rejected , and i ran away and left you alone . 
 i 'm sorry i failed you that first time you expressed your pain and fear . 
 i was never angry at you ; i just did n't know what to say to you . 
 it was so terrible seeing you in pain and not being able to take it away . 
 i am so happy i was the one who was there to take care of you and help you whenever you needed anything . 
 that brought joy to me . '' 
 buddy moved closer to mandy . 
 he pulled her gently down onto his lap and hugged her tight against him . 
 his lips sought her mouth , and he kissed her passionately . 
 she returned his kisses with total joy and passion . 
 she stayed in his arms and savored the feel of his body warm and so close to hers . 
 `` tonight , if you 'll let me , i want to hold you in my arms and never let you go , '' buddy promised eagerly . 
 later that night , long after the supper dishes had been returned , and mandy had given treats to buck and thunder and met with max , buddy kept his promise . 
 he held her close , tenderly sheltered in his arms . 
 even with the back brace covering his torso , it felt like heaven being in his arms . 
 he turned slightly towards mandy and cradled her against his body . 
 mandy turned and rested her head on his shoulder . 
 her heart beat with joy and wonder as she heard the steady beating of his heart beneath her ear . 
 she kissed him happily and caressed his face , shoulders , and his chest . 
 she sighed and snuggled closer , and they fell asleep curled up together . 
 in the morning , mandy gave buddy a quick sponge bath . 
 she helped buddy put on a loose fitting shirt and walking shorts over his back brace . 
 she slipped sandals on his feet . 
 she put her arms around him and hoisted him into his wheelchair . 
 she carefully wheeled him down the ramp and onto the path leading to the corral . 
 buddy whistled and both horses raced over to the railing . 
 buck edged closer to the fence and poked his head between the rails . 
 buddy stroked his head . 
 when mandy pulled out some apple slices , buddy laughed and handed one to buck . 
 buck eagerly took the treat from his hand . 
 both horses kept munching until all the apple slices were gone . 
 `` thanks for taking such good care of buck and me , '' buddy added . 
 `` it feels so wonderful being outside in the sunshine . 
 i love feeling the sun on my back and the breeze blowing through my hair . 
 i 've missed this so much . 
 you have no idea how hard it was on me to lie in that hospital room day after day unable to do anything for myself . 
 without your visits and your loving help , i would have just shriveled up and died . 
 i ca n't explain how happy and excited i felt when you walked in every day and came over and kissed me . 
 i lived for those times when you were near me . 
 you were my sunshine , my refreshing life giving breeze , and all i needed to feel safe and hopeful . '' 
 they sat outside holding hands and talking quietly until lunch time . 
 robert and bill walked over after they finished their morning chores . 
 robert said , `` buddy , i 'd like to introduce bill , our new ranch hand , to you . 
 he has been a great help with the work . 
 he 's got a lot of bright new ideas and an endless supply of energy . '' 
 buddy reached out his hand and said , `` it 's a pleasure to meet you . 
 i 've heard how helpful you have been . 
 i really appreciate all the work you 've been doing . 
 it was really worrying me how dad would manage without my help . 
 i am so happy to hear you were helping out . 
 now i can concentrate on getting well and back to work . '' 
 bill shook his hand and said , `` i 'm really enjoying working for your dad . 
 i think this ranch is beautiful , and the work experience credits will help me finish my graduation requirements earlier . 
 i appreciate your hiring me to fill in until you are well . '' 
 melanie joined them for a quick visit before leaving to pick up the kids at school . 
 about an hour later , melanie drove back in and parked her car . 
 paul , lisa , and chris raced over to show oreo , their new tiny black and white beagle puppy , to uncle buddy . 
 paul carried the puppy over and let uncle buddy hold him . 
 although he was full of wiggles , oreo snuggled down in buddy 's lap and licked his hand . 
 buddy scratched him behind his ear , and the puppy 's hind leg began twitching . 
 buddy handed the puppy back to paul , and the children began playing with the dog . 
 melanie gathered the kids and dog up and headed for their house . 
 mandy wheeled buddy up the ramp and went to get supper from madge . 
 after eating , mandy massaged buddy 's shoulders and gave him a warm sponge bath . 
 she helped him get undressed and ready for bed . 
 she moved him from his wheelchair into his bed . 
 she sat beside him while they watched a television show . 
 mandy excused herself and went to return the tray and supper dishes to madge . 
 after returning them , robert and mandy walked quickly over to the barn . 
 mandy introduced max to robert . 
 max reported that bill had seen the black pickup near the loading dock gate earlier in the day . 
 mandy quickly reviewed the details of the plan , especially for robert 's benefit . 
 after max got on his horse , he said , `` i think they 'll be coming soon now that the cattle are by the loading dock . 
 i sure hope we can catch them very soon . '' 
 `` if your reasoning is right , it could be very soon . 
 thanks for watching out for us and for coming up with that idea . 
 it ca n't be too soon for me . 
 i have a score to settle with them , '' robert added . 
 `` just remember , dad , we need to let the sheriff and the law catch them , '' mandy said . 
 `` of course , but i hope i get a chance to knock the devil out of that one guy who hurt you , '' robert added . 
 `` as long as he gets caught and convicted , i 'll be satisfied , '' she laughed . 
 chapter 15 buddy lay in bed wondering why mandy had been gone so long . 
 she did n't need to go see buck and thunder , because they had given them treats in the afternoon . 
 he tried to see out the window , but he could barely see the edge of the corral . 
 he hated any time when mandy was n't with him . 
 buddy sighed when he realized how much he depended on mandy , and how important she was to him and his happiness . 
 it was completely dark outside when he heard the noise of a horse near the corral . 
 it did n't sound like buck or thunder . 
 he scooted down the bed and tried to peek out the window . 
 all he could see were black shapes in the deep shadows near the corral . 
 he thought he saw mandy standing near a man . 
 she gave him a hug . 
 then they disappeared into the darkness . 
 buddy wondered what she was doing outside in the dark and who had she hugged . 
 he scooted back up to the head of the bed where she had left him . 
 a couple of minutes later , mandy came hurrying inside . 
 she came over and kissed him , `` i thought you got lost ; you were gone so long , '' buddy said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , buddy . 
 robert and i went to the corral to check on thunder . 
 your dad thought he was limping earlier today , but he seemed fine tonight . 
 then we visited a while . 
 he 's been so kind and helpful to me , even more so , since your accident . 
 i gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek before he went back to his house . 
 he 's so happy and excited that you are home now and doing so well , '' mandy explained . 
 `` sorry , honey , i know you spend most of your time with me . 
 it is just that i miss you so much when you are n't here with me . 
 have i told you lately that i love you ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` not in the last ten minutes , '' mandy said with a soft laugh , `` but feel free to say it anytime . 
 i love hearing it . 
 i 'm going upstairs to get ready for bed . 
 i 'm very tired tonight , so i wo n't be long . '' 
 she turned and hurried upstairs and changed into a silky nightgown . 
 `` are you almost ready for bed ? '' 
 he called up the stairs . 
 `` here i come . 
 was i gone too long ? '' 
 she asked . 
 buddy watched her walk down the stairs . 
 his heart beat faster when he caught a glimpse of her slim body through the pale blue material . 
 mandy climbed into the bed and snuggled up beside him . 
 she turned and kissed him tenderly . 
 `` i 'm sorry i was gone so long . 
 was it worth the wait ? '' 
 she teased him . 
 `` you are always worth the wait , honey . 
 you are so beautiful ; you take my breath away , '' buddy replied . 
 he gently caressed her face . 
 mandy turned and kissed him and sighed happily . 
 unable to suppress it , mandy yawned sleepily and stretched lazily . 
 `` today has been so wonderful with you home . 
 i do n't know about you , but i 'm really tired tonight . 
 i would love to get some extra sleep , '' she said and yawned again . 
 `` can we talk more in the morning ? '' 
 `` of course , honey , just close your eyes and rest . 
 i 'll be here in the morning . 
 sweet dreams , '' buddy said . 
 mandy rolled over and curled up on her side facing away from buddy . 
 the last thing she remembered was the feel of buddy 's hand gently rubbing her back . 
 with a deep sigh , she fell asleep . 
 buddy watched her lying there , and then he drifted off to sleep . 
 about 3 hours later , mandy felt the vibration of her cell phone which she had tucked beside her on the bed . 
 she quietly picked it up . 
 quickly she climbed out of bed and hurried up the stairs . 
 `` hello , '' she whispered softly . 
 `` mandy , this is max . 
 the cattle truck is driving through the loading dock gate right now , '' max reported excitedly . 
 `` great ! 
 i 'll meet you there as soon as i can . 
 keep watch , and be careful to stay out of sight until we get there , '' mandy whispered . 
 she quickly called sheriff larson . 
 when he answered , she said , `` this is mandy turner . 
 the rustlers are at the loading dock right now . 
 i 'm getting ready to head out there now . 
 it 's time to catch those skunks . '' 
 sheriff larson said , `` we 'll be there in about twenty minutes . '' 
 `` great ! 
 i 'll meet you there . 
 remember to wait for the flash to grab the crooks . '' 
 mandy dialed robert 's phone and waited impatiently while it rang . 
 when he answered , she said , `` dad , the trap 's sprung . 
 the rustlers are here , and the sheriff is on the way . 
 i 'm getting ready to go . '' 
 robert said , `` wait for me at the corral . 
 i 'll get dressed and meet you there . '' 
 mandy quickly pulled on her darkest work clothes and boots . 
 she grabbed her holster and gun and buckled it around her waist . 
 she put her small binoculars and cell phone in her pocket and quickly tiptoed down the stairs . 
 the living room was dark and silent as she snuck out the front door . 
 buddy was half awake , lying in bed , listening to the muffled sounds . 
 when mandy got out of the bed , he felt her move away . 
 he lay in bed listening and waiting . 
 he watched her as she quietly snuck out of the house . 
 his mind was full of questions . 
 he had heard snatches of her words when she was talking on the cell phone . 
 `` i 'll meet you there . '' 
 `` who could she be meeting now in the middle of the night ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 he wondered . 
 mandy quickly saddled thunder . 
 robert ran from his house to the barn . 
 he saddled his horse and hurried to meet mandy . 
 from the living room window , buddy saw mandy hug a man . 
 then they mounted their horses and rode off into the darkness ; then they disappeared into the blackness of the night . 
 fully wake now , buddy used his arms to lean over and pull his wheelchair close to the bed . 
 carefully , he lowered himself onto the chair and pulled the blanket off his bed . 
 he struggled to move across the crowded room to position himself by the window . 
 once there , he wrapped the blanket around him as he sat staring out the window at the darkness outside . 
 when his eyes adjusted to the darkness , he saw the corral near the barn . 
 buck stood at the corral fence and stared off in the direction the other riders had gone . 
 robert and mandy galloped through the dark night . 
 the sky was filled with clouds , and there was just the sliver of moon that appeared and disappeared through the breaks in the clouds . 
 about one eighth of a mile from max 's vantage point , mandy and robert dismounted and led their horses up to his position . 
 robert and mandy tethered their horses nearby and then snuck up and crouched beside max . 
 in the darkness of the night , they heard and saw shadowy figures riding around moving the cattle into the loading pen . 
 one man stayed on his horse while the other two hurried to the gate and opened the chute that led up to the loading dock . 
 mandy could hear them shouting and urging the cattle to move along faster . 
 reaching into her jacket pocket , she retrieved a small pair of binoculars . 
 she strained to see if it was jason , but it was too dark to tell for sure . 
 mandy and robert scanned the fence line leading up to the gate . 
 a few minutes later , they saw three men outside the fence moving stealthily toward the gate . 
 when they were about ten feet from the gate , they crouched down behind some bushes and drew their guns . 
 mandy pointed them out to robert . 
 she felt relieved that sheriff larson and his deputies were in place and ready to spring the trap . 
 mandy was waiting until she was sure some of their cattle had been loaded into the cattle truck . 
 she silently signaled max and robert , and they all mounted their horses . 
 she slipped the binoculars into her jacket pocket . 
 she pulled out her cell phone . 
 she quietly moved out of her hiding place and slowly , silently moved forward through the darkness . 
 she raised her camera phone to her eye , aimed it at the cattle truck , and pushed the button . 
 suddenly a bright light flashed illuminating the corral area . 
 the men were startled and were momentarily blinded by the light . 
 they were anxiously searching for the light 's source . 
 she aimed at the man on the horse , pushed the button again , and saw a second flash light up the scene . 
 the last flash caught the two men on the ramp and loading dock , frozen in place . 
 by the time the third flash had exploded in the dark night , sheriff larson and his deputies had rounded the truck and had seized the two men on the loading dock . 
 max , robert , and mandy saw the man on horseback spin away and spur his horse into a gallop . 
 max and robert turned and rode toward him . 
 mandy noticed the rider had apparently seen them and changed direction and was angling away from robert and max . 
 taking that different angle , she was afraid he would get away . 
 mandy rode to intersect him and force him to change direction again . . 
 as she rode , she drew her gun and took aim at the rider . 
 as he got closer to her , mandy aimed her gun about three feet in front of his horse 's hooves and fired . 
 the blast shattered the silence of the night . 
 the bullet struck the ground in front of the horse 's front hooves and sent up a spray of dirt and rocks . 
 the horse , spooked by the noise and flying debris , reared wildly . 
 the man on the horse screamed as he flew off and slammed into the ground . 
 before he got to his feet , robert and max had captured him . 
 they dragged him back to the cattle truck where sheriff larson and his deputies had the other two men in handcuffs . 
 mandy rode thunder over to join the others at the truck . 
 before mandy rode up , sheriff larson turned on the truck 's headlights so he could clearly see who had been caught in mandy 's trap . 
 the first man was clayton gill , a high school dropout and a local trouble maker . 
 the second one , mandy recognized , was bradley james , the stocky guy who had been with jason at the branding iron bar . 
 when max and robert drug the last rustler into the headlights , mandy was thrilled to see jason burton being handcuffed . 
 jason looked up when mandy rode up on thunder . 
 his mouth dropped open when he recognized her . 
 mandy smiled at his look of anger and fear . 
 he was no longer the arrogant bully who had tried to rape her . 
 mandy still had her gun in her hand . 
 sheriff larson said , `` that was mighty fine shooting , mandy , but why did n't you shoot this sneaky skunk who 's been tormenting you ? 
 you could just as easily have killed him from where you were . 
 after all he 's done to harm you and your family , no one would have blamed you . '' 
 `` i know i could have killed him . 
 that would have been an easier shot for me . 
 i had him in my sights , but i 'm not a cold blooded killer . 
 for all the people he 's hurt over the years , he deserved to die , but that is not my job . 
 that 's up to a judge and jury . 
 let the law take care of him . 
 with these pictures i took as evidence , and all the witnesses here , even if his dad was a multi-millionaire or governor of the state , he ca n't intimidate or buy all of us off . 
 i just want him out of my life . 
 jason , i told you not to underestimate me . 
 i told you to stay off our land and to leave me and my family alone . 
 remember , jason , i let you live this time , but if there ever is a next time , i wo n't aim for the ground ! '' 
 mandy said seriously . 
 while they waited , the deputies retrieved the sheriff 's cars and brought them to the loading dock gate . 
 the deputies loaded the men into their cars and prepared to take them to jail . 
 before the sheriff got into his car to leave , he said , `` mandy and robert , could you be at my office about 3 pm tomorrow . 
 we have some things to discuss . '' 
 robert said , `` of course , we 'll be there . 
 thanks for believing mandy and for your help in catching these guys before they stole the rest of our cattle . '' 
 max , robert , and mandy mounted their horses and rode back across the range land to the ranch houses . 
 they rode quietly up to the barn and went inside . 
 once inside , they removed the saddles and took care of the horses . 
 when buddy heard the horses ride up to the barn , he watched mandy and two men get off their horses and hurry into the barn . 
 he had been awake sitting there in the dark , staring out the window since mandy had ridden away nearly three hours before . 
 he had been going crazy worrying about her and wondering what she was doing . 
 the thought of mandy sneaking out to meet another man was unthinkable . 
 he knew mandy loved him , but what had she been doing ? 
 what was going on ? '' 
 he asked himself . 
 max asked , `` it 's so late and cold outside , may i leave my horse here in your barn overnight ? 
 i 'll bring my horse trailer to get him tomorrow morning ? 
 robert answered , `` that sounds like a great idea . 
 there 's plenty of food and space for him anytime . 
 i really appreciate your help in solving this mystery . 
 leave him here as long as you want . '' 
 max secured his horse in a stall in the barn while mandy led thunder back to the corral where buck was waiting . 
 buddy saw mandy bring thunder over to the corral and put him inside . 
 buck came trotting up and neighed greeting to thunder . 
 robert and max walked over to the corral . 
 mandy was so happy and excited about the success of the plan that she threw her arms around max and gave him a big kiss on the cheek . 
 she did the same to robert . 
 mandy said , `` max , i owe you big time ! 
 a lot of the success of this plan is due to you . 
 your idea about putting the cattle by the loading dock drew them out . 
 without your being so faithful and observant , we would never have caught them . 
 if you still want to work and earn job experience credits and extra money , i know we can still use you . 
 if you want to , come in the morning about 6:30 and have breakfast with the family . 
 if you prefer , come later in the day . 
 we can work out hours and plans later '' . 
 next mandy hugged robert and kissed him on the cheek again . 
 `` i feel so relieved this is all over ! 
 when i recognized jason , i felt like shouting for joy ! 
 i 'm sure it is wrong to feel so happy about someone going to jail , but i still am thankful he will be out of my life . 
 now that we are back home , the adrenalin has stopped flowing . 
 my excitement has changed to relief and tiredness . 
 you guys must be tired , too . 
 i know i 'm exhausted ! 
 robert , i 'm afraid madge is worrying herself sick at your rushing off in the night . 
 it 's time for all of us to go home and get some rest . 
 dad , sleep in late if you want . 
 i 'm sure bill can get the important things done without your help . 
 thanks so much to both of you for believing in me . '' 
 now that the excitement was over , mandy 's adrenalin had rapidly worn off . 
 she felt a wave of exhaustion sweep over her body . 
 she quietly walked over to her house and stepped inside . 
 she had just tiptoed partway across the living room to the stairs , when buddy called out , `` where have you been , mandy ? '' 
 he switched on the lamp , and turned his wheelchair to look directly at her . 
 `` i saw you sneak out earlier and go riding off with that man . 
 now i see you come sneaking back in here after hugging and kissing him . 
 who is it , mandy ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 he asked brokenly . 
 mandy felt so tired and numb inside . 
 she walked back and opened the front door . 
 she whistled and called , `` come here . '' 
 she stood at the door until heavy boot steps echoed on the ramp . 
 she stepped aside and robert and max walked inside . 
 `` buddy , this man is max , our newest ranch hand . 
 the other man is your father . 
 i 've been out riding with them . 
 these are the two men i hugged and talked with at the corral , and i admit , i did kiss them on the cheek . 
 thanks , guys , '' she said . 
 `` go on home . 
 i 'm sure you 're as tired as i am . 
 i hope you can get some extra sleep . 
 see you in the morning , '' she added stifling a big yawn . 
 when they left , mandy closed the door . 
 `` i 'm sorry you lost so much sleep and were worried . 
 i did n't mean for you to see me leave . '' 
 mandy noticed she was still wearing her holster and gun . 
 she quickly unloaded the gun , put it back in the holster , and put both on the dining room table . 
 she noticed buddy 's startled look when she pulled the gun , but she was too tired to explain anything right then . 
 `` everything happened so quickly tonight , buddy ; there was no time to stop and explain anything . 
 i could n't tell you anything anyway , because i was afraid you 'd try to stop me or , worse yet , try to go with me and re-injure your back . 
 i could n't take a chance on that happening . 
 that 's why i snuck out . 
 i 'm sorry you lost so much sleep , '' mandy said , starting to cry . 
 `` can you trust me until tomorrow ? 
 if i promise to explain everything in the morning , will you just let me sleep beside you tonight ? '' 
 mandy begged . 
 `` mandy , you look exhausted . 
 just tell me this -- are you all right ? 
 if you are safe and well , just come to bed and let me hold you in my arms . 
 i was worried sick when you did n't come back for so long , '' buddy answered . 
 mandy stumbled over to the bed . 
 she helped move buddy back in bed . 
 she pulled off her shirt , boots , pants , and underwear . 
 she climbed in beside him and snuggled against him . 
 the sight and feel of her sweet innocence lying beside him drove all his doubts and fears away . 
 he held and kissed her gently . 
 she moved in his arms and returned his kisses and caresses . 
 she snuggled closer to him , sheltered in the safety of his embrace and fell into a deep exhausted sleep . 
 when they woke up in the morning , mandy began at the beginning and told him what had happened last night . 
 buddy listened mesmerized as the incredible story unfolded . 
 she told him about her discovery of the cattle theft and her plan with the sheriff to catch them . 
 she explained about max and the part he had played . 
 she dreaded telling him about jason 's harassment and how she had barely escaped his attempt to rape her . 
 buddy listened to that part with horror and growing rage . 
 he swore angrily and vowed to kill jason . 
 finally , she told buddy how the plan had worked , and how they had caught jason and two others red-handed trying to steal their cattle . 
 she explained her talk with sheriff larson and explained she was carrying a gun because of her fear of jason . 
 she answered buddy 's questions and reassured him that she was safe now and could finally relax and just take care of him . 
 finally , she apologized to buddy , `` i 'm sorry i kept all of this from you . 
 i wanted to tell you all about it , but you 've been so hurt and worried . 
 i just did n't want you to worry about all this stuff . 
 i did n't want anything to keep you from concentrating on getting well . 
 recently i told your father , and he helped catch the rustlers . 
 i hope you can forgive me for not telling you about this until afterwards . 
 when you are well again , i swear that i will not keep secrets from you . 
 i love you , buddy , and i ask you to forgive me and trust me , '' mandy begged . 
 `` mandy , my precious mandy , i 'm so sorry you carried all of this by yourself . 
 even though i can say that you should have told me , i do n't know if i could have rested or handled things knowing you were in danger . 
 honey , i know you love me , and you put my health and safety above your own . 
 there is nothing for me to forgive . 
 you are my wife , and i thank god every day for you being in my life . 
 i 've been so blessed by god . 
 thank you , my love and my wife , '' buddy whispered . 
 by noon , the whole story of the rustlers had been told and retold until everyone on the ranch knew what had happened . 
 bill and max came in and joined the family for breakfast . 
 max and bill carried buddy 's wheelchair up the steps into the main house to join the others for breakfast . 
 it was a time of happy celebration for everyone . 
 after much talking , the adults gradually left to go about their daily activities . 
 melanie and the kids went home . 
 the kids were so excited that melanie let them stay home from school with her . 
 about 2 pm , melanie and the kids went to stay with buddy while mandy and robert drove to ventana to the sheriff 's office . 
 when they walked inside , the office 's waiting room was crowded with men . 
 everyone was wondering what the emergency meeting was all about . 
 the men greeted robert warmly with handshakes . 
 at 2:30 sheriff larson led them into the conference room . 
 after the men were seated , sheriff larson said , `` some of you may have already guessed why i called this meeting . 
 i appreciate how many of you were able to meet on such short notice . 
 after talking to many of you over the last month , i know a few of you have already figured out you are missing cattle . 
 some of you may not even know you have been robbed . 
 recently i learned we had a gang of rustlers operating in this area . 
 the rustlers were very clever and patient , because they did n't steal the whole herd at one time . 
 they just took small groups that might not be noticed as missing . '' 
 the ranchers began talking excitedly about the news . 
 the sheriff called for attention . 
 he said , `` i have great news ! 
 last night , we captured the rustlers . 
 after searching their local ranch lands , we found almost 500 head of cattle on their land that carried some of your brands plus many that have obviously already been rebranded . 
 all of you who have lost cattle will get your cattle back after we get pictures and counts for evidence purposes . '' 
 the ranchers all began talking at once again . 
 the sheriff called for attention . 
 `` gentlemen , i ca n't take the credit for catching the rustlers . 
 the person who discovered the problem , created the plan , and caught them red-handed is the beautiful young woman sitting beside robert turner . 
 she is the daughter of wayne dalton , one of my former deputies . 
 her name is amanda turner , buddy turner 's young bride . '' 
 the men turned in astonishment and stared at mandy . 
 she blushed scarlet at being the center of their attention . 
 the sheriff briefly told them what she had observed and how she had brought the plan to him . 
 he explained that the rustlers had been caught last night while they were attempting to steal more cattle from robert turner 's ranch . 
 `` who 's been stealing from us ? '' 
 one of the ranchers asked . 
 sheriff larson said , `` the men we caught last night are all local men . 
 they are clayton gill , bradley james , and jason burton . '' 
 when jason 's name was mentioned , several clapped . 
 one man said , `` it 's about time that the burtons ' get what they deserve . 
 jason 's always got away with too much because of his dad 's money and powerful position in this county . 
 old man burton 's been buying up ranches in this county that had gone broke during the last few years . 
 he always seemed to know who was having money trouble . 
 now that we know that jason has been stealing our cattle , i 'll bet they were in it together . '' 
 the sheriff called for order . 
 `` we do n't have enough evidence to prove that bill burton is involved , but we are looking into it . 
 another thing , '' the sheriff said , `` after i told the cattlemen 's association about the possible cattle theft , they offered a generous reward for the arrest and conviction of the rustlers . 
 for the work she did , the reward will be awarded to amanda turner once the men are convicted . 
 with six eyewitnesses to the theft and the pictures mandy took of them , i 'm sure they will all be convicted . '' 
 `` even old man burton does n't have enough money to get jason off this time ! 
 now the rest of us can stop worrying about our cattle and our daughters , '' one man laughed . 
 several others laughed and whooped their pleasure . 
 mandy was totally shocked by the news about the reward . 
 she stood up quickly and said , `` i do n't want the reward money . 
 i 'd like to have it divided among all the ranchers who have lost cattle . 
 this economy has hit all of us hard . 
 even though we may get our cattle back , we all probably lost some that have already been sold and are long gone . 
 if it 's okay with robert , i want the reward split equally among the ranchers who were victims of theft . 
 i 'd like our share to go to the two young men who helped us catch the rustlers . '' 
 robert quickly said , `` i agree with mandy . 
 let the reward be split evenly . '' 
 after the meeting ended , the ranchers gathered around mandy and shook her hand . 
 on the drive home , mandy apologized to robert . 
 `` i 'm sorry i spoke up about the reward . 
 that was actually money for the turner ranch . 
 i should n't have spoken for you . '' 
 `` do n't be silly , mandy . 
 you figured it out , you made the plan , and you helped catch them . 
 i did n't even know we 'd lost cattle . 
 it was your plan , and it 's your reward . 
 i 'm glad you suggested dividing it with the other ranchers , '' robert said . 
 `` i am so proud of you ! '' 
 chapter 16 the exciting news seemed to boost buddy 's spirits . 
 he continued working even harder on his physical therapy exercises than before . 
 he was determined to get well as soon as possible . 
 jody brought some new devices for his physical therapy exercises . 
 she showed buddy and mandy how to use the different lengths of stretch bands to rebuild his weakened arm and leg muscles . 
 buddy worked diligently with them while jody was there . 
 later on , mandy helped him when he wanted to use them again . 
 little by little , buddy 's body filled out . 
 his arm and leg muscles grew stronger . 
 his chest and abdomen became firm and well defined . 
 it was a gradual process , but each day he was able to do a little more than the day before . 
 based on jody 's assessment of his progress , dr. owens said that buddy could remove the back brace as long as he did not try to lift heavy objects , twist quickly , or bend sharply . 
 the one thing that weighed heavily on his mind was that his legs had never moved spontaneously . 
 the physical therapist still moved his legs manually . 
 she encouraged him to try to concentrate and order his mind to make the muscles obey his commands . 
 so far , he had not been able to make them move on his command . 
 although buddy continued working hard , he was growing more frustrated , worried , and discouraged . 
 mandy kept praying for complete healing and encouraged him to just keep trying . 
 one night , after an extremely strenuous exercise session , mandy massaged buddy 's neck , shoulders , and arms . 
 she finished by rubbing in a warm oily lotion over his upper body . 
 `` thanks , mandy , i love the way your touch makes me feel . 
 it relaxes me and feels so wonderful ; i hate when you stop , '' buddy said . 
 `` you worked so hard today , let me give your legs the same treatment . 
 it could n't hurt anything , and it might help you feel more relaxed , '' mandy suggested . 
 `` that sounds wonderful to me . 
 if you do n't mind doing it , i 'd love it , '' buddy sighed . 
 mandy moved down and began with buddy 's feet . 
 she removed his shoes and socks and washed them with warm soapy water . 
 next she rinsed and dried them . 
 after that , she began massaging them with warm oil . 
 she finally wrapped them in warm towels . 
 when she moved up to his ankles and thighs , she repeated the process . 
 she rubbed his calves , gently kneaded them until she felt the tightness relax . 
 she moved up to his knees and thighs . 
 she massaged his upper legs , being careful when she reached where his broken femur had been repaired . 
 the incision had healed nicely with just a small scar . 
 mandy removed the warm towels from his feet , poured heated oil on his calves and began rubbing it into his skin . 
 when she was massaging the warm lotion on his calves and knees , she felt a tense knot behind his knee . 
 she put more warm oil on her hand and began applying firmer pressure where the nerve and muscle were attached to the bone . 
 gradually she felt it loosen . 
 she pressed harder on the spot , and she thought she felt a slight movement . 
 it had been so small mandy was n't sure if it had really moved or if she had just imagined it . 
 she applied more heated lotion and a firmer pressure again . 
 this time she watched carefully , and she saw his leg muscle moving . 
 quickly she moved to another area and began rubbing the warm lotion in with firmer pressure , concentrating on the point where the nerve and muscle met the bone . 
 when she applied firmer pressure , she watched with growing excitement as the muscle moved in response to her touch . 
 when she applied firm pressure to his calf again , his ankle definitely flexed . 
 mandy felt growing excitement , but she did n't want to get buddy 's hopes up unless she was sure it was really moving on its own . 
 when mandy moved her hand and massaged his inner thigh , she saw his leg move , but what caught her attention most was when she saw his penis also moved . 
 `` buddy , can you feel me touching you here ? '' 
 she asked as she pressed the spot again . '' 
 yes , i feel you touching me , but some sensations are stronger and feel different than the others , '' he said . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 `` wait a minute . 
 i want you to see something , '' mandy said . 
 mandy got up , turned the crank on the bed , and raised the head section . 
 she helped move buddy up into a semi-sitting position . 
 `` i want you to see something . 
 watch carefully when i press here . '' 
 she said . 
 when she applied firm pressure on his thigh , his leg moved again . 
 she pressed on his ankle and his foot moved up . 
 `` did you see that , buddy ? 
 your nerves work ; your muscles work , too . 
 the connections are intact . 
 you 're going to walk again . 
 i just know you are going to get well ! 
 it may take more time and work , but you 're going to get well ! '' 
 mandy cried with tears of joy running down her cheeks . 
 buddy looked down and noticed his left foot was twitching . 
 he concentrated all his attention , ordered his foot to stop moving , and it stopped . 
 he concentrated on his knee , willing it to flex , and slowly it began to bend . 
 like a little kid with a new toy , buddy tried moving other parts of his legs . 
 `` i can do it , mandy ! 
 i made them move ! 
 i 'm going to recover , and it 's all because of you . 
 i just needed your special touch to awaken my body . 
 i 'm so happy , i feel like dancing ! 
 will you dance with me ? '' 
 he asked excitedly . 
 `` anytime and anywhere you want me to , '' mandy laughed , `` i want the first dance with you , and every dance after that one , too . '' 
 buddy grabbed her and lifted her onto his lap . 
 he pulled her close and kissed her passionately , joyfully , and gratefully . 
 mandy eagerly responded to his kisses . 
 playfully , she reached down and touched his penis . 
 `` you 're going to be able to do a lot more than just dance , '' mandy giggled . 
 buddy looked down with amazement when he felt and saw it moving . 
 `` wow , i saw that , and i felt it , too ! . 
 i ca n't wait until i can make love to you . 
 it 's been so long since i 've felt you that way , honey . 
 i 've missed it , and i have wanted you so much ! '' 
 he whispered longingly . 
 `` you might not have to wait much longer , '' mandy whispered back . 
 she slid off his lap , bent down , and drew him into her mouth . 
 he gasped with pleasure and lay back feeling the amazing sensations . 
 his body began moving in response to her touches . 
 it seemed like his body had been asleep waiting for the magic of her loving touch . 
 slowly mandy loved him with tender gentle kisses and caresses . 
 she continued loving and kissing him until he gasped with pleasure . 
 she felt his body shudder , and , once again , he knew the awesome feel of sexual release . 
 afterwards , she got up and lowered the head of the bed . 
 she quickly undressed and snuggled next to his relaxed body . 
 later that night , they fell asleep in each other 's arms . 
 when jody arrived for physical therapy the next afternoon , buddy and mandy told her that buddy 's legs had begun moving . 
 jody was so excited she called and reported it to dr. owens . 
 he modified the physical therapy treatment to include electric stimulation . 
 jody brought in a tens unit , a small electronic device that could administer measured electric charges to targeted areas . 
 as the voltage increased , buddy 's muscles began twitching and moving . 
 using the devise , buddy began relearning how to control his muscles movements . 
 `` this is an amazing recovery ! 
 it 's almost like your muscles are just beginning to wake up . 
 this proves your spinal cord is intact . 
 we need to continue working on getting your brain to control your muscle movements . 
 this is just like a miracle ! '' 
 she enthused . 
 buddy looked at mandy , winked and whispered , `` yeah , '' he said , `` it 's almost like the sleeping beauty story in reverse . 
 i 'm the sleeping prince , and you 're my beautiful princess with her special magical kiss and touch . '' 
 mandy blushed and turned away , but buddy saw her shoulders were shaking with silent laughter . 
 later that afternoon , mandy rolled buddy up the new ramp into robert and madge 's kitchen . 
 when they shared the news about buddy 's legs moving , everyone began cheering and clapping . 
 they hugged each other and praised and thanked god for buddy 's miraculous recovery , the next week , jody brought in some new therapy equipment . 
 max and bill helped move some furniture out onto the porch . 
 they carried some large crates inside and helped assemble the new machines . 
 first they set up a recumbent bicycle . 
 next they assembled a machine that looked like a treadmill with long , sturdy rails that extended along both sides . 
 `` the recumbent bicycle will help you strengthen your leg muscles . 
 the faster we get your leg muscles strong enough to fully support your weight , the sooner you will be on your feet again . 
 dr. owens decided to have you begin putting some weight on your legs as your muscles get stronger . 
 the other equipment will help steady and support you when you begin to learn how to balance and walk again . 
 then he will start relearning how to walk normally , '' jody explained . 
 `` let 's get started ! '' 
 buddy said . 
 `` i 'm tired of sitting around ! 
 just tell me what to do first . '' 
 jody helped buddy get on the recumbent bicycle . 
 she showed him how to adjust the tension . 
 `` in the beginning , you may have to use your hands and arms to push the legs . 
 hopefully , in a short time , your muscles will begin to start relearning the movement and nerve commands . 
 as you pedal , concentrate on sending signals to your leg muscles . 
 after some practice and repetitions , your legs will begin moving spontaneously without you having to concentrate as much . 
 they will relearn the normal movements , '' jody explained . 
 she strapped buddy 's feet onto the pedals . 
 buddy started slowly pushing the legs . 
 he learned how to do it quickly and smiled with happiness . 
 within two weeks buddy had ridden the bike more than 600 miles , according to the bike 's odometer . 
 gradually he was able to begin moving the pedals without using his hands . 
 his muscles were beginning to follow his nerves ' signals . 
 he kept working harder and harder . 
 he was determined to be walking before his wedding anniversary . 
 he wanted to be able to walk and dance with mandy by that time . 
 since buddy still was n't able to put full weight on his legs , mandy helped him get from his wheelchair onto the bike and then help him back into his wheelchair . 
 two weeks later , when buddy wanted to ride the bike after dinner , mandy put her arms around buddy and got ready to move him from the wheelchair onto the bicycle seat . 
 buddy put his arms around her neck , and she braced herself to lift him up . 
 he felt lighter than usual . 
 she looked down and realized he was supporting his own weight . 
 smugly , he pivoted and sat down on the bike seat . 
 `` how long have you been able to do that ? '' 
 mandy asked . 
 `` well , about a week , '' he answered sheepishly . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 mandy asked `` well , to be truthful , i really like feeling my arms around you and having your arms around me . 
 i figured if you knew i could do it by myself , you 'd stop holding me that way , '' he admitted with a sheepish grin . 
 `` you old fraud ! 
 all you have to do is ask me , and i 'll hold you anytime you want me to , '' she scolded him . 
 within a couple of weeks , he was standing unsupported . 
 the next step was getting his leg muscles to work together . 
 they began using the machine with the support rails . 
 he started with a few awkward steps . 
 within a week , he was easily walking back and forth . 
 mandy felt like she was walking on clouds . 
 buddy was getting his strength back . 
 he had lost his worried expression , and good humor replaced his seriousness . 
 the afternoon when buddy walked beside mandy to eat supper at his parent 's house was another milestone day . 
 it seemed like each day he was growing stronger . 
 mandy 's prayers were filled with thanksgiving and praise . 
 at supper that night mandy came face-to-face with her last secret . 
 things had been so full of happiness for her that she had forgotten the last lie that still needed to be revealed . 
 when robert led the family prayer before the meal , he echoed the feelings of the whole turner family . 
 `` dear heavenly father , we thank you and praise you for all things that are in our lives . 
 we especially thank you for healing buddy and for allowing him to walk again . 
 thank you for this family 's love for each other and thank you again for bringing mandy into our family . 
 help us all to be honest and loving in everything we do . 
 bless this food and all who are gathered here today . 
 in jesus name we pray , amen . '' 
 it was a joyous occasion with lots of happy talk and delicious food . 
 mandy joined in with the others ' `` amen '' , but robert 's request that everyone be honest was like cold water being splashed on her . 
 she suddenly remembered her promise to robert that she would tell buddy about her financial condition when he was well again . 
 she had been so happy seeing buddy steadily get better ; she had pushed her promise out of her mind . 
 mandy thought , `` it seems that god wants me to keep my promise to tell buddy the whole truth now that he is well . '' 
 the thought of admitting the lies or half-truths to buddy filled her with nervousness . 
 after everyone was comfortably full , madge asked robert , `` have you received any bills from the hospital or the doctors for buddy 's care ? '' 
 robert looked startled . 
 he shook his head and said , `` no . '' 
 he looked quickly around and locked eyes with mandy . 
 `` then we have a mystery on our hands . '' 
 madge continued , `` this afternoon , i called the hospital business office to see how much we owed and to try to set up a payment plan . 
 the clerk looked up his account . 
 she came back and said that it had been paid in full . 
 there 's nothing left to pay . 
 i asked her how it had been paid . 
 she checked with her supervisor . 
 when the supervisor came on the phone , she assured me that there was no balance on the account . 
 she said all the bills had already been paid . 
 i asked who paid them , but she said the ledger does n't show who paid it , but we do n't owe them anything . '' 
 melanie said , `` that 's really weird . 
 i know i did n't pay it . 
 i can barely cover my monthly bills . '' 
 robert said , `` that is strange , but , if there is a mistake , i 'm sure the truth will come out sooner or later . 
 until we hear anything different , let 's not worry about that until we have to . '' 
 while they were talking , mandy got up and quietly began clearing away the dishes . 
 she took them into the kitchen and filled the sink with hot soapy water . 
 she put the glasses and plates in to soak . 
 then she returned to the dining room table and got the rest of the dishes . 
 she heard buddy ask , `` could it be your homeowners or medical insurance that paid it ? '' 
 `` no , '' robert said , `` our homeowner 's policy only pays $ 10,000 per accident , and we cancelled our medical insurance last fall when we did n't have the cash to pay the premium . 
 let 's just wait until they discover their mistake , if there is one , and we 'll face it then . 
 i 'm sure the truth will come out in god 's time , '' robert added , glancing quickly at mandy . 
 while at the kitchen sink , mandy remembered her promise to robert that once buddy was well , she would tell him the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . 
 mandy washed and rinsed the glasses ; then she began washing the dishes . 
 she rinsed them , dried them , and put them in the cupboard . 
 finally she scrubbed the pots and pans `` i have to come clean with buddy now . 
 because of me , robert is lying and is keeping secrets from madge , '' mandy thought guiltily . 
 when buddy walked up behind her and put his arms around her , mandy nearly dropped the last pan she was washing . 
 `` i think we 'd better head home . 
 i 'm getting a little tired , and i need to rest a little while , '' buddy said . 
 `` buddy , i ca n't believe you 're actually standing here with me . 
 it 's a miracle ! '' 
 mandy said happily taking his arm . 
 `` i 'm ready to go when you are . '' 
 `` mandy , you did n't need to wash the dishes . 
 i could have done them later , '' madge said . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 after eating that scrumptious piece of apple pie , i decided i needed to stand up for a while . 
 doing the dishes gave me a good excuse , '' she lied . 
 mandy blushed when she realized that she had just told another lie . 
 holding mandy 's arm , buddy carefully walked down the ramp . 
 `` let 's make a detour . 
 i want to say goodnight to buck and thunder . '' 
 they walked together in silence . 
 buck and thunder came trotting over at buddy 's whistle . 
 they each fed apple slices to the two horses . 
 when the treats were gone , the horses wandered off . 
 moonlight streamed through the trees while they watched the horses moving effortlessly through the shadows . 
 buddy sighed with contentment . 
 he hugged mandy and led her back to their house . 
 once inside the house , buddy put his arms around mandy and kissed her slowly . 
 `` can we go upstairs and sleep in our bedroom ? 
 i 've been practicing steps in my physical therapy . 
 it seems like a lifetime ago that we slept together in our own bed , '' buddy asked shyly . 
 `` lead the way , buddy . 
 i 'll follow you anywhere , '' mandy whispered . 
 after they were upstairs , buddy sat down on the bed and pulled her down on his lap . 
 `` do you remember before we got married , we promised to always tell each other the truth , even if the other person might not want to hear it ? '' 
 buddy asked slowly . 
 `` yes , i remember that . 
 telling the truth about our feelings was what finally got us to admit our love for each other . 
 the truth brought us together , and , hopefully , it will keep us together , '' mandy answered . 
 `` i did a lot of thinking while i was in the hospital . 
 i realized i had n't been totally honest with you before and even after we got married . 
 i want to get it off my chest , so i 'll have no lies or half-truths between us , '' buddy said . 
 mandy held her breath waiting to hear what buddy was talking about . 
 `` mandy , i tried to fool you by putting on a show to make you think i was well-off . 
 i talked like my parents and i were doing very well . 
 i was self-conscious , because we 've never made much money ranching . 
 we did n't really have any money to speak of . 
 we just had the ranch and lots of love . 
 that was why i chose the las palmas resort for our honeymoon , just to impress you . 
 all the turner family has ever really had is the land and the love that we share . 
 i hope you can forgive me for trying to fool you about that , '' buddy apologized . 
 mandy breathed a sigh of relief . 
 she gently touched his face and kissed him tenderly . 
 `` buddy , there is nothing to forgive . 
 love is all that i ever really wanted or needed from you . 
 i found everything i ever wanted and needed in your loving arms and in your wonderful family . '' 
 `` i want us to always be honest and trust in our love to see us through everything . 
 is there anything you have n't told me about ? 
 i love you with all my heart , and i want us to start now with a clean slate , '' buddy said . 
 mandy looked at the floor for a moment , then she looked into his loving eyes . 
 `` yes , buddy , there are some things that i need to tell you . 
 i started to tell you a long time ago , but you interrupted me , and then i just let you go on believing something that was n't really true . 
 after a while , i did n't know how to straighten it out . '' 
 `` mandy , just tell me everything . 
 no secrets or half-truths . 
 do n't you realize i love you so much that nothing could ever change my love for you . 
 you saw me , loved me , and took care of me with such sweet , patient love when i was at the lowest point of my life . 
 when i was helpless and could n't do anything for myself , you stood by me and loved me . 
 i love you and trust you with all my heart . 
 nothing can harm our love and marriage . 
 trust me , darling , '' buddy begged . 
 `` i do trust you , and i do want you to know everything . 
 now that you have completely recovered , there are some things that i need to tell you about . 
 buddy , this goes back to when we first met . 
 when you met me , i was traveling around in my old clunker with all my clothes and possessions in the back seat and trunk . 
 i think you and melanie saw that and thought i was jobless , poor , and homeless . 
 that was n't completely true , but i let you believe it . 
 it was true that i did n't have a job or a permanent home , but i never was as poor as you thought , '' mandy paused . 
 `` go on , mandy . 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` after the accident that killed jerry and the kids , my thinking was really messed up . 
 i knew , no matter what , i had to get away from jerry 's parents and the place and the bad memories . 
 the pastor at the church i attended recommended a local christian attorney . 
 i went to see him , and he helped me with the funeral arrangements and all the other things that had to be done . 
 since jerry and i were legally married for eight years , and he had no living children , all of his property and belongings went to me , because we lived in a community property state , just like this one . 
 he helped arrange the sale of the furniture and household items , and since then he has handled all the other legal matters for me . 
 i had the money from the sale of household belongings , farm equipment , and vehicles put onto a prepaid credit card . 
 i bought an old car , packed everything i wanted to take with me in it , and just started driving . 
 i had been travelling for nearly six months when i finally came to carmelita . '' 
 `` i remember you telling me you had been travelling for a while . 
 you 're right . 
 i did see your old car and all the stuff in it , and i thought you were homeless , lost and hurting . 
 after talking to you and going to the cemetery with you that afternoon , i knew i wanted to take care of you , '' buddy admitted . 
 `` after i left the state , my attorney took care of the life insurance settlements , and the lawsuit with the utility company . 
 over the months since i left there and the time i have been here , he has received the insurance settlement checks and has settled the lawsuits with out of court settlements . 
 i did n't know until long after you were injured how much money i had . 
 i am still living off the original money on the prepaid credit card , and i still have a lot of money left on it . 
 that was what i used to pay for our wedding . 
 i figured when i needed more money , i would call the attorney and see what i had . 
 after hearing your parents talking about their money problems and worrying about how they were going to pay for your medical care , i overheard them talking about mortgaging or selling the ranch . '' 
 buddy sat quietly listening to her . 
 he squeezed mandy 's hand and smiled encouraging her to go on . 
 `` what happened then ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` that was when i finally called my attorney and learned how much money i have . '' 
 mandy explained . 
 `` when he told me how much money i had in the bank , it blew me away ! 
 by then he had settled the lawsuits and collected the insurance settlements . 
 we had also received an offer on the ranch that i had listed for sale . 
 i did n't then , and i still do n't care about the money , but i was so thankful that i had enough to pay for your medical care and to help your parents . 
 all i wanted was for you to get well and walk again . 
 because i remembered too well how you had reacted when i paid for the wedding costs and our stay at bear lake resort , i was afraid to tell you about the money . 
 still , i did n't want you or your parents worrying about the bills or money , so i arranged for all the medical and hospital bills to be paid out of the insurance settlements and i paid off the back payments on this ranch you all love so much . 
 i love it , too . 
 please , do n't ask how much the medical bills were , because i do n't know exactly how much they were , and to be truthful , i do n't care . 
 i am just so thrilled and overjoyed that i could get you the best care possible . 
 having you here with me now , alive and well , is more important to me than all the money in the world . 
 everything is paid for now , and i still have more money than i , or rather we , could spend in a lifetime , '' mandy explained . 
 buddy kissed her hand and smiled at her . 
 mandy continued , `` later on , all the things here began piling up on me . 
 i was so terrified when jason tried to rape me , but i could n't or would n't tell you while you were already so worried and down . 
 i finally talked to robert and told him about the rustlers and the sheriff and the money . 
 sharing those burdens with him , i felt such a sense of relief . 
 i wanted to tell you everything , but you were still struggling and feeling so discouraged , i decided not to tell you then . 
 i promised robert that i would tell you as soon as you were well . 
 thanks to god 's miracle , you are well , and now i have told you , '' mandy confessed . 
 buddy looked deep into her eyes . 
 `` is that all you 've kept from me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , that is the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . 
 no more secrets or lies ever between us . '' 
 mandy promised . 
 `` mandy , my sweet wife , i am so sorry you carried the weight of my injury and my family 's money troubles on your beautiful shoulders . 
 i loved you totally before the accident , and nothing can ever make me love you less . 
 after the loving way you took care of me , i love you even more now . 
 god blessed me with the most wonderful , loving woman to be my wife . 
 i wo n't ask about the medical bills , but will you tell me how much money you 're talking about ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i really do have more than i can count , '' she said honestly . 
 `` after paying off all the medical bills , i had about $ 3,460,000 in the bank . 
 each day i just learned that it is earning interest , too , so it just keeps growing . 
 the last time i talked to my attorney , he told me the ranch had finally been sold for $ 3,700,000 after paying off the old mortgage on the ranch , i had almost . 
 $ 2,000,000 capital gain . 
 that means we have almost $ 6,000,000 in the bank right now . 
 i 'm not sure how much taxes and other fees might come out of that , but that 's still more than i can comprehend . '' 
 buddy gasped and his mouth dropped open . 
 `` wait , there is one other thing , '' mandy interrupted , `` i asked your dad if i could invest some money in the turner ranch . 
 he said he would n't make any decision about that without discussing it with you , melanie , and madge . 
 i love you and your family , and i want to live here with you forever . 
 i 'm hoping he 'll let me invest some money in the ranch . 
 i 'd love to see this ranch growing and prospering , so it will always stay in your family . '' 
 `` this is so much to take in . 
 i am bowled over by this , '' buddy stammered . 
 `` buddy , i know you fell in love with a poor homeless woman . 
 can you still love me and accept me now that you know i 'm rich ? 
 actually , since this is a community property state , legally half of everything is already yours . 
 that means we are both equally rich , '' mandy giggled . 
 buddy sat for a minute , silently taking in all the information . 
 finally he looked at mandy and said , `` well , you accepted me and married me even though you learned my real name is donald lee turner . 
 i guess i can accept you and love you even if you are a millionaire . 
 i 'm sure i can love a rich woman as long as that rich woman is you , amanda turner , '' buddy chuckled , pulling her down on his lap and kissing her eagerly . 
 later as they snuggled together in their cozy four poster bed , mandy said , `` this feels like our wedding night -- only we are in our own bed together , and i love you so much more than i did back them . 
 i have missed you so much . 
 i have dreamed about you holding me and making love to me for such a long time now , '' she sighed . 
 buddy chuckled , `` i remember that first time so well . 
 it was amazing . 
 this is almost like our wedding night all over again , but it 's even better now . 
 i have grown to know you , trust you , and love you even more through these long months while you took such great care of me after my accident . 
 you showed me a love stronger than i even knew existed . 
 tonight i 'm going to start making all your hopes and dreams come true . 
 come to me , mandy , i want you and need you now , '' he whispered brokenly . 
 with trembling hands , he slipped her nightgown off and tossed it on the floor . 
 he pulled her naked body against him . 
 his mouth sought hers , and he kissed her with all the love and desire he felt . 
 eagerly they kissed , touched , explored , and caressed each other . 
 mandy moved her legs apart inviting him to come into her . 
 he felt her growing desire for him . 
 he moved over her and entered her waiting body . 
 he began moving slowly , deliberately holding back while she came alive in his arms . 
 he united with her with all the love and passion that had built up in them since his accident . 
 they remained together until they both felt complete joy and total satisfaction . 
 afterwards they lay locked in the oneness and love that only a husband and wife can share . 
 they snuggled together relaxed and totally fulfilled . 
 `` thank you , buddy , for loving me and sharing your life and family with me . 
 because of you , i found more than i dared to dream existed . 
 you gave me a place to belong , a place to feel safe and loved . 
 in your arms , i found all this and so much more here with you . '' 
 she snuggled against him and enjoyed the pleasures and deepest desires again . 
 gradually buddy grew stronger and was back doing all his regular activities , including riding buck and helping run the ranch . 
 with max and bill still working part time on the ranch , life was much easier for everyone . 
 as a family , the decision was made to accept mandy 's offer to invest in the ranch . 
 they updated and enlarged the barns and bought more cattle . 
 some long desired and much needed repairs were made to the houses . 
 each person got newer vehicles to drive . 
 robert and buddy chose new pickups with four wheel drive . 
 melanie bought a suv for herself and her children . 
 madge selected a sedan . 
 mandy was n't sure what to buy , so she decided to keep her clunker until she figured out what she wanted . 
 buddy and mandy set up trust funds for each of melanie 's children 's education . 
 a couple of months later , the cattle that were ready to be sold had been separated and had been shipped off to market . 
 the ranch was running smoothly . 
 one day when the weather was unusually warm for a fall day , buddy and mandy decided to go out on a leisurely ride together . 
 they packed a picnic lunch , saddled and mounted buck and thunder , and headed out early for a quiet day together . 
 they rode slowly enjoying the early morning sunshine . 
 the leaves on the trees were just beginning to change from green to gold and red . 
 mandy breathed in the fresh air and sighed happily . 
 buddy looked happy and relaxed as they rode along . 
 he was still careful to avoid the danger of re-injuring his back , but he felt confident and at ease in the saddle . 
 when mandy looked over at him , she felt a surge of love and pride , and she smiled at him . 
 `` buddy , did you hear jason and the other two rustlers plead guilty . 
 jason 's father refused to try to get him out of this mess , so he is finally getting what 's coming to him , '' mandy said . 
 `` jason could n't get enough time to satisfy me . 
 i hate him for daring to touch you and trying to rape you , '' buddy spat out angrily . 
 `` i just thank god that he got caught and is out of our lives . 
 do n't hate him . 
 it will only make you bitter and unhappy . 
 well , buddy , as you know rustling in a cattle community is n't taken lightly . 
 they each got the maximum sentence . 
 he 'll be an old man before he gets out , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm glad you did n't have to go through a trial and all the stress again . 
 i 'm just thankful he is out of our life . 
 i know god says we have to forgive others , but it is easier to do that knowing he is locked away , '' buddy admitted . 
 the horses picked their way across the range land . 
 buddy led the way up into the hilly section that had a large stand of pine and cedar trees . 
 as they climbed up the hill , the aroma of cedar and pine filled the air . 
 mandy breathed deeply and realized where buddy was taking her . 
 she thought back to the time when she had broken down and told buddy about her life in montana . 
 she was amazed at how much had happened in the months since they had first gone to buddy 's favorite place on the ranch . 
 they followed the stream that fed into the pooled area surrounded by the boulders where she had stood with buddy on that special day nearly a year before when they had shared their first real kisses . 
 buddy dismounted and lifted mandy down beside him . 
 he tethered the horses . 
 he kept his arms around her shoulders and walked over to the place where he had held her close and shared that first special kiss . 
 `` we 've come a long ways since that amazing kiss , mandy . 
 i ca n't begin to tell you how much i love you ! 
 i love you a hundred times more now that i did then , '' buddy said . 
 he pulled her into his arms and kissed her again . 
 mandy melted into his embrace and returned his kiss . 
 gradually he released her and led her over to the edge of the pool . 
 `` i 'll never forget that special day with you , buddy . 
 you were so gentle and compassionate with me that day . 
 i knew i had found someone i could trust . 
 that was an amazing feeling for me after my experience in montana . 
 that may be why i broke down and told you about my past . 
 instead of turning away from me , you held me and comforted me . 
 i will never forget how precious you were then , and you are even more wonderful now than then . 
 i am so happy that god led me to your arms . 
 i love you so much , buddy , '' mandy confessed . 
 `` i love you , too , my precious wife . 
 you have made my life complete , and i am so blessed by god to have you as my wife , my love , my joy , and my helpmate . 
 i am so thankful for all you did to help me recover . 
 i wanted so much to share this place with you again . 
 without your love and care , i do n't think i would have recovered enough to be able to come here with you again . 
 without you , i would have given up and died , '' buddy said . 
 mandy sat down on the rock and said quietly , `` come and sit here with me again . 
 this place holds special memories for me . 
 i can still remember the sweet tenderness and the hint of deep love and passion in our first real kiss here . 
 i know now this is where i started falling in love with you . 
 in some ways , it seems like years ago , but i remember it like it happened yesterday . '' 
 `` that was about a year ago , mandy . 
 i am still planning on taking you out dancing next month for our first anniversary . 
 so much has happened to us during our first year of marriage . 
 every day i love you more than the day before , '' buddy said . 
 buddy sat beside her and put his arm around her shoulders . 
 she sighed happily and leaned back against him . 
 buddy touched her face and kissed her tenderly . 
 `` buddy , '' she began slowly , `` i need to talk to you about something very important . 
 i 'm so glad you brought me here today , because i really need to tell you something , and i 'm not sure how to say it . 
 i do n't ever want to keep secrets from you again , '' mandy said softly . 
 buddy looked down at her serious expression and asked anxiously , `` mandy , is it bad news or another secret ? '' 
 `` well , i hope you wo n't think it 's bad news , but , right now , it is a secret , '' she replied with a blush . 
 `` you can tell me anything , mandy . 
 whatever it is , we can handle it together , '' buddy reassured her . 
 `` yesterday while i was running errands in town , i stopped to see dr. jones , '' mandy said . 
 `` are you sick ? '' 
 buddy interrupted her anxiously . 
 `` no , not really . 
 i just need to tell you what he said , '' mandy paused , searching for the right words to say . 
 `` i do n't know how to tell you , '' she stammered . 
 `` mandy , just tell me . 
 i love you . 
 no matter what it is , we will face it together . '' 
 `` buddy , i 'm pregnant ! 
 we 're going to have a baby in about seven months . 
 you 're going to be a father ! 
 i 'm going to have your baby ! '' 
 she blurted out . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , the pregnancy test yesterday confirmed it . 
 i missed my last period , but i had n't thought much about it . 
 after all the years i was married to jerry , and did n't get pregnant , i did n't even think i could get pregnant . 
 of course , i did n't want to bring children into that abusive situation . 
 i never thought it would happen to me , but god had other plans in mind for us . '' 
 `` do my folks know ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , i wanted you to be the first person to know ! 
 we never talked about having a family . 
 i was n't sure if you wanted children or not , '' mandy said . 
 `` mandy , i love kids , and i 've always wanted to have children . 
 i did n't talk to you about it either . 
 i did n't know if you wanted kids , not after what happened in montana , '' buddy admitted . 
 `` i 'm just speechless and thrilled . '' 
 `` i 've always wanted children to love and cherish , '' mandy sighed . 
 `` i 'm so happy that you want children , too . 
 we 're going to have a baby together , '' mandy said happily . 
 mandy looked up at buddy and said , `` remember before we got married , you asked what i wanted fixed in our house . 
 i said i could n't think of anything that needed to be changed . 
 i think it might be time to add a room to the house now . 
 we are going to need a room for our baby . '' 
 `` with you and all the love we have to share , i 'd like a house full of kids , '' he admitted . 
 `` if god continues to bless us , we might need to add more than one room . 
 i 'm so happy and excited ! 
 having a houseful of kids sounds wonderful to me . 
 we 'll just keep praying about it , and making love , and see what happens , '' he promised . 
 `` buddy , i like the way you think . 
 besides trying with you is so much fun . 
 from what the doctor thinks , i probably got pregnant that night after we confessed our secrets . 
 that was another awesome night i will never forget . 
 you said you were going to make all my deepest dreams and desires come true , and you did ! 
 i love you so much , buddy , '' mandy whispered softly before turning to kiss him again . 
 `` remember that cabin at bear lake ? 
 why do n't we go spend a couple of weeks there this winter while our house is being enlarged ? 
 i still want to snuggle with you before the fireplace . 
 what do you think about that ? '' 
 buddy asked . 
 `` i think that sounds wonderful for the three of us , '' she giggled . 
 `` you , me , and our baby . '' 
 at supper that night buddy waited until the meal was over before he stood up and announced , `` mom and dad , melanie , and kids . 
 i am very happy to tell you that the turner ranch is going to expand ! 
 mandy and i are going to have a baby in about seven months . 
 i 'm finally going to be a daddy ! '' 
 buddy announced proudly . 
 the grownups all praised god and hugged mandy and buddy . 
 the kids laughed and hopped up and down . 
 that night in bed , after mandy kissed buddy goodnight , she said a prayer of joyful thanksgiving . 
 `` thank you , god , for all your blessings . 
 you led me to this wonderful man who loves me . 
 you gave me a family who accepts me and loves me . 
 soon i will have everything i 've ever dreamed about . 
 thanks for the loving christian husband you led me to , for this wonderful caring family , for this beautiful place where we can work and live together , and thank you for the baby who will soon be born to join our family . 
 please let our baby be healthy and give us the wisdom to raise it to honor and glorify you and our marriage . 
 thank you for bringing me here and for helping me find this wonderful place , this special place where i belong . '' 
 book notes all of the characters , situations , and plot ideas in this book are totally fictitious and are the product of the author 's imagination and are not based on any person living or dead . 
 the story was written strictly for the purpose of entertaining the reader . 
 any resemblance to any real people is purely co-incidental . 
 about the author mary has enjoyed writing all of her life , but has just begun sharing her stories . 
 she has worn many different hats in her lifetime . 
 she worked as a church secretary and proofreader in a small weekly newspaper in california while in high school and college . 
 she taught for seven years before stopping to adopt her son . 
 while her son was growing up , she managed a camera store for three years and then worked ten years in a municipal court system in california as a courtroom clerk . 
 next , she returned to teaching at a boarding school on the navajo indian reservation in kayenta , arizona , teaching there for two years . 
 she finished her teaching career teaching seventh and eighth grade special education students for fifteen years in globe , arizona . 
 after retiring in 2005 , she moved to oracle , arizona , to be closer to her family -- her son , daughter-in-law , and her three wonderful grandchildren . 
 she is active in her church and enjoys bible studies and working with other believers . 
 in her free time , she enjoys playing canasta and hand and foot , reading and writing , and volunteering at a local pregnancy care center . 
 within the next few months , she is planning to publish more of her stories for your enjoyment . 
 check back at smashwords.com or at your e-book supplier to see if she has any new books you might like to read . 
 other books by mary tribbey -lrb- available at smashwords.com -rrb- secrets or surrender fire and ice some lips tell lies 
