 single wolf female by jessica sims smashwords edition copyright © 2013 by jill myles all rights reserved . 
 no part of this book may be reproduced , scanned , or distributed in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author . 
 chapter one there were certain things expected of a werewolf alpha female : take care of the pack , exert leadership , change to wolf form with ease . 
 appease the alpha male . 
 dominate the females of the pack . 
 filling out a dating profile for lonely women ? 
 not on the list . 
 not even close . 
 to make matters worse , i was embarrassingly bad at filling out the profile . 
 i chewed on the end of my pen-cap with vigor as i re-read the line of questions on the form , loathing the process with every fiber in my wolf-being . 
 i am a ______ seeking a ________ . 
 my brain filled in the obvious . 
 i am an idiot seeking a clue , or else i would n't be here . 
 instead , i wrote down ` woman ' and ` man ' in the blanks , and then frowned . 
 could i be any more vague ? 
 i scratched them out and wrote above them ` wolf female ' and ` companionship . ' 
 the next question was even worse . 
 body type : __________ . 
 what the heck did they want there ? 
 tall ? 
 short ? 
 female ? 
 werewolf ? 
 alive ? 
 or was it what i wanted in a man ? 
 would ` breathing ' qualify ? 
 i resisted the urge to snarl at the paper and placed the end of the pen in my mouth again , chewing hard with anxiety . 
 the woman seated across from me at the small desk stopped typing and gave me a faint smile . 
 `` did you have a question about the form ? '' 
 her gaze flicked to the mangled pen in my mouth , then back to my face again . 
 oops . 
 i kept forgetting that the employees here at midnight liaisons were human . 
 no wonder she was so uncomfortable at the sight of a wolf with a chew toy . 
 i yanked the pen out of my mouth and gave her a reassuring smile . 
 `` just thinking . '' 
 `` about the form ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i , um , want to make sure my answers are right . '' 
 `` take your time . '' 
 she returned back to her typing with a smile of her own , and my estimation of her went up a notch . 
 as frightened humans went , this one seemed less fazed by my snarly attitude than most . 
 she wore a distracted expression on her round face and looked about my age . 
 except i was wearing jeans and a ratty star wars t-shirt and my hair was a stringy , unkempt mop of dark brown waves . 
 she , on the other hand , was dressed in a baby pink sweater , black skirt , and her hair was pulled up in a long , pale blonde ponytail . 
 she did n't wear perfume , which allowed me to catch the barest whiff of were-cougar on her despite the cloying human scent . 
 judging from the pictures on her desk -lrb- most of them of her with her arms around a very large wildcat -rrb- , she was either married to a shifter or had a thing for hugging dangerous animals . 
 i was going to guess the former , given that she worked at a shifter dating agency . 
 interesting . 
 i did n't pay much attention to stuff outside of werewolf politics , but i did n't realize that the alliance -- or whatever they were calling themselves -- allowed that sort of thing . 
 humans were usually seen as ... well , a bit ... unwelcome . 
 not quite unsanitary , but not quite worthy of notice , either . 
 the woman glanced back over at me with a slightly wry smile that put me at ease . 
 `` i do n't show we have your pack in our database -- is this the first time you 've signed up with any alliance-related business ? '' 
 i clasped the paper tightly , mangled pen clutched between my fingers . 
 `` the savage pack is very ... traditional . 
 this is my first time applying at a dating agency . 
 you 're the only one i know of that deals with shifters , and there 's no way i 'd be caught dead with a ... '' the word died in my throat . 
 i was going to say ` human ' because , well , they smelled way too human and they did n't understand shifters . 
 dating one would be like dating your weird cousin ralphie . 
 it would reek of desperation and make you the laughing-stock of the entire community . 
 no matter how hard up you were for prom , you never went to ralphie-level . 
 but then i glanced back at the happy pictures on her desk . 
 on one , the cougar was licking her face as she smiled into the camera . 
 maybe the alliance was growing more accepting of humans ? 
 i mean , this one seemed nice . 
 she could n't help that she was born human . 
 i suppose . 
 `` first time , '' i repeated . 
 `` wolves sort of keep to themselves . '' 
 she gave me a gentle look and nodded at the form in my hand that was becoming crumpled around the edges with my rough handling . 
 `` what did you have a question on ? '' 
 i set the paper down and pointed at one line in particular . 
 i noticed as i pointed that i 'd shredded the plastic end of the pen with my teeth . 
 i probably had blue all over my mouth now . 
 `` um , '' i said uncomfortably , wiping at my lip with the sleeve of my shirt . 
 `` it says ` status ' here ... you mean like alpha , right ? '' 
 she blinked at me , her eyes slightly owlish in her pale face . 
 `` alpha ? 
 oh . 
 no . 
 we do n't normally ask that of our applicants . '' 
 she took the paper away from me and studied it . 
 `` it 's for ` single ' or ` networking ' or ` in a relationship ' or things like that . 
 so people know by looking at your profile what exactly that you want out of connecting with them . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i stared down at the paper . 
 well , that was dumb . 
 and useless . 
 it should have been about pack status , not networking . 
 `` single . '' 
 she smiled at me again , that same shy , almost reluctant smile . 
 `` i do n't see why we would n't ask about pack status , '' she said in a brisk voice that belied her delicate , girly sweater and wide eyes . 
 `` makes sense . 
 we do n't get a lot of wolves , i 'm sorry to say . 
 it would be easy to update the forms though . '' 
 she seemed intrigued by the thought . 
 `` great , '' i offered , not sure what else to say . 
 so she did n't get a lot of wolves . 
 either that was code-speak for ` you 're the only loser wolf i have ' or she was lying to make me feel better . 
 i sure hoped it was option two . 
 `` great . 
 we can fill out the rest of the form as we go . 
 i 'll start entering in your profile . '' 
 i nodded as she turned back to her computer and glanced at the stuff on her desk . 
 bathsheba ward-russell , her desk plate read , and the name sounded vaguely familiar , but i could n't place it . 
 the savage pack was kind of cut off from the rest of the world lately . 
 was i supposed to know who she was ? 
 the thought depressed me as i wiped my lip , looking surreptitiously for blue ink . 
 some alpha female i was . 
 the male alpha dies and instead of me holding everyone together , i was falling to pieces and desperately seeking help at a dating agency . 
 she began to punch things into her keyboard . 
 `` so are you interested in another wolf ? '' 
 not really , if i was being honest with myself . 
 i had so much on my plate right now that i wanted to run away more than anything else . 
 i wanted some time to myself , time to recreate myself , to be just alice , instead of the savage alpha . 
 cash 's sister . 
 and being in this dating agency office , seeing the posters of happy couples hugging ? 
 seeing bathsheba 's picture of her with her arms around the cougar and the look of intense happiness on her face ? 
 maybe i wanted something like that . 
 except that i was out of options . 
 `` yep . 
 i need a male wolf . '' 
 she leaned forward and her long ponytail plopped onto the papers there , sending out another wave of human scent that tickled my nostrils . 
 `` we do n't have a lot of wolves in the alliance yet , '' she murmured , her voice low , as if sharing a secret . 
 `` we 've had some , ah , boundary issues . '' 
 aka , wolves did n't play well with others that were n't wolves . 
 i knew that already . 
 but i feigned ignorance . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she did n't go on for a moment , and then added , `` they 're not very fond of my husband . 
 he 's a cougar . '' 
 `` ah , '' i said , and turned back to the monitor , dread gnawing at my stomach . 
 i 'd made a mistake coming here . 
 no wolf in their right mind would show up at a dating agency that was ran by humans and populated by were-cats . 
 what was i doing here ? 
 frustrated , i grabbed my purse and began to tense my legs , rising from the chair . 
 `` so are you looking for an alpha ? '' 
 bathsheba asked in a friendly voice . 
 `` since you 're not interested in dating outside of the wolf-packs ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 do you have one ? '' 
 that coiling in my stomach was n't hope , was it ? 
 bathsheba pursed her lips and then turned the monitor screen back to her . 
 `` well , i do n't know for sure . 
 i can call all of the profiles and ask them their designation , and then get my webmaster to update their profiles . 
 it might take a few hours but if you like , i can get it finished by the end of the business day . 
 like i said , we do n't have that many wolves in our system . 
 probably about a dozen . '' 
 `` that would be wonderful , '' i said , getting out my debit card . 
 `` how much extra will it cost ? '' 
 she shook her head at me and gave me a faint smile . 
 `` no charge . 
 but i do have a request . '' 
 oh , here we go ... my hackles rose slightly . 
 `` if you do find an alpha , i 'd like to ask both of you to talk with my husband about your pack possibly joining the alliance . 
 we 're looking to strengthen our ties with the local wolves and ca n't seem to get a toehold in the door . 
 nothing much , i promise . 
 just dinner and discussion . 
 no pressure . '' 
 ugh . 
 that had all the appeal of a timeshare sales pitch , but i desperately wanted the list of alphas she could get me . 
 `` you got it . '' 
 chapter two an hour later , my own profile was posted with a bad photo of me that looked more like a mug shot than a plea for a date , and i drove my f150 back to little paradise , texas . 
 by the time i 'd pulled the truck into the driveway of the savage house , my phone had rang three times . 
 i let them all go to voicemail , every single ring filling me with dread . 
 if one of the pack needed me , they 'd text . 
 trina had them all addicted to texting . 
 only strangers called anymore . 
 strangers , and bill collectors . 
 the lights were off as i drove in , but again , no surprises . 
 since cash 's death , the kids in the pack had seen my pain . 
 seen me struggle . 
 watched the house fall down around my ears . 
 they 'd found ways to be scarce , to give me time to grieve . 
 even holly spent most evenings god-knows-where with baby eddie , just so i could have alone time . 
 they were all on skittish footing around me . 
 as a result , my normally warm , enormous house lay cold and empty . 
 some alpha i was . 
 could n't even take care of myself , much less my pack . 
 disgusted with myself , i hopped out of the car and onto the gravel driveway . 
 the scent of the evening air carried with it the faint hint of rain , a stray cat or two , and the sour smell of the garbage cans around the back of the house . 
 i mentally berated myself for not putting out the cans -- i 'd never done it before . 
 cash had taken care of it , and i 'd forgotten which days were garbage pickup and which were n't . 
 now i 'd have to smell two-week old milk . 
 ugh . 
 my wolf-nose could smell it from all the way across the yard . 
 with my car under the carport , i hurried to the front door , stomped up the wooden steps and the wrap-around porch of my father 's three-story house , and locked the door firmly behind me . 
 there was no scent of anyone recently nearby , but it was hard to tell , since my property always smelled like wolves . 
 the interior of the house was equally depressing . 
 wilted bouquets of flowers covered every surface , filling the air with the thick musk of old , dried roses . 
 i had n't bothered to get rid of them yet , and at least they masked the scent of the garbage outside . 
 the walls were bare now , and it always startled me to see that and the faded spots on the wallpaper . 
 i 'd taken down all the pictures of cash after he 'd died , just like when mom had taken down all the pictures of dad when he 'd passed on , and then i 'd done the same when mom had died a few months later . 
 werewolves were n't much for changing routines . 
 the house was a disaster -- laundry piled up on every surface , some mine , some belonging to the pack kids . 
 some was cash 's , but i could n't bring myself to touch it . 
 ditto the dirty dishes and stacks of pizza boxes -- they crept over every inch of free space in the living room . 
 i ignored all of it . 
 inside the house , under the stink of rotting flowers , there was a bitter , musky scent in the air that i could n't place . 
 i noticed it as i put down my keys and headed to my bedroom . 
 it was very slight and i ignored it as i entered my study , flipping on the computer and sitting at my desk . 
 probably something else rotting . 
 i was n't exactly going to win any housekeeper of the year awards at the moment . 
 and though i did n't want to , i pulled my cellphone out of my pocket and glanced at the screen . 
 one message out of all three calls . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck prickled at that , and i suppressed the low growl that rose in the back of my throat . 
 i clicked the ` missed calls ' icon . 
 one number was len , calling from jail . 
 probably wanting to know when i 'd bail his ass out , and i was n't in a rush over that one -- not while i did n't have a male alpha securely at the head of the pack . 
 len had his eye on cash 's old position , and i was n't eager to jump into bed with len . 
 just the thought made my stomach churn . 
 the next call was from one of the kids -- surprise , surprise -- holly 's number . 
 the most sensitive of my small pack , she 'd been feeling out the waters on a regular basis , and i guessed that she was reporting back to the others if i 'd gotten over my sorrow yet . 
 not yet . 
 i did n't know if the ache in my chest would ever go away . 
 my brother -- and co-leader of our small pack -- was dead . 
 car accident . 
 such a mundane thing to happen to a werewolf , but it killed him just as dead as any human . 
 it left a sick feeling in my stomach every time i thought about it . 
 i pushed it at the back of my mind , resolving to call holly back shortly . 
 the others wanted to know what was going on with their pack , and with the upcoming full moon . 
 by the time the full moon hit in a few days , i either needed to concede the pack to roscoe and get the hell out of dodge , or find a new alpha before i ended up as roscoe 's bitch . 
 literally . 
 he 'd usurp my pack in a heartbeat , leaving us helpless and bent to his will . 
 he 'd already made his intentions known , and just thinking of him taking over curdled the contents of my stomach . 
 the female alpha always mated with the male alpha . 
 there were a few exceptions , of course . 
 like siblings that were alphas . 
 myself and cash had fallen into that category . 
 our father had been the alpha of the savage pack , our mother the female alpha . 
 when they 'd died , we 'd moved into their places without a ripple stirring amongst our small pack . 
 the savage pack had always been an eclectic mix , but with turnover and deaths and some wandering away for a new pack , we suddenly found ourselves an incredibly young pack overnight . 
 len was two years younger than me . 
 holly , spence and trina were all young . 
 joanne was barely twenty before she 'd up and left the territory behind because she could n't finagle the position of female alpha away from me . 
 she 'd left baby eddie in cash 's care as a replacement for her spot in the pack . 
 that left carlos , our omega . 
 he was the only elderly person we had , and he 'd been fifty before his death in the same car accident that had taken cash . 
 they 'd been coming back from one of the oklahoma casinos , both drunk as skunks , and ran off the road . 
 it had left me with a pack of children and grieving my brother 's death . 
 it had also left me vulnerable . 
 as an alpha female with no male , i was at the mercy of the strongest male werewolf that came into our territory . 
 as an alpha female , i could resist , but only for so long , before i succumbed to the stronger will of the alpha male . 
 and roscoe had made it clear that he intended for my alpha to be him . 
 i had a guess as to who had left me the message on my phone , too . 
 with the sour taste of dread in my mouth , i clicked ` voicemail ' and listened . 
 `` hello there , sweet tits , '' roscoe drawled into the message , and i lost my breath . 
 `` you know what two days from now is , right ? 
 full moon . 
 perfect time for a couple of alphas to get to know each other . '' 
 `` i just threw up in my mouth , '' i muttered to the phone as the message rattled on . 
 `` see , we both know how the law of the pack goes . 
 your wolves need a male alpha and a female alpha for things to run smoothly . 
 ca n't function with just one , you know . 
 and i happen to be a male alpha , and , well , pretty sure that you 're a female alpha . 
 so maybe you should just accept fate and wear something pretty on the next full moon . 
 i like my women dolled up -- `` i deleted the message in disgust . 
 roscoe was vile . 
 worse than vile . 
 he was also correct . 
 the law of the pack meant that if i did n't do anything to find an alpha , he could show up and challenge for dominance on a pack run . 
 if i could n't find anyone to out-alpha him , he 'd assume my pack and i 'd have no choice but to submit to him . 
 a pack needed two leaders , and it especially needed a male alpha . 
 i could exert my will over the men to a certain extent , but in the end , they 'd constantly test dominance , and the moment i failed to dominate one of them , i 'd be under him in all ways . 
 that was how it worked . 
 i hated how things worked . 
 the windows chimes sounded on my computer as it booted up and i tapped in my password with shaking fingers . 
 that asshole roscoe had known just how to bug me , to make me tremble with hatred and loathing . 
 never had i felt so helpless and out of control . 
 my email dinged and i felt the dread well up again . 
 not email too ? 
 the messages in my box , however , were safe . 
 a few emails checking in from the pack , and one from midnight liaisons . 
 probably my password or something . 
 when i clicked on it , though , i saw a personal message from ms. ward-russell . 
 ms. savage , it read . 
 all profiles have been updated with pack ranking . 
 if you do a search for ` wolves ' you should see all candidates with that designation and their ranking . 
 i hope this helps you . 
 good luck and i will check back in a few days to see how things are going . 
 -- bathsheba . 
 well , well . 
 bathsheba had included a link to the midnight liaisons website at the bottom of the email and i clicked on it . 
 the site itself was nondescript and comprised of blue tones and a familiar unity symbol that i recognized as the alliance symbol . 
 i typed in the username and password she 'd assigned me and it moved into the website , displaying a list of featured profiles for the week . 
 a harpy , smiling tremulously for the camera . 
 a vampy-looking cat shifter . 
 a were-boar that matched his creature -- stout and hairy . 
 ugh . 
 nothing that appealed to me . 
 i clicked on the ` my profile ' link at the top . 
 ugh again . 
 my hair looked unkempt and my eyes had dark circles under them . 
 i 'd lost too much weight and my collarbones stuck out . 
 and men were supposed to look at this and want to date me ? 
 the woman in the picture looked skittish and strung out . 
 i 'd noticed that bathsheba had thoughtfully left my own pack ranking off my profile -- i sensed that was a deliberate measure for privacy , and i thanked her mentally for it . 
 clicking on the search engine , i began to type in my criteria . 
 male -lrb- duh -rrb- . 
 werewolf . 
 i left age , marital status blank -- those did n't matter half as much as finding an alpha that would n't rape me and try to destroy me if he got a hold of my pack . 
 i 'd take an old geezer with a wife any day , just as long as i got to stay with my pack . 
 just as long as we were together . 
 i could learn to be subordinate . 
 i could learn to like a threesome . 
 i guess . 
 it was the subordination part that was really sticking in my craw . 
 even the thought of being subordinate to another alpha like roscoe made me ill . 
 the hourglass on my cursor turned slowly , and i stared at a hair removal pop-up ad . 
 a joke ? 
 it did n't matter -- two seconds later , thirteen profiles popped up on screen with small text boxes . 
 the first one had a tiny picture attached to it , so i clicked on the profile . 
 the guy in the picture seemed decent looking -- a bit more gray and whiskery than i 'd care for , but he seemed stout and well-muscled -lrb- unless all that extra flesh was fat -rrb- . 
 his profile said he was in texas , though i did n't recognize him from any of the nearby packs . 
 not that we got along with any of those , mind you . 
 still , the man had a kind face , he was n't related , and he was n't roscoe . 
 he had potential . 
 there was a small flashing button at the bottom that said `` new ! '' 
 next to the field labeled ` pack status ' . 
 drat . 
 he was a beta . 
 a strong second in command , but not what i was looking for . 
 i closed the profile and moved to the next one . 
 i had to have an alpha . 
 i already had a bunch of boys that would make a great beta . 
 after flipping through several more profiles , i came to a rather irritating conclusion . 
 every wolf knew that there was only one beta in every pack -- the second in command to an alpha -- and yet every guy i 'd clicked on so far had listed ` beta ' as his pack standing . 
 in other words , they were big fat liars , just like when they listed a height of six foot -lrb- when they clearly were not -rrb- and ` packing a little extra baggage ' when clearly the extra baggage could kill a small horse . 
 sigh . 
 i did run into one guy that was brave enough to list himself as just a ` pack member ' , but he also stated that he was n't looking for another wolf . 
 that was just as well -- i 'd have had to have a serious talk with any one of my pack that put their profile up for this ridiculous service . 
 of course , i had to eat those words a few moments later when i ran across len 's profile -lrb- also listed as beta , which he clearly was not -rrb- . 
 i made a mental note to tan his hide the next time i saw him . 
 my next two profiles did not have pictures . 
 i took those to be a bad sign . 
 still , i was getting desperate , so i clicked on the next one . 
 more of the same -- beta , beta , beta . 
 maybe this had been a stupid idea after all . 
 the last , however , made my breath catch . 
 there was no picture , but the age was 29 -- 5 years older than me . 
 the description said six foot -lrb- again -rrb- and lean . 
 best of all , the status had a big fat capital `` a '' in it . 
 did that mean what i thought it meant ? 
 i clicked on more information on his profile . 
 was n't local . 
 from south carolina , recently moved out to texas . 
 well , was n't that a stroke of luck . 
 maybe he 'd stay around if i offered him the head of my pack . 
 did i really want to do that ? 
 i stared down at the phone number listed on the page , the personal stats blurring in front of my eyes . 
 none of that mattered if he could keep my pack safe . 
 what if he was worse than roscoe ? 
 i greedily scanned the profile , looking desperately for more information . 
 star sign : taurus . 
 who cared ? 
 personality : laid back , easy-going , friendly . 
 looking for : a like-minded woman . 
 well shit . 
 this guy was all wrong . 
 first of all , i did n't know a single alpha that was ` easy going ' . 
 and if he was looking for a like-minded woman ? 
 it would n't be me . 
 stubborn as a mule was more like my personality type . 
 he was probably lying about his pack status . 
 still , i had to know . 
 i flipped open my cell , dialed the number . 
 it went directly to voicemail , and i lost my nerve . 
 i clicked my phone off before leaving a message and blew out a deep , nervous breath . 
 i needed a drink of water . 
 my mouth was so dry i felt like i 'd start panting . 
 i moved away from the computer and stripped off my jeans as i did , tossing them down in the already messy hallway . 
 i had n't done much today except go to the dating agency , but i still felt exhausted both mentally and physically . 
 it was the first time i 'd gone out since cash 's death , and it had drained me . 
 i needed a drink of water , and then maybe a nap . 
 my phone buzzed , but i chose to ignore it . 
 whoever called me , i sure was n't interested . 
 i put the phone down and left it . 
 distracted by the thoughts of who could be calling me , i missed the cloying scent in my kitchen -- the faint undercurrent behind all the heavy stink of dried flowers -- until i was almost upon it . 
 then , i gagged . 
 there in the center of my kitchen floor lay all my lingerie . 
 bras , panties , and stockings had been tossed together into a neat little pile . 
 and the neat little pile had been ` marked ' with semen . 
 repeatedly . 
 so many times that the semen left milky trails on the tile on the floor . 
 and amidst those trails , someone had bent down and drawn a heart in the thick fluid . 
 a message for me . 
 i knew from who - roscoe . 
 disgusting . 
 i choked back vomit , looking away . 
 he 'd broken into my house and left me this rather drippy message as a clear reminder that i was n't safe from him . 
 that i could n't hide out even in my own house . 
 and judging by the lingering scent in the air and the ... wetness of the message , he 'd been here recently . 
 he planned on taking over my pack . 
 taking over me . 
 he 'd challenge the boys , and anyone that came close to matching him in domination ? 
 he 'd run them off , or worse . 
 i thought of spence and len and baby eddie , barely 8 months old . 
 they 'd be in danger . 
 it 'd be worse for the girls ; they would n't be safe from him . 
 i would n't be safe from him . 
 the online alpha was my only hope , unless i planned on showing throat to roscoe . 
 and i 'd fucking die before i did that . 
 chapter three time to call that alpha again . 
 swallowing my pride and my disgust , i ran back up the stairs and grabbed my phone . 
 i glanced at the screen -- two calls from out of the area numbers . 
 hmm . 
 that did n't sound like roscoe , or anyone in my pack . 
 who could it be ? 
 another one of cash 's bill collectors ? 
 i hit call-back , curious . 
 a man answered , his voice smooth as buttermilk . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 well , that was abrupt . 
 i frowned , my fingers tensing on the phone . 
 `` you called me . '' 
 `` you called me first , '' he said in that same lazy , unhurried fashion that just went all over me . 
 when had i called this stranger ? 
 a tiny , foggy thought slipped through my distracted mind -- i 'd called a number and hung up before leaving a message . 
 the man from the dating agency . 
 the snarl emerging in my throat died a second later . 
 `` oh . 
 is this ... '' i struggled to remember the name on the alpha 's profile . 
 a city . 
 something about a city ... `` jackson ? '' 
 `` you got me . '' 
 another bland statement . 
 unruffled , almost bored . 
 kind of an odd stance for an alpha to take , now that i had thought about it . 
 i felt a tiny bit of my hopes die -- i needed an alpha , not another pretender . 
 that moved me past irritation and straight into rage . 
 `` your dating profile . 
 you put an ` a ' in your status . 
 is that bullshit ? 
 you might as well tell me . '' 
 i put force into my tone . 
 no one in my pack would be able to stand against me in an argument for long when i exerted my will . 
 he seemed a little amused at my high-strung demands . 
 `` what about it ? 
 if you do n't want an alpha , sister , do n't call me . '' 
 alpha ? 
 sister ? 
 the term was irony itself and a slap to the face . 
 how many times had cash jeered me with the same term ? 
 i forced myself to calm , blinking back tears of frustration and sadness . 
 `` so you 're really an alpha ? '' 
 `` that 's me . '' 
 he was n't a man of many words , it seemed . 
 i swallowed my pride again , and a small sigh escaped me . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 `` that 's flattering , '' he said with a chuckle . 
 `` mind explaining ? '' 
 he had a drawl , a southern one , but it did n't sound like he was born to it . 
 i noted that , mentally sizing up my prey . 
 `` do you have a pack ? '' 
 i asked . 
 packs split and ruptured all the time , children with strong aggressive personalities striking out to head up their own packs . 
 there was a pause on the other end , as if he were gauging me as well . 
 `` i might , i might not . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 my heart thumped painfully with excitement . 
 hope . 
 `` i have a pack , '' i rushed out . 
 `` our male alpha died a few weeks ago and i do n't have anyone to take his place . 
 unless i can get another alpha to lead us by the next full moon , we 're going to be taken over by another alpha . '' 
 again , the slow pause . 
 `` i take it that 's not to your liking ? '' 
 `` it 's not , '' i breathed , a wealth of tension in that small sentence . 
 `` you the female alpha ? '' 
 i knew what he was asking -- did i come with the package , or would i step down for his own mate ? 
 i bristled at that -- he could bring a woman if he needed to -lrb- cash had joanne , after all -rrb- but i intended on keeping my spot at the head of the pack . 
 there was also a careful law of dominance to be followed -- i had to be stronger than all the other females in the pack and most of the males , but the male alpha needed to be stronger than me . 
 if i could dominate this man , there 'd be an uproar and the pack would continue to be unsettled . 
 `` i 'm the female alpha , '' i confirmed . 
 `` i stay . '' 
 i knew what that meant for me , too . 
 accepting this man as my alpha , into my pack and not being related to him ? 
 there was only one position for a female alpha that was n't related -- that of mate . 
 not only would i be taking a stranger into my pack , and giving him the care of my family , but i 'd be giving myself to him as well . 
 but then again , my other option was roscoe . 
 `` are you interested ? '' 
 i said flatly into the phone . 
 there was a moment of silence , and i could hear typing on the other end of the phone . 
 `` what 's your profile number ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 i said , my tone fierce . 
 `` it does n't matter if i 'm ugly or old as the hills -- i 'm offering you the chance to lead a pack , if you 've got the balls for it . '' 
 to my surprise , he chuckled . 
 `` ah , the female alpha . 
 delightful as ever . '' 
 for some reason , that made me blush . 
 i 'd worked hard to cultivate my mixture of bossy domineering and motherliness for my pack and my position as head female -lrb- but not mate -rrb- to cash . 
 and because i was n't mate , i was used to being challenged ... and winning . 
 `` are you taking what i 'm offering or not ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` where you located ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we 're passing through waxahachie . '' 
 ` passing through ' was a polite term for ` have n't found a permanent pack yet , ' and i felt a bit of relief to hear that , though it quickly disappeared when my brain registered the ` we 're ' part of his words . 
 so he was n't alone . 
 i should have guessed . 
 still , i could challenge whatever female he brought with him . 
 i was ready for her . 
 i 'd fight for my pack . 
 `` i 'm in little paradise , northwest of fort worth , '' i told him . 
 `` can you get here soon ? '' 
 `` maybe , why ? 
 full moon 's not for a few days . '' 
 i glanced back at my kitchen , and felt the same skin-crawling shudder of revulsion sweep over me . 
 `` because the guy that wants your position broke into my house tonight and left me a message . 
 and i need someone to change the locks . '' 
 `` i 'll be there in an hour , '' he promised . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ while i waited for my new alpha to arrive , i put on my pants again , grabbed a pair of gloves and tossed all of my underwear into the trash-burning barrel outside . 
 i had n't mopped the floor yet , but i would soon . 
 ugh . 
 i squirted kerosene into the barrel , tossed my plastic gloves in after it , and tossed in a match . 
 watching all my underthings burn made me feel a little better , but not much . 
 roscoe had broken into my house . 
 gone through my things . 
 touched them in dirty , nasty ways . 
 as messages went , that one was pretty clear . 
 a large white truck pulled up , and i glanced over at it in the darkness . 
 my gravel driveway was about a hundred feet away from where i stood near the trash barrel , but with my wolf-eyes , i was able to read just fine in the dark . 
 jackson wilder -- plumber and handyman . 
 huh . 
 the truck looked a little beat up , but i did n't know a single handyman that kept a pristine truck anyhow . 
 the truck door opened , and a man slid out , his form veiled by the open truck door . 
 i immediately clutched the shovel closer . 
 i 'd been using it to poke at the fire , but now it served a better purpose -- protection . 
 i faced the truck , my manner unwelcoming as i mentally steeled myself for the worst . 
 what if this guy was mean ? 
 bad tempered ? 
 worse than roscoe ? 
 was there even such a thing ? 
 before i could continue down that path , the man raised a hand in greeting and moved forward , shutting the truck door behind him and stepping closer to where i stood , body clenched , by the fire . 
 the breath rushed out of my throat . 
 when he had n't included a photo of himself on the dating website , i 'd expected him to be ugly . 
 maybe short . 
 maybe fat . 
 all of the above . 
 i had n't expected him to be tanned , lean , with sandy brown hair , broad shoulders and narrow waist . 
 he looked to be a few years older than me , though it was hard to judge . 
 his features had a very boyish cast to them . 
 half a foot taller than me . 
 fit . 
 amazing . 
 he smiled , sizing me up , and his entire face transformed . 
 from smooth and prettily-boyish , he became stunningly beautiful . 
 the smile took over his entire face , flashing white , and displaying the most heart-breaking set of dimples i 'd ever seen . 
 holy crap . 
 i 'd been hoping for mediocre at best . 
 i 'd gotten a male god . 
 immediately i suspected a trick . 
 i studied his face again , but i did n't see anything that called out ` alpha ' to me . 
 he had heavy eyebrows over light-colored eyes , and a blunt nose and tapered chin . 
 my father had been craggy and fierce , my brother a massive hulk of a man . 
 the man moving toward me was tall , but the cheerful cast to his features was throwing me off . 
 my hand clutched the shovel a little closer and my greeting snapped shut in my mouth . 
 was this some joke on roscoe 's behalf ? 
 was i the victim of a prank ? 
 he did n't seem overly alpha , i thought . 
 sure , he was scrutinizing me , but his manner was open , friendly , positive . 
 my brother and father -- both alphas -- had been surly and foul-tempered , and their method of greeting a stranger usually involved a fist . 
 it was a bizarre change . 
 `` are you ... '' he glanced down , pulled out a folded piece of paper and read it , then looked up again . 
 `` alice savage ? '' 
 instead of replying , i held my free hand out , the other clutching the shovel close . 
 `` can i see some id ? '' 
 `` i need to see the same , '' he said to me and extended his hand . 
 his nostrils flared slightly , and i knew he was sensing his surroundings , prepared . 
 the same way i was . 
 his gaze settled on me , and i felt it . 
 strength of will . 
 the need to obey and please him . 
 it was some innate sort of sense that came with alphas - natural leadership , a human would call it . 
 except i was n't human . 
 this guy was definitely an alpha . 
 he did n't need to swagger -- he just needed to show me he was competent . 
 alert . 
 ready to defend his surroundings . 
 i recognized the other alpha from posture and manner and sensed he was who he claimed to be . 
 but i still wanted to see id . 
 to my surprise , he held out his entire wallet . 
 i gave him another skeptical look before reaching out to take it , and then flipped it open . 
 his driver 's license stared up at me , very serious . 
 and the man in the picture looked ... different . 
 the name was the same -- jackson wilder . 
 i stared down , then back up at him again , suspicious . 
 `` that 's not you . '' 
 `` i get that a lot , '' he explained in a mild voice . 
 and broke into another smile , studying me . 
 his dimples flashed again . 
 `` when i smile , i look different . '' 
 as if to demonstrate , he assumed a serious face , and looked like the photo once more . 
 me , i was still mesmerized by the dimples . 
 he pointed at his wallet . 
 `` my pack id is in there . 
 behind the license . '' 
 digging for it meant i 'd have to drop my shovel . 
 i gave him one last skeptical look and then propped it against the metal barrel as the fire crackled and popped behind us . 
 the fact that he knew that he had to have a pack id was a good thing . 
 sure enough , i pulled out the card and ran my fingers over it . 
 pack ids were cheap things , mocked up to look like a social security card . 
 no numbers were assigned , and there were no pictures . 
 usually they were issued by the alpha of the pack upon birth , and you received a new one if you left packs . 
 i only had the one , and it was tattered and worn after being in my wallet for 24 years . 
 jackson wilder 's card was fairly new , the edges still crisp with plastic . 
 st. james pack , south carolina , the id read . 
 issued in 2008 , which made me still with concern . 
 wolves could be made by a bite instead of born into shifting , but they rarely ascended to higher than beta . 
 on a hunch , i slid my finger under the id and met the grainy feel of an older slip of paper behind it . 
 `` you 're not a new wolf ? '' 
 he shook his head , the amazing smile -lrb- and dimples -rrb- disappearing . 
 `` left for new ground a few years ago and met with the st. james pack . '' 
 an alpha joining an established pack ? 
 that could n't have gone smoothly . 
 i replaced the card and snapped the wallet shut , then held it out to him . 
 `` so why 'd you leave them ? '' 
 `` a fire , '' he said , boyish face serious once more . 
 `` all died but myself and dan . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` dan ? '' 
 oh no . 
 was my new , pretty alpha ... gay ? 
 and why was that disappointing ? 
 if he was gay , i 'd be safe from his attentions , after all . 
 another car door shut , and my eyes flicked to the handyman truck even as i reached for the shovel once more . 
 a boy slid away from the passenger side , lanky and uncertain . 
 he was tall , but that was all he had going for him . 
 a bit too thin , with haunted eyes and pale hair . 
 he gave me a faint smile as he moved to stand behind jackson . 
 ah . 
 not gay . 
 just had a kid with him in his pack and had n't left him behind . 
 i understood that . 
 `` dan , '' jackson pronounced . 
 `` i brought him with me . 
 he 's the only living member of the st. james pack . '' 
 `` other than you , '' i corrected . 
 `` other than me , '' he repeated . 
 i waited for the smile to return , but it did n't , and i felt a little disappointment . 
 i liked that smile . 
 it had put me at ease . 
 oh well . 
 at least he was n't gay . 
 for some reason that made me happy , even as it filled me with anxiety . 
 i stared at them both , wondering what my pack would think of two more males to be added to it ? 
 trina would be thrilled , but holly was shy . 
 she 'd be nervous . 
 `` so ... what are you doing ? '' 
 jackson gestured at the fire behind me . 
 `` burning my underwear , '' i replied . 
 dan flushed and looked at the ground . 
 jackson just grinned . 
 `` could n't wait for tomorrow ? '' 
 `` not when it was sopping wet with some other guy 's leavings , no . '' 
 his eyebrows raised and he shifted on his feet , the tension returning to his body . 
 i recognized the tension . 
 possessiveness . 
 strange to see it in someone i 'd just met a few minutes ago , but i guessed that meant he was staying . 
 and that i should explain exactly what had happened . 
 i handed the shovel to dan . 
 `` can you handle this ? 
 i 'll show jackson what the other guy did to my kitchen . '' 
 dan nodded and took it immediately . 
 he was clearly not an alpha . 
 with my shovel in hand , he began poking at the fire and sending up a shower of sparks . 
 i glanced over at jackson , then headed for the back door of the house . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 i kept my face impassive as he followed behind me , and i held the door open . 
 `` oh , and welcome to the savage pack . '' 
 `` nice place , '' jackson murmured as he entered the house . 
 i flushed in embarrassment at his words , seeing nothing but dirty laundry and even dirtier dishes piled everywhere . 
 dead flowers on every inch of table-top . 
 god , i was a wreck . 
 `` we 've been grieving , '' i said sharply , more sharply than i 'd anticipated . 
 `` i have n't had time to keep house . '' 
 he nodded , and placed his hand on one of the wooden beams scattered through the large , messy living room and i flushed uncomfortably . 
 perhaps he had n't been talking about the state of the house after all . 
 as jackson 's gaze moved over the furniture , i snatched up a dirty sock laying over the arm of a chair . 
 `` is it just you that lives here ? '' 
 jackson said in that mild voice , glancing around the house . 
 i knew what he was doing -- mentally sizing up how many wolves were in the pack . 
 my house was large , and my family had lived here for three generations . 
 we had plenty of bedrooms , but not all of them were filled . 
 `` just me right now , '' i said lightly , keeping the control in my voice . 
 `` i sent the others away while i ... recovered . 
 our alpha died recently , and it 's left us all in a turmoil . '' 
 me especially . 
 jackson moved forward , his fingers brushing against a dried rose , hanging over the edge of a crystal vase . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 he glanced back at me and his face was so serious that it made me wonder if the boyish smile had just been my imagination . 
 `` you said someone had left you a message ? '' 
 i nodded , swallowing hard . 
 the visual was still fresh in my mind and still creepy . 
 i pushed ahead of him . 
 `` in here . '' 
 he followed behind me as i headed into the kitchen , and stopped as i skirted the large drying puddle . 
 `` he 'd been through my house , grabbed all my lingerie , and , well , made sweet love to it . '' 
 if i squinted hard , i could still see the heart drawn in the mess . 
 `` i think he was trying to tell me something . '' 
 `` either that or he 's real lonely , '' jackson drawled . 
 my mouth twitched at that . 
 `` i think he wants my pack more than me . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest , so i would n't rub my arms . 
 `` he does n't like that i told him no . '' 
 jackson nodded , then motioned for me . 
 `` i 'll get started on changing the locks , ms. savage . '' 
 ms. savage . 
 i wondered briefly if he thought i was the widow of the old alpha . 
 that would be the natural thought . 
 sisters sometimes took the alpha female 's place , but that was a rarity . 
 he must have imagined that i was grieving for more than just my alpha . 
 i chose to let him think that for a while longer , but offered , `` you can call me alice , if you 'll be joining us . '' 
 the smile returned , and with it , the dimples that fascinated me . 
 `` we 'll be staying , '' he agreed . 
 `` thank you , alice . '' 
 `` as long as you wo n't disrupt my pack , that is , '' i stressed , trying to put my foot down . 
 it was hard to judge a new alpha . 
 i knew where to step with cash , but this man was a stranger . 
 the smile disappeared again , and he nodded . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i nodded and exited , all too glad to get out of the room . 
 chapter four two hours later , i cleaned out joanne 's old room , my thoughts astir , while jackson worked on adding deadbolts to my front and back door and dan put out the fire . 
 since we lived out in the country , it was n't out of the ordinary to burn trash . 
 maybe a little weird at three in the morning , but the neighbors thought we were weird anyhow . 
 and so i readied a room for the newest member of the pack . 
 partially because it kept me busy , and partially because it allowed me to hide from jackson 's too-knowing gaze . 
 dan was a sweet , quiet boy from what i could tell . 
 he dropped his gaze every time i looked at him -- appropriate around a new alpha . 
 but i did n't know how to act around jackson . 
 as if my thoughts had summoned him , jackson strolled down the hall and into the room a moment later . 
 a tool belt was slung low around his waist , and i found myself staring at it . 
 it emphasized the lean lines of his hips and his ass in the jeans , and i flushed bright red when he caught me looking . 
 he did n't say anything , though . 
 just glanced past me , at the sheets i 'd tossed down onto the twin bed . 
 `` dan will need to shower before he heads to bed , '' jackson said , with a nod at the window , where i could clearly see the wilting teenager dumping the ashes out of the barrel outside . 
 poor kid did look dead-on-his-feet tired , but was n't complaining . 
 i liked that about dan . 
 `` he can sleep here . 
 it 's not joanne 's room any longer . 
 she left us about six months ago . '' 
 he nodded at me . 
 `` i 'll change the last set of locks while you get him comfortable . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i murmured , then glanced out the window one last time to see dan trudging up the steps . 
 `` i 'll show him where the towels are . '' 
 as dan showered , i cleaned out joanne 's old room for him , and i heard jackson working on the doorknobs . 
 he hummed to himself as he worked , a faint sound that i barely caught over the drum of the water in the shower . 
 `` thanks for taking us in , ms. savage , '' dan said a few minutes later , as i piled blankets into his pajama-clad arms . 
 `` it 's been a while since we ran with a pack . 
 been just myself and jackson for about a year now . '' 
 `` alice , '' i corrected , but did n't add anything to that . 
 the kid was a goldmine of information , as long as i could keep him talking . 
 `` and i 'm glad you 're here too . '' 
 i was n't lying , either . 
 so far i liked dan a lot . 
 he had a honest , open face and a polite demeanor . 
 nothing like my rowdy boys , spence and len , who were constantly into mischief . 
 `` jackson likes you too , '' dan offered as he made the bed . 
 `` of course he does , '' i retorted , heading for the door of the room . 
 `` he 's the alpha . 
 he likes what i come with . '' 
 `` no , i mean he likes you . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i lingered in the doorway a minute longer . 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 he gave me a sweet , tired smile . 
 `` because we 're still here . '' 
 interesting . 
 did that mean jackson was choosy or was dan just seeing things through rose-colored glasses ? 
 who knew . 
 i shut the door behind me so the kid could sleep . 
 jackson still worked on the front door , testing and jiggling the door handle . 
 i moved behind him , arms crossed , and watched him work for a few minutes . 
 jackson stopped working as i stood behind him . 
 `` it 's late , '' he said , glancing up at me . 
 `` if you want to go to sleep , i 'll finish up here . '' 
 sleep ? 
 with a stranger changing the locks on my door ? 
 with another stranger asleep in the hall ? 
 with roscoe still out there ? 
 knowing he could break into my house again ? 
 with my pack scattered to the four winds ? 
 sleep seemed the furthest thing from my mind . 
 `` it 's not that late . '' 
 `` it 's three in the morning . '' 
 okay , so it was a little late . 
 i gave a small shrug . 
 now that it was just the two of us , my body was locking up into all kinds of tension . 
 what if jackson wanted to assert his place in the pack ... tonight ? 
 with me ? 
 make his alpha-ness known ? 
 claim the alpha female ? 
 uh oh . 
 i yawned really loudly . 
 `` wow , it is pretty late , '' i said , doing an about face . 
 he gave me a skeptical look . 
 `` i 'll shower after this if you leave me a towel . 
 and then i 'll come to bed . '' 
 uh oh again . 
 of course he expected us to share a bed . 
 if nothing else , we had to be united in front of the pack . 
 that meant one bedroom , one couple , one set of leaders ... an icy chill went down my spine . 
 i could n't back down , though . 
 like it or not , this was what i had bought into . 
 so i said , `` i 'll leave out a towel . 
 just come to bed when you 're ready . '' 
 he turned back to the door , his humming now silent . 
 that did n't make me feel any better . 
 i ran a hand through my messy hair and headed up the stairs , to my bedroom . 
 and found the biggest , thickest , most concealing pair of pajamas i owned and dressed in them . 
 i even tucked a pair of mismatched slipper socks over my toes . 
 if i 'd had curlers and a clay facial , i 'd have armed myself with those too . 
 if jackson had come here expecting a sexy alpha female just begging for a shagging , he was in for a rude , rude awakening . 
 i bundled myself up and sat on the foot of the bed , waiting . 
 nerves jittered and cranked through my body , and i twitched in place , unable to relax . 
 eventually , jackson was going to follow my scent and come up to bed ... and then what ? 
 i 'd have to lay under him and submit to the will of the pack ? 
 how was that any different than being with roscoe ? 
 anger set my mouth hard , and i bit down on the long sleeve of my pajama top to keep from screaming my frustration . 
 why was it that humans were living in an enlightened age and werewolves were stuck in some sort of dark age pack mentality ? 
 you were fine with that pack mentality as long as it made you the boss , my brain reminded me . 
 it 's just now that you have to show throat to someone else , it 's a problem . 
 and that was the whole of it , really . 
 being an alpha was fine . 
 but being the sister of an alpha had put me in a special situation and had n't prepared me for life with a regular alpha . 
 it had n't prepared me to submit to being someone 's mate . 
 that was the part i kept getting hung up on . 
 i was a virgin . 
 i did n't know what to do in any sort of relationship , much less one as crucial as an alpha-to-alpha one . 
 worst of all , i had a horrible thought . 
 what if i took on mr. easygoing as an alpha and he was weak ? 
 what if roscoe challenged us anyhow and then i ended up as his mate despite everything ? 
 i chewed on the cuff of my sleeve , anxious . 
 what was i going to do ? 
 i smelled jackson before he came up the stairs . 
 dan had an almost boyish scent , teased with sweat . 
 jackson 's scent was ... different . 
 it was musky , enticing , and altogether unfamiliar to me . 
 it frightened the crap out of me , too . 
 i mean , did he smell good because he was an alpha and it was messing with my head ? 
 i 'd never noticed cash smelling particularly amazing , but he was also my brother . 
 jackson came up the stairs and paused at the door to my room . 
 i 'd left it open a crack because i knew he 'd come up . 
 but he waited there , and knocked . 
 `` come on in , '' i said , my voice so low it was almost inaudible . 
 why did i care if dan heard or not ? 
 he was all the way down and across the hall . 
 but for some reason , the thought of him hearing me invite jackson in made me feel ... weird . 
 this was harder than i thought . 
 jackson opened the door and slipped inside halfway . 
 he hung out there , as if the doorway was just the place he wanted to be . 
 `` you sure you want me in ? '' 
 `` you 're going to have to come in at some point , '' i muttered , and gestured to my surroundings . 
 `` take a seat . 
 this is all yours now . '' 
 his mouth twitched at my obvious displeasure , and he shut the door behind him , taking a few steps into the room and eyeing my things . 
 once again , laundry was piled everywhere -lrb- that 's what happens when you chase everyone away and fall into a two-week-long-bout of grief and depression -rrb- and my scent was appallingly strong . 
 an antique dresser in the corner of the room was covered in photos and jackson headed there , picking up one and glancing at it . 
 it was a picture of me and cash , arms around each other , laughing . 
 it was from a few years ago , a vacation on the lake . 
 we 'd taken all the kids out for fishing and boating . 
 they 'd loved it . 
 cash had stayed out on the water until he 'd caught the biggest fish , because that 's just how cash was . 
 i felt a surge of grief so strong it nearly knocked me over . 
 instead , i put my pajama cuff back into my mouth and began to chew on it again . 
 jackson looked at the picture , and then at me . 
 `` the old alpha ? '' 
 i nodded , unable to speak around the knot in my throat . 
 `` he was young , '' jackson said , his voice soft . 
 `` shame when they go so young . '' 
 there was a wealth of sadness in his voice , too . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i said nothing . 
 he glanced around my room a bit more , and when his back was to me , i studied him . 
 jeans that were so worn that the fabric had gone soft , and holes were at the corners of the pockets , showing a flash of dark underwear underneath . 
 t-shirt was clean , but clearly worn . 
 i 'd noticed the same with dan - clean , but completely worn-out clothing . 
 no one had been taking care of either of them for a while . 
 jackson studied the pictures on the dresser for a moment longer , ignoring the bras hanging off of one of the wooden corners . 
 `` this your pack ? '' 
 he gestured at one of the photos . 
 `` some of them , '' i said . 
 joanne was in the picture , and she was long gone . 
 so was carlos . 
 and cash . 
 he looked back at me . 
 `` mind if i ask where everyone is ? '' 
 i curled up tighter on the end of the bed . 
 `` i sent them away for a bit . '' 
 it was stupid of me , too . 
 scattering them and kicking them out of the house made them vulnerable to outsiders , like roscoe . 
 but i had n't exactly been thinking clearly for the past two weeks . 
 i 'd been wrapped up in burial arrangements for both carlos and cash , and trying to hold myself together ... and failing . 
 i waited for him to chastise me . 
 no words of admonishment came , though . 
 instead , he turned back to me and gave me that golden , too-knowing gaze . 
 i felt the energy of his will in the air like an electric charge ... but he was n't trying to dominate . 
 more like he understood where i was coming from . 
 `` how about you tell me a bit about them ? '' 
 he sat on the cedar trunk at the end of my bed , a little closer to me than i preferred , but everything else was covered with laundry . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 it was n't easy for him to come in and try to make a niche for him and dan . 
 i knew it was n't , and i knew that my being a wreck was making everything harder . 
 he was trying . 
 i needed to try , too . 
 so i sucked in a breath and steadied myself . 
 `` there 's five other than me . 
 len 's my beta . 
 he 's twenty-two and full of himself . 
 currently spending the night in jail , i believe . '' 
 i studied the wet cuff of my pajama top as if it were the most fascinating thing ever . 
 `` he 's going to challenge you . 
 he wants to be alpha . '' 
 `` and ... you do n't want him to be alpha ? '' 
 i gave him a look . 
 `` you either have it or you do n't . 
 len does n't have it . '' 
 `` true enough , '' he said with a chuckle . 
 `` i was just wondering if maybe he was n't to your liking . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` you think if len had even half a shot of being alpha , i 'd have put out a classified ad on my ass saying ` free to a good home ' ? '' 
 again , his mouth twitched at my sour humor . 
 `` guess not . 
 so watch out for len . 
 got it . '' 
 `` there 's also spence , '' i told him . 
 `` len 's brother and twenty years old . 
 he wo n't give you much trouble . 
 he 's lazy . 
 good kid and smart , but lazy . 
 he 'd rather play video games all day than help out around the house . '' 
 he nodded , not saying anything . 
 `` then there 's baby eddie , '' i said . 
 `` holly has him right now . 
 he 's going to be an alpha someday , but right now he 's only eight months old . '' 
 he stilled . 
 `` a baby alpha ? 
 was his ... father an alpha ? '' 
 delicate way of phrasing it . 
 most alphas tended to be bred from other alphas , so i could see him trying to put two and two together . 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 he looked troubled . 
 `` is that everyone ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said with a sigh . 
 `` then we have the girls . '' 
 `` girls ? '' 
 he looked surprised . 
 `` more than just you ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 there 's holly , who is sixteen . 
 very shy and sweet . 
 she 's taking over as the pack omega now that carlos is gone . '' 
 the omega was the heart of the pack , the nurturer , the lover , the one everyone protected and looked after . 
 carlos had been our omega before because he 'd been the dad . 
 now , holly had slid into that omega place perfectly . 
 `` and there 's trina , who 's thirteen . 
 carlos was her dad . 
 she 's ... taking it hard . '' 
 `` shit . 
 three girls and everyone in the pack so young . '' 
 he rubbed his neck . 
 `` no wonder you wanted protection . '' 
 i nodded . 
 there was something in shifter genes that made females - especially female werewolves - a rarity . 
 maybe the pack dynamic contributed to things , but most times you 'd find one female in a pack - the alpha . 
 we 'd had four , up until joanne had packed up her things and left . 
 both holly and trina were young and extremely vulnerable , and i did n't want roscoe getting his paws on them . 
 it was one reason why i 'd separated myself from my pack -- to make sure that if anyone got pounced by roscoe , it was me . 
 `` and now we have you and dan , '' i said . 
 `` dan 's a good kid , '' he told me . 
 `` his family all perished in the fire and it left him with me . 
 we 're a team , now . 
 i wo n't go anywhere he 's not welcome . '' 
 i understood that thinking . 
 `` he beta ? '' 
 `` for my pack of two ? 
 yeah . '' 
 `` that 's the only thing i could think would be a problem , '' i answered honestly . 
 `` len might not want to give up his position as second . 
 everyone else is close to his age and not dominant in the slightest . '' 
 he nodded , as if considering things , and his gaze went back to the pictures on my dresser . 
 `` i 'm very sorry about your mate . 
 i know this must be hard for you . '' 
 i blinked . 
 mate ? 
 then i sucked in a breath as i looked at him . 
 he really did n't know what he was getting into , did he ? 
 he thought he was coming in to comfort the grieving widow and did n't know how to proceed . 
 pack law dictated that if we merged our packs , he 'd rise to the top and i 'd basically be his property , of a sort . 
 he probably even thought baby eddie was mine . 
 `` um . '' 
 i said , feeling heat steal up my cheeks . 
 `` you should know a few things . '' 
 `` uh oh . '' 
 he gave me a friendly grin , his attitude so smooth and easy i almost smiled back at him . 
 `` nothing good ever comes out of that saying . '' 
 i hugged my legs closer to my chest , watching his face . 
 `` cash was n't my mate . '' 
 a wrinkle formed between his brown brows . 
 if anything , it made him look even more gorgeous . 
 totally unfair . 
 `` you 're not the alpha ? '' 
 `` i am , '' i said , and before he could question more , i added , `` cash was my brother . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` yep , '' i told him , my voice short . 
 `` you got yourself a bona-fide werewolf virgin . '' 
 he stared at me . 
 rubbed his neck again . 
 glanced at the pictures , then back at me . 
 `` and the baby ? '' 
 `` cash 's kid . 
 joanne was the mom . 
 she ran off because she wanted to be the alpha female in a pack and i was n't about to budge . '' 
 my smile was tight . 
 `` so now i get to raise eddie as part of my pack . '' 
 `` jesus . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 my voice was flat . 
 `` i just thought you should know . 
 i think roscoe 's figured it out , too . 
 that 's why he 's after me so hard . 
 he wants me , and he wants my girls . '' 
 `` he wo n't touch them while i have breath in my body , '' jackson said , and offered me his hand . 
 `` i promise you this . '' 
 i 'd been needing to hear those words . 
 relief settled on me like a blanket , and that awful tension i 'd felt in my shoulders loosened for the first time in two weeks . 
 with cash at my side , we 'd been a strong pair . 
 but on my own , i had n't realized how vulnerable a female alpha was . 
 it did n't matter how strong i was ; a male wolf would automatically be more dominant , could always beat me in a physical fight , which was how most dominance battles were fought . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i took his hand and clasped mine in it . 
 i had a strong handshake , but his was stronger . 
 i took note of his hand , too , the thick calluses , the deep tan . 
 his was a working man 's hands . 
 i liked that . 
 he did n't let go of my hand , though . 
 he just kept clasping it and smiling at me in that friendly way that my head was n't sure i liked , but my body liked all too much . 
 `` when can i meet the others ? '' 
 `` they 're staying with friends , '' i said . 
 `` human friends that do n't know about ... the pack . 
 roscoe wo n't know where to find them . 
 i 'll text them in the morning and tell them to come for breakfast . '' 
 `` breakfast 'll be here soon , '' he told me , and gave my hand a squeeze . 
 `` you should get some sleep . 
 you look exhausted . '' 
 `` i have n't slept well in weeks , '' i admitted . 
 just the thought of bed was a delicious torment . 
 i wanted to crawl into it , and yet ... i looked at jackson . 
 `` since you 're an unmated alpha ... '' i let the words hang in the air . 
 he knew the rest . 
 he was an unmated alpha male , and i was an unmated alpha female . 
 it 'd be expected for us to share a room . 
 and to share a bed . 
 he gave my hand another squeeze and then got up . 
 `` do n't you worry , alice . 
 you just get some sleep . '' 
 he got up and crossed the room to the overstuffed chair near the door , examined it , and then swept the dirty laundry onto the floor . 
 `` i 'm going to shower , then i 'll sit here and rest , if that 's okay with you . '' 
 i blinked and stared at him . 
 he was n't going to force me to share his bed ? 
 i nearly trembled with relief ... but it could n't last . 
 `` you know we have to -- `` `` i know , '' he told me , raising a hand to stop me before i could continue . 
 `` we 'll worry about mate markings and claimings and stuff later . 
 not everything has to happen tonight . 
 you 're exhausted and i 've got a lot on my mind . 
 so if it 's all okay with you , i 'd like to sit in this nice , comfy chair here , '' he pointed at my chair , `` and relax . 
 you sleep . '' 
 his voice was soothing and compelling . 
 i wanted to sleep , and not only because he was telling me to . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` i 'll stay up . 
 shower . 
 check stuff out . 
 make sure everything 's all right . '' 
 his voice dropped a bit lower , his tone husky . 
 `` you can trust me , alice . 
 you 're safe now . '' 
 my heart thudded hard , and i hoped desperately that was the case . 
 chapter five i woke up sometime after dawn , feeling curiously refreshed and at ease despite only a few hours of sleep . 
 even three hours of sleep was more than i 'd gotten in the last two days . 
 i glanced around my room but jackson was nowhere to be seen . 
 that made me feel a little better , i supposed . 
 the thought of him leering at me while i slept was unnerving . 
 then i frowned to myself . 
 if there was one thing jackson was incapable of , it was leering . 
 he seemed ... friendly . 
 as easygoing as he 'd said on his profile . 
 it was weird to see in an alpha . 
 most of the ones i 'd known were full of piss and bluster and kept their authority by force . 
 jackson seemed determined to make everyone comfortable , and that maybe they 'd bow to his leadership because they wanted to , not because they had to . 
 strange man . 
 i rolled out of bed and winced at the smell . 
 i smelled like smoke and cleaning supplies and my own stale sweat and fear . 
 that would n't do . 
 i needed to shower , especially if we were calling the pack home . 
 i did n't want to smell like fear and introduce them to jackson at the same time . 
 before i got into the shower , though , i grabbed my phone and sent a group text out to the pack . 
 come home , i sent . 
 breakfast is at 9 . 
 be here for a pack meeting . 
 spence , go get len out of jail . 
 i felt better after showering and washing my hair a few times , though i felt a bit ashamed that things felt like they were sliding back to normal . 
 jackson was a stranger . 
 my brother was dead . 
 should n't i hold out for longer ? 
 grieve more ? 
 something ? 
 but with an alpha at my side - even a strange alpha - i felt ... i do n't know . 
 not quite so alone . 
 not quite so terrified . 
 and that made me feel guilty . 
 i toweled off and dressed into another plain t-shirt and jeans . 
 i did n't bother to do more than brush my dark hair . 
 i was n't going to fancy up for jackson . 
 he had to take me as i was . 
 my work phone buzzed with an incoming text as soon as i slipped it into my pocket , and i clicked on the message . 
 my air conditioner 's out , eliza , one of my tenants , had sent me . 
 can you come look at it ? 
 ugh . 
 her timing was hell . 
 i could n't skip the pack breakfast , but today was going to be a scorcher , and eliza had four small children . 
 can it wait until 10 am ? 
 i sent back . 
 that 's fine , she sent . 
 thank you . 
 i 'd take jackson with me , i decided . 
 if he was stepping into the savage pack , he needed to learn the savage business . 
 i wondered how he 'd like the idea of being a slum lord . 
 my mouth curved into a faint smile at the thought . 
 he was a plumber - i could use his services on a regular basis . 
 too bad he was n't an electrician to boot . 
 i jounced down the stairs , my mood a little lighter , sniffing the air for the scents of dan and jackson . 
 to my surprise , the overwhelming smell of pine sol touched my nose . 
 curious , i followed it through the house , noting that my living room had been straightened up , all of the laundry carefully piled into one mound , the tables and chairs cleaned off of all pizza boxes . 
 i headed into the kitchen and blinked when i came across dan and jackson there , scrubbing it clean . 
 my eyes widened at the sight . 
 dan was wearing the striped frilly apron that holly favored and slinging a mop across the tile of my enormous kitchen . 
 at the sink , jackson 's hands were buried in suds as he did the dishes by hand . 
 the kitchen was spotless , the granite counters gleaming . 
 it was clear that they 'd been busy for a few hours . 
 `` hi , '' i said , since they probably could n't smell me over the cleaning supplies . 
 dan 's head jerked up and he gave me a sheepish grin , blushing and fisting his hand into the apron . 
 he quickly tore it off and looked over to jackson for reassurance . 
 jackson simply moved a bowl from the sudsy water to the rinse water , and then set it on top of a towel on the counter . 
 `` did you sleep okay ? '' 
 `` i did , '' i said , moving into the kitchen on careful bare feet . 
 the floors were slick with water . 
 dan was n't a great mopper , but i had to give the kid props for trying . 
 `` what are you guys doing ? '' 
 `` cleaning , '' jackson told me , his voice mild . 
 well , duh . 
 `` i mean , why ? '' 
 he glanced at me over his shoulder . 
 `` from what i was understanding , this is our home now , too . 
 you 've gone through a rough time , and dan and i appreciate the welcome . 
 least we can do is show it . '' 
 `` we 're not afraid of work , '' dan said in a quiet voice . 
 what did i say to that ? 
 thank you ? 
 welcome home ? 
 i chewed the inside of my cheek for a minute , thinking , then headed to the fridge . 
 `` the others will be here for breakfast at nine , so it 's a good thing you guys decided to clean . '' 
 i opened the fridge and winced at how completely empty it was . 
 man , i was a horrible hostess . 
 `` um . 
 breakfast might not be ... great . '' 
 `` i can go out and get something ? '' 
 dan stopped his mopping and gave me a hopeful look . 
 `` there 's a burger place up the highway a few miles . 
 i 'm sure they serve breakfast . '' 
 he looked so eager that i found myself smiling at him . 
 i went to the front hall and grabbed my purse , then pulled out my wallet and gave him a wad of twenties . 
 `` okay . 
 buy enough for seven hungry werewolves . '' 
 i thought for a moment , then added , `` you might want to call ahead to give them a heads up to cook extra . '' 
 he grinned at me and then turned to jackson . 
 `` can i have the keys ? '' 
 jackson only raised an eyebrow at him . 
 `` i 'll go the speed limit . 
 promise . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` be back by nine . '' 
 dan grinned and tossed the mop into a nearby bucket of dirty water , then raced to the front door . 
 a moment later , it slammed shut . 
 i glanced over at jackson . 
 `` he 's a good kid . '' 
 `` dan 's a great kid . 
 he 's excited to be here , too . 
 been too long since we 've had a pack to call home . '' 
 jackson drained the sink and then began to wipe his hands on a dish towel , then turned and looked over at me . 
 studying me . 
 after a moment , he asked , `` how you holding up ? '' 
 that felt weirdly intimate . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and shrugged . 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 everyone will be here at nine . 
 we 'll introduce you to the pack , let you get to know the group . 
 i 'm hoping it 'll go smoothly . '' 
 it probably would n't , but i could always hope . 
 he nodded , not contradicting me . 
 `` we have one more thing i should probably take care of before the others get here . '' 
 he glanced out the window , watching dan rip down the gravel driveway in the plumbing van . 
 to his credit , he did n't wince when the kid nearly ran off into the ditch . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 now i was curious . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 he turned back to me and gave me a long , assessing look . 
 `` mate mark . '' 
 my face immediately flamed bright red . 
 `` just the mark , '' jackson said , holding a hand out to me to calm the protest that he expected . 
 `` nothing more . 
 but with me here taking the alpha spot , they 're going to ask , and it 's best if we 're a unified front . '' 
 `` that means you need to wear one , too . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said easily . 
 `` you want to go first ? 
 i do n't want you to be uncomfortable . '' 
 `` i 'm not uncomfortable , '' i bluffed , though it was totally a lie . 
 i was squirmy and nervous as hell , my pulse fluttering in my throat . 
 `` and sure , i 'll go first . '' 
 i strode to him and stood before jackson , sizing him up . 
 his posture was easy and relaxed , so different from my own . 
 it was as if he walked into a new pack and established himself on a daily basis or something . 
 hell , for all i knew about him , maybe he did . 
 but ... beggars could n't be choosers . 
 jackson was an alpha , and he was going to let me keep my spot without making my life hell , and i 'd get to continue to protect what was left of my small family . 
 he was my only option . 
 so , despite the quiver in my stomach , i reached up and put my hand to the back of his neck , pulling him down to mouth level . 
 i did n't rise up to meet him - that meant i was adjusting to his dominance , and i wanted him to adjust to mine for my mark . 
 he bent low , and then his neck was close to my mouth , bare and pulsing with heat , and i saw the brush of the loose curls against his nape . 
 he smelled like sweat and wolf and that spicy faint scent i was coming to identify as jackson . 
 it was an ... oddly pleasing combination . 
 i studied his neck for a moment longer , then licked his skin with a long swipe of my tongue , readying him . 
 i 'd never given the mate mark before . 
 cash and i were n't marked because we were siblings , and it always threw off other werewolves until they saw us working together . 
 we 'd been a unified team from day one . 
 marks and matings were n't necessary with a sibling as an alpha like they were with a stranger . 
 i had n't realized how erotic licking another alpha 's neck could be , though , and just how much i 'd missed when i 'd shared alphadom with my brother in a chaste working relationship . 
 because licking jackson 's neck ? 
 kind of arousing . 
 his skin was warm under my tongue , and i tasted the salt of his sweat . 
 his throat flexed in response , as if he was swallowing hard , but he did n't touch me . 
 i was in control . 
 i wanted to lick him again . 
 but i did n't , because i did n't know what that would do to our weird relationship . 
 so i simply bared my teeth and bit down on his skin in a hard , aggressive mark . 
 a small jerk of response was the only reaction i got . 
 i pulled away , and he moved back , too . 
 i noticed jackson was watching me with an intense look on his face . 
 his eyes were slitted as he straightened , and i watched him touch the mark i 'd left on his neck . 
 it was bright red , the outline of my mouth clear . 
 i 'd just claimed myself a mate . 
 i was feeling a little weirdly breathless about it , too . 
 i could n't stop staring at the mark , pleased and aroused at the sight of it . 
 that was mine . 
 he was mine . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 he asked in a low voice . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i echoed , my thoughts a blur . 
 ready for what ? 
 that gorgeous , slow smile curved his mouth again , making my pulse flutter again . 
 `` for my mark . '' 
 `` oh . 
 right . '' 
 i knew that . 
 i pulled my almost-dry hair off of my neck in an effort to be helpful , and stepped closer . 
 i tilted my head back , showing my throat in an extremely vulnerable angle that immediately set my hackles on edge . 
 i never showed throat to anyone . 
 my entire body locked with tension . 
 his hand brushed through my hair , grazing my hand and then clasping over it . 
 with his other hand , he tilted my chin a little more so i was even more open to him . 
 i jerked when his head bent low , almost stepping backward , but his hand over mine , both tangled in my hair , kept me in place . 
 `` calm , alice , '' he told me in that low , soothing voice . 
 `` you know it has to be done . 
 you know i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 i knew both . 
 it did n't mean i was n't skittish . 
 i forced myself to stay still as he leaned in closer , and i could hear him inhale . 
 then , he licked my skin in a long , slow swipe of his tongue that felt entirely too good . 
 i sucked in a breath , startled . 
 and then he bit . 
 something close to an orgasm crashed through me , and i choked on air , sputtering as the sensation made my toes curl and my body ache with something dangerously close to want . 
 his bite had n't been nearly as fierce as mine . 
 it was like everything else with jackson - utterly smooth and delicious , conquering with a smile and a caress instead of a snap to the throat . 
 and it made me feel ... weird . 
 like i was losing a bit of myself . 
 as soon as his mouth lifted , i jerked away from him , not caring that it meant ripping a few hairs out of my scalp . 
 `` great , '' i said quickly . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 his eyes were shining and dangerously close to wolf . 
 `` no problem , '' he said , voice husky , and he licked his lips . 
 and lord help me , i wanted to lick them , too . 
 so i bolted away , murmuring something about laundry and cleaning before the pack returned . 
 chapter six holly was the first to arrive back at the house . 
 it was n't a surprise - if there was such a thing as a good egg , it was holly . 
 sweet , kind , caring , thoughtful , and utterly delightful to be around , she was more mature than most sixteen-year-olds i knew . 
 she also brought baby eddie with her , as i knew she would . 
 she loved that child and had taken over as his de-facto mother when joanne had abandoned him , and that suited me fine . 
 there were a lot of times that i could n't juggle the baby and the pack , so i was grateful to holly for stepping in . 
 she arrived through the kitchen door just as i was tossing a load of laundry into the dryer . 
 i smelled her surprise , and bolted out of the washroom before she could panic . 
 when i re-entered the kitchen , she was standing in the center , baby eddie on her hip , several plastic bags of groceries dangling from her other hand . 
 and she was staring at jackson , who was under the sink , long , strong legs sticking out as he did something to my garbage disposal . 
 `` hi , '' she began , and then stopped at the sight of me , her gaze dropping to my neck . 
 `` i ... oh . '' 
 hope lit her features , almost painful to see . 
 `` a new alpha ? '' 
 i gestured at jackson , who was even now sliding out from under the sink , and i took the groceries from her so i 'd have something to do . 
 `` meet jackson wilder . 
 he 's going to be our new alpha . '' 
 `` oh gosh . 
 hi , '' she said , her voice sweet and utterly thrilled . 
 she smiled at him and bounced the baby on her hip . 
 `` i 'm holly , and this is eddie . '' 
 i wanted to turn and put the groceries away , but i found myself transfixed to their interactions . 
 i was curious how jackson would treat holly . 
 she was sixteen and pretty . 
 would he leer at her like roscoe did ? 
 size her up for mate-hood ? 
 but he only gave her a friendly smile and ruffled her blonde hair . 
 `` pleased to meet you . '' 
 and he held his arms out for eddie . 
 i watched as holly handed the fat baby over to him . 
 jackson bounced him a little , smiling . 
 eddie 's arms and legs flailed and kicked for a moment as he watched jackson , and he gurgled . 
 then , he sprouted dark gray wolf hair everywhere . 
 holly giggled as jackson 's eyes widened in shock . 
 he looked over at me , helpless . 
 `` did i do something wrong ? '' 
 i could n't help the chuckle that escaped my throat , and i moved forward to take the child from jackson . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure he just challenged you for dominance . '' 
 jackson grinned at me , handing eddie over . 
 `` he 's a little young to take over the pack , i think . '' 
 `` he is , '' i said , cooing as i pulled eddie into my arms . 
 immediately , the hair began to recede , and within a few moments , the baby looked normal again . 
 jackson offered a finger to the baby 's waving fist , and eddie latched onto it . 
 `` does he do that a lot ? '' 
 jackson asked . 
 `` my last pack had no small children , so i 've never been around pups . '' 
 `` he 's too little to help his reactions , so we have to watch him . 
 just do n't make any sudden moves around him when we 're in public and you should be fine . '' 
 for a man that had n't been around children much , he seemed to be fascinated - and pleased - by eddie . 
 i recalled how he 'd been with dan - patient , kind , understanding . 
 like a father . 
 he 'd make a great alpha , i realized . 
 i just had to get over my skittish responses to him . 
 i bounced the baby to distract myself even as holly moved toward the groceries . 
 `` i brought a bunch of food , '' she said in a cheerful voice . 
 `` i was n't sure if there was anything left in the house , and you mentioned breakfast , so i thought i 'd make pancakes just in case . '' 
 i grinned at holly . 
 `` we sent dan out to get fast food . '' 
 `` dan ? '' 
 she asked , pulling groceries out of one of the sacks . 
 as if on cue , the van roared down the gravel path and skidded to a quick halt behind holly 's beat up little hatchback . 
 dan hopped out of the car , arms laden with bags , and began bounding toward the kitchen door . 
 `` that 's him right now , '' i said . 
 `` jackson brought dan with him . '' 
 `` oh , '' she said , straightening curiously . 
 her nostrils flared , and i could tell she was picking scents out of the air . 
 or trying to , anyhow . 
 the smell of burger joints and grease entered the kitchen about two seconds before dan did . 
 the teenage boy jerked to a standstill at the sight of holly and her blonde hair . 
 his face went beet red and his throat worked . 
 he looked at her , then at me desperately . 
 i handed the baby off to jackson again . 
 `` let me help you with that , dan . '' 
 `` i ... thank you . '' 
 his voice cracked and i could have sworn he got even redder . 
 i took bags from him and set them on the counter , starting to go through the food he 'd gotten . 
 lots of breakfast sandwiches , lots of breakfast tacos . 
 smart boy . 
 `` this is perfect , dan . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` of course . 
 anytime . '' 
 he looked awkward and yet happy , his gaze sliding over to holly repeatedly , and then back to me . 
 `` holly , this is dan st. james . 
 he 's in jackson 's pack , which means he 's now part of ours . '' 
 `` hi , '' holly said in a soft , shy voice . 
 she looked like she was turning red , too . 
 dan immediately thrust his big hand at her . 
 she giggled and took it gently , shaking it . 
 `` do you , um , want to help me put away the groceries ? 
 there 's some more in my car , but i could n't get them because i had the baby . '' 
 `` i 'd love to , '' he said , looking at me again . 
 i nodded at him . 
 `` thank you , dan . '' 
 the two of them went out of the kitchen , dan holding the door open for holly . 
 i glanced over at jackson , amused . 
 his mouth was curled into an equally amused smile , and he patted the baby on the back , jiggling him . 
 `` well , i think those two will get along well . '' 
 `` he 's not going to be ... pushy with her , is he ? 
 holly 's a good girl . '' 
 and i really did n't want to have ` the talk ' with her . 
 sixteen felt so young to me . 
 then again , i was twenty four , and no one had ever had the talk with me . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'll make sure that he treats her with respect , though i do n't think that will be a problem . 
 never met a more straight-laced kid than dan . '' 
 i nodded . 
 everything i 'd seen said the same . 
 `` i 'm just being protective . '' 
 `` i 'd expect no less , '' he said , and patted the baby on the back some more . 
 `` where are the others ? '' 
 `` should be along any minute , '' i said . 
 `` trina will be with spence , and spence went to go get len out of jail . '' 
 `` jail , huh ? '' 
 `` probably just general rowdiness , '' i told him , pulling food out of the bags and sorting it by types of breakfast meats . 
 breakfast tacos with sausage , ones with no sausage , ones with bacon , no bacon . 
 ones with both bacon and sausage , etc. `` len 's been struggling since cash died . 
 he 's acting out . '' 
 `` i understand , '' he said . 
 `` but it stops today . '' 
 `` sounds good to me . 
 i do n't want to have to bail him out again . '' 
 though i knew len would n't like jackson 's new position . 
 not at all . 
 and if dan tried to set himself up as beta ? 
 it 'd get even more messy . 
 jackson played with the baby while i unpacked food and holly and dan made short work of the groceries . 
 we pulled out glasses for orange juice -lrb- that holly had brought -rrb- and made a watered-down sippy cup for the baby and set out breakfast for the rest of the group . 
 as if on cue , trina , spence and len showed up just as i 'd finished setting the last paper plate on the table . 
 trina was the first one through the door , cellphone in hand . 
 her dark hair was pulled into a thick french braid , and she wore a trendy neon tank top under a cutoff jean jacket and matching shorts . 
 on anyone older , it would have been a risqué outfit , but trina was thirteen and her figure was coltish and slim , so she simply looked young . 
 spence came in after her , dressed in a wrinkled t-shirt and dirty jeans , his hair rumpled . 
 len was behind him , and looked even worse for the wear , several days growth of beard on his jaw . 
 they stopped at the sight of jackson , still holding baby eddie , and dan , seated next to him . 
 holly sat next to dan , her eyes wide as her gaze flicked from me to the others . 
 watching for reactions . 
 they were n't long in coming . 
 len pushed forward , scowling at jackson . 
 `` who the fuck are you ? '' 
 i pointed at the table . 
 `` sit . 
 eat breakfast . '' 
 len sat , glaring . 
 spence and trina did too , their eyes wide . 
 i started to toss wrapped breakfast food in front of each person . 
 `` we 're going to eat breakfast , and while we do , i 'm going to talk . 
 and you 're all going to sit and listen , got it ? '' 
 i turned to glare at each one in turn , exerting my will on them . 
 `` we 're going to behave like a civilized pack . '' 
 silence . 
 i looked over at len , the most vocal of my small group . 
 he was staring at my neck , his jaw clenched in a mutinous scowl . 
 oh great . 
 he 'd seen the mate mark and he was n't pleased . 
 his gaze swung to jackson and i admit , i looked over at jackson , too . 
 my mark was plain as day on jackson 's tanned throat . 
 for some reason , that embarrassed me . 
 it was like advertising to the world ` hey , i 'm going to shack up with this guy . ' 
 `` you all know the problem we 're having with roscoe . 
 and you all know that the last thing i want for us - for all of us - is him stepping in and taking over . 
 the girls wo n't be safe with him at the lead . '' 
 i looked at trina and holly 's pale faces . 
 spence pulled trina closer to him , hugging his younger sister . 
 the scowl on his face echoed len 's . 
 `` and you know that since cash died ... '' a knot formed in my throat and i swallowed hard . 
 grief threatened to choke me again . 
 as if sensing my distress , jackson handed the baby off to dan and stood . 
 he moved to my side of the table and placed a hand on my shoulder . 
 the unfamiliar touch made me jump , startling me . 
 len 's eyes narrowed , watching us . 
 jackson 's hand rubbed my shoulder , comfortingly . 
 one might almost say possessively . 
 it was expected , especially with a new alpha stepping in . 
 but i 'd made things awkward by flinching away . 
 even now , i stood next to him , stiff as a board . 
 `` my name is jackson wilder , '' he said , and gestured at the other end of the table . 
 `` that 's dan st. james . 
 we were passing through texas when alice called and suggested we pool our resources . 
 i liked what i saw and that 's why i 'm here . '' 
 trina 's nose wrinkled . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 we do n't know you . 
 how 'd alice get your phone number ? '' 
 `` there 's an alliance agency , '' i began , not mentioning that it was a dating agency . 
 i had some pride left . 
 spence and len groaned . 
 `` alliance ? 
 you serious ? '' 
 len asked . 
 `` those nutjobs ? 
 that 's for packless freaks . '' 
 `` the alliance is made up of a lot of different shifters , '' jackson said , clearly unruffled by the tension at the table . 
 no one was eating . 
 they were just staring at the mountain of wrapped sandwiches . 
 `` and it 's good to have allies when you 're down on your luck . '' 
 `` we 're wolves , '' len sneered . 
 `` we do n't need allies . 
 we have the pack . '' 
 `` we also do n't need their dating agency , then , do we , len ? '' 
 i glared at him . 
 he slouched lower in his seat , scowling . 
 `` so anyhow , '' i continued , clenching my hands on the table so i would n't start wringing them . 
 `` jackson is our new alpha and he 's my ... mate . 
 it 's going to take some time for everyone to get used to each other , but as of today , i want you all back in the house . 
 you know the rules , too . 
 no changing to wolf unless on savage territory . 
 no pack runs without clearing it through an alpha first . 
 no interaction with other wolf packs without clearing it first , for the protection of everyone . '' 
 `` what about jackson 's rules ? '' 
 holly asked , her voice whisper-thin . 
 `` does n't his pack have rules ? '' 
 jackson 's thumb caressed my nape again . 
 `` we 're going to go with alice 's rules for now . 
 she knows you better than i do . 
 if anything needs changing , we 'll discuss it . '' 
 len snorted . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i snapped at him . 
 he shrugged his shoulders , glaring up at me and jackson . 
 `` i ca n't believe you picked up a stranger on the internet . '' 
 he would n't look me in the eye , though . 
 that would have been a challenge , and male wolves never challenged female wolves . 
 `` we needed an alpha , '' i told him , my teeth gritting . 
 i could feel the growl rising in my throat . 
 `` another alpha was the only way to keep the girls out of roscoe 's grasp -- `` `` yeah , well , he does n't seem very alpha , '' len said , getting to his feet . 
 he was a yard away from me , in the seat closest to mine at the table . 
 i 'd noticed that he 'd picked that spot - probably very deliberately . 
 when he stood up , he towered over me . 
 `` you should be with me . '' 
 `` len , do n't even start , '' i said . 
 he reached for my arm -- only to have his hand batted away by jackson . 
 `` that a challenge ? '' 
 jackson asked in his low , careful voice . 
 `` it 's not , '' i said quickly , trying to push between them . 
 `` len does n't even want me . 
 not really . 
 he just wants to be in charge , but he does n't realize -- `` `` oh , it 's a challenge , '' len said , refuting my words . 
 `` no , '' i began , but no one was listening to me any longer . 
 over my head , jackson seized len by his shirt , and before i could blink an eye , he 'd thrown len against the kitchen wall and held him there , pinned . 
 jackson 's lips were bared in a snarl , and as i watched , he stared down len . 
 just stared at him . 
 no thrown punches , nothing . 
 a long , tense moment passed ... and then len edged his chin up , showing throat . 
 it was over so quickly . 
 jackson released len 's shirt , now stretched out from his fists , and len collapsed against the wall , chest heaving as if he 'd ran a mile . 
 he stared at us for a long moment , then bolted for the door . 
 i needed to go after him , smooth things over . 
 trina had the same idea . 
 she got to her feet , intending to go after her brother . 
 `` no , '' jackson said , pointing at her . 
 then he looked at me and gave a slight shake of his head , as if he knew what i was going to do . 
 trina thumped back into her seat , eyes wide . 
 `` let 's finish breakfast , shall we ? '' 
 jackson 's voice was easy . 
 `` it 'll make alice unhappy if we waste all this food . '' 
 i did n't give a shit about the food . 
 every instinct in me that wanted to keep the pack together screamed that i should go after len . 
 it was hard to ignore that and sit back down , but i did , the thump of my seat echoing trina 's from a few moments ago . 
 i forced myself to pick up a sandwich , unwrap it , and take a big bite . 
 following my lead , the others began to eat . 
 chapter seven when breakfast was over , the kids scattered to unpack their things and return their rooms to normal . 
 holly , always the thoughtful one , offered to help dan set up his room . 
 trina naturally wanted to help as well , and tagged along . 
 before i knew it , they were all hanging out in dan 's new room , pointing out how he should arrange furniture and asking him what sports he liked , what tv shows he and jackson watched . 
 they seemed to be settling in okay . 
 `` jackson and i are going to run and visit the rent houses . 
 you have my number if anything comes up , right ? '' 
 they nodded . 
 holly smiled gently at me . 
 trina texted into her phone , ignoring me . 
 heck , things were almost back to normal . 
 `` okay then , '' i said , and left them upstairs . 
 i headed back down to where jackson was hanging out in the living room . 
 he seemed to realize that hovering would only make everyone more anxious , so had split off from the group once he 'd finished eating . 
 i headed in to the living room and his gaze immediately went to me , though he did n't get up off the sofa . 
 `` i want you to come on a business call with me . '' 
 `` sure thing , '' he said , voice easy . 
 `` unless you have somewhere you need to be ? '' 
 `` no plumbing calls at the minute , '' he told me . 
 his gaze did n't leave my face , though . 
 `` business is slow when you 're new to an area . 
 i imagine that 'll change soon enough . '' 
 thinking about the future made me all flustered again , especially when he was looking at me like that . 
 we got into my truck , since i insisted on driving . 
 jackson was fine with that - again , not something i was used to . 
 cash would always fight me on this sort of thing , because he liked to be in charge of everything . 
 just one more way that jackson was different than the alphas i was used to . 
 of course he 's different , i chided myself . 
 the others were your family . 
 this one 's your mate . 
 the thought of having a mate freaked me out a little . 
 i cast another nervous look his direction , my hands tight on the steering wheel as i turned the truck onto the local farm road . 
 my phone rang , and i fumbled for it , grateful for the interruption in my thoughts . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` hi , is this alice ? '' 
 i frowned at the female voice . 
 i had n't looked at the number before i answered , my concentration on the road . 
 i noticed jackson 's posture had changed . 
 he was listening ; werewolf ears were so keen that we could pick up phone conversations from several feet away . 
 likely he was just being protective , knowing i 'd been harassed lately . 
 it still bugged me . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 i asked , my voice brusque . 
 `` oh , this is bathsheba ward-russell , from midnight liaisons . 
 i thought i 'd call and see how things were going . 
 i noticed your profile was updated and attached to jackson wilder 's . 
 have you guys made a match ? '' 
 my mouth worked silently as i tried to process this . 
 i had n't updated my profile ? 
 a quick glance over at jackson and he raised his eyebrows at me , as if challenging me to answer her . 
 `` match ? '' 
 i asked , the nervous squeak in my voice again . 
 `` tell her we 've mated , '' jackson said in a low voice , not wanting to interrupt my conversation . 
 despite the soothing tone of his voice , i still felt that irresistible urge to please my alpha . 
 it was not a comforting feeling . 
 jackson was an alpha with a strong personality , despite his charming demeanor . 
 whatever he wanted , he could get , just by a smile and a softly worded command . 
 `` um . 
 profile . 
 yes . 
 i updated it , '' i lied . 
 `` jackson and i have combined our packs . '' 
 `` mated , '' jackson corrected again , off to my side . 
 i ignored him . 
 `` so yeah , i wo n't be needing your services anymore . '' 
 `` oh , that 's great , '' bathsheba said , her voice happy . 
 she was oblivious to the tension on the other side of the phone . 
 `` then that brings me to my other reason for calling . 
 my husband beau wanted me to invite you two out to dinner to discuss the possibility of the savage pack - though i guess it 's the savage-wilder pack now - joining the alliance ? '' 
 `` i do n't think -- `` i began . 
 `` we 'd love to go , '' jackson told me , his voice firmer and louder . 
 `` tell her that . '' 
 i cast him an irritated look . 
 `` would you shut up for two seconds ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 bathsheba said , confused . 
 `` not you , '' i told her quickly , glaring at jackson and trying to drive at the same time . 
 `` i have a backseat driver that wo n't be quiet . '' 
 he simply grinned at me , amused by my surly attitude . 
 `` just tell her we 'll go to dinner and i 'll be quiet . '' 
 i did n't want to go to dinner . 
 not with the alliance , who were a bunch of busybodies that stuck their noses in where they did n't belong . 
 my pack did n't need the alliance . 
 that was for shifters that did n't have pack support . 
 we had everything we needed now that jackson had arrived to lead us . 
 except my new leader ? 
 had some ideas i was n't keen on . 
 i glared at him again , and found him giving me a challenging stare . 
 an alpha stare . 
 i continued to glare at him , not willing to break gaze . 
 the first one to look away would lose the challenge . 
 `` you 're about to run over that mailbox , '' jackson murmured at me , eyes still locked with mine . 
 shit . 
 i broke gaze , righted the truck on the road , and gritted my teeth . 
 `` we 'd love to go to dinner . '' 
 `` perfect , '' bath said happily . 
 we made plans for over the weekend . 
 a double date -lrb- god -rrb- over dinner . 
 when the conversation ended , i clicked off my phone and tossed it into my purse , glaring at jackson out of the corner of my eye . 
 `` challenging me while i 'm driving is totally not playing fair . '' 
 `` the alliance would be good for the pack , '' he said . 
 `` i disagree . '' 
 `` and that 's why i had to challenge . '' 
 `` yeah , but while i 'm driving ? 
 not cool . '' 
 `` i guess i could have used other methods of persuasion , '' he said in a husky voice . 
 `` would you prefer those next time ? '' 
 a ripple of awareness ripped through me , and i remembered his mouth on my neck , licking my skin . 
 i sucked in a breath , my nipples going hard . 
 `` a challenge is fine , '' i said flatly . 
 he laughed . 
 a few minutes later , we pulled into a tiny suburb sprawl in the midst of nowhere . 
 jackson gave me a curious look when we took a right on alice lane . 
 `` is that a coincidence ? '' 
 `` nope , '' i told him . 
 `` i own all these houses . '' 
 he looked impressed , staring out the window at the small ranch-style houses , neatly lined up on acre plots . 
 `` how many are there ? '' 
 `` fifty-six , '' i told him . 
 `` i was n't joking when i said i was a slum lord . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` these are n't slums to me . 
 they 're nice houses . '' 
 they were . 
 i was proud of them . 
 `` my dad was a builder , '' i told him . 
 `` worked for other people for the first twenty years or so , and then came into some money when his father died , and left him a couple hundred acres out in the country . 
 my father decided that he 'd do something with that land and that money , and built a bunch of houses so he could rent them out to people that needed housing but could n't really afford it . '' 
 `` your dad sounds like a great guy , '' he murmured , still looking out the window . 
 `` he was , '' i said , my throat getting tight as i thought about my father . 
 gone five years now , still missed him every day . 
 i swallowed and cleared my throat . 
 `` we could probably get a grand a month for each of these houses , but we only charge three hundred . 
 everyone that lives here needs some sort of assistance . 
 we have a lot of single mothers , elderly , disabled , you name it . 
 lots of shifters , too , '' i said , glancing over at him . 
 `` got ta look out for our own people . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` anyhow , our pack does fine with what we bring in a month . 
 fifty-six houses at three hundred a month is still a good living , and we 're helping people out . 
 i ca n't bring myself to do it . '' 
 i 'd argued with cash about it time and time again , too , because he did n't have the same generous spirit that dad had . 
 i got a vague pang of worry about jackson . 
 what if he thought the same way that cash did ? 
 that fifty-two grand a month instead of fifteen was worth putting the squeeze on our poor residents ? 
 but he only looked over at me . 
 `` you got any plumbing issues ? 
 i 'm more than happy to help out . '' 
 and that was why i was starting to think that maybe this could work , despite our issues . 
 `` all the time , '' i admitted with a smile . 
 `` summer tends to be heavy on electricity issues , though . 
 air conditioners going on the fritz and such . 
 i do a lot of quick maintenance on them , but i have to call someone out every now and then . '' 
 he grinned at me as we pulled into a driveway . 
 `` i 'm starting to learn that you 're a rather self-sufficient woman . '' 
 his praise made me feel warm inside . 
 i could n't help but watch him as i introduced him to my tenant and we stepped inside the already-warm house . 
 i tinkered with the ac , checking the p-trap and resetting the breakers while jackson chatted with eliza and even held her baby while she pointed out issues with the toilets running and making their water bill climb . 
 luckily , the ac fix was an easy one , and i had it blowing cool air again within an hour . 
 jackson fixed her toilets , a leak in the kitchen sink , and by the time we left , had completely charmed eliza . 
 i drove him out to another house that i knew had leaky faucets , and we got those fixed as well . 
 with fifty-six houses to maintain , i pretty much ran out to visit at least one a day . 
 that was my job - making sure everyone was taken care of and collecting rent . 
 once we were done , though , i drove around the small suburb since jackson seemed interested , and gave him a tour of alice lane as well as cash drive , june court -lrb- my mother 's name -rrb- and donald way -lrb- my father 's name -rrb- . 
 we unofficially called them the savage estates , and even though it was just a bunch of ranch houses out in the boonies , i was proud of them and what they represented . 
 jackson seemed pleased at them , too . 
 i then gave him a tour of the rest of savage property , since my big victorian was situated on a couple hundred acres in the other direction . 
 they 'd been seeded with a lot of fast growing trees and barb-wire fenced some time ago so we 'd have a safe place to run and play and be wolves without fear of getting shot by hunters . 
 it was a rarity in this day and age , and i loved the freedom we had . 
 the savage pack was self-sufficient . 
 we did n't need anyone . 
 we especially did n't need the alliance . 
 and part of me kind of hated that we needed jackson . 
 the fact that he made me feel all weird and fluttery inside ? 
 felt a bit like betrayal . 
 like being attracted to him meant i was somehow doing a disservice to my pack history . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ the day was a long , long one . 
 by the time we 'd finished running around the savage estates and touring our property , we came home and ordered pizza . 
 i found that the rest of the pack seemed to be getting along great , with the exception of len , who had returned but was still sulky . 
 we all hung out in the living room and watched movies together , eating pizza and popcorn and chattering through the movie . 
 holly held the baby , and i noticed that dan sat next to her on the loveseat , though he was stiff and awkward . 
 i knew how he felt . 
 i 'd sat on the sofa and jackson had promptly sat right next to me , draping his arm over my shoulders in a possessive move that len had n't missed . 
 i knew it was for show . 
 jackson had to push his role as alpha and my mate onto the others . 
 once they accepted it , they 'd relax and settle in and things would smooth out . 
 len would step back into his role as beta and be fine with jackson . 
 it was just me that was skittish . 
 me that had a hard time relaxing when jackson 's arm lay over my shoulders or played with my hair . 
 and when i yawned through the second movie and jackson suggested that we head to bed ? 
 i was pretty sure that everyone scented my nervousness , even though no one commented on it . 
 we headed up to my room after saying our goodnights to the others . 
 our victorian was split , bedroom-wise , and the alphas had rooms opposite from the rest of the pack . 
 our rooms were bigger than the others , and the room that cash had shared with joanne was currently empty . 
 jackson could always take that one once his dominance was firmly established . 
 but for now ? 
 while we were still establishing pack hierarchy ? 
 he 'd be bunking with me . 
 and that made me nervous and on edge . 
 his hand was on my back as we entered my room . 
 my bed was a full size and stood in the center of the room . 
 i stared at it as i entered , painfully aware of just how small it would be with two normal-sized people in it . 
 i turned and shut the door , trying to think . 
 there was a chair in my room , but i was aware that jackson had n't slept much last night . 
 putting him back in the uncomfortable chair would be unfair to him , and i needed him strong . 
 but i still hesitated . 
 `` i can sleep in the chair , '' he said , as if sensing my thoughts . 
 `` no , '' i told him . 
 `` it 's cool . 
 we can share the bed . 
 we 're supposed to be mated , anyhow . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 he raised an eyebrow at me . 
 `` oh yeah , '' i said , making sure my voice was as casual as i could make it . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 he moved into the room and began to strip off his shirt . 
 `` you want the right side or the left side ? '' 
 `` left . '' 
 we were so normal about all of this . 
 like it was nothing . 
 i glanced over at him from under my lashes and noticed his broad bare chest . 
 he was unbuckling his belt and sliding down his jeans , and i caught sight of a pair of checkered boxers before i turned away again . 
 i needed to change , too . 
 i could just strip down my clothing . 
 nudity was n't anything for shifters , especially werewolves , since you tore off your clothing before a change so you did n't ruin it . 
 i 'd seen everyone in my small pack more naked than most people saw their spouses . 
 but this was different . 
 this was me , getting undressed to climb into bed with my mate . 
 but i could n't leave the room to change . 
 what if the others noticed ? 
 plus , i needed to get used to seeing jackson naked - the full moon was tomorrow night and that meant a pack run . 
 if i acted all maidenly around him then , it 'd make things worse . 
 sucking in a deep breath , i turned my back to him , pulled my shirt over my head , and began to change out of my clothing . 
 i kept my eyes straight ahead , staring at the wall as i methodically undressed and changed into my sleep t-shirt . 
 if he watched me , i did n't notice . 
 i concentrated on undressing and then tossing my clothes in the hamper . 
 when i turned around , jackson was already in bed - right side - and fluffing one of my pillows . 
 i sucked in a deep breath , turned off the light , and climbed into bed next to him . 
 my bed was small . 
 way freaking small . 
 even when i turned on my side , i could feel jackson 's skin against mine , his arm against my arm . 
 i turned on my side , but then it meant that my ass brushed up against his arm . 
 did n't want that . 
 of course , if i flipped around , my breasts would be rubbing up against him and my face would be inches away from him . 
 did n't want that , either . 
 i laid on my back again , staring up at the ceiling . 
 `` do you wan na talk , alice ? '' 
 jackson 's voice was ultra low , so low that i could barely hear it over the distant roar of another movie downstairs , and the low hum of conversation . 
 he was deliberately trying to keep our conversation quiet , so the others would n't pick up that we were talking . 
 i looked over at him in bed , and as i did , he turned on his side , facing me . 
 his scent overwhelmed my nostrils . 
 god , he smelled good . 
 god , i was so nervous . 
 `` talk ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` me and you . 
 you 're scared of me . 
 i can smell it . '' 
 so humiliating . 
 `` i am not . '' 
 `` you 're also lying in this bed , stiff as a board . '' 
 i said nothing . 
 he rubbed his neck , then sighed . 
 `` hell , alice , you 're making me feel like a damn rapist . '' 
 that only made me go stiffer . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` look , have i made you uncomfortable somehow ? 
 done something to freak you out ? '' 
 i shook my head , feeling a little guilty . 
 `` it 's not you . 
 it 's me . 
 everyone 's going to be expecting , you know . 
 you and me . 
 and i 'm ... '' `` a virgin . 
 i remember . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` trust me , i remember . '' 
 to my surprise , he reached out and brushed a lock of hair off my forehead . 
 it was a possessive , yet weirdly comforting gesture . 
 `` and they 're not expecting you and me to marry . 
 they just want pack life to get back to normal . 
 they 're desperate for it and looking to us for cues . '' 
 i was desperate for it , too . 
 but i could n't say that . 
 `` thing is , '' jackson said , then paused . 
 `` you jump every time i touch you . 
 you 're stiff with dread every time my arm brushes yours . 
 and that 's just going to keep dividing lines . '' 
 stiff ... with dread ? 
 `` i 'm not stiff with dread , '' i pointed out . 
 `` i 'm just ... a virgin . 
 this is a lot for me to take in , you know . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 his voice was achingly soft . 
 `` you ever been kissed ? '' 
 i could feel my face heating up in the dark . 
 `` once . 
 when i was twelve . 
 then cash beat the hell out of him for touching his sister . '' 
 jackson chuckled . 
 `` cash sounds like a good brother . '' 
 he was an overprotective , arrogant ass . 
 he was a risk-taker , quick to argue , hard-headed , stubborn , and unbending . 
 and i desperately , desperately missed him . 
 `` he was the best , '' i said , my voice hoarse with tears . 
 warm arms wrapped around me , and i found my face being pressed against warm male chest . 
 `` i 'm sorry , alice . 
 i know this is hard on you . 
 you have n't even had a chance to grieve . 
 not properly . 
 you 're too busy trying to hold shit together . '' 
 hot tears poured from my eyes . 
 to hear someone verbalize exactly how i felt ? 
 lost , alone , and so miserable ? 
 it felt good - and awful - at the same time . 
 i buried my face against his chest and tried to muffle my sniffles even as i continued to cry . 
 i could n't weep for my lost brother in front of the pack . 
 i had to be strong . 
 but here ? 
 in a stranger 's arms ? 
 i was going to be allowed to grieve . 
 jackson continued to stroke my hair and my back while i cried quietly , simply holding me and comforting me . 
 eventually , my tears died away . 
 i remained in his arms , though , comforted by his gentle touches and caresses . 
 `` is my touch bothering you ? '' 
 he asked , his voice low and husky against my ear . 
 `` do you want me to stop ? '' 
 just the feel of his breath against my skin made me shiver . 
 but ... i did n't want him to stop . 
 i was warm , and comforted , and for the first time in weeks , i felt safe . 
 `` i ... no . 
 i like your touch . '' 
 and then i felt a blush crawl up my cheeks for saying that . 
 `` good . 
 i like touching you , too . '' 
 my body prickled with awareness , and i became extremely aware of how i was pressed against him . 
 my breasts - loose under my sleep shirt - were pressed to his chest , and one of my knees was between his . 
 `` well , '' i said shyly . 
 `` this is one way to get used to each other . '' 
 `` it is , '' he agreed , and there was a hint of amusement in his voice . 
 i could n't see his face , though , since i was pressed against his chest , but i could picture the smile on his mouth . 
 `` you know ... you 're welcome to explore me , if you like . '' 
 `` explore ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 your virginity ? 
 it can stay as long as you want . 
 you take the lead . 
 but ... if you want to explore me without fear , get to know a man , you can . 
 i 'm willing . '' 
 i sat up , frowning down at him in the bed . 
 his face was utterly serious - and utterly gorgeous - in the low moonlight trickling in through the blinds . 
 `` is that a pick-up line ? '' 
 `` not at all . 
 but you and i are mates . '' 
 his fingers reached up to brush against the bite mark on my neck . 
 `` for the good of both of our packs . 
 so i figure this relationship can be as chaste - or not - as you want it to be . 
 i know what i want , but i 'm willing to let you lead . '' 
 anxiety - and anticipation - fluttered through me . 
 `` and ... what is it you want ? '' 
 he just gave me a sleepy-eyed look , full of desire . 
 `` you could touch me and see exactly what i want . '' 
 i sucked in a breath , my mind filling with images . 
 me , leaning over the bed , pulling down the blankets , and exposing jackson - all of jackson - to my gaze . 
 leisurely touching him however i wanted . 
 seeing how he liked it . 
 the thought was incredibly appealing . 
 `` go on , '' he murmured , pulling the blankets down and exposing his chest to me . 
 `` i wo n't touch you , alice . 
 not unless you ask me to . '' 
 hesitant , i sat back on my knees and regarded him . 
 i placed my palm against his chest , right over his heart . 
 the heavy thump thump in his chest sped up a little at my touch . 
 he felt warm , too , his skin soft . 
 his chest was tanned , though i could see tan-lines on his body - darker mid-bicep and around his collar . 
 a redneck tan , trina would laugh . 
 but looking at this gorgeous man in my bed ? 
 it was n't amusing so much as it was fascinating . 
 he had a sprinkle of chest hair across his pectorals , too , and it narrowed to a trail that led down his belly and disappeared into the waistband of his boxers . 
 i pulled the blankets down , unable to stop myself from looking ... and stopped . 
 his boxers were tented , his arousal evident . 
 my startled gaze flew back to him , but he had n't moved . 
 he was still watching me with that predatory gaze , his eyes gleaming with wolf . 
 he was ... aroused at my touch ? 
 at the thought of me exploring him ? 
 i felt my own arousal rise through me , speeding my pulse even faster . 
 i knew he only wanted me because i came with the pack , but it was hard not to be attracted to him . 
 jackson was gorgeous to look at , and utterly masculine . 
 and despite that outward serenity ? 
 he was all alpha , and it called to me and sang in my blood . 
 likewise , he probably felt a pull to me because i was a female alpha , but i was n't a beauty . 
 my nose was short , my chin stubborn and square , and i did n't do anything with my hair other than wash it . 
 i 'd lost weight in the past few weeks because of stress , so i probably looked all hollow and lost . 
 i hesitated , then brushed my hand down his thigh . 
 it was lightly sprinkled with hair , and strong . 
 i felt his muscles twitch as i touched him , and he groaned , shifting in the bed . 
 i could have sworn his boxers moved a little , too . 
 that was fascinating . 
 but i was n't ready to touch him there , yet . 
 so i ran my fingers back up his leg and then across his stomach , feeling the hard muscles there . 
 he was trim , not an ounce of fat on him . 
 his biceps were corded with muscle , and all of him was gorgeous . 
 he was built like a statue , except warm and flexing under my touch . 
 my fingertips skimmed one nipple , and i glanced at his face to see his reaction . 
 he gave another low groan , his gaze on my face . 
 i could feel my own breathing becoming rapid , my nipples tight . 
 the scent of my arousal began to hang in the air , along with a thickening musky smell that i 'd come to associate with jackson . 
 i ran my fingers along the taut nipple again , curious . 
 `` do men like to be touched here ? '' 
 `` not as much as they like to be touched in other places , '' he admitted , his voice tight . 
 `` oh , '' i said , fascinated by his reactions . 
 and i wanted more of them . 
 wanted to see what else i could do to him . 
 so i went back to touching him , my hand stroking down the firm wall of his chest . 
 did i dare to continue exploring ? 
 `` you can stop if you want , '' he told me , again in that curiously tight voice . 
 `` i do n't want you to do anything you do n't want to do . '' 
 but i was having fun . 
 and i 'd never explored a man 's body before . 
 i wanted to continue , so i just shook my head and slipped my hand into his boxers . 
 his skin was scorching hot . 
 immediately , my fingers brushed against the hard length of his cock , and something wet . 
 jackson 's breath hissed out of him , and then his hands were pushing past mine to tug at his boxers . 
 `` take these off . '' 
 i retreated , watching as he slid the boxers down his legs and kicked them to the ground , and then he was naked and laying before me . 
 and oh mercy , he was utterly gorgeous . 
 shifters tended to have appealing bodies anyhow . 
 we were naturally athletic as a race , and our metabolisms allowed us to eat like monsters . 
 but some people were just flat out mouth-watering , and jackson was clearly one of them . 
 he had a tan-line right above his groin , and below that , his skin was pale white . 
 the dark trail of hair seemed bold against his skin , leading to the curls surrounding his cock and balls . 
 and , well , he was lucky enough to be extremely well-equipped . 
 his cock was long and smooth , the head glistening with pre-cum . 
 his balls were tight round globes underneath , and i was curious to see what they 'd feel like . 
 i glanced up at jackson . 
 he nodded at me , that heavy-lidded gaze watching my every move . 
 his hands still lay to his sides , but i noticed they were curled into fists , now . 
 so he would n't reach for me and spoil my fun ? 
 i hesitated a moment longer , and then my wolf curiosity got the best of me . 
 my fingers stroked through the curls of his sex , and i brushed them against his sac . 
 the skin there was softer than i 'd imagined , yet delicate . 
 fascinated , i trailed my fingertips upward , tracing a large vein that ran along the underside of his cock . 
 his breathing became rapid . 
 `` that feels good , alice . 
 i like your touch . 
 your hands are soft . '' 
 `` softer than yours , '' i said , surprised at my teasing as i wrapped my fingers around his length , testing the girth of him . 
 thicker than i 'd imagined , too . 
 `` feels better on my cock than all these calluses , '' he told me , spreading a hand out so i could see . 
 as he did , i wondered how those calluses would feel against my skin . 
 i shivered at the thought , my nipples pricking again , and i shifted in place , feeling deliciously slick between my legs . 
 `` have you had many lovers ? '' 
 i could n't help but ask . 
 i had to know . 
 `` not many , '' he admitted . 
 `` do n't like to get involved without some sort of commitment . '' 
 i understood that . 
 it was exactly why i was a virgin still : pack came first in all aspects . 
 i studied my hand on his cock and wondered if i was brave enough to take him into my mouth and taste him . 
 maybe not yet , though i was curious what his flavor would be like on my tongue . 
 instead , i gave his cock an awkward stroke , then frowned when my fingers dragged on his skin and he winced . 
 `` am i doing this wrong ? '' 
 `` depends on what it is you 're wanting to do . '' 
 my cheeks felt scorching hot . 
 `` i thought i 'd ... um ... '' `` hand job ? '' 
 he murmured , his hand moving to my thigh and stroking it in a comforting fashion . 
 not sexual , just petting me , letting me know everything was okay . 
 i nodded . 
 `` those are tricky without lube of some kind . 
 you could spit on your hand . '' 
 at my screwed up face of disgust , he chuckled . 
 `` or not . 
 how about lotion ? '' 
 `` i have lotion , '' i said breathlessly , and leaned over to my nightstand , grabbing the tube of lotion i kept for winter nights , when my legs were dry . 
 as i sat back down , i noticed his gaze had slid to my ass and he 'd been watching me move . 
 that made me feel all hot and achy inside , in a pleasant way . 
 i held out the tube to him , settling back down to my place at his side . 
 he shook his head , hot gaze on me , that thumb still lightly stroking my thigh . 
 `` you do it . 
 put some on your palms and rub them together to heat it up . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` what if i do something wrong ? '' 
 `` you wo n't , '' he said , and gave me that lazy smile that made my heart flip-flop in my chest . 
 i squirted an enormous amount of lotion onto my hands and tossed the tube aside , then rubbed them together until they were slick . 
 then i looked over at his face , judging to see his reaction . 
 when he nodded again , i laid my hands on his cock and encircled it , then pumped . 
 `` ah , fuck , '' he bit out . 
 i flinched , my hands flying away . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` no , no , '' he said quickly , his hand going back to my thigh and patting it . 
 `` you 're doing good , alice . 
 it just felt ... really damn good . 
 startled me with how good . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i studied his face a moment longer , then encircled his cock with my slippery fingers again , stroking the hard length of him up and down . 
 i repeated the motion slowly , once or twice , then looked to him for guidance . 
 `` tighten your fingers like a circle , '' he told me , and strain was evident on his face . 
 `` stroke hard and fast . 
 i like it that way . '' 
 i focused on him again , my gaze sliding back to his cock . 
 the head was beaded with even more pre-cum , and as i watched , a drop dribbled down one side of the crown . 
 i wanted to lick him - but at this point , i 'd get a mouthful of lotion . 
 so i just gripped my fingers around him and squirmed hard at the low groan he gave in response , my sex wet with my own need . 
 god , who knew that jerking a guy off would be so hot ? 
 he made a low growl in his throat that i found incredibly erotic , and i began to stroke again , my slippery fingers gliding over him . 
 i tightened my grip , moving harder and faster against his hot skin , and his hand began to clench my thigh , hard , which only excited me and made me apply more pressure . 
 then , suddenly , his big hand covered one of mine and he began to guide my stroking , tightening my hand against him and guiding me harder and faster . 
 then , with a heavy exhale of breath , he came . 
 semen spurted onto his stomach and my hands , and i watched , fascinated , as he continued to use my grip to milk his orgasm . 
 his eyes were tightly shut , his face contorted with pleasure . 
 a few moments later , he slowed and then released my hand . 
 his eyes opened and he gave me the warmest , most sheepish smile i 'd ever seen on him . 
 `` and here i promised not to grab you . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i said breathlessly , my hands still covered with his come and lotion . 
 i wanted to do more . 
 keep touching him . 
 something . 
 i felt satisfied that i 'd made him come so hard , but curiously malcontent . 
 and overheated . 
 as i stared at him , jackson reached over the side of the bed and grabbed his boxers , then swabbed my hands with them . 
 when they were wiped mostly clean , i retreated to the adjoining bathroom and washed my hands , then crawled back into bed . 
 to my disappointment , he 'd produced a new set of boxers and had put them on . 
 he joined me in the bed a moment later , and i did n't flinch when his skin rubbed against mine this time . 
 now he felt warm and wonderful against me , and i relaxed when he put a hand around my waist , drawing me against him . 
 his lips brushed my cheekbone in the barest kiss . 
 `` night , alice . '' 
 `` night , '' i murmured to him , staring at the wall . 
 i wanted him to roll me over and touch me . 
 i wanted to touch him more . 
 i wanted him to give me a real kiss , not the peck on the cheek . 
 but i did n't know how to ask for any of it . 
 so i closed my eyes and went to sleep , his big , delicious body pressed against mine . 
 chapter eight `` you sure you 're going to be okay ? '' 
 i bounced baby eddie for a minute , then pulled him close and pressed a kiss to his forehead , inhaling the baby scent before i handed him back to holly . 
 `` i do n't like leaving you behind . '' 
 `` someone has to stay with the baby , '' she said with a sweet smile , accepting him back into her arms . 
 eddie held his chubby hands out to holly , eager for her again , and she held him close , grinning . 
 `` dan promised to take me out on a run tomorrow night just to get the wolf out of my system . '' 
 well , that was n't surprising . 
 in the short time that dan had arrived into our pack , the young man had meshed with the teenagers as if he 'd been here all his life . 
 his eager-to-please personality was a perfect fit with my group , especially good-natured and shy holly . 
 the two of them had taken to each other as if they 'd been sweethearts all their lives , and every time i turned a corner , i found them sitting or whispering together , or playing with the baby together . 
 there was never anything untoward going on - i suspected dan was extremely conscious of his place in the new pack - but it was clear they mutually adored each other . 
 two missing puzzle pieces , suddenly joined at the hip . 
 i was envious of their easy acceptance of each other . 
 why could n't i have been that way with jackson ? 
 instead , every time he looked at me , i blushed bright red . 
 every time he touched me , i jumped . 
 i gave a nervous laugh every time he cast a flirty comment in my direction . 
 in short , i was obvious as hell and completely uncomfortable . 
 i did n't know if i should flirt back - heck , i did n't know how to flirt back - and i did n't know how he 'd react if i did . 
 so i just stared at him when he teased me . 
 sexy , i know . 
 which was why i was glad that tonight was the full moon and we were readying for our pack run . 
 some packs just let their members turn wolf whenever , or spent a ton of time in wolf form . 
 my father had always cautioned me against it , though ; it was too easy to give in to the beast and let it turn you wild . 
 we were human above all things , and we needed to embrace our human side , and just let the wolf out to play occasionally . 
 with civilization creeping into every corner of the world and no place safe for a wolf anymore , it made even more sense to hunt as a pack . 
 safety in numbers . 
 we 'd go out as a group , spend all night hunting and howling at the moon , vent a little steam , and return in the morning ready to go a few more weeks in our two-legged forms . 
 but i was reluctant to leave holly and dan behind . 
 i knew , logically , that someone would have to stay with the baby . 
 we could n't just leave him to fend for himself all night . 
 as i watched , dan moved forward and held a finger out for eddie to grab . 
 the baby snagged it , fur sprouted in a show of aggression , and then he giggled , the fur dying away again . 
 dan grinned at me , clearly pleased . 
 i sighed . 
 they 'd be fine , but i still worried . 
 tonight was the full moon , and roscoe was still out there , looking to score females for his pack . 
 holly was vulnerable . 
 `` all right . 
 you have the keys to the panic room if anything happens ? '' 
 holly nodded , glancing over at dan . 
 `` we 'll probably go in there and watch movies anyhow . 
 just to be safe . '' 
 i leaned in and gave her a quick kiss on the forehead . 
 `` you do that . 
 i like safe . '' 
 she took the baby 's hand in hers and guided it into the baby version of a half-wave . 
 `` we 'll be fine . 
 you go have fun . '' 
 i left them reluctantly , heading out to the back porch . 
 the air was hot and humid despite the fact that it was almost nine at night and the sun was finally going down . 
 the heat would n't matter once we were in wolf form - you 'd be surprised at how little things like that matter when you 're in wolf form - but for now , the bodies of my waiting pack were gleaming with a fine sheen of sweat and i could smell it in the air , along with burgeoning excitement . 
 len , spence , and trina were waiting on the back porch , hanging out on one of the stair rails and horseplaying . 
 jackson stood nearby , leaning against one of the plantation-style pillars and watching them bicker with amusement . 
 all eyes turned to me the moment i arrived , and i felt an excited flutter in my stomach . 
 time to run . 
 i stripped off my shirt , grinning . 
 `` let 's go , then . '' 
 i 'd been nervous about changing full wolf in front of jackson , but the moment the anticipation hit me , all worry disappeared . 
 i tore off clothing , feeling the itch of transformation under my skin . 
 when i was naked , i knelt on the porch on all fours , noticing the others were only a pace behind . 
 my wolf came to the forefront then , and the shift tore through me , the painfully sweet jolts of muscle and tendon and bone locking and maneuvering into a new form . 
 shifting hurt - it always hurt - but you grew to anticipate the pain because of what came next : pure and utter freedom . 
 in wolf form , i bounded off the porch and looked back at the others , wagging my tail and waiting . 
 my ears pricked as i took in the sounds of their changes . 
 jackson was done - a shaggy yellow-brown wolf - but had waited on the others . 
 spence was next , his wolf small and dark , and trina 's gangly she-wolf form . 
 then len , who was tall and lean and equally so in wolf form . 
 now that my pack was ready , i gave a small whine to call their attention , and then darted for the trees . 
 i could hear the others behind me , paws hitting the ground . 
 i flicked my ears and slowed my pace , waiting for jackson to take the lead . 
 he was the alpha , and even though i might dart off into the woods , cash had always overtaken the lead from me . 
 but instead of passing me , jackson simply nipped my flanks , indicating that i should keep running . 
 he was content to let me lead . 
 my pack , my woods , my lead . 
 i turned and gave him a wolfy grin before lifting my head and howling to the moon . 
 the first few hours of wolfiness were usually the most feral . 
 we 'd run at top speed , howl at anything in the sky , chase anything moving , and generally act like wild dogs with our first taste of freedom in weeks . 
 i was no better , of course , being just as obnoxiously frisky as the others . 
 eventually , though , the racing through the woods turned into games . 
 we wrestled , chased each other , and then played a wolf version of hide and seek where you attempted to hide your scent trail from the others . 
 spence , trina and len knew the games well , but i imagine we surprised jackson when we all dashed away in opposite directions at once - and he 'd been more or less defaulted to ` it . ' 
 i bounded through the woods , lungs full of night air and the scent of the trees . 
 i could smell skunk and armadillo , squirrel and snake , and some sort of musky dead thing in the distance that made me want to check it out , but curiosity took a second place to the thrill of the chase , and i bolted through the woods merrily . 
 as my paws landed on a ridge , something hot snaked around one foot and then the world tilted . 
 the next thing i knew , pain was lancing up my hind leg and i was dangling , upside down , from a tree . 
 i 'd been caught in a snare of some kind . 
 i yelped , but no one was close by to hear me . 
 i flailed helplessly , but the rope only continued to cut harder into my foot , and i could feel the bones straining . 
 my wolf hind leg could n't support my body - i needed to transform , and fast . 
 furious , i called up my human side and began the painful transformation back . 
 a few minutes later , my human form was writhing upside down , the rope cutting into my ankle . 
 i swung back and forth , my head a few feet from the ground . 
 if i stretched , i could n't quite touch the ground - my fingers barely brushed the grass . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i called . 
 `` anybody ? 
 i 'm stuck ! '' 
 i was going to be furious later , when i had time to relax and calm down and let it process that someone had been on my property and set a rope trap . 
 but for now , i was focused on the pain in my leg and the need to get down . 
 i heard rustling in the distance , and that musky dead smell grew stronger . 
 i tried to spin around , hearing something coming up behind me , but i only managed to make myself swing from the tree . 
 a moment later , the dead smell grew stronger , overwhelming ... along with the smell of my hated enemy . 
 roscoe . 
 a shiver of fear crept up my spine , immediately followed by anger . 
 how dare he come on my land and set traps ? 
 he did n't belong here . 
 he 'd be attacked by any other wolf clan for simply encroaching territory . 
 but he kept straying onto ours because he thought we had no alpha and were vulnerable . 
 he was about to be in for a shock , then . 
 `` i might have known , '' i said fiercely . 
 i twisted in the ropes again , flinging my arms wide to try and grasp on to something . 
 `` i thought i smelled something foul . '' 
 `` thought i 'd disguise my scent , '' roscoe drawled . 
 `` ca n't have you figuring out all my plans based on smell alone , now can i ? 
 ai n't no fun in that . '' 
 `` you need to leave savage territory , '' i told him coldly . 
 `` i 'm warning you . '' 
 he slapped my naked ass . 
 `` had no idea you had such a nice body , girl . 
 it 's gon na be fun to mate you . '' 
 i twisted , trying to show my neck . 
 `` joke 's on you , jackass . 
 you 're too late . 
 i 'm already mated . '' 
 `` say what ? '' 
 i heard the knife a moment before the rope slackened , and then i was dumped unceremoniously to the ground . 
 i barely managed to roll , my reflexes automatically shifting my body to protect my head . 
 i scrambled to my feet , feeling dizzy from my stint upside down , and glared at roscoe while wobbling . 
 i was n't about to run away . 
 not from him . 
 this was a direct challenge and i 'd be damned if i ran away from a challenge . 
 i would n't run from this bully . 
 not anymore . 
 he eyed my naked body up and down , anger making his jaw clench . 
 roscoe was a hard man . 
 everything about him was hard used , from the deep crinkles around his eyes to the hard set of his mouth , to the gray in his dirty hair . 
 even his eyes were cold and mean . 
 he was strong , though , and wiry . 
 and mentally ? 
 he was a scary motherfucker . 
 i met his gaze , unwilling to drop my eyes . 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` you got some nice tits , too . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i said , putting my hands on my hips . 
 `` i 'll be sure and let my new alpha know you approve . '' 
 i tossed my hair back so he could see the mate mark on my throat . 
 his cold eyes narrowed . 
 `` now , why 'd you go and do that for ? 
 you know i 'd have taken care of you . '' 
 `` i 'm not interested in your care . '' 
 roscoe 's mouth curved in a hard , ugly smile . 
 `` you know that boy of yours is n't strong enough to beat me if i 'm interested in taking over . '' 
 `` len 's not my alpha , '' i told him simply . 
 `` i got someone stronger . 
 someone from out of the area who was looking for a pack . 
 which means you need to go . '' 
 `` really , '' he said , rocking back on his heels . 
 his fingers dug into his belt loops , and then he wiped a hand on his dirty shirt , that awful , skunky smell wafting into the air again . 
 `` and you already mated him ? '' 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 `` he a good fuck ? 
 lick that pussy hard ? '' 
 shocked by his crude words , i felt the color rising in my face . 
 `` that 's none of your business . '' 
 roscoe snorted , and he stalked toward me . 
 anyone else would have dropped their ground , retreated a few steps , but i was locked into place , my will not allowing me to give him a bit of ground . 
 if i gave him an inch , i 'd find myself his in all ways . 
 he reached for my throat and i slapped his hands away . 
 the next thing i knew , he was shoving me backward and i was pinned against a tree , the bark biting into my back . 
 his hand clenched my jaw , his bigger frame stronger than me . 
 i snarled at him , showing my teeth . 
 `` do n't you fucking touch me ! '' 
 he ignored my protests , shoving my head backward and forcibly exposing my neck so he could look at my mate mark . 
 then , he tilted my head back down . 
 `` he got a big cock , girl ? 
 or should i check for myself if he 's used you hard ? '' 
 i struggled against his hand . 
 `` i do not have to answer any of this ! '' 
 `` no , you do n't , '' he said in a mean voice . 
 `` that blush on your cheeks tells me everything . 
 you 're still a virgin , are n't you ? '' 
 i stilled , frozen at his words . 
 `` i have a mate . '' 
 `` no , you have a guy that bit your neck , precious . '' 
 he pinched my chin , harder . 
 `` if i throw you down on the forest floor here and fuck you myself , i can just as easily cover that mate mark with one of my own . 
 then you and your pack are all mine . 
 what do you think of that ? '' 
 `` i think i 'd like to see you fucking try , '' i bit out , and slashed my nails at his face . 
 my nails connected with the soft flesh of his eye . 
 i felt him jerk even as he howled with anger , and his hand pinned my neck to the tree , choking me . 
 i scratched and clawed at his hand , desperately trying to get free as roscoe reeled from my attack . 
 a moment later , he recovered , squinting up at me from his good eye . 
 and then he clocked me straight in the face with his fist . 
 pain exploded behind my cheekbone , and i grunted when he struck me . 
 that only made me fight harder , though , because i knew that if i backed down now , it was going to be much , much worse for me in the end . 
 so i fought . 
 i kicked and struck , snarling my fury , even as roscoe hit me back , trying to subdue me . 
 the world became a ringing of blows around my face , and he tried to trap my arms even as i fought and flailed against him . 
 i would not go down without a fight . 
 but the world was getting dark , and it was getting harder and harder to breathe , roscoe 's big hand tightening on my throat . 
 he was choking the life out of me , and i could n't seem to get any air into my lungs . 
 blackness swirled at the edges of my vision . 
 a blur erupted from the corner of my eye , and the next thing i knew , i dropped to the ground , my throat released . 
 mad snarls filled the air , and i coughed , looking up to see that familiar yellow-brown wolf attacking roscoe . 
 until i saw him against roscoe 's human form , i had n't realized how big jackson was as a wolf . 
 he was enormous , though , all bristling fur and white fang , and he 'd taken almost no time to subdue roscoe . 
 even now , the other man was holding an arm braced over his face and neck to protect it , while jackson snarled and slashed at it , going for his throat . 
 `` back off , jackson , '' i told him in a raspy voice , rising from the ground . 
 there was blood in the corner of my mouth and i wiped it , hating the taste . 
 `` do n't kill him . '' 
 `` listen to your bitch , '' roscoe called from over jackson 's snarls . 
 `` do n't kill me . 
 it 's just pack disputes . '' 
 jackson backed off , returning to my side , still growling and feral , his hackles raised . 
 he began to transform even as roscoe picked himself up off the ground and began to run away , heading deep into the woods . 
 i touched my face , assessing my wounds . 
 my eye was swelling and my nose hurt like a bitch , but my teeth were n't loose and it did n't feel like anything was broken . 
 it 'd heal . 
 most importantly , i was disturbed by what roscoe had said . 
 you 're still a virgin . 
 it would n't take much for me to throw you on the ground and put my mate mark over his . 
 i still was n't protected . 
 not really . 
 we 'd taken steps , but i had to accept jackson in all ways before my pack would be truly safe . 
 shit . 
 jackson stood at my side , in human form . 
 his hand went to my shoulder protectively , and i looked at him . 
 his normally easygoing , handsome face was hard with anger , a snarl still curving his mouth . 
 he looked furious , his eyes black . 
 blood tinged his mouth , and i watched his nostrils flare repeatedly as he attempted to get his anger under control . 
 we watched roscoe lope away . 
 `` you 'll be sorry , '' he muttered , staring back at us and then disappearing into the bushes . 
 jackson could have gone after him , but roscoe had lost a challenge . 
 when you lost a challenge , you let the opponent limp away to lick their wounds . 
 you did n't attack him again . 
 and i was here , wounded . 
 the alpha male would never leave the alpha female injured and unprotected . 
 jackson 's hand flexed on my shoulder , and then he turned to me , his beautiful mouth hard . 
 his gaze moved over my face , and his fingers gently brushed my chin . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` he caught me in a rope trap . '' 
 he examined my wounds , his fingers brushing over them as if he needed to assess them for himself . 
 i could tell he was still pissed . 
 fury was locked in every muscle of his body . 
 no sign of easygoing alpha here . 
 this jackson was cold and furious . 
 `` you got here just in time , '' i told him softly . 
 `` another moment and i probably would have lost consciousness . '' 
 my hand went to my bruised throat . 
 `` and roscoe 's not the type to ease up just because the girl 's unconscious . '' 
 that only made jackson more angry , and he stared back at the woods where roscoe had left . 
 i could tell it was killing him not to go after him , but that was n't the wolf way . 
 he finally turned back to me . 
 `` you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 what , did he expect tears ? 
 `` no , i want to punch something . 
 it 'll be you if you keep asking me if i 'm okay . '' 
 a hint of a smile tugged at his mouth and he pulled me close , and pressed a kiss to my temple . 
 `` ah , the female alpha . '' 
 i did n't know if that was admiration or irritation . 
 but i allowed him to hug me close and kiss my forehead , and i let him keep his arm around me as we walked through the woods . 
 the pack caught up with us as we walked back , and i heard trina 's worried whining at the sight of my bruises . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i told them . 
 `` just had a run in with roscoe . 
 jackson chased him off . '' 
 spence came up and licked my hand , seeking reassurance , while trina whined and moved closer to jackson . 
 even len loped a bit closer . 
 `` we 're all fine , '' i told them again , my voice reassuring . 
 `` it 's handled . 
 jackson took care of it . 
 roscoe was mad that he was thwarted and he caught me unawares . 
 it wo n't happen again . 
 no need to be upset . '' 
 easy for me to say . 
 i was serene on the outside , but there was a hard pit of anger in my stomach . 
 it was n't just anger at roscoe , either . 
 it was anger at myself , and at jackson . 
 if sleeping with jackson would keep my pack safe , then i needed to do it , and he needed to push me toward it , damn it . 
 no more of this easygoing shit . 
 chapter nine jackson was getting good at sensing my moods . 
 by the time we headed up to our shared room -lrb- after soothing the rest of the pack again -rrb- , i was bitterly angry and feeling helpless . 
 as soon as the door was shut behind us , though , jackson took one look at my face and pointed me to the bed . 
 `` sit there . '' 
 i thumped to it , seething at my inability to resist his command and my stupid desire to please him that came with talking to an alpha . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he went to the bathroom and ran the water , then returned to my side with a wet towel . 
 jackson sat next to me and his fingers brushed under my chin , tilting my head so he could examine my wounds . 
 `` so i can help you clean up . '' 
 i sat there , stewing , while he patted at my bruises and cuts . 
 my one eye was swollen , but i imagined it 'd go down by tomorrow . 
 werewolves healed fast . 
 i 'd taken quite a beating , but within a few days i 'd be good as new again . 
 `` you wan na tell me why you 're mad ? '' 
 jackson asked . 
 `` why would n't i be mad ? 
 that asshole was on my property . '' 
 my fists clenched at the memory of roscoe 's hard face . 
 his hand slapping my ass . 
 the indignity of it all . 
 `` you have every right to be mad about that , '' he said , and dabbed at a scratch on my cheek . 
 `` i meant why are you mad at me ? '' 
 i gave him a narrowed look . 
 `` i 'm not mad . '' 
 `` you are , '' he said , putting down the cloth . 
 `` you 're vibrating with it . 
 i 've done something that made you angry . 
 might as well tell me what it is and how it relates to this roscoe stuff . '' 
 i swallowed hard . 
 tried to compose myself . 
 failed . 
 `` you 're not pushing me . '' 
 `` not pushing you ? '' 
 his brows drew together . 
 `` to consummate this mating , '' i hissed at him , then lowered my voice when i was sure the others would pick up on it . 
 `` roscoe could tell i was a virgin . '' 
 jackson regarded me . 
 `` and you 're mad about that ? '' 
 `` i 'm mad because every day that i 'm still a virgin is another day that my pack is n't safe . '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` and you have n't even kissed me . '' 
 he studied my face . 
 `` i do n't want you to make a decision like that under duress . 
 you have to be ready to move forward . '' 
 `` my pack depends on me moving forward -- `` `` your personal life is yours . 
 it 's not your pack 's . '' 
 i began to get irritated with his attitude . 
 `` it 's intertwined . '' 
 `` to an extent . 
 but you have to make decisions for you . '' 
 was he not listening to me ? 
 i was trapped on all sides . 
 `` everything i do is for the good of the pack . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but i want you to make one decision for yourself . '' 
 his fingers lightly touched my jaw again , examining my battle wounds . 
 `` you 're not making this easy for me , '' i said testily . 
 `` you 're supposed to kiss me and seduce me . 
 you 're the alpha . '' 
 `` you 're an alpha , too , '' he told me . 
 and then his thumb brushed over my lower lip . 
 `` you want me to kiss you ? '' 
 i grew flustered at his direct , piercing gaze . 
 i could still see flickers of wolf in his eyes - as it was probably still in mine . 
 how did i answer that ? 
 would saying yes mean showing throat to him ? 
 could i let go of even a little bit of pride to ask for what i wanted ? 
 `` should n't we kiss ? '' 
 i asked , letting my bluster answer for me . 
 that slow smile spread across his face . 
 `` i figured what we did last night was more intimate than kissing . '' 
 my throat went dry , thinking of last night . 
 my slick hands moving over his cock , and how it had made me hot just to touch him . 
 `` but maybe you need to kiss ? '' 
 jackson asked softly . 
 he moved a little closer to me on the bed , and i suddenly remembered that we were both still naked and sweaty from our run in the woods . 
 his scent overwhelmed me , as did the nearness of all that bare , tanned skin . 
 jackson studied my face a moment longer . 
 `` does your mouth hurt ? '' 
 i studied his lips , in a daze with how close they were to mine . 
 it was a strange thing to ask . 
 my breasts ached , the nipples tight . 
 even my sex felt achy . 
 empty . 
 but my mouth ? 
 `` does my mouth hurt ? '' 
 i echoed , confused . 
 `` did he hit you in your mouth ? '' 
 oh . 
 a flush hit me again . 
 that was what he 'd been talking about ? 
 i felt foolish . 
 `` no , my mouth is okay . '' 
 was he going to kiss me or not ? 
 `` good , '' he said , and leaned in , his hand sliding to the back of my neck and pulling me closer to him . 
 his mouth closed over mine . 
 i was startled at how fast it happened . 
 i was kissing jackson . 
 i could feel the scruff of his unshaven jaw against the edge of my mouth , scraping against my cheek . 
 in contrast , his lips felt firm against my own . 
 he sucked lightly on my lower lip while i was still processing all the sensations , and i gasped . 
 he continued to suck on my lower lip , then began to kiss my upper lip , caressing me in slow , careful motions . 
 my eyes closed and i let the sensations move over me . 
 his tongue slicked between my parted lips . 
 i moaned and my skin prickled with awareness . 
 oh ... wow . 
 i clung to him , needing his body against mine , and my nipples brushed against his bare chest , sending twin pinpricks of arousal through my body . 
 his tongue stroked deeper into my mouth , thrusting , and it send an odd , thrilling quiver deep inside me . 
 he slicked into my mouth again , his tongue tangling with mine , and i began to respond to the kiss , opening my mouth for his invasion and holding onto him as he made love to my mouth . 
 soon , i was slick with need all over again , my pulse pounding , and the scent of my arousal hung in the air between us . 
 jackson broke the kiss a moment later , and i panted against his mouth , dazed . 
 `` no more tonight , alice , '' he murmured against my mouth , and then grazed it with another kiss . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i tried to press my mouth to his again , wanting more kisses . 
 god , he kissed amazingly . 
 i could live with his mouth on mine forever . 
 `` because you went through enough today , and i do n't think that any decision you made tonight would n't be affected by what happened . '' 
 he gazed into my face and his thumb moved over my lower lip again . 
 it felt swollen and delicious from his kisses . 
 `` and when we move forward , i want it to be because you want to move forward , not because you feel pressured to . '' 
 i sighed . 
 i wanted to move forward now . 
 my body ached for him , and i felt delicious with need . 
 but then his fingers brushed over my swollen eye and i winced , reminded of roscoe . 
 there 'd be more time for this sort of thing later . 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ `` do n't be nervous , '' jackson told me with amusement as we got out of the car . 
 `` it 's just dinner . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` i 'm not nervous about meeting with the alliance , '' i said , my voice as scathing as i could make it . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 i could care less about meeting these two . 
 i 'm more concerned about leaving eddie with trina . '' 
 holly and dan had wanted to go on their pack run tonight , their skin itching with the need to let their wolves out , and i 'd consented only because trina had volunteered to watch the baby . 
 i loved trina , but she was absent-minded at best - being thirteen and easily distracted by texting - and i was n't sure about leaving a crawling , gurgling , into-everything baby who still could n't quite transform into wolf form in her hands . 
 any eight-month-old was a handful . 
 a werewolf baby ? 
 double the handful . 
 but trina had looked at me with such big , pleading eyes and the others had been so quick to agree that i 'd caved . 
 and now i was going to dinner ... with the alliance . 
 ugh . 
 and i was n't nervous . 
 i was n't . 
 i 'd even worn jeans and a t-shirt just to prove how not-seriously i was taking this . 
 but seeing cute , adorably soft human bathsheba again ? 
 kind of made me a little anxious , especially since my face looked like a punching bag . 
 it had been almost a day since i 'd last seen roscoe and true to my wolf nature , my face was healing faster than a normal human 's would . 
 my eye was n't swollen anymore ; now it was just ringed with a dark blue bruise , ringed with green . 
 there were healing cuts on my cheeks , and another equally vivid bruise on my throat . 
 went well with my dark hair , i figured . 
 we headed into the restaurant , and jackson 's hand automatically went around my waist , drawing me close to him . 
 like we were a couple . 
 it startled me at first , and when he flashed a smile my way , i relaxed . 
 something about jackson being a little possessive of me felt good , even when i looked like hell . 
 the small mom and pop diner was n't crowded . 
 i figured it had something to do with the fact that it was the middle of the week , later at night , and the little paradise cafe was n't exactly a hotspot to begin with . 
 but it was close , and local , and ran by a family of were-badgers . 
 they were n't great with service , being a rather surly breed , but jackson wanted to support local shifter businesses , and apparently so did beau and bathsheba . 
 i smelled bathsheba 's scent as soon as we walked in - human female , covered by the thick scent of a feline . 
 i wrinkled my nose , the wolf in me not a fan of cat smells . 
 jackson pinched my side , reminding me to be diplomatic , and i pretended to rub my nose , as if warding off a sneeze . 
 they were seated at a back table , bathsheba with her long , smooth pale ponytail and demure cardigan set , seated next to a larger man with big shoulders , short , immaculately groomed hair and a pressed shirt with an open collar . 
 they looked like any nice , white collar couple , and it was obvious from the way his hand rested on the back of her chair that they were together . 
 the mate mark on her neck was stark , and she leaned in close to him absently while he whispered something in her ear . 
 i felt an envious pang at the sight of their coziness . 
 it seemed unfair for a human to have it so very easy when it came to mating . 
 just show up somewhere and be attracted to someone and boom , magic would happen . 
 nothing like the schemes and pack machinations of werewolves . 
 still , pack machinations had brought me jackson , so i could n't be entirely ungrateful . 
 i stole a look at the sexy man at my side and felt a bit of possessive pride of my own . 
 bathsheba looked up as we approached the table ... and paled . 
 her gaze went to my face . 
 `` alice ? '' 
 oh no . 
 i did n't want to get the tenth degree from her . 
 i smiled tightly and thumped into my seat . 
 `` hiya . 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 `` great , '' she said in a slow voice , putting her menu down . 
 her wide-eyed gaze flicked from my face and then to jackson 's as he sat across from her husband . 
 `` i want you both to meet my husband , beau russell . 
 he 's the head of the alliance . '' 
 beau offered his hand across the table to jackson , and then to me , and we shook . 
 his manner seemed brusque and cool . 
 not exactly the reception i 'd been expecting from someone that wanted to court wolf packs into their little club . 
 `` nice to meet you both , '' beau said , tone clipped . 
 `` how are things going ? '' 
 `` as well as can be expected , '' i said lightly . 
 `` a few kinks here and there to be worked out . '' 
 `` kinks , '' bathsheba repeated , blinking her eyes rapidly . 
 she looked over at beau . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` typical wolf pack dominance issues , '' jackson said , glancing over at me affectionately . 
 he reached out and caressed my cheek . 
 `` give us another week and we 'll be right as rain . '' 
 i blushed at his affectionate gesture . 
 to my surprise , bathsheba threw down her napkin and gave her husband a significant look . 
 `` i need to use the little girl 's room . 
 alice , do you want to come with me ? '' 
 uh , why would i want to come with her ? 
 i started to shake my head , but she stood there , waiting . 
 jackson gave my elbow a nudge . 
 `` i ... guess so ? '' 
 i followed her through the restaurant into the bathroom , noticing that as she walked , her back was as stiff as could be . 
 something was up . 
 as soon as the bathroom door shut behind me , bath moved to the door and leaned against it , effectively blocking the way for anyone else to enter . 
 `` er ... everything okay ? '' 
 i gave her an odd look . 
 were all humans this weird ? 
 `` alice , i am so , so sorry , '' she told me , her voice a breathless rush . 
 `` i did n't know he was going to be like that . 
 if i would have known , i would have never let him set up a profile . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 she did n't approve of jackson ? 
 i thought back to the handshake , the way he affectionately touched my face . 
 what had jackson done wrong ? 
 `` if you want to escape him , i swear we 'll help you , '' she told me . 
 `` you do n't have to be afraid of him . 
 we 're here to help you . '' 
 afraid ... of jackson ? 
 i stared at her a moment longer ... and then realized she thought he 'd beaten me up . 
 typical wolf pack dominance issues , indeed . 
 i laughed , realizing that she 'd mistaken everything . 
 `` jackson did n't do this to my face . '' 
 she looked skeptical . 
 `` you 're not defending him , are you ? 
 you do n't have to . 
 i realize wolves have their own system , but the alliance is set up specifically to help those in need -- `` i waved a hand idly . 
 `` jackson saved me from the guy that did this to me . 
 the guy that did this is why i needed a new alpha so bad . 
 he 's determined to take over my pack . 
 jackson being here stopped him . '' 
 the dubious look on her face remained . 
 `` you 're ... sure ? 
 my sister had issues with wolf packs recently and i know a lot of them are not ... '' she hesitated , clearly trying to figure out the right words without offending me . 
 `` a lot of them have their own set of rules that they play by . '' 
 yeah , i could guess . 
 `` jackson 's perfect , '' i assured her . 
 `` you do n't have to worry . '' 
 `` if you 're sure ... '' `` i am . '' 
 relief made her shoulders sag , and she put a hand to her brow . 
 `` oh , thank god . 
 i thought i 'd somehow hooked you up with a monster . '' 
 panic crossed her face . 
 `` we 'd better get back to the table before beau attacks him . '' 
 aw , that was cute . 
 she thought her were-kitty could beat up on my alpha mate . 
 my lips twitched . 
 `` all right . '' 
 we returned to the table a moment later to find the men engaged in a stare-down . 
 `` everything 's okay , '' she blurted as we moved back to the table . 
 both men turned and looked at me . 
 `` this , '' i said , waving a hand at my face and neck , `` was not jackson , but another alpha that thought he could come in and take over . 
 i promise you that jackson 's harmless . '' 
 `` harmless ? '' 
 jackson cocked an eyebrow at me , a grin playing on his face . 
 `` you 're determined to ruin my street cred , are n't you ? '' 
 i sat down , patting his knee . 
 `` you 're a plumber . 
 you have no street cred . '' 
 he snorted and his hand moved to the back of my chair , pulling me closer automatically . 
 beau and bathsheba exchanged another meaningful look , and bath sat down again , still looking utterly deflated with relief . 
 `` sorry if we had a moment of panic , '' she explained . 
 `` my sister 's werewolf and , well , we recently had a not-so-great run in with another pack . 
 you 'll forgive us if we jump to conclusions . '' 
 `` easy enough to do , '' jackson said mildly . 
 `` your sister 's sara , right ? 
 she 's with the big were-bear guy ? 
 i did a job for them a few weeks ago . '' 
 `` that 's her , '' bathsheba said , brightening . 
 `` you know them ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` she 's a sweet little thing . '' 
 i scowled , feeling an edge of possessiveness . 
 my hand went to his thigh and i dug my nails in . 
 `` is she , now ? '' 
 jackson looked over at me and wiggled his eyebrows . 
 `` do n't you worry none , alice . 
 i like my girls with a bit of attitude . '' 
 `` good , '' i snapped . 
 `` because you 're mine . '' 
 `` am i ? '' 
 the hint of pleasure in his voice made it sound like foreplay . 
 i blushed , and stole a look over at beau and bathsheba . 
 `` well , '' bathsheba said , and her voice had a prim tone to it that made her husband grin . 
 `` now that i know you 're not a monster , how about we talk about what it would take to get the savage-wilder pack to join the alliance ? '' 
 chapter ten two hours and one dinner later , i was n't convinced . 
 beau preached unity and working together to make life better for all shifters , but i was a skeptic . 
 why did a wolf pack need an alliance ? 
 we were our own island . 
 we banded together because we had each other . 
 we looked out for each other . 
 between jackson and i , there was nothing that our pack would need that we could n't provide . 
 to make matters worse , jackson was clearly enthusiastic about joining the alliance . 
 he listened to all of beau 's plans with interest , and even offered suggestions of his own that would help bring in more wolves and make them feel at ease . 
 so now i was being the downer and the party pooper . 
 figured . 
 jackson had deferred to me , though . 
 he 'd told bathsheba and beau that we would n't move forward with the alliance unless we were both firmly on board . 
 they 'd been disappointed but understanding . 
 i got the sense that jackson was a bit disappointed , too , but he 'd said nothing of the sort . 
 and now we were driving back to the savage house , an uncomfortable silence in the truck as i drove . 
 i glanced over at him . 
 `` you think i 'm making a mistake , do n't you ? 
 saying no to the alliance ? '' 
 he regarded me . 
 `` i would never tell you that you 're making a mistake , alice . 
 the pack has been yours for a lot longer than it 's been mine . 
 but i do think it 'd be good for all of us . '' 
 `` why ? 
 we do n't need outsiders . '' 
 it was what my father - and cash - had firmly believed . 
 i 'd grown up with the knowledge that savages took care of their own , and that was that . 
 `` you needed me , '' jackson said easily . 
 i shot him an angry look , but he was gazing out the window of the passenger side of the truck . 
 `` that so ? '' 
 `` not saying it to start a fight , alice , '' jackson said . 
 `` just pointing it out . '' 
 i glared out the window , my hands clenched tight on the steering wheel . 
 i did n't like being reminded that i 'd been forced to crawl to an outsider for protection . 
 `` my old pack , '' jackson began softly . 
 `` they died in a fire . 
 did dan tell you that ? '' 
 i swallowed hard at the pain in his voice . 
 `` no . 
 no one told me . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 my father 's the alpha of a pack in the northeast , so i could n't stay there . 
 did n't want to challenge my dad for dominance and all , you know ? 
 so eventually an alpha has to move on . 
 i went to the carolinas and hooked up with the st. james pack . 
 three men , two women , and dan was the youngest . 
 they were kind of poor . 
 actually , ` kind of ' is being nice about it . 
 they all lived in this big ramshackle house that would have probably been condemned if anyone would have reported them to the city . 
 it was falling down around their ears , but it was out in the country and they were happy . 
 even though i was only about twenty-four or so when i joined up with them , i was the alpha . 
 the others were all older than me except for dan , but i was the one with the best job . 
 my dad had taught me to be a plumber , and that was fancy to them . '' 
 his mouth twisted a bit . 
 `` they were a bit of a mess , looking back , but the nicest people . 
 i loved being there with them . 
 i was there for five years . '' 
 two females . 
 i wanted to ask if one of them had been his alpha female . 
 if they 'd been romantic together . 
 if she was pretty . 
 `` i mentioned the house was a mess , right ? 
 it was . 
 something was always going wrong with it - a circuit would short , or the air conditioner would break down , something would overheat , you name it . 
 we joked that i was a great plumber but a piss-poor electrician , and that the next person let into the pack would have to know how to rig wiring to keep the old place going . '' 
 he chuckled , but the sound was pained . 
 i said nothing , a knot in my throat at the ache in his words . 
 it reminded me of the losses i 'd gone through . 
 of losing my father and mother , and then cash just a few years later . 
 losing carlos , my omega . 
 our little pack had been hit and hit again . 
 i knew what it was like to grieve . 
 `` dan liked to run off in the middle of the night and change into his wolf . 
 just for fun , you know ? 
 kid sneaking out and being a kid . 
 he had a lot more energy than the rest of them , being a lot younger . 
 i figured it out one night and thought i 'd sneak up on him in the woods . 
 scare some sense into him . 
 which , it did , i suppose . 
 but i also did n't realize it 'd save our lives . 
 we got back to the house in the middle of the night only to see the entire thing had gone up in flames . 
 everyone inside was still asleep . '' 
 i glanced over and watched him out of the corner of my eye . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he ran a hand down his face . 
 `` they went peacefully . 
 or so i 'm told . 
 fire department said the smoke inhalation probably got them before the flames did . 
 and it was faulty wiring in the old house , so no one was to blame . 
 but it left dan an orphan and me without a pack . 
 or a home . 
 and after that , we could n't stay there , so we left . 
 headed across the south . 
 been wandering for , what , ten , twelve months now . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it 's lonely when you have no one . 
 you do n't realize how dependent you are on having the support of a pack until you have no one . 
 then you realize just how alone you are . 
 that 's why i want the alliance for your pack - for our pack . 
 so they never have to go through what dan and i did . 
 so they 're never alone , despite whatever comes their way . 
 so they always have someone to fall back on . '' 
 i said nothing . 
 i could have argued that i 'd always be there for them , but i thought cash would always be there for me , and one twist of fate had robbed me of both brother and alpha . 
 life struck and you had to cope . 
 but leaning against others ? 
 non-wolves ? 
 it went against everything i knew . 
 `` i ... i 'll think about it . '' 
 `` i know , alice . 
 i 'm not trying to pressure . 
 i 'm just trying to explain why i feel the way i do . '' 
 i understood . 
 i just had to figure out if it was best for the pack . 
 if we joined the alliance , other wolves might see us as weak . 
 needing support . 
 i did n't want that for my wolves . 
 i wanted them to be strong and independent . 
 but when i pulled up into the driveway of the savage house , all thoughts about independence and alliances and anything else flew out of my mind . 
 trina was on the porch , her young face wet with tears . 
 `` the baby 's gone , '' she told me , and burst into sobs . 
 fear seized me . 
 my mind went blank , and then i started to shake . 
 `` what do you mean , the baby 's gone ? '' 
 `` i mean he 's missing . 
 i took a nap on the couch , '' she said tearfully , `` with him in his playpen and the next thing i knew , i woke up and he was gone . '' 
 `` where are spence and len ? '' 
 my voice was shaking . 
 baby eddie was so little , so vulnerable . 
 `` they 're supposed to be here with you . 
 did they grab him ? '' 
 `` they went to a concert . 
 i 'm not supposed to tell you . '' 
 she began to cry all over again . 
 fury exploded behind my eyes . 
 so spence and len had disobeyed me to go to a concert ? 
 and now the baby was gone ? 
 roscoe had taken him . 
 i just knew it . 
 he was going to use sweet , innocent baby eddie as a bargaining chip . 
 i was shaking , i was so furious . 
 `` did you smell anyone else in the house ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` just me and the baby . '' 
 `` you need to go up to the panic room , '' i told her , my voice hard . 
 `` go up there and stay there until i give you the order to come out . '' 
 `` but -- `` `` go ! '' 
 i barked at her . 
 `` go on up , trina , '' jackson soothed , and pulled the girl into a hug . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 alice and i are going to get the baby back , all right ? 
 do n't you worry . '' 
 for a wild , irrational moment , i was jealous of that hug and the way she collapsed against him . 
 then she nodded and raced into the house . 
 jackson turned to me , and put his hands on my shoulders . 
 `` calm down , alice . 
 it 's going to be okay . '' 
 `` i 'm calm , '' i said , though i could n't seem to stop shaking . 
 baby eddie was with roscoe . 
 vulnerable , sweet baby eddie who did n't have all his teeth and only gurgled and cooed . 
 who sprouted fur when he wanted to challenge someone and just as easily lifted his arms for a hug . 
 sweet , sweet baby eddie was with that monster . 
 all because i 'd wanted someone else to be alpha for my pack . 
 it was my fault . 
 if he was hurt , i 'd never forgive myself . 
 `` alice , '' jackson said . 
 i barely heard him through the muddle of my own thoughts . 
 what if eddie had tried , in his baby way , to challenge roscoe ? 
 what if he was crying and roscoe tried to shut him up ? 
 would he hurt the baby ? 
 was eddie scared ? 
 i -- `` alice , '' jackson said again , and his gaze caught mine . 
 his eyes were greenish gold , his wolf rising to the front , and there was a challenge in his voice that made my wolf sit up and pay attention . 
 i locked onto his gaze , felt his alpha begin to subvert mine . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , '' he said again in a slow voice . 
 `` we 're going to take care of it , all right ? '' 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` if roscoe has the baby , he 's going to want to trade him for one of the girls , or for you , '' he said , echoing my own thoughts . 
 hearing it spoken aloud made me tremble with fury all over again . 
 `` we 're not going to let that happen , '' he said calmly . 
 `` i promise . 
 but i want you to go upstairs for now -- `` my eyes narrowed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` go upstairs and guard trina , '' he told me . 
 `` we do n't know that he 's not coming back after her , and i want her to be safe . 
 you have a gun , right ? '' 
 i did . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm going to make a few calls . 
 we 'll bring in others and canvas the woods . 
 we 'll find his trail and we 'll make him give the baby back . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` but ... who can we call ? '' 
 i thought of the other packs in the area . 
 the others were n't close , and we did n't talk with them much . 
 wolves did n't like to mix with wolves that were n't in their packs . 
 it did n't happen . 
 too many territory disputes . 
 if you asked for help , you risked ceding territory because you clearly could n't protect it . 
 `` who do we trust ? '' 
 `` do you trust me ? '' 
 jackson asked . 
 i blinked at him , then nodded . 
 i did . 
 jackson wanted what was best for us . 
 he leaned in and gave me a fierce kiss . 
 `` then go get the gun and guard trina . 
 i 'm calling the alliance . '' 
 ~ ~ * ~ ~ within a half hour , the savage house was crawling with wolves , were-cougars , and every other creature i could think of . 
 the front yard had turned into a parking lot , full of cars parked haphazardly on the lawn , as more and more shifters arrived to hunt for the baby . 
 i was shocked at how many had turned out , and my nostrils filled with the scents of were-bear , were-otter , and some i could n't even name . 
 holly and dan had returned home a short time later , exhausted from their run , only to panic when they realized what was going on . 
 holly now sat at my side as i clutched the gun , her eyes tearful . 
 i knew she blamed herself for the missing baby . 
 dan had gone out with jackson , spearheading search parties as they combed the woods , looking for the scent of a young child . 
 other wolves had shown up , too . 
 to my surprise , the anderson pack leader - connor anderson - had arrived with the alliance , along with his sister gracie . 
 i 'd had no idea they were part of the alliance , but gracie assured me they liked it . 
 she 'd stayed with me while connor joined the rest of the men . 
 at first she 'd been a little offended at the thought of all the women hanging back , but then she 'd declared that she 'd go all ` she-wolf ' on roscoe the moment she saw him , and seemed to like that thought very much . 
 even bathsheba had shown up with her husband , and they were busy making phone calls and organizing people from downstairs while i sat upstairs and hugged my girls close . 
 i ... had n't handled this well . 
 i 'd wanted to be strong and bold and decisive in a crisis . 
 instead , i 'd totally lost my shit . 
 it was too close to home , too personal . 
 i realized this , too . 
 i wanted to be strong when it came to family matters , but the truth was , i had a hard time coping . 
 just like when i 'd sent my pack away after cash and carlos died , when they 'd needed me more than ever . 
 i ... was n't a good leader . 
 i was good in the easy times , but when things got hard ? 
 i fell apart . 
 and i was incredibly grateful to have jackson at my side . 
 he 'd taken over things with brutal efficiency , handing out baby clothes for the others to get the scent , warning the alliance members about roscoe and the possibility of a fight , and returning every so often to caress my cheek and reassure me that things would be fine . 
 he was a wonderful alpha . 
 and he 'd been right about the alliance , i realized . 
 as more and more people showed up to help out or simply show support , i realized this was what jackson wanted for us . 
 when something went wrong , we were n't alone . 
 people pitched in to help . 
 they were there for us , even if it was as simple as guarding the door or handing out drinks to those scouring the woods . 
 the alliance would n't be a bad thing after all . 
 while i mused on this , voices rose downstairs . 
 they did n't sound happy . 
 i patted holly on the knee . 
 `` get in the safe room with trina and do n't come out until i tell you it 's okay . '' 
 she nodded and raced into the room . 
 i flew down the stairs , heading toward the commotion . 
 it seemed to be coming from the front of the house , so i headed there . 
 and stopped in surprise . 
 connor anderson and his sister gracie stood in front of roscoe , refusing to let him enter the house . 
 nearby , a few were-cougars were giving him ugly looks . 
 all were arguing . 
 the baby was nowhere to be seen . 
 i stormed forward , pushing my way through the crowd . 
 `` where 's eddie , you son of a bitch ? '' 
 he sidestepped me when my hands reached for his shirt , moving behind connor . 
 `` i came to help you look , you dumbass . '' 
 that made me stop short . 
 i looked over at connor , the anderson alpha . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` that 's what he told me . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes at roscoe . 
 it did n't make sense . 
 `` you ... did n't steal the baby ? '' 
 he gave me a disgusted look . 
 `` why would i hurt a kid ? 
 that ai n't what an alpha does . '' 
 none of this made any sense to me . 
 `` i thought ... i thought you took him to force an exchange . '' 
 `` fucking hell , woman . 
 i want a pack , not jail time . '' 
 my hands lowered . 
 i seemed to be having trouble grasping that my most hated enemy - the man that had harassed me since cash had died - had shown up to assist in the manhunt . 
 `` why ... . 
 why would you come help out ? '' 
 `` cause he 's a kid and he 's a wolf ? 
 that 's what we do . '' 
 why was i now feeling like the asshole in this ? 
 `` i do n't think i want you here . 
 do n't think i have n't forgotten about what you did to me . '' 
 connor eyed my bruised face , his arms crossing over his chest . 
 he looked over at roscoe . 
 `` that you ? '' 
 for once , roscoe 's hard face looked a bit ashamed . 
 `` i was pissed off . 
 got carried away . 
 i almost had the pack in my hand and she had to go and get herself another alpha . '' 
 `` i 'll show you carried away , '' gracie said , and smacked a fist into her open palm threateningly . 
 `` beating up on girls ? 
 you wan na try beating up on me ? 
 i 'll kick your ass into next week -- `` `` gracie , '' connor said , holding up a warning hand to his sister . 
 `` if you 're just looking for a pack , you 're welcome in mine . '' 
 `` he is ? '' 
 both gracie and i echoed . 
 `` he is , '' connor said grimly . 
 `` i 'm used to putting assholes in their place . 
 he 'd just be one more in need of a lesson . 
 but you 'd have to show throat . '' 
 roscoe 's face hardened into a sneer . 
 `` i 'm an alpha , boy . '' 
 `` so am i. '' connor did n't back down . 
 `` but if you want to be part of my pack , you need to show throat and accept that not everyone gets to be alpha . '' 
 `` and if i do n't like it ? '' 
 `` then you can get out of our territory . '' 
 `` i ai n't in your territory right now , '' roscoe said . 
 `` you need to get out of mine , too , '' i told him . 
 `` and you 're not invited to this pack . 
 at all . '' 
 he glared at us , but connor did n't budge and neither did i . 
 at my side , gracie continued to smack her fist into her palm , clearly itching for a fight . 
 after a moment , roscoe dropped his eyes . 
 `` i 'll head out once the kid 's found . 
 i still want to help . 
 ai n't right that the kid 's lost and we 're busy having a pissing war . '' 
 `` agreed , '' connor said , glancing over at me for my verdict . 
 `` fine with me , '' i said . 
 `` but i do n't ever want to see you here again . 
 or next time , i wo n't tell jackson to back off . '' 
 he said nothing , simply stalked away . 
 i exhaled a breath - one i did n't realize i 'd been holding . 
 my hands trembled , so i put them on my hips and tried to seem all casual . 
 roscoe was leaving . 
 he did n't have the baby and i still did n't know where poor eddie was , but roscoe would be gone and out of my hair soon . 
 thank god . 
 i looked over at connor . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` do n't thank me , '' he said easily . 
 `` just took a few alphas giving him hell to make him realize his place . 
 he 's not as alpha as he thinks he is . '' 
 `` maybe not , '' i began , then cocked my head . 
 i could have sworn i 'd heard my name outside , in the distance . 
 the house grew silent . 
 `` alice ! '' 
 there it was again , but this time coming from the back of the house . 
 i headed to the kitchen and passed by bathsheba , who was still making calls , her cellphone at her ear . 
 the back screen door slammed behind me , and i strode through the tall grass , listening for my name again . 
 `` alice , '' the voice called again , and i began to run toward it , toward the edge of the property . 
 that was jackson 's voice . 
 i ran toward him , and began to laugh with delight , giddy relief surging through me . 
 jackson strode through the edge of the woods , heading back to the house . 
 two were-cougars walked beside him , and his arms were full of wiggling , squirming , muddy wolf puppy . 
 he held up the puppy with a relieved grin of his own , a smear of mud on his face . 
 i launched myself at him , pushing past the others . 
 `` is that -- `` `` it is , '' he said , and held the puppy out to me . 
 i pulled the cub into my arms and inhaled . 
 sure enough , the puppy smell of wolf was mixed with eddie 's familiar baby scent . 
 my little guy had figured out how to turn wolf before he 'd even figured out how to walk . 
 figured . 
 i laughed , and my laughter turned into sobs as i pressed frantic , relieved kisses onto his ruff . 
 baby eddie was home . 
 the pack was whole and safe . 
 i continued to kiss my squirming bundle , ignoring the puppy tongue that tried to lick my face and the happy , relieved conversations of the other shifters around me . 
 someone pulled out a walkie-talkie and began to murmur into it , but i was oblivious . 
 i just needed to get eddie inside and to the others so they could see he was okay . 
 i cast a grateful look at jackson over my shoulder . 
 he was the best , but then , he knew that . 
 chapter eleven it took a few hours for the others to come in and head out . 
 someone had brought a couple of cases of beer and people relaxed and celebrated while dan , holly , trina and i fussed over the baby . 
 we gave him a bath and put him to bed , and holly opted to sleep in his room . 
 she pulled her bunk across the door to ensure that he could n't shift again and get back out . 
 we 'd clearly have to watch him closer , but judging from the chastised look on trina 's face , it would n't happen again . 
 spence and len had returned home from the concert , embarrassed to find the house crawling with shifters and caught red-handed . 
 they were horrified to hear the news about baby eddie , and as punishment , jackson was taking them under his wing and apprenticing them for his plumbing company . 
 i did n't think that was much of a punishment and said so . 
 `` you have n't had to deal with sewage much , have you ? '' 
 he said with a grin . 
 judging from the smirk on dan 's face , it was n't going to be a good punishment . 
 i let it stand . 
 spence and len needed jobs anyhow . 
 this would give them something to learn , at least . 
 true to his word , roscoe had taken one look at me and jackson , hugging baby eddie . 
 he 'd turned around and left in his car . 
 i hoped we never saw him again , but it did n't matter . 
 virginity did n't matter , either . 
 jackson and i were a cohesive team , and it was obvious to everyone present . 
 he was part of our pack - alpha , leader , and father to the others , and mate to me . 
 roscoe would never be able to worm his way in . 
 not now . 
 bathsheba and beau had pulled us aside and ensured that everything was fine before they left . 
 i thanked them for their help , but beau simply shook his head . 
 `` this is exactly what the alliance is for , '' he told me . 
 `` banding together to help each other out . 
 no thanks are necessary . '' 
 `` we 're still grateful , '' i told him . 
 i glanced over at jackson , who 'd stayed at my side ever since returning . 
 `` and we 'd like to talk about having the savage pack join , after all . 
 i 'm starting to see the benefits . '' 
 beau looked pleased . 
 `` we 're having an alphas meeting of the various groups on wednesday night . 
 i 'd love for you both to come . '' 
 `` we 'll be there , '' jackson said , his arm going around my waist . 
 they left , and the house was silent . 
 the others were in bed , and it was late at night . 
 jackson locked the door and i moved through the house , checking everything before we met at the stairs and headed up to my room for the night . 
 as soon as we shut the door , i was on jackson . 
 my mouth went to his , and i began to tear at his shirt , overcome by a wealth of emotions . 
 pride in how he 'd handled things tonight . 
 relief . 
 pleasure . 
 and overwhelming lust . 
 seeing him take control ? 
 a turn on . 
 seeing him return with baby eddie in his arms , safe and secure ? 
 turn on . 
 every time he put his arm around my waist or absently touched me , letting the others know i was his mate ? 
 turn on . 
 and right now ? 
 i was incredibly , undoubtedly turned on . 
 my tongue slicked against his , my movements more fierce than practiced . 
 my nails dug into his shirt and i tore at the fabric , wanting it off of him . 
 he kissed me back , then pulled away , clearly surprised at my passion . 
 `` you okay , alice ? '' 
 `` i am so incredibly attracted to you right now , '' i told him breathlessly . 
 `` you are ? '' 
 he looked surprised , though his hands went to my waist and he pulled me closer . 
 `` you 're not exhausted by tonight ? '' 
 oh , i was . 
 but more than that , i was aroused . 
 seeing jackson be a leader ? 
 leaning on jackson while he handled things ? 
 it had done crazy stuff to my libido . 
 `` i 'm ready to move forward with the mating . 
 all of it . 
 everything . '' 
 he pulled back , his eyes narrowing as he studied me . 
 `` this ... is n't some sort of gratitude thing , is it ? 
 i want it to be your choice , alice , not something you do because you think you have to -- `` i kissed him again to shut him up , brushing my breasts against his chest . 
 my tongue slid against his parted lips , and i whimpered at how delicious he tasted . 
 `` ca n't i just be aroused by you being all alpha ? '' 
 `` you can , '' he agreed , and his hands slid to my ass . 
 `` i just want to make sure you do n't feel coerced . '' 
 `` i 'm not . 
 roscoe 's gone . 
 the baby 's safe . 
 the pack is good . 
 and i ... i want my alpha . 
 now shut up and kiss me . '' 
 he chuckled , his lips moving closer to mine . 
 `` ah , the sweet charms of the female alpha . 
 so demanding . '' 
 `` shut up , '' i told him breathlessly . 
 `` you like it . '' 
 `` hell yeah , i do , '' he admitted . 
 `` but i might be equally demanding . 
 especially in bed . '' 
 a shiver ran up my spine at the thought , and i gave another hard tug at his shirt . 
 the material split down the front , his collar gaping . 
 `` i can give as good as i get , '' i told him . 
 the scared virgin that i 'd been ? 
 gone . 
 all fear had somehow gone out the window , leaving me only ravenous with need and excited to experience everything that mating an alpha would bring me . 
 he wanted to take charge in bed ? 
 he 'd have to fight me for it . 
 and i was so , so looking forward to that . 
 `` you just ripped my favorite shirt , '' jackson said in a low voice . 
 `` bad girl . '' 
 his hands fisted on my tee . 
 `` you would n't like it if i did it to you , would you ? '' 
 i gave him an arch smile , though my skin was prickling with excitement and awareness . 
 `` go ahead and try it . '' 
 he did , his big hands ripping the front of my shirt away and exposing my bra . 
 and oh god , that was such a turn on to see him ripping my clothing away from my body . 
 my nipples were hard through the soft fabric of my bra , and my breathing was coming in short , excited pants . 
 `` learned your lesson ? '' 
 there was a low growl in his voice that was oh-so-suggestive . 
 i snorted . 
 `` i learned that you tear clothes like a sissy , '' i taunted . 
 `` asking permission and then barely backing up your threats . '' 
 `` that so ? '' 
 his big hand went to the front of my bra , and before i could say anything else , he tugged and snapped the material . 
 my breasts flew free . 
 i gasped , startled at that move . 
 i had n't been expecting that . 
 my nipples ached , though , and when his hungry gaze turned there , i instantly got aroused . 
 oh boy . 
 but i could n't let him get the upper hand in the clothing-tearing war . 
 i dragged my nails at his shirt , ripping away more of the material until his chest was fully bared . 
 then i stopped and admired , licking my lips . 
 god , he was pretty to look at . 
 those hard pectorals , that sprinkling of chest hair . 
 all of it was incredibly appealing . 
 he stilled , letting me admire him unmolested , and i could n't help but rake my nails over one rock-hard slab of muscle . 
 just doing that made me shiver with want . 
 `` is it weird that i like just looking at this ? '' 
 `` not at all , '' he said in a husky voice . 
 he reached out and cupped one of my loose breasts . 
 `` i know just how you feel . '' 
 i whimpered at the sensation of his big hand on my breast . 
 it was the first time i 'd ever been touched there . 
 it was ticklish and arousing and squirm-inducing all at once . 
 and when his thumb lightly brushed over my nipple ? 
 i could n't suppress the gasp that escaped my throat - or the way my nipple hardened in response . 
 `` so lovely , alice . 
 i want to put my mouth all over you , '' jackson whispered , moving in closer to me . 
 `` so do it , '' i goaded him . 
 `` if you insist , '' he said , and grabbed me by the ass , picking me up . 
 my arms automatically went around his neck , clinging to him as he lifted me and headed to the bed on the far side of the room . 
 the movement pressed my bare breasts to his chest , and the warmth of his skin - combined with the tickle of his chest hair was just as arousing as his touch . 
 by the time he gently laid me down on the bed , i was squirming with need . 
 my legs went around his jeans-clad hips , trapping him against me before he could move away . 
 jackson chuckled , and pressed his weight down against me , his hips resting between the cradle of my thighs , and i could feel the hard length of him there . 
 my breath sucked in when he gave a suggestive thrust . 
 his mouth moved to my neck , and i moaned aloud when he bit and licked at my bare skin . 
 `` shhh , '' he warned me . 
 `` you do n't want the others to hear us . '' 
 shit . 
 werewolf hearing was far too keen . 
 i stretched an arm over the bed , fumbling for the clock radio there , and started smacking buttons until music began to play . 
 latin music wailed out through the small speakers , full of trumpets and spanish words . 
 jackson laughed against my throat . 
 `` way to be obvious . '' 
 i did n't care if it was obvious . 
 i just did n't want him to stop . 
 my hands went to his hair and i pushed his head lower , angling him toward my breasts . 
 i wanted him to touch them again . 
 `` too much talking , not enough licking , '' i told him in a whisper . 
 `` a man needs to keep his alpha female happy , does n't he ? '' 
 jackson murmured , and he obligingly moved his mouth to my breasts . 
 he licked the tip of one . 
 i moaned again , unable to help myself . 
 that felt incredible . 
 every time his lips touched my nipple , i felt it all the way down to my toes . 
 i arched my back , pressing my breasts forward for his mouth , and he nuzzled one nipple , then moved to the other to give it equal attention . 
 his lips moved over them , grazing , then suckling at each tip , and just when i 'd whimper my appreciation , he 'd change it up , nipping at my flesh or switching breasts . 
 soon enough , i was writhing on the bed under him , desperate with need . 
 `` jackson , '' i breathed , my fingers digging into his shoulders . 
 `` your mouth is driving me crazy . '' 
 i wanted him to stop . 
 i wanted him to keep going forever . 
 `` baby , '' he murmured , and leaned in to press a kiss to my breastbone . 
 `` you have n't seen anything yet . 
 you want me to drive you even wilder ? '' 
 oh god , did i ? 
 hell yes , i did . 
 i nodded . 
 `` show me what you 've got . '' 
 he chuckled and his hands went to the zipper of my jeans . 
 `` then let 's get these off . '' 
 that sounded like an incredible idea to me . 
 as he undid my jeans , i began to wriggle , maneuvering them down my legs until i was in nothing but my panties , and he pulled the heavy denim off my legs . 
 then , he reached for my panties and tugged them off , leaving me naked and panting on the bed , staring up at him . 
 he was still in his jeans . 
 it did n't seem fair , and i opened my mouth to protest . 
 but then he dropped to the floor beside the bed and pulled me toward him , and i went silent , my eyes going wide . 
 `` your smell is driving me wild , alice , '' jackson murmured , his voice barely audible over the mariachi music . 
 `` been driving me wild for days . 
 love the scent of you in my nostrils . '' 
 he 'd been smelling my constant arousal for days ? 
 i 'd known it , and yet i squirmed at the thought . 
 his big hands went to my thighs , spreading them , and i heard him inhale sharply again . 
 he gave a sigh of pleasure , and then pulled me closer to the edge of the bed . 
 `` you just tell me if any of this makes you uncomfortable , alice , '' he murmured , and his fingers grazed the inside of my thigh . 
 i quivered at that touch , propping up on my elbows to watch him . 
 like i 'd be able to complain about anything ? 
 like i 'd want to ? 
 i was practically trembling with anticipation of his mouth on my sex . 
 luckily , i did n't have to anticipate long . 
 he made another sound of pleasure , and then i felt his fingers skim my sex , moving over the curls and parting the petals underneath . 
 his fingers stroked over my flesh . 
 `` so nice and wet already . '' 
 i collapsed back on the bed , my eyes closing as i lost myself to the sensation . 
 oh , god . 
 if i 'd thought his mouth on my breasts was heavenly , his hands on my sex were pure bliss . 
 i parted my thighs wider for him , encouraging more , and my hands went to his hair again , the urge to push him to where i needed him the most rising inside me . 
 he chuckled at my response . 
 `` you want to lead for a bit , alice ? '' 
 `` just touch me , '' i bit out , my breathing raspy and shallow with anticipation . 
 `` you want fingers or tongue ? '' 
 oh god , i had to choose just one ? 
 i trembled at that . 
 `` maybe i 'll decide , '' he murmured huskily . 
 a moment later , i felt his tongue brush over the slick folds of my sex . 
 the shuddering moan that crept from my throat was not sexy . 
 it was strangled with a mixture of surprise and desire , but jackson seemed to like the sound of it . 
 he made a noise of pleasure - like i 'd make when tasting a favorite dish - and licked me long and hard . 
 and i made another one of those garbled moans . 
 `` mmm , sweet alice , '' jackson said against my flesh . 
 `` knew you 'd taste incredible . 
 love that you 're all mine . '' 
 he licked me again , long and hard , and my thighs quaked in response , lifting to follow his tongue . 
 `` my sweet , sweet alpha mate . '' 
 and then he began to tongue me vigorously , his lips brushing against my mound even as the tip of his tongue worked on my clit , pressing and then circling with varying speeds and strengths . 
 he seemed to be judging my responses ; every quiver got more of the same as a reward , and he sped up and slowed down as if testing me out . 
 seeing what i liked . 
 hell , i liked all of it . 
 my hands tightened in his hair in shock when he sucked on my clit , though , and he gave a small , rough chuckle at my reaction . 
 `` like that , did you ? '' 
 `` more , '' i demanded , tightening my hands in his hair . 
 oh god , i needed more of that . 
 `` as my alpha commands , '' he said with that smooth , seductive voice , and brushed his lips over my clit in a glorious tease before sucking on it again . 
 i whimpered , feeling an orgasm building and helpless to stop it . 
 my thighs clenched helplessly , and my hips jerked in response when he brushed two fingers against my core and pushed into my slick warmth , even as his mouth continued to suck on my clit , sending shockwaves of pleasure through me with the occasional flick of his tongue . 
 then , his fingers began to pump inside me . 
 the orgasm splintered and broke through me . 
 `` unh , '' i gasped , then was horrified at the completely unsexy noise i 'd just made . 
 release tore through me , locking every muscle along its way , even as jackson continued to thrust his fingers deep inside me , working me with both hand and tongue at once . 
 it took what seemed like forever for me to come down from that , and by the time his mouth lifted , i was wrung out with the orgasm he 'd ripped from me . 
 i panted for breath , a bit embarrassed at my hard reaction . 
 but jackson simply looked pleased with himself . 
 he nipped the inside of one knee while giving me a sexy , pleased look , and got to his feet , his hands going to his jeans . 
 i lay back in the bed , panting , watching as he stripped his jeans off . 
 his cock was erect and the head was gleaming with pre-cum , his own need obvious . 
 he was beautiful as he kicked off his jeans and then came back to the bed , moving over me . 
 his warmth and weight pressed down on me and then he moved in to kiss me , his lips licking at mine in an imitation of what he 'd done to my sex , and i moaned against his mouth even as he grasped my thigh and pulled it around his hip . 
 i followed his lead , lifting my other leg , and was rewarded with a shallow thrust , his cock sliding against the wet curls of my sex . 
 `` that 's my alice , '' he murmured against my mouth . 
 `` all mine . '' 
 i felt the head of his cock nudge against my opening and i sucked in , tensing a little . 
 my hips wanted to flex against him , but i was suddenly afraid of it hurting . 
 jackson pushed forward . 
 there was a bolt of pain as my body stretched to accommodate him . 
 i yelped , but it was smothered by his kisses . 
 he pushed forward again , sinking deeper into me , and my nails bit into his skin . 
 a hiss escaped me . 
 he panted , every muscle in his body tense . 
 `` fuck , you 're tight , alice . '' 
 his hips flexed , and i felt him push deeper , the sharp stabs of pain gone and replaced by a low ache . 
 it felt as if he 'd invaded me , and i was n't quite sure i liked the sensation yet . 
 but then he leaned in to kiss me again , and i melted under his mouth . 
 his tongue thrusting into my mouth felt ... different with him buried deep inside me , and the ache of need in my sex began to return . 
 when his hips hitched again , i lifted with him . 
 `` alice , '' he panted , and i could see the sheen of sweat on his face - his gorgeous , wonderful face - as he moved slowly , determined not to hurt me . 
 his gaze flicked to mine and our eyes locked , and i saw a flicker of his wolf in his eyes . 
 and then he thrust , hard , sinking deep . 
 i gasped . 
 not because it hurt , but because it had filled that raw ache with a sweet bolt of pleasure . 
 my arms curled around his neck and i lifted my mouth for him to kiss again , even as i raised my hips . 
 `` alice , '' he growled against my mouth , and began to thrust harder . 
 i lifted my hips with each movement , determined to match him , and felt the spiraling pleasure of sex washing through me again . 
 this felt good , really good . 
 jackson 's hard body moving over mine , moving deep inside me , his chest brushing against my nipples , his mouth on mine , the musky scent of him filling my nostrils - all of the sensations combined to create a whirlwind of pleasure that enveloped me , and before long , i was crying out my pleasure with each thrust , hungry for more . 
 `` you going to come again ? '' 
 he gritted , driving hard into me . 
 `` going to come for me again ? '' 
 i nodded , my lips seeking his and only succeeding in barely brushing over them . 
 the kisses had given way as he 'd begun to pump into me harder and faster , his own desire overtaking him . 
 `` i want to see it , '' he told me , his whisper harsh , and i felt his fingers move between us where we were joined . 
 a moment later , i felt him flick my clit , even as he thrust deep inside me again . 
 i moaned hard , my body arching . 
 the combined sensations were too much - i could n't process it . 
 `` jackson , '' i growled , my voice loud . 
 `` i need -- `` `` i know , '' he told me . 
 ` i know . '' 
 and he flicked his fingers over my clit again . 
 i came hard , two seconds before he did . 
 my groans locked with his , and i felt the wash of him inside me , even as my legs clenched and quivered around his tight hips , my nails sunk deep into his shoulders with the fierceness of my orgasm . 
 it took a few minutes for my body to calm , for muscles to unlock , for breathing to slow . 
 jackson 's heavy weight collapsed on top of me , a delicious feeling that i did n't mind in the slightest . 
 i was still sprawled underneath him , his cock buried deep inside me , and my skin , damp with perspiration , stuck to his . 
 i 'd never been more content . 
 after a moment , he propped up on one elbow and gave me a pleased look , his dark blond hair stuck to his forehead in funny little ringlets . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i nodded , stretching an arm over my head and yawning . 
 i felt fucking fantastic . 
 `` good , '' he murmured , and leaned in to kiss my neck . 
 `` i was n't sure because you were n't being yourself . '' 
 my brows drew together and i gave him a curious look . 
 `` being myself ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 his eyebrows wiggled down at me in a way that could only be defined as ` lecherous . ' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 between all that moaning and begging , it was practically like you were showing throat to me . 
 was n't like the alpha i know at all . '' 
 i growled low in my throat and pushed at his shoulder until we rolled over in my narrow bed . 
 a moment later , jackson was pinned under me and i straddled him . 
 `` showing throat , huh ? '' 
 `` ` fraid so . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` at what point did i show throat ? 
 when i told you to lick me harder ? '' 
 `` i do n't recall hearing that , '' he said innocently . 
 `` all i know is that i climbed on top of you and had my way with you . '' 
 `` that so ? '' 
 i told him , and reached out to flick one of his nipples with my fingers , enjoying his reaction . 
 i felt every ripple of his shiver with him trapped between my thighs - and still trapped inside my body . 
 `` because that 's not how i remember it . '' 
 `` selective memory , '' he teased . 
 `` happens in betas . '' 
 `` beta ? '' 
 i growled . 
 `` i 'm no beta . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i always thought that mating with an alpha female would mean she 'd want to be in charge of everything . '' 
 i gave another wiggle of my hips on top of him . 
 `` you want to see a female in charge in bed ? '' 
 i leaned down and put my mouth on one of his nipples , biting at it . 
 `` you just tell me when you 're ready for more and i 'll show you an alpha female in bed . '' 
 jackson 's eyes gleamed with pleasure . 
 `` that so ? '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 i knew i 'd fallen for the oldest trick in the book , but i did n't much care . 
 that was the thing with jackson and me . 
 we were perfect for each other , because we complimented each other 's strengths . 
 when i fell back , he was there to pick up the pace and take the lead . 
 when i wanted to lead ? 
 he let me and was content to assist . 
 it was n't that one of us was stronger than the other , or more dominant . 
 we were just different , and dominant in different ways . 
 it was like our pack was just a big puzzle , and i 'd found the missing piece . 
 and as i leaned in to press a kiss to his chest , i knew he felt the same way . 
 i did n't have to ask , after all . 
 it was obvious in his face , as it was in mine . 
 we were pack , and we were home . 
 *** the end *** from the author thank you for reading this book ! 
 seriously -- thank you . 
 somewhere out there , a unicorn just farted a rainbow out of sheer happiness . 
 and your hair sure is pretty today ! 
 have you lost weight ? 
 no ? 
 well , keep doing what you 're doing , because you look fabulous . 
 anyhow ... if you are the type that likes to review what you 've read , i 'd love for you to leave me a review -- let me know what you thought . 
 feedback is super important to people like me that juggle three or more series at once . 
 we like feedback like chocolate loves peanut butter . 
 and the more feedback i get , the more it tells me what i need to work on next . 
 so if you want more midnight liaisons , let me know ! 
 for those curious about the reading order of the midnight liaisons books , each one stands totally alone and it is n't necessary to read in one particular order . 
 however , characters do pop up in book to book , so i suggest the following : beauty dates the beast `` vixen '' in wild & steamy desperately seeking shapeshifter `` speed mating '' in fire & frost single wolf female must love fangs wanted : wild thing -lrb- 2014 -rrb- about jessica sims jessica sims lives in texas . 
 she hates writing a bio , so something cool will undoubtedly go here later when she actually thinks of something interesting to write . 
 she has some cats , but what writer does n't ? 
 she plays video games and confesses to reading comic books . 
 and she likes writing , but that one was pretty obvious . 
 sign up for jessica 's newsletter and you 'll receive notices of new releases under all of her pen names , along with a coupon for a free read . 
 you can visit jessica 's website at www.jessica-sims.com want more midnight liaisons ? 
 here 's a sneak peek of must love fangs , the next full-length midnight liaisons novel , available everywhere on august 27 , 2013 . 
 marie bellavance has known for years that she will die of the same incurable disease her mother did . 
 that 's why she never dated and does n't allow anyone to get close to her . 
 but now , as an employee of the paranormal dating agency midnight liaisons , she has a chance : if she can find someone to turn her into a supernatural creature , she 'll be cured ! 
 flirty were-cougar joshua russell has wanted standoffish marie for his own , but she 's been off limits as a human . 
 when he catches her sneaking away from a vampire date gone wrong , he steps in and offers his own services . 
 as a vampire bodyguard , he 's able to tell her which vamps will be the perfect ones to date . 
 but he 's secretly got a better plan in mind : if she wants to date the supernatural , a handsome were-cougar would be the best choice of all . 
 chapter one when i was a child , my father used to let me stay up late to watch movies with him on saturday nights . 
 my father had stunningly bad taste in movies . 
 his favorite ? 
 mothra vs. godzilla . 
 i remembered being terrified of the massive , furious creatures that screamed and bellowed as they tore through tokyo . 
 those furious growls and outraged shrieks sounded a bit like what was going on right now in the midnight liaisons conference room . 
 no laser beams shooting from eyes , but there was enough snarling to make any human feel on edge . 
 my boss , bathsheba russell , was perched on the corner of my desk , wringing her hands and staring at the front door . 
 it made it impossible to work , and i shoved my notepad under a stack of papers . 
 `` something i can help with , bath ? '' 
 she glanced over at me , startled , then shook her head . 
 another round of furious snarls came from the conference room , and she winced as the snarls turned into shouting . 
 `` no , i 'm sure they 'll be here soon . '' 
 well , that was frustrating , and it did n't bode well for my own plans . 
 i cast an oblique look over at my coworker , ryder . 
 she widened her eyes and gave me a helpless shrug , as if saying , what can you do ? 
 sure , ryder did n't care if the boss stuck around for an extra hour or two . 
 it would n't derail her night like it 'd derail mine . 
 and i needed this night . 
 i needed every single day i had left . 
 when you 're dying , you tend to get a little pissy about wasted time . 
 the front door opened , and just like that , the conference room got quiet . 
 i could practically hear their shifter ears straining to make out who had just entered . 
 in walked a scowling , lanky young man , hand in hand with a pretty , but frightened , redhead . 
 the girl stared at me fearfully , then looked at bathsheba as if she 'd been about to pounce . 
 `` we 're human , '' bath said in a dry voice . 
 `` the ones you need to be scared of are in there . '' 
 she gestured at the now-too-quiet conference room . 
 the boy braced his shoulders and pulled the woman under his protective arm . 
 she went willingly , her face utterly pale . 
 poor thing . 
 they marched forward toward the conference room . 
 `` they look like they 're heading to a funeral , '' i whispered to bath . 
 `` they might be , '' she whispered back . 
 `` vic wants to kill him . '' 
 she flushed when the boy paused in front of the conference room and turned to glare at us . 
 no one said a thing as the conference room door opened . 
 they stepped in . 
 closed the door . 
 a pause . 
 and then tempers exploded all over again . 
 `` how dare you turn a human ? '' 
 roared vic . 
 the snarl of the tiger alpha 's voice rose above all others . 
 `` what the fuck were you thinking ? '' 
 `` there 's no one for us , '' the man shouted back . 
 `` there 's no women my age . 
 there 's no women , period ! '' 
 `` then you use this goddamn agency and find yourself a date , '' vic roared again . 
 `` let 's calm down , '' beau said firmly . 
 the alliance leader , a were-cougar and bath 's husband , was usually cool and in control of every situation , but he did n't sound calm now . 
 vic gave another ear-shattering roar , and i heard the gulping cry of the woman . 
 `` she 's still thinking like a human , '' bath said in irritation , getting to her feet . 
 `` and they 're going to scare the shit out of her . 
 i 'm going in there . '' 
 as she moved toward the conference room , i took off my glasses and pretended to check them for smudges . 
 act calm . 
 easy . 
 no problem . 
 but my heart was racing a mile a minute . 
 my head throbbed with the adrenaline rush . 
 i ignored it , just like i did all the other physiological symptoms lately . 
 i did n't have time to mess with them . 
 ryder pointed at her computer monitor , indicating that she was going to send me an instant message . 
 i turned to my screen and waited . 
 yikes , she sent . 
 it sounds like they might be in there awhile . 
 i typed back quickly . 
 what exactly is going on ? 
 did that guy really turn a human ? 
 yup , she sent back . 
 i got here just as they were shoving sara out the door . 
 you know how b protects her . 
 ramsey , too . 
 sara was bath 's quiet , delicate sister ; she normally hung around the agency until her mate , ramsey , a were-bear , picked her up in the evening . 
 it seemed that sara was a werewolf and everyone had known this but me . 
 humans , always the last to know . 
 but since i worked at a dating agency that catered exclusively to the paranormal , it made sense that someone on staff would be , well , paranormal . 
 i glanced over at ryder again . 
 more than one someone . 
 sara was just out of the closet , but ryder was still in hiding . 
 i put my hands on the keyboard . 
 so do you have the scoop ? 
 wellllll , ryder typed . 
 from what i 've been able to overhear , it sounds like ol’ johnny fell in love with his girlfriend , and uncle vic in there did not approve . 
 so johnny turned her and decided to ask permission later . 
 can you believe that ? 
 that was bad . 
 really bad . 
 humans were n't supposed to know about supernaturals unless they were allowed into the alliance first . 
 and every human who 'd been allowed into the alliance was currently in this office : me , ryder , and bathsheba . 
 for a supernatural -lrb- or `` supe '' as we liked to call them -rrb- to reveal their true nature to a human was against the rules . 
 to reveal their true nature and then turn a human into a shifter was worse than bad . 
 it caused all kinds of problems . 
 what if they broke up ? 
 what were human parents supposed to do with a were-tiger daughter ? 
 who was going to explain why their cute little lola had to use a scratching post and went gonzo when the catnip was rolled out ? 
 by revealing his true nature to a human , johnny had endangered everyone in the alliance . 
 the network was built on a tenuous trust of the other species , and now that had been broken . 
 and it was going to play havoc with my plans . 
 as the yelling in the other room increased , i pulled my notepad out again and looked at the list i 'd been working on . 
 potential supernaturals were-anything vampire i frowned , displeased at how very short it was . 
 perhaps i was forgetting something ? 
 `` hey , ryder ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 my coworker dragged her gaze away from the conference room , where it had gotten awfully quiet again . 
 i tapped my pencil on my desk , thinking as i stared down at the list . 
 `` can you think of any supernaturals that can turn someone ? '' 
 `` turn someone ? '' 
 `` you know , turn someone , '' i said . 
 at her suspicious look , i pointed at the conference room , where a low rumbling argument between two men could be heard , interspersed by an occasional higher voice that was probably bathsheba , trying to interject some common sense into the argument . 
 ryder shook her head . 
 `` bad timing , '' she mouthed . 
 `` let it rest . '' 
 but i could n't afford to let it rest . 
 i stared down at the paper , thinking , as the voices now rose in the conference room . 
 `` this is abominable ! '' 
 vic shouted . 
 `` a disgrace ! '' 
 ooo , abominable made me think of yeti . 
 were-yeti ? 
 i wrote it down and put a question mark next to it . 
 then i scratched it out . 
 no one in their right mind wanted to be a yeti . 
 gross . 
 i chewed my eraser , thinking . 
 fae ? 
 they were born , not made , but they were also secretive . 
 maybe they knew something -- the bell clanged against the glass of the front door , signaling that someone had entered the office . 
 i looked up , putting a smile on my face ... and sighed with dismay at the sight of the man strolling in . 
 joshua russell , my least favorite client ever . 
 `` hi , josh , '' i said in my most bored voice . 
 he grinned , making a beeline for my desk . 
 damn it . 
 i sighed and pushed the notepad under a stack of reports again , then focused my attention on the tall , sexy man standing in front of my desk . 
 my gaze was just at crotch height , which made things a bit awkward when i was trying to ignore the man . 
 suddenly a large , perfect rose appeared under my nose . 
 `` for you , beautiful . '' 
 i pushed it aside . 
 some flirts never changed . 
 `` nice try , josh . 
 i 'm human , remember ? '' 
 `` yes , but you 're an alliance human . 
 that 's different , '' he said with a devastating grin that would have knocked the panties off any were-cat in the area . 
 `` different is good . '' 
 `` i have a pollen allergy , '' i lied in my stiffest voice and gave him a prim look . 
 he sighed as if defeated , but sauntered over to ryder 's desk instead , presenting her with the flower . 
 she looked up from her reports , grinned at him , and took the flower with a wink . 
 good . 
 maybe he 'd leave me alone now . 
 like the other big cats his entire clan was infamous for , joshua russell was a mix of power and playfulness . 
 i studied him under my lashes as he chatted with ryder , leaning over her desk . 
 his brown hair was cropped short , just barely a buzz under his black russell security baseball cap . 
 there was an attractive hint of scruff on his strong jaw , as if he 'd forgotten to shave . 
 like all of the russell werecougars , he had strong , masculine features . 
 where his brother beau 's features were a little more refined , more stern , josh 's seemed to be made for laughing . 
 he had a ridiculous dimple in one cheek that flashed now and then , and his eyes were an unfair shade of blue , framed by lashes thick enough to make any woman jealous . 
 his shoulders were big and brawny , and when he wore a tight shirt -- like he was today -- you could see the outlines of his pectorals and the bulge of his biceps . 
 yet these almost paled in comparison to his deliciously tight ass , which was currently pointed toward my desk . 
 i stared at it . 
 what a shame that such a beautiful piece of male flesh was attached to such an overt horn-dog . 
 he glanced over his shoulder just in time to catch me staring at his ass . 
 i flushed and averted my gaze , but not before i caught his grin . 
 damn it . 
 i sighed inwardly as he strolled back to my desk and dropped into the chair across from me . 
 i shot him an irritated glance . 
 `` can i help you with something ? '' 
 `` i think i caught you checking me out , marie . '' 
 `` you did not , '' i said stiffly . 
 `` it 's fine if you ca n't admit it . '' 
 he leaned forward and whispered , `` i 'm told my ass is quite biteable . '' 
 i leaned toward him in return . 
 `` your mom does n't count . '' 
 josh grinned , then sniffed the air and slid my notepad out from underneath the pile of paper . 
 how the hell had he known that was there ? 
 i tried to snatch it back , but i was too slow . 
 josh held it aloft , then stood , reading it aloud . 
 `` potentials -- vampires , were-anything , fae . 
 yeti ? '' 
 he glanced over at me . 
 `` grocery list ? '' 
 `` i 'm helping a client decide who to date , '' i said , holding my hand out for the pad . 
 he waved it at me . 
 `` you 're not being very choosy for your client here . 
 were-anything ? '' 
 `` just give it back , '' i snapped . 
 `` and tell me why you 're here so i can get you out the door and get on with my life . 
 do you need a date ? 
 there 's a shock . '' 
 `` ah , a date , '' josh said , dropping the list onto my desk and slouching back in the chair again . 
 he gave me a thoughtful look , those long lashes over his gorgeous eyes making him look sleepy -- or sexy -- or both . 
 his gaze was intense , but his smile was disarming . 
 `` you think i should ? 
 i 'm still avoiding the last girl . '' 
 i snorted . 
 the last girl he 'd dated had n't been too thrilled when josh had never called her back . 
 she 'd called me to gripe about it , since i was the one that had paired the two of them . 
 i reached for the list again and he pulled it out of reach , waggling his eyebrows at me . 
 ugh . 
 determined , i got up , moved around the desk , and snatched the list back out of his hands . 
 as i stalked back to my chair , i eyed him . 
 `` you should try dating someone more than once . 
 do n't quote me on it , but i hear that 's how you have a relationship . '' 
 he did n't seem deterred by my waspish tone . 
 `` and you 're the relationship expert ? 
 how long have you dated your boyfriend ? '' 
 i had no boyfriend . 
 `` i do n't date . '' 
 `` all the more reason you should date me . 
 i 'd change your mind . '' 
 `` i especially do n't date clients . '' 
 `` first time for everything . '' 
 criss , i cussed mentally in my mother 's french . 
 talking to him was like running in circles . 
 i turned to my computer and began to type in his profile number . 
 he came in so often that i had it memorized . 
 at least , that 's what i told myself . 
 `` how about a werejaguar ? '' 
 `` too pushy . 
 i like girls that are a little tart but melt in my arms . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 oh brother . 
 `` harpy ? '' 
 `` pottymouth . '' 
 `` dryad ? '' 
 `` all they want to do is hike . 
 i 'm more of a ` curl up in front of the fire and get to know each other ' kind of guy . '' 
 i 'd just bet he was . 
 `` fae ? '' 
 `` too delicate . 
 i like a girl i can grab . '' 
 oh , you are a pig . 
 `` vampire ? '' 
 he touched his nose . 
 `` not a fan of the dead smell . '' 
 i turned from my keyboard in exasperation . 
 `` why do n't you tell me what you 're looking for , and i 'll see if we have a profile that might match that description ? '' 
 josh skimmed a finger in lazy circles on the surface of my desk . 
 `` i did n't say i was here for a date . 
 unless you 're willing , of course . '' 
 `` then why are you here ? '' 
 he gestured at the back room , where the sounds of arguing still continued . 
 `` heard that vic merino was going to be stopping by in a fury , and those tigers like to roar . 
 thought i 'd come give my brother some backup before heading off to work . '' 
 my eyes narrowed at him . 
 `` so why all the pretense about your dating choices ? '' 
 `` you tell me , marie . 
 you 're the one who 's so quick to try and get me laid . '' 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 `` do n't you have someplace to be ? '' 
 like , anywhere but here ? 
 josh adjusted his baseball cap , and i caught another glimpse of those inhumanly beautiful blue eyes . 
 `` no place i 'd rather be than right here with you , marie . '' 
 `` go away , '' i said , turning back to my computer . 
 `` i 'm busy here . '' 
 `` busy with your list ? 
 rounding up yeti for lonely were-women ? '' 
 i glared . 
 `` go . '' 
 he laughed and leaned forward , his big shoulders looming over my desk . 
 my skin prickled with awareness and i stared at him , waiting . 
 his nostrils flared and josh tilted his head , then looked satisfied with whatever he 'd smelled . 
 he glanced back down at me . 
 `` turns out beau does n't need me . 
 sounds like the conversation 's over . '' 
 he lifted three fingers to the air , then counted down to two , then one . 
 the door to the conference room opened . 
 a large man with inky black hair stormed out of the office . 
 beau followed , a grim expression on his face . 
 at his heels , bathsheba tugged on her long , white-blond ponytail , looking nervous . 
 the tiger clan leader seemed coldly furious , and i avoided making eye contact with him . 
 he was mean looking , like a lot of the larger predator types . 
 his arms were enormous and corded with veins , but his large , brutish features had an appeal . 
 and he looked strong . 
 really damn strong . 
 strong was good . 
 i slid my list out and made a note of `` tiger '' under `` were-anything . '' 
 `` calm down , '' beau told him . 
 `` let 's talk about this rationally . '' 
 `` rational ? '' 
 vic merino roared , the veins bulging in his neck . 
 the big man snarled , his shoulders hunched with fury as he turned to glare at beau . 
 `` one of my clan just turned a human . 
 do you know what this means ? 
 it means i 'm now stuck with a fucking human who ca n't figure out why she wants to turn into a fucking tiger every now and then . 
 my clan did n't need this shit . '' 
 `` i 'm sure things will be fine , '' bathsheba began soothingly . 
 vic turned his withering glare on her . 
 `` fine ? 
 my clan will be forced to pay reparations to every other clan for breaking the law . 
 once the other clans find out what mine has done , they 're going to bankrupt us . 
 and we 're also going to have to pay off her parents to keep them silent . 
 we 're fucked . '' 
 his eyes grew fierce and wild . 
 `` my wife is pregnant with our child . 
 you want me to be calm and rational while that idiot is taking food out of my mate 's mouth ? '' 
 beau stepped in front of bathsheba , silently protecting her , his glare fierce . 
 `` do n't take that tone with my mate , vic . '' 
 vic snarled back at beau , baring his teeth ... then dropped back a foot , pacing away . 
 `` sorry . 
 fuck . 
 i 'm just a little stressed right now . '' 
 i discreetly crossed `` tigers '' off my list . 
 yikes . 
 i was n't sure i could deal with that kind of temper . 
 a muscle ticked in beau 's cheek . 
 `` i 'm just as angry as you are . 
 but shouting is n't going to turn her human again . '' 
 `` and what am i supposed to do ? 
 they 've got me by my fucking balls and my clan by my wallet . 
 who am i going to complain to ? '' 
 he crossed his arms over his broad chest . 
 `` she already tried to go to the police once , and we had to shut that shit down fast . '' 
 `` no human police , '' beau said , not moving from his protective stance in front of his wife . 
 `` you know what we have to do . '' 
 that stopped the tiger 's furious pacing . 
 `` what do you propose ? '' 
 `` the law changes today . 
 here . 
 now , '' beau said with a slice of his hand through the air . 
 `` first the trouble with the wolves and sara , and now this . 
 things are getting out of control , and it threatens the safety of everyone . 
 maybe people think that because i 've taken a human mate , the rules have relaxed . 
 that 's not the case . 
 bathsheba 's life was threatened . 
 her sister 's been under constant attack . 
 if anything , it 's proven to me that humans and weres should n't mix . '' 
 the look on his face was grim . 
 `` from here on out , we 're moving to a no tolerance policy . 
 no unapproved turnings . 
 anyone who does ? 
 can join their newly turned friend in permanent exile . '' 
 permanent exile ? 
 `` exile ? '' 
 johnny said , echoing my thoughts as he stepped out of the conference room , the redhead trailing behind him , her hand clutched in his . 
 he swallowed hard . 
 `` we 're exiled ? '' 
 `` we have n't decided yet , '' vic snarled . 
 `` why do n't you go show your girlfriend how to control her change so she does n't make another fucking scene in public ? '' 
 the girl flushed a bright red , and johnny scowled . 
 he grabbed the girl 's arm , and they made a hasty exit out of the room . 
 beau rubbed his face , seeming decades older . 
 the tiger alpha looked like he wanted to ransack something , and beau shook his head . 
 `` we 'll sit on this for a few days before deciding what to do about his disrespect . '' 
 `` and the girl -- '' `` will be included in his punishment , '' beau agreed . 
 `` we have to be firm on this . 
 if it gets out that someone 's gone and changed a human , we 're all at risk . 
 zero tolerance . '' 
 `` but wo n't that be seen as hypocritical after you 've taken a human mate ? '' 
 bath asked , her voice quiet . 
 `` your men are lonely . '' 
 `` and the men are not acting rationally . 
 i 'm not protecting them -- i 'm thinking of you , of sara . 
 of every single human woman that 's going to be hunted and turned into something she does n't understand unless we put a lid on this . '' 
 he fixed a fierce gaze on all of us . 
 no one said a thing . 
 beau turned to bathsheba . 
 `` i need a list of all packs and clans that have an extremely low female ratio . 
 we need to make sure the males are kept occupied . 
 the last thing we want is a string of human women turned by men who ca n't keep it in their pants . '' 
 she gave him a blank look . 
 `` i 'm sorry , were you asking me as your wife , or your assistant ? '' 
 i sucked in a breath , expecting someone to explode . 
 but beau only chuckled , leaning in to kiss her cheek . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 could you please help with this ? 
 i promise i 'll look at those resumés for an assistant once things calm down . '' 
 she gave him a mollified smile and nodded . 
 that was the thing i never got used to with shifters . 
 they preferred it when their women talked back . 
 `` but -- '' johnny began . 
 `` no excuses , '' beau clipped as he jerked around to fix the man in his gaze . 
 his teeth bared , and i realized he was furious . 
 barely controlled , despite his loving manner with bathsheba . 
 `` no one else is turned , or they 'll be exiled permanently . '' 
 my heart dropped into my throat , and i very quietly scratched out `` were-anything '' on my list . 
 that just cut down my list of available choices ... considerably . 
 after all , i was trying to get someone to turn me . 
 continued in must love fangs -lrb- available everywhere august 27 , 2013 ! -rrb- 
