 love or die lana mowdy copyright 2013 lana mowdy smashwords edition cover by ted conley © 2013 edited by kelley birk discover other titles by lana mowdy at smashwords.com this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , the please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 chapter 1 `` no more fat . '' 
 `` no more fat . '' 
 miranda chanted her mantra in time to the movement of her feet as she pushed herself up the hill . 
 just another quarter of a mile . 
 as she reached the top of the hill , she willed her legs to continue . 
 she could feel her legs trembling with exertion . 
 sweat poured down her body , and her head was beginning to swim . 
 glancing up , she spotted a small park bench and plopped down before her legs gave way underneath her . 
 she could n't feel the bench beneath her . 
 the world was spinning out of control , and she felt as if she were floating on fast moving clouds . 
 grabbing the edge of the bench with both hands , she closed her eyes and visualized her lungs slowly filling with air . 
 she was too tired to take in the breathtaking view that she usually enjoyed . 
 instead she placed her head down between her knees and visualized the scenery . 
 a long , winding lane made its way through towering trees that danced in the cool breeze . 
 in the distance , a sparkling lake with spots of colors from the early morning canoes sparkled under the rising sun . 
 spongy grass gave way beneath her feet . 
 although the early morning dew cooled the air , the july sun would soon rise to push back the clouds and scorch the green foliage surrounding her . 
 `` you really should n't sit down after you have pushed yourself that hard . '' 
 miranda popped her head up , startled by the masculine voice in her ear . 
 `` you need to cool down . 
 walk around the bench a few times and allow your heart rate to slow before you sit down . '' 
 miranda continued to glare at the cool blue eyes which seemed to stare at her intensely . 
 her heart continued to race , but she was unsure whether it was from running or the sight of the man beside her . 
 she could feel the heat of his scrutiny looming , hidden behind the cool exterior . 
 she felt her face beginning to burn , and she turned away . 
 `` well , since you refuse to listen to my advice , i 'll have to remain here to make sure you do n't pass out or have a heart attack . '' 
 his eyebrows furled for a moment before he reached out his hand . 
 `` i 'm zach . '' 
 miranda scooted away from him quickly then glanced at his outreached hand . 
 ignoring the hand , she tucked a stray hair behind her ear . 
 she replied hesitantly , `` miranda . '' 
 `` it 's nice to meet you , miranda . 
 how long have you been running ? '' 
 `` about a month , three miles a day , '' she eyed him warily . 
 he was quite a handsome man . 
 light brown hair fell across his forehead . 
 high cheekbones accentuated a strong jaw , still nicely shaven . 
 his light blue linen shirt barely contained the rippling muscles across his shoulders and biceps . 
 she wondered briefly why he was here . 
 his comfortable shoes were not made for running , but they suggested that he would be on his feet for a while . 
 the lack of suit and tie indicated that he was n't a corporate man , but he was n't dressed for manual labor , either . 
 he was definitely fit , but was n't overly zealous about his health . 
 `` quite impressive . 
 i would suggest that if you are going to run that far alone , you should take better care of yourself . '' 
 she scanned the area and noticed that they were alone . 
 the early morning crowd of walkers had dissipated as the sun began its ascent . 
 sitting in the middle of the park with a strange man is never safe . 
 get out now , while you still have the chance . 
 she checked her pulse and decided that she did n't have time to allow it to slow any further . 
 `` i will . 
 thank you . '' 
 miranda glanced at her watch . 
 `` i really have to go . '' 
 `` hope to see you again . 
 be careful . '' 
 the edges of his full mouth turned slightly . 
 his eyes swept her body as she stood . 
 without a word , she turned and quickly fled the way she had come . 
 she ignored the pain ripping through her ankle for a few moments before she willed herself to slow down . 
 peeking over her shoulder , she noticed that the man did n't seem to be paying attention to her , so she slowed her pace . 
 get a grip miranda . 
 there is no reason to feel threatened because a guy is nice to you , she berated herself . 
 she had not let bitterness and resentment convince her that all men are bad , but her naiveté had been crushed . 
 it 's a tough world , and she had decided over the past few months that she would not let it destroy her . 
 sure , ethan may have been controlling , but he did n't beat me . 
 i won in the end , and i have elizabeth , now . 
 she smiled as she thought of her young daughter and pushed thoughts of her former husband to the back of her mind . 
 only one good thing had come out of her three year marriage to an abominable man , her daughter . 
 she stopped at the edge of the park and watched her daughter toddle around on the grass , playing with her friend . 
 the tiny blonde girl was the one blessing in her life . 
 when her marriage ended over a year ago , she thought her life was over . 
 every dream came crashing down , leaving nothing but pain and frustration in its wake . 
 the last month of her pregnancy was filled with dread . 
 she did not miss her husband for one moment , but the thought of being a single mother was daunting . 
 it all changed the instant she looked into elizabeth 's tiny red face , and she gripped her finger with the strength of a mouse . 
 she realized suddenly that the tiny life that she held in her arms relied on her for everything . 
 her heart was filled with unspeakable love that poured forth from her eyes . 
 a year later those same emotions threatened to overwhelm her . 
 `` momma ! '' 
 the peals of laughter pulled miranda from her reverie . 
 she pushed her way through the park , grabbed her daughter and spun her in circles . 
 pain shot through her ankle as she sank to the blanket spread on the grass . 
 `` thank you for watching her , carolyn . '' 
 her best friend smiled sweetly . 
 `` we love playing with this beautiful girl . '' 
 she reached out to tickle elizabeth . 
 the young child in her lap agreed wholeheartedly . 
 `` and lacey is a great babysitter ! '' 
 `` and she is only four years old ! '' 
 miranda gasped in mock amazement , sending lacey and carolyn into squeals of laughter . 
 carolyn 's smile suddenly faded , leaving sadness around her eyes . 
 `` she is already four years old . '' 
 miranda reached out to touch her friend 's hand . 
 `` i guess the results were negative again ? 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i know how badly you have been wanting another child . '' 
 tears threatened to spill from carolyn 's eyes . 
 `` yet another month goes by without my heart 's desire . '' 
 a sad smile slipped across her face . 
 `` but lacey is a handful . 
 she is my blessing , and when it finally happens , she will be a great help . '' 
 `` yes , she will . 
 it will happen when it 's time . '' 
 carolyn squeezed miranda 's hand then rose . 
 `` it 's time to go home , lacey . '' 
 `` i have to be at work in an hour . 
 thanks again . 
 we 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 miranda rose and carried elizabeth across the park to the front of her apartment . 
 when she reached her apartment , she flopped on the couch with elizabeth in her lap . 
 she chose to ignore the pain in her ankle and focus on the beautiful face of her daughter . 
 golden curls fell around her pale face . 
 bright blue eyes and a small pointed nose gave her the image of a cherub . 
 she looks just like her father . 
 suddenly , his face flashed in her mind . 
 gorgeous blue eyes just inches from her own became steely as the hands around her throat began to squeeze . 
 `` you will never get away from me . 
 no one will ever want you again . 
 you are used , scarred , fat , and useless . '' 
 he released her without further threat and left her apartment . 
 she immediately fled her apartment and ran to her friend 's embrace . 
 after calming her down , carolyn escorted her to the police station where she pressed charges and filed a restraining order . 
 shivers ran down her back as she remembered the fear that clenched her gut . 
 doubt continued to flood her mind . 
 would the charges and restraining order keep him away ? 
 somehow she remained unconvinced . 
 chapter 2 as she entered the small building that housed her company , learning for life , she veered right , thankful again that she had the foresight three years ago to implement a daycare station for her employees . 
 she held elizabeth 's hand as she walked into the large room that had been painted in a noah 's ark theme . 
 animals walked two by two , holding hands and smiling . 
 seeing her friends , elizabeth immediately let go of her mother 's hand . 
 miranda kissed her goodbye and stood watching her for a moment . 
 she was a social butterfly who enjoyed company and chattered incessantly . 
 she smiled and laughed as she joined the other children playing with blocks . 
 miranda rode the elevator to the second floor . 
 thinking about her encounter that morning , she decided that she needed to look into self-defense classes . 
 although she usually stayed at home if she was n't at work , she needed to be able to defend herself . 
 stepping away from the elevator , she took a deep breath . 
 she scanned the office , reveling in the soft beiges and greens that created a calming effect . 
 a floor to ceiling window looked over the city street , giving the room an open feel , and creating a sense of connection with the rest of the world . 
 in the middle of the room , her secretary sat gazing at a computer screen . 
 when the elevator doors opened , emily raised her eyes and greeted her warmly . 
 miranda felt so good to be welcomed by a friendly face . 
 emily had been a family friend for years . 
 several years ago , when miranda opened her company , emily had been looking for a job and had been perfectly qualified . 
 over the years , she had proved to be invaluable . 
 not only was she a great employee , but she brightened the room with her infectious smile . 
 clients loved her warmth , personal attention , and infallible memory . 
 `` good morning , emily . 
 how was your weekend ? '' 
 emily blushed , `` he proposed ! '' 
 she flew to miranda , holding out her left hand . 
 her small diamond glistened brightly . 
 miranda threw her arms around her . 
 `` congratulations ! '' 
 emily and her fiancé , trey , had been dating for four years . 
 although they had discussed marriage , emily was beginning to doubt that he would ever pop the question . 
 her excitement radiated from her entire body . 
 `` you 'll have to give me the details over lunch . '' 
 miranda returned her brilliant smile . 
 `` what do we have today ? '' 
 emily could n't wipe the grin from her face . 
 `` your ten o'clock appointment is waiting in the conference room . 
 he 's only been here a few minutes . '' 
 `` thank you emily . '' 
 miranda strode to her office to throw down her purse and pick up the file for mr. corbin . 
 she swept her long auburn hair into a makeshift bun , and ignored the pain in her ankle as her heels clicked along the corridor . 
 mr. corbin rose and reached for her hand as she entered the room . 
 `` mr. corbin , i 'm pleased to meet you . '' 
 he took her hand and raised it to his lips . 
 his eyes twinkled in amusement . 
 she withdrew her hand quickly and turned to hide her blush . 
 `` i 'm pleased to make your acquaintance , ms. row . 
 this is my son , jake , and you may call me lee . '' 
 `` good morning jake . '' 
 miranda smiled across the table at the young boy slouched in his chair . 
 his hair hung over his face , but she could sense his grimacing glare . 
 `` mr. corbin , or lee , let me tell you a bit about our company . 
 i began my teaching career at an early age . 
 i noticed that although i worked with every child , there were still some that would slip through the cracks . 
 gaps in learning caused by absences , misconceptions , or other reasons caused students to miss future lessons , letting them fall further and further behind . 
 most of the students simply needed one on one tutoring in order to fill these gaps . 
 that is simply not possible in the public school system . 
 three years ago , i decided to begin this company . 
 we use research based techniques in order to find gaps in math and reading knowledge . 
 then , we focus on filling those gaps and bringing students up to grade level knowledge in a one on one environment . 
 we use teaching techniques that match their learning styles and show them how to utilize those learning styles to hone their own learning in the future . '' 
 `` that sounds exactly like what we need , ms. row . '' 
 mr. corbin seemed to hang on her every word , following each movement with his eyes as he gazed at her hungrily . 
 miranda ducked her head slightly , embarrassed by such brazen attention . 
 the man was handsome . 
 his dark , unruly hair hung over his forehead and lay on his shoulders . 
 his eyes reminded her of the ocean , dark in the tempest of a storm . 
 a weak jaw minimized full , rosy lips . 
 his stance was like that of a tiger . 
 he shifted often , leaning back in his chair trying to look relaxed , then rising to place his elbows on the conference table . 
 he emanated a confusing aura as he shifted between restrained power and relaxed seduction . 
 miranda decided to change her focus , `` jake , how do you feel like you are doing in school ? '' 
 the young man refused to answer , slumping further in his seat . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 jake is not happy to be here . 
 he is falling behind , and his grades are reflecting it , '' mr. corbin interrupted . 
 she turned to jake again , `` is there something going on at school ? '' 
 when he still refused to answer , she reluctantly turned her attention back to mr. corbin . 
 `` first we need to administer a few tests . 
 they are computer based and will immediately tell us where to begin . 
 we can begin these tests today if you would like . '' 
 `` that sounds like a good idea . '' 
 `` then i will get jake set up in the computer room , and i will return to fill out some paperwork . '' 
 after getting jake started , miranda hesitantly returned to the room , knowing she would be alone with mr. corbin . 
 she squared her shoulders , readying her silent stare that usually intimidated any man . 
 she stepped into the dark room , manly in its décor . 
 dark wood paneling and bright mahogany furniture heightened her feelings of control . 
 `` ms. row , may i call you miranda ? '' 
 she nodded her head imperceptibly . 
 `` there is something going on with jake , but it 's not at school . '' 
 he paused for a moment . 
 she could hear the catch in his breath . 
 `` his mother left us just a few months ago . 
 he does n't seem to be handling the change very well . '' 
 as he lifted his head , she could see the anguish in the small lines around his eyes . 
 she reached out to touch his hand . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 the corners of his mouth lifted slightly . 
 `` we will be fine . 
 it was not a holiday when she was with us , but it has been an adjustment living without her . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 `` miranda , i can see the pain in your eyes as well . 
 someone has hurt you deeply . '' 
 she stared at him for a moment before removing her hand from his . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` you do . 
 you may not want to discuss it now , but even when you smile , i can see the hurt in your eyes . '' 
 he leaned toward her . 
 she began to shake involuntarily . 
 she hurriedly stood up and turned to go . 
 `` thank you for your concern . 
 we will call you to set up an appointment with jake . '' 
 lee laid a hand on the small of her back . 
 as she turned to him , he allowed his fingers to trace her body , grazing the scar that ran down her side and across her abdomen . 
 a frightening spark of electricity seemed to radiate from the light pressure of his fingers . 
 `` i look forward to seeing you again , miranda . '' 
 miranda fled the room . 
 when she reached her office , her body was trembling . 
 closing her door , she studied herself in the mirror . 
 her face was flushed , and her hair had fallen to cascading tendrils down her back . 
 she tried to ignore the nausea and dizziness that attacked her by hiding in her office until she knew mr. corbin had left . 
 she rested her arms on her desk and her head in her hands . 
 you are used , scarred , fat , and useless . 
 she tried desperately to slow her rapidly beating heart . 
 the man was being nice to me , she thought . 
 yet , her heart continued to flutter with fear and anxiety . 
 there is no way another man will make his way into my life . 
 besides , once he found out how used , scarred , and fat , and useless i really am ... she shook her head to rid herself of the detrimental thoughts , the thoughts that plagued her through each and every day . 
 tears slid down her cheeks as she waited , hiding from her pursuer and the rest of the world . 
 chapter 3 an hour later , miranda 's head was still swimming as she dried her eyes and made her way to emily 's desk . 
 `` emily , i think i am going to head home for the day . 
 i am not feeling well . '' 
 emily stood and headed around her desk , `` is there anything i can do ? '' 
 worry painted lines around the corners of her mouth . 
 suddenly , pinpoints of light rushed in miranda 's eyes . 
 darkness overtook her , and she grabbed for the desk on the way to the ground . 
 when she woke , bright lights pierced her eyes . 
 she shut them quickly to avoid the pain . 
 a kind voice greeted her . 
 `` i guess you did n't take my advice this morning . '' 
 the voice was familiar . 
 a picture of the man sitting on the park bench flitted through her mind , and she opened her eyes to see him standing over her . 
 he smiled warmly . 
 small laugh lines etched from the corners of bright blue eyes . 
 a tremor of fear laced through her body as she realized that he wore a white coat . 
 an iv pierced her hand . 
 `` where is elizabeth ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , miranda . 
 elizabeth is in the waiting room with your friend carolyn . '' 
 she tried to pull herself up and out of the bed , but the iv lines held her in place . 
 `` please unhook me . 
 i have to get to my daughter . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but you are going to need to stay put for a while . 
 you are extremely dehydrated . 
 the iv is going to put more fluids in your system . 
 you have also pulled your achilles tendon . 
 we have it wrapped , but you are going to have to take it easy for a while . '' 
 she fell back against the pillows with frustration . 
 `` you do n't know what you are saying . 
 i ca n't just take it easy . 
 i have a one-year-old daughter , a company to run , and i have to keep jogging or all the work will be for nothing . '' 
 she glared at him with her hardest stare , hoping to scare the doctor into submission . 
 she glanced at his name tag . 
 `` doctor shannon , i appreciate your concern , but i do n't have time to rest . '' 
 `` if you do n't rest , all your work will be for nothing . 
 do you realize that you can die from dehydration ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` really ? 
 well , i 'm not in that bad of shape . 
 i 'm sure my colleagues will tell you that i am just a little tired . '' 
 `` your colleagues brought you here . '' 
 his eyes became hard , steeling himself for a fight . 
 he would not let her leave this place until she was fully hydrated . 
 her thin form lay in the bed . 
 he reached out to touch her arm . 
 `` please rest . 
 i am doing everything i can as quickly as i can , but if you do n't take care of yourself , your daughter will be left alone . '' 
 she blinked as she let his words sink in . 
 `` fine . 
 will you please send carolyn in here so that i can make sure that my daughter is okay ? '' 
 `` i will let her visit you for a few moments , but that is all . 
 i have alerted your friend that you will probably be here overnight . 
 i 'm sure she has everything under control . '' 
 he smiled at her one last time and left the room . 
 a few moments later , carolyn walked into the room , holding elizabeth . 
 miranda held out her arms , and elizabeth jumped into them . 
 `` how did you know i was here ? '' 
 carolyn touched her arm gently , `` emily called me the second that you went down . 
 i picked up elizabeth and rushed down here . '' 
 `` thank you so much . 
 how can i ever repay you for everything you have done for me ? '' 
 a mock smirk of chastisement crossed carolyn 's face . 
 `` start taking care of yourself . 
 if not for you , then for your daughter . '' 
 miranda turned to face her daughter , smiling pleasantly despite the frustration . 
 `` i take care of myself . '' 
 `` no . 
 you do n't . '' 
 carolyn dragged in a deep breath as if she had been waiting for a while to drop the hammer . 
 `` miranda , you ca n't keep going like you have . 
 you work yourself to the bone , you eat next to nothing , and you are jogging with a ruined tendon . '' 
 she shook her head in exasperation . 
 `` you know i have to work . '' 
 miranda grit her teeth while maintaining a light voice for elizabeth 's sake . 
 `` i eat when i 'm hungry , and you know why i ca n't quit running ! '' 
 `` you are a beautiful woman ! 
 how long are you going to let that loser ex-husband ruin your life ? 
 i 'm sick of seeing this ! 
 you are running yourself into the ground trying to prove yourself to someone who means nothing ! '' 
 tears threatened to spill from miranda 's eyes , but she refused to let them fall . 
 `` i am not doing any of this for him . '' 
 seething , she tried to control her voice . 
 `` i am running for me . 
 i do not like looking in the mirror , and until i do , i will continue to run , diet , and anything else . 
 i am proving myself to me , no one else . '' 
 `` that 's bullshit , and you know it ! '' 
 carolyn turned away for a moment to catch her breath . 
 `` regardless , you are going to lay here tonight and rest . 
 i am keeping elizabeth tonight and tomorrow night . 
 you are going to rest tonight then tomorrow you are going to emily 's engagement party . '' 
 miranda lifted her eyes and opened her mouth to protest . 
 `` no ! 
 no argument ! 
 you either do what i say or i will call your mother ! 
 we will see what she has to say about all of this ! '' 
 miranda searched her friend 's face for a sign of a bluff . 
 she was completely serious . 
 suddenly she began to feel tired again , and the room began to spin . 
 she kissed elizabeth and lifted her to carolyn 's arms . 
 `` fine . 
 but understand that i am complying under duress . '' 
 carolyn laughed , `` as long as you are complying , i could n't care less . '' 
 she leaned down and kissed miranda on the cheek . 
 `` sleep well my friend . '' 
 voices drifted from the doorway , breaking miranda from her sleep . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mr. corbin , but i am the attending physician , and i have ordered that ms. row ca n't have visitors . '' 
 hearing the name , miranda closed her eyes and feigned sleep . 
 `` i understand . 
 would you please give her these flowers and let her know that i am thinking of her ? '' 
 `` certainly . '' 
 upon hearing the door close , she opened her eyes and looked toward her visitor . 
 dr. zach shannon set the vase of magnolias on her bedside table then made his way to the chair he had pulled beside her bed . 
 `` you had a visitor . 
 do you know mr. corbin ? '' 
 miranda blanched upon hearing his name . 
 she shuddered then replied , `` he is a new client . 
 i just met with him today . 
 thank you for not letting him in . 
 i ca n't imagine why he would feel the need to visit or how he even knew i was here . '' 
 she paused for a moment , `` why are you still here ? 
 how many hours do you work ? '' 
 zach reached out and clasped her hand , careful not to apply too much pressure to such a dainty frame . 
 `` i finished my rounds and came back to sit with you . 
 i thought you could use a friend . '' 
 tingles of electricity ran through her arm at his touch . 
 rather than fear , she felt comforted . 
 she closed her eyes for a moment , confused by the sensation . 
 she had only met the man that morning and yet something about the way that he looked at her made her think that he could see into her soul . 
 `` i wish you had n't gone to the trouble . '' 
 she opened her eyes and tried to remove her hand from his grasp . 
 when he did n't release her , panic welled up in her throat . 
 he studied her for a moment , `` can i ask you a question ? 
 who is ethan ? '' 
 trembling overtook her body , and she made every effort to turn from him . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about him . '' 
 `` you do n't have to talk about him . 
 you were mumbling his name in your sleep . 
 i got the feeling that you are afraid of him . '' 
 he reached out his other hand and lightly stroked her arm . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'm not leaving you alone tonight . '' 
 she searched his face and found only sincerity . 
 `` why are you doing this ? 
 why are you here ? 
 do n't you have other patients that need your attention ? '' 
 he breathed deeply , `` miranda , the moment i saw you in the park , you took my breath away . 
 you are so lovely . '' 
 a grin spread across his face , `` and i brought you a cheeseburger . 
 the hospital food is horrendous ! 
 there is no way you will put some meat on those bones eating that stuff . '' 
 a blush spread across her cheeks , and she gently squeezed his hand in return . 
 he unwrapped her cheeseburger and sat in silence while they ate . 
 chapter 4 the next evening , miranda stood in the doorway of the restaurant . 
 carolyn had brought her home from the hospital a couple of hours ago with instructions to rest , take a long bath , and get ready for emily 's engagement party . 
 miranda had complied with each command . 
 still her nerves were grating as she considered walking into the room filled with people . 
 she checked her reflection in the mirror . 
 her burgundy sleeveless dress dipped low in the neckline , hugged her waist then flowed out , ending just above her knees . 
 black heels accentuated muscular calves . 
 she turned to the side , hoping desperately that her girdle held the bulges that that were so obvious to her . 
 she straightened her shoulders and gathered her courage . 
 the private room was filled with people standing around , holding drinks , and mingling . 
 the atmosphere was electrified with excitement . 
 although emily had ensured her that this was a casual get-together , the fashionably dressed guests suggested otherwise . 
 as miranda scanned the room , she remembered emily mentioning that trey , his brother , and most everyone in their family were doctors . 
 unexpectedly , a high-pitched squeal erupted from across the room . 
 `` she 's here ! '' 
 emily raced to miranda , throwing herself into her arms . 
 `` come meet my fiancé . '' 
 emily grabbed her hand and pulled her across the room . 
 `` miranda , this is the love of my life , trey , and his brother zach . '' 
 without looking stunned , zach reached for miranda 's hand . 
 `` small world is n't it ? '' 
 his eyes glittered . 
 miranda stared , open mouthed for a moment before she pulled herself together . 
 `` zach . 
 i did n't know you would be here . '' 
 `` he 's practically family ! 
 i did n't know that you knew each other . '' 
 emily babbled happily , unable to control her excitement . 
 she threw her arms around miranda again then whisked away to greet her other guests . 
 suddenly they were alone , and her mind whirled , struggling for something to say . 
 his presence enveloped her , taking her breath and filling her with anticipation . 
 zach slid to miranda 's side and wrapped his arm lightly around her waist . 
 he grabbed champagne from a tray as it passed and handed one to her . 
 `` would you dance with me ? '' 
 she shook her head , `` i do n't think that would be a good idea . 
 my ankle , remember ? '' 
 `` how could i forget ? 
 do n't worry , we 'll take it easy . '' 
 he gazed down at her . 
 her breath caught in her throat . 
 she tried to cover her nervousness by taking a slow drink from her champagne glass . 
 the fizzy liquid tickled her lips and she concentrated on the sensation . 
 she could feel the heat of his gaze on her face , but she refused to acknowledge him . 
 unsure of her voice , she was afraid that if she spoke , he would detect her emotions . 
 they confused her , and she did n't want him jumping to conclusions . 
 they finished their drinks and made their way to the dance floor . 
 he wrapped one arm around her waist and clasped her right hand in his . 
 her heart began to race as the warm tingles of his touch shot along her skin , leaving a trail of goose bumps . 
 he slowly strengthened his grasp , bringing her body closer to his . 
 she could feel the warmth of his skin just inches from her own . 
 bringing their hands to his lips , he kissed each of her fingertips and the palm of her hand then placed it around his neck . 
 he traced his finger along her jaw and across her full bottom lip , following it with soft whispering kisses . 
 she closed her eyes and focused on the feel of his unshaven face lightly touching hers , sending shivers down her spine . 
 her knees were becoming weak , but he held her in his arms , steadying her . 
 when he reached her ear , he nuzzled her neck and softly whispered , `` i want you . '' 
 without warning , she broke away from his grasp , catching her breath and running toward the bar . 
 she grabbed two drinks and threw them back , feeling the sting in the back of her throat then made her way to the restroom . 
 she washed her face and calmed her breathing . 
 grasping the edge of the sink , she closed her eyes . 
 what in the world has come over me ? 
 she hardly knew this man , yet he had the ability to make her lose her senses , forget her past , and hope for the future . 
 as she studied her reflection in the mirror , she could see that her face was flushed . 
 her lips were red and tender from his caresses . 
 she could still feel his fingers floating across her skin leaving a trail of fire . 
 this is too dangerous . 
 she had to get hold of herself before she acted on these feelings . 
 straightening her spine and firmly placing a cold glare in her eyes , she silently opened the door , hoping to avoid zach for the rest of the evening . 
 `` why are you trying to hide from me ? '' 
 zach reached for her arm . 
 miranda backed away , `` i 'm not trying to hide . '' 
 she turned to make her way to the dining room . 
 zach caught her hand and held her firmly . 
 his eyes blazed , `` you ca n't hide from me . '' 
 she paled slightly then straightened , `` i do n't know what you want from me . '' 
 still holding her , he drew her closer . 
 his proximity lit her body in flames , but she refused to acknowledge his touch . 
 he lightly lifted a strand of her hair behind her ear . 
 `` when i first saw you in the park , i knew i could n't rest until i made you mine . '' 
 his hand slid down her neck along the line of her jaw , his thumb trailing her lower lip . 
 his eyes followed the trace of his fingers . 
 `` i want all of you . 
 i want your mind , heart , and body . '' 
 catching her breath , she struggled to be released from his arms , but he refused to relinquish her . 
 she dropped her eyes , refusing to give in to his pull , `` you do n't know what you are asking of me . '' 
 `` i know everything i need to know . '' 
 he placed a finger under her chin to raise her face to his . 
 he delicately kissed her lips while running his hands up and down her arms . 
 slowly , his hands wandered down her sides , `` i have nothing left for you to take ! 
 everything is scarred ... my mind , body , and heart . 
 it 's all broken ! '' 
 she dropped her head , hiding the tears that threatened to spill over her cheeks . 
 `` i will take nothing . 
 i want it all , but you must give it freely . 
 you are n't scarred or broken . 
 you simply need someone to return your love . '' 
 placing a finger under her chin , he raised her face to meet his . 
 her eyes blazed with fury and self-defense . 
 `` you know nothing ! 
 you have seen me three times . 
 you do n't know me . 
 so do n't you dare presume to know what i need , '' she jerked her head from his fingers . 
 `` i can see your heart . 
 i see the way you look at me , and i can feel the way your body responds when we touch . 
 you ca n't deny that , '' he whispered softly in her ear . 
 turning her face again , he slowly brought his lips to meet hers . 
 gently , he traced his tongue along the soft curve of her lips . 
 unable to fight any longer , she relaxed into his arms . 
 welcoming his embrace , she began to passionately return his kiss . 
 wrapping her fingers in his hair , she pulled him closer until they seemed to meld into one . 
 slowly he released her and rested his forehead against hers , breathing in her scent . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 she closed her eyes for a moment then raised them to meet his . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just ... do n't know . '' 
 chapter 5 upon her release , dr. shannon had recommended that miranda refrain from jogging and only work half a day for the next week . 
 she promised that she would n't jog , but she had to walk in order to clear her head . 
 as she pushed elizabeth in her stroller , miranda sauntered along the same trail at a slower pace . 
 she was completely confused about the scene last night . 
 she had never had a problem fending off the attention of men . 
 a look could scare away even the most obstinate suitor . 
 but zach was different . 
 she was appalled at the way her body had betrayed her , kissing a man she hardly knew . 
 she could recall in detail the way his hands felt as they skimmed her arms . 
 her lips quivered with the taste of his mouth , his tongue entwined with hers . 
 she could feel the flush rise to her cheeks . 
 stop it ! 
 i am not going there again ! 
 never again ! 
 the more she tried to deny her feelings and stop the replay of the scene in her mind , the more frustrated she became . 
 that morning , she had awoken with an ache in her chest . 
 the loneliness was so deep that it had taken the form of pain . 
 deep welling of agony gripped her heart as if a hand was trying to squeeze the life out of her . 
 massive weight hung on her shoulders , and she could hardly make herself get out of bed . 
 it seemed to take forever to reach the bench at such an incredibly slow pace , but with each step , she could feel the pain recede . 
 finally she made it , sat down , and pulled elizabeth into her lap . 
 `` do n't worry , little one . 
 mama is not getting into that situation again . 
 the last thing we need is more pressure . 
 no man for us , huh sweetie pie ? '' 
 elizabeth giggled at the attention . 
 her bright blue eyes reflected the sky above her , and the sunlight danced off of her hair , emitting a glow like a halo . 
 she began waving at a passerby . 
 miranda looked up and cringed . 
 she tried to duck her head , but it was too late . 
 geena , her sorority sister from college had seen her and was heading her way . 
 miranda stood to face the tall , voluptuous woman . 
 `` miranda , how nice to see you . '' 
 miranda swallowed bile at the sound of geena 's syrupy sweet voice . 
 `` i hear you were n't able to hold on to ethan . 
 such a shame . '' 
 the evil glean in her dark eyes accentuated the snarl on her face . 
 `` i suppose that means he 's fair game . '' 
 `` you may have him with my blessing , '' miranda smiled pleasantly , determined to ignore the vile woman . 
 `` that 's so sweet of you . 
 unfortunately , i 've already had him . '' 
 she paused for a moment to add to the effect . 
 `` in fact , i believe the first time was on your wedding day . 
 i suppose he was just nervous to think about being with one boring woman for the rest of his life . 
 but do n't worry . 
 i convinced him that life was n't truly over . 
 he could always get some action on the side . '' 
 miranda swallowed again , hiding her disgust . 
 `` well , i hope the two of you are just as happy as we were . '' 
 before the conversation could escalate further , miranda bundled elizabeth into the stroller and turned away . 
 suddenly , she turned back , `` geena , wait . 
 although the two of you deserve each other , there are some things you should know . '' 
 `` are you still whining because he said things that hurt your feelings ? '' 
 geena feigned a look of sympathy . 
 `` yeah , he already told me about all your lies . 
 in fact , he 's been crying on my shoulder for almost a year . '' 
 miranda 's lips curled in derision before she remembered her good intentions . 
 `` at one time , you and i were best friends . 
 i do n't want to see you hurt , and ethan will definitely hurt you . '' 
 geena sidled up to miranda 's side . 
 she reached out and curled a strand of elizabeth 's hair around her finger . 
 leaning in , she whispered , `` we were never friends . '' 
 when she finally got to work that afternoon , a dozen roses waited on her desk . 
 reaching for the card , it simply read - thank you for the dance . 
 miranda turned around and immediately walked back to emily 's desk . 
 emily hopped from her seat , `` did you see your roses ? 
 zach brought them earlier this morning . 
 i 'm so happy for you ! 
 if zach is anything like trey , you will be so happy ! 
 ooooh ! 
 if you marry zach , we will be sisters-in law , '' emily almost squealed with excitement . 
 finally , she looked at miranda , `` you look pale . 
 do you need to sit down ? 
 do you need to go back to the hospital ? '' 
 `` i ca n't do this . 
 i 'm going to my sister 's house for a few days . 
 you have her number . 
 call if you need anything . '' 
 emily smiled warmly , `` i will take care of everything . 
 do n't worry about a thing . '' 
 miranda gripped the edge of the desk just to steady herself . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 emily stopped her as she began to board the elevator , `` this may not be the best time , but would be my maid of honor ? '' 
 a broad smile lifted miranda 's face , `` of course ! 
 i 'd be delighted ! '' 
 she embraced her friend firmly . 
 within an hour she had packed a bag for herself and elizabeth , alerted her sister that she was on her way , and checked in with carolyn . 
 she glanced at the stereo clock . 
 she would be with her sister by dinner . 
 just thinking about the short reprieve gave her a sense of relief that she had n't felt in months . 
 she turned on the radio and checked to see that elizabeth had fallen asleep before allowing her mind to wander . 
 the morning 's confrontation plagued her mind . 
 it was hard to believe that she and geena had once been best friends . 
 they met in college , their freshman year , and had joined the same sorority . 
 two years later , when miranda met ethan , her relationship with geena became strange . 
 they did n't talk as much and several times miranda caught ethan and geena spending time together . 
 she was happy that her best friend and her boyfriend got along so well . 
 she assumed that her relationship with geena was changing because they were getting older and did n't need to rely on each other as much . 
 after graduation , ethan and miranda were married . 
 she remembered her wedding day . 
 the wedding had been delayed , but that seemed normal . 
 surely it would take time to get all of the guests seated and the ceremony started . 
 she stood in the bride 's chamber wringing her hands and trying not to chew her nails , but she was nervous . 
 the night before , she had seen a new side of ethan . 
 he slipped into her father 's house and into her bedroom . 
 he tried desperately to talk her into making love . 
 she refused . 
 she had promised her mother that she would remain a virgin until her wedding night , and she intended to keep that promise . 
 she witnessed a glimpse of his temper as he slammed the window shut on his way out . 
 despite her fear and the delay , she walked the aisle to begin her newly married , blissful life . 
 within hours , she knew that her fantasy had become a nightmare . 
 they had flown to california for their honeymoon , and were walking in the moonlight along the boardwalk in san jose with their fingers entwined . 
 suddenly , she felt ethan 's body stiffen . 
 then he began to yell , `` get your eyes off my wife ! '' 
 seconds later , she was witnessing ethan beat this stranger to a bloody pulp . 
 she screamed his name , trying desperately to stop him , but he flung her back and continued to wail on the man . 
 his face was mashed into the concrete , his arm hung crookedly , and his breathing was labored . 
 minutes later , the police arrived . 
 ethan was handcuffed and placed in the back of a police car . 
 after paying bail and fines , they had to cut their honeymoon short . 
 chapter 6 miranda heaved elizabeth and their bags from the car and wobbled to the front door . 
 as she reached for the bell , her sister , brooke , opened the door and threw her arms around her . 
 miranda held on tightly for a few minutes . 
 `` you might warn somebody before you barge in . 
 i 've ordered pizza for dinner . 
 you know there 's not a stitch of food in the house , '' brooke joked . 
 `` i gave you more warning than usual . 
 sometimes i just show up , '' miranda grinned as they shared a longstanding joke . 
 `` you 're right . 
 give me that baby , grab a couple of beers , and let 's head to the back porch . 
 the boys are in the game room . 
 hopefully they 'll catch the pizza guy . '' 
 elizabeth giggled as brooke smothered her face in kisses then set her down to run around the back yard . 
 miranda leapt to her feet . 
 `` oh , let her run . 
 she 's been in the car for hours . 
 besides , it 's just grass . 
 she might get dirty , but we have water , '' brooke smiled again , obviously delighted to have company . 
 miranda settled back down in the large adirondack chairs , covered with green and tan striped pillows . 
 warm beams of sunlight were beginning to fade as the sun set . 
 the privacy fence gave her a sense of seclusion . 
 she took a deep breath and tried to relax . 
 `` so , tell me what 's going on . '' 
 miranda scowled in mock confusion , `` what makes you think there is something going on ? '' 
 `` well , first , carolyn called and said they took you to the emergency room then you are flying down here for a mini vacation . '' 
 `` there is nothing wrong . 
 i was a little dehydrated , and i pulled a ligament in my heel . '' 
 `` and i bet you have n't quit wearing heels , have you ? '' 
 brooke raised her eyebrow in consternation . 
 `` of course not ! 
 at 5 ' 3 '' i have to have all the height i can get . '' 
 brooke cracked up , `` still trying to play with the big boys . '' 
 they both took a long pull from their beer and watched as elizabeth tried to catch a grasshopper . 
 `` so are you still having trouble with ethan ? '' 
 `` not physically . 
 he has n't come around , but he 's always in my head . '' 
 miranda chuckled , trying to make light of the answer . 
 `` you know what you need ? 
 you need to find a man . '' 
 `` i do n't need to find a man . 
 they are everywhere , and i can find every freak in the tri-county area ! '' 
 brooke turned to miranda with a wicked gleam in her eye , `` aha ! 
 you have found a man , and you are hiding from him ! 
 tell me ! '' 
 miranda rolled her eyes , `` i 'm not hiding from him . 
 his name is zach . 
 he is emily 's fiancée 's brother , and he is crazy enough to pursue me . 
 i 've decided he is insane , and i would be insane if i did n't ignore him . '' 
 brooke shook her head . 
 `` you would be insane if you did ignore him . 
 good grief , miranda , the fact that his brother is engaged to emily is a good sign . 
 besides that , you can always use him for stress relief . '' 
 `` stress relief ? '' 
 `` how long has it been since you did ` the deed ' ? '' 
 brooke grinned , `` and you never did get the full effect with ethan . '' 
 she burst out laughing . 
 miranda could only silently agree . 
 she watched elizabeth toddle around the yard , contemplating brooke 's words . 
 she never did truly enjoy ` the deed . ' 
 it was always something that had to be done to keep ethan happy and to conceive elizabeth . 
 she really was n't sure what the fuss was about , but brooke had often assured her that it was a wonderful thing . 
 she grimaced at the thought . 
 elizabeth began to trot to the side of the house , waving at someone , `` hi , hi , hi . '' 
 miranda rose to look , but she did n't see anyone there . 
 a shadow darted quickly from her view . 
 `` i 'm sure it is jeff getting home from work , the pizza delivery guy , or some crazy jogging person on a health kick . '' 
 miranda smirked at her sister 's joke . 
 she grabbed elizabeth and headed to the house . 
 although there was surely a good explanation , a creepy feeling worked its way down her spine . 
 she turned to look behind her several times , but the shadow did n't return . 
 chapter 7 that evening , miranda sat cross-legged on the warm brown loveseat studying the scene of family affection in the den . 
 she always became emotional and a little sentimental in her sister 's home . 
 brooke and her husband , jeff , snuggled on the extra wide recliner with a plate of pizza between them . 
 her two boys sprawled in front of the coffee table . 
 having been pulled from their xbox war game marathon , they settled for watching cartoons with the family . 
 elizabeth toddled around , grabbing tiny bites of pizza from each member of the family . 
 the vision reminded her of her own childhood . 
 she cherished the memories of her father and mother cuddling on the loveseat while the children lay straggled around the living room doing homework , reading , or watching television . 
 those were moments of comfort and security . 
 will i ever be able to provide elizabeth with the comfort and security of a family ? 
 somehow she just did n't believe it was possible . 
 after an hour or so of basking in the glow of family , elizabeth began to whine . 
 it had been a long day of emotions , driving , and catching up . 
 she gathered elizabeth in her arms . 
 `` we are going to bed . '' 
 she reached down and kissed brooke 's cheek and headed to the guest room . 
 `` marinda , you look like you are limping worse than you were . '' 
 marinda smiled patiently . 
 although brooke was the younger sister , it always amazed her that she tried so hard to be motherly . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 the doctor gave me some pain killers . 
 i 'll take those before i go to sleep . '' 
 `` those painkillers may knock you out . 
 i 'll check on both of you after a while . 
 if elizabeth wakes and you do n't hear her , i 'll take care of her . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 love you . 
 see you in the morning . '' 
 she and elizabeth snuggled together in the tiny bed . 
 within a few minutes , they were asleep . 
 a strange scratching noise invaded miranda 's mind . 
 she reached beside her and felt the shallow movement of elizabeth 's chest and felt her warm breath on her neck . 
 must be the dogs wanting to get inside . 
 she nestled back down , pulling elizabeth closer . 
 a sudden screeching wail broke through her deep slumber . 
 she sat up straight , heart beating wildly . 
 elizabeth began to claw her way into miranda 's arms . 
 she grabbed elizabeth and ran wildly to the hall , where the rest of the family huddled in silence . 
 eyes were wide , pulses racing , bodies shivering with fear . 
 darkness enveloped them , interrupted only by the high piercing squeal of the alarm . 
 within minutes another whine frequency began to grow louder . 
 police officers surrounded the house . 
 jeff ran to the front door , throwing it wide , inviting the officers to search the house . 
 the rest of the family remained huddled in the hall as men tromped through the house , guns ready , yelling , maintaining contact . 
 dark uniforms raced through the night , illuminated by the swirling red and blue beams of light . 
 suddenly , the wailing stopped . 
 a large , darkly clad man stepped into the hall , `` mr. and mrs. hunter , would you come with us for a moment ? '' 
 although her name was n't called , miranda followed brooke and jeff into the living room , waiting for the report . 
 `` we have checked inside of the house and the perimeter . 
 the intruder must have been frightened by the alarm and fled . '' 
 jeff eyed the officer questioningly , `` what makes you sure that there was an intruder ? 
 could the alarm system malfunction ? '' 
 `` we are positive that someone was trying to enter the house . 
 someone has tampered with the middle window on the right side of the home . '' 
 miranda gasped , eyes wide . 
 that was the guest bedroom window , where she and elizabeth slept . 
 `` furthermore , we found a screwdriver and a piece of cloth on the ground underneath the window . 
 apparently the intruder dropped the items when the alarm sounded . '' 
 brooke sniffed loudly and released her breath slowly , `` can you get fingerprints from the items ? '' 
 the man pursed his lips in frustration , `` we can , and we will . 
 however , unless the intruder has a prior record , we may not find a match . 
 truthfully , even if we identified him , because entranced was not obtained , it may be difficult to convict . '' 
 miranda 's blood began to boil , `` so you are telling us that unless someone makes it into the house , possibly killing one of us in the process , there is nothing we can do ? '' 
 her voice became shaky with rage . 
 `` obviously , the alarm worked . 
 he did n't get inside , and no one is hurt . 
 you are taking your best precaution with the alarm and by locking your windows and doors . '' 
 `` thank you officer , '' jeff intervened , hoping to diffuse the frantic mother . 
 `` anytime . 
 let us know if you need anything else . '' 
 jeff escorted the officers from the house while brooke put the boys back to bed . 
 miranda sat at the kitchen table , unable to calm her trembling nerves . 
 after a long , restless night , the last thing miranda wanted to do was go shopping , but brooke was insistent . 
 `` i have not gotten to spoil that baby in almost three months ! 
 we are going shopping . 
 besides , we need to get some plans for emily 's wedding . '' 
 brooke was almost as excited as emily about the wedding . 
 emily was like a little sister to both of them . 
 she had grown up with their little brother , ted . 
 ted and emily had even dated for a while . 
 they remained friends even after breaking up . 
 `` we will go get some wedding magazines , drink coffee at the bookstore , then run to the mall to get elizabeth some new outfits . 
 i found the perfect shoes the other day ! '' 
 brooke loved dressing elizabeth . 
 she never had her own little girl to play dress up , and her boys refused to play along . 
 whenever miranda and elizabeth visited , brooke went crazy in the stores , buying elizabeth every piece of ruffle , lace , and bow . 
 they hung out in the bookstore for an hour , drinking coffee and sharing ideas for flowers , bridesmaid dresses , and reception food . 
 elizabeth entertained herself with hundreds of colorful books pulled from the shelves . 
 they ventured on to the mall , where brooke spoiled elizabeth with designer outfits , shiny patent leather shoes , and hair accessories . 
 miranda rolled her eyes and giggled at the ostentatious display of children 's clothing . 
 knowing that the outfits would only be worn a few months before elizabeth grew out of them , made the display even more amusing and ridiculous . 
 but , when she tried to stop her , brooke replied , `` you never know , you might have a passel of girls before you are done ! 
 pass them on , '' and grinned girlishly . 
 when they finally sat down for lunch , with elizabeth newly robed in a one piece dress with a bright purple tutu and matching shoes , miranda groaned with exhaustion . 
 she slipped her shoes off under the table and leaned back against the bench with her eyes closed . 
 `` i 'm ordering you a double bacon cheeseburger . 
 you need to put on some weight , '' brooke woke her from her momentary siesta . 
 `` you know , you are n't my mother . 
 you do n't have to take care of me , '' miranda sighed . 
 `` someone has to . 
 you do n't take care of yourself . '' 
 refusing to take the bait , miranda changed the subject . 
 `` how are you and jeff doing ? 
 it seems like you are getting along better than the last time i was here . '' 
 brooke smiled sheepishly , `` yeah , we were having a slight disagreement last time . 
 i was still pushing to try one more time for a little girl , but jeff was refusing to discuss it . 
 the boys are almost in junior high , and i miss my babies . '' 
 `` so did you get your way ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 he convinced me that i need to get a puppy . 
 that way i still have a baby to care for without the midnight feedings , '' brooke smirked , her eyes reflecting sadness and submission . 
 miranda reached across the table to squeeze brooke 's hand , `` he does have a point . '' 
 `` he does . 
 so , i will just have to live vicariously through you , '' brooke gleamed wickedly . 
 `` when are you going to give up ? 
 i do n't even have a man in my sights . '' 
 `` i 'm never giving up . '' 
 chapter 8 when they finally got home , miranda flopped on the couch , exhausted beyond belief . 
 she stretched out and closed her eyes , hoping for a ten minute power nap before dinner . 
 she groaned in frustration when her cell phone began to buzz . 
 glancing at the caller id , she moaned again . 
 she usually ignored unknown numbers , but with being out of town and recently in the hospital , the call could be important . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` hello , beautiful , '' the familiar voice purred with masculinity . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 hearty laughter filled her ear . 
 `` it 's zach . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 the corners of her mouth turned down as she pressed her lips together in frustration . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 how did you get this number ? '' 
 `` i have it in with your secretary , '' the smile in his voice traveled across the miles . 
 `` all i have to do is promise inside information about my brother , and emily is like putty in my hands . '' 
 he coughed quietly , `` he will never live down the story of his first baseball game . '' 
 `` i guess i 'll have to have a talk with emily . 
 how can i help you ? '' 
 `` do n't be too hard on emily . 
 it took quite a bit of talking to get her to relent . '' 
 he paused for a moment . 
 miranda could detect a bit of nervousness when he spoke again , `` i would love for you to accompany me to dinner . '' 
 `` thank you for the offer , but i am out of town for the week , '' she sighed with relief knowing she had escaped the flat out refusal . 
 `` i know . 
 once emily started talking , she told it all . '' 
 he laughed nervously . 
 `` i am in abilene for the next two days . '' 
 `` you did not come here for me ? '' 
 she asked incredulously . 
 `` actually , i did . '' 
 she took a deep breath , `` well , i 'm sorry you went to the trou ... '' the phone was yanked from her hand . 
 before she could jump up and grab the phone , brooke ran down the hall . 
 miranda could hear her voice , `` miranda would love to join you for dinner . 
 seven ? 
 that sounds lovely . 
 she will be waiting anxiously . '' 
 miranda screamed in frustration . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` he sounds very nice . 
 he will be here at seven to pick you up . '' 
 `` he knows where you live ? '' 
 her voice began to rise to a feverish pitch . 
 `` yes . 
 i guess our little friend shared that too . 
 good for her . '' 
 brooke beamed with satisfaction . 
 `` come on . 
 he can forget dinner ; you are going to look delectable ! '' 
 miranda stared at herself in the mirror . 
 brooke had piled her hair on top of her head with a few auburn tendrils trailing down her neck . 
 her cheeks flushed with embarrassment at she noticed the plunging neckline of the teal dress , her bosom further accentuated with a push-up bra . 
 a tightly fitted bodice eased into a full skirt that ended right above her knees . 
 three inch heels strained her bulging calf muscles , creating a long , slender effect , broken by the dainty gold chain encircling her ankle . 
 `` you look amazing ! 
 man , i am good ! '' 
 brooke stood back to survey her work . 
 `` i 'm just glad we still wear the same size . 
 there is no way you could have made me go shopping again ! '' 
 miranda giggled nervously . 
 she was still furious with the situation , but she could never stay angry with brooke for long . 
 she was beginning to contemplate her escape plan when the doorbell rang . 
 brooke reached over and hugged her quickly , `` you are going to have a blast . 
 do n't worry about elizabeth . 
 we will wait up for you so you can tell us all about it when you get home . '' 
 she raced to answer the door . 
 `` hello zach . 
 i would ask your intentions for my sister , but i 'm afraid to know the answer , '' she bumped her hip and winked flirtatiously . 
 `` i assure you that i have only chivalrous intentions , '' zach grinned and held out a small bouquet of daisies . 
 `` these are for the lovely lady that orchestrated the evening . '' 
 brooke enjoyed the playful volley . 
 she blushed with the flowers and compliments . 
 `` come out miranda . 
 i do n't know if i can take much more of this shameless flirting ! '' 
 she winked conspiratorially at the tall handsome man still standing in the doorway . 
 as miranda rounded the corner , she drank in the sight . 
 light from the open doorway radiated from behind the tall , muscular form . 
 a broad smile crossed his face , and his eyes began to dance as she slowly approached . 
 he gently reached a hand toward her , measuring her reaction as if she were a deer ready to flee at the slightest hint of danger . 
 she grasped his hand , noticing the manicured nails on rough calloused fingers . 
 `` you look stunning . '' 
 miranda lowered her eyes in embarrassment . 
 zach gently placed a finger under her chin to raise her face to his . 
 `` every time i see you , i am more amazed , '' his soft voice resonated in her heart so that she almost believed him . 
 shifting uncomfortably , brooke piped in , `` i 'm going to leave you alone . '' 
 the sound of her voice broke the spell . 
 they turned to her , looking stunned as if they had forgotten she was there . 
 zach cleared his voice , `` thank you again , brooke . '' 
 then he turned to miranda , `` do you like indian food ? '' 
 she blinked , clearing her head , `` i 'm not sure that i have ever tried it . '' 
 `` great ! 
 i know a great little place where the food is exquisite and the service is wonderful . '' 
 when they pulled into the parking lot , miranda realized that ` little ' was quite descriptive . 
 the place was nestled in a corner of a long building , on the outside edge of a shopping center . 
 a tiny neon ` open ' sign blinked steadily . 
 inside , the wine-red walls and curtains added to the darkness of the dimly lit restaurant . 
 a lovely , dark-skinned woman led them to an intimate corner booth . 
 the burgundy tapestry seats attached to a paneled wall on one side and were hidden from the main dining area by sheer curtains on the other side . 
 after studying the menu for a moment , miranda looked up , `` i am out of my league . '' 
 zach smiled , `` we can fix that . 
 have you tried chicken curry ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` well , that is my favorite . 
 why do n't we try that , and if you do n't like it we can go somewhere else for dessert ? '' 
 miranda smiled at his easy going nature and willingness to please . 
 `` sounds like a great idea . '' 
 after they had ordered , zach leaned forward , ready to pounce , `` so tell me everything about you . '' 
 she smirked at him , `` i think not . 
 you already know too much about me , and i know next to nothing about you . 
 i 'm going to ask the questions this time . '' 
 she deliberated for a moment before looking him straight in the eye , determined to get some answers . 
 `` why are you still single ? 
 have you ever been married ? '' 
 zach jumped back , shocked by her directness . 
 he rubbed his face for a moment , catching his breath . 
 `` i was n't expecting to answer those questions yet . 
 you do n't believe in subtleties do you ? '' 
 miranda smiled and shook her head , refusing to let him off the hook . 
 `` ok . 
 we might as well get this out of the way . '' 
 he paused for a moment , mentally rehearsing the lines . 
 `` i was married once for about six months . 
 linda and i attended the medical program at university of oklahoma . 
 we dated a few times then became exclusive . 
 we talked about getting married after we both graduated . '' 
 he paused for a moment as if the memory pained him . 
 `` the summer before we began our internships , she became pregnant . 
 determined to do the right thing , we married quickly and moved into an apartment . 
 the strain of an internship is indescribable . 
 i never saw her , so i do n't know how hard she was working or if she was taking care of herself . 
 at ten weeks , she had a miscarriage . '' 
 he stopped for a drink then continued , `` after that , we lived in a daze . 
 we had nothing in common other than work . 
 i really do n't think she liked me that much . 
 i tried to make it work , but with so much pressure , i just could n't ... anyway , she got offered a job in new mexico , and i stayed in oklahoma city . 
 we have n't spoken since the day we met in the lawyer 's office and signed the divorce papers . '' 
 he stared at her apprehensively . 
 miranda reached across the table and touched his hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' her voice assured sincerity as she stroked his hand with reassurance . 
 the curtains ruffled , interrupting their exchange . 
 after the waitress delivered their food , miranda shuffled her food nervously . 
 she wondered how much she would have to say in order to satiate his curiosity about her life . 
 `` do you not like the food ? '' 
 zach looked at her with concern . 
 `` no , it 's really good . '' 
 she picked at her food for another moment before putting down her fork , crossing her arms , and glaring at him . 
 `` so how much do you want to know ? '' 
 he set his fork down and gazed at her , `` only as much as you want to tell me . '' 
 he reached out his hand , but she refused to take it . 
 `` we have as much time as you need . 
 when you feel like talking to me , i will listen . 
 until then , i am happy to be with you . '' 
 she studied him for a moment , wondering if she could truly trust his words . 
 `` how about this ? 
 let 's forego any more painful revelations for the evening and focus on the light things . 
 for example , i noticed that the nameplate on your office door read ` dr. miranda row ' . 
 that 's quite impressive . '' 
 she blushed for a moment . 
 `` i earned a phd in education , but no one calls me doctor . 
 it always seemed a bit pretentious to me . '' 
 zach laughed heartily , `` should i take offense ? '' 
 she blushed again , knowing she misspoke , `` of course not . 
 you are a real medical physician . '' 
 she took a bite of her food and continued , `` i 'm saying that i am not a physician , and i am not in a university setting . 
 to point out your education level to random people seems excessive . 
 of course , i know that opinion is not shared by most people . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's not . 
 however , that 's one of the things i like about you . 
 you are not afraid to share your opinion , even if it goes against the norm . '' 
 miranda smiled again , and began to eat heartily . 
 `` can i ask another question ? '' 
 `` is the chicken curry some sort of bribery ? '' 
 she smiled warily . 
 zach laughed . 
 she stared at him for a moment . 
 his laughter was infectious , full and hearty . 
 he raised his eyes , waiting for the answer to his question . 
 she reluctantly agreed . 
 `` how did you get that scar ? '' 
 her eyes widened in alarm . 
 `` do n't get freaked out . 
 i treated you at the hospital , remember ? '' 
 she visibly relaxed , `` it was an accident . 
 truthfully , i do n't remember everything that happened . 
 for some reason , i was driving , and i tried to stop , but the brakes would n't work . 
 the next thing i remember , my friend , geena , was standing beside me . 
 i had hit a culvert , and my car was destroyed . 
 she was able to pull me out , but had slashed my side somehow . 
 she stayed with me until the emts arrived . '' 
 she stared down at her plate , pushing her food around with her fork . 
 `` the police said that the brake lines had been cut . '' 
 she looked back at zach , `` but i ca n't imagine it being anything other than an accident . '' 
 chapter 9 as they walked to the car after dinner , zach asked , `` would you like to see something interesting ? '' 
 miranda smirked and rolled her eyes , `` that is the worst line i 've ever heard ! '' 
 they laughed for a moment as zach opened her door and helped her into the car . 
 when he had settled into the driver 's seat , he turned to her , `` let 's try this again . 
 i 'm a bit of a history buff . 
 there is a place a few miles north of here that i think you would enjoy . 
 would you care to see it ? '' 
 `` much better ! 
 i think i would . '' 
 as they drove , zach explained a little about the place . 
 `` it 's called fort phantom hill . 
 it was the first fort in this area to protect settlers from indians . 
 there is n't much there except the chimneys and a few footings . 
 but if you close your eyes , you can visualize the way it was a hundred years ago . '' 
 miranda looked around the parking lot and across to the site . 
 `` zach , i 'm afraid we have a problem . 
 there is no way i can walk along that trail in these heels . '' 
 zach hopped out of the car and returned momentarily . 
 `` no problem ! 
 i packed slippers in case i planned to be here overnight . 
 you can wear these , '' he grinned . 
 `` they are not nearly as fashionable , but they will do , '' miranda smiled back . 
 he walked around and opened her door . 
 their fingers entwined as they walked to the path that led through the dilapidated buildings . 
 ghosts from the past whistled in the trees and danced in the moonlight . 
 miranda studied zach 's face as he led her down the path , describing each of the buildings . 
 his expression made it seem as if he had moved to another time . 
 his face glowed with interest and amazement as he explained the daily activities of the settlers . 
 he described the people as if they were dear friends . 
 suddenly he stopped and turned to her , `` i am afraid i 'm boring you . '' 
 `` not at all . 
 i 've never been interested in history , but you have made it seem so fascinating , as if the people are alive . '' 
 he shrugged , slightly embarrassed by the compliment . 
 he pulled her to sit down on the edge of one of the footings . 
 the sudden change in his demeanor made her oblivious to rough edges of the concrete scratching her legs . 
 `` there is another reason i brought you here . '' 
 her shoulders slumped , knowing that his earlier sincerity had seemed too good to be true . 
 `` i am almost afraid to ask what you expect of me . '' 
 his eyes widened with shock and disbelief , `` i expect nothing of you . 
 i thought i made that clear . '' 
 he took a deep breath then stood . 
 `` let me see if i can explain my motives . '' 
 he began to pace for a moment . 
 suddenly he stopped and faced her . 
 `` i simply want to share my life with you . '' 
 miranda looked at him for a moment before dropping her head . 
 she wanted so desperately to believe that he had good intentions , but she had fallen for this routine once before . 
 she was convinced that just like before , he would pretend to be nice . 
 he would pretend to care . 
 as soon as she gave him her heart or body , he would change to become a possessive , mean-spirited , controlling fiend . 
 she lifted her head to give him a steely stare . 
 he took a step back as if her gaze caused physical pain . 
 `` quite frankly , at first i understood your hesitancy to spend time together . 
 i understand that you have been hurt , and the need for self-protection can be consuming . 
 however , your reluctance to even speak to me is becoming offensive . '' 
 he stopped for a moment and studied her face . 
 the hurt in his eyes cut her to the bone . 
 the corners of her mouth turned slightly as she contemplated his words . 
 `` i 'm scared . '' 
 he ran to her side and knelt beside her . 
 `` so am i . 
 but each time i look at you , i know that just the possibility of a moment with you is worth any pain you might cause me . '' 
 zach gripped her hand as if it were his lifeline . 
 `` i know that we have only known each other a few days , but i feel as if i know you . 
 your inside beauty radiates through your eyes . '' 
 he reached his hand up and laid his fingers on her chest , `` i can feel your heartbeat under my fingertips , and i long for your heart to beat with mine . '' 
 he searched her face , `` if i need to wait , i will . 
 i will wait as long as it takes for you to trust me . '' 
 tears streamed down her face . 
 she stood and lifted him from his knees . 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled his face towards hers . 
 he held back for a moment then enfolded her in his arms , returning her passion with his own . 
 chapter 10 `` so ? '' 
 `` so , what ? '' 
 miranda tossed her purse on the couch and sauntered dreamily into the living room . 
 `` how did it go ? 
 you were out awfully late for just dinner , '' brooke wiggled her eyebrows with joking insinuation . 
 `` he had more than just dinner planned , '' she returned the unspoken gesture . 
 to prolong the suspense , she sat on the ottoman and began to very slowly remove each strappy heel . 
 she stretched her legs and rubbed her aching feet . 
 when she decided that brooke had been tormented enough , she relented , `` just kidding . 
 he took me to fort phantom hill , and we strolled with the ghosts protecting the area from invading tribes . '' 
 she beamed at the memory of their intimate moment , wondering briefly what would have happened if she encouraged him to continue . 
 `` miranda , come back , '' miranda was startled as brooke snapped her fingers to get her attention . 
 `` while you were in dreamland , i asked when you are going to see him again . '' 
 `` we are taking elizabeth to the zoo tomorrow , '' she grinned with excitement . 
 brooke furrowed her brows , `` are you sure that 's the best idea ? '' 
 `` of course ! 
 elizabeth will love the zoo . '' 
 brooke swallowed the words stuck in her throat . 
 `` that 's not what i mean . 
 i am sure he 's a nice guy , but how long is this going to last . 
 i mean , if it 's real , i am all for it , but if it 's not ... '' miranda paled , `` what are you trying to say , brooke ? '' 
 `` i 'm just saying that if he is just a fling , you do not want him near your daughter . 
 she will get attached to him , and if he is the kind of man i think he is , he will get attached to her . 
 are you sure that you are ready for that ? '' 
 miranda cringed at her own stupidity . 
 how long did she expect this to last ? 
 she decided to trust him with a kiss , but could she trust him with her life and heart ? 
 more importantly , could she trust him with her daughter 's heart ? 
 she suddenly groaned with frustration and disappointment . 
 she could n't do this . 
 there was no way that he would be a fling , she could feel herself becoming emotionally vested . 
 as she remembered his light kisses running along her jaw , and the beautiful words whispered in her ear , she could feel her body flush with excitement . 
 she had started to believe the words of devotion . 
 she had briefly allowed herself to believe in a future infused with love and happiness . 
 to allow her daughter to become attached , as well , would be selfish . 
 she had to end it now , once and for all . 
 the next morning , miranda met zach on the front porch , closing the front door firmly behind her . 
 she walked around his outstretched arms , avoiding his embrace . 
 she refused to look in his eyes . 
 self-preservation ruled at the moment , and she knew that one look in his eyes might destroy the walls around her heart she had spent most of the night trying to build . 
 `` miranda ? '' 
 zach lowered his arms slowly . 
 she could see the questions in his eyes . 
 she had to get this over quickly before her heart melted and she gave in to the questions burning in her own mind . 
 she spun away from him , gazing across the street at nothing in particular . 
 `` we ca n't see each other anymore . 
 i had a wonderful time last night , but it ca n't happen again . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` you do n't have to understand . 
 just know that it 's over . '' 
 zach reached out and grasped her shoulders , turning her to him , `` what happened between last night and this morning that would make you change your mind so quickly ? '' 
 she stepped back , trying to escape his grasp , `` it does n't matter . '' 
 `` it matters to me ! '' 
 panic gripped his face . 
 `` i thought i started to see a crack in that thick wall of yours . 
 i felt it in my heart , and i saw it in your eyes . '' 
 `` that was a mistake . '' 
 he squeezed his hands into fists , `` it was no mistake . 
 tell me what happened ! 
 did i do something wrong ? 
 did i say something ? '' 
 she dropped her head , refusing to acknowledge the anguish in his voice , `` no . 
 it 's not anything you did . '' 
 he unclenched his hands and stepped forward , reaching out to run his fingers through the silky strands at her neck . 
 `` then tell me . '' 
 `` fine . 
 i ca n't risk it , okay . 
 yes , your words are pretty , and i would give anything to believe them . 
 to know that you care for me and want me is bliss , but it ca n't happen . 
 i am not alone . 
 my daughter comes first . '' 
 zach 's face visibly relaxed , `` when i say that i want you , i mean that i want all of you . 
 elizabeth is part of you . '' 
 he leaned in , closing the inches between them . 
 `` it 's not just that ... '' she backed up slowly . 
 he raised his hands beside his shoulders in retreat . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to tell . 
 i wo n't trust you with my heart . 
 you will turn mean just like all the rest of them . 
 you will get tired of me , and mr. nice guy will be over . '' 
 zach 's eyes blinked rapidly in confusion , `` sweetheart , you are not making sense . 
 i do n't understand what you are trying to tell me . '' 
 `` it 's all very simple . 
 my body is scarred and ugly . 
 i 'll never let you see it . 
 you will get tired of waiting . 
 you 'll call me names , push me around , and get your kicks somewhere else . 
 been there . 
 done that . 
 never again . '' 
 `` baby , i 'm so sorry that has happened to you , but i 'm not them . '' 
 `` do n't make this harder than it is . 
 it 's over . '' 
 she turned from him , crossed to the front door . 
 `` please do n't call me , come by , or send flowers . 
 i do n't think my heart can take it . '' 
 she entered the house and shut the door forcefully . 
 she slid down the door , crouched on the ground and hid her face in her hands as she sobbed violently . 
 soon , brooke 's arms were around miranda 's small frame , holding her tightly , soothing her hair , and reminding her to breathe . 
 brooke put miranda to bed and insisted that she rest for a few hours . 
 exhaustion swept over her , and she fell asleep within minutes . 
 she woke long enough to eat dinner then straightaway returned to a deep sleep that lasted until morning . 
 sunday morning , beams of sunlight pricked her eyelids , forcing her to open them and greet the day . 
 she immediately forced thoughts of the last few days to the back of her mind . 
 she had to get home today , and she certainly did n't have the time or energy to think of zach . 
 instead , she stumbled into the kitchen , poured her first cup of coffee for the day then joined brooke on the back porch . 
 `` it 's all or nothing with you . 
 is n't it ? '' 
 brooke snuck a sideways glance at miranda as she took a seat . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she asked halfheartedly . 
 she was n't sure she wanted yet another opinion from her sister . 
 `` why in the world did you dump the one man who has treated you like a queen ? '' 
 miranda 's eyes widened in shock , `` you told me to ! '' 
 `` i most certainly did not ! 
 i told you not to let elizabeth get attached until after you know that it 's going to last . 
 that 's what i said ! '' 
 brooke huffed with exasperation . 
 `` well , i 'm saving us the trouble . 
 i already know it 's not going to last . 
 why wait ? '' 
 `` whatever . 
 i 'm not going to fight with you before you leave , but you are exasperating and stubborn . 
 if he is as stubborn as you are , you are not getting rid of him anytime soon . '' 
 miranda rolled her eyes . 
 she took a deep drink of her hot , black coffee . 
 chapter 11 miranda and brooke finished their coffee in silence . 
 refusing to think about brooke 's words or zach , miranda mentally prepared to leave for home . 
 within an hour , she had showered and packed . 
 as she loaded the car , brooke followed with elizabeth in her arms . 
 elizabeth giggled as brooke smothered her face in kisses , fluttered her eyelashes with butterfly kisses , and rubbed noses with eskimo kisses . 
 she reached in and strapped the baby in her car seat then walked around the car . 
 `` i love you . 
 please be careful on your way home , '' she wrapped her arms around miranda . 
 miranda squeezed her back , `` i love you too . 
 thanks for letting us come down . '' 
 `` you know you are welcome anytime , '' brooke smiled sweetly then stepped away so miranda could shut the door . 
 as miranda backed down the driveway , brooke waved until the car was out of sight . 
 miranda turned up the radio and watched in her rearview mirror as elizabeth bobbed her head to the radio . 
 she knew that within minutes the baby would be asleep . 
 she tried to keep her mind clear as she mouthed the words to her favorite song . 
 her cell phone , laying in the seat beside her , sounded the alarm for a text . 
 not recognizing the number , she reached over and looked at the text . 
 `` thinking of you - zach '' . 
 she frowned in frustration . 
 this man is incorrigible ! 
 out of the blue , a giggle escaped her lips . 
 he is clever . 
 i told him not to call , come by , or send flowers . 
 he did n't do any of those things . 
 she laid the cell phone back on the passenger seat , refusing to encourage him further by replying to his text . 
 about halfway home , she decided to stop and grab a cup of coffee . 
 she hated to wake elizabeth by dragging her out of the car , but she could feel herself getting groggy . 
 the past week had been exceedingly stressful . 
 even after her day of sleep , she still felt exhausted . 
 she would much rather wake the baby than fall asleep at the wheel . 
 she reached in and gingerly pulled elizabeth from her car seat . 
 the baby wrapped her legs around her , and leaned her head on her shoulder . 
 i might just be able to pull this off . 
 she walked into the dingy little gas station and made her way to the coffee pot . 
 suddenly , elizabeth yawned and rubbed her eyes . 
 seeing she was awake , she went ahead and set the baby down so she could pour her coffee . 
 she smiled to herself as elizabeth toddled over to the cookies . 
 is n't she too young to beg ? 
 when elizabeth let out a squeal and grabbed a box of animal crackers , she realized that the begging would start early . 
 she wandered over to elizabeth , took her empty hand , and escorted her to the cashier . 
 after she had paid for their purchases , she picked up elizabeth , who held her cookies with both hands , and walked out to the car . 
 as she opened the back door , she noticed something wrong . 
 elizabeth 's car seat was thrown across the other side of the car . 
 she stepped back quickly and scanned the interior of the car . 
 the glove box was open and papers were strewn everywhere . 
 the front seats were pushed forward . 
 elizabeth 's diaper bag had been emptied in the floorboard . 
 miranda slammed the door and ran back inside the store . 
 `` did you see anyone in my car ? '' 
 miranda asked the clerk , frantically . 
 the clerk raised her head from the sunday newspaper spread across the counter and blinked slowly , `` no , i did n't see anything . '' 
 miranda raised her voice , `` someone was in my car ! 
 my stuff is scattered everywhere ! '' 
 `` is anything missing ? '' 
 the cashier seemed to look right through miranda . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 that 's not the point ! '' 
 miranda slammed her fist on the counter in frustration . 
 elizabeth began to cry . 
 `` look , lady , i 'm paid to watch inside the store . 
 i do n't know what goes on out there . 
 if something 's missing , we 'll call the cops . 
 if not , keep driving , '' she popped her gum and went back to her newspaper , ending the discussion . 
 miranda grabbed her daughter 's hand and walked back to the car . 
 she peered in the windows , but did n't see anything missing . 
 thankfully , the rest of her things were in the trunk , and she had stuck her cell phone in her back pocket before she went inside . 
 she put elizabeth back in her seat , got in the front , and deliberately locked the doors . 
 she laid her head on the steering wheel for a moment to catch her breath . 
 when she had calmed down , she continued on her way home . 
 thankfully , she had left early enough so that she got home in the middle of the afternoon . 
 after the incident at the gas station , she certainly did n't feel comfortable going into her apartment after dark . 
 she gently pulled her sleeping baby from her car seat and walked to her apartment . 
 she unlocked the door , went inside , and laid elizabeth in her crib . 
 she left the front door open as she walked across the yard to grab the rest of her luggage and haul it back to the apartment . 
 as miranda headed to her room , she glanced in the kitchen . 
 on the table , a clear vase held three wilted magnolias . 
 the vase had not been there before she left for abilene . 
 in the back of her mind , she heard the crash as she dropped her bags to the floor . 
 very slowly , as if approaching dynamite , she walked to the table . 
 without touching them , she searched for a card , but there was none . 
 the magnolias were interesting . 
 each petal was tinged with black along the edge , forming the image of life and death in her mind . 
 miranda shivered and backed away slowly . 
 she turned and ran from the room , grabbed elizabeth from her crib and ran to carolyn . 
 she opened the door before miranda had caught her breath . 
 she stood on the porch , heaving . 
 carolyn took elizabeth and put an arm around miranda 's waist to lead her inside . 
 `` flowers , '' miranda panted as she sat down heavily on the couch . 
 carolyn hugged elizabeth and set her down , swatting her bottom , and calling for lacey . 
 `` are n't they beautiful ? 
 i 've never seen anything like them . '' 
 miranda sagged on the couch , `` who are they from ? '' 
 `` i was hoping you would tell me . 
 earlier today , some man walked to your door carrying the vase . 
 i went over and asked if i could take them . 
 he handed them over and walked away . 
 i took them inside and set them on your kitchen table so you would see them . '' 
 miranda frowned in concentration , `` was it zach ? 
 or i guess you know him as dr. shannon . '' 
 `` no . 
 i had never seen this guy before . 
 he was n't from a florist or anything . 
 he did n't have a name tag , and the florists are n't open today . '' 
 `` give me a second , '' she frowned again . 
 she flipped out her cell phone , found the earlier text and replied . 
 `` i told you not to send any more flowers . '' 
 she waited for a moment then read the reply , `` i did n't send flowers . 
 - zach . '' 
 she slid her phone back in her pocket . 
 `` what did the guy look like ? '' 
 carolyn shrugged , `` he was a tall guy with blondish hair and dark blue eyes . 
 he was handsome , but he gave me a creepy feeling . 
 thankfully , he left pretty quickly after i took the flowers . '' 
 `` i guess you have more than one admirer , '' carolyn grinned . 
 `` now tell me about your week . '' 
 `` only if you have some coffee , '' miranda pulled herself from the couch and followed carolyn to the kitchen . 
 her head throbbed with unanswered questions . 
 chapter 12 the next morning , as miranda walked off the elevator into her suite of offices , emily greeted her with her usual vitality . 
 `` miranda ! 
 i 'm so glad you 're back . 
 how was your week ? 
 how is brooke ? '' 
 miranda smiled , `` it was nice , thank you . '' 
 `` did anything exciting happen ? '' 
 emily beamed at her with a mischievous grin . 
 `` that reminds me , we need to talk about you telling people where i am and giving out my phone number , '' she glared pointedly . 
 emily slumped her shoulders , seemingly disappointed that her plan did n't work as expected , `` it was n't just anybody . 
 it was zach . '' 
 `` it 's ok . 
 just do n't do it again please , '' she replied softly . 
 `` so what do we have on the schedule for today ? '' 
 `` mr. corbin will be here in ten minutes . 
 you have a lunch meeting , and here are your messages . '' 
 `` thank you , emily . 
 oh by the way , i 'll have to show you some of the things that brooke and i found for your wedding . '' 
 emily perked immediately , `` oh i ca n't wait ! '' 
 miranda walked into the conference room as if she were walking into a den of lions . 
 mr. corbin stood right inside the door , ready to pounce . 
 `` mr. corbin , how are you this morning ? '' 
 `` miranda , i 'm wonderful now that i 've seen such a beautiful sight . '' 
 he took her outstretched hand and kissed it delicately while staring into her eyes . 
 the kiss sent shivers down her back , and she had to swallow the bile rising in her throat . 
 she pointed to a seat across the table , `` shall we sit ? 
 i have the results of jake 's tests . '' 
 ignoring her direction , he sat right beside her , invading her space . 
 she scooted her chair away , trying to gain some room so she could breathe . 
 leaning forward , his dark eyes flashed , `` i did n't come here today to talk about jake . 
 your assistant gave me all the information i need . 
 i came here to see you . '' 
 miranda stood and straightened , `` i 'm sorry mr. corbin , but i really do n't have time today . 
 i 've been gone for a few days , and i have some catching up to do . '' 
 she backed away towards the door . 
 he reached out and caught her arm . 
 she sensed anger restrained within his grasp . 
 his eyes flashed , `` i know you 've been away . 
 now you are back , and i want to see you . '' 
 he pulled her back towards the table and placed her in a chair . 
 a grin swept across his face , replacing the anger she had seen a moment ago . 
 `` down to business . 
 i have reservations for this evening at lovely little italian restaurant . '' 
 miranda coolly replied , `` i 'm glad you have plans , but they do n't involve me . '' 
 `` my sweet girl , they do involve you . 
 you will be accompanying me . 
 if you can give an evening to that quack , you can give the same to me , '' he raised his eyebrows , studying her reaction . 
 `` how do you know about that ? '' 
 her mind raced with the images of her evening with zach . 
 `` i have my ways . 
 believe me . 
 you do n't want to play games with me . 
 i can make your life miserable , '' he grinned devilishly . 
 miranda 's stomach shook with revulsion and fear . 
 forcing a cold glare , she stared for a moment before replying , `` you do n't scare me . 
 you have nothing on me , and the only thing i feel for you is pity . '' 
 `` we 'll see , my dear . 
 we will see . '' 
 he stood and walked out of the door . 
 miranda sat there for a moment , stunned . 
 miranda was sitting at her desk going through emails when emily knocked on the door . 
 `` it 's open . '' 
 emily stuck her head around the door , `` your lunch date is here . '' 
 `` date ? 
 i thought you said it was a lunch meeting . '' 
 emily smiled sheepishly and retreated before miranda could back out . 
 when miranda emerged from her office , she saw zach standing by emily 's desk animatedly telling a story , causing emily to giggle hysterically . 
 by the time miranda reached the desk , emily was clutching her sides , barely able to catch her breath . 
 `` hello , miranda . 
 you look beautiful . '' 
 `` zach , i thought i told you not to come by , '' miranda pursed her lips and tried to ignore emily as she stifled her laughter . 
 zach grinned , `` you said not to come by . 
 you did n't say i could n't make an appointment . '' 
 `` you are simply playing with semantics , '' she replied . 
 he grinned at her , `` if that is not reason enough , i received a phone call from your sister . 
 it seems that i have been put in charge of making sure you eat . 
 apparently , you get busy and forget . 
 so you see , i 'm simply fulfilling my duty . '' 
 he smiled and spread his hands as if submitting to some higher force . 
 she shot a look at emily , who was beaming with pleasure . 
 `` and i assume you had something to do with that too ? '' 
 emily giggled with the exhilaration of playing matchmaker . 
 `` fine . 
 since you do have an appointment , and we have to obey my interfering sister , i will oblige this time . '' 
 turning to emily , she hissed , `` you and i will discuss this later . '' 
 she grabbed her purse and followed him out of the building . 
 chapter 13 as they walked out of the building , the july heat radiated off the pavement . 
 miranda grabbed a clip from her bag and tied up her hair . 
 by the time they reached the sports bar at the end of the block , her white silk blouse clung to her body . 
 casting a glance at zach , she could see beads of sweat glistening in the dip of his throat . 
 images of the bulging pecs that swelled beneath his tight black t-shirt flashed through her mind . 
 she allowed the picture to travel down to the washboard abs rippling down to a thin trail of hair that lead to the top of his jeans . 
 what am i doing ? 
 she shook the thoughts from her head and allowed him to open the door for her . 
 they found seats in a corner booth . 
 miranda looked around the small dining room . 
 it took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the minimal lighting after coming in from the harsh , roasting sunshine . 
 she had never been here before , but she found it quite charming . 
 sports memorabilia and beer signs covered the walls . 
 the smell of grilled onions filled the air . 
 she sighed with relief as the coolness swept over her body . 
 when the waitress arrived , they ordered cheeseburgers and beer then sat in silence for a few minutes . 
 `` so how has your day been so far ? '' 
 miranda shook her head , `` i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 `` what would you like to talk about ? '' 
 she looked at him questioningly , `` what were telling emily that had her so giggly ? '' 
 he smiled at her , `` i have been telling her some stories about my brother . 
 she has to know what she 's getting into . '' 
 he flashed a wicked grin . 
 without thinking , she smiled ; amazed at the way his face lit up when he was happy . 
 his blue eyes twinkled with amusement . 
 `` tell me . 
 i need to hear something funny today . '' 
 `` he would kill me if he knew i was telling you guys this , '' he grinned unapologetically . 
 `` when we were in junior high , he decided he wanted to impress a girl . 
 she loved glam rock , and he decided that the best way to get her attention would be to convince her that he had his own band . 
 now , the boy could n't play any instrument , and he could n't carry a tune in a bucket . 
 that did n't deter him . 
 he found our dad 's old guitar and borrowed mom 's makeup and hairspray . '' 
 zach chuckled at the memory . 
 `` the next morning , he walked into school with his hair sticking up everywhere , full glam makeup all over his face , carrying his guitar . 
 everyone stared as he walked up to the girl . 
 he proceeded to bang the guitar and scream pour some sugar on me . '' 
 miranda stared at him wide-eyed , `` did it work ? '' 
 `` believe it or not , it did . 
 i do n't know if she agreed to go out with him because she was impressed , she took mercy on him , or she just wanted it to stop . 
 she said yes , and they went out for several months . '' 
 she giggled and shook her head . 
 `` that 's not the worst part , '' he paused , deciding whether he wanted to share the next part . 
 `` since his outrageousness worked for him , i decided i would try it . 
 only , instead of a rocker , i decided to be a french poet . '' 
 he nodded , acknowledging his bad mistake . 
 `` my girl loved poetry and all things french . 
 so , i went to the store and grabbed a beret . 
 then , i wrote several poems . 
 of course , i did n't know fine poetry from roses are red or dr. seuss . 
 i tried a few times , but gave up pretty quickly . 
 i found a poetry book of my mom 's and copied how do i love thee . 
 i walked up and down the hallways at school , wearing my beret and quoting the only poem i knew . 
 i thought i was on a roll until the literature teacher let me know that she was proud of me for memorizing such a famous poem . '' 
 she laughed and leaned forward , `` so did you get your girl ? '' 
 `` yeah , i think she gave into me for the same reasons . 
 then she asked me to stop wearing the beret and speaking with a french accent while quoting american poetry . 
 she knew i was from oklahoma . '' 
 his laughter was contagious as he continued to tell her of his childhood antics . 
 by the time their food had arrived , she had laughed hard enough that her sides hurt . 
 he gazed at her across the table , `` i love to see you smile . 
 i want to make you smile more often . '' 
 her laughter faded and was replaced by a rueful smile . 
 she concentrated on her food to avoid further serious conversation . 
 picking up on her sudden change , zach began to relate another story . 
 her relief was evident on her face until a familiar voice at her side drew her attention . 
 `` so the good doctor is slumming , is he ? '' 
 miranda looked up to see lee corbin standing at her side , sneering at zach . 
 `` mr. corbin , please leave , '' she stated firmly while wearing a ferocious glare . 
 zach stood , his body flexing with anger and restraint , `` i would suggest that you leave immediately . '' 
 miranda flinched . 
 she recognized the look of rage on zach 's face . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 you do n't want me to leave yet , at least not until i 've told you a few things about our lovely lady here . '' 
 he glanced at her maliciously and continued . 
 `` did she tell you that she 's like a dead fish in bed ? '' 
 miranda gasped in shock and horror . 
 his eyes gleamed with delight , `` it 's not like you have n't heard the phrase before . 
 you have , have n't you ? '' 
 she swallowed loudly as she remembered the words being spoken on a nightly basis for two years . 
 `` this is your last warning , corbin . 
 shut your mouth and leave ! '' 
 by this time , several eyes around the restaurant had turned to seek out the cause of the disturbance . 
 `` but i 'm not quite done . '' 
 he turned his angry stare back to zach , `` besides being frigid , if you leave the lights on , you 'll wish you had n't . 
 she 's horribly scarred from an unfortunate accident and a c-section surgery . 
 it 's really rather disgusting . '' 
 he paused , looked at the ceiling as though trying to find the words , `` it 's like opening a present on christmas morning , only to find a broken toy . '' 
 zach leaped forward over the table and grabbed corbin by the lapels of his jacket . 
 his face was red and the veins in his neck pumped wildly . 
 he drew back his fist and let go with such force that he nearly fell over when he connected with air . 
 another diner grabbed corbin out of the way , holding his arms while the manager came running from the back . 
 `` get out before i call the police ! '' 
 zach stood there for a moment , seething with rage and running the conversation through his mind . 
 when he had calmed , he turned to find miranda crouched in the corner , visibly shaking . 
 he slid in the booth beside her and wrapped his arms around her tiny body . 
 he could feel her heart beating wildly . 
 he soothed the fallen hair from her face . 
 `` who was that guy ? 
 you said in the hospital that he was a client . 
 where would he get that information ? '' 
 she shook her head , refusing to look him in the eyes . 
 `` miranda , look at me . '' 
 he placed a finger under her chin and turned her face towards his . 
 tears streaked down her face . 
 she kept her eyes lowered . 
 `` he said you have heard those words before . 
 who has said those things to you ? '' 
 `` ethan . '' 
 the word was barely audible . 
 `` ethan said those things to me everyday , at least once . '' 
 zach shook his head , clenching his jaw . 
 he tightened his fist , willing someone to come near him so he could release his rage . 
 he immediately calmed when he looked at miranda again . 
 `` it 's all true . 
 i tried to tell you . 
 now you know the truth . '' 
 zach lifted her face again , searching for her eyes . 
 he refused to let her hide . 
 `` it 's not true . 
 he used those words to keep you in bondage . 
 he wanted control . '' 
 she finally returned his gaze , fear still radiating from her eyes . 
 `` how would you know ? '' 
 `` because he did n't love you like i do . 
 no woman can be like that with a man who loves her enough to put her first . '' 
 he paused to look at her with a kind smile . 
 `` i have seen many c-section scars . 
 they are a badge of honor . 
 i 've already seen your scars , and they look beautiful on you . 
 they are part of who you are , and as i 've told you before , i want all of you . '' 
 he drew her close and wrapped her in his arms . 
 tears continued to stream down her face as she fell into his arms . 
 she let go of her reservations and laid her head on his chest , listening to the sound of his heartbeat , realizing that it beat in time with hers . 
 chapter 14 after miranda stopped shaking , they walked back to her office with his arm around her shoulder and her arm wrapped tightly around his waist . 
 although the heat was stifling , she needed his arm around her for support . 
 she could feel his strength radiating through her body . 
 when they reached the entrance to her building , she turned to say goodbye . 
 `` i 'm not leaving you like this , '' he reached around her to open the door . 
 she stood rooted to the spot . 
 `` i have to work , zach . 
 i 've been gone for a week . '' 
 `` so i 'll stay here until you are ready to go , '' he opened the door and placed his hand on the small of her back , sending electricity through her spine . 
 shaking her head , she entered the building ahead of him and led him to the elevator . 
 as the doors opened , emily smiled , hoping her matchmaking schemes had succeeded . 
 zach entered behind miranda and walked straight to emily 's desk , `` emily , we will be in miranda 's office . 
 please buzz me before you let anyone in . 
 if you see mr. corbin , call the police immediately . '' 
 they continued to miranda 's office . 
 zach sat in a chair in the corner and picked up a newspaper . 
 `` are you going to just sit there for the rest of the afternoon ? 
 do n't you have something you need to do ? '' 
 zach looked at her and wiggled his eyebrows playfully , `` is there something else you 'd rather do ? '' 
 color rose to her cheeks . 
 `` no , but i do n't need a babysitter . 
 i have work to do . '' 
 `` i know you do n't need a babysitter . 
 i 'm here as moral support and a bodyguard in case that freak decides to call again . 
 go ahead and work . 
 i 'll sit right here and be quiet so i do n't disturb you . '' 
 she nodded , still unconvinced . 
 throughout the afternoon , miranda answered emails , returned calls , and sifted through piles of mail . 
 every once in a while , she would glance at zach and catch him staring at her . 
 finally , she stopped and looked directly at him , `` why do you keep looking at me ? '' 
 `` because you are beautiful . '' 
 he nonchalantly stood and walked to her desk . 
 he leaned over her as she raised her head to look in his eyes . 
 slowly , he lowered his head and met her lips with his own . 
 heat flashed through her body . 
 closing her eyes , she concentrated on the waves of desire that clouded her mind . 
 when he finally retreated , she opened her eyes . 
 in his hand , he held a small , flat , square box . 
 she frowned in confusion . 
 `` i was going to give this to you at lunch , but we were interrupted . '' 
 he handed her the box . 
 she removed the lid and the tissue paper to find a silver bracelet . 
 the chain was thin and dainty . 
 as she picked it up , she could see three little heart charms hanging from the chain . 
 examining the charms , she found a letter engraved on each heart . 
 e , m , z. each of their initials hung from the bracelet , chained together . 
 she gasped as he took the bracelet from her hand and hung it on her wrist . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 lines of worry trailed from the corners of his eyes . 
 `` i love it , '' she gasped . 
 immediately , the worry left his eyes . 
 a smile crossed his face , and leaned towards her again . 
 his kisses trailed along her jaw line and along the curve of her neck . 
 his warm breath swathed her skin . 
 he whispered in her ear , `` are you ready to go ? '' 
 unable to speak , she nodded almost imperceptibly . 
 miranda shielded herself with her car door , using elizabeth as an excuse to escape from zach 's determined gaze . 
 `` thank you for staying with me this afternoon . '' 
 `` no problem , '' he replied without shifting his look . 
 `` go ahead and drive home . 
 i 'll be right behind you . '' 
 miranda stared at him , `` i can find my way home . 
 what exactly are you thinking ? '' 
 `` i 'm thinking that there is a crazy man out there that has threatened you more than once . 
 you ca n't be at home alone . '' 
 her eyes widened , `` you are not going to stay with me ! 
 i 've barely consented to date you . 
 there is no way you are taking over my life ! '' 
 he reached out to touch her hand , but she pulled away immediately . 
 `` miranda , i promise that i do not want to control you or hurt you in any way . 
 in fact , i 'll sleep on the couch , but you have to think about elizabeth . 
 you ca n't defend both of you by yourself . '' 
 `` do n't you dare use my daughter to get what you want ! '' 
 her blood boiled with rage . 
 but as she searched his face , she saw no manipulation . 
 his eyes were filled with concern . 
 she breathed deeply , trying to decide whether to fall back into her pattern of fear and self-protection or to trust this man . 
 to trust him brought so many possibilities ; love , family , protection , and ... hurt . 
 to even consider allowing him into her life proved that he held the ability to inflict intense pain on her heart and mind . 
 she wondered briefly if she could truly survive one more broken heart . 
 would she ever truly heal ? 
 very carefully , he reached for her again , `` can we make a deal ? 
 how about if i stay with you for a little while ? 
 as soon as you tell me to leave , i will . '' 
 she swallowed deeply , willing the fear to subside , `` that 's fine . 
 we 'll order some pizza and hang out for a little bit . '' 
 `` i 've ordered the pizza , and elizabeth is taking a catnap . 
 if you want , you can see if there is a movie you want to watch , and i 'm going to take a quick shower . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 zach called from the couch . 
 he was strategically located where he could see out of the front window and reach the door quickly . 
 as she showered , she was acutely aware of his presence in the living room with only a wall between them . 
 her thoughts were mixed with discomfort and a niggling curiosity . 
 only moments ago , she considered throwing away any chance to get close to him . 
 now she craved his nearness . 
 as she towel dried her long , auburn curls , she stepped around the corner to sneak another look at him . 
 the picture in the living room stopped her cold . 
 zach was sitting in the same spot with elizabeth curled in his arms . 
 she held a book in her hands as he whispered , reading the words in her ear . 
 he pointed at the pictures , adding to the story , creating voices for the characters , and talking to her . 
 elizabeth raised her head to look at him with a gaze of rapture in her eyes . 
 they were so engrossed that they did n't even pause to see miranda watching them silently . 
 tears rolled down her cheeks as she stared at the intimate scene they had created . 
 family . 
 miranda wiped her tears away , threw her towel over the rack , and walked into the living room . 
 `` she woke up . 
 i hope you do n't mind that i got her , '' he raised his eyebrows questioningly . 
 `` that 's fine . 
 she loves to read , and it looks like she is quite content . '' 
 he smiled down at the tiny blond girl snuggled in his lap . 
 he lifted his eyes to meet miranda 's , `` so am i. '' chapter 15 the next morning , slats of light crossed her face as beams of sunshine filtered through the slightly open blinds . 
 trying to throw her arm over her eyes , she felt heaviness wrapped around her body . 
 startled , she turned to find that zach 's arms completely encircled hers as they lay side by side on the couch . 
 she smiled as she remembered their evening . 
 they sat on the floor around the coffee table eating pizza directly from the box . 
 zach entertained elizabeth with nursery rhymes and fairy tales . 
 miranda watched them as they laughed together . 
 awe swept over her as she realized that she had found a man that truly personified the love she remembered from her own father . 
 at one time , she believed that men no longer held that kind of compassion , yet here was a strong , protective figure that had no compulsion to strut his masculinity . 
 he was able to open his heart and show softness rather than cruelty , and mete out kindness rather than pain . 
 after dinner , she put elizabeth to bed . 
 she walked back into the living room and sat down , crossing her legs beneath her , and facing the man she was trying to get to know . 
 `` where did you learn all of those stories ? '' 
 `` well , first , i have several nieces and nephews . 
 i try to spend time with them when i can . '' 
 he dropped his head for a moment . 
 when he raised it again , she could see the emotion held deep in his eyes . 
 `` i also spend a lot of time with children at the hospital . 
 some of them are there long term . 
 i have found that the little ones love to listen to stories . 
 the older ones want someone to listen to them . '' 
 she held back her tears as she considered his words , comparing them to the masked look of pain in his eyes and the tiny lines that radiated from their corners . 
 rather than asking him to share his pain , she let him hold it , knowing he was n't quite ready to share . 
 she turned and leaned against him as he wrapped his arms around her . 
 cries from the other room broke the spell , and zach raised himself from the couch and looked in her eyes . 
 `` good morning , sweetheart . 
 did you sleep well ? '' 
 he tucked a stray hair behind her ear and smiled gently . 
 `` i did , '' she replied softly . 
 `` but it sounds like someone is ready to get up , now . '' 
 unwrapping herself from his embrace left her feeling cold and lonely . 
 she shivered for a moment then sprinted to elizabeth 's room . 
 she picked up the baby and went into the kitchen where zach was making coffee . 
 when she walked in , she remembered the magnolias on the table . 
 `` zach , are you sure you did n't send these flowers when i was in abilene ? 
 carolyn brought them in , but she did n't recognize the deliverer . '' 
 zach looked over to the table , `` i 'm positive . 
 i 'm not going to do something you asked me not to do . 
 was there a card or anything ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i have no idea where they came from . 
 i was kind of hoping it was you . 
 if not ... '' she turned to look at him . 
 worry etched her eyes , and she swallowed deeply . 
 sensing her fear , he walked over to her and draped his arms around her and elizabeth . 
 `` miranda , i have to go to work today . 
 i am going to follow you to work , and walk you in . 
 i plan to be there after work to escort you home . '' 
 miranda looked up , realizing that she no longer felt the need to argue with him . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` there is no need to thank me . 
 i 'm the happiest man in the world this morning . 
 last night i slept with my arms wrapped around the most beautiful girl in the world . '' 
 he reached down and kissed elizabeth on the forehead , `` and this morning i am waking up to see my two sweet girls . '' 
 the day passed in a haze . 
 miranda caught herself daydreaming several times . 
 glimpses of his face would pass through her mind , and she would wonder what he was doing . 
 she glanced at the clock every few minutes and was amazed at how slowly the day crept by . 
 after what seemed like an eternity , she turned off her computer and gathered her things . 
 just as she was about to walk out of the door , her phone rang . 
 `` miranda , i 'm stuck at work . 
 there is no way i can leave just yet . 
 is there a friend 's house where you can go until i get there ? 
 i really do n't feel comfortable with you being alone just yet . '' 
 she sighed silently in disappointment . 
 she had been waiting to see him all day , and it felt like an eternity . 
 she also knew that he would be with her if he could . 
 `` that 's fine . 
 i will be at carolyn 's apartment . 
 she lives right across from me . 
 text me when you get there . '' 
 relief flooded his voice , `` oh good ! 
 i will be there as soon as i can . '' 
 carolyn practically pounced on miranda when she opened the door . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 i have n't seen you in forever ! '' 
 she almost knocked miranda down as she wrapped her in a grand hug . 
 `` you will never believe everything that has happened over the last few days . '' 
 carolyn searched miranda 's face for a moment , `` what is this ? 
 i know that look . '' 
 miranda tried to look confused , but she knew exactly what carolyn was hinting at . 
 she had seen the look in her own eyes when she looked in the mirror . 
 `` you are in love , are n't you ? '' 
 carolyn hopped up and hugged her again . 
 `` is it zach ? 
 tell me everything ! 
 i have to know ! '' 
 she smiled shyly , `` i guess i ca n't hide anything from you . 
 yes , it is zach . 
 i would n't say i 'm in love , but i definitely like him . 
 he is kind and sweet , and generous . '' 
 `` and do n't forget , incredibly handsome . '' 
 she giggled , then rolled her eyes at her own silliness . 
 when was the last time she had actually giggled ? 
 `` yes , he is very attractive . '' 
 she suddenly became very serious . 
 `` but ? '' 
 carolyn looked at her with concern . 
 `` but zach is worried that something is going to happen . 
 i 'm not quite sure what it is . 
 i know that he did not send the flowers that you took into my apartment the other day . 
 he does n't know that brooke 's house was almost burglarized , and my car was broken into and trashed when i stopped at a gas station while we were on our way home from abilene . 
 one of my clients verbally attacked me at work , followed us to a restaurant , and physically attacked zach there . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell him about your sister 's house or your car ? '' 
 she took a deep breath and rolled her eyes , `` because he is already so protective ! 
 i think he may be blowing all of this out of proportion . 
 but honestly , i 'm not sure if he is or not . '' 
 `` well then , i do n't think i 'd take any chances . '' 
 carolyn smiled grimly . 
 chapter 16 miranda 's ring tone sounded with a text message . 
 she had been waiting for zach for a couple of hours . 
 she was ready to go home , grab a bite to eat , and get elizabeth in bed . 
 she grabbed her phone , expecting zach to write that he was on his way . 
 `` i 'm still held up at the hospital . 
 it might be a while . 
 can you stay with carolyn ? 
 -- zach '' . 
 she read the text message and sighed . 
 she was positive that he was overreacting . 
 `` yes , i can stay with carolyn . 
 -- miranda '' , she responded . 
 she did n't lie . 
 she could stay with carolyn . 
 she just did n't tell him that she had no intention of staying anywhere other than her bed . 
 after sleeping on the couch last night , she craved her mattress and pillow . 
 `` i 'm going to go home and get in bed . 
 thank you , so much , for letting us hang out here , '' miranda reached over and hugged her dear friend . 
 `` are you sure that 's a good idea ? '' 
 concern etched lines on her forehead . 
 `` it will be fine . 
 zach will be there in a little while . 
 i really need some sleep . 
 it has been a hectic week ! '' 
 miranda smiled and blushed as images of zach rushed through her mind . 
 `` call if you need anything , '' carolyn said , returning her hug . 
 miranda carried elizabeth 's small , sleeping body across the apartment courtyard . 
 she quietly opened the apartment door and took her to her room , careful to lay her in her crib without waking her . 
 as she shut the door to her room , she let out a sigh of relief . 
 she needed a long hot bath and to curl up in her pajamas . 
 she walked back into the living room to make sure the door was locked . 
 a sickly sweet voice sounded behind her , `` well is n't this cozy ? '' 
 shock and heat rushed through her body as she froze in place , recognizing the voice . 
 before she could move , tense electricity moved in behind her . 
 she could feel the woman 's breath on her neck . 
 `` did you think you could wait for your lover boy to come home ? 
 sorry , he 's going to be occupied for a while . '' 
 miranda ran through her options . 
 the voice was geena 's , and although geena had betrayed her , she had never truly been a threat . 
 she turned slowly , `` why are you here ? '' 
 she continued to control her heart rate and breathing as she glanced down to see a gleaming silver blade in her hand . 
 she met eyes , hard and cold , filled with hatred . 
 the woman who had always been so manicured and proper , exuded desperation . 
 lips stretched thin over bared teeth . 
 frenetic red curls escaped their tie and surrounded her face , exaggerating the dark shadows under her eyes . 
 she looked frail and ready to snap at any moment . 
 `` you really do n't know ? 
 no , you probably do n't . 
 you always were a little naïve . '' 
 she waved the knife , `` why do n't you sit down over there for a moment , and i 'll explain it to you ? '' 
 miranda eased onto the couch , avoiding any sudden movements . 
 `` so , do you remember the little talk we had in the park ? 
 you gave us your blessing , as if i needed it . '' 
 she paced back and forth in front of the couch , waving the knife in the air . 
 `` i 've spent years supporting him , holding him , and loving him . 
 still , all he can talk about is you ! 
 he is obsessed with you , as if you are worth a moment of his time ! '' 
 she stopped to stand in front of miranda , pointing the knife , becoming dangerously close . 
 maniacal laughter escaped her lips . 
 `` did you think i would compete with you ? 
 there is no competition ! 
 but , i began to think that there is an easier solution . '' 
 her eyes took on a gleam of excitement as she considered her perfect plan . 
 `` if you are dead , he has no reason to think of you ! '' 
 geena threw back her head with fiendish laughter `` geena ! '' 
 a thick , low voice growled behind miranda . 
 when she heard elizabeth scream , she turned quickly . 
 horror filled her as she saw elizabeth hanging precariously from lee corbin 's arm . 
 his other hand dangled at his side , holding a glock 9mm , pointed at the floor . 
 `` we were n't paid to kill anyone . 
 you kill her , and we lose everything . '' 
 geena sneered at him , `` do you really think i care about the money ? 
 i do n't give a damn about the money . 
 i want her dead . '' 
 miranda could hear corbin 's teeth grind , `` we were instructed to take this slut and her brat directly to the hotel . 
 when we get there , we get our money . 
 i 'm not losing out because you 've gone crazy . 
 put that knife down ! '' 
 `` oh , lee , this is so much better ! 
 the slut is dead , and i raise the brat ! 
 it 's perfect ! 
 oh , ethan might grieve his little princess for a while , but he 'll get over it . '' 
 miranda watched as corbin raised the gun , `` do n't make me tell you again . 
 put the knife down ! '' 
 geena swung her eyes to miranda . 
 tears rolled down her face , and her body tensed . 
 suddenly , she leapt at miranda . 
 she swerved to the left and kicked geena 's knee to the side . 
 cartilage popped as she fell to the floor . 
 without warning , a shot reverberated against the walls . 
 geena 's face paled with shock as a red stream spread across her chest , and she fell to the floor . 
 `` take this brat and make her shut up ! '' 
 corbin flung elizabeth into miranda 's arms . 
 chapter 17 elizabeth wrapped her arms and legs around miranda , burying her face in her neck . 
 miranda watched corbin as he sauntered to a brown leather bag lying in the corner . 
 he rummaged through the bag for a moment before returning with a rope in his hands . 
 `` you know , you could have made this so much easier on both of us . 
 if you had just gone to dinner with me like i asked , there would have been no blood . 
 but no , you have to do things the hard way . '' 
 corbin continued to walk towards her with the rope in his hands . 
 he stepped over geena 's body and shook his head , `` what a shame . '' 
 miranda played scenarios through her mind . 
 corbin may have been behind all of the weird things happening over the last two weeks . 
 or it might have been geena . 
 zach had been right to be so worried . 
 she kept her voice calm , hoping to reason with the man , `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 `` are you as dense as she was ? '' 
 he nodded his head at the woman in the floor , surrounded by dark blood . 
 `` i just told her it 's about the money . 
 nothing more , nothing less . 
 hold your hands out . '' 
 she squeezed her arms together to keep elizabeth between them and placed her wrists together in front of her . 
 `` who is paying you to do this ? 
 do you know what his plans are ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , and i do n't care , '' he proceeded to bind her wrists with the rope . 
 `` you do n't have to do this . 
 you can walk away now . 
 a man who pays for something like this is n't exactly known for his upstanding dealings . 
 you might take us to him , but you probably wo n't get your money . '' 
 he laughed derisively , `` oh i will get paid . 
 if nothing else , you 'll pay me while he watches . '' 
 he leered at her with a look that made her skin crawl . 
 `` that may be better payment anyway . '' 
 he pushed her up off the couch then grabbed a baby blanket lying on the side of the couch and wrapped it around them . 
 she could feel his hard , muscular body slide against her back as he slid around her . 
 the point of his gun pressed painfully in her spine . 
 she closed her eyes , willing herself to remain calm . 
 `` now , we are going to walk out of this apartment and to your car . '' 
 he continued to slide around her , stopping only to slither his tongue along the curve of her neck up to her ear . 
 she shivered in disgust , but remained perfectly still . 
 `` you wo n't say a word . 
 you wo n't scream . 
 you will do exactly as i say . '' 
 she could feel the tip of the gun move along her back and around her side to rest between her and elizabeth . 
 `` if you do n't , i will kill her . 
 and before you bother to argue that i am being paid to deliver both of you , '' he grinned and leaned close to her again , `` you are worth the big bucks . 
 she 's just a bonus . 
 i 'm willing to take a loss . '' 
 miranda 's stomach lurched and her knees nearly buckled . 
 he grabbed her arm , steadying her . 
 `` i need to grab my purse . '' 
 he picked it up and thrust it into her hands then pushed her out the front door . 
 miranda 's mind raced as she tried to remember his instructions . 
 she began walking casually across the courtyard to her car , trying desperately not to shake . 
 there was no way she could drop elizabeth . 
 she was gripping miranda 's body with all four limbs . 
 `` miranda ! 
 miranda ! '' 
 she tried to ignore carolyn 's urgent call . 
 she did not want carolyn involved in any way , but she would n't be deterred . 
 she ran up and stopped right in front of them . 
 miranda smiled anxiously . 
 `` sorry to interrupt you , but i forgot to ask if you could watch lacey tomorrow while i go to the doctor . '' 
 corbin jammed the gun into her side . 
 miranda cleared her throat , hoping to stop the shaking , `` i 'm sorry , but i ca n't . 
 i have meetings tomorrow that i ca n't put off . '' 
 carolyn smiled , seemingly oblivious to the situation in front of her . 
 `` no problem , i 'll ask my mother-in-law . '' 
 she turned to corbin and stuck out her hand . 
 `` i do n't think we 've met . '' 
 corbin ignored her hand and stared at her with eyes of steel . 
 miranda smiled again , `` this is my dear friend mr. corbin . 
 i 'm sorry , but we are really in a hurry . '' 
 `` no problem , it was nice to meet you ! '' 
 carolyn turned and trotted away . 
 she turned once and scanned the scene anxiously before retreating into her apartment . 
 `` good job . 
 now get in the car , '' corbin growled in her ear . 
 he opened the passenger side door and shoved her inside . 
 when he had settled behind the steering wheel , she began to speak in a timid voice , `` could you please untie me ? 
 i have to get elizabeth in her car seat . '' 
 `` pfft , like i 'm going to untie you . 
 you must think i 'm as dumb as our dear dead friend . '' 
 regaining her voice , `` corbin , if the police see you driving with elizabeth in the front seat , you will be pulled over . '' 
 he grinned devilishly , `` then they wo n't see her . '' 
 he pulled the blanket up over elizabeth 's head . 
 the child , immobilized by fear , did n't move . 
 as they pulled out of the parking lot and into the flow of traffic , miranda tried to relax . 
 scanning her surroundings , she noticed that the sun was setting . 
 darkness could increase the likelihood of escape or , possibly , aid in corbin 's success . 
 she considered screaming at passing cars , but corbin 's gun still pressed against her side . 
 with her hands tied , she could n't jump from the car without risking elizabeth . 
 without doubt , her first priority was elizabeth 's safety . 
 for now , her best option may be to go along . 
 however , she would keep her eyes open for any opportunity to get away . 
 chapter 18 they pulled into a seedy hotel , a two-story single strip of rooms . 
 corbin pulled around and parked behind a set of dumpsters , out of sight of the nearby road and the hotel office . 
 darkness surrounded them , and miranda stumbled as he pulled her roughly from the car . 
 unable to grip the handrail , she swayed with exhaustion as she climbed the stairs to the second story . 
 curtains parted slightly then immediately closed as they passed rooms down to the middle of the strip . 
 before corbin could knock , the floor flew open , and miranda felt herself being pulled into a set of shaking arms . 
 ethan pulled her into the room and slammed the door behind them . 
 immediately , her body began to tremble with fear as everything began to fall into place . 
 ethan had promised he would never let her go . 
 it was obvious that he was willing to go to extreme lengths to keep her in his grasp . 
 `` did you hurt her ? '' 
 ethan 's eyes were frantic as he scanned her face . 
 corbin sneered , `` not a scratch . '' 
 ethan continued to search her face . 
 as he leaned closer , miranda swallowed revulsion . 
 he raised his hands to place on either side of her face . 
 `` you got your prize . 
 now give me money so i can get out of here . '' 
 ethan 's eyes did n't leave her face as he answered , `` you 'll get your money . '' 
 corbin took two long strides and placed his gun against miranda 's temple , `` now , ethan . 
 do n't try to play games with me . 
 i 'd just as soon see this whore dead ! '' 
 ethan gasped almost imperceptibly then moved to a briefcase on the bed . 
 he shoved it into corbin 's hands . 
 corbin grabbed the briefcase , opened it and sifted through the pile of bills . 
 `` you are one sick man , ethan . '' 
 he walked to the door and turned , `` nice doing business with you . '' 
 he opened the door and slammed it behind him , leaving miranda alone with the one man who caused her more terror than she had ever known . 
 miranda resisted the urge to slap his hand away as he tenderly reached up to pull the blanket off of elizabeth 's face . 
 the child gripped her mother more tightly . 
 she began to shiver uncontrollably as the cold air conditioning hit her sweat soaked body . 
 ethan touched her back lightly , `` so this is our daughter . 
 i 've seen her many times from a distance , but this is the first time i 've touched her . 
 she 's beautiful . 
 what did you name her ? '' 
 `` elizabeth , '' she replied through gritted teeth . 
 `` for my mother ? '' 
 he sneered with contempt . 
 her voice trembled as she realized the significance of the name . 
 she had met his mother , elizabeth row , on several occasions . 
 she was a domineering woman , a southern belle who had met and married an oil tycoon and moved to oklahoma . 
 affection had no place in her life , and ethan had paid the price . 
 raised by babysitters and nannies , he had relayed stories of abuse to his mother , only to be ignored . 
 after years of vying for his mother 's love , he finally gave up , knowing she was uncontrollable , cold hearted , and dispassionate . 
 his longing eventually turned to loathing . 
 `` no , ethan , no . 
 it 's my middle name too , remember ? '' 
 she smiled , hoping to remove his anger . 
 his face softened slightly , `` she does look like you . '' 
 she lost her breath as he rushed her and covered her face with kisses , `` oh , miranda , i missed you . '' 
 she swallowed the bile rising in her throat , `` i missed you , too . '' 
 when he finally released her , she ventured , `` geena 's dead . '' 
 he stepped back , and she witnessed a flash of pain cross his eyes . 
 `` that girl was crazy . '' 
 he turned from her and stomped across to the mini-fridge , grabbed a beer and guzzled half of it . 
 miranda steeled herself before she asked the question that had tortured her , `` did you sleep with her ? '' 
 he slammed the bottle on the counter . 
 she watched as foam spilled over the side . 
 `` is that what she told you ? '' 
 he rubbed his hands over his face , `` you know that i love you . 
 do n't you remember that we were each other 's firsts ? '' 
 she nodded while searching his face for the signals of deceit . 
 his lie was written across his face . 
 `` ethan , can you untie me ? 
 please ? '' 
 `` i do n't know that i can trust you . '' 
 he turned back to his beer and drank what little was left . 
 `` ethan , baby , how can i convince you that i made mistake when my hands are tied ? '' 
 she sauntered to his side and slid her bound hands up his arm . 
 his body shook as he stared off into the distance before moving away from her . 
 `` we are going to california . '' 
 he grabbed another beer and sat down at the table . 
 `` i think i owe you another honeymoon . 
 then we might just stay there . '' 
 she sat down across from him . 
 shock and horror raced through her body . 
 she had to do something quickly before he took her . 
 she calmed her breathing and smiled complacently , `` that sounds wonderful . 
 i love the beach . 
 can we take elizabeth to see the walruses under the san jose boardwalk ? '' 
 his face twisted with torture . 
 pain seemed to coil through his body as he rose . 
 she watched him pace , running his fingers through his hair . 
 `` why , miranda ? 
 why did you do it ? '' 
 she heard his voice catch , `` why did you leave me ? 
 i did n't even get to see our daughter born ? '' 
 her mind raced , searching for an answer that would please him and gain his trust . 
 her mind drifted back to the night she had decided to leave . 
 she had cooked pork chops for dinner . 
 she had never been a very good cook , and he was quite adept at reminding her of that fact . 
 this particular night , she was proud of how dinner turned out . 
 he walked into the dining room ad sat down . 
 suddenly , he stood , took his plate to the trash , and dumped it . 
 at that moment , she realized that she was just so tired . 
 she was tired of being called fat , ugly , scarred , and useless . 
 she was tired of his drastic mood swings , and tired of his tantrums . 
 she was seven months pregnant , and she knew she could n't raise her child with a man so unpredictable . 
 the next morning , she packed her car and raced back to oklahoma . 
 ethan returned to stand in front of her , his body shaking , `` how could you do that to me ? 
 you just left with no word whatsoever . '' 
 `` i tried to tell you , ethan . 
 you hurt me ! 
 you called me names and put me down . 
 i tried to love you , but you did n't love me . '' 
 his fists clenched at his sides , `` i did love you ! 
 i tried to make you a better wife and mother ! 
 i was trying to take care of you ! 
 everything i did was for you . 
 if i did n't follow you around and keep you in place , who knows who would look at you or try to take you away from me ? '' 
 his voice shook as he fought for control . 
 seeing that he was quickly losing control , she changed her tact . 
 she knew that if she pushed him any further , he would lose his temper . 
 she allowed the tears that she been holding back to spill over her cheeks . 
 she sat elizabeth on the chair and walked slowly over to where ethan paced . 
 she kneeled before him and raised her head to look in his eyes . 
 `` oh ethan , i 'm so sorry ! 
 i did it for you . 
 you are such an incredible man ; i knew you deserved someone better than me , someone who is n't scarred , fat , and useless . 
 i never thought i would hurt you ! '' 
 she bowed her head , sobbing hysterically , and praying desperately that her words had hit their mark . 
 he reached down and pulled her to her feet , searching her face . 
 suddenly , he wrapped his arms around her body and her legs , lifted her and carried her to the bed . 
 he laid her down gently and began to cover her with kisses . 
 panic filled her as trembling fingers reached for the buttons on her blouse . 
 miranda pushed lightly against his chest , `` ethan , wait . '' 
 `` i ca n't wait , i 've been separated from you for so long . '' 
 he continued to move his hands along her body . 
 `` ethan , please . 
 i need to freshen up , honey . 
 i want to be beautiful for you . '' 
 she pleaded with him silently . 
 `` i need to touch you . '' 
 very slowly , anxiously , he began to unwrap her wrists . 
 when he had finished , she rubbed the marks left behind . 
 she raised herself up and kissed his cheek . 
 walking to the bathroom she smiled and grabbed a beer from the fridge . 
 then she grabbed her purse and walked into the bathroom . 
 chapter 19 this was her chance . 
 if she did n't figure out something immediately , there would n't be another one . 
 she searched through her purse frantically . 
 her cell phone was there , and carolyn could track it , but she could n't risk being heard through these paper thin walls . 
 as she continued to search , she suddenly found a prescription bottle , the loratabs she had been prescribed for her ankle . 
 she quickly poured three of them on the sink . 
 after a second thought , she dumped two more , took off her shoe and crushed them . 
 she dumped them in the beer bottle and swirled it gently . 
 she dabbed on some makeup and walked to the refrigerator again , `` want another beer ? '' 
 ethan looked up from where he crouched beside elizabeth . 
 he nodded silently . 
 she squatted down behind the door of the fridge , grabbed a beer and switched hands . 
 she walked to the table and handed him one then sat down . 
 ethan stood , `` come on , baby . 
 let 's do this . '' 
 he pulled a long drink from the bottle and set it down , again . 
 `` um , can i drink this first ? 
 i 'm so nervous , '' she giggled lightly , trying to sound innocent . 
 `` what have you got to be nervous about ? '' 
 blood red rage began to crawl up his neck onto his face . 
 he slammed his fist on the table , making miranda jump and elizabeth scream . 
 `` are you playing me ? '' 
 miranda shook her head emphatically . 
 `` is this about that doctor ? 
 corbin said you were whoring around with him . 
 have you been sleeping with that doctor ? '' 
 miranda continued to shake her head , frightened and silent . 
 ethan took a shaky step towards her , his fist stilled clenched . 
 `` no , ethan , no . 
 i 've been saving myself for you . 
 i 've never wanted anyone else . '' 
 he unclenched his fist long enough to take another long drink . 
 `` then no more waiting . '' 
 he reached over and grabbed her hand . 
 fear wrenched through her body , and she tightened her lips to force back her scream . 
 he pulled her forcefully , and she stumbled onto the bed . 
 he stumbled toward the bed , fumbling with the buttons on his shirt . 
 `` what the ... '' red and blue lights flashed against the bright white walls . 
 miranda pushed herself up on her elbows . 
 his hand slammed against her . 
 she flew back against the bed as pain exploded in her face . 
 ethan pulled a gun from his waistband . 
 his words were muffled as he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her to the door . 
 `` ethan row , come out with your hands up . '' 
 ethan staggered to the door , `` open it . '' 
 miranda opened the door and walked out slowly . 
 ethan held her hair in one hand and his gun in the other . 
 he pushed her to the railing , lurching as if he had lost control of his legs . 
 she could feel the pressure of his body leaning on her . 
 as he continued to lose control of his muscles , he relied on miranda for support . 
 she braced her hands on the rail , trying to hold him up . 
 her face burned where he had backhanded her , and her sight was still slightly blurry . 
 but she could see the parking lot filled with flashing lights and hear elizabeth 's screams in the room behind her . 
 a deep squeal below her demanded her attention as she realized the rail was weakening . 
 bolts began to pull , and the rail lurched forward . 
 unable to stand ethan 's weight any longer , she struggled to the side , pushing his weight off of her . 
 a deep roar filled her ears as the rail plummeted . 
 she threw herself back and watched as ethan 's drug-induced body tumbled over the side . 
 a warm blanket surrounded her . 
 she looked around and felt comfort as she sat before the blazing fire of her parent 's home . 
 this ca n't be right . 
 i 'm not really here . 
 she struggled to remember . 
 hearing her name , she strained to open her eyes . 
 memories flooded her mind as she looked around and found herself in the back of a police car . 
 elizabeth sat in her lap , and she was curled against zach 's side . 
 `` i was so afraid i lost you , '' he whispered as he nuzzled her neck . 
 she looked up into his eyes , `` you will never lose me . 
 i 'm yours . '' 
 he squeezed her tighter , wrapping his arms around his girls . 
 the police car door squealed as it opened . 
 `` ms. row , i have a few questions to ask you . '' 
 zach started to answer , but she held up her hand to stop him . 
 `` i can do this . 
 i want to get this done . '' 
 she sighed heavily and crawled out of the car . 
 zach followed , never letting her leave his side . 
 `` ms. row , was ethan row working alone ? '' 
 she shook her head , shivering with memories that hit her like a tide . 
 `` no . 
 geena and lee corbin were hired by ethan . 
 they came to my apartment . 
 geena is still there . 
 she 's ... '' a flood of tears broke . 
 she turned to zach 's arms and sobbed uncontrollably . 
 zach looked at the police officer , imploring , `` can we wait ? '' 
 `` i will give you a few minutes to pull yourself together . 
 we really need some details . 
 we have two dead bodies and no suspect . '' 
 the police officer paused for a moment then walked away . 
 he stood there holding her gently and stroking her hair . 
 when her breathing slowed , she looked up with pleading eyes , `` do n't let me go . '' 
 `` i intend to keep you by my side for the rest of my life , if you will have me . '' 
 her answer hung in the air as she clung tightly to his chest . 
 `` oh , you found her ! '' 
 carolyn flew into their embrace . 
 miranda turned to her dear friend , `` tell me what happened . '' 
 `` i remembered you telling me about corbin . 
 i tried to play it off , but i could see your eyes shifting as you talked . 
 as soon as i got back to the house , i called zach . 
 he followed you here and called the police . '' 
 she looked around , searching the area . 
 `` zach , where is corbin ? '' 
 `` he got away before i got here . '' 
 he stared into the distance , gritting his teeth . 
 neither of them noticed the dark , ocean blue eyes watching from the shadows . 
 chapter 20 as the prelude began , miranda walked slowly and solemnly up the aisle . 
 her auburn hair was laced with tiny pink roses and cascades of curls falling down her back . 
 in her hands she held a small bouquet of seven pink roses , lilies , and baby 's breath . 
 the long pink gown , studded with hundreds of rhinestones on the strapless bodice , flowed behind her , making her feel like a princess . 
 she glanced to her right , where zach marched beside her , matching each of her steps . 
 he looked incredibly handsome in his full , black tuxedo . 
 his silver vest was topped with a pale pink tie , the same shade as her dress . 
 even hidden beneath the jacket , she could see the ripple of muscles that pulled his suit taut . 
 he turned to smile at her , and his bright blue eyes shone with love . 
 once they had taken their places at the altar with trey , the wedding march began . 
 hundreds of family members , friends , and loved ones stood and turned to witness the bride as she emerged from the back . 
 emily , clinging steadily to her father 's arm , tread softly in tiny white slippers that just peeked out below her white gown . 
 yards of white satin , covered in pearl seed beads , trailed behind her . 
 when they reached their destination , emily handed her bouquet of white roses to miranda . 
 emily 's father pulled back her veil and kissed her gently on the cheek . 
 unshed tears sparkled in the corners of his eyes as he connected her hand with trey 's . 
 as they repeated their vows , miranda peeked at zach , standing behind trey . 
 his jaw clenched as he seemed to concentrate on each spoken word . 
 when shifted his gaze to meet hers , her heart stopped for a moment . 
 his eyes held a look she had not seen before . 
 the vibrancy had darkened with longing and passion . 
 she could see her own reflection , an image of beauty and grace . 
 soon after , miranda 's daughter elizabeth , led by emily 's older niece , toddled down the aisle . 
 she carried a small , white satin pillow with wedding rings tied to the top . 
 she was eighteen months old , and was quite content to be the center of attention . 
 she smiled brightly as she handed the pillow to the bride and groom , then walked over and stood patiently beside miranda . 
 when the ceremony had concluded , and the pastor had announced them husband and wife , trey held emily in his arms . 
 they honored their vows with a lingering kiss then returned down the aisle as a newly married couple . 
 the reception was held in nearby hotel . 
 a large room filled with banquet tables surrounding a parquet dance floor barely contained the guests . 
 at the front of the room , the bridal party sat at a long table , eating , drinking , and laughing . 
 zach sat beside miranda , nervously playing with her fingers . 
 she scanned the area and found elizabeth sitting with her grandmother , chatting happily then returned her attention to zach . 
 he was acting strangely , somewhat nervous and disconnected . 
 yet each time he looked at her , he seemed to peer into her soul , searching for answers to some unspoken question . 
 as the champagne flowed , the volume increased , the guests became more animated , and the dance floor filled . 
 after a couple of toasts , zach began to relax , but he never took his eyes off of her . 
 suddenly , his eyes blazed with courage and he whispered , `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 within a few minutes , anne murray began to croon , `` could i have this dance ? '' 
 , and zach was at her side holding out his hand . 
 miranda 's face flushed with emotion as she took his hand and they made their way to the dance floor . 
 as he held her tightly , she buried her face in his chest and listened to the beat of his heart . 
 she immediately realized that the fear she had harbored for so long was gone . 
 she felt safe , protected , and loved . 
 closing her eyes , she breathed in and filled her lungs with his scent . 
 far too soon , the song ended , and she found herself standing in the middle of the dance floor alone . 
 around her , guests smiled knowingly as she looked down and found zach on his knee , kneeling in front of her . 
 he took a deep breath , `` miranda , the moment i first saw you , i fell in love . 
 and each moment after , you stole a piece of my heart . 
 each trial that we have shared has only solidified the knowledge that i do n't want to spend another day without you . 
 miranda , will you be my wife ? '' 
 silent tears rolled down her cheeks as she realized that this question had been the one she had wanted , the one she had craved . 
 `` yes , i will . '' 
 applause erupted around them as he stood and embraced her then slipped a beautiful diamond ring on her finger . 
