 the romantic dreamer by romeo d. matshaba copyright 2013 romeo d. matshaba smashwords edition all rights reserved . 
 i kind-heartedly acknowledge this book to all the list of loves i 've had the privilege to meet . 
 this book is a timeless artifact of you . 
 a romantic : a person with romantic beliefs , attitudes and thoughts . 
 a dreamer : one who does n't think by physical boundaries , having ` his head in the clouds ' chapter 1 the last romantic our second date . 
 was there a small feasibility that today would be as enchanting and delightful as that magical day before ? 
 but there was nothing in the laws of physics that denied me repeated marvelty . 
 for i have always believed that the same laws which keep the planets in their orb are not dissimilar to those which govern and swivel our hearts . 
 i waited anxiously for her call , akin to a boy just before christmas . 
 `` a few minutes now , '' i muttered to myself as i silently starred at the clock on the wall . 
 which seemed to take its precious time to arrive at 4 p.m. : procrastinating to reach there as if 4 was its fearsome foe . 
 my eyes alternated between my mobile and that clock on the wall . 
 my hair was tremendously combed and my breath was fresh . 
 she had told me she would call and i believed she would call . 
 only in dreams do those creepy arms of the clock not reach 4p . 
 m , but this , although it felt like one ; was no dream . 
 it was 4p . 
 m. -- finally i would see that rare beauty that only lives in a handful . 
 however , mother had constantly warned me about how too much excitement always ends in rivers of tears . 
 how could i have forgotten my basic teaching ? 
 those creepy hands on the clock tick-tacked repeatedly until the sun went down . 
 i stared at the falling sun by the window in my lonesome dark flat , `` perhaps something had happened '' , i thought to myself . 
 but worse still , `` perhaps nothing had happened '' . 
 strange was how i felt , but stranger than this was the mere fact that i had only seen and known her for two days . 
 but i was certain of it , just as i am certain that there lies beauty in the world . 
 that i was madly and undeniably in love with her . 
 my theory was that as we were being conceived , god was creating her lips so-sugary so-pleasant with mine in mind ... just perfect for these lips of mine : so that when we kissed even stones would cry . 
 this theory , that he was fashioning her heart with mine in mind , so when we touch our hearts would beat to craft music as flute . 
 it was evening now , she still had not called . 
 my senseless ego and manish pride prohibited me from calling . 
 but i owed it to myself and the one that beats within me to have the courage to my own romantic convictions . 
 i hanged up a few times before i ultimately gained the strength and valor to let it ring . 
 her silky voice answered at the other end . 
 `` i wanted to call , i so desperately did . '' 
 she said . 
 `` then why did n't you ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 `` you ... '' her soothing breath filled her chest , `` you would n't understand ... '' `` then make me understand fiona ... what 's going on ? '' 
 she paused for awhile then proceeded to say , `` it was all a dream , a beautiful dream , but a dream nonetheless . '' 
 she was crying when she said this , i 'm certain of it . 
 there 's just something about a cry which you can not miss . 
 before i could prolong my speech , a voice of another echoed , then the call was abruptly ended . 
 i had hopes that calling would provide answers i was so desperately seeking in order to grasp , and comprehend , this elusive matter of the heart . 
 but all that calling provided was a stream of questions which bombarded my already troubled head . 
 these questions took me a few days back to the first time i ever set eyes on her . 
 it began like any other day when something spectacular was about to transpire . 
 as if nothing would ensue -- i was sitting by the arcadia park , observing the world -- a writer 's curse : the wind swayed from both sides of east and west , and subsequently fiona came along . 
 blind men must have seen her that day for a sight of an angel walking on brown earth was exceptionally hard to miss : an angel that walked and breathed like us . 
 she was as slender and tall as falling rain . 
 her hair was dark , long and her race was mixed . 
 if only i alone possessed the sacred gift to see angels , but everyone around me was just as enchanted and captivated as i was . 
 while walking in her high heels , she had that indescribable aura which leads men to flaunt as peacocks and make fool of themselves . 
 she sat a few feet away from me on the opposite swing . 
 she swung to and fro , to and fro , to listen to music . 
 i admired her liberated free-spiritedness . 
 the flaunting peacocks came one after the other . 
 those who thought were smooth-talkers recoiled with clumsiness and smooth-walkers went back staggering like old men . 
 man after man they came with inviting smiles on their face but with sadness when they left . 
 when finally i glanced at her , i found her eyes addressed at me . 
 sideways i looked , there was nobody there . 
 she smiled . 
 roses bloomed instantly on that faultless day . 
 i hesitated to converse with her as i knew she burnt more than raging flame . 
 i wished not to stagger like old men . 
 but i knew that were my ears not to hear the sound of her voice that day , irrespective of their nature , i would have regretted it for all time coming . 
 like a brave little soldier going to war , i stood up and slowly walked towards her . 
 on my reaching close , she stopped , smiled again . 
 violets followed to bloom . 
 `` how do you do '' , i asked , while she took off the music from her ears . 
 `` i 've been better , but then again i 've been worse , '' she said . 
 `` do you have time ? '' 
 when she glanced at her watch , i interrupted `` well ms i meant do you have a lil ' time , to spend with me ? '' 
 she blushed , i sat next to her . 
 we conversated for hours , as if i knew her for years , but feeling as if not a ticking second had passed . 
 when it finally came time for her to leave , i grew quite sad and asked if i could see her again that following saturday . 
 it was a thursday when i recall . 
 `` what will you be up to tomorrow ? '' 
 she asked , `` cos i would love to see you tomorrow , saturday and sunday and ... '' she stood up and left ; but then she turned around and smiled once more . 
 all flowers followed to bloom . 
 the day which followed , till today , i can not possibly put in words . 
 i was a dying breed ; here in the capital of south africa , the numbers of my kind had dwindled like water on desert sand ; perhaps the very last of my kind -- the last true romantic . 
 but even for a writer , a romantic , not even in my dreams have i dreamed that such a day would exist . 
 i kissed her beneath the stars , she held me tight and refused to let go beneath the stars . 
 ask the stars they will tell you , love happened beneath their eyes . 
 now here i was in the night , after the day , with those stars which were so kind so bright that yester day -- dark this day . 
 i repeatedly asked what she meant , what did she refer ? 
 how could a dream turn so quickly into a nightmare ? 
 but a man 's pride is a man 's pride and i would not subject myself to such torture from another being , even if this being caused my heart to beat like drum . 
 so i did my best to put her off my mind . 
 a couple of months had now passed since my hopeless affection . 
 i had convinced myself that she was just another page in my life 's book : neither that graceful beginning nor that violent end . 
 the life of the arcadia flats was not for the weak and sensitive at heart . 
 here men exchanged concealed gifts which they called `` cloud powder '' : it could take you to the clouds . 
 the majority of women wore tight clothes and worked at night . 
 but it was an appropriate dwelling for a writer . 
 tired of the dinging sound of my typewriter -- although at other times it was heavenly music to my ears -- i strolled to the local supermarket which neighbored my apartment . 
 halfway there the earth stood still . 
 as i gazed upon eyes which i never thought i would catch a glimpse of again , they were enchanting as ever , as if she still lived in the sky . 
 but there was something peculiarly different in the subject of her . 
 her make-up was overly redundant . 
 she wore too little . 
 her hair color was too much , her company was worse , as they looked as if they went there and back again . 
 she was too loud , how could she have changed in so little a time ? 
 immediately on noticing me , her laugh evaporated like steam and simultaneously struck by a lightning of awe . 
 the glass bottle she carried met with the floor ; the acquaintance shattered the other into a thousand pieces of glass . 
 we both froze like we were stuck in a timeless freezer , as round earth stood still for us . 
 she was a working girl i was sure of it . 
 her company shook and woke her up . 
 without a word , i left ; without a word , she left . 
 back in my lonesome flat , those rivers of questions and i rallied once more . 
 but unlike the time before the time , there existed an evident disparity . 
 this time i had responses to the questions as everything became lucid and clear as day . 
 she sold her body for money . 
 we both knew that a relationship was impossible and immoral . 
 it was all a dream as she had earlier said . 
 as days turned into cold nights , and nights into colder days , i yearned for the sound of her voice the feeling of her touch . 
 it worsened each fleeting second as i thought , spoke and dreamed of her . 
 what was i to do ? 
 it would be a sin to my reverends ' eyes , a shame and insult to my families ' pride . 
 but i knew that were my ears not to hear her gentle voice once more i would have went deaf , were my eyes not see her once more , i would have gone blind . 
 so i found her and accepted her past , embraced her present and told her that she was my future . 
 our relationship was of the strangest kind but we both did not seem to mind . 
 her folks had passed on . 
 the only two people she could call family was her brother vincent , and the addition of me . 
 she paid the mortgage and all his fees at the university of pretoria with the cold money she earned . 
 he knew very little of what his sister did for a living . 
 we kept it that way for all future times . 
 she was as kind as a butterfly , yet every time she worked in those wintry streets , her essence and loving soul were slowly depleting . 
 i kept her sane and showed her north . 
 now and again she would return with scars and bruises . 
 it would bruise my heart each time . 
 the challenges we faced were more than the leaves in the forest . 
 but we kept strong like a rooted tree in the middle of that forest blown by a relentless and violent wind . 
 still , i remember our love overcoming the odds that were against us -- at least momentarily . 
 weeks went passed and months followed . 
 together we found the joy of eden , before the sins of men . 
 together we found pieces and scraps of bliss . 
 on one strange day , i recall it like no other as it hurt like no other . 
 tears were filling her sea-blue eyes . 
 she said her love for me was killing me . 
 this could not have been true , how could she have said that ? 
 the reason i touch is to touch for her . 
 but my love was leaving and i could tell her mind was made . 
 `` my being with you kills your dreams . 
 you deserve more than this , more than me '' , she said . 
 `` promise me that you will meet someone normal , fall in love , grow old and have kids , '' i had never seen her cry as much . 
 she continued to speak , `` promise me , that you will neither wait for me nor try to find me , but to forever keep me in your dreams as i will always keep you in my heart , '' placing my hand so gingerly on her chest . 
 although at the time i did not wish to admit it , she was as right as rain . 
 i swore an oath as a token of my promise , an oath i kept for forever and a day . 
 today , just like all days following her miserable departure , i received an anonymous phone call . 
 the person on the other end kept silent but i knew it was her -- missing me as i do her . 
 i have little knowledge of her whereabouts , however , wherever she may be i hope she found peace . 
 at least she left me with her astounding memories ; i needed something of hers to keep me company . 
 chapter 2 the lucy rey mystery back when i was younger , and more vulnerable to every minuscule episode , i like most , strongly believed in my own elite brilliance . 
 that in all the billions , of countless billions , that have breathed and later lost their breath . 
 that i was dissimilar , distinctive and unique . 
 but time and age can whither this belief and expose the uncanny truth -- that we are all drops in drops of water : disposed to pain , grief and loss . 
 the humbling idea that everything we hold dear to our hearts today , will one day disappear , only cultivates and acquires form with the advancement of time . 
 there i was , after her cheerless departure ; left there to gather my fallen parts and pieces without even a moment 's rest or pause . 
 the clock ticked on , the world went on spinning on its axis while swiveling with its bright moon . 
 nevertheless , there i remained , expected to advance this heart aching journey of life . 
 it was even evident in the reflection on the mirror that a quantity of my unseen soul had died . 
 but i was made up of much thicker bones and skin -- perhaps even broken heart can heal . 
 i had to continue without her somehow , i had to learn to live without her somehow . 
 years had passed as they constantly do and today soon became tomorrow : now turned to then and slowly the nightmares reduced by small quantities and the lifeless cells in my heart increased by even smaller quantities ; but they did . 
 i had recently moved from arcadia to the neighboring -- almost kissing sunnyside 's flats -- the side where it is always sunny or as better known by its prominent dwellers ; as the new york of the south . 
 a place i would soon embrace and call my own . 
 although i had not forgotten about my past misfortunes and afflictions which transpired in arcadia , i contemplated that perchance , here in sunnyside , i would find fresh waters and mountain dew to start afresh . 
 i had a promise to keep . 
 it was enormously apparent how people pontificate romantics in days and times of today . 
 the very definition of my kind , a romantic , was vaguely misunderstood . 
 they interpreted my breed as those who opened doors or bought flowers for the one they love . 
 but dear reader nothing could be further from the truth . 
 a true romantic does not look but gaze . 
 he dreams romantically , thinks romanticism and only kisses with romantic lips . 
 how can i explain it ? 
 my very dna is different : it is bounded by romantic strings . 
 sunnyside lived up to its name : shedding light were darkness lives . 
 by some strange means , it liberated my mind . 
 i felt as fish placed in the smoothness of water , bird liberated to fly in the softness of the wind or mighty lion released to the thorny jungle -- roaring with delight . 
 here i could put layer upon layer of magic on the pages i wrote and all seemed to be well . 
 but like all true romantics , living without a heart was more grueling than flames to my back . 
 thus , aware or otherwise i seek turmoil and tribulations as vigorously as bees seek nectar from flower . 
 it was at this precise moment when i met lucy ; while in solitary and troubled times . 
 when all i was seeking : was one to lighten my load , lift my pain and to understand the pieces of my shattered heart . 
 there was a sense of sensitivity to her . 
 the kind i was never likely to meet again . 
 but that first day i met her , i observed trouble walking hand in hand with her shadow . 
 she had this rare gift to entwine sensitivity and danger into one exquisite body . 
 it was a tuesday , i think , but by then days were seldom imperative to me . 
 there was rushing wind , however , not the kind which gestures destruction ; on the contrary it was the soft and melodious kind which only cries for rain . 
 the dark and ashy cloud had covered the blue , and the smell of rain perfumed the air . 
 at a not far-flung distant , along my path , i saw them . 
 i believe she was dancing to something or nothing or everything in that open ground . 
 but one thing was for certain , it was as if she was crafted out of sounds of music and a few pieces of perfect . 
 she spoke very little and her smile was rare , this led her to have a certain natural authority . 
 even the moving air was cautious on how it moved in her presence . 
 this flaming personality allowed her to speak volumes in one word of speech . 
 there was a guy -- there 's always a guy . 
 he wore close-fitting leather pants . 
 his tattoos were unconventionally colorful while his shades were quite dimly to hide the eyes . 
 he was furious and gestured rage . 
 she was bored signaling a lack of interest as she moved her legs that were made of musical nodes . 
 he continued to howl like a grizzly bear . 
 she remained serene and silent as if she repelled the darkness with her scent . 
 i approached them at a snail 's pace with her face leisurely coming into focus after observing them for a while . 
 she stared at me : a glare showered with promises of the future and warmth of peace . 
 i now evoke how , with that single fleeting stare , she gave more than what all women could by no means give me in centuries of years . 
 when the momentary loose string -- which connected our eyes shattered to spoil -- i imagined all possible futures my life would bring . 
 a young , an old , wealthy man or a man deprived . 
 in all these possible futures i could not , even if i so durably tried , imagine any future without her . 
 `` if you so wish , '' i told her , `` you can choose to stay here with him . '' 
 i further uttered words which in the inner chambers of the ear lovingly whispered my name . 
 i drew closer , chest to chest , almost feeling the rapid beating of her heart with my words painting a doorway to heaven , for her eyes to see . 
 `` or you can choose to come with me , '' extending my hand towards her . 
 her eyes alternated between us two . 
 she smiled and took my hand . 
 we ran away , leaving her guy bewildered as to what had just transpired . 
 i believe the invisible audience laughed at us that day . 
 later the three of us - me , her and delight -- dined at my flat as the drizzling drops of rain drew crooked lines on the window . 
 the silence living in the wind softly whispered , `` it is cold outside and warm inside '' . 
 then lucy rey also whispered , `` perhaps i should go '' , biting her lips , and ironically showing no signs of wanting to leave , `` or perhaps you should stay , '' i also replied in whisper , virtually by impulse or hypnosis . 
 when she stayed it became passionate inside , and dull outside . 
 in retrospect , i now see : i was being manipulated . 
 did i even decide to articulate with her ? 
 or was i enticed by her seductive eyes , like a hypnotized mouse enticed by the promises of cheese ? 
 right there , i knew that before our time is done , before our soul departs for the sky , only one of us would win these lucy rey games . 
 i was awakened by streaming particles of light which managed to penetrate the rather impenetrable black curtains . 
 the light momentarily blinded me . 
 when my sight returned , there she was gently lying next to me . 
 her smooth long legs seemed to be without end , although the beginning was evident to the soft eyes . 
 right then and there i could tell the historians of the future the reason why the first and second world war came to be . 
 my theory was of the simple kind but astonishingly self-evident . 
 i believed that god became too distracted with fabricating and constructing her to be concerned with the rest of humanity . 
 i imagined him like da vinci : working busily and tirelessly in the day and resting only in the late hours of the night . 
 taking his time -- beauty necessitates time . 
 lucy rey was undoubtedly the most beautiful woman to ever walk the face of the earth . 
 but yet , everything about her scared me : her eyes or face or lips ... her beating heart , scared me . 
 she smelled of fresh air , fresh water and fresh flowers . 
 you could tell that her intoxicating perfume cost at least a little more than my thumb . 
 but strangely enough , lucy was between jobs . 
 you could easily discern that she had never worked a day in her life . 
 those soft and beautiful hands could barely make a cup of tea . 
 something was clearly unsavory and dubious . 
 so like a classic detective in a dark hat and brown coat i was to solve the mystery of lucy rey . 
 i recall a moment of introspection as i felt awful about lucy 's boyfriend . 
 his lifeless stare remained engrained in the corner of my brain . 
 i recall his wretched stare , as if to say , `` why are you stealing my sun and my moon ; those jewels that are the sparkle of my eye and the light of my sky ? '' 
 `` do you reckon he 'll be alright ? '' 
 i asked her , `` who ... that want-to-be rock star ? 
 forget about him ... '' she said , softly caressing my face and blowing the cigarette smoke through the cave of her mouth . 
 `` it 's you and me now , just us . '' 
 if i was not me , and my thoughts someone else 's , i would have felt alright and my day would surely have been bright . 
 but i was certainly alarmed that if she can throw him as spoiled garbage , what prevented me from becoming the inadequate garbage tomorrow ? 
 like the detective in the brown coat , shades and hat , i knew that the only way i could understand what makes her heart beat , was to grasp and be acquainted with her life story . 
 it was only after i told her about my past afflictions with fiona that she became emancipated to explain . 
 she divulged over breakfast her rather unconventional upbringings . 
 a simple but yet underprivileged life she grew up to before she was touched by the harsh morning and the unbearable cold night , before she met with razor . 
 one could only compare their encounter with two planes violently colliding with each other -- leaving only wreckage behind . 
 razor was her first . 
 he taught her about the secrets of old : the secrets in the garden of eden . 
 together the world was theirs : a modern-day bonnie and clyde . 
 a famous gangster like razor afforded her the things she only had in dream and the world was truly hers for the taking . 
 but perhaps i should have said bonnies and clyde . 
 but when she spoke , he painted bruises all over her perfect body , but , `` not on the face , '' razor always did say , `` not on the face '' . 
 when you live by the sword your right-hand man steals it and stabs you repeatedly in the back . 
 that 's exactly what happened to razor . 
 she was no longer safe , so lucy had to flee . 
 the incident was a shallow gift and a deep curse . 
 a gift since there was no more razor ; no more wretchedness and woe . 
 but a curse since she could no longer return home and see her own , plus she had nothing to her name . 
 she would never love again , that much was clear . 
 `` love hurt too much , '' she thought while fleeing to the city of pretoria . 
 she knew not a soul here but she was strong . 
 she had survived worse : cops and thugs . 
 the taxi stopped and the strange city was raining cold . 
 my lucy rey sat there in the rain -- in the freezing rain . 
 her astounding beauty would come to her rescue as it has all her life . 
 a man in a mercedes pulled over . 
 `` are you alright ms ? '' 
 he asked concerned , `` do you need a lift perhaps ? '' 
 `` a lift ? '' 
 she smiled sadly , her dazzling white teeth must have blinded him awhile nonetheless . 
 `` a lift is only good for someone who has a place to go . '' 
 he thought for a momentary while , whilst starring at the cold august rain . 
 `` you must come with me then -- let me accommodate you till you can find your feet . '' 
 she might have wandered what he had to gain from all this . 
 when they arrived at the man 's house , there was a lady in the kitchen . 
 without a single utterance of a word , or a simple introduction , he took her bags and planted them in the guest room . 
 they sat on the couch , the three of them . 
 he was at ease , as if this was a conventional and habitual situation . 
 but it was not , there was awkwardness and silence . 
 the tension immense : you could cut it with a blunt knife . 
 he later stood up and showed lucy her room . 
 him and the other woman also headed to bed . 
 there were screams . 
 the lady was shouting uncontrollably . 
 how could you blame her ? 
 later that evening he came into lucy 's bed : she was wearing very little and he even less . 
 he told her how beautiful she was and the mercedes man stayed the night . 
 a few days went by and the two women lived under the same roof . 
 it was only a matter of time till the pressure weighed in on the other . 
 she packed her bags and left lucy with her now ex-husband . 
 their relationship was neither written in the stars nor carved in ancient stones , so they soon parted . 
 a few years later the once strange city of pretoria was now lucy rey 's playground . 
 it was then when i was first introduced into the violent story of lucy rey . 
 she asked why i had chosen to be a writer . 
 `` writing was hardly a choice for me , '' i explained , `` it is a basic need just as much as lungs need air , or my lips need your kiss . '' 
 she swallowed my delectable words with eager lips . 
 lucy loved to listen to the beating of my heart -- it was the only way she could fall sleep : with her ear gently fastened to my chest . 
 perhaps she heard the silent messages that my heart portrayed , or understood the dying secret that my heart kept . 
 that it was not beating to beat , but rather trying to escape my chest and reach for her . 
 now and then , time and again , she would retreat to her shell like a sluggish snail : that rough and thick shell lingering with the roughness of her upbringings . 
 when she did , lucy would act as harsh as bitter vinegar towards me . 
 but even in those cracked and uneven moments , i knew with my beating heart that she was most tender of all living beings . 
 a gentle soul concealing her love so bright , pure and teeming with glimmer that would burn this world to the ground . 
 lying beside her , i could have sworn that two people existed and danced the tango deep within her . 
 the devious and promiscuous lucy rey ! 
 and a gentle soul only missing wings to fly . 
 i was given to curiosity and i too listened to the sound her heart produced : ear to chest i listened ; perhaps i listened with ears made of romantic fibers . 
 but i heard a distinctively unique language that was unobtainable in the dictionary -- it was a language of the heart . 
 i smiled as i understood what her heart would say , `` you hear it ? '' 
 she said breathlessly . 
 i nodded . 
 she sighed and held me close . 
 as we lied close together with both our hearts to speak , the only thing that separated us was the tiny molecules of air between our skin . 
 i believe we both felt it ; there in comparison with the vastness of the universe ; there between the sheets and the soft wind between us : was where we belonged . 
 the day before , my route headed to the south , today it is heading towards her . 
 yesterday her eyes , lips and dreams scared me . 
 this day life without her would be a sad and whimsical flaw . 
 the day before this , my heart had no proprietor ; at this moment in history i was in love with lucy rey . 
 she smiled as if she saw my thoughts and i felt her all-embracing love filling my sky . 
 `` do not hurt me romeo , please do n't hurt me '' . 
 as if in the presence of wise men we spoke of dreams and kids and things . 
 only the walls listened with vigilant ears : blushing , crying as love grew , evolved and filled all the space between us . 
 when it came time for her to leave , she grew quite downcast and refused to kiss me goodbye . 
 it was only after i promised i would call her the very next day that she did . 
 with the taxi driver impatiently waiting , `` come live with me , '' said i , she smiled ; love smiled at me , `` i 'd love to . 
 i 'll wait for this call ! '' 
 the taxi drove away . 
 i stood there staring at her parting image . 
 sunnyside 's streets are relatively safe as people constantly traversed up and down . 
 except at esselen street -- the street which loathed the sight of sleep . 
 it was here where i rallied with them -- those two robbing thieves . 
 two midgets , two cheeky midgets . 
 dear reader , i must honestly admit , i was tempted to replace the dwarfs by two wrestlers as i felt ashamed that i got mugged by the seven dwarfs -- but midgets they undoubtedly were . 
 `` ey , you ... empty your pockets ! '' 
 the one midget said , with a matchstick dancing in his mouth . 
 at first i thought it was a joke , looking at their oddly shaped heads from above . 
 but the joke quickly turned sour when the midget pulled out a rusted gun . 
 without delay i surrendered to my foes ; my very tiny foes . 
 i walked away slow , like a snail carrying a heavy shell or a tired old man with tired eyes and tired dreams . 
 perhaps they did not understand what they had done -- they had opened ancient scars in their tomb . 
 they had mocked romeo and juliet , spat on jack and rose and cursed bonnie and clyde . 
 those midget thieves had stolen my heart away , not by my wallet or my phone or my fear but by the single string of numbers in my phone that cried lucy rey . 
 my eyes , although they were still in denial , knew they 'd never see precious beauty again i had always admired the lush multi-layers hidden in silence , like the poignant silence between nodes which holds the secret to all transcended music . 
 or the rich quietness that lives in-between uttering 's of speech ; the silence which holds the key to all poetry . 
 but not silence of the heart . 
 i resent silence of the heart . 
 i -- more than any other -- know that if the heart forgets to beat and desires silence instead , than the body , is but a worthless rock . 
 that night as i stared at the sleeping moon by my window , i noticed how the carnivorous darkness had swallowed the background light , and how only the sleeping moon lived to shine . 
 the city had hushed and the wind had become still as only the dead can be . 
 my mind had voyaged like an adventurous weathered ship as i continued to stare deep into the dark . 
 i noted how in that white room except for those strips of black that the night had entwined the colors and i could neither distinguish one from the other nor discern this from that . 
 but the knowledge lingered that tomorrow ; the sun of heaven would return , paint the leaves and the tender sky , the tender blue sky but would still leave my heart dripping black . 
 i instantly loathed the dark night for the same night that had swallowed its background light -- swallowed my one true love . 
 a distant shadowy star lingered at the far curvature of my eye , one which only reminded me of the days preceding her when stars still gleamed in the sky . 
 days when i was at ease -- days when i needed less . 
 tomorrow came but i hated the morning light and despised the very flow of time . 
 when i finally became tired of pitying myself and loathing the world , i searched for lucy . 
 i searched neither as a sad man or a mad one but one seeking for oxygen to breathe . 
 everyday my searching for her was beyond futile . 
 my ear had started twisting the slow sounds that reached them into lucy 's voice -- a voice it desperately needed to hear . 
 but not just one voice , all voices that were carried by the wind came from her . 
 my eyes deformed all light carried by the vacuum and painted her so fair before my eyes . 
 i was going mad . 
 the missing did not take pity and decide to look the opposite way . 
 rather it stared at me with evil eyes . 
 i remember how the pain of missing her evolved from an emotional pain to a physical one , a deeply cynical one . 
 i closed the curtains and turned off all light to live in darkness . 
 a beard involuntarily grew and all doors were forcibly locked . 
 i had stopped to live . 
 life had departed with her . 
 i heard a soft -- and almost -- silent knock on the door . 
 i wished to be alone , miserable and alone but something persuaded me to open . 
 the sunshine hurt my eyes . 
 i could not make out who stood still on my door . 
 a fleeting moment later i saw her . 
 there she was on my silver door , with shining eyes and shining lips . 
 staring at her with teary eyes i drank the air and the passing wind -- it was perfumed with her breath . 
 she could no longer hold in the tears she had withheld in her eyes . 
 i too could no longer cage my heart from leaping to her . 
 i held on tightly to her covering like i was catching a flight : loved her as if i was about to die for her . 
 but finally when we both could catch our breath , i looked deep into her layered eyes and i saw the one i love . 
 but unlike the time before when i imagined all possible futures , there was one i imagined without her . 
 chapter 2 the lucy rey mystery as i feared , when time progressed , like all fine art i started seeing the flaws buried within her . 
 and each day the gap between us matured and became sizable . 
 before we knew it there had been a gulf between us and my ears could no longer grab the sound of her beating heart ... she was always made for the wind , a leaf in the wind . 
 in the evolution of time , i learnt to live without my lucy rey . 
 somehow i am glad it happened as it did ... my life would have been much simpler , hardly a life to write about . 
 at first glance , blinded by its precious beauty and strolling mermaids , -lrb- no , not stunning woman but mermaids -rrb- , mermaids who could only breathe in the softness of pure water . 
 you could mistaken the carnivorous nature of sunnyside ; the city of lost dreams . 
 i have strong convictions that i have not been the first , nor will i be the last to observe this nature . 
 it preyed on the weak not on special days like sunday or tired days like monday , but on all days ; sunnyside days . 
 here i witnessed the young sparkle to replace the current and the old wither to replace the fallen leaves . 
 she had strategically positioned herself at the center heart of pretoria ; the radiant capital city of south africa . 
 my turn had come , and i too would be a victim to her piercing claws . 
 the night was fresh and humid , those pleasant nights were owls are asleep and stars are wide awake . 
 what i later discerned to be a misfortune , that day i saw it as manna from above ; a blessing from the sky . 
 i found myself among loud music , dancing souls and lots of empty bottles . 
 my initial idea was to celebrate the success of my latest book ; a lonesome and solitary life only afforded me to celebrate by myself . 
 this was when i found her or perhaps more accurately where she found me . 
 i was at the bar , trying to get a cold and soothing drink with my wallet open -- a peeking stranger could easily see that the colored papers inside the wallet had hardly any place to breathe . 
 perhaps this is what started it all . 
 `` buy me a smoke '' a voice whispered , turning around i caught glimpses of divine beauty . 
 her speaking lips assured me that the plot was about to take a sensible turn . 
 bianca and i then drank too much and spoke too little . 
 when we ever did converse , truth was not among us although at the time i was blinded to all this . 
 there was a singular moment when smoke made its way through the passages of her mouth when she told me a little about herself . 
 she had seven siblings ; all male . 
 `` i am the queen of the house , '' she said `` i wanted you to meet my father , but unfortunately he was leaving before dawn '' . 
 she then told me how since it was late and other stories my ears could not easily grasp . 
 that if i will have her , she will dine at my place tonight . 
 given that this was in agreement with what i had hoped , i readily accepted her handsome offer . 
 little did i know that this was the first string of lies , her silent lies that would lead to my life abandoning my youthful soul . 
 in my apartment we were two individuals who had drunk a bit too much and laughed a bit too loud . 
 fun and my entertaining nature soon led her to wear the natural clothes of skin . 
 it was a marvelous sight , the kind which an artist would stare bewildered . 
 but i could not help but notice the scars that her body carried . 
 this was not the scars of a rich suburban girl , whose only adventure was at a zoo , as she later came to tell . 
 these were the deformities only associated with woe and suffering . 
 but the scars on bianca 's body were perfectly sited , so my bianca , my sunnyside mermaid inspired the jaw dropping amazement of awe . 
 in the morning light , bianca 's two eyes got teary when i told her i had to go to work . 
 her arms wrapped around me as if her breathing depended on mine . 
 when i tried to convince her otherwise i could tell my words were falling on deaf ears , `` is it a sin to want to be with you ? '' 
 she asked with adorable puppy eyes . 
 soon thereafter , the yellow morning sunrise tainted , bianca and i laughed and sighed and shared a few memories of our past . 
 i still recall the innocents of her eyes , but what scared me was her guilt-ridden mind . 
 she would hold me a bit too tight as if there was something or someone she feared . 
 this reminded me of the scars on her back : at first i thought it was her father , lucas smith , a man she could not speak of without scorn on her face even when her lips smiled . 
 a call she received , reminded me of yesterday . 
 how bianca was almost famous at the club we met , the varied men who knew her by name , the varied fingers that pointed her way . 
 somehow i was oblivious to this as well , deafened by her soft and hypnotizing words falling on my ear . 
 especially how just before we left she spoke to a scar faced man with broad shoulders and dark eyes ... he glanced at me , then discretely handed her a concealed parcel . 
 perhaps my title of being a well known author convinced her that money knew me by name . 
 i believe that was when she made it her objective to mine every last penny i had . 
 she squandered my small wealth the way a child would extract honey from a jar . 
 her consuming nature did not look far in the future , as she spoiled and mutilated every tap of money that came my way ; i lost my job in the months that came . 
 and what was worse i had not written a single word since i met her , she had become my shadow -- a thing which is always there , but its reality always doubted . 
 her stories were similar ; my brother was in an accident ... i need money ; stories , stories and more hideous stories . 
 but the more i listened the more i believed , the more i became a sunnyside fool . 
 there were moments , however rare , were her eyes would not lie , moments where i could feel her presence close to my skin as if veins and arteries connected our hearts . 
 and all my entirety , the thousand molecules in my heart dwelled there for her , but this much was clear ; i had become a fool , a fool in love . 
 soon all the small wealth i had accumulated died in the night , and when the day came i turned to the few friends i had , and when friends were exhausted by time ; i turned to enemies . 
 they did less good and more harm with their sharp teeth exposed in the dark . 
 `` friends ... they made me do it '' she said one night assuming i was asleep , `` i did n't mean to do this ; i did n't mean to destroy your life '' . 
 she spoke about a rock ; those friends must have neglected to tell her how this rock , this poisonous liquid of a stone becomes your way of life once it made its way through the bloodstream . 
 `` they made me do it ; and now i am in love with my kill ... no matter how much i fight it i am madly in love with my kill . '' 
 at dawn , we were two souls one begging for forgiveness and one willing to forgive . 
 `` please get me out of this life '' she said , those eyes crying by fear and by hope of an almost bright tomorrow . 
 the one thing which led my mind to the valleys of foolishness was the hope that i could save her , the fools hope that love outweighed all things . 
 and i did , i saved her , a beautiful life we lived . 
 it was not without pain and vigor , but day by day , she instilled less and prayed more , we crawled before we could fly . 
 i loved her each time and she loved me each day . 
 there were days of sorrow were my bianca would evaporate to fade for days . 
 the voids she left entrapped my broken heart , when misery and distress would try to crawl and fill those spaces around . 
 our later blend and bond would then fade the sufferings of the past and bring joys of the present , dreams of the future . 
 for her , i sold all my possessions , and what was mine in this world i could now carry on my back . 
 it was then when i realized my mermaid 's true nature . 
 a sexy and deadly bloodsucker ; my beautiful sunnyside mermaid . 
 her eyes darkened and the door violently opened , his massive arms blotted out the outside sun on my apartment door . 
 i recognized that scared face instantly ... somehow i knew he was here for her . 
 by senseless gallantry and heroism , i opened my mouth to ask , when my mermaid was in those giant arms . 
 he said very little , in fact , i never saw his teeth . 
 only a silver blade that punctured a hole through me and as the red river of blood flowed out of me . 
 i felt my life abandoning me as they left hand in hand , my heart abandoning me as she looked and blew a final kiss of death . 
 i have little memory of what transpired when darkness and nothingness was all i managed to scrounge , except waking up in a hospice bed , with my lungs finding it difficult to breathe when oxygen had turned to toxic fumes . 
 i loved a girl , and she lied to me on one occasion , she fooled me on one occasion . 
 then within a lie she lied once more and i was fool once more . 
 i loved a mermaid ceaselessly , and she loved me sometimes , she killed me sometimes ... no place for romantics i had learnt my lesson , although i would have preferred an alternate learning curve as far as sunnyside mermaids were concerned . 
 i still carry the scar beneath my last rib ; my badge of honor , my badge of foolishness . 
 but among the varied things surrounding my beating heart , some near some far , at the rim of it all , i have come to hold my precious sunnyside . 
 but how far away was my beloved city now . 
 as i recollect that single first step . 
 i was welcomed to johannesburg city by its unpleasant foul air : that green and slimy alien air poisoning my human lungs while reminding me of distressing past days of my first love . 
 how i preferred instead the fresh smell of sunnyside roses . 
 after a few small steps from the station , i was greeted by a sickly looking boy . 
 he had a shameful look , that shameful look we dare not see . 
 i had nothing to spare for the boy , i told him . 
 but there was no truth in that vile statement . 
 my wallet was simply too far -- buried deep in my luggage . 
 a terrible habit i picked up along my lane of life . 
 the boy crept behind me like my formless shadow -- i felt his presence in the ambient air : stalking behind me as if i was a vulnerable and feeble prey estranged from its heard . 
 i trailed his path on the mirrors on the building wall . 
 those strange dark eyes glaring at me , still , he was just a boy . 
 what 's the worst he could have done ? 
 `` only if i could find a taxi '' , i thought , `` to rid myself from this uncanny shadow of a boy '' . 
 soon thereafter a yellow cab came galloping by . 
 a cab that i hoped would liberate me from that dire circumstance . 
 `` taxi '' i shouted , the gentleman halted roughly next to my feet . 
 `` kind sir , '' i said to him , `` my journey takes me to auckland park . 
 if you could take me there , i would be most grateful '' . 
 he shook his head , `` fockin tourists , '' and screeched his wheels on the dirty streets as he drove away . 
 the boy quickly prowled closer as a tiger would have pounced on its prey , ceasing on a moment of clear vulnerability . 
 `` oakland park ? '' 
 he asked , `` me know where it is . '' 
 `` auckland park , you know the way ? '' 
 `` me know the way sair , '' he said assuring . 
 `` very well , i shall appreciate your guidance greatly if you can funnel me there so to speak . '' 
 `` i carry bags , '' extending his darkened hands towards my luggage , with those long rusted nails where ants could live in . 
 `` it 's quite alright young man ; i do not wish to burden you with my luggage '' `` sair ... let jumbo carry big bag , '' as he patted himself proudly on his chest -- dust flying from his dirty shirt . 
 `` small bag carry '' `` medium bag carry ... big bag - '' `` carry , '' i interrupted him , this war-of-carrying i would not win . 
 thus i relinquished my neatly packed suitcase and laptop bag to my rather odd companion . 
 he then led the way like a faithful and ragged campus . 
 the companions we meet ! 
 like ferocious army ants , the city was filled to the brim leaving hardly any space to walk or even to breathe . 
 everyone forcibly pushing their way through , even old and crumpled women in walking sticks pushed like those vigorous juveniles . 
 in this pushing mania , a strong and beastly hand grabbed my arm . 
 it was jumbo still holding me . 
 when i turned back to look , before i could interrogate him , i heard a thunderous sound in my rear . 
 glancing back , a dreadful collision had just happened -- jumbo had saved my life . 
 i stared at him wordlessly . 
 `` me take you to oackland park , not to grave sair . '' 
 i believe he was being humorous . 
 i was grateful -- it would not have been a romantic death , if such a thing ever existed . 
 a man calmly exited from one of the collided vehicles . 
 he had blood rushing from his nose and dripping to the floor from the tip of his nails . 
 `` sir , '' i remarked , `` you urgently require medical assistance you should be lying still . '' 
 `` still do n't be a punk mei bru , just a few ribs sticking out ! '' 
 i was awe-struck in the voids of my spine when i heard his reply . 
 he struggled to reach into his back pocket with the one able hand for a lighter . 
 he then set fire on the cigarette in his mouth . 
 with white smoke from his mouth coming out concurrently with blood from his nose , he then got into his car and roughly drove away -- with one hand smoking one hand broken . 
 i then felt it : a wintry chill in that same spine . 
 this was no place for romantics . 
 `` two weeks , just two weeks , i can survive in this jungle of a city . '' 
 i reassured myself . 
 the boy called me the appropriate cab , `` car take sair to oakland park . '' 
 i gave him ten times as much as what he had asked , and by so doing i had planted a smile on jumbo 's face , one that grew as rapid tree . 
 i watched him slowly walking away -- my strange companion -- perhaps i should have asked ; what was the best he could do ? 
 the silent heroes we meet ! 
 journeying to the south , to my new home , although my body seated faithfully in the cab , my mind and dreams were still webbed in yesterday . 
 i compare the state of my thoughts to a stubborn and incurable disease , or a recurring melody in my brain . 
 she had sweetly infected my mind . 
 inside the cab , by an unfortunate incident , i found myself sitting next to a very fat chatterbox , with strings in the gaps of her teeth . 
 a lot of things spewed from her wide mouth but i do not recall hearing sense . 
 i heard words such as boredom and dullness but not amusement or sense . 
 i assure you , those were not present . 
 thus i dreamed away and thought of her . 
 the one thought that would turn a ghastly night into a day of bliss . 
 i thought of yesterday -- i thought of lu . 
 i remember our conversation being brief , only passing and our hug fleeting only discrete . 
 nevertheless her laugh extended through centuries ; and her feeling was marrow deep . 
 i first met her among my companions wherein she tried vigorously to make me laugh . 
 however , her efforts were in futility . 
 she later questioned my humor , or rather my lack of it . 
 i explained how i was departing from my beloved sunnyside the following day . 
 how this had made sadness to visit my face . 
 my infant years in the united kingdom had deformed my accent into a merger of the two ; lu found it quite refreshing when we spoke . 
 i had been busily travelling that day . 
 a few miles to the east , and not as few as it was in the other tracks and bearings , but lu had been the most beautiful thing i had seen in all daylight hours . 
 as the rest of us drank the night away , her moral compass did not sway . 
 `` why did i have to go to leave her there ? '' 
 she became sad when i announced it . 
 but her smile quickly returned when i told her i shall endeavor to see her once more . 
 at last , i had reached my destination -- auckland park . 
 i stepped back a few steps to inspect my new home . 
 i found it to be a clean white house with a rather quaint door knob . 
 upon entering i found myself staring at an ancient , roman numeric clock . 
 it was positioned fixed to the right of a poem on a wall . 
 i instantly recognized the piece - reviewers called it the most heart-felt poem written after the war . 
 or perhaps the reason i distinguished it so lucidly was because i wrote it a long time ago when i still breathed poetry through my lips . 
 i planted my bags in my venerable aired room which was fit for a prince . 
 a glass of wine and soft music soon followed , while summoning remembrance of how every house had high walls and multiple locks installed , they seemed to be sheltered from goblins and mongrels -- ghastly creatures of the night . 
 i was to wake up at the break of dawn , 6:30 a.m. to be precise and march to the seminar . 
 my topic was romantic literature , a subject i had reinvented in the years following fiona ; a thing which now lived and breathed through me . 
 i readily accepted their proposal when they asked me to teach romanticism to their pupils at wits university . 
 my plot was to give rise to a new generation of romantic beings . 
 to implant upon their minds and sinew the 207th bone : the long lost romantic bone . 
 like planting the last seed of a beautiful flower , i would place this one into their hearts and see it grow . 
 i knew that i owed it to myself and the ancient romantics of the past who came before my time to perpetuate our species . 
 a few minutes after midnight , i heard a hard knock on the door . 
 the strange thing was that i was sure to have locked the small white gate outside . 
 `` or did i ? '' 
 the more i ignored the knock , the louder it grew . 
 then like a burning flame , a thought lit in my mind . 
 `` was this not why all the houses were overly secure with high walls and barricaded doors ? '' 
 `` was it creatures of the night , or even worse , men of the night ? '' 
 my general idea was interrupted when the perpetrator called out my name . 
 it brought a shallow comfort to my mind . 
 at least the goblins knew my name . 
 still in shorts and vests , i slowly opened the door . 
 to my jubilant surprise , when the moonlight hit his face , i knew instantly who it was . 
 charles , a friend i knew in times before this . 
 `` this is monde , '' he explained who i caught his eyes enquiringly addressed to mine . 
 `` we 've come to show you around , '' he said . 
 i glanced at that old fashioned clock on the wall `` fellas , not to sink anyone 's floating ship , but i am speaking tomorrow . 
 i have to be up just before the rising sun . '' 
 `` dude , who speaks like that , are you some kind of a -- '' `` romeo here is a famous writer , '' charlie interrupted . 
 `` c’mon on r , only a single round ; for old times ' sakes : '' `` for devils and snakes . '' 
 we both said concurrently ; smiles and sighs to follow . 
 i had qualms and reservations about venturing into the night but i could not bring disappointment to the face of an old and dear friend -- especially after he had travelled this far . 
 still , the things we agree to . 
 when they showed up on my door , how could i have known that we would pocket the night ? 
 make it ours , the ripened and sour fruits that this night would bring ! 
 before i knew it the wind had carried us to 7th street in melville . 
 sitting there , my back almost touching the wall , with the wooden table and few glass pieces between us , she gave me a hard stare . 
 that stare you only give to the one who you wish to know your name . 
 but i cared very little for her name or the texture of her blonde hair . 
 it was still lu who my eye wished to see . 
 her heart i needed to know and call my own . 
 but as all men of valor know , the mind has more tricks than houdini , and alcohol even greater . 
 when i slowly emptied the glass of sour liquor -- delegated to me by the charming waitress -- the mind played hoax and ruse on me . 
 but it did it so astoundingly that even politicians would not protest . 
 it leisurely took the thing in my mind : the lu in my mind and painted her face upon the blonde one who eyed me with smiling lips next to me . 
 everyone became bewildered when a jubilant and very pleasing look arrived , a countenance that came from nowhere near or close . 
 i asked her for a dance . 
 roselyn was her name . 
 although i believe occasionally , now and then , i called her lu . 
 the dance-floor was filled with human bodies singing and dancing . 
 it was as if the world was ending or someone had paid them . 
 soon after that we also started to join in the mania . 
 the rhythm changed and everyone twisted around hand to hand in pairs . 
 roselyn took my hands and placed them in hers . 
 together we swiveled with smiling eyes as the world went crazy around us . 
 like the earth and her moon , turning and turning to turn . 
 with gravity persuading us to move in pathways only she may choose . 
 we orbited around each other as only two can do . 
 she stopped and slowly came to a halt looking as if a blonde beautiful ferrari that one had to insist on riding . 
 with her hands strapped to my back she passionately kissed me like her lips were crafted from strawberry fruit . 
 still the bodies around us were turning and turning to turn . 
 like all good things , the music stopped and we returned to the company we shared . 
 `` what is your line of work ? '' 
 roselyn asked . 
 `` i write a few words on a paper '' said i humbly . 
 everybody turned away disinterested . 
 `` i am a romantic novelist , i write words that can turn into a kiss or a frown or a heartbeat '' i added `` words that can hiss through one ear and slither through the other . '' 
 i had won their interest . 
 hers even more ; it was as if i had magnified the intensity of her interest in me tenfold . 
 questions followed , flying through like spread-out bullets . 
 i always ruined the party mood when now and again i 'd glance at my wrist . 
 `` guys , its 1 o’clock . 
 i have to be going . 
 it can not elaborate enough how imperative it is that i wake up early tomorrow . '' 
 but my few good friends , alcohol and a lovely night derailed my most solid of thoughts . 
 `` you 're still going to be here for two weeks , right ? '' 
 charlie questioned , after my affirmation , he insisted that we have an epic weekend ; he was always calm in his speech and tone ... a quality i 'd always admired . 
 as i later found out `` an epic weekend '' was somewhat of a tradition to them . 
 they would buy liquor , 200 bottles at least -- mixed in with tequilas , vodkas , whiskies , and other types of narcotics : intoxicants which were not for the faint-hearted . 
 and in one perfect and lusty epic-weekend , they would lock themselves up in a house for epic tales of youth . 
 the ladies seemed to be turned on by this when he smoothly explained . 
 thereafter in synchronous sequence , they all turned to look at me , like kids looking at their uptight father . 
 i had reservations but i could use an epic tale of youth after my forlorn with sunnyside mermaids . 
 we were now heading to stones , a nearby nightclub which charles suggested we go . 
 on route , we dropped by dark city not all are welcome the welcome sign wrote . 
 `` i hope none of you is gay , '' charles said . 
 `` god forbid this is the worst place to be gay . '' 
 nobody seemed to give his statement a second thought , but i wondered what he meant . 
 driving in the dark night we saw fire ; raging flames ahead of us with people cluttered all around . 
 stopping to quench our curiosity , i now evoke that we should have passed . 
 we should have just passed . 
 people were circling , throwing , cursing and loathing , as if they circled beasts , two beasts with horns . 
 `` criminals , '' we might have all thought at first glance . 
 but far from crooks they were . 
 what i failed to understand was how dark city was notoriously known for its deep resentment towards homosexuals . 
 that is , what the sign implied . 
 they were burning two men alive . 
 all that remained now was burnt corpses holding each other through the flying ash on the darkened ground . 
 they must have loved each other through their burning flames , their curses and their vile hearts . 
 the roselyn in my arms could do little but drop a few tears to their hellish ground -lrb- perhaps in the foolish hope of purifying it -rrb- . 
 there , in dark city , i found it difficult to distinguish between men from brute beasts . 
 the dark clouds of dark city must have written , `` this is no place for romantics . 
 no place for romantic hearts . '' 
 we then drove away in silence , with a deep haze of sadness filling the empty spaces in the car . 
 nobody felt eager to go to stones anymore , not even monde . 
 it was 4p . 
 m. when we reached my gate . 
 `` should i come in ? '' 
 roselyn asked . 
 i could use some company although it would mean not catching up on outlying sleep . 
 we barely slept as she showed me her tattoo and other antiques she had . 
 she stood idly by next to a chair after reading the poem on the wall . 
 waiting there as if to say `` touch me like i 've never been touched before '' , soon she was right on my eyes , and my hand felt her cloth covered breast and fast beating heart . 
 then her lips , then the tenderness of all her god-given-gifts . 
 soon thereafter those clothes that shielded her from the outside cold were a hindrance , her nicely placed tattoos dawned here and there but they all ended at the one place i wished to go . 
 by 7:30 a.m. she passionately kissed -- her stranger in the night -- goodbye , 8:30 i spoke at the seminar and finally by 10:30 . 
 my lecture was about to commence at the university . 
 i called lu and told her that she looked beautiful today . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 she smilingly asked . 
 `` because ... it can not be any other way . '' 
 on speaking , i told her how i thought of nothing else but her . 
 `` come back , '' she said , `` sunnyside and i think of you now and then '' . 
 i was glad she missed me as i did her . 
 everything had returned to its usual state ; just two more weeks . 
 when i arrived at the venue that i was delegated to teach . 
 as if the devil found amusement by surveying me from his lonely chair . 
 at the front row , a blonde i knew so well , sat in the middle seat : her legs as i still remembered them . 
 roselyn was my student . 
 then i heard 'em , the ghosts of the city along with jumbo screaming and screeching in my ear , `` this is no place for romantics ; no place for romantics ! '' 
 `` kind sair . '' 
 chapter 4 a poem for lu before returning to my beloved sunnyside , monde thought it wise to introduce me to soweto , -lrb- south africa 's most infamous township -rrb- . 
 i had a deeply rooted conviction that i would abscond and depart with a splendid story to disclose . 
 but further off the dotted mark of truth , my arrow of belief has never landed . 
 i left only with a few swollen tears to shed for my dear country . 
 the houses they lived in , the schools they went to and the heroes they came to know . 
 society was neither grooming them for president-ship nor the ownership of the rare crown of greatness but for a trifling and petty life . 
 how when they had fulfilled their stars , bred by their environment , we had the decency to blame or point our adverse fingers . 
 my heartrending spirit was awakened when ultimately i met the one soul , who would bring a thrilled and elated smile to my face . 
 i had been wrong all along . 
 in my mind , i believed her to be nothing less than a thing my heart ached for -- the way a child 's heart aches for the sweetness of candy . 
 but beyond that , i dogmatically categorized her as just another girl with a pretty face , pretty eyes and pretty lips . 
 although i had sensed that something special existed deep within my core when i was in her presence . 
 the universe in its vast complexity and incomprehensibility , sustains itself because everything , every piece of wood , every leaf on tree or every hair on head is at its place . 
 this was how i felt when i was with her . 
 everything seemed to be at its place , the universe was at peace . 
 there she was smiling at a distance along my way , shedding internal natural light to the now dark sunnyside streets . 
 there was kindness in her voice . 
 a soft kindness you can not forge or mend from clay . 
 she told me how she was studying to be a philosopher -- a great thinker and one she was . 
 the more she spoke , the more the dogmatic and overly skewed image that i had carried in my mind , evolved into its true form . 
 lu was liberated , in every sense of the word . 
 she was not confined by the invisible cells of steel that continue to hold captive of most of our thoughts . 
 as we strolled , her and i , we spoke of the social injustices and economic challenges that hindered our beloved africa from the fruits of prosperity . 
 i recall a moment , while starring at her with bewildered eyes thinking , `` there is one that understood me and shares my vision '' . 
 our agreement was short-lived ; like dog years , we quickly came into an argument about whether such a thing as destiny existed . 
 she was a realist and i a romantic , believing only in what she could see or discern from logical truth . 
 `` destiny is just another word for privileged coincidence '' lu would say , but i wondered if this was all there was to it , whether an incident occurred in her life that made her loose all signs of faith in destiny ? 
 it was peculiar how one 's fortune could fleetingly change : the one moment i was in the cold heart of joburg , drowning in dark city ; the next embraced by my beloved , smelling the sunnyside air as if i were about to marry it and strolling with a dream on my side . 
 there are things that require great thinkers of the past to grasp or solve . 
 but , what was growing between us with every trade of slow words -- that moved in the line that joined our moving lips -- was evident to every man , dog and flying bird in the street . 
 but less evident to us , when we realized it , i told her how i had an idea . 
 an idea so sensitive so thin-skinned that it needs only be whispered from ear to ear , an idea , that we could be happy , an idea that we could fall in love . 
 she smiled to look at the empty ground . 
 `` but dear lu this idea can not consume breath and come to life unless you share it with me . '' 
 it was a night blessed as i exposed the idea of bliss hidden deep within her when lu shared my idea . 
 the next day , as it normally happens to most conversations , one topic mutated into another until we spoke of how vital and central a kiss was . 
 lu disagreed on the grounds that a kiss held no real significance . 
 she held the belief that it was merely a thing . 
 like a town we pass to reach the city , it was not an end in itself but a means to an end . 
 she also conveyed to me how in all her years she has never fallen in love . 
 when i peered further ; she divulged also how she thought she was not a fine kisser -- staring down at the rough silent concrete . 
 this could not have been true . 
 if perfect ever did existed , it would exist in the carvings of her lips -- in the smoothness of her tongue . 
 there was a singular path that brave men took to find this out . 
 how this would ruin the now perfect image i had . 
 there stood lu , her divine face in soft hand with her eyes connected to mine ; with that bright moon acting as a torch to light her face . 
 our lips then slowly met . 
 i believe the wind then cried out and god woke to stare from up above as lu and i reinvented the romantic kiss , the long lost romantic kiss . 
 still buried deep in my arms , feeling the rise of the ambient air i wondered , `` could this be it . 
 could my long and futile search to find the one we lived to find over ? '' 
 as a romantic , i always believed our sole true purpose was to find the one we would die to find . 
 how when you meet them , it becomes evident that you had only barely began to live . 
 the completeness of one 's soul never attained how one was all along a part of a greater whole : a piece in a piece of two . 
 and words such as you or me would lose all form of meaning and only we would remain . 
 new love carries a heavy load that even the strongest among us is sure to feel tiredness at the knee . 
 it is a sensation unlike any other imaginable to frail human thought . 
 that feeling of unnatural happiness : compressed in a single instant in time . 
 this was what i felt in the blue night after watching lu shrink in the distant of the night . 
 but would what i feel last till tomorrow ? 
 new love ends ; even blissful honeymoons end . 
 but i was thinking ahead senselessly as i usually do . 
 the true horror which i should have feared was not the slow deterioration of affection , but a sneakier devil that snarled not far flung . 
 i had not written poetry in quite a while but she persuaded the romantic virtuoso within me to rise and write once more . 
 on that blissful night , i composed a poem for lu . 
 although something still troubled me , i could not tell or clarify with words what it could have been . 
 the next evening , although all parts of her that i could touch and feel were breaths away as she smiled -- bewildered at the poem i wrote the night before . 
 the intangible part of her eluded me . 
 i could not feel it in our presence . 
 she was highly cultured . 
 although i admired it , i felt it punctured holes between us , holes i could not fill with sand or mend with thread . 
 i was convinced that something had been holding her back to fall in love all these years . 
 it was evident that it always existed the entire time like the soft silk sheets between us . 
 `` i know you have noticed , '' she said . 
 `` i can see it in the way you look at me . 
 if you ask me i will lie to you . 
 please do n't ask me '' . 
 as i looked down i felt like i was a falling in love with a dream : a thing you could wake up from ; a shadow on the wall . 
 and i feared the very worst . 
 a few months went by . 
 i was glad when i saw her and sad when i did n't . 
 on one memorable day i recall us encountering an elderly couple sitting in the park . 
 they were holding hands while looking into each other 's eyes . 
 it was a marvelous sight to look at maybe even partially spiritual . 
 they had occupied that particular bench at the park for more than 50 years -- we later came to know . 
 50 years ! 
 nonetheless they looked as teenagers who had just re-invented love . 
 the birds in sky above felt their presence as they circled them once or twice . 
 i decided to join them in the hopes that perhaps within them lived the old age secret -- one of lasting love : a thing as elusive as forgotten dreams . 
 perchance , i thought , i could lift this curse of temporary love off my-now tired shoulders . 
 kind and welcoming , they both were , not minding my extreme curiosity and inquisitive nature . 
 `` how did you first meet ? '' 
 i peered . 
 a gloomy smile then filled both their old and wrinkly skin , fleetingly taking years off their faces . 
 even in old age you could not miss the beauty that lived in her face . 
 she described shaun as a man , a real man and nothing less than a man . 
 the way he expressed himself and the way he moved was as the devil and a saint trapped in the same exquisite body . 
 women wished to have him -- even in their dreams , while men wished to be like him . 
 this was what they prayed for . 
 she further explained how she had nowhere to run and nowhere to hide ; like being trapped on a tiny island surrounded by his all-embracing presence . 
 the devil who wore prada was mysterious , intriguing and his sweet words melted her heart . 
 weakened her at the knees , while his physical features excited her eyes and amplified her body temperature . 
 what choice did she have but to embrace of shaun for eternity and a day ? 
 leaving the two loving souls on their bench , i was still insensible and oblivious as to how to cage and embrace tender love . 
 `` you know who i compare you too , in history ? '' 
 she said out of the blue , while we were walking away `` who ? 
 shakespeare ? '' 
 `` no , yes there are similarities , but no , casanova -- the great lover . 
 think about it '' she added i had never thought of myself as a great lover , at least not wholly . 
 some things can wake with you in the mornings and sleep beside you in the evenings without you catching a glance or a peep . 
 as i thought deeply of what she 'd said , i realized the truth in her words . 
 how i have never seen myself in the perspective of my loves . 
 i started noticing the tiniest of things : how i stroked her hair or moved in musical bearings and gazed in hypnotic manner . 
 i was a great lover , perhaps , the greatest lover to have ever walked the earth -- a thing that was paired with my romantic genes . 
 but here i was , a great romantic lover still perplexed by the workings of lu . 
 she possessed rare and precious beauty the kind bestowed upon to the most precious of all living beings . 
 this much was evident , but would i ever see the colors of her heart ? 
 would she ever cry for me , live for me ... or glow for me ? 
 how could i have been so dumb and blind and not have investigated her culture before ? 
 i realized that from birth children were paired together in matrimony for life . 
 could i ever break the invisible bonds that i now realized held her mind ? 
 opting for her , who to and not to love . 
 it all became clear ; destiny was not made for her . 
 it was an entity which blindly passed by . 
 it was a wednesday , i loved wednesdays : sitting on soft green grass , not too far from flowers of different colors . 
 there existed a form of joy within us ; i felt her heart beat as vividly as i do mine , and i knew that the diversity of our hearts was but a trick of the mind ; an illusion to the white eye . 
 it was here were all dead flowers rose and my heart inscribed her name . 
 i felt her love swiftly piercing through my skin , a feeling that i so deeply yearned . 
 her teary eyes could neither be controlled by mind , heart nor sinew . 
 i remember she loved me when her face was a breath away and her lips were lovingly close . 
 `` i can not do this '' she then said . 
 her tears had not halted to breathe . 
 she was fighting something you can not fight a thing without face . 
 lu cried for me . 
 `` his name is jack , '' she explained and continued to tell how they were first introduced as infants -- before she could even separate light from light . 
 she was taught , much like young being taught religion , how to love him and only him . 
 lu grew up with less varied futures , but only one possible future : a life with the jack on the hill . 
 i was a man from a distant land and could not fully grasp and comprehend her thoughts . 
 i met my lu on the worst possible of changing times . 
 that very year she was expected to take his hand in marriage and spend eternity with a man that i now loathed . 
 a man that now made her love to slip and fall on my fingers , slip and fall on my heart . 
 the wind , i recall , was slowly blowing in our direction , continuously , -lrb- in the hopes of drying her tears i suppose -rrb- . 
 she had a choice , she could stay with me . 
 i tried to convince her . 
 `` if i do n't return , they 'll send collectors after me . 
 trust me ; you do n't want to be around when that happens . '' 
 `` then let 's run away . 
 the destination is not important . 
 they have cars and trains and planes . 
 let 's go somewhere -- anywhere . 
 i will love you in the trains in the planes , in that vast sea . '' 
 i felt as if my life depended upon her proximity , upon her closeness . 
 she believed me , at least for a moment 's while . 
 she believed me . 
 that was when her tears dried for me , and her smile smiled for me . 
 together we sat there to plan our escape . 
 more excited lovers you could never find in blue earth . 
 the plot was to buy a ship and sail around the world -- to live like free men , to love like we lived in a fairytale . 
 out there , where there were no spears no arrows to aim for our backs . 
 when the night came we could not part , her hand refused to leave mine neither could mine hers . 
 a few small steps apart were all we could manage , before the invisible springs pulled her back into my arms . 
 did the universe know that i 'd never see her again ? 
 did my heart know it would later die and bleed in vain ? 
 was it scrounging for these last pieces of happiness ? 
 now and again , she would run to me to expose the depth of her undying love for me . 
 lu glowed for me . 
 `` look at the blinking stars , '' she said . 
 `` i will love you in the presence or absence of each gazing star . 
 gaze upon them when i 'm not in your arms , you will see the truth in those blinking stars . '' 
 i did . 
 i still do . 
 but the loveliness of summer night was neither made to last nor stay fresh in our hearts or mind or season . 
 it was the last time i ever saw her . 
 i heard varied stories . 
 others said that the collectors came and chained her to jack ; and , that they now have two daughters , two lovely daughters with their mother 's eyes -- their beautiful mother 's eyes . 
 others said that she could neither be with the one she never loved nor let any harm come to the one she ever loved , so she took her own life to join the blinking stars in the night sky . 
 perhaps one of these stories is true or none are true . 
 one thing will always remain true , i hoped , and hoping still that one day i will gaze at the glow of my sunnyside lu chapter 5 my first love in all the list of loves i can recite , among the several that mortified my heart -- and the few others that filled it with nothing less than sheer delight -- one was different . 
 that love which comes before all others . 
 before they lie , hurt to ruin you . 
 that love when you hid nothing and gave it your all . 
 the one where you loved till it hurts . 
 before you started to doubt the very existence of precious love -- we all have one , the first . 
 the very first who taught us how to love . 
 for me , her name was fortunate , but i consider myself to have been more fortunate to have met her . 
 among the astounding features mr. russell possessed , the one which stood out tall like everest was how full his cup of life was . 
 he would admire the spoken language of english as if he admired a woman -- till today he remains to be my most beloved teacher . 
 on mondays we had what he called `` the romeo epoch '' , where i would quote the most interesting literary piece that i had read the week before . 
 that day like all weeks following i stood up and quoted from the excellent texts i read . 
 there she was near the corner of my eye . 
 with my eyes and the rest of my face tediously pretending not to see her attentive eyes perusing over my every word , comma and full stop . 
 in fear of going to hell , i have to admit , i was rather quaint and strange at the time . 
 i had friends . 
 oh i had many friends ! 
 although they were all stuck on my undusted shelf in the pages of the books i read . 
 the next day in class fortunate changed seats and came to sit with me . 
 i had that feeling , the one where your lips would smile for no reason . 
 i considered it above all other moments of feeling to be the single most delightful feeling ever felt by every inches of my body . 
 her eyes held a layered story , although i found it thorny to read its tales . 
 she carried a diary where she wrote all the things which flaunted her heart in the progress of the moving day . 
 i once caught a glimpse of the contents she scribbled . 
 i saw how she quoted me in every turn of a page . 
 and , further wrote how she considered me to be the single most interesting being to ever have walked the face of the earth . 
 knowing she liked me back , made me less tense and more relaxed when we spoke . 
 she used to wait for me at the school gate in the mornings , even when i was late . 
 she would wait and we 'd both get punished . 
 in those mornings she stood by the gate i remember it not being the sun , but her face that seemed to shine . 
 i feared the leap -- the leap of telling her how i felt . 
 it was not fear of rejection or disappointment which i feared but the one of change . 
 my life was simple and safe . 
 the change she would bring might weather and sink my ship of life . 
 was it not fair to read of how one can rip one 's heart ? 
 excavating it from one 's chest to feed it to the wolves from its safe dwelling of its chest cavity ? 
 with yours being safe and intact in its protective cage . 
 so now and then i would push her away . 
 i regarded my solitude not as a heavy and miserable burden . 
 but more precisely as a safe house where nothing could hurt me ; a peep hole observation of the world outside . 
 but it soon became evident to me that i have not yet lived . 
 i have read of the brutality of war but i have neither witnessed my best friend gasping for air -- blood entwined with mud on his face -- nor the smell of piles of men after a war . 
 i have read of magnificent paintings and artists but i have never smelt or painted beauty through my hands . 
 but most importantly , i have read of love -- undying love . 
 the sonnets of shakespeare , and the poems of landon , however , i have never felt what it was like to wake up next to a dream and feel truly happy . 
 i may get hurt : my heart to bleed but for her it was a chance i would seize . 
 with her , i felt the smoothness of a kiss and the tender softness of a hug . 
 it was beyond the narrative excellence of any book or the beauty of any poetic depiction . 
 while the teacher taught , i only listened absentmindedly . 
 spending continued hours simply admiring her hair , eyes and those small ears she had . 
 i was interrupted by mr. russell who asked me to recite the most interesting thing i read in the past week . 
 `` i have read the best book ever written by the ten fingers of men , '' i told them . 
 `` i read the carvings of her lips . 
 no , not lines that connect the stars but lips ; i assure you , they are lips . 
 i read all corners of a smile , and each one that i read every hair i counted made me be . '' 
 she stood up and walked up to me like a sexy jaguar in the jungle to kiss while all my peers were starring . 
 i believe this was when i found it . 
 dear reader , there are 206 bones in the human body , all perfectly aligned , with one joining to the other in perfect harmony . 
 that day i discovered my last bone , my last romantic bone . 
 waves of rumor started to perpetuate through the school like a violent wind swaying long and slender grass in the field . 
 that day when i accompanied her home she said , `` i want you to promise me something . '' 
 `` anything '' i responded still drowned by her kiss . 
 `` i need you to promise me that you will not fall in love with me '' this was a strange thing to ask but i could not show my vulnerability thus agreeing to this misunderstood statement . 
 although i knew how late it was , i had already fallen deep and was now just drowning in her . 
 the days that were to follow , my smile hid my teeth and the sadness of my mind . 
 something caught my eye while we were filling forms . 
 fortunate stared hard at the blank space adjacent to illnesses with her pen almost touching to write . 
 after seeing how interested i was she wrote none and passed . 
 for years we loved like the world was fleeting and temporary . 
 each time she said goodbye , my eyes grew teary . 
 and i 'd call god a liar for making her leave . 
 you can hide some things but even hidden secrets find their way through the desert . 
 pieces of me died when i found out she was dying . 
 that devilish cancer , `` cancering '' away her blood ! 
 now it all became clear what she hid it from me , why she said i should not fall in love with her . 
 i remember how in the months that followed our smiles were replaced with dismay . 
 i felt varied emotions in my young heart ; yet the feeling -- the thought that my first love was dying crushed my intangible soul . 
 her mother called my house to tell me of her deteriorating illness ; that they had to take her to the hospital . 
 i reached the room she was admitted in . 
 i was still sweating from scurrying up the stairs . 
 i found her lying there with pale skin and lips . 
 her hair was now gone and hands were almost cold when i touched . 
 she tried to smile and speak for my sake although i could barely make out what she said through the roughness of her poor mouth . 
 `` what did you do to her ? '' 
 i shouted at the doctor who was present . 
 interrogating him on the opposite wall -- with my hands heavy on his white coat , i yelled , `` fix her ! '' 
 then i felt her cold hands wrapping around me . 
 her eyes were still joyful when i turned . 
 we sat there on the floor , her in my arms till the nurses dragged me to leave when visiting hours had passed . 
 in the days which followed , the hospital became my school . 
 visitation hours from 12 till 2 , the notice would say . 
 from 8 till 12 i 'd sit by the opposite street to gaze high upon her window . 
 we learned sign language so that our hands could communicate , when rules split us apart . 
 i thought about her so our hearts could beat in unison , when space hid her from my eyes . 
 we would sit and talk about never-ending aspirations : dreams and things . 
 her condition deteriorated with each day , dying with each breath that she bitterly inhaled . 
 we prayed to the man in the sky each day and each passing night , but he was deaf to our prayers and dumb in response . 
 with her rising soul , my faith and belief were leaving . 
 the nurses came to understand that the words `` visiting hours '' did not apply to me . 
 they meant very little to me . 
 mr. russell also understood and did his best to cover in my absence . 
 `` i had a dream last night , '' she said during my visitation . 
 `` i dreamt you standing here , we smiled and kissed , '' she smiled , i kissed her . 
 `` was i cool like the terminator in your dream ? '' 
 i asked her , hoping she 'd smile . 
 `` no , you were you ... the greatest man i 'd ever known . '' 
 she paused to play idly with my hands . 
 `` he has a plan ; i know you do n't believe it ... but in my dream i saw it . '' 
 she then held my face with her soft cold hands . 
 `` do n't give up on him '' . 
 with that she had breathed her last . 
 her eyes still solidified to mine . 
 i held onto her for hours to come till her blood was cold and no more tears i had to cry . 
 i cursed the one who lives in the sky . 
 and i never wasted another prayer for him to hear ` till this day . 
 but today i 'm in church no one understands why , starring at the caricature of the man on the cross ; my eyes still teary from long ago in my fledging youth . 
 with her words still ringing in my mind , `` do n't give up on him . '' 
 so perhaps i should n't . 
 chapter 6 romeo and juliet there were grey colored monkeys tumbling in the dusty gravel roads . 
 a landscape one would die for at any given day . 
 a sight one could wake up to for centuries too without getting tired of gazing . 
 as i silently stared into the lush fields i knew the course of my life was about to take an unexpected and dramatic turn . 
 from the busy city were one 's neighbors were distant strangers , you smiled at with your teeth . 
 to a small village comparable to a large extended family where everybody knew each other . 
 were one had to smile with one 's heart . 
 i came with stories of the outside world : liberating my new found peers of the endless possibilities that lied beyond the horizon . 
 the death of my dearest fortunate -- the only love i ever knew -- continued to occasionally swell tears in my eyes now and then . 
 i consoled myself with the idea that she was too beautiful and angelic for this god-forsaken world . 
 but i 'm glad destiny is never blinded by night stains , moldy stains of the night . 
 it brought me here to realize that there was another world which existed hand in hand with the civilized world i had left behind . 
 there were opaque similarities between me and a rough stone being chiseled and hammered into shape , by a true artist ; little did i know that it would be the very environment that would mend me into the last romantic dreamer . 
 here was where i met helen , a person who would poison me to chain my soul to the pits of hell . 
 but today , here was where i met juliet ; and where juliet met me . 
 small houses , shops , streets and very few cars . 
 life was slower here . 
 you could breathe and think unlike in the city where stars had died in the sky : where you could barely listen to yourself contemplate . 
 i had a strong conviction that god had stopped manufacturing beauty or bliss with fortunate . 
 but something unexpected and unthinkable happened : time . 
 in its slow progress it surprisingly brought comfort . 
 the funniest thing about time is that it has the ability to turn a stone into a diamond , beauty into dust . 
 the more days passed the more the memory seemed to haze and lighten . 
 the pain never faded , it just became bearable . 
 someone once told me that everything we learn we already knew . 
 we are simply revising and taking ownership of our knowledge . 
 i can not disagree with him -- the statement is simply irrefutable and seems wise . 
 but i do agree with the essence of it . 
 i believe i 've always been a writer -- a romantic at heart . 
 but it was my silver juliet who made me feel it in the deep feelings of my dreams . 
 i remember sitting in my newly enrolled school , my thoughts comparable to slow echo which followed sound : an echo which was still left behind in the city of johannesburg : a city i now loathed . 
 a girl then pierced through the varied bodies in uniform to waken my almost trance state . 
 `` you 're that new kid right ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` are you really from the city of gold ? '' 
 she further questioned before i could reply . 
 `` i assure you , the city is filled with a lot of varied things but gold is not among them , not anymore . '' 
 she paused awhile . 
 `` do you have a name mr. ? '' 
 `` romeo , '' she bottled a laugh when i said this , `` was it something i said ? '' 
 before she could explain , everyone gathered around at the assembly point . 
 `` i guess that 's my queue . 
 oh , i 'm juliet . '' 
 she walked away , and then looked back to catch a smile on my face . 
 that was the first time i had genuinely smiled in a long time . 
 she was a singer ; her silky voice touched us all , me more than the rest . 
 as she looked straight into my eyes the entire time perhaps i had been wrong , not all beauty had died , some of it still lived in her voice . 
 the two years that followed we grew extremely close to each other . 
 she was cultured to my deepest thoughts and some of the darkness that lingered in my eyes . 
 she was the truest of all living friends . 
 there was once a man , perhaps a scientist , before feeding his dogs he would ring a bell . 
 at first the dogs may have found it humorous or at most silly . 
 as time went by , each time he would ring the bell , saliva would spontaneously be produced in the dogs ' mouths to show that they understood that the ringing signaled food . 
 this was juliet and i. with every ring of the bell , we thought of each other as we spent every spare time we could scrounge together , speaking about nothing and everything , sometimes both . 
 the thought that juliet could be more than a friend never crossed my mind in those two years -- until on one unexpected day -- she informed me that she was seeing someone . 
 i saw him stroking her hair as they talked to each other . 
 `` she hated that '' i thought `` your doing it wrong '' ... wait was i jealous , was this what romantic jealousy felt like ? 
 i pretended that i was alright ; that the pieces which my body was composed of were still intact . 
 but the truth was only known by my four-cornered heart . 
 parts of my soul died every time i saw his rough hands caress her tender skin ; or his death-swathed breath poisoning the air she breathed . 
 pride , the hallmark of my clan , but i had to wholly swallow it if i had any chances of winning her heart . 
 i had grown to know her well : her laugh , her cry even her silent pauses between thoughts . 
 the boundary which separated friends as us was a feeble foil which could blaze at the sight of my heart . 
 how could i have possibly known that all those passing years juliet held the words , `` i am in love with you , '' just between her lips though never attaining enough zeal to pass through her lips ? 
 there i was , the master , planning a romantic scene that would linger through the ages and motivate future time travelers to return to that moment in time to witness it . 
 the boy did not deserve such closeness to those above . 
 at least i would look the creator in eye to tell him , `` you had your fun with my heart , she 's coming with me ! '' 
 in the wake of the yellow dawn , there we stood , not far from the other still not too close to the other . 
 we both could feel that something had happened . 
 something had changed . 
 before the romantic scene could commence , before words could fall out of my mouth . 
 `` i know , '' she said , hushing my lips , `` i know . '' 
 the rest was left for historians to document . 
 wise men dry their tears in the rain . 
 in the years that came i dried all her tears and shared all her laughs . 
 we would bask in the soft sun in the company of rivers and trees hours on end that flying birds would count . 
 there was my silver juliet singing to my ear through the wind . 
 we had a joyous life . 
 but a gulf was present between us like the oceans that separated drifting continents . 
 my beautiful lover had the simplest of dreams . 
 we will have a small white house with a similar colored fence not far from where we live . 
 two kids , cats and dogs . 
 once she had started to illustrate , even i could not stop her from planning our future . 
 i 'd smile to listen sometimes i too would incorporate her dream into mine . 
 but it was never to be me . 
 i had ambitious dreams . 
 i yearned for time to bow at my presence and live the life of those who lived . 
 `` an extraordinary life fitted an extraordinary man , '' i thought . 
 although this began innocently , as if it could never scratch our bubble of happiness , it grew in our hearts like cancer of the heart . 
 she knew that my stay was only temporary ; that a time would come when i had to leave . 
 we both hated the clock that progressed ever so swiftly -- with years moving at days ' pace . 
 `` why be hasty ? '' 
 i solemnly remember that previous night with the morning sun separating us -- her clenched arms refusing to let go , but i had to leave . 
 i had stories and novels for the world outside . 
 yet my juliet could not bear a day apart as her arms grew tighter around me , like a python squeezing my lungs ; her tears falling on my skin and sorrowful words rushing to my ear convincing me to stay . 
 it was only after i made a promise , a promise that i failed to keep . 
 that she tightly shut her eyes in the hopes of halting her tears . 
 she tried in futility , as i wiped her tears i promised that i shall return in a small sum of time . 
 `` promise ... ? '' 
 as she feverishly whimpered `` ... on my last breath ! '' 
 i then headed for the first time to the city of dreams -- pretoria city , where i later met with fiona . 
 i called her each passing day ; for hours we spoke . 
 but the fast moving life was not made for lover 's separated by empty space . 
 it changed me , the city darkened my eyes . 
 i called less and less till finally i stopped . 
 to set her free i told her i had met another and that i was never coming back . 
 i became a one eyed monster , a cold hearted creature fulfilling the prophecy of romeo and juliet . 
 after that they said she never sang again , i believe that was the day her music died . 
 she has a son now . 
 he has my eyes ; they all say when i visit , `` junior has romantic eyes '' . 
 when i met him with his mother , i saw my reflection in his . 
 she desperately tried to speak yet her tears on the other hand failed to stay at bay . 
 chapter 7 my last girlfriend times change , i was once a broken-hearted boy gazing at the distant space where i left a broken heart . 
 a boy who once froze , and partially died , while staring at the sight of a corpse of his beloved . 
 that boy was now a man : a famous writer in a famous city . 
 but still with boyish dreams , my few romantic ideals of true love still lingered to adulthood . 
 and i held the belief that helen would be the cure . 
 helen , where can i possibly start ? 
 perhaps i should launch this train of thought from the earliest beginnings . 
 but the beginning is so entwined with the end to confuse even the most incisive of minds as to which is which , and which is that . 
 to begin with , the idea that we could ever be more than two disparate beings would have made a stubborn cat to laugh out loud , so to speak . 
 she was my classmate and i happened to date her best friend whom the critics at the back of the classroom considered the most attractive girl in our school . 
 it was deeper than that ; i cared for the person lying beneath all the looks ; but this story is not about her . 
 this story is about helen . 
 besides the latter obvious hindrances , she was the skinniest person i had ever rested my eyes on . 
 as it always happens to the best of us in life , helen had to relocate . 
 she left home to pretoria : a city i was to be acquainted with in future years . 
 i would be telling a lie if i said the thought of her lived or at least visited my mind while she was away , while my face rested calmly in the soft hands of my juliet , except perhaps for occasional remembrances of old times passed . 
 seven long years had elapsed until by immaculate design , destiny or chance , our paths crossed to touch . 
 not in pretoria but at the place that we first met . 
 at first i could barely recognize her . 
 her eyes and lips and body , especially her body , had changed . 
 she spoke in a manner which enticed the ear to listen eagerly -- her words slithering through one ear and being entrapped in the other . 
 we had a good laugh , after she told me who she was . 
 we reminisced about how i used to tease her . 
 perhaps we could blame it on the exuberance of fun in the ambient air but after a few hours of conversation , she paused awhile , and said , `` you know , the funniest thing was that when you had made fun of me i would go home and cry myself to sleep each night . 
 i was a foolish girl in love with you ; in love with a dream . '' 
 i suddenly felt the winter chill crawling on my spine like a hideous eight legged spider . 
 `` you had a crush on me ? '' 
 that was all i could manage to say . 
 `` no , not a crush ; i was madly in love with you . 
 but what could i have done ? 
 you called me sticky bones '' . 
 we both laughed to sigh . 
 `` and worse than that , you belonged to my best friend ... and i know she loved you . '' 
 i stared , a writer silenced by his own archived words . 
 `` all the practiced smiles i would carry , it just became unbearable to keep at them . 
 that 's the reason i left . '' 
 with her hand now in mine `` what about now ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she denied it . 
 yet the smile that was building at the corners of her mouth gave her away . 
 we sat there without a word watching the falling stars . 
 what i liked most about helen was that she had this pure innocence that resided in her ; the kind that still believed in true love , fairytales and things . 
 she was the kind who would love you when you 're collecting the scraps of your pride and dignity on the floor ; when all about you have turned their backs and shut their sculptured ears . 
 and she did ; every day for two years , she did . 
 we had planned our future . 
 moreover , i believed that helen and i would grow old together ; that i would hold her ancient and tired hands , kiss her wrinkled forehead and love her then soft-beating heart . 
 but how could i have been uninformed that even solid brown earth , a thing so unswerving would crumble mammoth buildings to the ground , or ignite to spew wild and hellish lava ? 
 i was in love with helen or at the very least in love with the idea of her . 
 when you 've been dating someone for two years , who loved you for more than a decade , one tends to forget the most basic of things . 
 was i in love or was it an idea that was implanted in my head and evolved over shifting time to become truth carved in stone ? 
 it was the day before easter when i met lerato 's acquaintance . 
 a temperate night : the wind was moving slow and the heat was fair . 
 lerato was lost to my sunnyside streets , being only a visitor herself it was only natural . 
 she had been traversing the night in futility not finding her destination , before we met , that is . 
 `` this place is like a maze . '' 
 she said . 
 `` i just passed here a second ago '' . 
 i promised i 'd help her find north but little did i know that i was to help her find much more than that . 
 she was a professional model . 
 my god , she looked the part ! 
 light and soft brown eyes , thin bones but bulky were it mattered and that classic afro made her look like those archived pictures in the museum . 
 along the way , we spoke of ideals we held close to our hearts and those we held afar . 
 `` maybe i should have your numbers , '' she said , when we were about to part , `` in case i get lost again . '' 
 her eye stealing spirit triggered me to make wrong decisions , like giving her my numbers . 
 my surveying eye , eyed her for a moment as she slowly walked away . 
 and somehow i knew that lady destiny was not done with us . 
 two days later i received her call as drops of water were making their journey from the heavens in the strange moonlight rain . 
 `` do n't you want to see your afro queen ? '' 
 she asked while laughing . 
 i did . 
 for some reason i wanted to see her with towering intensity . 
 as i had been thinking about her ever since . 
 `` how about tomorrow when the sky has cleared ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what if it rains tomorrow , and every other day after that , will you never see me ? '' 
 the idea of never seeing her , although i knew only her given name , tortured me . 
 we met in the falling rain . 
 she was exuberant in the night rain . 
 it was on that precise moment that i felt my heart turning . 
 for two years nothing took more ownership of my red-beating heart than helen . 
 but i felt it in my chest spiraling and shifting ever so slowly and ever so diminutively to the lerato in the rain -- the beauty in the rain . 
 something about her challenged all my years with helen , our house made of nothing but bricks of future ; was challenged . 
 how i thought or the internal direction my heart chose to peek -- was durably threatened . 
 before the clock was against us , as usual , we would be far from the heavens and closer to the ground . 
 but i remember our lips meeting closer to heaven and further from the ground . 
 we sang to dance to laugh in the rain . 
 `` do you feel it ? '' 
 she asked , while i remained mesmerized at her perfectly aligned features . 
 and i felt it , like the very touch of her wet face . 
 i felt it . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` the sole greatest word in the english dictionary : passion . '' 
 she was right , none like any i 've ever felt before . 
 i compare the phenomena to a scenario where on meeting a stranger , a sense of eternal hatred emerges from whence hate came . 
 thus if i can hate a stranger without reason , then perhaps it was possible that i could love someone i had just met . 
 my theory was that i loved her before i even met her . 
 meeting her was only another event that followed . 
 in the following days , lerato and i were inseparable as twins or herds of sheep . 
 with her the laws of eternal time were betrayed by passion in the passing wind . 
 i would live countless centuries only to feel that youth still embraced our kind . 
 lerato and i had caught the shakespearean love of obsession : an outburst of passion . 
 it was now ghostly certain that i was in love with two women , and to make matters worse , two women were in love with me . 
 helen paid me a visit after the day of the rain -- when my eyes were fastened to the ground with shame after catching the sight of her . 
 for some bizarre reason she pondered about life -- the things i hoped for : my eternal dreams . 
 i kept rambling on and on about success and the direction that my life was taking , thereafter i unknowingly directed the following question upon her , `` what about you sweet love , what do you want out of life ? '' 
 `` what i want , or more precisely what i need , '' she smiled innocently as she always did `` what i pray for each night ... is for you to love me '' she took my hand , placed it on her slow-moving chest while looking at me with adorable delectable eyes , `` ... to have your heart . '' 
 a tear swelled up in my eye , she missed it , followed by thoughts of remorse . 
 i narrated a tale ; i always spoke of tales , so a tale i told . 
 there once lived a man in the old times of cecily . 
 we all know how most people can go their entire lives without finding true love , but how fortunate was he for finding not one , but two loves . 
 the tragedy -- the deep curse -- was how he loved them both at the same time . 
 to the majority of ears this might not be as dire , and not even deserve to be told in a tale . 
 but to him , the bearer of the cross of his two doves , it was hell . 
 his heart torn between two women , wanting only smiles on their faces . 
 he became sick when he realized what pleased the other destroyed the smile of the other . 
 after many years the poor man from cecily went sick and mad like the lunar moon which dances when you look away . 
 till finally he wrote letters to his two loves , to come to his chambers at noon ... when noon came the two eyed each other for the first as they looked at his self sliced heart divided in two -- one for each , at his blood filled bed . 
 `` i wished not to follow the poor man 's fate '' , i thought , while reciting the story to helen . 
 she should have known something was wrong as i only communicated my deepest thoughts through tales . 
 perhaps she chose not to see it . 
 whatever the case , the cross of the two loves weighed heavily on my back . 
 telling lerato the cecily story , she said , `` he should have closed his eyes and kissed them both ; the one he envisioned would be the one he truly loved . '' 
 it was admirable advice ; any advice was good advice . 
 so i kissed them both : my beloved helen and my exuberant lerato . 
 although i was still a man filled with confusion , one thing was certain . 
 whoever i envisioned and chose would be my last girlfriend , my very last girlfriend . 
 i had to make a decision . 
 in the boat of helen there was one that would follow you to the fires of hell : with her hand in mine saying , `` let them come , let them devils come ! '' 
 the other being the titanic : filled with ample fruits of exultance in its journey ; but perhaps also decease in the end . 
 two boats -- one secured with solid panels which would deliver me to the shore . 
 but was deliverance more important than a significant journey ? 
 these questions ran through my mind . 
 we met a rather odd lady ; the type you could not describe yet could sense that something strange was lurking within her soul . 
 she was lost though eagerly interested in our relationship than finding her way . 
 `` take care of him . '' 
 she said to lerato before she disappeared . 
 `` i thought you did n't recognize me . '' 
 lerato said . 
 `` how could i have forgotten you ? '' 
 like a cat i began to be curious as to where they knew each other from . 
 lerato explained how she met the odd lady on the very day we first encountered . 
 strange it is that were it not for her we would not have met . 
 she `` high-jacked '' lerato and roamed with her in the streets ; as if a surprise party was being assimilated for her and she was buying the currency of time . 
 later , after glancing at the time she abruptly said , `` you can go now , i 'll be ok . 
 oh , if i were you i 'd use that street '' . 
 pointing at the street lerato and i first met . 
 could lerato and i have met lady fate ? 
 she believed in god and destiny , so she was convinced that it was divine intervention . 
 even i -- a non-believer -- was convinced that the invisible forces of the universe had brought us together . 
 however , i had a decision to make . 
 it became evident what love meant , because one person loving another unconditionally and limitlessly does not constitute love . 
 love is when both hearts feel as the other does . 
 we all love in different ways in different times . 
 love is when a perfect harmony of affection is shared by two individuals . 
 my fears were confirmed when my lips touched those of helen , lerato 's picture formed in my mind . 
 it was a revelation to the thoughts at the back of my mind . 
 at that precise moment , i knew that lerato was to be my last girlfriend . 
 i assure you , there was neither a painless nor serene way to tell her -- someone who has loved me for a little more than a decade -- of how my heart loved another . 
 she broke into a violent storm of tears as if being stabbed with blunt steak knives through the chest . 
 `` there is no other possible future without you . '' 
 she said . 
 though it tore the inner bits of my soul i pretended to be cold as if bringing tears to her eyes was not enough . 
 i justified the pain that lived between us as a temporary inconvenience . 
 it was better then being with her and bringing wail and suffering to her for all the days we live . 
 i was at peace with lerato . 
 i 'd be the person who remains when all cameras shut down and everyone is away . 
 we understood each other . 
 i had never found such effortless bliss in all my days . 
 i asked her about what she had planned for the future because i would love to watch her grow old with me . 
 we got engaged at the rooftop of my building , not far from those ever present stars . 
 how wrong i was to believe our dark days were far behind , somewhere in the rear-view mirror , while we drove off to the land of happily ever after . 
 what was to be our happiest day was just around the corner , the day i would make her a romantic 's wife . 
 the basic laws of relativity did not apply to how fast news travelled to helen 's ears , hearing how another now lives her dream . 
 her visit was unexpected , begging me to denounce my love for lerato . 
 something was very wrong with her ; the helen i knew had taken a vacation , replaced by a dark angel with cold eyes . 
 `` you do n't love her . 
 tell her ... you do n't love her ! '' 
 handing the phone to me , `` it 's ok i forgive you ... call and tell her there is only one woman for you . '' 
 she was right ; there was only one woman for me , but not in the way that she had expected . 
 she grew as fierce as a tiger fighting for her cub when i refused to do as she had asked . 
 i was oblivious to the kitchen knife she held next to her spine . 
 it was not until she pointed it right at me with lethal intentions that i began to notice it . 
 somehow i was quick and i overpowered her to seize the knife , constricting her hands . 
 what i saw in helen 's eye and face could make jesus return earlier than expected ; in fear for the world . 
 `` it is not just blades that can kill you , lover boy . '' 
 she laughed derisively , teeth and jaws exposed ; looking at the glass of wine she gave me a while back . 
 `` helen , what have you done ? '' 
 staring alertly at the half-empty glass of wine that left my hand a few moments earlier . 
 her grip was getting weaker as her eyes could no longer stay fixed upon mine . 
 `` we belong together , just like the song . 
 there 's no lerato where we 're going ; just us . '' 
 my strength was now fading , like clouds and i could no longer hold her upright . 
 she was smaller ; i believe that is why she had blacked out first . 
 there we were laying on the floor , like old iron -- our bodies rusting away . 
 `` helen wake up , sweet love . 
 please wake up ! '' 
 she remained silent and lifeless on the floor . 
 my vision was becoming blurry with each passing of a second . 
 i held her hand , kissed her lips and told her how foolish i have been , how sorry i was . 
 it was as i had not envisioned it . 
 but the day had come , the day when the last romantic would die , were all love about to turn to hate ? 
 in all my years i have lived without regret , loved when love showed her brow ; my romantic dreams were now coming to an end without ever finding the one we live to find . 
 at least i had left my pieces in the list of hearts that i have known . 
 the world will remember me through these quantities of my unseen burning love . 
 let them remember how fiercely i loved ; how romantically i lived -- how i was a romantic to the very end . 
 providentially , that was the precise moment when lerato came in , welcomed by two dying lovers on the floor : hand to hand and lip to lip . 
 i would neither have held a grudge nor became a haunting ghost if she would have left us there . 
 but i am still glad that she chose to help us instead . 
 the emptiness was an intuitive sign that she was gone when i woke up in my hospital bed . 
 my lerato in the rain was gone with the rain . 
 like the man of cecily , death followed , but not death of the body but the death of my lonely heart . 
 chapter 8 us , romantics although much was utterly vague and ambiguous , i instigated to question the romantic curse of old . 
 how we can so easily find the fruits of love , nevertheless , easily suffer their loss like the feeble minded . 
 was there not one in the 7 billion breathing souls whose heart beat solely for me ? 
 with my delicate affection forever exposed to the harshness of the wind , everyone i loved seemed to evaporate much faster than boiling water . 
 love was not meant to last for my kind . 
 always preordained and intended to be blazing ; but yet passing . 
 i now accepted it and as a result : embarked on the one thing i could -- to bury myself in my work . 
 i wrote fairytale endings but deep in my sleep i understood that happily ever-after only happened in tales . 
 in real life , love , if any , was time 's fool . 
 although the inhabitants associated with my circle of life did not notice , as i always tried to wear a few smiles so that the reflection on the mirror did not seem queer . 
 deep down , i was awfully damaged and broken beyond repair : worse , i had given up on the one we live to find . 
 i could not help but feel my aloneness . 
 i was the master and conqueror of empty space ; of nothingness . 
 on the other part of the world , beyond the arc-shaped mountains and the blue colored sea , was violet . 
 i durably believed that she was the greatest poet of our time . 
 i fell in love with her use of words -- the passion that lived and breathed within her poems . 
 somehow , although i failed to find the most defined words to explain it i felt connected to her through cosmic strings of an outlandish nature ; the kind of love that can only be described by the mathematical ingenuity of those most astute among us . 
 violet was an american poet . 
 all her life she never felt an inkling of that feeling we all yearn for : that of unconditional belonging . 
 in the other part of the world , there i was -- a broken-hearted romantic writer . 
 the last true romantic wasting away like rusting steel in acidic rain tired of his heart being tormented by wolves with blood-thirsty teeth . 
 i had given myself to random women and random types of drinks . 
 little was i aware that violet fancied my written works greatly . 
 the very first communication we shared was a beautifully crafted email she sent -- with the extinction of letters in our age only a few of those still linger . 
 she was seeking permission to use one of my stories in her upcoming lecture . 
 the world was rapidly changing . 
 some of us -- dinosaurs among humans -- were barely keeping up with the daily advancements in this technological era . 
 it made it effortless and an unadorned task to share words through the gulf and vast vacuum that separated us . 
 words in bits of code soon altered to evolve into a more personal form . 
 she gazed upon my beloved sunnyside in the pictures that i transmitted to her . 
 i wandered of the culture and night life of new york city in the images she lovingly shared . 
 as time progressed , violet became the reason i held on to this thin rope of life . 
 to be the last candle light in the windy winter rain i was embraced in . 
 till today i can not tell you how she arrived at the idea of coming to south africa . 
 whether it was to see me or the landscape it remains a mystery . 
 what she told me was this : `` an unnatural form of gravity has always pulled and propelled me to the south or perhaps more specifically , to you '' . 
 it is written in the ticking laws of the universe that all time shall pass thus the day came , the one we 'd been waiting , for all the days of our lives . 
 i remember it having no imperfections . 
 there were neither clouds crying for rain nor angry wind longing to howl ; only fair sky and silent wind . 
 while i stood waiting at the airport i did not know whether i was to shake her hand or embrace her tenderly when she came . 
 i was not a man prone to nervousness but on the day of violet 's arrival all kinds of anxieties were making a mockery of me . 
 it was as if i knew that something extraordinary was about to happen . 
 my nervousness quickly took a sharp turn to the darkness when news reached my ear , that there was rough turbulence in the skies . 
 the plane violet boarded was buried in the heart of this turbulent storm . 
 i could only imagine the panic , the horror and the uncertainty that she now faced . 
 hours passed , only news which persuaded the ear to cry came forth . 
 i stared at my distant , serene and blue sky . 
 then without a warning or a whisper , it violently began to change : swirling winds and dark clouds hid flashes of light . 
 it was but a diminutive glimpse of what violet was embraced in . 
 in that hellish weather , that threatened to take my last breath of air and shred of hope , again i became keenly aware of my aloneness , my cheerless forlorn . 
 for the first time in many faithless years , i kneeled and believed in the man in the sky . 
 all his teachings , i begged and implored him just this once to gather my words in his ear and deliver her to my shores . 
 turning back with almost teary eyes there she was . 
 i can say a lot about how i came to be . 
 how i took my first fresh breath of air . 
 what more can i say ? 
 above and beyond that the first glance upon her peeking beautiful face and long wavering hair gave me my first breath of life . 
 it was evident in her smile and rushing open arms that a handshake would not suffice . 
 she was shaking like a leaf that was intimidated by the wind . 
 her eyes were wild and sad , although still gorgeous in the presence of sadness . 
 she held me as if holding on to a log in the vast blue sea , one that either held life or death . 
 it was then when i knew that if she had not travelled immeasurable distances and raging storms to find me . 
 i would have found her . 
 it was revealed in her touch , speech and thoughts . 
 that she was the one i 'd wait for countless centuries , and boundless eternity for . 
 violet was my kind -- a romantic . 
 my aloneness was now but a thing of ancient times . 
 two romantics in what she called a foreign land . 
 it did not come as a surprise when after looking around ; she said in soft sigh , `` i am home '' . 
 following her words , the clouds timidly cleared with the colors of the sun peaking in the sky . 
 i could be wrong , but the sun shined a bit brighter and the sky had a stunning blue that i had never seen before . 
 yet in all this , my violet 's sight was worth a million skies , suns and lights . 
 during dinner we could n't wait to be absorbed in each other 's anticipated sentiments . 
 i was fascinated by her every word . 
 even the silences between her words fascinated me . 
 she asked why i had stopped writing . 
 it was worse than sin to her . 
 i found words to convey the curse i was carrying . 
 soon thereafter -- with her face lighting up the dull walls of the room -- she said , `` you should write of about it ; at least your last words ; your final gift to bestow to the earth . '' 
 together , reader and writer , we spent continued months writing the last romantic dreamer . 
 with each word i wrote ; each word she read , a thing one can never take ; a thing i can not explain ; was everlastingly present between us the whole time . 
 i soon realized that all along my list of loves where preparing me for her . 
 fortunate to take a leap of faith ; fiona to see more than what the eye can see ; helen to expect the unexpected ; the list is endless . 
 i witnessed it in her eye and experienced it in the passing wind ; that one after the other , of my dear loves were building bridges and tunnels for me to find her ... all the suffering and pain so i could appreciate her ; temporary love , so i may find eternity within her . 
 at last we could now breathe having had found the one we were meant to find . 
 with all my past afflictions and tears behind me i realized that there was no truth in cynical statements such as how love was designed to bring pain . 
 being with her was more effortless than breathing , less demanding than listening to soft music , or the pleasant sight of rare painting on eye . 
 thus i carved in stone the eleventh commandment which the creator so diligently forgot , that all love was made for us . 
 in my time i have seen brilliant stars in the dazzling night sky ; awed at the beauty of changing colors of the sunset ; but in the entirety of the creator 's work , i believe her to be his greatest work . 
 and if there comes a day to wander about what had happened to us , gaze upon the brown earth and the tender blue sky ... that is where we live and die . 
 that is where you will find the last of the romantic kind . 
