 the witch who cried wolf copyright 2013 sarah mäkelä published by kissa press llc at smashwords smashwords edition license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only , then please return to smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 editor : tessa shapcott cover artist : the killion group isbn-10 : 0991046919 isbn-13 : 978-0-9910469-1-1 dedication to my wonderful husband and very own hero . 
 chapter one mia jessa 's new age shop -- eternally magick -- was empty . 
 usually , jessa was around . 
 but , right now , she was n't . 
 i leaned against the front counter , resting my forehead against the cool glass . 
 athames , crystals , jewelry and really cute dragon statues were locked in the case beneath my fingertips . 
 while i enjoyed hanging out at the shop and seeing what new potions were available , i wished jessa had given me some kind of clue as to why she wanted me here . 
 but she was my best friend and mentor ; the reason had to be important , if for nothing else to spend much needed time together . 
 i glanced over my shoulder at the wall of ingredients lining the shelves , ripe for the picking . 
 it had been a while since i 'd made a new potion . 
 maybe if i could stock up on a few things ... `` not what you 're here for , '' i whispered to myself . 
 the urge to see what she had nearly drove me away from the counter , but i held myself in check . 
 making potions was one of my hobbies . 
 i loved the creativity and excitement that went into building something from nothing , and the brief connection with my power . 
 tapping my fingers on the counter , i stared at the curtained-off backroom . 
 worry crept into my chest . 
 why was n't jessa here ? 
 she never stood me up . 
 this was n't like her . 
 `` jessa ? '' 
 usually she came right out when the bells on the door chimed . 
 biting my lower lip , i considered going into the back . 
 someone could steal things without her keeping an eye on the store . 
 `` coming , '' jessa called . 
 the black-haired and blue-eyed beauty swept into the front of the store like a hurricane of flowing skirts . 
 she always looked like she 'd just come from a renaissance faire . 
 i loved the way she dressed , but i knew that style would never be my thing . 
 my parents would think i 'd flipped my lid , and my older brother ... shudder . 
 nolan would laugh at me , probably joking with his best friend -- and my crush since forever -- ethan parker . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 i was getting concerned . '' 
 stepping around the counter , i wrapped my arms around her and she embraced me in a hug smelling of lavender and honey . 
 `` just in the back . 
 i had to wrap up a call and i guess i did n't hear you come in . '' 
 jessa smiled , but something was up . 
 she appeared a bit too eager to pretend everything was fine . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 i placed my hand on her shoulder , trying to be comforting . 
 the door chimed , and we turned in unison toward the shop 's new arrival . 
 i blinked in surprise . 
 the man towered in the doorway , over six feet of pure muscle . 
 if his shirt were a little tighter , i probably would 've been able to see six-pack abs through it . 
 what was he doing here ? 
 he strode in as if he owned the place . 
 there could be no doubt : ladies would drop their panties at his command . 
 if i did n't have a boyfriend ... stop it , mia ! 
 `` i 'm looking for the owner , '' the man said , his deep voice as smooth and sinful as his looks . 
 yet beneath his delicious exterior , something about him put me on edge . 
 the hint of arrogance in his eyes and the sharp flare of power as he walked in the room were instant triggers . 
 this guy was n't a mere mortal . 
 he was something else , but i could n't put my finger on what . 
 aside from jessa , i 'd never met anyone else with this level of power . 
 maybe i needed to get out more . 
 jessa cleared her throat , as captivated by him as i was by the sound of it . 
 `` i 'm the owner . '' 
 her voice hit all the sultry tones and she swayed her shoulders . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 i wished i could pull her aside and tell her my feelings , but that would look way too awkward . 
 `` we spoke over the phone . 
 i 'm interested in the potion . '' 
 he leaned his hip against the counter , standing only a couple feet away . 
 too close for comfort . 
 since jessa had business to take care of , i sidestepped toward the wall of ingredients , but jessa grabbed my wrist , keeping me beside her . 
 i cast her a dirty look , but she did n't pay me any attention , focusing her gaze instead on mr. way-too-sexy . 
 `` right , i do n't have any of that in right now , but this woman makes some of the best healing salves i 've seen . '' 
 jessa nudged me forward , nearly throwing me into mr. sexy 's arms . 
 glancing up his body to his eyes from so close strained my neck . 
 my five-foot-six frame probably looked tiny beside him . 
 an overwhelming sense of lust and intimidation washed over me . 
 `` hi . '' 
 i fought against a shiver . 
 mr. sexy 's lips twitched . 
 `` the potion ? 
 or ... salve ? 
 can you help me , or not ? '' 
 i looked behind me , noticing how jessa was ` busy ' tidying a few shelves that were perfectly fine . 
 a small smirk tugged at her lips . 
 `` sure , i can help . 
 what exactly do you need ? '' 
 healing potions ? 
 this was great , just great . 
 he did n't even know what he needed , nor did he know the differences between potions , salves or poultices . 
 not that many people outside of the metaphysical community did , but that was n't my fault . 
 besides , there were plenty of ways to do them . 
 it did n't help to say healing potion . 
 i knew some concoctions that cured the flu , helped with burns , even helped with migraines . 
 the man cocked an eyebrow at me as if i was stupid . 
 `` a. . . 
 healing salve . 
 are you serious ? 
 i 've told you what i need . '' 
 jessa placed her hand on my shoulder . 
 `` what she means is , what does it need to do ? '' 
 she pursed her lips , running her gaze over the man . 
 `` on the phone , you said that someone you know had some kind of ... poisoning ? '' 
 while i enjoyed making potions and other healing remedies , i could n't help but wonder why this guy was n't taking his friend to a hospital or doctor instead . 
 mr. sexy scratched the back of his neck , causing his shirt to lift . 
 my gaze skimmed his navel and part of the defined six-pack i 'd known was hiding there . 
 somehow , knowing how hot he was under his shirt calmed my nerves a little . 
 surely , he was fine . 
 maybe it 'd just been a long time since i 'd met a nice looking guy who was n't a jerk , and did n't just storm off to join the military when i needed him . 
 but ... i was so not going to think about ethan right now . 
 `` right . 
 not food poisoning . 
 lead poisoning . '' 
 something flickered in his eyes . 
 what was he hiding ? 
 `` my friend was injured when the metal got into his system , so if there 's something you could put in to help with that , too . '' 
 jessa nodded , a frown tugging at her lips . 
 `` we can help . 
 have you taken him to the hospital ? '' 
 mr. sexy narrowed his eyes first at her , then he slid his gaze to me . 
 `` he 's more into the holistic , alternative approach to medicine . 
 he 's assured me that if this does n't work , he 'll go to the doctor . '' 
 with another caress of his gaze over my body , he crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` think you can handle it , princess ? '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 for a moment , i could n't believe he was both checking me out and kind of insulting me . 
 `` yeah , i know a recipe . 
 i 'll just get the ingredients and head home . 
 when do you need it by ? '' 
 that was stupid question . 
 he 'd just told me his friend was injured . 
 there was n't time for me to mess around . 
 `` sorry , i can drop it back by a little later . '' 
 `` why ca n't you do it here and now ? '' 
 irritation hardened the set of his jaw . 
 jessa jumped in before i could say anything . 
 `` while we have the ingredients to make the salve , she would need her supplies . '' 
 she waved her hand around the store . 
 `` i do n't have everything here . 
 usually -- '' `` that 's fine . 
 i 'll be back before the store closes . 
 that 's a couple hours from now , correct ? '' 
 at jessa 's nod , mr. sexy turned on his heel and was gone before she could say anything , the bells chiming in his wake . 
 i ran a hand through my hair , staring at the door . 
 shock radiated through my chest . 
 a man i did n't know , with an injured friend who he was n't forcing to go to the hospital , wanted a potion from me . 
 too much about this situation was weird . 
 and one person had set this all up . 
 jessa widened her eyes . 
 `` do n't look at me . 
 i had no idea it would turn out as it had . 
 besides , you never really do anything with your magic . 
 i figured you would be happy to explore more of your power . 
 that 's what you want , or else you never would 've sought me out . '' 
 she tapped her chin , mischief sparkling in her eyes . 
 `` i 'll share the profits with you , fifty-fifty . '' 
 sighing , i shook my head . 
 `` i want your help with my power , but you threw me under the bus . 
 you did n't even ask me if i wanted to do this or not ! 
 you decided for me . '' 
 this day could end whenever it felt like it . 
 my bullshit limit was rapidly approaching . 
 if things were n't bad enough , i had a date with greg tonight , on top of needing to make a healing salve . 
 it would take time to get right . 
 if this guy 's friend really was in bad shape , then i needed the proper blend of herbs and supplies . 
 if i rushed this , i could end up doing more harm than good . 
 `` what ? 
 oh , come on , honey . 
 do n't be that way . 
 you know i have the best of intentions . '' 
 jessa sounded hurt , and i could n't stay mad at my best friend . 
 that would just make the whole situation worse . 
 `` fine . 
 your intentions were good , regardless of how it came across . 
 now help me get the ingredients . 
 ugh ! 
 i 'll have to put this together quick . 
 i 'm so glad my date is n't until late . 
 if greg had scheduled to pick me up when he gets off work , i 'd be majorly screwed . '' 
 i opened a jar of lavender , sniffing the relaxing scent , and felt a hundred times better . 
 jessa placed a few jars in a tan tote bag with her store 's logo on it . 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're still seeing him . 
 does n't your brother hate his guts ? '' 
 she glanced at me , a look of disapproval in her eyes . 
 `` geez ... you as well ? 
 ca n't a girl have relationship bliss without even her best friend disapproving ? 
 why does everyone have to second-guess me and my decisions ? '' 
 `` honey , it 's not you we 're second-guessing . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around me , stroking my back gently . 
 i rested my head on her shoulder . 
 `` it 's your choice in men . '' 
 i jerked away , not happy with the direction this was going . 
 `` that 's not fair ! 
 everyone has their moments of ... fine . 
 i 'm not thrilled with dating greg , but i wo n't break his heart before christmas . 
 besides , i do n't want to be alone for the holidays . 
 sue me if i 'd rather be in a lame relationship with a pushy guy , than with no one at all ! '' 
 i tugged a jar of wolf 's bane off the shelf and dropped it in the tote bag . 
 `` if you all have such a problem with me dating him , then why ca n't i do the deed after the new year ? 
 it could be a resolution . '' 
 jessa opened her mouth to give me a piece of her mind , but my cell phone chimed a melodic dubstep tune . 
 `` i 'll ring this up . '' 
 nodding , i mouthed a thank you . 
 `` hey , greg . '' 
 `` sis , if you ever call me that again , we 're going to throw down , and you know i 'd never hit a girl . '' 
 nolan 's tone was playful , but his voice resonated with a clear underlying anger at the mention of my boyfriend . 
 `` sorry , nolan . '' 
 hearing my brother 's name , jessa glanced in my direction , and i walked a little farther away from the counter . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` huh , why do you ask like that ? '' 
 mischief saturated his words , and i wished i had n't answered the phone . 
 nolan was a great brother . 
 however , behavior-wise , most people usually thought i was the older sibling instead of visa versa . 
 wonder why . 
 `` now is n't -- '' `` ethan is arriving home tomorrow . 
 i have to work late , so you do n't mind picking him up from the airport , do you ? '' 
 i sucked in a breath , surprised he was even asking me this . 
 should i turn him down ? 
 make him find someone else to handle this ? 
 `` great . 
 i 'll text you the flight info . 
 thanks , sis . '' 
 `` nolan ! '' 
 his words punched me in the gut . 
 `` nolan ? '' 
 looking at the cell phone , i gritted my teeth , seeing he 'd taken the coward 's way by hanging up once he had what he wanted . 
 when was i ever going to learn ? 
 `` honey ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 concern softened jessa 's voice . 
 i shrugged , not wanting to get into this . 
 `` no , you can talk to me . 
 what did your brother do this time ? '' 
 i headed to the register , closing the space between us . 
 `` it 's just that i have so much going on , but nolan has delegated to me the responsibility of picking ethan up from the airport tomorrow . 
 if i were him , i would have at least tried to get off work , especially since he 's known about ethan coming back home for the holidays . '' 
 letting out a sigh , i grabbed the tote bag 's handle , but jessa held onto it . 
 `` call him back . 
 tell him you ca n't . '' 
 she smiled at me . 
 `` besides , ethan is his best friend , so he should grow some balls and deal with it himself . '' 
 `` i 'll do that . '' 
 jessa 's smile turned into a glare , and i threw up my hands . 
 `` i 'll do that right now then . '' 
 digging into my pocket , i pulled out my phone and rang nolan . 
 the chime of a text came through in my ear . 
 ethan 's flight details . 
 but i only managed to get through to nolan 's voicemail . 
 `` he 's not answering . 
 grrr ... '' jessa shrugged . 
 `` if that 's the case , you 'll have to let it go . 
 it 's nolan 's problem . 
 while you love your brother , you ca n't let yourself get caught up in his faults . 
 learn to say no . '' 
 easy for her to say now , when she 'd basically done the exact same thing to me by telling me to come visit her shop and then nearly forcing me into mr. way-too-sexy 's arms . 
 `` great advice . 
 i 'll have to remember that next time something gets shoved down my throat . '' 
 pushing the tote 's strap onto my shoulder , i squeezed my hands into fists . 
 `` sorry . 
 i know you meant well . 
 you 're my friend and mentor . 
 you want me to use my magic . 
 nolan , on the other hand , is just being lazy . '' 
 while she looked a little hurt , she grimaced . 
 shame slumped forward her shoulders . 
 `` chin up . 
 it 's going to be okay . 
 especially if you were to dump -- '' `` jessa ! '' 
 were n't people supposed to chill once i got out of college instead of being so ... pushy ? 
 argh ! 
 they did n't have any right to push their agendas into my decision making . 
 * * * most of my supplies were rather dusty . 
 it 'd been a while since i 'd made a salve , even though jessa probably imagined that i made them every other day . 
 i wish . 
 if i 'd had somewhere other than the house my grandparents had left me , maybe i would have . 
 but without that other option , i preferred this place maintained its pleasant scent . 
 some of the potions i 'd concocted smelled downright awful . 
 after wiping down everything , i put my dried herbs and infused herb oil into a saucepan to simmer . 
 being in the kitchen and working on the salve freed my mind . 
 the worries of the day no longer plagued me as much . 
 the lovely scent of herbs wafted through the kitchen . 
 if i needed to make one batch for mr. sexy , i might as well double the ingredients to make some for my own uses . 
 it never hurt to have this stuff on hand . 
 the rattling of a hamster wheel drew my attention to pat . 
 the pet store had n't been sure whether he was a boy or girl , so i 'd opted for an androgynous name . 
 i thought of him as a boy , but i could n't tell with his long hair . 
 besides , the one time i had held him , he bit my finger . 
 we kept a comfortable distance now , except for when i needed to clean the cage . 
 since i was a witch , i guess that made pat my hamster familiar . 
 i smirked , shaking my head . 
 the herbs would need to sit for half an hour before i could do anything else . 
 a mischievous thought snuck into my head . 
 huh , since ethan would be back in town , i could make a love potion . 
 he could be on his knees declaring his love and devotion while i basked in satisfaction and victory . 
 maybe that was n't such a good idea . 
 knowing jessa , she might encourage me to do it , but i was n't about to risk my already shaky , non-existent relationship with ethan . 
 the more i tried to shove the thought out of my mind , the more alluring making the love potion became . 
 it had been a while since i 'd created one . 
 besides , i did n't have to use it . 
 i could sell it to jessa for the store , or keep it aside in case greg became too much of a jerk this holiday season . 
 maybe if he showed me a little more love , he 'd act better . 
 then again , that might make him worse . 
 magic could react unpredictably . 
 the saying , be careful what you wish for , strongly applied here . 
 i could work on two things at once . 
 the love potion would be easier . 
 it only required a few ingredients , an incantation , and focusing my energy . 
 the healing salve made me more nervous . 
 more things could go wrong . 
 if the love potion did n't turn out right , the person might be a jerk or not fall for it . 
 if the healing salve went wrong , it could -- la , la , la ... not thinking that way . 
 i mixed the melted beeswax into saucepan with the herbs and oil , forcing my power into the patch to try to heighten the healing potency . 
 then i removed it from the heat and strained it through cheesecloth into jars . 
 with the salve nearly done , i turned my attention to the love potion . 
 taking a few deep breaths , i cleared my mind of the stress i 'd felt crafting the healing salve and everything else that had gone on today . 
 the idea of seeing ethan tomorrow frazzled me , but instead of letting it do that , i imagined what it 'd be like to have a real relationship with him . 
 when he was with my brother , he laughed and joked around . 
 his eyes sparkled , and his face lit up . 
 they were more like siblings than nolan and i , and we were blood . 
 clenching my fists , i forced the negativity away . 
 stop it . 
 calm down and breathe . 
 taking another deep breath of the delightful herbs , i blew it out , redirecting my thoughts again to ethan . 
 he was the last person i should be thinking about when doing a love potion . 
 i lit a pink candle made of beeswax , then set about mixing sultry herbs and spices . 
 cinnamon , rosemary , lavender , cloves . 
 i chanted the incantation i 'd found in my grandmother 's grimoire . 
 within moments , the love potion was ready . 
 i just needed to pour it into a jar , then i 'd be done . 
 glancing at the clock , i grinned . 
 this had n't taken quite as long as i 'd thought , and my kitchen smelled amazing . 
 maybe jessa was right . 
 i should flex my magical prowess more often . 
 i set the healing salves to one side , the jars still too warm for a lid . 
 the pot in my hand , i carefully carried it over to the final waiting jar for the love potion . 
 my doorbell chiming made me jerk , and a splash of the love potion landed in one of the salves . 
 i blinked at the mess . 
 oh , my goodness . 
 this was horrible . 
 now i could n't sell it to jessa even if i wanted to , which i did n't . 
 but what if i used my own potion and fell in love with someone ? 
 though it was n't like i 'd be taking it in close proximity to someone else . 
 if i was injured , i 'd be holing up , not out on the town . 
 however , who the heck was at the door ? 
 no one should be here right now . 
 if they found out i was a witch making potions in my kitchen . 
 greg ... oh no . 
 that bastard could n't be here . 
 i poured the love potion into the waiting jar . 
 whoever it was would wait until i could hide everything . 
 however , the doorbell did n't ring again . 
 with the potion and salves tucked away in the cupboard , i cracked open the door . 
 no one was there . 
 on the porch , a dozen roses sat in a vase , and the rumbling of an engine drew my attention to a we do flowers van driving away . 
 greg . 
 had to be . 
 no one else would be this extravagant , and yet part of me could n't care less about receiving a dozen roses . 
 what i wanted was affection and someone to care about me , not someone always going out of their way to impress me . 
 maybe i should just be grateful . 
 this christmas season was my first with a boyfriend in my life . 
 i picked up the vase , sniffing the fragrant flowers . 
 if these had only arrived a little sooner , i could 've used some of the rose petals for the love potion . 
 i shook my head . 
 that would be wrong on so many levels . 
 my cell phone 's alarm buzzed , and i set the roses on the kitchen counter . 
 if i wanted to be at jessa 's shop on time , i 'd need to get going . 
 the note from the roses dropped onto the counter . 
 babe , something came up at the office . 
 i 'll be here later than expected . 
 let 's reschedule for tomorrow . 
 greg disappointment fluttered in my stomach , but maybe this was just as well . 
 it was n't like i needed more on my plate right now . 
 but what if this was the beginning of our relationship 's downward spiral ? 
 something came up at the office ? 
 that had to be the ultimate i 'm - having-an-affair excuse . 
 at least , it was in the movies . 
 i grabbed the non-contaminated healing salve , tightened the lid on it , and headed to jessa 's shop . 
 when i got there , jessa was leaning against the counter , her perky boobs on display for mr. sexy as she talked with him . 
 `` here she is now , '' jessa said , her gaze sliding over mr. sexy 's chest , as he turned his attention to me . 
 i smiled and held up a paper bag . 
 `` here 's the healing salve . 
 i wrote out some instructions to go with it . 
 they 're in the bag . 
 i hope your friend feels better soon . 
 if he is n't improving within a day or so , you should talk him into going to the doctor . '' 
 mr. sexy nodded , but he did n't answer . 
 instead , he peeked into the bag and cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` that 's all of it ? '' 
 i opened my mouth to say something , but jessa beat me to it . 
 yet again . 
 if she 'd wanted to be the star of the show , she should 've made the salve . 
 `` with salves , you rub it on the wound and it acts as a protective layer . 
 your friend leaves it on , and it works its ... magic , if you will . '' 
 she glanced between him and me . 
 jessa had too much fun playing the role of the sexy witch out in the open , but i did n't really like that idea . 
 if people knew our powers were n't fake , what would they do to us ? 
 would there be a modern day salem witch trials , like in ye olden times ? 
 a shiver raced through me , and i turned my attention away from the man staring straight at me , curiosity burning in his gaze . 
 `` got it . 
 i 'll show him the instructions and tell him what you said . 
 can i have your number , in case he has any questions ? '' 
 mr. sexy flashed me his winning smile . 
 there was no doubt in my mind that he wanted my number , not jessa 's , or eternally magick 's since he had to know what that was . 
 besides , a quick google search could find it . 
 `` just call the shop , but i 'm sure everything will be fine . '' 
 i waved at jessa . 
 `` got ta go . 
 i 'll see you later . '' 
 mr. sexy caught my wrist and pulled me toward him . 
 it took everything inside me not to react . 
 `` you sure i ca n't have your number ? '' 
 my jaw dropped open , and i sputtered , unable to form any words . 
 being this close to him set my body on fine . 
 power radiated down my arm from his touch , caressing my body . 
 i groaned , unable to resist his musky wild masculinity . 
 the look of hurt in jessa 's eyes snapped me back to reality . 
 `` i have a boyfriend . 
 sorry . '' 
 jerking free from his grip , i ran outside without looking back , afraid of what i 'd see . 
 chapter two mia nolan had n't answered his phone when i 'd tried him . 
 tapping my foot to the upbeat christmas music playing in the airport bookstore nearby , i waited , rather impatiently , for ethan to come out of the airport 's arrivals area . 
 my rather inconsiderate older brother , nolan , had dumped this errand on me at the last minute , heedless of my own schedule . 
 i 'd done a lot of job hunting today , and i still had my date with greg to get ready for . 
 should i ask why greg had rescheduled the date ? 
 what had come up at the office ? 
 maybe i did n't want to know . 
 i 'd begrudgingly let nolan off the hook for two reasons . 
 one , ethan was my childhood crush , whom i had n't seen for a long time due to his deployment . 
 the last time had been shortly before he 'd gone away . 
 i 'd come home to find him at my parents ' house , having lunch with them and nolan . 
 the image of him sitting there , his gaze raking over me , while his olive green t-shirt stretched thin over his muscular chest and arms , was almost too much to bear . 
 i chewed my lower lip , remembering the cold shower i 'd taken immediately upon going to my room . 
 maybe picking him up at the airport was n't such a good idea . 
 however , that led to the second reason . 
 if i did n't pick him up , he 'd have to take a taxi , and i would n't be responsible for his holidays starting off crappily . 
 he had more to deal with than my raging hormones . 
 unfortunately , aside from that one look , he remained oblivious to my existence . 
 the explanation of how my entire childhood had been . 
 i balled my hands into fists . 
 magic rose from within me , stinging my palms . 
 if i did n't cool my jets , i could be exposed for having abilities to those around me . 
 what would be even worse than having humans recognize my powers , would be if another magically inclined person did . 
 i preferred to keep my abilities as much a secret as possible . 
 the bookstore now switched to a more sensual christmas song : santa baby , with its sultry lyrics . 
 i checked the time on my cell phone . 
 grrr ... he should 've been out by now . 
 how much longer did i have to wait ? 
 the idea of making my escape before it was too late taunted me . 
 while i was a morally responsible , good girl , who would feel bad about him taking a taxi , i would n't be that torn up over it . 
 when i looked back at the security exit , ethan was slowly making his way toward me . 
 confusion knit his brows together . 
 my heart skipped a beat , and i wrestled for control with my familiar attraction for him . 
 he 'd changed , even in the nearly twelve months since he 'd been overseas , or maybe it was just my imagination . 
 broad muscular shoulders filled out his army uniform , and he was taller than i remembered . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he gripped the strap of his backpack a little tighter . 
 his gaze drifted around us , as if expecting someone else to come running up any time now . 
 disappointment ached in my chest , and i lowered my gaze . 
 who knew what other looks he 'd give to make me that much more self-conscious about my unwanted presence . 
 maybe i 'd expected more . 
 thanks for being here , mia . 
 you look great . 
 something more than what i got . 
 perhaps i needed to get past my naïveté when it came to him . 
 he could n't care less about me . 
 maybe he had some girlfriend who was busy , so he 'd asked nolan to pick him up , who had delegated the job to me . 
 but i 'd never heard of ethan being in a relationship , and my parents were always talking about him . 
 `` i 'm your ride . 
 nolan could n't make it . '' 
 i turned away from him , rolling my eyes , as i added , `` his boss would n't let him off from work , so he asked me . '' 
 behind me , ethan sighed . 
 `` i do n't know why i expected more from him . '' 
 i bit my lower lip , fully able to commiserate with him on that , yet all the while waiting for some kind of thank you ... but still it did n't happen . 
 whatever . 
 next time i should screen my calls from nolan better . 
 if only i had n't been waiting for a phone call from greg and had picked up without looking , i would n't be in this mess right now . 
 i 'd be home . 
 the silent walk to the parking garage unnerved me . 
 it made me wish i were the type of witch who used potions on unsuspecting people named ethan . 
 at this point , that love potion might be interesting , if only for the sadistic pleasure of seeing him actually interact with me , instead of keeping such a distance from me that most people might think we were n't together but just walking in the same direction . 
 but i would n't do that . 
 at least i did have someone else interested in me . 
 was i thrilled about my relationship as much greg was ? 
 no . 
 but i did n't have it in my heart to break his before christmas . 
 i focused so much on my thoughts that i was n't paying attention to my surroundings . 
 mistake number one . 
 however , something really was not right . 
 perhaps i was overreacting . 
 that had to be it . 
 why would anyone come after me at the airport ? 
 lunacy . 
 i had n't done anything to anyone . 
 however , i opened my third eye , letting my senses drift over my surroundings to pinpoint the disturbance . 
 the steady tap of ethan 's boots beside me was the only sound i heard , but -- there ! 
 the energy in the open garage spiked . 
 that was it . 
 i twisted toward the source to see who was there , but the next thing i knew , i was sailing through the air . 
 my body smacked against the side of a car . 
 pain exploded in the back of my head , and i crumpled to the ground beside the vehicle , lying on the concrete . 
 breathing had just become a lot harder . 
 groaning , i focused on pulling air into my lungs . 
 a sharp ache clenched the muscles of my back , and a small part of me wondered if something was broken , though if that were true , i would n't be able to feel my legs . 
 right ? 
 at least that 's what i told myself . 
 ethan rushed to my side , dropping his backpack next to me as he scanned the parking garage . 
 `` mia , are you okay ? '' 
 his gaze rested on me , concern wrinkling the corners of his eyes . 
 the jury was still out on that , but i would n't shrivel under his attention . 
 `` just sore . 
 be careful . 
 he is still here . '' 
 `` who is ? 
 do you know what 's going on ? 
 tell me . '' 
 the commanding tone of his voice nearly made me spill my guts -- which was n't much -- but no , i would n't do that . 
 he could n't know about the supernatural side of my life . 
 that would only complicate things for both him and me . 
 if he knew i was a real witch , i 'd never be able to face him or my family again . 
 my brother only thought i was one of those wiccans , who were into the lifestyle so they could run around in hooded cloaks through the forest . 
 disregarding his questions , i climbed to my feet and chanted under my breath , priming my magic to stop the next attack . 
 if i could ... . 
 i had n't seen my attacker . 
 i probably knew as much about what was going on as ethan did . 
 `` you should n't be getting up . '' 
 he grabbed my arm , but i shook him off , needing my full concentration on the spell . 
 behind me , the barest of noises had me spinning around . 
 i tossed a fireball from my palm that smashed into the chest of a huge grey wolf . 
 he flew off course , leaping over my head and slamming into ethan . 
 `` no ! 
 ethan ! '' 
 i swung around to face them . 
 this was so much worse than i 'd imagined . 
 werewolves were powerful , horrible creatures . 
 so violent . 
 so dangerous ... and were n't they supposed to be the thing of fiction and movies ? 
 ethan shouted in pain . 
 the wolf blocked my vision of him . 
 i shot a second , rather miniscule fireball at the wolf , hitting it in the backside . 
 the mangy mutt whirled on me with its upper lip curled back , showing sharp pointed teeth . 
 my spells were doing nothing . 
 this was what i got for allowing my magic to get so far out of use . 
 then again , when did i really have a chance to go casting fireballs in my home ? 
 the last thing i needed was to burn the place down . 
 geez ... i was damned if i did , damned if i did n't . 
 the places where i 'd hit the werewolf with the fire spells only created small charred spots in its fur and left behind the faint scent of burnt hair . 
 then again , my concentration was shit at the moment . 
 if i did n't pull myself together soon , i 'd curse both ethan and me to our deaths . 
 not something i wanted on my head . 
 i whispered a protection incantation under my breath , desperately trying to work up its strength . 
 the more i tried , the more my tongue tripped over the words . 
 the werewolf sprang toward me and i dodged out of the way , channeling my inner bullfighter . 
 i upped my energy , shutting out all distractions , and focused on growing the spell , even though i needed to know if ethan was okay . 
 fire stung my palms and hot wind blew my hair into my face . 
 fire shielded my hands like boxing gloves and i screamed in agony . 
 the werewolf skidded to a stop a few yards from me , then hurled itself on top of me at the very last minute , trying to catch me off guard . 
 i threw my last ounce of strength into the fire and punched it with my burning fists . 
 the werewolf slammed me to the ground , knocking my head against the cement . 
 i only hoped ethan would make it out of this alive , since i did n't have high hopes for myself . 
 the furry beast reared back its head and snarled , baring its long , sharp and deadly fangs . 
 it lunged for my throat , but before i could let out more than a whimper , a heavy combat boot swung past my face and into the beast 's muzzle . 
 the wolf flew off me . 
 surprise hit me in the chest and i wondered what had happened . 
 the combat boot in question rested near my shoulder , and i drew my gaze up the powerful leg to ethan 's concerned face . 
 ethan . 
 blood dripped down his torso , and my eyes widened . 
 no , no , no ... this could n't be happening . 
 he could n't be drawn into all of this . 
 if i got him back to my home , i might be able to put the healing salve on his wound and maybe stop him from going down the path fate had pushed him towards . 
 if he became a werewolf , his future would irrevocably be changed . 
 he 'd be lost to me . 
 i could n't allow that , because while he did n't share my feelings , he was almost family . 
 `` we need to get out of here , mia . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 he grabbed me by the arms and hauled me to my feet . 
 our eyes met and he stared into my gaze with a no nonsense look . 
 `` i want answers . '' 
 the growling werewolf held his ground . 
 so while ethan wanted answers , they 'd have to wait . 
 children laughed near the elevators . 
 for whatever reason , the werewolf took off , running in the opposite direction . 
 within seconds , it was gone . 
 my knees shook , and i nearly lost my balance ; only ethan 's grip kept me standing . 
 fear eased from my chest , but now i knew that a werewolf was after me . 
 at least , it appeared to be that way . 
 it 'd only lunged at ethan because i 'd thrown it off its trajectory . 
 what could i have possibly done to deserve this ? 
 how far would they go to get to me ? 
 would i be able to keep my friends and family safe ? 
 nausea roiled in my stomach , and i tore away from ethan and ran between a couple cars to vomit in privacy . 
 the less i was around my family , the less chance i 'd give the werewolves to spot my family and friends . 
 if they did n't know where they were , they could n't kill them . 
 i did n't know what to do with this mess . 
 `` you do n't seem fine . 
 let 's get out of here . 
 we should n't go to your parents , in case it follows us . '' 
 i walked back to ethan on wobbly legs , and he closed the distance between us and wrapped his arm around my waist . 
 `` let 's get you to the car . '' 
 by the time we reached the car , my strength had returned . 
 i needed to get us back to my place , but he had a point ... what if the werewolf followed us to wherever we went ? 
 where could we go that would be safe ? 
 `` i 'll drive . 
 do n't worry . 
 i know a place we can go . 
 now tell me , what that was and why did it attack you ? '' 
 he asked , leaning in to the car and buckling my seatbelt , even though i was perfectly capable of doing it myself . 
 i frowned at him . 
 minutes ago , when i 'd been there to greet him , he 'd barely said two words to me , none of which had shown too much thought or care . 
 now i was being overloaded with questions , and he was doing attentive things like fastening my seatbelt for me . 
 `` do n't give me that look . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes at me . 
 `` i 've known you a long time . 
 i wo n't sit back and pretend everything 's okay . 
 if i 'm going to help you out of whatever mess you 've gotten yourself into , then you need to talk to me . '' 
 he stood there , his face inches from mine , his hand still on the buckle of my seatbelt that was so close to my hip . 
 his lips were near enough that i only had to move forward for our mouths to touch . 
 i wanted to . 
 god , i wanted to . 
 but this was the worst time to do anything like that ... right ? 
 he was pissed , and i did n't want to feel even worse than i already did about this situation . 
 `` please , ethan . 
 i 'll tell you on the way . 
 let 's just leave . '' 
 i shivered , not exactly from the cold either . 
 although as it was a december evening , it was n't sunny and bright outside , and we had been in the open parking garage for a while now . 
 besides , the pain in my body was growing worse , and if i did n't use some of the healing salve , i 'd be feeling a whole helluva lot worse tomorrow . 
 i would have to cancel my job interview . 
 an interview that 'd likely prove as fruitless as all the rest i 'd been on recently . 
 if i 'd known getting a job after college would be this tough ... ugh . 
 `` damn . 
 you 're right . '' 
 he pulled back , his hand brushing my thigh . 
 the second it did , he froze . 
 his gaze met mine , and a spark of something i could n't place burned in his eyes . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 just like that , the moment was gone , and i was n't sure what i 'd seen . 
 chapter three ethan i threw my bag in the backseat of mia 's pristine car . 
 why the hell could n't nolan just have requested time off , instead of having his little sister pick me up ? 
 once i got to my apartment , i 'd be giving him a piece of my mind . 
 whether he liked what i had to say or not . 
 however , it did bring to the surface some things . 
 things i was n't quite sure i knew how to comprehend . 
 why had the big dog , which had looked suspiciously like a wolf , decided to attack us in the airport 's parking garage ? 
 mia was in some kind of trouble . 
 she was very careful not to explain to me about anything that had gone on . 
 besides , where had the fire come from ? 
 how did she do that ? 
 this was the exact opposite of how i 'd imagined my return from deployment would be . 
 aside from seeing mia . 
 but she was off limits . 
 chasing after my best friend 's little sister was wrong on so many levels . 
 i had a moral code to follow , even if she 'd grown into a body that took my breath away . 
 our moment in the car had been a little too close , but i had n't wanted her to mistake my reaction for something creepy . 
 the space between us had tempted me . 
 i 'd wanted to close the distance and taste her lips , but i 'd needed just to back the fuck off her . 
 i rested my forehead against the top of the car , taking a deep breath before i climbed into the driver 's seat . 
 `` talk . 
 if you 're not spilling by the time we leave the garage , i 'm doing as i said . '' 
 i threw the car in reverse , backing out of the spot , then we headed down to the first floor of the garage toward the exit . 
 `` do you understand me , mia ? 
 i 'll take you home and leave . '' 
 even in my heart , i knew i did n't want to do that . 
 protecting her from harm was important . 
 i would n't stand back while she was in danger . 
 she nodded , keeping her gaze on her lap . 
 her denim skirt revealed long , milky white legs . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know where to start . '' 
 she tugged at the skirt 's hem , before smoothing it out again . 
 `` what was that thing that attacked us ? 
 why would some dog or wolf want to attack you ? 
 the animal seemed smarter than one you 'd find in a zoo . 
 what the hell is going on ? '' 
 anger surged in me , but more from helplessness than frustration with her . 
 why was n't she talking ? 
 mia jerked and slid lower in her seat . 
 `` it was a. ... i do n't know how to say this . '' 
 i turned the corner , getting closer to the exit . 
 `` just say it . '' 
 `` werewolf ! 
 that was a werewolf . '' 
 her voice shook , and she clenched her hands into fists , keeping them on her thighs . 
 `` what the hell ? 
 are you on drugs ? 
 there are no such things as werewolves or vampires . '' 
 i muttered under my breath , not wanting to believe her . 
 `` you always did have an active imagination as a kid . '' 
 however , it did n't explain the fire . 
 `` i 'm trying to be truthful , even though it goes against my very being , since it 's not a good idea for you or anyone else to know about the supernatural community that resides all around you . 
 you 're just going to get yourself hurt . 
 more than you already have , at least . '' 
 mia 's breath came out in gasps . 
 `` please . 
 do n't press me , ethan . '' 
 while i knew mia was n't one to lie , i could n't believe what she was saying , even though there 'd been a wolf . 
 although , maybe it had been a dog with rabies . 
 weird things happened all the time . 
 maybe we were both delusional . 
 i should 've thought about the hospital sooner . 
 maybe she 'd hit her head against the car a little too hard . 
 that had to be it . 
 besides , she was getting pretty emotional and i hated seeing her cry . 
 `` do n't worry about me getting hurt . 
 i 'm more worried about your safety right now . '' 
 i glanced over at her , before turning my eyes back to the road in front of me . 
 while i wanted to drop it , i did have several more questions . 
 questions i did n't want to wait for her to answer . 
 the fire and scent of burning hair had been real . 
 she 'd been chanting and doing something . 
 what exactly had she been doing ? 
 how did it fit in with everything else ? 
 while i wanted to ask , what would she say ? 
 with her this upset , it was better to wait until she had calmed down . 
 if what i 'd seen had been real , i did n't want to piss her off . 
 if i did , she might start throwing fire at me . 
 i shook my head , not wanting to think more about it . 
 the thought of taking her to the hospital to get checked out could 've been good , but there might be too many questions asked . 
 if there were such things as werewolves ... what would that make her ? 
 a witch ? 
 frowning , i pulled to a stop , waiting for the traffic to clear on the road . 
 a few cars zoomed past . 
 well over the speed limit , from what i 'd guess . 
 when the coast was clear , i pulled onto the main road . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 she started violently coughing . 
 `` wh ... what do you mean ? '' 
 a sinking feeling weighed on my chest . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure i saw more than just the wolf attack us . 
 what did you do to it ? 
 what are you ? '' 
 mia shook her head , leaning more and more away from me , her fingers gripped the door . 
 this did n't look good . 
 when i pulled to a halt at the next stoplight , she lunged for the door handle , but i grabbed her wrist . 
 `` let go of the door , damn it . 
 talk to me . '' 
 i tried not to squeeze her wrist too hard . 
 i did n't want to hurt her , but the ferocity of her wriggling made me grip her tight . 
 `` mia , damn it . 
 we 've known each other for years . 
 calm down and talk to me . '' 
 hitting the button , i engaged the doors ' locks , trying my best to keep her in the car . 
 `` please , let me go , ethan . '' 
 she tried to pry my fingers off her wrist , but she did n't have much luck . 
 i was strong ; i had to be to fight the nation 's enemies overseas . 
 `` stop it . '' 
 her gaze flicked from my hand to the door again . 
 no way would i be letting her go , not when she 'd made it clear that she 'd jump from the car . 
 i did n't want to hurt her . 
 but i needed to make sure she did n't hurt herself either . 
 `` stop squirming . 
 i will not release you if i 'm not confident that you wo n't open that fucking door . 
 you can either settle down , or i 'll have to tie you up and throw you in the backseat . '' 
 she did n't need to know that i did n't have rope . 
 mia met my eyes for the first time since i 'd started driving . 
 her eyes widened in fear and her lips parted , the tip of her pink tongue swept over her lower lip . 
 the thought of crushing my mouth against hers filled my mind . 
 pressing my body on hers as she lay beneath me , her hands bound and her body wet and ready . 
 behind me , a car honked , and i looked up to see the light had turned green . 
 damn it . 
 if i did n't watch myself , i 'd be in for a cold shower when i got home . 
 shifting in the seat , i tried to adjust my swollen cock , which was pressed tight against my uniform , without drawing too much attention to what i was doing . 
 fucking hell . 
 this woman was going to drive me crazy before the holidays were over . 
 she leaned back in the seat , sitting incredibly still , her wrist limp in my grasp . 
 after a few minutes , i glanced over at her , making sure she was n't getting into mischief . 
 instead , she was just staring out of the passenger window . 
 she chewed on her glossy pink lower lip and shook her head . 
 her breasts rose and fell with her breathing , and she leaned back against the headrest . 
 i turned onto the main road near where we grew up , where the high school we 'd graduated from was situated . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` take us to my house . 
 please , '' she said , her tone resolved if not a little sad . 
 `` i 'll look at your wound ... and ... and i 'll try to talk to you . 
 just please listen to me . 
 do n't assume i 'm trying to pull anything . 
 i 'm not thrilled about opening up about this . 
 it 's hard for me . '' 
 mia had never been very outspoken before , but she was a confident woman who rarely faltered and always seemed put together . 
 however , right now , she wore vulnerability like a cloak and i wanted to strip it away . 
 instead of turning onto my street , i made my way to her house . 
 i 'd only been there once when she 'd moved in . 
 nolan and i had done most of the work when it came to unloading her moving truck , while she and her mother had started unpacking . 
 her father had back problems , so he 'd only moved lighter things to do his part . 
 i 'd had no reason to go back there , since we did n't hang out much , aside from the occasional dinner with her and her parents . 
 i would n't have minded being with her more . 
 however , i 'd had no reason to be . 
 but seeing her again after being overseas ... there had been so many times when i 'd thought of her . 
 my parents were dead . 
 i had no siblings , so her family was my family now . 
 nolan was more like a brother to me than a friend . 
 i kept my grip on her wrist , even though she 'd stopped fighting . 
 i 'd let go when we pulled into her driveway , but how could i be sure she would n't bolt from the car . 
 however , i was a pretty fast runner , so i did n't doubt my ability to catch her if she tried to escape and lock the door on me . 
 besides , she said she 'd talk to me and look at my wound , which was hurting worse by the minute . 
 i 'd known her for years , and if she said she would talk , then she would . 
 besides , i was n't the type of guy to use force when it came to a girl ; especially not this girl . 
 looking at her darkened house , i almost wished we 'd stopped by my place instead . 
 at least then i 'd be able to have a weapon to protect us from whoever ... or whatever ... hunted her . 
 blowing out a breath , i turned to mia . 
 `` do n't move . 
 if you move toward the door , i 'll pull out of this driveway and go back to my place , then you 'll have to talk to nolan about what 's going on as well . '' 
 i knew that was a horrible idea . 
 getting nolan involved in this was n't safe . 
 however , if it was between scaring her into a cooperative mood , or not doing that , then i would make sure she did n't go off and do anything stupid . 
 `` no , you ca n't involve my brother . 
 that 's too dangerous . 
 you know that . '' 
 mia jerked in my grip , pulling at her wrist with every intention of breaking free , but i had a firm grip . 
 there was no way she would be budging from that car , not unless i wanted her to ... or if she threw a fireball at me . 
 i hoped she would n't resort to that , but if she did , i 'd have no choice but let her go off and do whatever the hell she was going to do . 
 i only hoped she 'd accept my assistance . 
 `` help me help you . 
 if you keep struggling , i 'll have to drag you through the car from the passenger seat . 
 your neighbors will get quite a show , '' i said , nodding at an older woman peeking through the blinds . 
 `` but we do n't want to draw attention , do we ? '' 
 mia widened her eyes . 
 she followed my gaze to the neighbor and shot the woman a look . 
 her demeanor immediately changed from rebellious to calm ... er ... albeit still hostile . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll play nice . 
 do n't involve my brother , and do n't you dare drag me through the car . '' 
 her lips thinned into a severe frown . 
 `` deal . 
 stay in the car . 
 i 'll open your door for you . '' 
 i started to climb out , but i paused to give her a backward glance . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 she did n't respond , just stayed still , staring straight in front of her . 
 i grabbed my bag from the back seat , even though the pain of the attack still gnawed at me . 
 standing on my feet was harder than i 'd anticipated . 
 if i did n't get attention soon , i might pass out . 
 however , if anything , i needed to stop the trickling blood leaving an ever-growing stain on my uniform . 
 chapter four mia this evening was getting worse and worse . 
 i hated being treated like this . 
 i was a woman , a witch fully capable in taking care of myself ... aside from my magic flaking out on me so badly when i 'd needed it the most . 
 as much as i hated to admit it , ethan had saved my life . 
 helplessness clawed at my throat , but i pushed the painful emotion aside . 
 usually i was n't this much of a weakling , so why did i feel that way ? 
 ugh ... the next time i spoke with nolan , i 'd be giving him a piece of my mind . 
 ethan was his best friend . 
 my brother should 've been there for him . 
 it was ridiculous that he had n't . 
 if it were n't for nolan , i would n't be in this position , where the man whom i 'd adored was now second-guessing me . 
 he suspected what i was ! 
 and he thought i needed to be protected . 
 the idea of him watching over me was n't distasteful . 
 the spark between us for that moment had made me forget about everything except the close proximity of our lips . 
 geez ... get yourself together , girl . 
 the car door opened , startling me for a moment . 
 ethan stepped aside , giving me a little space to get out but not much . 
 he might as well have put handcuffs on me , the way he acted . 
 if he got nolan in on this , i 'd never talk to him again . 
 ever . 
 besides , if i had werewolves after me , it 'd be better for me to leave . 
 even if i hated the idea of leaving behind my family and those i held dear . 
 the old woman who lived next door kept blatantly watching us . 
 she needed to learn how to mind her own business . 
 i cringed to think of what we looked like . 
 the last thing we needed was for her to call the police . 
 ethan placed his hand on the small of my back , leading me forward toward the door . 
 his touch lit a fire inside me . 
 i wanted to melt into his arms , but i 'd heard his cries of pain when we 'd faced the werewolf . 
 pissed off or not , i still needed to help him as best i could . 
 i unlocked the door , but ethan nudged me aside . 
 `` let me go in first . 
 i 'll make sure it 's safe , '' he said , his deep command not giving me much choice . 
 `` you do n't have anything to defend yourself with . '' 
 worry clenched my throat . 
 he was right . 
 what if there was a werewolf in my home ? 
 i 'd hate to see ethan get hurt worse than he already was . 
 he cut his gaze to me . 
 `` i 'm a soldier . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 as if it were n't that obvious . 
 without another word , he headed inside my dark home . 
 another thirty seconds passed , and i could n't stay outside anymore . 
 staring out into the night , i wondered if ethan was safe -- or if i was , for that matter . 
 what if he needed my help ? 
 what if the werewolves were outside , instead of in ? 
 i 'd be caught off guard and without his help . 
 argh ... better to stick together , regardless . 
 i peeked inside and spotted him heading upstairs . 
 man , oh , man ... if he looked in my room . 
 i had n't had time to fold my clean laundry yet . 
 he 'd see my bras and panties . 
 i scurried inside , closing and locking the door behind me . 
 if he 'd finished looking through the downstairs , at least i knew things were safe down here . 
 i hurried up the stairs , hoping to cut him off before he went into my bedroom . 
 when i hit the top of the staircase , the door to my room was open . 
 oh no ... i stuck my head around the corner at the same time ethan was walking out . 
 he grabbed me by the shoulders and pushed me against the opposite wall , before realizing it was only me . 
 i stared up at him , amazed by his reflexes and their closeness . 
 before i could stop myself , i reached up , brushing my hand over his chiseled jaw . 
 his demeanor shifted from strong and tough , to softer and more sensual . 
 `` mia , what are you doing here ? 
 i told you to wait outside . '' 
 i lowered my gaze , not wanting to see his disappointment , and to my horror , i saw the claw marks in ethan 's uniform and the blood soaking the cloth . 
 oh , god . 
 what had i been doing ? 
 he needed help . 
 fast . 
 `` i could n't wait outside . 
 not if you were in here all by yourself with who knows what . 
 besides , i need to help you . 
 you should 've told me you were bleeding this much . '' 
 tears formed in my eyes and it took all i could to hold them back . 
 he lifted my chin , forcing me to meet his gaze . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 just please stay here . 
 i want to finish checking out the house before we get too comfortable . '' 
 he straightened his spine a little but stopped , a wince tightening his facial features . 
 i hated seeing him in pain . 
 hated it . 
 `` just hurry . 
 i do n't want you to suffer anymore . '' 
 `` i will . 
 i promise . '' 
 he strode down the hall . 
 his footfalls were silent , even though he was a big , muscular man in combat boots . 
 i leaned back against the wall . 
 my pulse raced in at the sight of him , so sexy ... so confident . 
 no wonder he 'd gotten as many promotions as he had . 
 he was the epitome of the tough , deadly male . 
 this had been the most we 'd talked in our many years of knowing each other , and i wondered for a moment if that would all change once he walked out the door . 
 would he spend the rest of his holidays with nolan , or doing whatever he 'd planned to do ? 
 however , if he did ... what would happen to me ? 
 i still did n't have a clue why that werewolf was after me . 
 no ! 
 do n't get caught up in ethan . 
 hopefully the werewolves did n't know more about me , like where my loved ones lived . 
 if they did , i 'd be forced to use whatever meager power i had against them , and that was n't overly much , from the looks of it . 
 if i had any chance of surviving , i needed to make sure my powers were at their full capacity , and that meant visiting my mentor , jessa . 
 my dream was running a shop like that , but it 'd be much too dangerous . 
 it might cause people to look too closely at me , and i tried to avoid that . 
 apparently for good reason , too . 
 casting a glance down the hall , i sighed at the sight of ethan closing the door to my guest bedroom . 
 he headed in my direction , but now he pressed one hand tight against his side . 
 pain radiated from him like a dark light . 
 i closed the distance between us . 
 `` everything 's fine ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` let 's get you to the bathroom . '' 
 i opened the door to the restroom , flipped on the lights , then retrieved a few towels from the linen closet . 
 when i turned around , ethan stood in the doorway . 
 the bathroom was too small for him to slide by me and sit on the toilet lid , and we 'd have to brush against each other . 
 i did n't mind , but he did n't seem too eager . 
 hurt crept into my heart , but i had to push it aside . 
 this did n't change anything . 
 i could n't expect him to be my hero and me his damsel in distress . 
 i was n't a damsel who he needed to save . 
 he put his life on the line for a living . 
 i would n't blame him if he wanted to take a break from that kind of thing , now that he was home . 
 it was just as well . 
 he did n't need to be caught up in my problems . 
 once he left , i 'd work on fixing them . 
 it would be better that way . 
 i could concentrate on what i needed to do without my raging libido distracting me . 
 when ethan made no effort to move into the bathroom , i frowned . 
 `` sit on the toilet lid ? 
 please ? '' 
 his gaze drifted from me to the toilet right behind me . 
 `` you 're kinda in the way . '' 
 pinching the bridge of my nose , i walked toward the doorway . 
 fine . 
 if he wanted to do this , then i 'd play along . 
 i was only trying to be helpful , but he was acting as if i had the bubonic plague . 
 he moved aside , then walked into the bathroom . 
 he took a seat on the commode and watched me with his stunning blue eyes . 
 my heart leapt at the intensity of his gaze . 
 he never failed to send the butterflies in my stomach fluttering . 
 `` now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` now if you could take off the remainder of your shirt , i 'd appreciate it . 
 i 'm going to get ... uh , my first aid kit . '' 
 geez ... what would he think about me putting the salve on his naked chest ? 
 would he reject my help because i was a witch ? 
 i only hoped he was more understanding than that . 
 he cocked an eyebrow at me . 
 `` why is n't your first aid kit in the bathroom ? '' 
 `` um ... it 's , '' i tugged my lower lip between my teeth , trying to figure out how to say it , `` different than a normal first aid kit . '' 
 with that , i darted down the hall before he could ask more questions that i did n't want to answer . 
 `` fine , '' he said , more under his breath than to me . 
 i slipped back downstairs , needing to get the healing salve from the kitchen . 
 my usual hiding place was a shoebox in the guest bedroom 's closet . 
 if anyone suspected me , they 'd probably go to my room . 
 they would n't think to look in a box that used to house a pair of very expensive gucci shoes . 
 those heels were still my favorites . 
 shaking the thoughts away , i also grabbed the shoebox on my way back and headed back to the bathroom . 
 i came up short at the sight . 
 `` that 's your first aid kit ? '' 
 ethan chuckled . 
 `` do n't know if your shoes will help this . '' 
 my heart hammered in my chest . 
 i could n't respond to his skeptical quip . 
 seeing him without his shirt on and so close froze me in place , but the bite marks marring his pecs and side were a horrible sight . 
 i could n't imagine how he 'd kept calm together all this time -- and had driven , too . 
 if i did n't give him the salve and cast the charm over him , he 'd surely be lost to me as a werewolf . 
 however , part of me wondered if i were too late . 
 no . 
 i could n't think that way . 
 regardless of the way my power had let me down at the airport 's parking garage , i could only hope that i 'd be able to rescue him from this now . 
 if i could n't ... i 'd prefer not to think that way . 
 i refused to . 
 let 's just say the werewolves would have one more tool to use in exacting revenge on me then what they 'd already used , and i wanted to keep the collateral damage at a minimum and keep the people i cared about safe . 
 even if that meant never seeing them again ... `` mia ? '' 
 ethan took hold of my wrist . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 if you 're uncomfortable , i can wash this out myself . 
 i have had field training for treating injuries . 
 nothing quite like this , but i could manage . '' 
 i took a deep breath , then let it out slowly trying not to show anymore fear than i already had . 
 `` no , i 'll be okay . 
 i can do this . '' 
 i chanted under my breath , focusing all of my energy into making sure the salve was successful and healed away the possibility of the werewolf infecting ethan with lycanthropy . 
 i refused to give in , not if it meant risking both my and ethan 's safety . 
 regardless of the feelings i 'd had for ethan , he meant an awful lot to my whole family . 
 chapter five ethan mia rubbed her soft hands over my skin . 
 the intimate sensation was almost too much . 
 a small part of me wanted to stop her , but the rest of me craved her touch . 
 i 'd spent months overseas without female companionship -- yeah , there were women in the army , but i did n't view them like that . 
 those women were part of the team , and screwing around with my fellow soldiers did n't fit with my morals . 
 besides , some of women were older and married . 
 having mia right here , with her hands on my chest , made me want give in to my yearnings . 
 nolan 's younger sister . 
 those three words kept me from making moves i might regret . 
 while i saw the way she sometimes looked at me , i would n't go chasing after her . 
 if i made a move on her , that would be creepy , right ? 
 i 'd known her since she was in diapers . 
 the one time i had showed a little interest in her was when we were younger . 
 nolan and i got into a huge fistfight , only to be separated by mia , who 'd been too young to know better than to not get in the middle of two guys fighting . 
 ever since that day , i 'd shut away those feelings for her in the darker recesses of my mind . 
 i still wanted her , but it was a secret longing . 
 even if i wanted her , i could n't have her now . 
 settling down did n't suit me . 
 my job as a soldier meant a lot , and i did n't want anyone worried sick about me . 
 no kids missing their father , or wife missing her husband , especially if things went wrong and i ended up dead . 
 i 'd seen it happen too many times , and i refused to leave behind a family who depended on me like that . 
 things were better this way . 
 i wanted to advance my career , to make something of myself , instead of struggle as my parents had done for most of their lives . 
 if that meant putting in long hours or grueling months , i would do it . 
 all for the better , and my job was important : i helped to protect my country , even if i wholeheartedly disagreed with a lot of the asshattery in the government . 
 while i was n't against having short hook-ups to satisfy my needs , i refused to put my heart into them . 
 mia held that piece of me , and she did n't even realize it . 
 she glanced up at me , still chanting under her breath . 
 i strained to make out the words , but it was as if they were in another language . 
 since when did she know more than one language ? 
 she 'd struggled through french in high school . 
 a pretty pink blush spread to her cheeks when our eyes met . 
 i wanted to kiss her , to show my true feelings . 
 nolan was n't here . 
 he did n't have to know , and our relationship would probably return to what it had been before all this . 
 it would better for us to not even go there . 
 if we did , christmas dinner with her folks would be horrifyingly awkward , knowing we 'd slept together . 
 yet that did n't stop my raging desire to throw her over my shoulder and carry her to the sweetly feminine bedroom i 'd walked into earlier . 
 maybe it had been way too long since i 'd last been with a woman . 
 that had to be it . 
 there was no other reason for my feelings to explode like this all at once . 
 `` what 's in that stuff ? 
 the pain is almost gone now . '' 
 i frowned at her , noticing the sudden difference , now that i thought about it . 
 i 'd been so absorbed in other thoughts that i had n't paid much attention to the pain . 
 now it was barely there . 
 this woman had to be a witch , for all the power she possessed when it came to my heart . 
 damn it . 
 mia flashed me a smile and continued chanting , while she rubbed on a little more of the cool , balmy cream from the small jar . 
 her red hair was like a stunning flame , cascading over her shoulders , and her green eyes lit up her face , with her faint freckles dotting her cheeks . 
 what the hell ? 
 this was n't like me . 
 what was in that stuff ? 
 `` mia ? 
 i need to know . 
 what -- '' she pressed a fingertip to my lips , frowning at me . 
 closing her eyes , she held her hands close enough to my skin that i could feel the heat from her palms as she whispered another stream of foreign words . 
 a soft glow emitted from her hands , and i nearly fell off the toilet seat , but the warm sensation against my chest and side were almost pleasurable . 
 i tilted my head back , staring at the ceiling . 
 what had i 'd gotten myself into ? 
 i 'd imagined my christmas break would be relaxing , maybe somewhat boring , what with attending the festivities at the brooks ' home and not much else . 
 so far , it was beyond anything i 'd anticipated . 
 not that i minded , but i wished mia was n't in the level of trouble that i suspected , because if that was the case , then she needed to open up so i could help . 
 hopefully i was wrong , but not much pointed in that direction . 
 mia slumped forward into my lap as the glow dissipated . 
 her small hands brushed my thighs and blood surged straight to my cock . 
 damn it . 
 not the right time for me to be feeling this way . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i asked , pressing a soft kiss to her forehead . 
 my body froze . 
 i could n't believe i 'd just done that , but the action had felt so natural at the time . 
 `` i. . . 
 i 'm fine . 
 to answer your question , it was a healing ... salve . 
 i made it myself . '' 
 she gulped and blinked up at me as if she was just as surprised at the light kiss as i was . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear that the pain is fading . '' 
 she spread large bandages over the vicious wounds , averting her gaze from mine again . 
 `` will you finally answer my questions ? 
 i need to know what 's going on if i 'm to help you . 
 you ca n't leave me in the dark . '' 
 i fought the urge to cup her chin , to force her to look at me . 
 i 'd already done too much when it came to touching her . 
 she was probably feeling just as overwhelmed about all of this as i was , if not more so . 
 `` i said i would , but maybe we could find a better place to do that than here in the bathroom ? '' 
 her hands were gentle , and the more she touched me the less control i felt with her , especially when she was this close . 
 if it were n't for my pledge to her brother when we were younger , i would 've been all over her . 
 then again , that was n't exactly the kind of guy i was . 
 but a fling would 've been nice at least . 
 yet even as i thought that , i could n't imagine having a fling with her . 
 every part of me knew that i was n't the type to commit , but something about her made me reconsider my attitude . 
 `` that 's fair . 
 just do n't try to get out of talking to me . '' 
 i glanced down at myself , agitated at the blood staining my uniform . 
 i would need to get over it , though , because , right now , i had other things to worry about . 
 she climbed to her feet , then she set about washing her hands , scrubbing under her nails with a brush before drying them . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 did the ... uh , wolf ... hurt you ? '' 
 the fact the thing had been a werewolf was still hard for me to swallow , but i 'd have to come to terms with it if i wanted to help . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 only a few scratches from falling on the pavement . 
 i 'm okay . '' 
 she rubbed the remainder of the healing salve on her scraped elbow and the back of her head . 
 her eyes widened , and she dropped the jar into the sink . 
 the small glass jar clattered in the sink , but it did n't break . 
 `` oh no . 
 you 've got ta be kidding me . '' 
 her gaze drifted over to me and worry painted her eyes . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 i closed the distance between us , forcing her to look up at me , with her soft , pouty lips and delicate facial features . 
 `` i. . . 
 i just remembered something . '' 
 she chewed on her lower lip . 
 i wanted to kiss those lips , but that was n't right . 
 i was n't like this . 
 not this much . 
 not with mia . 
 `` go on . '' 
 `` when i was making the healing cream , i accidentally spilled ... something extra in it . 
 i had n't thought much about it because it was only supposed to be my emergency sta -- '' `` you did what ! '' 
 i dived at her , but she backed away and shut the door between us . 
 yanking the door open , i saw her dart toward her room . 
 `` get back here . '' 
 if we went into her room with her bed , i did n't know if i 'd be able to control myself . 
 `` did you plan this ? '' 
 that question spun her around to face me . 
 `` what ? 
 you think i planned to have a werewolf attack me while i picked you up from the airport ? 
 i did n't even want to be there . 
 i only did it because nolan forced it onto me . '' 
 her eyes widened , but the words were already out there . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i could n't believe she 'd just said that . 
 while i knew my friend had handed the gig to her , hearing mia say those words cut me to the core . 
 maybe i had n't realized about this part of her , or it 'd blossomed since i 'd been overseas , but either way , i was n't in the mood for this shit . 
 if i was such a bother to her and her damn social life , then i 'd just leave . 
 hell , i did n't even know if she had a boyfriend or not , and yet i was throwing myself at her . 
 before i knew what i was doing , i shoved past her and darted down the stairs . 
 `` no , please , ethan . 
 do n't leave . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 her hands brushed my arm , but i ignored her , not wanting to be here any longer than necessary . 
 `` stop . 
 ethan ! 
 i did n't mean to say that . '' 
 i whirled on her . 
 `` but we both know it 's true . '' 
 her mouth dropped open , and she reached out her hand to me but dropped it . 
 `` it 's better this way , babe . 
 we do n't have anything in common , aside from eating dinner at your parents occasionally . 
 once you 're out of this mess , there will be nothing further between us . '' 
 outside , a car pulled into mia 's driveway , and the fear a werewolf might attack her had my attention . 
 while she was n't in the right , i could n't leave her to suffer alone . 
 i crossed to the kitchen window to peek out , careful not to move the blinds much . 
 a man in dark slacks and a button-down shirt climbed out of his car . 
 he carried a bouquet of roses in his arms and clicked the key remote to lock his fancy luxury car . 
 `` looks like your date is here . '' 
 anger rolled through me with more force than i 'd expected . 
 part of me wanted to punch the guy and get him the fuck away from mia . 
 but no , this was her life , and i would n't screw it up . 
 the doorbell rang . 
 when mia made no attempt to answer it , i opened the door . 
 the man 's smile twisted into a scowl and he raked his gaze over me , before shifting his attention to mia . 
 he pushed past me and crossed the entryway to get to her . 
 `` mia , who is this ? 
 and what is he doing half-naked in your house ? '' 
 he grabbed her by the arms and shook her . 
 she gasped , trying to pull away from him . 
 mia did n't meet his eyes , but he held on tight . 
 `` are you cheating on me ? 
 wait , what are those bruises from ? '' 
 he swirled on me . 
 `` did you hurt her ? '' 
 `` just drop it , greg . 
 please . '' 
 tears rolled down mia 's cheeks , and i wished i could take back my words . 
 her quiet , shy demeanor had crumbled since the incident in the bathroom . 
 i could tell greg did n't like mia telling him to drop it . 
 his shoulders tensed and he turned his head to glare at her . 
 this guy left a really bad taste in my mouth . 
 why had she gone for someone like him , to begin with ? 
 maybe she really had changed since i 'd been deployed , but that did n't mean i had to like it . 
 the idea of this man mistreating her set my blood on fire . 
 `` do n't tell me what to do , mia , '' greg said , his voice an angry growl . 
 i grabbed the guy by the front of his silk shirt . 
 `` back off . 
 if she asks you to drop it , then drop it . 
 you 're in her house . '' 
 i shoved greg back a few steps . 
 instead of backing down , he launched himself right at me . 
 `` guys , please . '' 
 mia took a couple steps toward them . 
 her eyes wide in horror , and she chewed her lower lip . 
 `` do n't think you 'll be able to get away with that shit . 
 i 'm in a relationship with mia . 
 that gives me more clout to say something to my girlfriend than you . 
 so you should get out of her house , right now . '' 
 greg threw a punch , but i easily blocked it , slamming my fist into his stomach as hard as possible . 
 this asshole was really getting to me . 
 `` stop it ! 
 both of you . '' 
 mia shoved me , but i did n't budge . 
 her hands on my chest made me wonder if i was n't doing the right thing , but standing up for her was more important than sitting around pissed off . 
 greg straightened his spine and his shirt . 
 he scrunched his face in disgust . 
 `` go get ready , mia . 
 the movie starts in less than an hour . 
 i 'd planned for us to eat first , but this ... man who you have n't introduced me to is messing up our schedule . '' 
 she hung her head and pinched the bridge of her nose . 
 `` this is ethan , my brother 's best friend . 
 we 've known each other a long time . '' 
 greg wrinkled his nose . 
 `` ah , i see . 
 why the hell is he at your house nearly naked ? '' 
 `` he ... we ... i. ... '' mia looked at me with a frown . 
 `` she picked me up from the airport , and we were mugged in the parking garage . 
 thanks for the concern . '' 
 while she did n't know what to say , i was less obliged to give this jerk more information than necessary . 
 mia was in trouble with werewolves , and i did n't want to make matters worse . 
 but i hated seeing her with this fucking self-centered scumbag . 
 what the hell had been going on with her since i 'd been deployed ? 
 `` right . 
 ethan protected me , greg . '' 
 she stepped between the two of us . 
 part of me wanted to push her behind me and take charge . 
 prove my feelings for her . 
 this was so unlike me . 
 `` i really do n't appreciate you assaulting him . '' 
 she glanced over her shoulder at me . 
 greg narrowed his eyes , his hands clenched into fists . 
 `` you obviously did n't pay attention because he grabbed me first . '' 
 `` you were being an ass to her . '' 
 i would n't stand down and take this . 
 if i wanted to , i could give this guy an ass whooping , but i would n't do it because obviously mia saw something in him . 
 what that was , i could n't say . 
 `` guys , both of you , need to just leave . 
 greg , i 'm not up to going to the movies -- '' `` i bought the tickets . 
 you 're damn well going to the movie . '' 
 he puffed out his chest and encroached on mia 's personal space . 
 for all of the bravery i 'd seen from her in the parking garage with the werewolf , i had to wonder why she put up with this guy 's shit . 
 `` if she does n't want to go , then find someone else to take . '' 
 if this guy kept up with it , i 'd throw him out . 
 while i was n't happy with what she 'd said , there was no denying my feelings for her and the desire to keep her safe . 
 i could n't chalk that up to some potion right ? 
 it 's not like she 'd put a love potion in a healing cream . 
 besides , this desire for her had been for a long time . 
 however , now those feelings were almost heightened . 
 mia walked to the front door and held it open for us . 
 greg planted his fists on his hips like he was n't going to budge , but i stared him down . 
 the jerk 's lean physique could n't compare to my muscular build . 
 no doubt who the winner would be if we got into a fight . 
 greg sighed . 
 `` if this is really how you want it to be , mia , then you 'll have to deal with that decision . 
 if you want to spend the evening together , call off your brute . '' 
 that comment nearly had me swinging on him , but the utterly frustrated look in mia 's eyes stopped me from acting . 
 if this guy wanted to keep breathing , then i 'd need to leave . 
 besides , once i tracked down nolan , we would be having a nice chat about what the fuck he was doing letting his sister get involved with such an asshole . 
 nolan was a protective older brother , even to this day , so i had no idea why he put up with this . 
 i waited until greg walked out before looking back at mia from the porch , with my torn shirt and backpack . 
 `` do n't let him treat you this way , mia . 
 you deserve better . '' 
 she frowned but averted her gaze . 
 `` i know what i 'm doing . 
 he 's rather ... nice , sometimes . '' 
 sighing , she ran her hands through her hair . 
 `` do you need a ride home ? '' 
 i glanced between her and the piece of trash idling his car in the driveway . 
 `` i 'll walk , it 's not that far . 
 if there 's any trouble , call me . 
 i 'll answer . '' 
 i turned toward the street , but her soft touch drew my attention back toward her . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , ethan . 
 i was just frustrated . 
 picking you up was not a burden . 
 i could 've told him no . 
 i 'm glad you 're home . '' 
 she licked her lips , and i dipped my gaze to take in the motion . 
 `` besides , i did n't want your holidays to start off with having to take a taxi home . 
 i would n't want that for myself if i were coming home after so long . '' 
 when i looked back into her eyes , she watched me with sincerity . 
 `` thanks . 
 i really appreciate the -- '' greg honked the horn , and if it were n't for mia , i might 've pulled the asshole from the car and given him a piece of my mind ... to say the least . 
 `` -- the courtesy . 
 besides , i 'm glad i was there to help . 
 i guess . '' 
 i smiled . 
 both of us knew that she 'd been the main reason we 'd escaped the parking garage . 
 i 'd only helped a little . 
 `` see you at dinner tomorrow ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 chapter six mia i closed the door behind me , partly wishing ethan had said sorry too . 
 what could i do about it ? 
 nothing . 
 at least we 'd ended the evening acting civil toward each other . 
 the same could n't be said of greg . 
 relief lightened the load on my shoulders . 
 i 'd been so scared ethan would n't forgive me for the insult . 
 if i had it to do all over again , i 'd try to keep my mouth shut . 
 those were the absolute worst words to say , but he 'd been so frustrated with me about what i 'd spilled into the healing salve ... something i had n't wanted to confess : the love potion . 
 though it was n't as if i 'd snuck it in . 
 however , the love potion had n't seemed to even have had any effect on him . 
 me , on the other hand ... i wanted him more than i cared to admit . 
 it heightened my desire to have him in my life . 
 besides , i would have thought that the healing aspect of the potion would mellow out the love potion part . 
 i 'd learned something new . 
 even though i had pictured him falling in love with me and declaring his feelings , i had n't planned on slipping him the love potion . 
 what kind of relationship would we have if he had his free will ripped away ? 
 while i wanted him to like me , i did n't want him to be my puppet . 
 i wanted him to like him for who i was . 
 that dream looked less and less likely , now that he knew my secret . 
 however , the way ethan had acted with greg had surprised me . 
 part of me was horrified that they 'd nearly gotten into a fight , but the other part was glad he 'd stood up for me when greg had been so mean . 
 i rubbed my arms . 
 pain still ached in my bones from the way greg had held me so tightly . 
 i 'd seen a side of him tonight i had n't seen before , and it was one i was not happy about . 
 if he continued to act that way , then i 'd have no problem with letting him go before christmas , regardless of his feelings . 
 the fact he 'd been so cold to my emotions when i 'd been upset boggled my mind . 
 why push me to go out after we 'd been ` mugged ' , as ethan had put it ? 
 that really did n't sit well with me . 
 peeking through the blinds , i saw ethan walk by greg 's car . 
 he leaned down , saying something with his face screwed up with anger , then he jabbed a finger toward my house . 
 i shrunk back , trying not to get spotted , but neither man even looked in my direction . 
 greg 's features were tight and his eyes were narrowed at ethan . 
 he said a few things , and ethan shot back at a volume i could almost hear , but not quite . 
 damn it , ethan . 
 do n't start a fight . 
 instead of that , greg pulled out of the driveway and put the pedal to the metal , absurdly revving his engine . 
 ethan glanced back at the house and waved , then he walked off toward the direction of his home . 
 i wiped my hands over my face , feeling the pull of the love potion . 
 the desire to go to him , tell him how i felt , and ask him to not leave , was almost too much . 
 however , the potion was n't strong enough for me to take those actions . 
 i did n't have to obey it because i was more in control than my feelings at the moment , even if those feelings were pretty darn convincing . 
 what was i going to do ? 
 it was one thing for us having this situation in private . 
 it would be another entirely for me to have to sit through a family dinner while he was there . 
 i knew i 'd have to face christmas eve dinner with both greg and ethan . 
 unless ethan learned about greg 's presence and decided to skip it . 
 after the way my parents had treated ethan as one of their own since his own folks had died , i could n't imagine ethan skipping christmas eve dinner with people he considered as much his family as i did , if not more so . 
 i slumped on the couch then ran my hands through my hair , brushing the red strands from my face . 
 none of this even took into account the werewolves , who obviously wanted me dead . 
 if i did n't boost my magic , and soon , then i might as well plan my funeral , rather than what to wear for christmas eve dinner . 
 the small christmas tree sitting on the coffee table did n't do much to revitalize my festive spirit . 
 in fact , it made things worse , because now was the time of year when i felt the most alone . 
 when i 'd hooked up together with greg , i thought he 'd make things better , but actually he 'd only made them worse . 
 whether on a date or spending time at his house , i felt lonelier with him . 
 shaking my head , i pulled the blanket down from the back of the couch , wrapping it around myself . 
 the home phone rang , and i jumped , nearly bouncing off the sofa . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` mia , why have n't you been answering your cell phone ? 
 what 's up with ethan ? 
 did he arrive on time ? '' 
 nolan 's usually happy-go-lucky voice sounded worried . 
 damn , i had n't heard my phone . 
 maybe i did n't take it off vibrate . 
 `` he arrived on time and should be home soon . 
 why ? '' 
 `` your phone went straight to voice mail . 
 mom and dad are worried . 
 why did n't you answer ? '' 
 he refused to let up . 
 another pushy guy was the last thing i needed right now . 
 i sighed . 
 `` my phone must 've run out of juice . 
 i 've had a long day . 
 call ethan . 
 i 'm sure he wants to talk to you , especially after what you did . '' 
 from what i 'd heard at the airport , i was sure there would be a long discussion between the two . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm innocent , i swear . '' 
 nolan sounded mischievous , not innocent . 
 bastard ! 
 but i did love my brother . 
 `` right , right . 
 well , we both know that 's not true . 
 why did n't you take time off to pick up ethan ? 
 i do n't get it . '' 
 i wanted an answer . 
 his boss not letting him off work was a lame excuse -- since his boss had let him off for less . 
 it just seemed sneaky , as if he was hiding something , and when nolan was like this , it meant trouble . 
 `` what can i say ? '' 
 anger at his vague response shoved me over the edge . 
 `` stop with the bullshit , nolan . 
 i want to know why . 
 what came up that you -- '' `` sorry , sis . 
 i 'm getting a call on the other line . 
 it might be ethan . 
 thanks for everything . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 the dial tone cut off any protests . 
 i would be seeing him tomorrow night , and when i did , i 'd strangle the jerk . 
 if he wanted to play hard to get , then he had another thing coming to him . 
 i 'd find out what he was up to , whether he liked it or not . 
 uneasiness tightened my chest . 
 the similarities of nolan 's reluctance to answer a few simple questions mirrored my own . 
 however , my answers would reveal earthshaking revelations about the supernatural community existing , as opposed to whatever nolan hid . 
 ethan deserved the truth . 
 he was already wrapped up in situation with me . 
 i could use his help , and it was better for me to keep an eye on him . 
 if he displayed any lunar tendencies , i needed to act before anyone else found out . 
 i tossed the phone on the couch , not bothering to put it back on the cradle . 
 if my purse had n't been in the entryway , i would 've gone to check my cell phone to see how many messages had been left for me . 
 knowing my parents and brother , there would be plenty . 
 the most memorable event of the day was ethan kissing me . 
 feeling his lips on my skin had been like a caress from heaven . 
 errr ... maybe the love potion had been stronger when mixed with the healing salve than i realized . 
 chapter seven ethan i walked up the sidewalk to what used to be my parents ' house . 
 a sign staked in the yard said welcome home in big letters . 
 damn . 
 mia and nolan 's parents were so nice to me . 
 sometimes i did n't feel like i deserved all of the affection they gave . 
 i was n't their son , even though they were like parents to me after mine died when a drunk driver hit them . 
 nolan was perched on the porch talking on his cell phone . 
 when he noticed me walking up , he said a few more words and hung up the phone . 
 `` hmm ... i 'm guessing what mia told me was n't true , that you arrived home and everything 's fine ? '' 
 getting up to greet me , he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` what happened to your uniform ? '' 
 the not so great thing about having nolan as my roommate -- who lived with me predominantly to keep an eye on the house while i was deployed -- was this : i wanted to come home and not worry about anything but laying my tired ass in my own bed . 
 instead , i was getting fifty questions . 
 `` everything 's fine , '' i said , knowing nolan would n't believe me , especially with the state i was in . 
 glancing down at my chest , i noticed the claw marks under the thick cream had scabbed over . 
 that was n't normal . 
 i should n't have healed so fast . 
 damn . 
 maybe mia did have powers , aside from throwing fireballs , at least . 
 the picture of her crying while her boyfriend had walked all over her gnawed at me . 
 fucking asshole . 
 nolan put a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` dude , what the hell ? 
 no , it 's not fine . 
 you have blood on your pants and your shirt is ripped . 
 let alone the fact you 're not wearing it . '' 
 he nudged me toward the house . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's get inside . 
 you need to talk to me . 
 what did mia do ? '' 
 `` mia did n't do anything . 
 why did n't you tell me she had such an asshole boyfriend ? 
 more to the point , '' i said , whirling on my best friend , `` why have you let her keep seeing that shithead ? 
 you beat the shit out of me in tenth grade when i went through that fling . '' 
 `` greg ? 
 oh , fuck . 
 i 'm going to kick his ass for this . '' 
 anger darkened nolan 's green eyes , and he balled his hands into fists . 
 `` he never should 've been allowed to get away with this for so long . 
 once i kick his ass ... '' while i wanted to see that , i shook my head . 
 `` it was n't greg . 
 but i saw the way he treated her . 
 not well at all . 
 how can you stand back and let her take that ? '' 
 nolan cocked his head . 
 `` why do you care , all the sudden ? 
 you 've never shown much thought toward her since middle school . 
 besides , i 've tried talking to her about it . 
 she wo n't listen to me . 
 when i pushed her , she said she did n't have the heart to break up with him before the holidays . 
 he hates me , but i know mom and dad do n't like him much either . '' 
 he looked around the neighborhood , then back at me . 
 `` we 'll talk more inside . '' 
 sighing , i knew he had a point . 
 not being able to have mia in my life had sent me running in the opposite direction , but my feelings for her had never lessened . 
 the cold weather made the healing cream on my chest icy . 
 while the cool night air did n't bother me , i did n't want to get sick . 
 besides , i 'd lost some blood , so getting out of the elements would be best for me . 
 the home i shared with nolan was a typical bachelor 's pad . 
 the homey pictures and decorations from my deceased parents made it more than a house , but it was n't at all like what i 'd experienced at nolan and mia 's parents , or even mia 's home . 
 it just felt ... less than . 
 maybe because of the memories i still had of my parents when they 'd been alive . 
 they had been good friends with the brooks . 
 i wished they were still alive , but having the brooks in my life had helped a lot . 
 they 'd encouraged me like my parents would 've , but i knew they 'd also had their own children to raise . 
 they had n't been able to support me or foot the bill for my college tuition . 
 that had prompted me to go into the military . 
 there i 'd been able to get an education , have a career , see the world , and make something of myself , like my dad would have wanted . 
 if only he were around to see it . 
 i dropped my backpack onto the floor next to the door and headed for my room . 
 the desire for questioning nolan waned . 
 `` hey , where you going ? 
 were n't we going to talk ? '' 
 nolan came up beside me , putting his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` what 's going on , man ? 
 this is n't like you . 
 talk to me . '' 
 `` i will . 
 right now , i need a shower and to unwind a little . '' 
 i grabbed a change of clothes from my room , then hit the shower . 
 it was exactly what i needed . 
 hot water streamed down my body , clearing my mind . 
 i did n't want mia to be in a bad relationship . 
 what could i do about that ? 
 nothing . 
 unless greg kept acting like a total jerk . 
 i would n't sit back while she went through that . 
 i 'd stand up for her , even if the other people in her life had n't . 
 my heart knew that if i did n't i 'd regret it , because i wanted to be with her . 
 i would n't stand there and let someone else mistreat her . 
 balling my hands into fists , i leaned against the bathroom counter . 
 while nolan said she did n't want to break up with greg because of the holidays , just how long had they been together , and why was she with him in the first place ? 
 if nolan wanted to talk , then he had a lot of explaining to do . 
 when i got downstairs , nolan was flipping through channels on the flat screen tv . 
 he glanced up at me . 
 `` you hungry ? 
 i could order a pizza . 
 mom and dad were thinking about surprising you , but when i did n't hear anything from mia , i told them it was probably best to wait because your plane might 've been delayed . '' 
 `` pizza would be good . 
 tell your parents , thanks for everything . '' 
 if they 'd gone through the effort to set all this up , then why had mia seemed as confused about nolan 's suspicious behavior as i had been ? 
 i wanted to get into this , but i did n't want to scare nolan off . 
 he had been worried about me , but i could n't forget how suspicious he 'd been of mia when she 'd done nothing wrong . 
 she was going through things i was n't exactly sure how to understand , but that did n't mean she meant ill toward me . 
 `` will do , '' nolan said and grabbed his phone . 
 he punched in a few buttons , and before i knew it , he 'd already ordered the pizza with an app . 
 crazy but cool . 
 `` so what 's going on ? 
 why were you injured ? '' 
 `` we got mugged at the airport in the parking garage . '' 
 i did n't want to spend all evening talking to him about what happened . 
 i wanted more details about what was going on here . 
 however , i 'd let him talk since , if it 'd been the other way around , i would have been concerned to see nolan hurt . 
 nolan winced . 
 `` seriously ? 
 i thought airports were supposed to be safe , with plenty of tsa around . 
 did you call the cops ? '' 
 he tossed a can of beer to me and i caught it . 
 `` you kicked their ass , right ? 
 man , why would n't mia tell me something like that ? '' 
 he crushed the empty can in his fist . 
 `` damn , no wonder she did n't answer her phone earlier . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 this guy was the buddy i remembered . 
 thank goodness . 
 `` seemed like you were pretty quick to get off the phone with her when you saw me . '' 
 nolan 's face fell and he grabbed his phone again . 
 `` shit , you 're right . 
 i 'm a horrible brother . 
 maybe i should go see if she 's okay . 
 shit . '' 
 `` she 's fine . 
 more or less . 
 a few bumps and bruises , but i protected her . 
 speaking of which , what about that prick of a boyfriend she has ? '' 
 i waved a hand at his protests . 
 `` do n't . 
 what happened to the best friend i knew who gave a shit ? '' 
 he looked hurt , but i did n't care . 
 i crossed my arms over my chest , not backing down . 
 `` she only told us about the relationship with him recently . 
 i do n't think they 've been together very long . 
 she 's ... i do n't know ... more quiet recently . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` maybe she 's just lonely . 
 it is the holiday season . 
 people tend to be pretty lonely during the holidays . 
 that 's when most people -- '' `` do n't even start talking about those kinds of statistics . 
 i do n't want to hear them . '' 
 i sat in my dad 's armchair and popped the top on my beer . 
 `` but still ... that 's pretty different from the girl i used to know . '' 
 `` she 's changed , man . 
 after you went away to the military , she became more withdrawn . 
 i think she likes you . '' 
 shrugging , he started flipping channels again . 
 i could n't believe it . 
 how could i react to that ? 
 inside , turmoil and need was running rampant through me , but i could n't reveal my feelings . 
 that was n't me . 
 besides , she was in a relationship . 
 there was nothing i could do about that . 
 i would n't try to sweep her off her feet when she 'd already chosen someone else . 
 my vacation was crazy enough already . 
 i could n't even tell my best friend why i was bloody . 
 yet the idea of becoming involved with his sister would n't leave my thoughts . 
 we sat in silence watching college football . 
 it was crazy how good even the little things like watching television felt . 
 the simple comforts of being in my living room without worries of people shooting at me . 
 i 'd learned to get used to it . 
 somewhat . 
 but i 'd known enough people who died overseas and in a combat zone , and it was still nerve wracking , even on the bests of days . 
 `` so , how 's things with sandra ? '' 
 i did n't need to talk , but i wanted to catch up . 
 know what the people i cared about were doing these days . 
 `` sandra ? '' 
 nolan scratched his head . 
 `` who ? 
 oh , her . 
 we broke up a few months ago . 
 i 'm with a new girl now . 
 jennifer . '' 
 the doorbell rang , and nolan jumped up from the couch . 
 seemed like his sister was n't the only one on the dating scene . 
 nolan had never been the type to settle down and commit , but i could n't help my surprise . 
 did n't he want something solid ? 
 to have a family , now that he was out of college , instead of playing the bachelor . 
 maybe he displayed his need for freedom in a different way than i did . 
 fair enough . 
 after you went away to the military , she became more withdrawn . 
 those words buzzed around my head . 
 guess i had n't thought about others ' feelings when i 'd made my choice . 
 the idea of doing something for my father 's honor and getting an education had seemed the best way for me to go after my folks died . 
 having the army distract me , so i would n't have to face the hurt . 
 maybe i 'd been selfish , but at least i 'd had a good reason . 
 i set aside the empty beer can aside , then popped open a new one . 
 ever since the incident in the bathroom with mia , i could n't control my feelings . 
 they kept spinning through my head like a carousel . 
 the scent of spicy pepperonis broke me from my thoughts . 
 nolan set the pizza on the coffee table , and i grinned . 
 at least one thing had n't changed while i was gone : our shared tastes in pizza . 
 i remembered again why we were best friends . 
 chapter eight mia loud knocking sounded at my door . 
 i leapt from the couch , nearly knocking over a lamp on the side table . 
 sunlight filtered in through the blinds . 
 had i fallen asleep ? 
 chanting under my breath , i stared at the front door . 
 fear pumped adrenaline through my veins . 
 who could it be ? 
 ethan never dropped by my place , but maybe ... maybe he 'd decided to visit ? 
 we had n't gotten the chance to talk last night . 
 he was the only one that made sense ... unless it was the werewolf . 
 i shoved those thoughts aside . 
 no , not a werewolf . 
 it was daylight outside . 
 plus , if it were , i 'd feel something . 
 while i was n't the most powerful , i had some ability to pick up magical energy , especially now that i knew what that felt like . 
 going to the window near the door , i tried to catch a peek at whoever was on my doorstep , but they were just out of sight . 
 `` mia ? 
 i know you 're in there , '' jessa said , banging on the door again . 
 `` i need to talk to you . '' 
 relief sagged my shoulders , and i nearly collapsed from the suddenness of it . 
 thank goodness . 
 i could n't recall any other time when i 'd been this happy to hear from jessa . 
 i opened the door and threw my arms around her . 
 `` hi , jessa ! 
 i was n't expecting you . '' 
 jessa pushed me back at arm 's length to look me in the eyes . 
 `` we really should talk . 
 there 's ... a problem . 
 but first , i sensed you need to talk . 
 let me in on what 's going on , okay ? '' 
 concern tightened her eyes , and jessa ran her gaze over me . 
 `` honey ! 
 what happened ? 
 oh , no , this is worse than i thought . '' 
 stepping back to let my friend inside , i really did n't want to talk about what was going on , but if i was going to open up with anyone , then jessa was my only option . 
 she was the only other witch i knew and trusted . 
 besides , my witchy skills were down the drain . 
 if anyone could help , it would be her . 
 jessa was the much better witch . 
 she did n't hide from what she was . 
 she was out there . 
 had her own shop and lived what i thought was a much simpler life . 
 jessa did n't agree , but if i had that kind of life , i 'd be much happier . 
 hiding from everyone i knew and loved was hard . 
 trying to be the perfect daughter , sister , friend , when there was so much more going on underneath my skin , drove me crazy . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i need to talk to you . 
 there was a. . . 
 an incident when i went to pick up ethan from the airport . 
 i do n't want to drag you -- '' `` honey , no . 
 you 're not dragging me into anything . 
 just tell me what 's going on . 
 i want to help you . 
 i hate seeing you cover in bruises like this . '' 
 jessa pulled me over to the couch , then she waved a hand to the door . 
 within seconds , it had shut and locked itself . 
 i had no idea how jessa did that kind of stuff , but i wished i possessed those abilities too . 
 then i 'd have a chance . 
 i would n't be in the dust , trying to throw miniscule fireballs at werewolves , who could eat my face without effort . 
 `` it 's werewolves . '' 
 the color drained from jessa 's face and she pulled away from me . 
 `` are you sure , mia ? 
 absolutely sure ? '' 
 i nodded , suddenly uncomfortable . 
 if she was reacting this way about my news , then what else did she have to say ? 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 please , just spit it out . '' 
 `` remember the guy who came in asking for the potion ? '' 
 she fiddled with her skirts and averted her gaze , sounding way too hesitant . 
 `` yes , i remember . 
 stop beating around the bush . 
 that was the day before yesterday . 
 i do n't have that bad a memory . '' 
 i clutched one of the pillows from the couch in my arms and balled my fists in the smooth cotton . 
 `` he came by before closing yesterday , asking to talk to you . 
 what exactly did you put in the salve ? '' 
 she met my gaze , and her look froze me in place . 
 `` uh , i put the usual ingredients in . 
 peppermint , salt , some wolf 's bane -- '' `` oh , no , do n't tell me you put that in it ! '' 
 she hopped to her feet , running her hands through her hair . 
 `` he did n't look pleased . 
 i 'm betting his friend was a werewolf , and if that 's the case , you might 've poisoned him further -- let alone what 's happened with his injury . '' 
 `` he probably came to the shop to avoid going to the hospital , because they would n't want their kind found out . '' 
 the pain in my back and head pounded in time with the blood rushing through my veins . 
 while i did n't know if they would go after jessa , since i was the person who had made the potion , i 'd wager we were both screwed . 
 `` what else did he say to you ? '' 
 `` after i told him that you were n't around , he bolted . '' 
 she sat back on the couch , staring into my eyes . 
 `` i should 've called as soon as he came by , but i was trying to process what was going on . 
 the shop was surprisingly busy . '' 
 shaking her head , she gripped my wrists . 
 `` that 's no excuse . 
 i should 've reached out to you . 
 what have i done ? 
 what have i gotten you wrapped up in ? '' 
 guilt etched itself deep into jessa 's face . 
 i hated seeing her like this . 
 she was a good friend . 
 maybe she 'd done the wrong thing here , but i could n't take it out on her . 
 we had to work out what was going on together . 
 `` we ca n't think like that right now . 
 what we should do is figure out how to get out of this situation . '' 
 i bit my lower lip , knowing she would n't want to hear this . 
 `` he knows where your shop is and how to get to you . 
 do you think you should shut down for a few days ? '' 
 her eyebrows shot toward her hairline . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 mia , i 'm not made of money . 
 if i do n't keep the shop open , i wo n't be able to pay the bills . 
 yes , i 've thought about taking you up on the money potion , but those kinds of things feel like cheating . 
 just because we can make potions for our own gain , does n't mean we should . 
 there are ramifications . 
 it could hurt your karma . '' 
 blinking at her , i felt an instant wave of guilt crash into me . 
 not only had i made a love potion earlier , i 'd given some to ethan via the healing salve . 
 my only thought had been helping him . 
 if only i 'd remembered the love potion spilling into it sooner . 
 besides , i 'd been so sure jessa would get behind me that i 'd ignored the niggling voice in my head , warning me not to proceed . 
 now i faced the consequences of my actions . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 jessa 's eyes widened . 
 `` did you make the money potion ? 
 if you did , i lied . 
 i 'll be the first to try it . '' 
 `` no , i. ... '' the words failed me and a blush burned my cheeks . 
 `` worse . '' 
 `` what 's worse than that ? 
 you did n't perform black magick on someone , did you ? 
 no , that 's not you . 
 i 'd notice stains on your aura . '' 
 jessa jumped to her feet with a swish of her skirts . 
 `` you made a love potion ? 
 you 're planning to give it to someone , are n't you ? '' 
 i looked up at her , unable to hide my guilt . 
 `` it was an accident . 
 i spilt some into the second batch of healing salve i made . '' 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` and ethan got hurt protecting me from the werewolf . 
 i applied the healing salve with the love potion to his wounds . 
 only when i started putting it on myself to take care of a few scrapes , did i remember . '' 
 sagging my shoulders , i stared at the beige carpet . 
 `` i did n't mean for this to happen . '' 
 `` does he know ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i almost told him , but i was too afraid . 
 as it was , he knew i was hiding something and started to storm off , but then greg showed up . 
 it was n't pretty , to say the least . '' 
 the memories of the incident were bad enough , but i knew jessa would ask . 
 `` they nearly got into a fight . 
 i 'm not looking forward to dinner saturday . 
 they are probably going to tear each other apart . '' 
 `` honey ... '' jessa sat next to me on the couch . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . 
 you did n't mean to use the love potion . 
 if not much got spilled , then i do n't think you 'll have a problem . 
 love potions are tricky and unreliable . '' 
 she rubbed her hand over my back . 
 i remembered how much went into the salve , and it was enough to affect me . 
 `` the boys wo n't make too much of a commotion in front of your parents . 
 if they do , they 're jerks . 
 wait ; you said ethan was injured protecting you . 
 how bad was his injury ? 
 do you think ... ? '' 
 `` he was scratched . 
 you know what the legends say , and usually when folklore points at something , it 's true . 
 i 'm hoping the healing salve will prevent anything ... hairy , but i do n't know . 
 i did n't even think werewolves were real ! '' 
 i walked into the kitchen , needing space . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 jessa followed me . 
 `` you think i knew ? '' 
 her mouth dropped open , as she leaned against the kitchen counter . 
 `` just because i 'm a witch does n't mean i know anything and everything about the supernatural . '' 
 `` sorry , i just figured since you 're my mentor and all . '' 
 `` if you 're trying to take this out on me because i introduced you to someone who needed a potion , then you 're different to how i thought you were . 
 i was trying to help , since you always shut out everyone . '' 
 jessa threw her hands into the air . 
 `` you never do anything with your powers . 
 you sit back , thinking you can be a badass witch like your grandmother , while never putting in the work . 
 your abilities are like any other muscle ; they can atrophy . '' 
 tears formed in my eyes . 
 i hated how right she was . 
 i 'd wondered why my magic was useless against the werewolf , but i had only myself to blame . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry , but i 'm your friend . 
 if you 're going to survive , you need a little tough love . '' 
 she closed the space between us and gave me a hug . 
 `` even if that means the truth hurts , you know . 
 if the werewolf comes back , i 'll tell him to get lost . 
 keep a low profile , and hopefully , they wo n't find you . '' 
 i could n't believe this . 
 she had a point , but i was scared . 
 the guy i cared about was injured , and werewolves were after me , for crying out loud . 
 we walked to the front door . 
 `` i 'll talk to you later . 
 you know what you need to do . 
 release the fear . '' 
 the door shut behind jessa , and i locked it , resting my forehead against the painted wood . 
 jessa 's words resonated through me . 
 release the fear . 
 that was all good and well , but when a werewolf charged at you , not being afraid was ridiculously hard . 
 ethan had kicked the beast in the face , courage and determination in his eyes . 
 then again , he was a soldier . 
 they had to be tough . 
 no excuses . 
 excuses would only hamper my growth . 
 thoughts of last night filtered through my resolve . 
 had ethan made it home okay ? 
 i should n't have allowed greg push us apart when ethan had been on my doorstep . 
 i 'd been too worried about what greg would think to insist on taking ethan home , especially after all the blood he 'd lost . 
 there was no way the salve could 've totally healed his wounds . 
 jessa started her car , and i glanced out the window to see her pulling away . 
 one more relationship poised on the brink of ruin . 
 chapter nine ethan this dinner with mia and her parents tonight was making me nervous , especially after all we 'd been through yesterday . 
 i grimaced . 
 regardless of what had happened , that did n't change our relationship , even if i knew i wanted more than what we were . 
 i did n't want the commitment and being with her still felt forbidden . 
 besides , i still had no clue why she was in danger . 
 there had to be something she had n't told me . 
 if i did n't talk with her soon , this whole thing might get swept under the rug , since i doubted we 'd be discussing it at the dinner table . 
 getting my jeans and shirt on , i decided to go for a walk . 
 that would attract far less attention from nolan than going for a drive . 
 besides , mia did n't live that far away . 
 when i knocked on her front door , no one answered . 
 i frowned , glancing back at her car , which was parked in the driveway . 
 somehow , i doubted she was n't home . 
 i rang the doorbell a few times , then i knocked again . 
 `` what is it now ? '' 
 she grumbled behind the closed door . 
 her eyes widened when she opened it and saw me , and she took a couple steps back . 
 `` i , uh ... '' she wore a pair of tiny shorts and a tank top . 
 her hair was ruffled from sleep and she did n't appear to be wearing a bra , from the way her nipples hardened as the cold air blew inside her house . 
 `` ethan ! '' 
 `` mia . '' 
 i nodded , trying my best to keep my gaze at eye level . 
 the hard peaks on her chest were tempting the hell out of me . 
 the need to brush my fingers over them and hear her moan my name beneath me had my dick swelling . 
 damn it ! 
 this was getting ridiculous . 
 either my hormones were going into overdrive again , or the secret ingredient in the healing salve had been a stupid love potion . 
 why would she have concocted a love potion , then added some to a healing salve that she 'd used on herself ? 
 it did n't add up . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 crossing her arms over her chest , she looked around my shoulder as if expecting to find me with someone else . 
 i frowned . 
 `` after last night , i wanted to swing by to see if you were okay . 
 besides , we were both stressed , and we did n't get a chance to really talk about what 's going on . '' 
 grimacing , she pulled away from the doorway . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just a few bumps and bruises . '' 
 a few of the bruises in question looked like handprints on her upper arms . 
 that fucking asshole . 
 from the way she 'd reacted , i had a feeling ... her gaze drifted down to where i was looking , and she gulped , retreating deeper into the house . 
 i followed and shut the door behind me . 
 `` those were ... he was just ... '' she grabbed a blanket from the couch , wrapping it around her shoulders . 
 `` it was tense last night . 
 he overreacted . '' 
 she looked indecisive for a moment . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i took a few steps toward her . 
 my anger retreated at the look in her eyes . 
 `` you do n't have to defend him to me . 
 what he did was wrong . 
 plain and simple . 
 he should n't have touched you that way . '' 
 she sighed and looked up at me . 
 `` i know . 
 if nolan put you up to this , then tell him to buzz off . 
 i already told him my reasons . '' 
 `` that 's not why i 'm here . 
 like i said , i wanted to talk about last night . 
 the ... werewolf . 
 why is it after you ? '' 
 she chewed on her lower lip . 
 `` i ca n't really talk right now . 
 dinner is at -- '' `` i know perfectly well when dinner is . 
 we 'll make it in time . 
 if you want my help like you implied last night , then talk . '' 
 while she 'd covered herself with the blanket , i could still see the outline of her nipples . 
 god , how was i supposed to pay attention with her looking like that ? 
 `` if you want , you can get dressed while we talk . '' 
 mia gave me a dubious look , her lips curving in a frown . 
 `` fine , we 'll talk . 
 my friend asked me to make a potion for her shop . 
 apparently , the potion was for a werewolf who came in disguised as a man . 
 i used an ingredient that 's supposed to be poisonous to werewolves , not knowing that was what his sick friend might be . '' 
 she leaned against the couch , as if she was n't expecting us to be here for long . 
 `` did n't you sense that the man was a werewolf ? 
 why did n't he tell you ? '' 
 none of this made any sense . 
 while i knew she had n't wanted to tell anyone about being a witch , this werewolf was a member of the supernatural community , too . 
 surely the guy would have told her what he or his friend were , in order to get what they needed . 
 `` no , i did n't know werewolves existed . '' 
 i could n't suppress my laugh , and she shot me a dirty look . 
 `` i thought they were beasts of legend and folklore . 
 there were vibes from the guy that caught me off guard , but without having ever met another werewolf , i did n't know that 's what i was picking up . '' 
 sighing , she sat on the couch , getting a little more comfortable . 
 `` i wished he 'd told me . 
 i hate to think that i unintentionally hurt someone . '' 
 `` is there anything you can do to help ? '' 
 i sat on the opposite side of the couch , not wanting to make her feel uncomfortable . 
 she threw her head back , laughing rather hysterically . 
 `` well , he certainly asked for it so nicely , did n't he ? '' 
 the look she gave me was haunted . 
 `` maybe he just wants to kill me . 
 werewolves are known for their violent tendencies . '' 
 this whole werewolf thing was new to me . 
 `` come on , mia . 
 do n't be like this . 
 we 're going to make sure you 're safe . '' 
 a fierce protectiveness flared within me . 
 it slammed in my gut , nearly doubling me over . 
 i gripped the arm of the couch to keep myself from falling . 
 when i caught a look at her , her eyes were wide with panic . 
 `` oh , no ... no , no , no ... this ca n't be happening . '' 
 she whispered the words , but i could hear them as if she were talking normally . 
 realization flooded my senses . 
 i lifted my shirt to see that the claw marks were gone . 
 there were no scars , nothing to signify that i 'd been attacked last night . 
 `` mia , does this mean ... ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she rubbed her arms , wincing when she hit the bruises . 
 `` i never should 've gotten into this mess . 
 never should 've let you get involved . '' 
 my heart pounded in my chest and i slumped into the couch . 
 life had upended itself , and i 'd been home for less than twenty-four hours . 
 part of me wished i was back in the desert . 
 while it was dangerous , it did n't rival the level of complexity i 'd been hit with since coming back . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 i stood , my body moving on its own volition . 
 a werewolf had attacked mia , and now i 'd been turned into the same beast ! 
 i did n't stop when i hit the front door . 
 `` ethan , wait ! '' 
 mia stood on her front porch , the blanket long gone . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` i need to clear my head . 
 this is way too much . '' 
 i continued walking away , not looking forward to dinner at her parents ' later . 
 if my life was going to be spent as a werewolf , then i had no idea what i 'd do . 
 life kept hitting me with curveballs . 
 one day i 'd learn to catch them . 
 but maybe that day was one too late . 
 chapter ten mia sitting opposite ethan at the dinner was horrible . 
 for a while , i was n't sure he 'd even show up . 
 my mind flashed back to seeing him at my home , seeing his eyes change color for that brief moment . 
 god , he was a werewolf . 
 the thing i 'd feared had come to pass . 
 i looked over at him , but he had n't even glanced in my direction the entire time . 
 maybe he was as worried about what was happening as me . 
 i only wished he would n't shut me out . 
 whatever feelings we 'd had before seemed like they were gone . 
 so gone . 
 this was n't the ethan i 'd known . 
 he was colder , as if he blamed me for what he had become . 
 i wanted to cry so much , but i could n't . 
 not right now . 
 my parents would ask too many questions , and i 'd be forced to lie . 
 they could never know . 
 i 'd rather run away from home than involve them in my mess . 
 if he wanted to act this way , then fine , i did n't need to be daydreaming about him . 
 or thinking about him , period . 
 besides , i had a boyfriend . 
 while i was at my limit with greg , especially after seeing the bruises he 'd left on my arm , i should n't be getting hot and heavy with ethan , or having emotions for him while i was in a relationship . 
 i shoved my food around on my plate . 
 my appetite was long gone . 
 i ate a few bites of the meatloaf and broccoli , but not much . 
 when everyone else was starting to wrap up , i was the first one out of the dining room . 
 i leaned against the kitchen counter and looked out the window into the darkened backyard . 
 memories of playing there and trying to get nolan 's and ethan 's attention came rushing back . 
 but the two boys were older and had had each other , while i 'd had no one . 
 i had always been the outsider , had always felt like i did n't belong . 
 maybe it was coming full circle , that ethan was forgetting my existence . 
 that was surprising , since the love potion was still in his system . 
 but if he was becoming a werewolf , maybe the potion had burned off faster in him than it had in me . 
 my emotions for him were still raw and aching . 
 i had no idea . 
 `` mia ? '' 
 my mom 's voice drew my attention to her . 
 `` is everything okay ? 
 you 're so quiet today . '' 
 she placed a hand on my shoulder , and i fought not to wince . 
 the healing salve had n't done so great for me . 
 then again , it was n't every day that i battled werewolves and got body - slammed into cars . 
 `` yeah , mom . 
 i 'm fine . 
 i think i 'll take off a little early . 
 i -- '' `` and miss the liquor ? '' 
 nolan burst into the room , with ethan hanging back in the doorway . 
 ethan 's gaze met mine for the first time since this afternoon , and i froze , feeling a surge of nausea punch me in the gut . 
 i returned my attention to nolan . 
 `` yeah , i think -- '' `` oh , come on , mia . '' 
 dad smiled in that generously happy way of his . 
 `` do n't miss out on the best part of dinner . '' 
 mom cleared her throat , and he shot her a goofy grin . 
 `` you know i 'm joking . 
 what 's wrong , sweetheart ? '' 
 he pulled me in for a bear hug , and my eyes rolled back in my skull . 
 pain shot through my body like an unholy beast . 
 the desire to scream mingled with my body 's need to pass out . 
 i bit my tongue hard , trying not to vocalize my pain and push away . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 really . '' 
 my voice cracked , and i cleared my throat . 
 having everyone ask made me even more uncomfortable . 
 i wanted to run from the room . 
 escape . 
 i was used to so little attention with nolan being the first-born son , the one who could do no wrong . 
 i 'd made straight a 's in school , and had done my best to make something of myself . 
 now with college over , i was at a loss . 
 that jobs were so hard to come by did n't help , either . 
 what would i do now to try to win their love and attention ? 
 find a wealthy husband ? 
 find an amazing job ? 
 frustration snowballed with the pain building inside me . 
 `` i 'm heading home . 
 good night , everyone . '' 
 i walked out of the house , making my retreat . 
 nolan was at the window of my car before i could get the engine started . 
 `` sis ? 
 what 's wrong ? 
 are you still a bit ... uh ... upset after the mugging ? '' 
 i rested my forehead against the steering wheel . 
 `` please do n't tell mom and dad . '' 
 i hated the fact ethan had told nolan . 
 that was the last thing i needed . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i wo n't tell them . 
 but just know if you need to talk , i 'm here for you , okay ? '' 
 i looked at him , and he flashed a boyish grin , as if that would help . 
 but i guess it did . 
 he had his own way of making me feel better . 
 i knew he cared . 
 however , i refused to get anyone else involved in my problems . 
 jessa had told me what to do , even if the advice had hurt . 
 i needed to let go of my fear and practice my magic . 
 no one else needed to be involved . 
 no one . 
 not even jessa . 
 she 'd said she would call , but so far , she had n't . 
 i guess that could be expected . 
 maybe we had both mishandled the situation . 
 whatever . 
 `` thanks , nolan . 
 i 'll be at home . 
 tell everyone i 'm sorry . 
 i just need my space , i guess . '' 
 `` do n't be like those people who get really depressed around the holidays though , sis . 
 that mugger was probably looking for money . 
 people are crazier around this time of the year , you know ? '' 
 he shrugged , then patted me on the shoulder . 
 if one more person touched me , i swore i would hurt them . 
 `` just be careful and stay safe . '' 
 if only i 'd been mugged , then i 'd be happier . 
 random attacks happened all the time . 
 but this had been due to some werewolf , who was pissed off about a potion i 'd made . 
 some human guy who needed money for booze did n't bother me , but a werewolf ? 
 that was serious business . 
 `` take care , '' i said , pulling out of the driveway and onto the road . 
 i did n't want to go home . 
 i wanted to go somewhere else . 
 somewhere far from my usual hangouts . 
 somewhere safe . 
 after driving around the neighborhood a little , i pulled into a fast food restaurant . 
 inside , i ordered a coke , then sat in one of the booths trying to collect my thoughts , when the last person in the world i 'd suspect to be there showed up . 
 mr. way-too-sexy ... werewolf . 
 my heart dropped in my stomach , and real terror bubbled up within me . 
 jessa had warned me about letting go of fear . 
 if i did n't , i would be crippling my ability to protect myself . 
 however , being in a public place like this would hinder both him and me . 
 he would n't be able to assault me , unless he did n't care about revealing what he was to the general public , and i could n't cast spells . 
 however , that was a lot better than him following me home . 
 but he was here , and that either was a scary coincidence or he knew where my parents lived . 
 how could that be ? 
 he walked straight to my table , plopping down in the booth across from me . 
 `` you did something to that potion , did n't you ? 
 it 's not reacting as it was supposed to . '' 
 he did n't sound mad ; more , a cold and uncaring vibe came off him . 
 i opened my mouth to say something , but he shushed me . 
 `` make more . 
 not the creamy stuff . 
 make a liquid potion . '' 
 his gaze flicked to the people walking by the table . 
 `` if you do n't , i 'll kill you and your whole family . '' 
 `` you tried killing me at the airport . 
 how can i expect you not try something , regardless ? '' 
 i did n't know for certain if that had been him at the airport , but it was a pretty good guess . 
 he was the only werewolf i knew , and the visit from jessa had pointed in that direction too . 
 `` you 've got it wrong . 
 i was n't trying to kill you . 
 if i had , you 'd be dead already . 
 think of it more like i was gaining your attention . 
 besides , your friend is good stock . 
 our pack needs numbers . 
 we 're weak , and we need to remedy that . '' 
 `` by killing off your kind ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i know why you 're coming to me , and it 's not to heal whoever you were talking about in my friend 's shop . 
 you want to poison them . 
 i 'm not stupid . '' 
 sliding into my booth before i could react , he blocked my best path of escape . 
 he circled his arm around my shoulders , either to intimidate me or make anyone watching think we were a couple . 
 the desire to elbow him in the ribs rose within me , but he was a freaking werewolf , for crying out loud . 
 the guy could probably crush me with his pinky finger . 
 `` if you 're not stupid , you 'll do as i say . 
 because i am not all about talk . 
 if you do n't help me out , then consider yourself and your family ... and your werewolf boyfriend ... all dead . 
 no way else around it , girlie . 
 either do what i want , or you 're done for . '' 
 he squeezed my shoulder hard . 
 a whimper escaped my lips before i could stop it . 
 the pain was truly reaching epic proportions . 
 `` fine . 
 when do you need it by ? '' 
 i asked , hoping he 'd let me go on my way . 
 `` now . '' 
 he stared into my eyes from inches away , intimidating the hell out of me . 
 `` i ca n't right now . 
 my friend 's store is n't open right now . 
 i ca n't get the supplies i need if she 's not there . '' 
 i hoped he 'd buy that excuse . 
 really hoped . 
 maybe if he did , i could reach jessa between now and then , and we would figure out a way around this , so someone did n't have to die . 
 `` tuesday then . 
 if i do n't have it tuesday , then expect her to be the first victim . '' 
 `` um , where do you want to pick it up ? '' 
 he propped his feet on the opposite booth . 
 `` at the new age shop , and if you do n't show promptly at 6 pm , there will be consequences . 
 understand ? '' 
 i nodded , trying to figure out how i was going to get out of this . 
 he wanted it on christmas eve . 
 this was hell . 
 `` tuesday , at six o’clock . 
 be there . '' 
 he slid out of the booth , his shoes silent against the tile floor . 
 i rested my head in my hands , trying to keep my body from violently shivering . 
 the fact he had n't been trying to kill me was something i had n't anticipated , but the sick feeling that he had changed ethan into a werewolf on purpose disgusted me . 
 i had to make sure ethan was okay . 
 i grimaced . 
 that meant i 'd have to search for him , either at his house that he shared with nolan , or at my parents ' , and i refused to go back there . 
 mr. sexy already knew where they were , but that did n't mean i liked luring him there . 
 it did n't take long to drive there . 
 nolan 's car was n't in the driveway , but maybe he stored it in the garage . 
 who knew ? 
 if i had any chance of talking to ethan about what was going on , i needed to do it now before i chickened out . 
 i knocked on ethan 's door , not at all feeling like i should be there . 
 if nolan answered , what would i say ? 
 hey bro , i wanted to talk about getting mugged , after all . 
 thanks for the brotherly advice , and by the way , stay out of my business in the future ? 
 no , that would be -- the door swung open , and ethan 's sexy body filled most of the doorframe . 
 i stumbled back a few steps . 
 heat shot through my veins at the sight of him . 
 `` hi . 
 i just ... '' `` your brother is n't home right now . '' 
 he started to shut the door , but i caught it . 
 `` please , i want to talk to you . 
 i 'm sorry , i did n't know where else to go . '' 
 my mouth kept moving , even though nothing sensible came out . 
 `` i 've just ... i do n't know . 
 this whole mess is -- '' ethan pulled me inside , carefully missing any of the bruised flesh of my arms . 
 `` if you 're going to talk , do n't do it out there . '' 
 he pressed my back against the now closed door . 
 my body reacted to the closeness , and the urge to arch into him overrode all reason . 
 head out of the gutter ! 
 `` after dinner , i went to this fast food joint and -- '' keys rattled in the door behind me , and i jumped from the door , only to smack into ethan 's hard chest . 
 he held me for a moment , and the heat of his palms warmed me after being out in the cold . 
 `` want something to drink ? '' 
 `` i guess so . '' 
 frowning , i did n't know what to do . 
 maybe i should escape out the back before nolan got in here , but that would be awkward since he would see my car out front . 
 how did i get myself into these kinds of situations ? 
 i sighed , and headed for the couch . 
 `` mia , i 'm surprised to see you . '' 
 nolan frowned at me as he came into the room , then glanced over to see ethan arriving with three cans of beer . 
 he threw one to my brother and set the other two on the coffee table . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i just did n't feel safe at my house after the mugging , so i decided to hang out here for a few hours . '' 
 i tried to act casual , but my voice shook a little . 
 casual did n't define the emotions raging inside me . 
 especially with both of them staring at me like i 'd grown two heads . 
 `` yeah , she seemed pretty unnerved when i answered the door . 
 guess it 's all catching up with her . 
 it 's easy to let it get to you . 
 just stay strong . '' 
 ethan popped open his can of beer and took a sip . 
 great . 
 a pep talk . 
 exactly what i needed . 
 this was all too weird . 
 i did n't know what else to say or do . 
 i just took a swing of beer . 
 college football was on television again , so i sat in silence . 
 the two of them went into the kitchen , and i heard their whispered voices , but i could n't catch what they were saying . 
 within minutes , they returned with nolan carrying a bag of tortilla chips and two bowls of salsa . 
 we sat watching sports for what felt like hours . 
 football was n't my idea of a good time , but spending time with the two of them like this relaxed me . 
 nolan glanced in my direction , but i tried to keep my gaze on the tv . 
 i wanted to blend in with the couch . 
 i probably should n't even be here . 
 i hated to think that i 'd lured the werewolf to where my brother and ethan lived too , but i could n't say that he did n't already know , either . 
 i rested my head against the arm of the couch , and within minutes , all my cares just faded . 
 the beer had helped relax me , and the delicious scent of ethan warmed my body . 
 i felt safe for the first time in the past couple days . 
 chapter eleven ethan after mia fell asleep on the couch last night , nolan covered her with a blanket , and we slipped a pillow beneath her head . 
 she was still out like a light . 
 i 'd anticipated her being awake and gone by the time i came down for breakfast , but there she was . 
 her arm dangled toward the floor , and she made the softest , cutest snore i 'd ever heard . 
 her red hair spread out around her head like a halo , and i wanted to bury my face in that thick mane , feeling the silk of it against my skin . 
 `` no , '' she whispered , rolling to her side . 
 `` get off . '' 
 i took a few steps closer , wondering if she was talking to me , but her eyes were shut . 
 should i wake her ? 
 i toyed with the thought , but she shot straight up into a sitting position . 
 the sound of her rapidly beating heart filled my ears . 
 yet another werewolf attribute taking root . 
 i clenched my hands into fists , wanting to be mad , but i could only see how beautiful mia was . 
 `` i 'm brewing some coffee . 
 want would you like ? '' 
 she jumped nearly a foot off the couch and yipped . 
 `` you scared me , ethan . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 guess i thought you heard me come down stairs . '' 
 i walked toward my dad 's armchair , so she would n't have to strain her neck to look at me . 
 `` something to drink ? '' 
 she ran her gaze over my bare chest and her mouth dropped open . 
 the fact she was as attracted to me as i was her made me happy . 
 what made me happier was that nolan had taken off for work already . 
 now i 'd be able to figure out what she 'd wanted to tell me last night . 
 maybe we 'd do something else , too . 
 i shoved the thought aside before my dick swelled . 
 the last thing i needed was that kind of distraction . 
 she blinked , looking me in the eye . 
 `` do you have any hot tea ? '' 
 that 's right . 
 she did n't drink coffee . 
 she preferred tea . 
 i should 've remembered . 
 unfortunately , neither nolan nor i kept any around . 
 `` no , sorry . 
 we have apple juice , though . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 she climbed off the couch , yawning . 
 `` you guys could 've woken me up and told me to go home . '' 
 `` nah , we would n't have done that . 
 truth be told , it 's better if you stay here . 
 safer . 
 you can sleep in my room , if you want . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` i 'll sleep on the couch , of course . '' 
 even if i would rather sleep in the same bed as her . 
 `` no way . 
 i would n't want to impose . 
 i can sleep on the couch . '' 
 smiling , she ran her hand through her hair as if trying to brush it with her fingers . 
 `` i 'll need to stop by my place and get some toiletries and clothes , if i do that . 
 we should probably ask nolan about it , too ? '' 
 `` it 's my house . 
 besides , he agrees with me . '' 
 i waved her toward the kitchen . 
 `` if you want some breakfast , we have eggs and bacon . 
 there 's cereal , pancakes , you name it . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i do n't -- '' `` stop . 
 just tell me what you 'd like . '' 
 she bit her lower lip . 
 `` at least let me help . 
 i could wash dishes even . '' 
 `` fine . 
 dishes it is . '' 
 i did n't really like doing them anyway . 
 that chore fell to nolan , but he usually tries to put it back on me . 
 `` bacon and eggs sounds good . '' 
 she went to the fridge , grabbing the juice , while i measured the water for coffee . 
 nolan had drunk whatever he 'd made this morning , but that worked since i preferred drinking it fresh . 
 i set a glass out for her on the counter , then scooped some grounds into the coffee pot 's filter . 
 when i went to the fridge , i collided with mia . 
 she squeaked and the juice container slipped from her fingers . 
 i grabbed it before it hit the floor . 
 my newfound reflexes surprised me . 
 while i 'd always had quick reaction times , i could n't help but stare at my hand as if they were someone else 's . 
 i leaned against the counter , not knowing what else to do . 
 mia placed her cool hand on my arm , tentatively at first , then she embraced me . 
 her hands circled my waist , and she pressed her cheek against my back . 
 `` it 'll be okay . 
 i 'm here for you . '' 
 `` i appreciate you trying to comfort me , but you said it yourself : ` werewolves have violent tendencies ' . 
 who says i 'll be any different ? 
 what about my career ? '' 
 i placed my hand over hers . 
 being this close to her felt right . 
 the need to claim her overrode all reason . 
 `` you 're different than him . 
 maybe not all werewolves are bad . '' 
 she tensed her grip on me a little . 
 maybe i would be different , but i noticed how she said nothing about my career . 
 `` what did you want to tell me last night ? 
 you were at a fast food restaurant , and you saw someone or something . '' 
 rage burned my insides . 
 as soon as the words left my mouth , i knew whom she 'd seen . 
 why she 'd come to me to talk . 
 if only i had taken her aside and listened then , but i 'd been concerned with nolan becoming suspicious . 
 the last thing i needed was him sticking his nose in our business . 
 it was too dangerous for him to get involved . 
 the less he knew the better . 
 `` i saw the werewolf . 
 in human form , though ! '' 
 mia buried her face into my chest . 
 `` he threatened me and my family . 
 he said if i do n't make a potion to poison the guy he 'd had me try to heal , then he would kill us . '' 
 she looked up at me with tears shimmering in her eyes . 
 `` he ... he changed you on purpose . '' 
 i wrapped my arms around her , holding her close to me . 
 `` sshhh . 
 do n't worry . 
 i wo n't let him hurt you or your family . 
 perhaps changing me will be his mistake . 
 i 'm more powerful than i was . 
 i 'll be able to protect you . '' 
 i pressed a kiss to the top of her head , but that was n't enough . 
 it 'd never be enough . 
 she was n't my sister . 
 polite kisses in respectful places were n't the only way to show affection for her . 
 need slammed into me , and i bent to claim her lips . 
 chapter twelve mia ethan propped me on the countertop , and i wrapped my legs around him , instinct kicking in . 
 our lips brushed a sensual meeting of mouths . 
 he slid his tongue over my lower lip , caressing and teasing . 
 if i had n't been sitting on the counter , my knees would 've given out . 
 i opened my mouth to him , brushing my tongue against his , inviting him in . 
 without hesitation , he slipped his tongue inside , and the kiss grew more desperate and heated . 
 i cradled the back of his neck , running my hands over his soft , close-cut hair . 
 he ran his hands from my waist down to my knees , then he trailed them back up my legs . 
 arousal moistened my thighs , and i wanted him more than i 'd ever wanted another man . 
 his nostrils flared , and he pulled me from the counter so i pressed snuggly against his body . 
 i moaned , unable to stop myself . 
 ethan bumped me against the wall on the way out of the kitchen . 
 we stayed there a moment , his mouth still devouring mine . 
 he kneaded my backside with his large hands . 
 i wanted to strip his clothes off him , right then and there . 
 his muscular body beneath my hands was divine . 
 with him this close , i felt cozy and protected , especially after what happened last night . 
 maybe he was right . 
 if ethan was a werewolf now , he posed a greater threat to the guy who attacked us . 
 i trailed my hands down his front , eager to see what lay beneath his pajama bottoms . 
 the bulge pressed tight against me told me how happy he was to be here . 
 i 'd never felt like this with anyone else . 
 he readjusted our position , pulling me away from the wall again , then he headed toward the living room . 
 for a moment , i thought he 'd stop at the couch , but he continued toward the stairs . 
 my breath lodged in my throat . 
 this was going to happen . 
 the buzzing of my cell phone broke me from my bliss . 
 could that be jessa ? 
 i could n't miss the call . 
 ethan started up the steps , not worrying about the call , but i pushed against his chest . 
 `` i need to take that . '' 
 `` ca n't it wait ? '' 
 `` it might be my friend , jessa . 
 i have n't heard from her , and she said she was going to call . 
 i 've been kind of worried , with all that 's going on . '' 
 i did n't want to go into her role in the situation , even though he had a right to know . 
 he set me to my feet gently . 
 `` do n't take too long . 
 i need you , mia . '' 
 i could tell that from the bulge in his pants . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i promise . '' 
 when i got to my phone , i nearly dropped it : greg . 
 `` mia ? 
 is everything okay ? '' 
 ethan was at my side in the span of a heartbeat . 
 he picked up my phone and saw the caller id . 
 a sigh rushed from his lungs , and he handed it to me . 
 `` i 'll be in the shower . '' 
 i wanted to cry . 
 my body burned for ethan . 
 we had a connection and , while the love potion might 've heightened it , our feelings for each other had been there for years under the surface . 
 i could tell he cared for me . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , ethan . '' 
 `` answer the call . '' 
 he brushed his hand over my hair , then he took off upstairs . 
 `` greg , hi , '' i said , trying to sound like my heart was n't breaking . 
 i 'd vowed not to break his heart before the holidays . 
 if only my own was n't doing the exact thing i 'd hoped to prevent . 
 `` i 'm not interrupting anything , am i ? '' 
 he sounded his usual condescending and wisecracking self . 
 when he was like this , i forgot what had drawn us together in the first place . 
 fear of being forever alone , i guess . 
 but he had been more kind and considerate at the very beginning . 
 `` i had to run for the phone . '' 
 it was the truth . 
 `` that 's all . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 i forced myself to sound more chipper than i was . 
 `` we 're still on for your parents ' christmas eve dinner tomorrow , right ? 
 maybe afterward we can hang out at my place . 
 i have something for you . '' 
 the way he said it made it obvious what he wanted . 
 greg and i had never been intimate . 
 why he thought that would change because it was christmas eve flew over my head . 
 i scoured my brain for an excuse . 
 after the dinner , which should 've been called lunch because of how early it always was , i 'd need to escape home , craft the potion , then take it to jessa 's shop . 
 but no , i could n't do that . 
 i needed the ingredients . 
 `` great , i 'll pick you up , and we 'll head there together . 
 no use taking two cars when we 'll just go back to my place . '' 
 `` greg , wait -- '' but he 'd already hung up the phone . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 i stared at the ceiling , hearing the faint sounds of the shower running . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 regardless of ethan and me , i could n't hold on to a dead relationship with greg . 
 he deserved more than that , and so did i. lost in my thoughts , i did n't realize the water had stopped . 
 ethan stood at the bottom of the stairs , dressed in a pair of jeans and a tight blue t-shirt that hugged his muscles . 
 my body reacted to the sight of him , even if i knew i was still with greg . 
 damn me for not ending things with greg sooner . 
 everyone had tried to warn me , but i 'd been too stubborn , convinced that getting with ethan was like an unreachable fantasy . 
 we 'd come so close to being more , and i only hoped that our chances of a relationship were n't completely blown now . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` hey , '' he said , watching me closely . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 the fact he 'd asked made me feel a little better . 
 i did n't know if i 'd be able to survive him being mad at me , especially after what we 'd nearly done . 
 `` yeah , thank you for asking . '' 
 he nodded , shoving his hands in his pockets . 
 that simple action flexed his strong arms , and i averted my gaze . 
 i 'd gotten myself into enough trouble for one day . 
 `` i 'm heading out for a bit , '' he said . 
 `` you 're welcome to stay here . 
 nolan should be here in a few hours . '' 
 my heart ached , but i did n't feel safe going home . 
 chapter thirteen ethan the light turned green , and i punched the gas . 
 after nearly going to bed with mia , i could n't be there anymore . 
 she was still in a relationship , for fuck 's sake , and yet if her asshole boyfriend had n't called , i 'd have carried her to my bedroom and made love to her . 
 regardless of her relationship status , i 'd been tempted to , and that did n't fit my morals . 
 yet the beast inside me -- who was growing stronger by the day since i 'd been scratched -- did n't care . 
 it knew she was meant for us , not him . 
 the cold shower had only helped so much . 
 if i 'd stayed there , i might 've pursued it . 
 the emotions i had for her were at a fever pitch . 
 my hands clenched the steering wheel until the metal groaned . 
 fuck ! 
 i looked down at the wheel to see awkward dents in it . 
 how was i going to explain this ? 
 i drove straight to the connery state park . 
 there were hiking trails , and maybe if the beast connected with nature , it 'd calm down . 
 a rumbling growl bubbled in my throat . 
 the idea was absurd , but what worried me the most was sitting at the table with mia and her boyfriend tomorrow on christmas eve , of all times . 
 after our intimate moment , i could n't guarantee that i would n't keep my eyes off her . 
 while she did n't want to hurt greg 's feelings , my own were raw with the need to be with her . 
 sucking in a breath of fresh air , i opened myself a little more to the beast , letting him guide me deeper into the forest . 
 chapter fourteen mia greg yapped all the way from my porch to the front door of my parents ' house like some small dog . 
 he did n't let me get a word in edgewise . 
 if he had , i might 've struck up the courage to tell him to go away , but for now , the undeniable need to avoid conflict won again . 
 fear : three points , mia : zero . 
 my mom had taken me aside when we got there , asking if everything was okay . 
 i put on my brave face , apologized for last time , and helped with the final touches of dinner . 
 now i sat across the table from ethan once again . 
 he had n't come in until late last night . 
 i 'd been eating popcorn and watching some true crime show with nolan . 
 the blast of power from him was stronger than what i 'd felt from mr. way-too-sexy werewolf at jessa 's shop . 
 ethan 's werewolf side was developing fast . 
 i shifted in my seat at the thought , and my foot nudged ethan 's . 
 he glanced in my direction before returning his gaze to my mom . 
 he smiled at her . 
 `` all this food smells delicious , mrs. brooks . '' 
 my mom waved him off . 
 `` oh , listen to you . 
 you say that every time i fix dinner . 
 you 're such a good young man . 
 how does it feel to be home for christmas this year ? 
 we missed you so much last year . '' 
 ethan took a deep breath . 
 `` where do i begin ? '' 
 he flicked his gaze to me , before refocusing his attention on mom . 
 `` i 'm happy . 
 it is great catching up on even the little things , like sports . '' 
 `` yeah , we stayed up pretty late his first night back talking , '' nolan said . 
 he looked on edge . 
 sitting in front of greg , i knew why . 
 the two of them hated each other . 
 my thoughts drifted back to the thing haunting me . 
 when i 'd tried calling jessa , she had n't answered . 
 i needed the ingredients for the crazy werewolf 's potion , like yesterday . 
 those things were n't what i commonly kept stocked . 
 they were n't herbs or spices i could get from the grocery store . 
 besides , it was better not to keep too much on hand for a long time if you wanted a fresher , more potent product . 
 if she did n't answer her phone today , then i had no idea what i 'd do . 
 the werewolf promised to kill her . 
 why could n't he just take me instead ? 
 i glanced at ethan , sipping on the mulled spice wine my father made every year . 
 greg slid his hand along my leg , drawing my skirt up a little . 
 i moved my knee , but he held it in place . 
 `` getting a little quiet there , mia . '' 
 i fixed a smile on my face and shrugged . 
 `` everyone else is talking , and i refuse to barge into conversations . '' 
 unlike some people . 
 the idea of going back to his place later soured my stomach . 
 the more time i spent with ethan , regardless of the love potion , the more i really wanted him . 
 fear would n't hold me down anymore . 
 it was time i broke free . 
 stopped doing what everyone else wanted me to do . 
 christmas eve was the perfect time to start . 
 `` you would n't be barging into a conversation , mia . 
 speak up , kiddo . '' 
 my dad watched me from the end of the table . 
 his expression had fallen , from the merry guy on his third cup of spiced wine to concerned . 
 my bravado fled once again , and if i 'd been a puppy , i 'd have put my tail between my legs . 
 this celebration was n't about me . 
 it was the holidays . 
 once we left , i 'd tell greg my feelings , whether he wanted to hear them or not . 
 this break-up would be the stuff of horror stories , or maybe cheesy romantic comedies . 
 at least , i hoped it was more like the latter . 
 i looked at ethan . 
 worry etched itself in the corners of his eyes . 
 `` you keep staring at mr. marine over there , huh ? '' 
 greg grabbed my leg under the table , squeezing hard . 
 i tried not to wince , but i must 've shown discomfort . 
 `` i 'm not a marine . '' 
 ethan leaned forward , giving greg a harsh stare . 
 he knew something was up . 
 shit . 
 there goes dinner . 
 greg scoffed . 
 `` whatever . 
 you know what i mean . 
 besides , i was talking to my girlfriend , not you . 
 got a problem with that ? 
 what , you want to take her for a ride ? '' 
 he smirked , and i wanted to slap it right off his face . 
 `` too bad . 
 she 's mine . '' 
 `` greg ! '' 
 i could n't believe the way he was talking . 
 my parents stared in horror , and redness formed in my father 's cheeks . 
 if things did n't settle down , he 'd get involved , and none of us would want that . 
 greg squeezed my leg harder as if to silence me , but i would n't sit by and let him abuse me like that . 
 `` let go of me . '' 
 that might 've been the worst thing to say because nolan jerked to his feet . 
 `` if you do n't let my sister go , i 'll break your fingers . '' 
 `` nolan ! '' 
 my mom cried out . 
 ethan stood up with him . 
 `` mia , come over here with your brother . 
 greg and i need to talk outside . '' 
 he turned to my parents . 
 `` i 'm sorry about this , mr. and mrs. brooks . 
 it 'll just take a moment . '' 
 when he stared at greg again , blatant hostility and power oozed from his every pore , nearly choking me . 
 greg let me go , but i was n't going to sit this out . 
 besides , my jerk boyfriend remained planted on his seat . 
 maybe he knew if the two of them went outside , he might get his ass kicked . 
 good for ethan . 
 i stood . 
 `` nolan ... ethan , please go back to eating . 
 i 'll talk to greg . '' 
 i took him by the wrist . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 greg huffed , but he followed me out to the gazebo in the backyard . 
 it was far enough away for us to have some privacy in case our discussion became heated . 
 `` what the hell is your problem ? '' 
 i could n't contain my outrage at how he had acted . 
 he 'd never been this rude in front of my parents . 
 ethan and he did n't have a good first meeting , but this went beyond the greg i knew . 
 oh no . 
 what if this was my karma going to hell ? 
 the love potion 's magic might be burning my relationship while it built up what i had with ethan . 
 i wanted to punch my pillow . 
 multiple times . 
 `` my problem ? '' 
 disgust curled back greg 's lip . 
 `` you are the one to talk . 
 you sit there ogling the soldier in front of my face . 
 who exactly is the problem here ? '' 
 my jaw dropped . 
 `` i 'm seated in front of him ! 
 what am i supposed to do ? 
 look at the ceiling or my plate the whole time ? 
 i ca n't help but look at him . '' 
 that sounded wrong . 
 i only hoped greg would n't take the slip out on me . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` that 's not what i 'm talking about , so do n't pull that smart-alecky shit on me , mia . 
 i have the balls in this relationship , and i 'm not fucking blind ! 
 you watched him with lust in your eyes . '' 
 he reached for me , but i smacked his hands away . 
 i flared my nostrils , not in the mood to take his shit . 
 while i had n't wanted to do this in front of my parents , this was fair game . 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 out of the corner of my eye , i spotted nolan jogging across the lawn toward us . 
 `` what ? 
 are you trying to start more shit ? '' 
 greg jerked me closer , but i slapped him . 
 `` we 're over . 
 that 's what . '' 
 greg stared at me , his eyebrow cocked high . 
 he chuckled as if i 'd told a funny joke . 
 `` you 're kidding , right ? 
 you 're putting this shit on me now of all times ? 
 you 're such a dirty bitch . '' 
 `` name calling wo n't get us back together . '' 
 i grimaced , unable to believe i 'd ever considered settling for him . 
 if ethan did n't want me , then i was better off alone . 
 `` far from it . '' 
 i walked away , not wanting to be near him any longer . 
 `` you think you can just walk away from me ? 
 i 'm not done talking . '' 
 he jerked my arm , twisting me around so hard . 
 my foot slipped , and i landed on my ass in the grass . 
 `` do n't fucking touch my sister , asshole . '' 
 nolan shoved greg back a few steps . 
 strong hands slipped beneath me , and ethan lifted me into his arms . 
 my heart nearly stopped beating . 
 he returned my gaze , but none of the soft affection i 'd seen before was there . 
 right now , he looked ready for murder . 
 then again , greg brought that out in people . 
 `` get out of here , greg . 
 i wo n't ask again . '' 
 nolan positioned himself between us . 
 greg drew himself up to his full height , which was a few inches shy of both men , but he could be a stubborn jerk even on the not-so-bad days , let alone now . 
 `` you 'll regret this , mia . 
 i was good for you . 
 you think he 'll make you happy , '' he said waving his hand at ethan , `` then you 're sorely mistaken . 
 in a few weeks , he 'll have forgotten all about you , and you 'll be just as lonely as when i found you . '' 
 my mouth dropped open . 
 the worst thing about what greg said was that it might be true . 
 ethan would be gone soon . 
 either back to the military or into the clutches of the werewolf pack , i just did n't know which . 
 closing my mouth , i pulled away from ethan . 
 i refused to give greg the satisfaction of an answer . 
 my voice might just reveal my weakness . 
 at least i 'd had the power to break up with him . 
 fear : four points , mia : half a point . 
 `` bitch , '' greg said . 
 the harsh impact of a punch hitting its target had me whirling on my heel . 
 ethan towered over a downed greg , looking pissed . 
 blood drizzled down greg 's chin . 
 i could tell ethan had split my ex 's lip . 
 i froze , unable to move . 
 part of me wanted ethan to beat greg to a pulp , but that was wrong . 
 i would n't let greg be beaten , just because he 'd been raised without any manners . 
 `` ethan , please . 
 just let him go . '' 
 ethan kept his gaze fixed on greg . 
 his shoulders shook with restrained violence pouring from him . 
 `` get out of here , '' he said his voice gravely and deeper than i 'd ever heard it . 
 greg tilted his chin upward , even though he remained on the grass . 
 at least he had the sense not to stare down ethan . 
 `` i wo n't until -- '' ethan grabbed greg 's collar . 
 they were half-way across the yard , with greg dangling from ethan 's fist before i could react . 
 if he did n't calm down , he might do something he regretted . 
 `` ethan , wait . '' 
 i placed my hand on his shoulder . 
 his eyes were n't their usual brilliant blue . 
 they were wolf-amber . 
 i jerked back as if burnt . 
 my jaw hung open , and i could n't speak . 
 maybe we were wrong . 
 maybe the werewolves had the upper hand . 
 they could use him against me . 
 my stomach revolted , and i darted away . 
 if i did n't do something , mr. sexy might use ethan to hurt me . 
 `` mia ! 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 nolan caught up with me at my car . 
 he took my car keys as i fumbled them out of my purse . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i could n't meet his gaze . 
 what would he see ? 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i. . . 
 i 'm just not feeling so good . 
 i should probably -- '' `` sis , you ca n't run from your family just because greg is a total dick . 
 he 's going home . 
 ethan took him to his car . '' 
 the rumble of an engine startled me , and greg sped off . 
 i never should 've tried to replace being alone with being in a horrible relationship . 
 it was better to be in no relationship , than to be in a bad one . 
 at least i would 've held my self-esteem intact . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i probably should go . 
 i 'm so embarrassed he acted that way . '' 
 nolan tilted my chin up . 
 `` come on . 
 you know how much time mom spent on dinner . 
 are you really going to leave now ? 
 it 'd be wrong to take off . 
 we 're your family . 
 you should n't be alone on christmas eve . '' 
 my gaze drifted over to ethan . 
 he watched us from the sidewalk . 
 i wondered just how much he was able to hear with his new abilities . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i guess i should stick around . '' 
 `` that 's the spirit . '' 
 nolan grinned and walked me inside , shoving my keys in his pocket . 
 thankfully with greg gone , the dinner went better , if not a helluva lot more quietly . 
 i 'd switched to where greg had sat , facing nolan instead . 
 the idea of being across from ethan was too much for me to bear , but that did n't stop him from watching me . 
 every time i looked his way , he averted his gaze . 
 i only hoped no one else noticed his obvious glances . 
 chapter fifteen mia i pulled into my driveway , thankful to be home . 
 i was glad it was over . 
 now i could detox from all of the talking and awkward stares . 
 until tomorrow at least . 
 i 'd be heading back to open presents since my parents liked opening them on christmas day , instead of christmas eve . 
 it had become almost like a tradition to have the big dinner on christmas eve , then open presents and have leftovers on christmas day . 
 what i really needed to do was find jessa . 
 she still was n't answering her phone , and i needed to get in contact her before the six o’clock deadline . 
 a note on my front door was visible even from this distance . 
 who would 've left it ? 
 jessa would 've called , and i 'd received no new calls or texts . 
 weird . 
 going to the door , i noticed the note was scribbled in big bold letters . 
 not written by anyone i knew , but the text itself scared me . 
 we know where you live . 
 you dared to poison one of our kind . 
 you 'll regret that mistake . 
 call 555-7889 , or i 'll hunt you down . 
 my heart leapt in my throat . 
 what had i gotten myself into ? 
 should i call or try to hide ? 
 no , i would be foolish to hide . 
 i 'd see what they wanted . 
 that 's all i could do . 
 i dialed the number . 
 to my surprise , mr. sexy did n't answer . 
 it was another man . 
 at least , it really did n't sound like him . 
 `` you better make a potion to fix whatever you did . 
 if you do n't , you 'll live to regret it . '' 
 the man 's voice was a rumbling purr , and i nearly dropped the phone . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 my keys jiggled as i tried to insert them in the doorknob , but a strange man with a cell phone to his ear opened it . 
 `` i think you do . '' 
 my phone slipped from my grip . 
 surprise slammed into me . 
 the man clenched his fist around my throat , cutting off my air , as he pulled me into my home . 
 `` you 're going to do whatever you can to make sure this gets fixed . 
 you poisoned my father , and you 'll damn well fix him . '' 
 he flung me like a doll , and my head slapped the wall . 
 i slumped to the floor . 
 within a span of seconds , he was on me again . 
 `` get up . '' 
 `` please , stop . '' 
 my voice sounded weak even to my own ears . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 who is your father ? '' 
 while i had a feeling it might be whoever had been poisoned , i had no idea why this stranger was pissed off at me and at my home . 
 the werewolves were after me , but this guy was taking it personally . 
 `` you know who i 'm talking about . 
 stop playing dumb . '' 
 he lifted me to my feet and his nostrils flared . 
 he bent closer to my neck , and i stopped breathing . 
 my pulse rapidly beat in my chest , and i could n't hold back the fear crashing through me . 
 no , do n't show fear to werewolves . 
 `` who do i smell on you ? 
 i do n't know this individual . 
 why does he smell like a werewolf ? '' 
 i backed up , but he followed me , keeping his nose just a little above my skin . 
 his breath caressed me , but i did n't feel any lust or allure . 
 maybe partially because he was a hot but still psycho werewolf , and i knew how crazy werewolves could be , after meeting mr. sexy at jessa 's shop . 
 `` why should i tell you ? '' 
 better not to lie and say i did n't know . 
 who knew what he 'd do then ? 
 `` you 'll tell me . 
 if you do n't -- '' he shook his head . 
 `` there 's no time to get into this . 
 fix a potion for my father . 
 i 'll find whoever this is . 
 werewolves do n't intrude on my father 's territory . 
 they are dealt with . '' 
 `` tell that to whoever attacked him and changed him ! '' 
 i slapped a hand over my mouth , feeling stupid for having said too much . 
 damn it , damn it , damn it ! 
 he jerked back from me . 
 `` what ? 
 no . 
 my pack does n't do that . 
 we 're not the kind of people who go out changing others into our kind . 
 if we did , people would know about us ... '' he trailed off and his face fell . 
 `` oh fuck ! '' 
 balling his hands , he slammed a fist into the wall near my head . 
 i screamed as part of the wall rained down on me . 
 if i got far enough away , i could work up my magic enough to get off a spell or two . 
 i might be able to escape . 
 let go of the fear . 
 hopefully my supernatural muscles were more up to par than they 'd been during my first werewolf encounter . 
 muttering an incantation , i breathed in and out , forcing myself to remain calm . 
 the previous meeting with a werewolf had been bad , because i had n't known they existed , but now one was in my house ! 
 if i shattered the illusion of normalcy , my neighbors would recognize the fact my house was on fire from freaking fireballs on the curtains . 
 the werewolf looked at me dead on . 
 `` do n't weave your magic on me . 
 if i wanted to kill you , you 'd be dead . '' 
 he nodded his head to the wall . 
 `` who told you to make the initial potion ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know his name . 
 he was tall , muscular ... um ... arrogant ? '' 
 what else could i say ? 
 if only jessa had taken down mr. sexy 's information , instead of just accepting cash from whoever came in who wanted to get involved with magic . 
 but then again , she had his number . 
 i patted my pockets , searching for my cell phone , but then i remembered : my phone was outside . 
 `` you do realize you described half the people in my pack , do n't you ? '' 
 he gripped his head , then looked up at me again . 
 `` you really do n't know , do you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 my friend might know his number because he called her . '' 
 `` do n't get anyone else involved . 
 just make the cure for my father . '' 
 `` who is your father ? '' 
 i asked , my voice squeaking a little . 
 `` the alpha of my pack . 
 when he was injured , those loyal to my father tried to keep his injury hidden from the rest who would challenge him , but now many are realizing his weakness . 
 if he 's not cured soon , '' the man said and sighed , `` i 'm afraid he 'll be challenged and killed . '' 
 he turned his glare to me . 
 `` and you 're going to prevent that from happening . '' 
 i blinked , unable to believe my ears . 
 i 'd poisoned the alpha of a werewolf pack , by putting freaking wolf 's bane in the healing potion . 
 man , oh , man ... i was so screwed . 
 without another word , i went to the kitchen cabinet to which i 'd returned my potion products the other day after treating ethan and my wounds . 
 the werewolf came around the side of the island and watched me . 
 i shivered under the scrutiny in his gaze . 
 `` you store your witchy stuff with your pots ? '' 
 he cocked an arrogant eyebrow at me , and i could see what the resemblance meant about his pack . 
 hell , because of that fact , ethan might be a perfect fit . 
 he had that same male arrogance about him too , sometimes . 
 `` are your female werewolves this bad ? '' 
 i asked , wincing at what i 'd said the second it came out . 
 `` with the arrogance , i mean . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes at me . 
 `` very funny . '' 
 i leaned away from him , trying to see what i had and what i 'd need to make a potion capable of working on a werewolf who was suffering from wolf 's bane poisoning in addition to his other maladies . 
 the guy 's glaring distracted me , and i frowned at him . 
 `` if you 're going to hover , then i 'm not to blame for making another mistake . 
 it 's hard to concentrate with you breathing down my neck . '' 
 `` that was n't your problem last time one of my pack came to you . '' 
 `` the last time your pack member came to jessa 's shop , he said he needed a potion for lead poisoning and a wound . 
 there was nothing said about him being a werewolf ! '' 
 i could n't believe this . 
 here i was minding my own business , and now i 'd had two werewolves barge into my life forcing me to craft potions for them ? 
 both were needing on the same day to do the exact opposite things to their alpha wolf . 
 now i knew why i did n't make potions for specific people who knew about my abilities . 
 his face filled with dread . 
 `` what exactly did you put in the potion ? '' 
 `` wolf 's bane is one of the ingredi -- '' he started to lunge for me but stopped himself at the last possible minute . 
 `` why would you put that in there ? 
 i looked at a few recipes for healing potions online . 
 none of them called for it . '' 
 i chewed my lower lip . 
 `` that 's your problem . 
 you looked online . '' 
 he made a rumbling growl . 
 `` it works really well . 
 it speeds up healing . 
 at least for humans . 
 i always put it in there , but only a touch . 
 too much will kill even a normal human . '' 
 `` the man who you met did n't ask what you 'd be using in the potion ? '' 
 anger radiated through the werewolf , causing him visibly to shake . 
 why would he have asked ? 
 i was surprised this guy even knew half of what he was talking about when it came to magic . 
 besides , he did a web search for magic potions . 
 geez , the guy did n't even know about salves versus potions . 
 however , if he 'd come to the shop , his father probably would n't be in this situation . 
 `` damn . 
 if i 'd known this , i would 've gone to the shop myself . 
 they did n't inform me until the last minute , until i found my father near death . '' 
 he twisted around , pacing across the kitchen floor . 
 `` maybe they were trying to kill him ? '' 
 mr. sexy wanted the poison . 
 he had to be someone who the alpha knew and thought he could trust . 
 however , who was i to make suggestions , when i did n't know the slightest about werewolves or their packs , except from what i 'd read -- not from the internet -- in books . 
 he let out a low growl , and i shrank back . 
 from the other side of the island , i heard an equally vicious snarl . 
 my heart jumped in my throat . 
 the thought to crawl into the cabinets and lock myself in had me searching for space . 
 however , i would n't fit with so many pots here . 
 `` mia ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 ethan 's voice broke the impending silence , and i peeked my head around the island to see him blocking the open door . 
 `` who are you , fledgling wolf ? '' 
 the alpha 's son grabbed the back of my shirt and hauled me to my feet . 
 ethan stiffened , so i shoved the alpha 's son off me . 
 the last thing i needed was world war three on my hands . 
 not when i knew just how violent ethan could be , even without the ability to shape shift yet . 
 he 'd need a full moon to do that . 
 for better or worse , the next one was n't until mid-january . 
 `` i 'm fine , ethan . '' 
 i took a step toward him , but the werewolf grabbed my arm , keeping me where i was . 
 `` let her go . 
 i wo n't ask again . '' 
 ethan narrowed his eyes . 
 `` i 'd listen to him , if i were you . '' 
 i stayed completely still , hoping we could all get along . 
 i did n't have the necessary ingredients for the potion to stop the wolf 's bane poisoning , so i 'd have to go to jessa 's shop . 
 looking at the clock , and with it being christmas eve , i knew she would 've already closed . 
 this just got worse and worse , did n't it ? 
 ethan held up my phone . 
 `` you dropped this outside . '' 
 he closed the distance between us in a few strides , but the alpha 's son jerked me behind him . 
 `` do n't get too close . 
 what is your business here ? '' 
 he puffed out his chest . 
 i brushed him off and went to ethan 's side . 
 `` he 's my friend . '' 
 ethan wrapped his arm around my waist . 
 magic sizzled between us , burning me with lust at his intimate touch . 
 i could n't help the soft moan that erupted from my lips feeling his hand on my hip . 
 embarrassment burned in my face , and i turned from the smirking werewolf to ethan , who stared at me in amazement . 
 `` i need to call my friend to get the rest of the ingredients for the potion . '' 
 `` potion ? '' 
 ethan frowned , but he handed me the phone . 
 `` i need to make a potion for his father . '' 
 i pulled away , not wanting more questions . 
 i dialed up jessa , but her phone went straight to voicemail . 
 i tried the store , just in case she was there . 
 i doubted it , but anything was possible . 
 the phone rang and rang until the answering machine picked up . 
 this was too weird . 
 while we 'd had an argument , this was n't like her . 
 she was n't the type to hold onto a grudge like this , especially not when she knew the store 's special clientele needed a way to get in touch with her , even when she was off the clock . 
 she knew many more witches than i did that kept ... different hours , so if they needed an ingredient at a certain time , they 'd get the ingredient . 
 the business was her life 's blood , but she did n't come from a family like mine and nolan 's , or even ethan 's . 
 her family struggled with money . 
 they were the definition of poor , but that had never gotten jessa down . 
 maybe with everything going on , she was just as frustrated as i was . 
 i tried calling her cell phone again , but once more , it went straight to voicemail . 
 maybe she just was n't answering , but either way , i needed the ingredients for this potion . 
 looking at the alpha 's son , i knew if i did n't , i 'd face immediate consequences . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 the alpha 's son asked , propping his fists on his hips . 
 `` i ca n't get in touch with my friend . 
 this is n't like her . 
 i need those supplies , or i wo n't be able to make your potion . 
 i 'll need to go out . 
 if you want to , um , wait outside while i go to her shop ? '' 
 while i doubted he would rob me blind of all my worldly possessions , i did n't want to chance it . 
 better safe than sorry . 
 shaking his head , he frowned . 
 `` i 'm not waiting outside . 
 if you think you 're going to pull something on me , you wo n't . 
 my father will die if he does n't get that potion . 
 if he does , you 're dead . '' 
 ethan stepped in front of me . 
 `` you threaten her again , and you wo n't get another chance . 
 back off . '' 
 `` he 's right . 
 if you want to bully me , you can think again . 
 we have been attacked by your kind enough , and i wo n't help you if you think you can push me around . 
 you need me . '' 
 i crossed my arms under my breasts and tilted up my chin . 
 confidence warmed me , and i stood beside ethan , no longer afraid . 
 i was a witch , not weak and powerless . 
 `` if you 're both going to come with , fine , but i need to make sure my friend is okay . 
 we should get going . '' 
 i walked out to my car , leading the way . 
 if they followed , great ... if not , i would be stepping up and taking care of business . 
 chapter sixteen ethan i could n't contain my surprise at mia 's burst of confidence . 
 my overwhelming sense to protect her raged within me , especially with this other werewolf around . 
 i could n't help it . 
 it was as if he thought she was my mate . 
 clenching my fists , i kept them concealed in my jacket , as we approached the eternally magick shop . 
 i 'd known mia forever , and yet she 'd hidden this magic and potion crafting part of herself from everyone . 
 she really was a witch . 
 i doubted even her parents knew , and that was probably for the better . 
 i shuddered to think what they 'd say if they found out their girl was an actual witch with powers . 
 they strongly disapproved of the fact she was wiccan . 
 i did n't have a problem because people had their own beliefs and disbeliefs . 
 if this was hers , then i 'd have to accept it . 
 however , this went far beyond a belief system to something completely different . 
 mia rang her friend again , but she shoved the phone back in her pocket . 
 she tapped on the door , then tried the handle , but it was no use . 
 the werewolf looked increasingly agitated . 
 that 's the last thing i wanted from him because if he hurt mia , i 'd have to rip into him . 
 `` is there another number you can try for your friend ? '' 
 she 'd probably called all of them , but i wanted to help . 
 `` i 've tried them all , including texting her and calling her shop . 
 i 'm worried , ethan . 
 the other werewolf said if i did n't get a poisonous potion to him by six today , he 'd kill her . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 the other werewolf took a step toward her , but i blocked him . 
 `` is there another store that would have what you need ? '' 
 i knew we would n't find her friend someplace else , but if there was any chance of getting this werewolf off her back , i 'd take it . 
 i would help her find her friend , if it was the last thing i did , but we needed to deal with one problem at a time . 
 `` no , not that i know of . '' 
 she bit her lower lip and looked down at her phone . 
 `` i could check , but i do all of my purchases either here or online . 
 i 've never had a reason to shop anywhere else . '' 
 a few older women walked by staring at us and the shop we hovered in front of . 
 `` i think that might indicate just how rare a shop like this is . '' 
 she put her cell phone away and went to the door trying the handle again . 
 glancing around , she scoped out our surroundings , then looked at me . 
 `` watch my back ? '' 
 i narrowed my eyes at her . 
 `` what do you have planned ? '' 
 she pulled out a couple of bent paperclips , and i raised my eyebrows . 
 `` you 're serious ? '' 
 `` i 'll watch your back , chick , '' the werewolf said . 
 `` just hurry . 
 there are people around . 
 we should do this later , but i do n't know if my dad will last that long . '' 
 he stood near her , leaning up against the wall . 
 `` you 're clear . '' 
 shit , we were really going to do this . 
 i 'd done it a few times in the army , but i 'd had the proper tools . 
 besides , what we were doing was trespassing . 
 i did n't feel comfortable with committing a crime , even if mia knew the owner , but these were unusual circumstances . 
 `` yeah , all clear for now . '' 
 a few people walked along the sidewalk toward us . 
 mia only had a certain amount of time before they 'd find out we were n't supposed to be there . 
 if they saw mia was n't looking for her keys to enter the shop , then we 'd be screwed . 
 i only hoped mia had honed her breaking and entering skills before this . 
 `` there are people coming , '' the werewolf said . 
 `` hurry up . '' 
 `` do n't pressure me ! 
 it 's not like i do this all the time . 
 geez . '' 
 she took a deep breath , then let it out and continued wiggling the two paperclips in the lock . 
 damn , they were almost on top of us now . 
 `` mia , i 'm not trying to rush you , but -- '' the soft click of the lock opening had me relaxing . 
 she walked inside , holding the door open for me and the werewolf . 
 it shut just as the people walked by , and she stood with her back to the door holding her hand over her chest . 
 `` oh , god . 
 that was so close . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 what ingredients do you need ? '' 
 i sniffed the room , and the scent of all kinds of herbs and spices -- some pleasant and some not -- drifted through my nostrils . 
 however , underneath it all was something that did n't sit right with me . 
 something coppery . 
 on the floor were a few droplets of crimson trailing toward the back . 
 `` shit . '' 
 the werewolf met my gaze before we headed for the back , knowing that something was wrong . 
 lying on her back on the floor was a woman in a black skirt , with a purple silky top and a black corset over the blouse . 
 `` oh , my god , jessa ! '' 
 mia dropped to her knees beside her friend , shaking jessa 's shoulders . 
 `` no ... '' jessa cracked her eyes open , groaning in pain . 
 `` mia . 
 you 're here . 
 i. . . 
 i heard the phone ring , but ... oh , goddess ... i hurt so badly . 
 i could n't move . '' 
 she turned her gaze toward the back room , and from the shadows , another figure moved into the area , knocking the werewolf back . 
 `` you ! 
 how could you do this ? '' 
 the werewolf and the new guy tumbled through a display of dragon statues . 
 i could n't stand by and let them wreck the shop . 
 besides , this new guy had hurt mia 's friend . 
 i leapt at the men , but the new guy shoved me away without any effort . 
 something about him was so familiar , but i could n't place it . 
 no , wait . 
 those distinct green eyes were the wolf 's , the one who 'd attacked us at the airport parking garage . 
 `` mia , i 'm sorry , '' jessa said , her voice cracking . 
 `` i wish i could 've warned you not to come . 
 i 've put you in so much danger , hon. i only wanted you to grow and get experience to be the powerful witch you are . '' 
 `` just hang in there , jessa . 
 i 'm right here with you . '' 
 mia stood and looked at me . 
 while i was n't sure what she would do , i had a feeling . 
 she was n't about to get herself hurt on my watch . 
 if she even thought about -- a massive fireball flew past me and struck the bad werewolf , who was in the process of shape shifting . 
 he let out a half-scream-half-howl . 
 mia took a few steps toward them , muttering under her breath . 
 she looked like the ultimate badass female , and i 'd seen my fair share of those , but she was absolutely strong , confident and beautiful . 
 she threw her hands at him , striking the bad werewolf with one fireball after the other . 
 each dissipated as they struck their mark , making certain the store would n't burn down around them . 
 `` stop . '' 
 the werewolf grabbed the new guy by the throat . 
 `` please , witch . 
 i know who this is . '' 
 he curled his lips in disgust as he said it . 
 `` this dirt bag is my father 's second in command . 
 he 's betrayed the man who trusted him most . 
 your friend will have her justice , but most importantly , for betraying the pack . '' 
 his breath was coming in harsh pants . 
 `` please , construct the potion to heal my father . 
 i need to go take care of him , but i will meet you back here to pick up the potion . 
 get your friend to the hospital . 
 i 'm afraid she might be hurt worse than either you or i can see . 
 something does n't smell right with her . '' 
 he finally looked at me . 
 `` we 'll meet again . 
 i wo n't make you go through this process by yourself . 
 i can help . '' 
 i nodded . 
 a weight lifted from my chest . 
 even though i was going through this crazy change , i would n't be alone . 
 someone would be there to explain things . 
 i just hoped the rest of his pack agreed to this . 
 mia straightened her spine . 
 `` i 'll have it ready in a few hours . '' 
 she turned to me once the two werewolves were gone , worry in her gaze . 
 if mia were to make the potion and get it to the werewolf , then i needed to get her friend help . 
 there was no one else to do it . 
 `` will you be okay ? 
 i 'll take your friend to the hospital . 
 i just need to borrow your car . '' 
 mia nodded , but she wavered on her feet a little . 
 `` i 'll have to drop you two off , since i need to return to my place to concoct the potion . 
 thank you for taking care of jessa . 
 it means a lot . '' 
 she lowered her gaze , brushing tears aside , but she went to the wall lined with all the spices that i 'd smelled . 
 i could n't believe i 'd held back from getting to know more about her and from being in her life . 
 she was more than i 'd ever dreamed . 
 i walked up behind her , pulling her in my arms . 
 `` everything 's going to be okay . 
 we 're going to get through this together . '' 
 she looked up at me . 
 `` thank you . 
 for everything . 
 i 'm surprised you showed up at my door after greg was such a total jerk . 
 i 'd thought i scared you off . 
 i 'm so over him . 
 ca n't believe i ever -- '' i held my finger to her lips . 
 `` we 'll talk about it more later . 
 i showed up because i needed to tell you how i felt . 
 i love you , mia . '' 
 her jaw dropped , and she stared at me wide-eyed . 
 had i done something wrong ? 
 `` you l-love me ? 
 you really do ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` are you sure it 's not the love potion talking ? '' 
 i leaned back , raising an eyebrow . 
 i 'd been suspicious but knowing for sure rocked me . 
 `` what love potion ? '' 
 `` the accidental ingredient . 
 it was n't intentional . 
 i did n't mean to -- '' `` i do n't think the way i feel is because of a love potion . 
 i 've felt this way for you for a long time , mia . 
 i want you to be mine . '' 
 i walked back to jessa , knowing she needed to focus while i got her friend to the car . 
 a few hours later , i sat in the hospital 's waiting room , trying to breathe as shallowly as possible . 
 the overwhelming scent of blood , urine , and bleach to a fledgling werewolf was nearly enough to make me vomit . 
 the men 's magazine had several articles on buffing up my arms . 
 it did n't distract me as much as i 'd hoped it would . 
 i did n't want to think about what condition jessa was in , or if mia was able to make her potion . 
 was she okay ? 
 why had n't she called yet ? 
 i should n't have let her go alone . 
 the werewolf had said the guy who attacked us was their second in command . 
 there could be others following him . 
 danger still might be out there . 
 besides , i had a big problem with people not honoring the chain of command . 
 in the military , you had a chain of command drilled into you , and you followed it . 
 my phone vibrated , and i looked to see mia calling . 
 i headed outside before answering . 
 hopefully she was okay . 
 `` ethan , i dropped it off . 
 i 'm so tired . 
 how is jessa ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` have you heard anything yet ? '' 
 `` she 's stable . 
 it 's a good thing we brought her here . 
 she 'll need to be monitored for a week or two to make sure everything is alright . '' 
 i was glad mia was okay . 
 i 'd been worried . 
 `` i 'll come by and pick you up , i guess . 
 i 'd like if we could finish our conversation from the shop and talk ... about us . '' 
 concern nagged at me . 
 `` sure . 
 sounds fine . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i just ... never mind . 
 i 'll be there soon . '' 
 `` see you then . '' 
 i blew out a breath , not willing to lose her . 
 chapter seventeen mia we did n't talk much on the way back to my place . 
 we opted to go there instead of ethan 's . 
 that way we would n't have to worry about nolan being there . 
 how was i going to tell him ? 
 how could i put my feelings into words ? 
 he loved me . 
 it was exactly what i 'd dreamed of him saying . 
 if it were n't true , i did n't want our relationship to revert to friendship mode after a few days . 
 i would n't be able to bear that . 
 if he wanted to be with me , then we needed to know what we were to each other . 
 i was scared he 'd lose himself to the werewolf within , but ... who knew ? 
 maybe the alpha 's son could help . 
 he had seemed nice enough , after the initial trouble , that is . 
 if he did help ethan with his abilities , that would be one less worry . 
 i 'd know ethan would n't wind up hurting himself or others if he lost control . 
 my brain went a mile a minute . 
 i needed to stop thinking so much . 
 i would only end up working myself up . 
 we sat staring at one another . 
 ethan propped his arm on the back of the couch . 
 `` what did you want to talk to me about ? '' 
 how did i even start ? 
 `` i need you like i 've never needed anything before . '' 
 i charged forward . 
 if i stopped , i might not get the words out . 
 `` things are over with greg and me . 
 he 's not in my life , and he should n't have been there for as long as he was . '' 
 i fingered the hem of my skirt . 
 `` i 'm not sure what we are to each other . 
 you said you love me , and i love you , too . 
 are we ... dating ? '' 
 he blinked at me . 
 instead of answering , he pulled me into his lap , crushing his lips to mine . 
 while we 'd started our previous make-out session soft and gentle , nothing about this was slow . 
 passionate , needy : those were better descriptions . 
 ethan pulled back for a breath of air . 
 `` i do n't care what you call it : dating ; in a relationship ; boyfriend-girlfriend . 
 what matters is that we 're together . 
 and , mia , greg was wrong . '' 
 he nibbled on my neck , leaving delicious sensations behind . 
 `` i 'll never get tired of you . 
 not in two weeks or two years . '' 
 i shivered under his touch , wanting more . 
 those had been my fears . 
 ethan saying that made me relaxed . 
 we were n't going to burn hot and fizzle out fast . 
 smiling , i unbuttoned his pants , revealing black boxer briefs . 
 he brushed my hands away before i could shove them aside . 
 `` not so fast . 
 i do n't want our first time to be on your couch . '' 
 smirking , he carried me upstairs to my bedroom . 
 `` fair enough . 
 i just ca n't help myself . '' 
 since the last time he 'd been here a few days ago , i 'd made sure to keep my room picked up . 
 no laundry lying around , dirty or not . 
 he laid me out on the bed . 
 biting my lower lip , i groaned desperately , needing him inside me . 
 ethan ran his hands over my body , making me feel delicious and wanted . 
 i arched my back as he slid his hands over my breasts , brushing his thumbs across my nipples . 
 moisture pooled between my legs . 
 his nose twitched , and he ran his gaze down to my thighs . 
 he slowly tugged at the waistband of my skirt as if i 'd stop him . 
 i tilted my hips up to help him get the offensive barrier between us off away from me . 
 he threw the skirt on the floor , but he kept his hungry gaze fixed on me . 
 he helped me into a sitting position and ran his hands under my shirt . 
 desire built inside me . 
 the more we made out , the more i knew this time i would n't be able to stop . 
 this time , we would n't need to stop . 
 i freed the buttons from the loops on ethan 's button-up shirt , revealing inch by inch his muscular chest . 
 i wanted to run my hands over that hard expanse , memorizing each curve . 
 when i finished unfastening it , i shoved the shirt from his broad shoulders . 
 i would n't be content until we were naked . 
 obviously , he felt the same way . 
 we made quick work of the rest of our clothes . 
 being undressed in front of him was n't the least bit awkward . 
 then again , with his lips against my neck and trailing ever lower , i did n't have time to feel that way . 
 he spread my legs and slid a finger into my core . 
 a jolt of electricity surged through me at the feel of him pressing it inside . 
 `` ethan , '' i moaned , grinding my hips against his hand . 
 any residual shyness i 'd felt disappeared at the pleasure building within me . 
 something about him left me desperate for more . 
 i did n't think i 'd ever get enough of him , even if we both lived until we were ninety years old . 
 he pulled away after a few moments of thrusting his finger in me . 
 `` are you sure about this , mia ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 i need this . '' 
 i wanted to shake him . 
 could he really not know how much i was burning for him ? 
 but maybe he was just giving me a chance to stop him before we took things to the next level . 
 it was good of him , but i knew fully well what we were doing . 
 stopping was the last thing on my mind . 
 he hopped off the bed and dug into the pocket of his pants . 
 when he came back , he wore a condom on his cock . 
 i looked forward to exploring every inch of him . 
 from the ravenous hunger in his eyes when i spread my legs wider , i suspected he echoed that sentiment . 
 he covered my body with his , and i pulled him closer to claim his lips . 
 i nibbled his bottom lip as the tip of his dick pressed against my entrance . 
 my heart pumped in anticipation . 
 he slid inside me , oh so slowly . 
 with his size , it was for the best , but that did n't stop my need to completely be filled by him . 
 `` you 're so tight , mia . 
 i can hardly control myself . '' 
 i ran my hands over his back , kneading the taut muscles . 
 `` do n't hold back . '' 
 raising an eyebrow , he eased out then thrust in a little faster , still careful . 
 he withdrew again , then pumped his hips quicker . 
 each caress came quicker than the last , until he fell into a steady rhythm . 
 i leaned my head back , unable to keep myself from moaning . 
 the sensations racing through my body shook me to the core . 
 what ethan and i had was hotter , more magical , than anything i 'd ever dreamed could be possible between two people . 
 with each thrust , ethan drove me closer to the edge . 
 my thighs trembled for a moment before i came . 
 i dug my nails into his back , clinging to the one person anchoring me from floating off in pure bliss . 
 waves of pleasure smashed into me over and over , as i screamed his name . 
 only ethan 's sure , strong body kept me from drowning in our shared ecstasy . 
 groaning , he balanced on his elbows above me . 
 `` you 're so damn amazing , mia . '' 
 he swept a few strands of hair off my face . 
 i ran my hands over his short black hair and grinned . 
 `` i 'm looking forward to doing that again . '' 
 `` you 're not the only one , babe . 
 so many positions , so little time . '' 
 he winked , and heat burned up neck to nestle in my cheeks . 
 oh , boy ... * * * i woke up , lying side by side with ethan . 
 the blankets were tangled around his long , muscular limbs . 
 shivering , i wondered why it was so bone-chillingly cold in here , especially with ethan this close . 
 i climbed out of bed and peeked through the blinds . 
 so far , i had n't needed to turn the heater on this year , but the temperatures usually did n't get this cold until january . 
 outside , snow fell in gentle flakes on the lawn , and i watched the snowy scene . 
 this was awesome . 
 i absolutely loved snow . 
 to see it on christmas day like this after the intimate night i 'd had with ethan was the icing on this cake , exactly what i 'd imagined the perfect day could be . 
 warm hands rested on my hips , and i looked over my shoulder to see ethan with a smile curving his lips . 
 `` a nice day to stay in and warm up . 
 if we were at my place , i could light a fire for us and -- '' `` and my brother would be there too . 
 that would be the epitome of awkward if he were to catch us like this . '' 
 i laughed , leaning back into the warmth of his arms . 
 `` yeah , well , there 's that . 
 maybe he could go hang out at your parent 's house for a couple days . '' 
 he leaned his chin against the top of my head . 
 `` i 'm not ashamed of us . '' 
 nolan knowing we were in a relationship set me on edge , but ethan was right . 
 we loved each other . 
 if my family or nolan did n't understand , then that was on them . 
 i did n't think that would be the case , but i could n't be sure . 
 i leaned back in his arms , but he spun me , pressing me to the wall . 
 he bent his head and kissed me , gently swiping his tongue over my lips . 
 `` god , you 're so beautiful . 
 i 've wanted to tell you that forever now . '' 
 i wrapped my arms around his neck , taking in the sculpted beauty of his bare chest . 
 i could n't believe he was this ripped . 
 he was god 's gift to women . 
 `` you 're not too shabby yourself . '' 
 `` not too shabby , huh ? 
 well , we have a few hours until we 've got to get ready to see your parents . '' 
 he lowered his gaze . 
 `` i guess i 'll have to give you a reminder of last night , so you 'll have a better description than ` not too shabby ' , huh ? '' 
 `` all 's fair in love -- '' `` we 'll leave the war part out . '' 
 he picked me up and spun us toward the bed in a naked tornado . 
 i laughed , unable to help myself . 
 `` merry christmas . '' 
 `` merry christmas , sweetheart . '' 
 a mischievous grin brightened his blue eyes , and we collapsed back into the bed . 
 this time i was on top . 
 author 's note thank you for reading the witch who cried wolf ! 
 i originally started on a version of this novella last year , but i was n't quite sure how i 'd put what was in my head on paper . 
 eventually , i placed the book on the backburner . 
 however , these characters kept demanding to have their story written . 
 once i started working on it again , i could n't stop . 
 the story just came together . 
 i hope you 've loved this book as much as i do . 
 if you did , please consider leaving a review at the retailer 's website or even goodreads . 
 also , if you 're interested learning more about my books , sign up for my newsletter at my website and connect with me on twitter and facebook . 
 http://www.sarahmakela.com http://www.twitter.com/sarahmakela http://www.facebook.com/authorsarahmakela http://www.goodreads.com/sarahmakela about the author sarah mäkelä loves her fiction dark , magical , and passionate . 
 she is a paranormal romance author , but she 's written all over the romance spectrum with cyberpunk , sci-fi , fantasy , urban fantasy ... even a sweet contemporary romance ! 
 a life-long paranormal fan , she still sleeps with a night light . 
 in her spare time , she reads sexy books , watches scary movies -lrb- and ghost adventures -rrb- , and plays computer games with her husband . 
 when she gets the chance , she loves traveling the world too . 
 excerpt for cold moon rising with jacob this close , it took every ounce of focus to keep my thoughts on the impending exam . 
 more than once , i caught myself staring at his lips wondering how soft they 'd be as they kissed my skin . 
 i only hoped he did n't notice my glances that might make things highly embarrassing . 
 `` think you 're up for a break , kelly ? '' 
 he shut his textbook and quirked his lips to one side . 
 `` we 've been going at it for a while now . '' 
 my notecards toppled from my hands , and i jerked back , caught off-guard by his words . 
 `` uh , yeah ... '' if we 'd really been ` going at it , ' i would 've refused to take a break . 
 stop thinking about him like that . 
 `` yes , that sounds good . 
 want something else to drink ? 
 maybe a coffee or coke ? '' 
 the amused twinkle in his emerald green eyes melted my insides . 
 maybe studying on my bed had n't been the best idea . 
 however , the dinette set would barely be enough room for one of our textbooks , let alone ... `` water . '' 
 jacob leaned over me , brushing his palm over my exposed knee as he reached for the fallen study cards . 
 `` it 's kind of hot in here , is n't it ? '' 
 he had to be kidding me . 
 with him this close , it was like a sauna in here . 
 i wanted to touch him , show him that all of this flirting was more than i could handle . 
 my heart pounded in my ears . 
 if i did n't do something to him soon , i might explode . 
 as if on cue , he turned to face me . 
 our lips were barely inches apart , and i saw flecks of gold in his green eyes . 
 seconds ticked by . 
 was he going to make a move ? 
 i did n't have the strength to sit by and not take this chance . 
 not if it meant this brief encounter would pass by forgotten . 
 i leaned into him . 
 the moment our lips touched , a spark of lust ... desire ... chemistry burned its way inside me . 
 one brush of lips was n't nearly enough . 
 my body thirsted for more kisses . 
 jacob froze in place , and i wondered for a split second if what i felt was only me . 
 maybe the flirting had been meaningless to him . 
 he pulled me up so we stood beside my bed . 
 his messy blond hair brushed across his forehead , and i ran my hand through his hair , savoring the softness . 
 he held me ever closer , his lips caressing mine . 
 the kiss was gentle , careful as if afraid to take things too fast . 
 this moment was heaven . 
 my arms circled his neck of their own volition , and i trailed my hands down jacob 's back . 
 the hard muscles flexing beneath my fingertips sent heat coursing through me . 
 this so was n't a good use of our study time , especially now that final exams were on top of us , but i really did n't care . 
 he 'd been the only stable thing in my life since i 'd come to college last september . 
 we had three classes together that first semester , which was kind of crazy , but i did n't mind . 
 ever since , we planned our courses together , as much as we could , at least . 
 two of the three classes we had this semester were science and math , so i did n't hesitate to take him up on study sessions . 
 fortunately , the last was english , my forte . 
 jacob nibbled on my ear lobe , and tingles of pleasure blanketed my body . 
 `` your skin is so soft , kelly . '' 
 he slid his hands along the hem of my skirt stroking the backs of my thighs , the intensity of his touch growing less controlled by the second . 
 his palm brushed against my backside . 
 if this kept up , we 'd hit the point of no return . 
 the simple kiss had gone far beyond what i 'd anticipated . 
 while i really enjoyed making out with jacob , i was n't ready for sex with him . 
 intimacy should n't be rushed . 
 i wanted to wait for the right one , for a committed relationship . 
 one-night stands were n't in my vocabulary . 
 besides , why give something away too fast ? 
 most guys moved on after sex , right ? 
 not that i suspected jacob was that way . 
 besides , i counted on him studying with me . 
 without his help , my chances of doing well on finals for college algebra and physics were slim to none . 
 he slid his hands higher as his tongue slipped down the length of my neck , making my insides weak along with my self-restraint . 
 a moan rasped from my throat , and for a moment , i was n't sure that had been my voice . 
 could going to bed with him be that bad ? 
 his mouth feels like heaven , but no ! 
 i would n't go there . 
 my rational mind struggled to make its point , but the more jacob kissed me , the less resolve i had . 
 my knees gave way , and only jacob 's hold kept me upright . 
 this had to stop . 
 i pulled back , planting my hands on his chest , but he did n't seem to notice because he hooked his thumbs into the waist of my panties . 
 one moment they were on my hips , the next they were dainty strips of lace hanging from his hands . 
 a smirk curled the corners of jacob 's lips . 
 `` lovely . 
 just like you . '' 
 he did n't seem like the jacob i knew . 
 there was something wilder , more untamed about him . 
 `` i ca n't do this , '' i whispered , snatching the remainders of my underwear from him . 
 he blinked at me , his feral green eyes tightened with confusion . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 you seem into it too . '' 
 he circled his arms around me , either unwilling or unable to stop the delicious intimacy we had going . 
 what is he doing ? 
 i made myself clear . 
 i squirmed in his arms and almost wished i had n't . 
 my hips bumped against the bulging erection in his jeans . 
 desire mixed with an overwhelming need to take a few steps away . 
 the second i brushed against him , it was as if a dam burst . 
 the intensity of what i felt for him had me spiraling out of control . 
 my lips met his , and i opened my mouth to him , wanting him so much and loving the feel of his body against mine . 
 abstinence be damned -- wait , this is n't what i want . 
 but it feels so good . 
