 seven sons by lili saint germain seven sons published by lili saint germain at smashwords smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 this is a work of fiction . 
 any resemblance it bears to reality is entirely coincidental . 
 produced by lili saint germain copyright © 2014 by lili saint germain all rights reserved . 
 prologue one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen thankyou stay tuned for six brothers prologue confucius said , `` before embarking upon a journey of revenge , dig two graves . '' 
 i planned to dig seven . 
 one sometimes i do n't think about it for hours at a time . 
 sometimes , a whole day will pass , and it 'll be there , under the surface , burning my insides with the brutality of its truth . 
 my truth . 
 and i 'll get home from my dead-end job in this dead-end fucking town in the asshole of nebraska , and i 'll have almost made it through a whole day of not thinking about it , about my father and dornan ross and his sons . 
 but then i 'll do something without thinking , like undress to go to bed , or slide under the covers of my bed . 
 and i 'll see the marks they branded on my right hip -- seven horizontal lines , each stacked on top of each other , made by casting the blunt edge of a butcher 's knife into fire and then pressing it into my flesh . 
 a line for dornan ross and a line for each of his six older sons . 
 notches on a bedpost . 
 scarred for a lifetime so that i can never forget . 
 some are thicker than others , some short and others long , but each one a devastating reminder of everything they took from me that night . 
 even if i stay in my stale clothes to avoid seeing my scars , i still ca n't escape them . 
 i never sleep well . 
 i toss and turn , fitful and drenched in sweat , awakening from nightmares where they find me and turn the knife to the sharp side . 
 where they do n't just brand me -- they cut me until i am dead , so i wo n't talk to the police . 
 i know things , see . 
 i know things that the police do n't , about purchased alibis and body disposal spots , about too many girls who went missing and too many men who kept too many secrets . 
 i used to wish every day and every night to forget about my fathers murderer and what he did to us . 
 not anymore . 
 now i want to remember every tiny detail so that i can exact my revenge . 
 tomorrow is different . 
 tomorrow is my twenty-first birthday , the day i gain access to my secret inheritance . 
 the several hundred thousand that my father managed to hide before dornan framed him for the murder of a policeman and his family , a crime that dornan and his eldest son committed as retribution for a drug bust that almost wiped the club out . 
 it might be dirty money -- my father was n't above money laundering and drug manufacturing -- but it was his money . 
 dornan managed to seize control of the rest when he enacted his devastating betrayal . 
 tomorrow is truly my birthday , for i will become another person . 
 today my name is juliette portland , but tomorrow i will wake up as someone else entirely . 
 someone who will bring dornan ross and the gypsy brothers motorcycle club to their knees . 
 two i 've never left the country before , but i 'm not worried . 
 the night of my twenty-first birthday , i do n't party , but arrive in thailand after a long and cramped flight from the u.s. i have lost time , and it is already morning in bangkok . 
 i travel directly to the hospital where i will be having my procedure -- this is n't a sightseeing holiday , after all . 
 i 'm not here for fun . 
 i 'm here to be reborn . 
 the staff are efficient and discreet . 
 i am admitted and the surgeon goes over the final computer-enhanced photographs which show what i 'll look like after . 
 before the surgery , i go into the private ensuite and strip down . 
 i have a moment of unexpected sadness as i study myself one last time . 
 i 've already colored my strawberry blonde hair a deep chestnut brown , but apart from that , this is how i was born . 
 i look exactly like my mother . 
 tall , skinny , no boobs , green eyes . 
 a light smattering of freckles across my nose is the only thing i got from my father , and a laser is about to burn them off forever . 
 my nose , once regal and thin , now sits crooked , thanks to dornan breaking it six years ago . 
 it never healed properly , and it is the main reason i can not stand my own appearance . 
 but now , standing here like this , so completely naked and alone , i shed a single tear . 
 for my father . 
 for the little girl i used to be , who had everything ripped away . 
 i shed a tear because she is about to die , six years after she cheated death . 
 i wipe the tear away and put on my blue hospital gown , tying it at the back . 
 leaving the cubicle , i enter the room where my procedures will be performed . 
 twelve hours is all it will take to make me into a completely new person -- a new nose , new skin , porcelain veneers on my teeth , fuller cheekbones , and new boobs . 
 i wanted them to remove the scars on my hip , but the laser regimen would take months against all that messy scar tissue . 
 instead , i 'll get a tattoo when i 'm back in the states . 
 as i lay down on the operating table , a nurse hovers over me , a mask in her hand . 
 before she can lower it , the doctor motions for her to wait . 
 `` last chance , '' he says to me . 
 `` are you sure you want to go through with this ? '' 
 he is an excellent surgeon , and from what i have gleaned , a kind family man . 
 although he is asian , he reminds me of my father . 
 there is a patriarchal kindness in his eyes that i have n't seen in a long time . 
 `` positive , '' i say , gesturing for the nurse to lower the mask . 
 `` you 're going to look beautiful , '' the surgeon says , and a few moments later , everything goes black . 
 *** it takes me two weeks to recover enough from the surgery to move around freely , and one month before i resemble a regular human being . 
 i spend my time poolside at the most expensive hotel in bangkok , attended by nurses who check on my healing wounds and waiters who serve me drinks with umbrellas . 
 the entire time , i seethe inside , the same way i have seethed for the past six years . 
 what was born as fear and grief has long since blossomed into hatred and rage . 
 five weeks after my surgery , i return to the usa , hail a cab at lax , and direct the driver to venice beach . 
 finally , after six long years , i will have my revenge . 
 it 's hot , and i can feel sweat beads starting to gather between my new breasts . 
 it 's funny , i 'm still getting used to actually having something decent on my chest . 
 it kind of sucks not being able to sleep on my front , though . 
 once this is all over , i 'm definitely getting them reduced . 
 for now , i 'm a dd cup . 
 because i know exactly what dornan `` prez '' ross likes , and it 's brunettes with big titties and tanned skin . 
 i am actually surprised that he even bothered raping me . 
 the old me definitely was n't his type . 
 i stand out the front of va va voom , the strip joint owned and run by the club , just a few blocks from the gypsy brothers clubhouse . 
 when my father was alive , va va voom was actually an upmarket burlesque club . 
 no lap dancing . 
 no hookers out the back . 
 no filth . 
 dornan changed all that after he had my father murdered . 
 i push the door open , dragging my small suitcase behind me . 
 it contains everything i 'll need for my burlesque show audition . 
 costumes , some props , my makeup . 
 i have been dancing in my darkened bedroom in nebraska for years , practicing for this exact moment in time . 
 the club is dark and smells like stale beer mixed with cheap perfume , with an undertone of dishwasher steam . 
 it 's thursday . 
 several staff members mill around the bar at one end of the large , open club space , and attractive women in singlets and denim cut-offs practice their dance steps and gossip up on stage . 
 the middle of the place is deserted , and i stand in the center of the cavernous room , my past throbbing in my head like a bullet wound seeping blood . 
 i glance again at the stage and remember what happened there six years ago . 
 `` come on , darlin ' , '' dornan laughed , pushing me into the circle formed by six of his sons . 
 the eldest , chad , caught me by my shoulders and spun me around so that i was facing everyone but him . 
 `` well , are n't you looking mighty fine , '' maxi , the third brother , said , wolf-whistling his appreciation . 
 his eyes raked up and down my body and i cringed , looking at the floor . 
 he reached out and slapped me on the ass , making me yowl in surprise . 
 i was terrified . 
 i was fifteen . 
 `` do you understand why you 're here , darlin ' ? '' 
 dornan asked me , malice in his black eyes . 
 i shook my head , and returned my gaze to the scuffed wooden stage below my feet . 
 i 'd never been here before without my father , and even then i had only ever been here with him after the club was closed , if he needed to pick something up from the office upstairs or drop off a set of keys for whoever was closing up . 
 there was a video camera set up at the edge of the stage , pointed towards the circle of men . 
 i smelled their sweat and leather and fought not to cry . 
 because , even though i was only fifteen years old and a complete virgin , i knew what came next . 
 i shook my head no . 
 dornan laughed and squeezed my chin between his thick fingers , forcing my head up . 
 he pointed to the camera and brushed a tear from my ashen cheek . 
 he leaned in close so that only i could hear him . 
 `` say hello to the camera , '' he whispered in my ear . 
 `` i 'm gon na make you a star . '' 
 i scan the length of the bar , looking for any familiar faces . 
 any of the ross brothers or their bastard father . 
 there is no one from six years ago . 
 just a lone guy , who looks about my age , polishing beer glasses behind the counter . 
 i take a moment to appreciate his fine arms as i cross the room . 
 he 's really tall , well over six foot , and hot to boot . 
 his arms both feature full tattoo sleeves . 
 his face is a study in contradictions . 
 he has the sexiness and spunk of a man , with his large brown eyes , thick , beautifully shaped eyebrows and olive-toned skin . 
 his lips are full and wide , and i think for a split second what they would be like to kiss . 
 he has cut his dark brown hair close to his skull . 
 all of this is juxtaposed with the look in his eyes that screams `` boy '' , a look of innocence and naivety . 
 he looks vaguely familiar , but i 'm not worried that he will recognize me . 
 i 've studied profiles of every active member of the gypsy brothers mc venice beach chapter and he has n't featured . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 he says , his deep voice like honey and butter . 
 i plaster a fake smile on and stand a little straighter . 
 my boobs are practically bursting out of my tiny singlet , but he does n't even give them a cursory glance . 
 he is n't pinging my gaydar , though , so perhaps he 's just a gentleman . 
 `` i 'm looking for mr ross , '' i say sweetly , delivering my words with a slight southern twang . 
 one highlight of living in a shithole for the past six years is picking up the accent . 
 i do n't want to risk anyone recognizing my voice . 
 `` i 've got an audition . '' 
 `` wait here . '' 
 he turns , giving me a chance to appreciate his ass and ... my heart freezes for a second when i see he 's got the gypsy brothers family crest on the back of his neck . 
 the crest that 's reserved exclusively for the club president , his brothers , and his sons . 
 oh fuck . 
 is he ... ? 
 my worst fears are confirmed when he stops at the top of the stairs that lead into the office and shouts into the ajar door , `` pop ! 
 some chick here to see you about a job . '' 
 of course , it 's him . 
 jason ross . 
 dornan 's youngest son . 
 i almost choke as i remember the last time i saw him . 
 the boy was screaming . 
 two of his older brothers held him firmly as he struggled futilely against them . 
 `` are you going to take your turn , son ? '' 
 dornan addressed his youngest son . 
 jase had only been in the care of his father for a very short time -- less than a year -- and he had struggled to adjust to the mc way of life after his mother 's death . 
 everyone thought that dornan had been the one to inject jase 's mother with a deadly overdose of heroin -- the woman had been clean for sixteen years , since she discovered she was pregnant with jason and left the club life to raise her son in normality . 
 i remember lying on the ground , splinters digging into my naked back , wishing i could just die already . 
 dornan and his six older sons had all taken turns -- some , several turns -- and my body was dangerously close to shutting down . 
 i had been beaten within an inch of my life , i could taste blood in my mouth from where dornan had broken my nose , and i was throbbing so badly between my legs it felt like someone was trying to rip me in half . 
 i had never gone past second base before . 
 it had been a gruesome and devastating way to lose my virginity -- to have it stolen . 
 i watched through blood-encrusted eyelashes as baby-faced jase fought against his father , even as he knew he would pay dearly for it . 
 `` please , pop , please do n't , they 're hurting her , please stop , stop stop stop ! '' 
 `` come on , son , '' dornan growled , and i heard the click of a gun being cocked . 
 `` be a man . '' 
 oh god , i remember thinking . 
 this is it . 
 they are going to kill me . 
 i would have felt pity for jason , had i not been close to blacking out from the pain . 
 i whimpered as something cold and metallic was forced between my chattering teeth . 
 dornan had his gun in my mouth . 
 i cowered in anticipation . 
 this was it . 
 he was going to shoot me , and i was going to die . 
 `` you better get your dick out and fuck this little bitch , or i 'm going to shoot her in the face . 
 do you understand , son ? '' 
 i was listening , but i was floating away at the same time . 
 little white spots started to appear in my vision as the unbearable pain began to recede . 
 jase lunged at his father and i heard a crash , followed by a scuffle and yelling . 
 it was getting hard to hear , though . 
 everything was turning white and i floated away on that whiteness , relieved to finally be coming to the final moments of my suffering . 
 `` pop , '' i heard chad say . 
 `` pop ! '' 
 `` what ?! '' 
 dornan roared . 
 `` i think she 's dying . '' 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 rough hands shook my body , and there was swearing and jostling as i was picked up and carried . 
 the world turned white , and then it turned dark as i drifted peacefully away . 
 when i awoke , the world was not white , but a depressing beige . 
 the pain crept up and socked me hard in the stomach , winding me . 
 i tried to sit up and failed miserably . 
 some of my ribs were definitely broken . 
 i felt a warm hand in mine and looked next to me , expecting my mother . 
 instead , i saw a nightmare that i thought i had woken from . 
 a scream died in my throat as dornan gestured with a finger to his lips for me to remain silent . 
 i never even considered defying him , i was so terribly afraid . 
 `` the police would like to talk to you , '' dornan said gravely . 
 `` i told them my dear niece was going to need some time alone with family first . '' 
 i stared at him in disbelief , disgusted at what he was implying . 
 uncle dornan , posing as a fucking hero in the wake of my father 's absence . 
 i tried to wrench my hand away but he squeezed tighter , cutting off the circulation and forcing a gasp from me . 
 `` what are you going to tell them , julie , baby ? '' 
 i slumped against the bed , defeated . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` i did n't hear you . '' 
 `` nothing ! '' 
 i said a little louder , and snatched my hand back as he released his grip . 
 `` good , '' he said , standing up and straightening his leather cut . 
 `` i 'd hate to have to do to your mother what we did to you . '' 
 i cringed at his not-so-subtle threat and shuddered as he planted a kiss on my forehead . 
 `` do n't act like the victim , '' he whispered in my ear . 
 `` i know you loved it . '' 
 he plastered a fake smile on , tossed a bunch of flowers on the bed next to me , and left the room . 
 it was the last time i saw him . 
 and , ironically , the thing that had burned at me the most , more than the betrayal , was the reasoning . 
 i wanted to know why . 
 but then , dornan murdered my father two days later , shot him in the head at point-blank range with a shotgun . 
 blew his head clean off . 
 after that , after elliot told me my father was dead , i stopped wondering why . 
 jase comes back down the stairs , taking them two by two , as if he 's in a hurry to be away from the office . 
 he returns to his spot behind the bar and picks up his polishing cloth . 
 `` he 'll be down soon . '' 
 i do n't answer straight away , and he looks at me from beneath those gorgeous black eyelashes that i used to tease him about . 
 i must look dreadful , because he jerks his head up and frowns . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i nod my head slowly , gripping the bar with both hands . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he lifts the cut-out section of the bar counter and comes around to where i am , a glass of iced water appearing in his hand as if by magic . 
 `` you look like you 're about to pass out , '' he says , placing the water on a cardboard coaster in front of me . 
 he brings a bar stool over and sets it down behind me . 
 i take the water and the seat gratefully , my entire body suddenly aching and tired . 
 you knew there was a chance you would see him . 
 you knew this was part of the deal . 
 i shrug and take a sip of water , attempting to pull myself together . 
 if my plan is going to work , i have got to keep it together . 
 `` it must be the sun , '' i say , smiling innocently . 
 `` i 'm not used to this heat . '' 
 i hope he does n't ask me where i 'm from . 
 nebraska is even hotter than california . 
 i feel my story already beginning to crumple under the weight of its artifice . 
 `` well , take it easy , '' he says , going back to his side of the bar . 
 `` thank you , '' i say meekly , the words tasting like bitter lies on my tongue . 
 dornan appears a short time later at the top of the stairs , whistling loudly . 
 `` come on up , '' he says , beckoning to his office beyond . 
 i look around , unsure if he is even speaking to me . 
 `` yes , you . 
 hurry up , i ai n't got all goddamn day . '' 
 he disappears past the doorway and i slide off my stool . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 this is my moment of truth . 
 this is my one shot to get onside with dornan and bring this motherfucking family to its shattered kneecaps . 
 three he is somehow less frightening than i remember him , and i have to remind myself that i 'm taller and stronger than i was when i was fifteen . 
 back then , i was still so young . 
 plus , i 'm wearing ridiculous heels which make me even taller . 
 dornan sits behind a desk -- my fathers old desk -- and sifts through paperwork , seemingly oblivious to the fact that i 'm standing there . 
 i use the time to take in my surroundings . 
 nothing special -- a generic particle-board desk , a dead pot plant , a couple of tall metal filing cabinets behind the desk . 
 the only item that looks expensive is the painting on the wall , a beach scene that looks like it 's from hawaii or someplace equally beautiful . 
 it does n't fit in with the room at all , and i wonder if it once belonged to my father . 
 `` looking for the safe , sweetheart ? '' 
 i snap my attention back to dornan , who is smirking as he pounds numbers into a calculator with his long , thick fingers . 
 `` looking for the stage , '' i say , trying to lighten the mood . 
 my entire plan hinges on him hiring me as a dancer for the club . 
 if he does n't , i 'll have to go to plan b. which i have n't thought of yet . 
 he leans back in his chair and surveys me properly for the first time . 
 i wait patiently , knowing that i tick all of his boxes -- brunette , tanned , big tits and young enough to fuck and employ without getting arrested for employing a minor in the club . 
 i bat my eyelashes and study his face . 
 he is older now , but still bears the strong features that made each of his seven sons unmistakably his . 
 he had no daughters , and that could only be a small mercy fate had delivered . 
 `` what 's your name , darlin ? '' 
 he asks finally , apparently satisfied with my looks . 
 he is still just as blatantly attractive as he was six years ago . 
 black hair . 
 wide , sensual lips . 
 three days growth on his face that makes him look tough and rugged , but not unattractively so . 
 my stomach sinks as i realize that i was wrong , that he and jase are actually strikingly similar in looks . 
 `` astrid , '' i answer , feeling like my heart is about to pound out of my chest . 
 `` not your stage name , '' he says , looking irritated . 
 `` your real name . '' 
 `` samantha . 
 sammi . '' 
 he looks unimpressed . 
 `` you twenty-one ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` twenty-two , actually . '' 
 `` you got id to prove that ? '' 
 i nod , sliding my fake id out of my back pocket and handing it to him . 
 i fight back the urge to flee as my fingers brush against his . 
 he leans back in his chair and studies the small rectangular card . 
 i know he is looking for signs it 's a fake . 
 he holds it up to the light , turns it over in his palm , and scrapes his thumbnail along the edge . 
 `` it 's real , '' i say . 
 he does n't respond . 
 `` what 'd you say your name was , again ? '' 
 `` sammi . 
 samantha peyton . '' 
 `` two first names ? '' 
 he says dubiously . 
 `` who has two first names ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` i do n't know , mr. ross . 
 it is a little strange . '' 
 he smirks , the closest thing to a smile he 's cracked since he called me up here . 
 `` well , sammi two-first-names peyton , what kind of job are you looking for ? '' 
 i ca n't believe i 'm saying this . 
 `` what kind of job do you want me to do ? '' 
 he drops the smile . 
 `` i 'm a busy man . 
 let 's cut to the chase . 
 you dance ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` you do private dances ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` you do anything else that sets you apart from the other hundred girls who come here each week looking for a job ? '' 
 i smile wickedly . 
 `` i can dislocate my jaw so my mouth opens real wide . '' 
 he laughs and slaps the desk in front of him , sending the papers spilling over the side . 
 `` i like you , '' he decides . 
 `` so why here ? 
 i mean , i 'm sure you know about our ... reputation . '' 
 i try to look young and helpless . 
 `` i just got out of a bad relationship , '' i say . 
 `` back home in texas . 
 i could use the protection you offer your employees . '' 
 he sucks on his lip , mulling that over . 
 `` your ex , '' he says . 
 `` is he a member of any rival motorcycle clubs ? 
 a cop ? 
 links to anyone i should be aware of ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you positive about that ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's just an asshole who thinks he owns me . '' 
 he nods , apparently satisfied with my act . 
 `` you wan na dance first or fuck first ? '' 
 he asks casually . 
 i grin from ear to ear , because i 'm in . 
 and i know it . 
 `` mr ross , '' i say , leaning over the desk so that my tits are inches from his face , `` after i fuck you , it wo n't matter how well i dance . '' 
 dornan slides past me as he shuts and locks the door , making sure to brush his hardness against my ass as he squeezes past . 
 there is plenty of room behind me and it 's completely unnecessary that he even needs to touch me as he walks past , but he obviously feels the need to assert his domination over me . 
 he stands behind me as i face the desk and i can feel his warm breath on my shoulder . 
 `` turn around , '' he commands , and i do . 
 he 's standing so close to me , i can feel the heat radiating from him in the already stuffy room . 
 his pupils are dilated and he 's clearly excited by me . 
 `` shirt off , '' he commands , and i oblige , whipping it over my head so that i am wearing nothing but my tiny cut-off shorts and a scrap of lace that cost way more than a bra of that size should . 
 i unhook my bra and let it fall to the ground between us . 
 `` nice , '' he says , cupping a breast in each hand . 
 `` not real , though . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i doubt any of your dancers have real ones . '' 
 he smirks , and i shudder inwardly . 
 i 'm going to make you a star . 
 `` shorts , '' he says , tugging at the frayed denim that hugs my thighs . 
 it is at this moment that i panic . 
 oh , fuck . 
 my hip bone . 
 the scars . 
 i really had n't been expecting to have to screw him right here in the office , not today . 
 i had expected to come in , talk business , and come back to audition at night when the stage was set for the rest of the dancers . 
 i know what will happen if he sees it . 
 he 'll kill me . 
 and this will all be for nothing . 
 he can see my hesitation and steps back . 
 `` you sure you can handle this kind of work ? '' 
 he asks me , obviously unimpressed . 
 i smile tightly . 
 `` of course . 
 i just was n't expecting it to be today . '' 
 `` you gon na fuck better next week ? '' 
 he asks impatiently . 
 `` no , '' i say quickly . 
 i turn around , shimmy out of my shorts and panties so that i am completely naked , and place my palms flat against the desk . 
 i turn my head to see dornan watching me with what appears to be a mixture of lust and intrigue . 
 `` i was just thinking , '' i shrug , flashing him a wicked grin , `` i should show you my best stuff straight off the bat . '' 
 he laughs and slaps my bare ass with his open hand , squeezing a handful of flesh . 
 he leans close to my ear , tugging a handful of my long brown hair , forcing my head back . 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 he asks quietly . 
 i think of how he ruined my life , how he ripped my father from me , how he took my virginity and shared it with his equally sick bastard offspring . 
 i think of the past six years , of staying hidden , of fearing for my life , and i set my jaw squarely . 
 i want to make you suffer . 
 `` i want you to make me a star , '' i say sweetly . 
 i want to bury you alive , you murdering fucking asshole . 
 he grins . 
 `` now that i can do . '' 
 i turn back to the desk and take a deep breath . 
 `` well , come on , then , '' i say , grinding myself against his hardness . 
 `` before i change my mind . '' 
 i hear a zipper , and feel his fingers as they explore my pussy . 
 `` you do n't get to change your mind with me . '' 
 i squeeze my eyes shut and bite down on my lip , tasting blood as he spits on his hand , using it to lube his cock . 
 i tense as i feel the tip of his shaft press against my opening . 
 i moan in pain as he shoves his cock deep inside my ass and groans loudly . 
 `` thought you liked it this way , sweetheart , '' he says , his balls slapping against skin as he gains speed with his strokes . 
 each time he pulls out , he thrusts back in with such force , i want to cry . 
 `` i love it , '' i whisper , hating every second of it . 
 i force myself to keep up the act , thankful that he wo n't see my tell-tale branding , and vow to get a tattoo to cover my stupid fucking scars first thing tomorrow morning . 
 i gasp as i feel a finger press against my clit , and despite my hatred , my traitorous body responds , melting like butter in the midday sun . 
 i suck in a breath as he continues to pleasure me , and i feel my inner resistance fraying and weakening with every swirl of his fingertip . 
 my ass is a cataclysm of pleasure and pain , and the way he is thrumming his fingers against my clit is making me dangerously close to coming . 
 i am defenceless against his skilled hands as he brings me to the crest of climax , a bitter war waging within me . 
 because it should n't feel this good . 
 i moan , bucking my hips against his as my body betrays me completely , greedy for that climax , eager for release . 
 `` baby girl , '' dornan moans , as i explode into a million pieces underneath his deft fingers . 
 that must turn him on , because just as my core clenches and i come , dornan pulls out of me , stays completely still for a moment , and then groans that groan , pushing my face against the desk and spilling hot cum all over my lower back . 
 i force myself to stay perfectly still , my legs shaking slightly because i 've been on my tiptoes , my cheek pressed against the cool desk , because if i do n't , i 'll scream . 
 i 'll scream and claw at his eyes and try to rip them out . 
 and i ca n't . 
 i ca n't just end it all , especially now that i 've let him inside me again . 
 he puffs , catching his breath , his hands still loose around my hips . 
 i lean awkwardly over the desk , mindful that if i stand up straight i 'll make a mess on the floor . 
 dornan reaches for a box of tissues on the desk and wipes his sticky fluid from my skin . 
 `` thanks , '' i murmur , turning around to face him , my arm precariously covering my hip . 
 he definitely looks more relaxed than when i first arrived , though he looks tired , too . 
 too many late nights . 
 too much blood on his hands . 
 too many innocent lives , ended at his will . 
 he strokes my breasts , seemingly absent-minded . 
 i want to push him away , to grab the silver letter-opener from his desk and jam it straight into the family crest on the back of his neck . 
 `` you can clean up in there , '' he says , pointing to the bathroom that adjoins the office . 
 `` take a shower if you want . '' 
 i 'll be taking a shower . 
 the hottest fucking shower ever to burn your touch off my skin . 
 `` i 'll be quick , '' i say , high-tailing it into the bathroom with my clothes still held over my torso , covering my scars . 
 i close the door , fighting an inner battle as to whether i should lock the door or not . 
 in the end i do n't , but i pull my shorts on immediately , not bothering with the shower . 
 i immediately feel better once they 're zipped up and the marred flesh on my hipbone is covered . 
 i grab a towel from the shelf and run it under the faucet until the water is warm , adding a squirt of soap to the material . 
 i wash my back as best i can . 
 i just need to be presentable enough to get back to my hotel before i give myself third-degree burns in the privacy of my own shower . 
 i put my bra and t-shirt back on and look at myself in the large mirror that hangs over the sink . 
 a complete stranger stares back at me , so different i would n't recognize her as me . 
 juliette had shoulder-length blonde hair , pale skin , and green eyes . 
 the girl i 'm staring at has dark brown hair that skims her ass , thanks to extensions , bronzed skin , thanks to hours lying in a tanning bed , and dark blue eyes that still reflect the tiniest hint of hazel that the contact lenses ca n't stifle . 
 i miss being juliette . 
 but i feel invigorated by my new appearance at the same time . 
 the anonymity it affords me is something i underestimated when dr. lee and i were going over my surgical rework plans . 
 i 'm on an adrenalin high ; having just screwed dornan , my ass is throbbing but my spirit is elated . 
 i did it . 
 i fucking did it . 
 i fooled him . 
 he has no idea who i am . 
 four when i exit the bathroom , dornan is back behind his desk as if nothing ever happened . 
 `` so , '' i say , as if i do n't already know . 
 `` did i get the job ? '' 
 he stabs the air with his pen , gesturing for me to sit down . 
 i drag out the metal stool from under the desk -- the desk we just fucked on -- and sit my throbbing ass down . 
 `` you into drugs ? '' 
 dornan asks . 
 `` drinking ? 
 what 's your thing ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i 'm kind of boring , really . '' 
 dornan smiles knowingly , and flashes his straight teeth . 
 he and his sons might be rough and tattooed , but they all have amazingly straight , white teeth . 
 `` well , '' i say , shifting uncomfortably in my seat , `` i have a lot of sex with a lot of different people . 
 could that be a problem ? '' 
 his smile stretches so wide i think his face might break under the weight of it . 
 `` i do n't see that being a problem , no . '' 
 `` i do have one other problem , '' i say , looking at the floor . 
 `` i mean , i just got here from texas , i do n't know anyone ... i 'm staying at a backpackers ' hostel a few blocks away , but i 'm going to run out of cash soon . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` you need cash ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i do n't take money unless i earn it . 
 i just need ... somewhere to stay , a few weeks at the most . '' 
 say it , dornan . 
 come on and fucking say it . 
 `` that 's not a problem , '' he says , waving his hand dismissively . 
 `` you 'll stay at the clubhouse . 
 plenty of extra rooms . 
 you 'll have to sign a non-disclosure statement and agree not to speak with anyone about what goes on there , of course . '' 
 hooked , line and sinker . 
 sucker . 
 `` what goes on there ? '' 
 i say , my bambi eyes as wide as i can stretch them . 
 `` baby girl , '' he replies , clearly high-fiving himself for his luck today . 
 `` why do n't you just see for yourself ? '' 
 he writes the address down on the back of a business card and hands it to me , letting his fingers brush against mine again . 
 i see the glazed look in his eyes and a small burst of adrenalin spurts into my stomach as i realize he 's pretty damn taken with samantha peyton . 
 `` here , '' he says , handing me a roll of crisp fifties . 
 there 's probably cocaine on them . 
 `` get yourself some nice clothes . 
 damn , i like those shorts , but you got ta wear something a little more upmarket if you 're gon na be working here . '' 
 i laugh to myself , thinking that he still holds his club to such a high esteem even though he 's turned it from an artistic burlesque club to a strip club and whore house . 
 the cell phone on his desk vibrates and he gives me one last look up and down . 
 `` i got ta take this . 
 go shopping , get yourself some nice things to wear , and i 'll see you here , '' he points to the address on the business card , `` tonight . 
 be there at eight . 
 we 'll go over everything then . '' 
 i smile broadly and offer my hand . 
 he looks at it , takes it , and pulls me across the desk . 
 i feel his lips on mine and the only thing i can do is respond . 
 he 's a good kisser , even though the feel of his hot tongue in my mouth makes me want to clamp my teeth down and bite it off . 
 he breaks away and lets go of me . 
 `` i think that 's a little more appropriate than shaking hands , do n't you think ? '' 
 i giggle , licking my lips . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 his phone continues to buzz angrily . 
 `` eight , '' he says , answering the phone and holding it to his ear . 
 `` now get that piece of ass out of here before i spend my entire day fucking it . '' 
 he starts barking things into the phone and i back away , grab my roll-along suitcase , and make my way as quickly and quietly as i can down the stairs . 
 i pass jase , who is still polishing beer glasses , but i do n't make eye contact . 
 i 'm almost at the set of doors , where i can go outside and fill my lungs with fresh air before i have a complete meltdown , when he speaks just behind me . 
 `` did you get the job ? '' 
 i turn slowly , ashamed that he has to look at me like this . 
 like a whore . 
 `` yeah , '' i reply quietly . 
 `` i got the job . '' 
 jase looks intrigued , and i have to wonder if he senses something about me . 
 about us . 
 after all , i might be samantha now , but before that i was juliette , the first girl he ever loved . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he asks me , setting a tray of glasses on a table between us . 
 julz ! 
 do n't touch her ! 
 get away from her ! 
 juliette ! 
 i turn , swallowing back a lifetime of tears , and smile at him . 
 `` samantha . 
 you can call me sammi . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` well , see you ` round , sammi . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say , and suddenly my sadness is so heavy , i 'm afraid i might collapse on the floor in front of him . 
 but i do n't . 
 i swallow back the hard lump in my throat and turn to leave . 
 `` see you ` round . '' 
 when i steal a glance over my shoulder as i 'm pushing the heavy doors open , he is still watching me . 
 five i nearly did n't make it out of la alive . 
 if it were n't for elliot smuggling me out of town and setting me up in nebraska , i would have been dead that very night i lay in hospital , broken and bleeding . 
 dornan 's second son , donny , had been on his way back to the hospital to inject a lethal dose of heroin into my veins while elliot was questioning me . 
 `` who did this to you ? '' 
 the young police officer asked softly . 
 i stared into space , unable to form words . 
 `` i 'd rather stay alive , '' i said finally , shaking my head . 
 he leaned close and whispered to me , so close i could almost taste the coffee on his breath . 
 `` it was dornan ross , was n't it ? '' 
 the fear that leapt into my eyes must have confirmed his suspicions . 
 `` i think they 're planning to kill you whether you tell me or not , '' he said urgently . 
 `` they 've been hanging around your room all afternoon , waiting for me to leave . '' 
 my entire aching body stiffened , and my heart started beating so fast , i thought it would explode out of my chest and drench the beige walls in a shower of red . 
 elliot eyed the small cart in the corner of the room that was meant for washing . 
 he lifted the lid and peered inside , pulling out a blood-stained set of green hospital scrubs with his fingertips . 
 he quickly and efficiently stripped down to his boxers , which would have been completely traumatising for me had i not believed that he was trying to help . 
 he dragged the green scrubs over his head and hopped around , trying to pull the pants on as quickly as possible . 
 he came back over to the bed and unhooked my iv from the stand . 
 i had a bag of morphine attached to the main saline bag , and a little button i could press to deliver a new hit of pain relief every fifteen minutes . 
 elliot pressed and held the button , delivering the maximum dose possible , and almost immediately i felt floaty and numbed . 
 `` scoot forward , '' he said , looking around behind him . 
 he lifted me as gently as possible , but i still screamed in pain from my broken bones being moved . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , covering my mouth so that no sound escaped . 
 he maneuvered me to the side of the bed so that my legs were hanging off , and eased me down into the laundry cart . 
 i wriggled down , biting on my fist to stop from screaming , and arranged myself so that the lid would close on top of me . 
 `` here , '' he said , handing me his gun , and that 's the moment when any suspicion i had about his intentions melted away . 
 `` if this does n't work , and somebody else opens this lid ... shoot and keep shooting , you hear ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you know how to use a gun ? '' 
 i nodded , tears streaming down my cheeks . 
 my father , up until a few weeks ago , had been the president of the most renowned and feared biker club in the united states . 
 of course i knew how to use a gun . 
 `` i 'm gon na get you out of here , kid . 
 i promise . '' 
 and he did . 
 six years later , elliot is n't a cop anymore . 
 in fact , he resigned from the force almost immediately after moving me to a safe house in nebraska with his grandmother . 
 juliette portland was reported dead in the hospital from internal bleeding the night he smuggled me out , and while we think that dornan bought the story , it 's always possible that he is still keeping watch for me . 
 i 'm standing outside a building with lost city tattoos emblazoned across the front , my dirty clothes switched for a spaghetti-strap white summer dress that skims my knees and shows off my enviable tan . 
 i 've just spent the last hour scrubbing every inch of myself in the shower of my hotel room . 
 i was n't actually staying in a dingy hostel . 
 i had a room at the bel air . 
 i figured i may as well enjoy my last few hours of freedom before moving into the clubhouse tonight . 
 i push the door open and am immediately hit by a breeze of cold air . 
 the air-conditioning is bliss against my reddened skin , which has started to prickle after only a few moments outside . 
 it is so much cooler inside , i think i might never leave . 
 i am expecting the humming of tattoo guns , but everything is silent . 
 i look around the room , seeing nobody . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i call , waiting for an answer . 
 `` hi , '' a voice behind me says , startling me . 
 i spin around to see elliot , still looking as gorgeous as he did the last time i saw him , only now more grown-up , and with tattoos covering every visible inch of his skin . 
 he wears a white t-shirt and dark grey dickie shorts , a pair of bright blue sneakers on his feet . 
 his face is the only thing that assures me of who he is . 
 i study his face and wonder if he knows who i am , then decide he probably does n't . 
 `` you do n't know who i am , do you ? '' 
 he immediately looks suspicious . 
 `` no . 
 should i ? '' 
 i shake my head , my fake southern drawl thick on my words . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i came here because i need a tattoo . 
 everyone says you 're the best . '' 
 he smiles , licking his lips , and i see a flash that i think is a tongue stud . 
 `` come on through , '' he says , leading me to one of the hard leather beds . 
 `` what kind of tattoo are you after ? '' 
 `` one to cover a scar , '' i say , biting my lip . 
 he nods , patting the bed . 
 i hoist myself up , studying his face intently . 
 he is the kindest person i have ever met , i think to myself . 
 he truly did risk his life to save mine . 
 `` okay , '' he says , smiling . 
 `` where 's your scar ? '' 
 i swallow thickly , gather my dress in my fist , and raise it so that he can see . 
 his face contorts into something tortured . 
 he looks at me , then the scars , then back at me . 
 `` julz ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 he takes in my hair , my skin , my blue eyes , my new nose . 
 he steps back as if horrified . 
 `` it 's samantha , now , '' i say , the accent gone , my breath hitching in my throat . 
 `` and i need your help . '' 
 six he does n't speak . 
 does n't move . 
 i suddenly feel ill , as though i have done the wrong thing by seeking him out . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say , pulling my dress back down and sliding off the bed . 
 `` i should n't have come here . '' 
 i try to leave but he catches my elbow , turning me to face him . 
 `` wait , '' he says . 
 `` please . 
 i do n't want you to go . 
 i 'm just a little ... shocked . 
 i have n't seen you in three years . '' 
 i just stand there , feeling pathetic . 
 `` juliette , '' he says darkly . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` sightseeing , '' i reply with a deadpan face . 
 he lets go of my elbow and walks to the front of the store . 
 he flips the sign hanging in the door to closed and locks the door , pulling the shade down so nobody can see in . 
 `` my apartment is upstairs , '' he says , looking at me like my appearance is causing him physical pain . 
 `` i think we need to talk . '' 
 `` and then you 'll tattoo me ? '' 
 i ask hopefully . 
 he appears to be fighting an inner battle . 
 `` if you tell me why you need those scars covered up , then sure , i 'll make you the best fucking tattoo you 've ever seen . '' 
 `` i 'll tell you why if you promise you wo n't try and talk me out of it . '' 
 he suddenly looks weary . 
 `` let 's just go upstairs , '' he says , `` before anyone else finds you here . '' 
 i look around the deserted shop , confused as to who exactly is going to find me in a store that is now locked , but i follow him upstairs anyway . 
 i am pleasantly surprised when i enter the apartment . 
 it is a far cry from the stark white of the store , and feels surprisingly spacious . 
 it has been decorated in a retro style , all black and reds , with hits of canary yellow here and there . 
 there are band posters covering the walls -- from a cursory glance , i can see bills for the ramones , the rolling stones and the red hot chili peppers . 
 knotted beams of polished oak run beneath my feet . 
 there are two low-back , black leather sofas facing each other with a glass coffee table between them and a gloss-black kitchen tucked off to the side . 
 elliot walks behind the bench and reappears several moments later with two open bottles of budweiser . 
 `` good idea , '' i say , accepting the one he offers me . 
 he sits across from me , and i ca n't help but remember the very first time i saw him after my father died , when he came back to nebraska . 
 i 'd been puking . 
 at first , grandma wrote it off as a stomach virus and kept me in bed for the week . 
 but one week slowly crept into two , then three , and i was still sick , still lying in bed all day , and the doctor eventually confirmed what she had secretly feared and what i had never considered . 
 i heard her on the phone to her grandson , late one night when i could n't sleep . 
 `` you have to come back here , '' she pleaded . 
 `` it 's bad , honey . 
 it 's real bad . '' 
 she knew everything . 
 she knew what they had done to me . 
 and now , she knew that i carried a lasting reminder of their treachery . 
 elliot was there the next day , sitting beside me as i puked into an old tin bowl . 
 he held my blonde hair back as i vomited , pressed a cold flannel to my neck . 
 he cared for me the way i desperately needed someone to care for me . 
 `` what do you want to do ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 even then , when i was only fifteen and he was just shy of twenty-three , he treated me like i was the most important person in the world . 
 `` i just want it to go away , '' i said . 
 `` can you make it go away ? '' 
 he clutched my hand , both of us trapped in a nightmare that never seemed to end . 
 `` yeah , '' he said , the rage in his clenched jaw meant for them , not me . 
 `` i can make it go away . '' 
 we drove to the clinic in silence . 
 he filled out the paperwork for me , used a fake id so nobody would know my real name . 
 he held my hand the whole time , as i was counselled , as i was prepped for theater , as the remnants of dornan 's duplicity were painfully sucked from my cramping womb . 
 he crouched at the foot of my bed as i bled and cried . 
 he stroked my hair and promised me he would kill dornan ross and his sons for what they had done to me . 
 that he would make them pay . 
 for everything . 
 i shake that horrid memory from my mind and focus on the here and now . 
 `` are you going to stare at me all day ? '' 
 i ask him gently , attempting to get a smile . 
 he slams his beer down on the glass coffee table and froth sloshes onto the wooden floor . 
 `` a goddamned ghost just walked into my shop asking for a tattoo , '' he says gravely . 
 `` excuse me for needing a minute to deal . '' 
 i look at the floor . 
 `` a ghost is someone who died . 
 i did n't die . '' 
 `` no , '' he says , shaking his head . 
 `` but everyone in this city thinks you did . '' 
 i sip on my beer as i study the intricate network of elliot 's tattoos that reach from each wrist to shoulder before disappearing under his shirt . 
 `` why are you back , julz ? '' 
 he asks , studying me intently . 
 my heart drops when i realize his hands are shaking . 
 `` hey , '' i say , setting my beer down and putting my hands over his so we are both cupping his beer . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to scare you . '' 
 `` fuck , '' he says bitterly . 
 `` the last time i saw you ... '' `` calm down , '' i interrupt him . 
 `` nobody knows i 'm here , i swear . '' 
 i take the bottle from his hands and set it down next to mine , and shift seats so that i am sitting next to him . 
 `` remember the last thing we spoke about ? '' 
 i whisper , taking his hands in mine . 
 it 's been so many years , but it feels like it was five minutes ago that he was holding my hands like this and promising me vengeance . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` yes , you do , '' i prod firmly . 
 `` you promised me you would make them pay . '' 
 his eyes go wide as he finally understands what i 'm here for . 
 `` julz , no ... '' `` elliot , yes , '' i murmur . 
 `` it 's time . 
 it 's time to make them pay for their sins . '' 
 he pulls away from me and stands , walking over to the window . 
 it is blessedly cool and dim in the apartment compared to the scorching heat outside . 
 i look at my iphone , aware that i am supposed to be at the clubhouse in four hours and require a tattoo that will take at least five . 
 still , i bear the moments as patiently as i can , worried that to push elliot will make him refuse to help altogether . 
 and , really , i can go to any tattoo artist and request a coverup for my scars . 
 but in a town run by dornan ross , i ca n't risk showing his macabre handiwork to a single soul . 
 because if someone finds me out , i 'm as good as dead . 
 and i still have so many things left to do . 
 `` it should have been me taking them down , julz , not you . '' 
 i speak gently . 
 `` grandma told me about your daughter . '' 
 he seems startled , fear registering in his eyes . 
 `` what i mean , '' i say quickly , `` is that i understand why you have n't been able to do anything about ... '' i 'm suddenly at a loss for words . 
 `` well , you know . '' 
 elliott rubs his eyes , and i wonder how many sleepless nights he has had since we met in an emergency room decorated in beige and bathed in my blood six years ago . 
 or how many sleepless nights since he drove away and left me all alone , three years ago ? 
 elliot keeps shaking his head . 
 `` you should n't have come back , '' he says . 
 `` you should have stayed away . '' 
 i rise from the couch . 
 `` i have four hours to get a tattoo that covers these scars . 
 i am doing this with or without you . 
 are you going to help me , or am i going to leave and find another tattoo artist to cover this shit up ? '' 
 he turns , seemingly shocked by my determination . 
 `` dornan knows artists all over this city . 
 you ca n't show your , '' his voice cracks , `` scars around . '' 
 `` elliot , '' i say firmly . 
 `` i 've dreamed about this for years . 
 i 've danced in the dark after the lights were switched off , teaching myself the things i needed to know . 
 i 've memorized every single thing about dornan ross and committed it to memory . 
 i am doing this with or without your help . '' 
 with my final outburst , i turn to leave . 
 i am bluffing , but he does n't know that . 
 i think of the last time we were together , three aching years ago , and i ca n't bear to think about how he walked away from me . 
 it was hot and dusty . 
 it was always fucking hot and dusty . 
 it had been a year since i had `` died '' , since i had been smuggled out of a hospital room circled by men who wanted to kill me , and delivered to a safe house thousands of miles away from everything i had ever known . 
 elliot was my one constant . 
 he was gentle and kind . 
 he listened to all of the demons inside me that were clamoring to smother me , to kill me . 
 he held me while i cried . 
 he wiped away my tears . 
 and then , inexplicably , he fell in love with me . 
 we waited for a long time to do anything more than fool around , but once we took that final step , i was his , body and soul . 
 i loved him . 
 he was my world . 
 only , he was n't enough to chase away the demons . 
 nothing was . 
 for the first three years after i escaped , i was a broken shell , trying to survive , trying to forget . 
 the scars , my constant reminder . 
 the sound of a motorcycle . 
 the touch of leather under my fingertips . 
 being in confined spaces . 
 i was broken , destroyed , and although he tried , elliot could n't put me back together again . 
 the first time i tried to kill myself , i swallowed a bottle of pain pills from his grandmother 's bathroom cupboard . 
 it did n't work . 
 i woke up and i was still alive . 
 elliot begged me to promise i 'd never do it again . 
 i did , and then the next day , i hooked up a hose to the exhaust of his car , locked the garage , and waited for sweet release . 
 of course , he found me . 
 cut through the garage door with an ax and saved my sorry ass . 
 the third time , i was so pathetically obvious that he found me in the bath before i 'd even had a chance to drag the razor blade down my wrists . 
 after the third time , he left . 
 because i was darkness , and he was sinking inside that darkness , and every time he tried to pull me out , i 'd hold him under with me . 
 i understood . 
 his life had revolved around saving my life for three whole years , and he could n't save me anymore . 
 `` i have nothing left to give you , '' is what he said , before he climbed into his car and drove away . 
 it was only after he 'd left me that i realized i had been going about things all wrong . 
 that it was n't forgiveness and forgetting that my soul truly craved . 
 once i set my sights on vengeance , life made perfect sense . 
 but by then , it was too late for elliot and me . 
 our time was up . 
 he was already with another girl , his baby in her belly . 
 so i stayed in nebraska and learned to dance , and dreamed of my revenge . 
 `` wait , '' he says . 
 i stop , still staring at the door that will take me downstairs . 
 he sighs audibly . 
 `` i 'll do it . 
 if you promise to tell me what you 're up to . '' 
 i spin around , the smile on my face impossible to fight . 
 `` i told you , '' i say , grinning like an idiot . 
 `` i 'm going to take them out . 
 dornan ross will rot in jail for life , and his sons will suffer , too . '' 
 eliot looks at me quizzically . 
 `` the cops have never been able to get anything to stick on ross or his sons . 
 what makes you think you 're different ? ' 
 i laugh . 
 `` well , i 'm the dead girl , are n't i ? 
 i 'm going to find that tape he made of me , and send it to every single tv station in the country . 
 they 'll have no choice but to charge him with my murder . '' 
 elliot nods , and a slow , sweet smile spreads across his face . 
 he takes the three steps across his apartment to reach me and pulls me into a bear hug so tight , i can barely breathe . 
 `` i missed you , '' he says , his arms pressed tight around me . 
 i think of how we were strangers once , pulled together by circumstance and a burning will to survive . 
 how , even though we have n't laid eyes on each other in so long , elliot is the one person on this planet who truly understands me and my past . 
 `` missed you too , '' i murmur sadly , wishing it did n't have to be like this , but knowing without a shadow of a doubt that it does . 
 seven four and a half hours later , i 'm running to the address dornan gave me . 
 of course , i do n't need to look at the card -- i know exactly where the clubhouse is . 
 i 'm almost there when it occurs to me that the address looked a little off , and i stop to fish the card out of my bag . 
 sure enough , the address on the card is not for the clubhouse at all . 
 i stand under the yellow glow of a street lamp , trying to massage the stitch out of my abdomen without touching the fresh tattoo gouged into my side . 
 i unlock my iphone screen and navigate to the maps section . 
 i plug-in the address that dornan has written down for me , and wait impatiently as it loads . 
 the little red dot is telling me to go in the opposite direction -- 200 yards to what appears to be an abandoned warehouse . 
 i jog the 200 yards and come to a stop in front of the warehouse , my fear a living thing inside me . 
 my heart sinks as i wonder why dornan wants me here instead of down the road at the clubhouse . 
 i jump suddenly as a dark figure materializes out of the shadows . 
 i immediately recognize him as jazz , dornan 's fifth son . 
 he is painfully thin , and it does n't take a genius to realize he has some kind of drug problem . 
 `` hey , sweetheart , '' he calls out to me . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` sammi , '' i reply , my heart hammering in my chest . 
 `` you 're late , '' jazz says , pushing open the enormous old roller door and gesturing inside . 
 `` you 'd better hurry up and come inside . '' 
 i hesitate for a moment , my feet itching for a decision . 
 fuck it . 
 i sling my bag over my shoulder , set my jaw , and walk to the doorway , ducking underneath the roller door . 
 i try not to cringe as it is slammed shut behind me , the sudden rush of cold air nipping at my heels . 
 it is dim inside the warehouse , and i struggle to see more than superficial figures as my eyes adjust to the lighting . 
 there are figures moving casually about . 
 from what i can see , all male . 
 before i can make out their faces , jazz has snatched my bag from my hand and immediately begins rifling through the contents . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i protest . 
 another set of hands pulls my arm behind my back , forcing it up in a painful v. i am slammed into a brick wall and the wind is knocked right out of my lungs . 
 be cool . 
 i feel hands patting me down , efficiently at first , before slowing down when they reach my inner thighs . 
 i stay perfectly still as someone - who , i have no idea -- gently teases my clit as they search me . 
 i do n't react . 
 `` where 's dornan ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` he told me to meet him here . '' 
 `` shut up , '' another voice says , and i turn to follow its owner . 
 it seems the fingering body search has ended , and i am allowed to move freely again . 
 dornan 's oldest son , chad , is standing in front of me , my iphone in his hand . 
 `` what 's the password for this thing ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 i smirk . 
 `` d ... i ... c ... '' i 'm about to finish that word when he throws the phone at the ground , so hard it explodes into a million tiny pieces . 
 i look at the ground in disgust and then back up at him . 
 `` oops , '' he says , raising his eyebrows for effect . 
 i do n't say anything , just hold his gaze without wavering . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 chad asks , repeating jazz 's earlier question . 
 if you knew who i was , you 'd shoot me in the head right now where i stand . 
 i look over at jazz as if to say , why do n't you tell them ? 
 he does n't speak . 
 `` it 's sammi , '' i say . 
 `` samantha . '' 
 jazz tosses my purse to chad , who pulls out my license and studies it intently . 
 `` what 's your address ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i act bored and recite my address perfectly , followed by my date of birth when asked . 
 `` what 's your license number ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i know it , but i also know that most people do n't . 
 that it 's probably more suspicious being able to rattle it off than it is to feign ignorance . 
 `` how the fuck should i know ? '' 
 i say incredulously , tossing my long hair over my shoulder . 
 `` do you know your license number ? '' 
 he laughs and shoves my fake license back into my purse , tossing it to jazz , who hands it to me along with my bag . 
 `` where 's dornan ? '' 
 i repeat . 
 `` i 'm supposed to start working for him . 
 i do n't want to be late . '' 
 dornan steps out of the shadows , and i jump minutely , unaware that he 's been watching the entire time . 
 `` baby girl , '' he says , his deep voice commanding respect among his sons , who seem to stand to attention all of a sudden . 
 `` you 're already late . '' 
 i smile nervously . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 the tattoo artist took forever -- '' `` tattoo artist ? '' 
 dornan cuts me off sharply . 
 `` what tattoo artist ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` some guy near the pier . 
 you wan na see ? '' 
 he smiles , and despite my hatred for him , i can definitely understand why so many women throw themselves at him . 
 his deep , booming gravel voice ; his unmistakeable good looks that he 's inevitably passed on to all of his sons ; those coal black eyes that miss nothing and give nothing away . 
 yes , i can see why he has seven sons to five different women . 
 he 's just got something i ca n't quite put my finger on . 
 a charisma , an allure , a larger-than-life presence . 
 even at forty-eight , he 's only getting better looking with age . 
 it makes me hate him even more . 
 `` sure , '' he says . 
 he looks impatient . 
 i smile , lifting my white dress so that he has a clear view of my lace panties , and stick my hip out . 
 dornan whistles . 
 `` that 's some nice ink you got there , sweetheart . '' 
 `` i got it for you , '' i say , smiling shyly . 
 `` i know all your girls have them . '' 
 the sons do n't seem impressed . 
 in fact , most of them look downright bored . 
 it 's ironic , really . 
 that , cunning as they all are , they do n't realize their judge , jury and executioner stands before them , painted in roses and ink . 
 my heart soars at the thought of what i will do to each of them . 
 eight twenty minutes later , we are in dornan 's room at the clubhouse . 
 i know he has a home , but his wife is probably there . 
 that poor woman . 
 after my humiliating strip-search , he whisked me away , up here , away from the curious eyes of his sons and fellow club mates . 
 i am equal parts relieved and annoyed . 
 relieved that i did n't have to put on a show in front of so many suspicious guys , or dance with my bandaged tattoo on full show . 
 annoyed because i ca n't breathe properly in this room , large as it is , since the windows all have metal bars on them and i am unmistakably trapped . 
 alone . 
 with him . 
 my scars are hidden nicely by elliot 's handiwork , but if someone knew what they were looking for , if they studied my skin long enough , they would find them . 
 `` you understand why i had to have my boys search you before you could come in here , right ? '' 
 i stretch out on his bed , resting on my elbows and attempting to look unperplexed . 
 `` of course . 
 you do n't want some crazy bitch coming in here . '' 
 `` or a cop , '' he says , looking at me sidelong through his thick eyelashes . 
 christ , his voice is so deep , i can feel everything he is saying rumble through me like a freight train . 
 `` when am i going to dance ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 i 'm not enjoying being cooped up in a room alone with him , and i 'm craving fresh air . 
 he smiles menacingly , and my stomach drops as i remember i do n't have my phone anymore . 
 that idiot smashed it right after his brother finger-fucked me . 
 shit . 
 `` you 're not going to dance , '' he says . 
 `` oh , '' i say , acting a little disappointed . 
 `` you want me to waitress or something instead ? 
 because i could show you my routine -- '' he kneels in front of me so that his face is inches from mine . 
 i can smell mint on his breath and some kind of aftershave mixed in with his sweat . 
 it 's not offensive , except that it 's his . 
 `` i have n't stopped thinking about you all afternoon , '' he says , walking his fingers up my thighs . 
 i smile naughtily at him as he threads a finger inside my panties , searching . 
 i fidget as he finds my pussy and inserts one finger , then two , then pushes three in . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i moan as he applies the slightest pressure to my clit with the pad of his thumb . 
 i ca n't keep looking at him , i need to close my eyes , so i pull his face to mine , our lips crashing together in a kind of frenzy . 
 he takes his hand away and tugs at my dress , taking it over my head before throwing it to the floor . 
 i wince as he lightly traces the intricate patterns of roses and a phoenix rising from the ashes that now adorns my midsection . 
 `` need to be inside you , baby girl , '' he moans , unbuttoning his jeans and letting his hardness rise to full size . 
 i have a chance to study it more closely . 
 yup . 
 no wonder my ass is so sore . 
 his cock is huge . 
 he does n't even bother taking my panties off , just pushes them to the side with rough , crazed hands . 
 i am equal parts thrilled and terrified that i have had this effect on him in the space of a few short hours . 
 i think briefly of my makeover and mentally high-five myself for getting everything completely right . 
 he pushes me down on the bed , hovering his cock between my thighs . 
 `` you 're mine now , '' he says , thrusting inside me with enough force to make me cry out . 
 he immediately starts pumping in and out , hard and fast , and my brain does battle with my body . 
 so many conflicting emotions are vying for my attention , i am completely and utterly overwhelmed . 
 ohhhh . 
 i open my eyes to see him above me and am immediately a scared , bleeding fifteen-year-old girl again . 
 no . 
 do n't think about that . 
 pretend he 's someone else . 
 remember why you 're here . 
 and that delicious knowledge of my deceit stirs something carnal in my belly , a snaking kind of desire that coils around me and squeezes tightly . 
 yes . 
 better . 
 i reach up and wrap my arms around his neck , the thrill of my treachery almost enough to make me orgasm on its own . 
 `` that feels so good , '' i moan , and he smirks because he thinks he is fucking me , when i am the one fucking him . 
 he is a skilled lover . 
 i do n't have anyone to compare him to , other than my high-school sweetheart from nebraska , but as he carries me to the brink of climax on a white-hot wave of pleasure and lies , i can not help but scream . 
 afterwards , we lie together , catching our breath . 
 i look at him out of the corner of my eye to see him staring back . 
 `` where 've you been my whole life , baby ? '' 
 he asks , running his hands over my breasts and between my legs . 
 his touch is everywhere , all over me , marking me as his , a possession that has been claimed . 
 i smile coyly . 
 `` in high school , probably , '' i giggle . 
 `` hey , now , '' he replies playfully . 
 `` do n't tell me i got ta prove to you that age does n't matter ? '' 
 `` i think you just did , '' i breathe . 
 we lie there in silence for a few blessed moments . 
 it gives me time to think . 
 time to plan . 
 dornan 's voice strikes that silence , shattering my moment of refuge . 
 `` i just have one question for you , baby girl . '' 
 one question . 
 sounds easy . 
 i turn to face him and nod in anticipation . 
 `` your ex . 
 what was his name ? '' 
 it 's one teeny , tiny white lie . 
 `` michael , '' i say , my fake backstory flashing before my fake blue eyes . 
 `` michael trevine . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` he 'll never hurt you again . 
 why wo n't he hurt you again ? '' 
 i smile dreamily , imagining the look on his face when they put him in orange overalls and slam his jail cell shut forever . 
 maybe they 'll give him the death penalty . 
 they should . 
 `` because , '' i say playfully , tracing his lips with my finger , `` i 'm yours ? '' 
 he just fucking laughs . 
 `` what have i done to deserve you ? '' 
 he breathes . 
 now i am the one who laughs . 
 nine i grew up next to the ocean . 
 until i was fifteen years old , i had no idea that some people could go an entire lifetime without ever seeing the sea . 
 and then , one night , i was forced to flee from it , ripped from its beauty forever . 
 i did n't see a beach for six years . 
 landlocked and bitter , surrounded by dirt and storms and nightmares of dornan ross 's face . 
 so when i wake up , after barely sleeping , to see his unshaven face peering down at me , it is all i can do not to scream . 
 `` whoa , '' he says , grinning like the cat that got the motherfucking cream . 
 `` bad dream ? '' 
 i sit up , pushing the sheets off me to discover i am completely naked , my tattoo angry and red and burning . 
 elliot warned me about this . 
 but instead of trying to avoid thinking about the pain , i relish it . 
 the burn helps me to remember why i am here . 
 it makes me remember how good it feels to be alive . 
 `` good morning , '' i say , rubbing my eyes . 
 i lean back , letting my breasts jut out in full view so that he can see them . 
 `` oh jesus , '' he says , groaning loudly . 
 i can see the bulge in his pants . 
 the man is literally ready to go any time of the day . 
 `` wish i could stay , baby girl , '' he says , handing me a mug of hot black coffee . 
 `` but i got ta go run a job with my boys . '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' i say , arranging the sheets around myself . 
 `` i 've got to go and get this tattoo finished , anyway . '' 
 `` oh , you 're not going anywhere , '' he says . 
 i almost choke on my coffee . 
 `` p-pardon ? '' 
 i ask , wiping coffee from my chin . 
 `` severe storm warning 's in place , '' he says , shoving his wallet into the back pocket of his jeans . 
 `` i 've got about ten minutes before this motherfucking weather outside becomes damn near impossible to drive in . 
 lucky we were n't planning to ride . '' 
 `` so , you want me to stay here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` by myself ? '' 
 he drains his own coffee cup . 
 `` nope . 
 my son 's gon na be here . 
 jase . 
 he 's staying behind with you . '' 
 he looks at me oddly for a moment , and i ca n't tell what he 's thinking . 
 `` besides , little runt is the only one of the lot that i 'd trust to take care of your fine ass . '' 
 he leans closer and smiles conspiratorially . 
 `` i 'm eighty percent sure he 's gay . 
 do n't tell anyone , though . 
 little fucker 'd be beaten to death by his brothers if anyone else knew . '' 
 jase . 
 fuck . 
 i just smile vacantly , my mind going a million miles an hour . 
 i 'm essentially trapped , without a phone or a way out . 
 i memorized elliot 's number , but that does n't actually matter if i have n't got a way of calling him . 
 and i do n't want to raise any suspicions by making a big deal of contacting him . 
 i just pray he does n't get impatient and report me missing . 
 especially since , technically , i 'm already dead . 
 `` okay , '' i say brightly . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 dornan chuckles as he pulls his leather cut on over his black t-shirt . 
 my throat gets tight as i see the club colors adorning the black leather , the president badge unmissable . 
 it is exactly like the jacket my father used to wear . 
 `` it 's a surprise , babe . 
 you 'll see soon enough . '' 
 a surprise . 
 i wonder what the fuck that could possibly be . 
 i have to strain forcibly to stop my eyes from rolling violently back into my head . 
 `` i like your jacket , '' i say softly . 
 `` it looks comfy . '' 
 he puffs his chest out and studies himself in the mirror next to the bed . 
 `` i got it when i became president of this club , '' he says , and something inside of me dies a little . 
 so it is my father 's jacket . 
 `` get dressed , '' dornan says , still preening himself in front of the mirror . 
 i obey , swinging my legs out of the bed . 
 i find my bag next to the bed and select a new outfit -- dark denim jeans and a white halter top that exposes my cleavage nicely . 
 i pull on the jeans and halter , then make my way into the adjoining bathroom to apply some more mascara and fix my bed hair . 
 ten minutes later , i am being paraded around in front of the club members who are still at the club . 
 we are downstairs in the main room , which features lots of low-back leather couches , a fully-stocked bar that we stand in front of , and a small stage at one end . 
 there are no windows , which makes me itch . 
 i know why . 
 windows mean people can see inside . 
 windows mean people can shoot bullets through . 
 i look around , scanning the dozen or so guys and girls hanging off dornan 's every nauseating word . 
 i guess most people have decided to return home after the storm warning was issued . 
 i tune in to what dornan is saying as he 's finishing up . 
 `` nobody is to touch her , '' he finishes . 
 `` she 's mine . 
 you hear ? '' 
 i smile vacantly as a few guys jostle and wolf-whistle and a few slutty-looking girls look seethingly jealous as they look me up and down . 
 dornan snaps his fingers and grabs my arm . 
 `` come on , '' he says . 
 `` time for me to go . '' 
 i trot after him like an obedient puppy , taking in every detail i can about the place . 
 some things have changed , and some have stayed exactly the same . 
 dornan is still an asshole -- that definitely has n't changed . 
 i follow him out of the main club room , down a narrow hallway that has several closed doors and which eventually opens up into a large kitchen , complete with several dining tables . 
 `` wait here , '' he says , stabbing a table with his finger . 
 i sit at the table and look up at him . 
 `` what am i waiting for ? '' 
 he leans on the side of the table and studies my face . 
 `` we 're just waiting , that 's all . '' 
 i nod , looking around the room . 
 photos of club members dot the walls , and my throat catches when my gaze lands squarely on a photo i remember well . 
 a photo i 've been carrying around for six years . 
 my copy now lies in a safety deposit box under another fake name in downtown la. . 
 my father . 
 i force myself to look away , certain dornan is studying me . 
 he may have allowed me into his club , but i know damn well that he still does n't trust me an inch . 
 jase hurries into the room a few moments later , looking as though he 's just stepped out of a shower fully dressed . 
 he 's creating a water slick behind him and when he stops in front of his father , that slick becomes a full-fledged puddle . 
 `` jesus fucking christ , '' dornan says , towering over his son even though they are both about the same height . 
 `` you 're making a goddamned mess , boy . '' 
 jase wipes the moisture from his face and more droplets of water rain down . 
 i have to force myself not to smile . 
 jase clearly enjoys making his father upset . 
 `` i had to ride through the rain . 
 it 's crazy out there . '' 
 it is only now that i realize he 's carrying a black motorcycle helmet in one hand , the chin strap looped over his fingers . 
 dornan shakes his head . 
 `` borrow a fucking car next time , '' he says . 
 `` i do n't need you dyin ' out there . '' 
 jase nods . 
 `` why 'd you call me down ? 
 i thought you wanted me in the club today . '' 
 dornan shifts so that jase can see me . 
 jase immediately looks unimpressed . 
 `` i got ta go on a run for a day or two , '' dornan says . 
 `` i need you to keep this one company for me . '' 
 `` this one ? '' 
 jase asks caustically . 
 `` is n't this one supposed to be working tonight ? '' 
 dornan looks from me to his son and sighs . 
 `` look , boy , i do n't have time to get into it now . 
 she 's something special , you hear ? 
 i 've decided she 's better off here at the club , keeping your old man company . '' 
 i am dying to speak , but i know dornan likes his women stupid and obedient , so i keep my mouth shut . 
 `` how long you planning to be gone ? '' 
 jase asks , looking generally disinterested . 
 `` two days , tops , '' dornan replies . 
 `` get kathy to cover you at the club . 
 and son ... '' he pulls me from my seat by my shoulder and stands me in front of jase - `` i would never let your brothers near sammi here , you understand ? '' 
 yeah , right , i think to myself . 
 `` but you , son , i know you 've had it real hard since raelene left us . 
 god bless her soul . 
 so if you wan na sample this fine piece of ass , '' he slaps my ass with his wide hand , `` you go right ahead , you hear ? '' 
 my whole body jumps a little at being slapped and i look at dornan questioningly . 
 jase is glaring at his father and refuses to look at me or even acknowledge my presence . 
 `` i do n't need your sloppy seconds , '' he says to his father , and i want to vomit . 
 this is so much harder , so much more real , than i ever imagined it would be . 
 the way jase looks at me , when he does look at me , makes me want to scream . 
 it is a far cry from the guy who offered me a glass of water and a seat yesterday , and nothing at all like the boy who wanted to save me from all of this once upon a time . 
 the boy who i used to love . 
 `` are you sure you 're not one of those fucking faggots ? '' 
 dornan asks , clearly pissed off at his son 's blatant rejection of what he no doubt considers to be a generous offer . 
 jase just rolls his eyes . 
 `` i 'm sure , pop . 
 go on now , before you miss your chance . 
 that storm is a bitch and it 's only getting worse . '' 
 lightning cracks on cue overhead and i jump nervously . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 jase demands . 
 i hate storms . 
 i fucking hate them with a passion . 
 when i was a little girl , i used to go and hide under my bedcovers and wait for the fury of mother nature to pass . 
 sometimes , when we were younger , jase used to hide with me . 
 `` nothing , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't like storms is all . '' 
 jase eyes me curiously , flicking his eyes up and down me . 
 in that moment , i wonder if he is going to guess who i am eventually . 
 he is clever and shrewd , and i am probably only a few careless remarks away from raising his suspicion . 
 `` they make my hair frizz , '' i add , trying to think of other reasons why people might hate storms . 
 `` i have to use my hair straightener , like , three times a day when it 's this humid . '' 
 jase looks at me like one might look at a cockroach squashed on the bottom of their shoe . 
 i shrivel inside under the power of his ambivalence . 
 you used to love me once . 
 i ca n't think of those things right now . 
 maybe not ever . 
 dornan pulls me towards him and plants his hands firmly on my ass cheeks . 
 `` gon na miss you , baby girl , '' he says , sucking hard at my neck so that i gasp . 
 he 's a grown man giving me a fucking hickey . 
 marking me as his . 
 i pull his face to meet mine and kiss him deeply , an i want to fuck you kiss that he must feel all the way to the tips of his toes . 
 he shudders slightly , pulling me towards him , and i feel his hardness against the itch of my fresh ink and tentatively covered scars . 
 `` do you have to leave ? '' 
 i ask sweetly , after we break apart . 
 `` we only just started having fun . '' 
 `` ugh ! '' 
 dornan groans . 
 `` you 're killing me , princess . 
 i got ta run . 
 the boys are waiting for me . 
 i 'll see you in a day or two . '' 
 i nod , trying to appear sad , and i yelp as he slaps my ass again . 
 `` watch her , '' he says , stabbing jase 's chest with his finger . 
 `` i 'm out . '' 
 he leaves without looking back , and i relax immediately . 
 `` happy that he 's gone ? '' 
 jase asks darkly . 
 i had forgotten that he was there for a moment . 
 christ . 
 i really need to keep my wits about me . 
 `` i 'm hungry , '' i explain . 
 `` all the man wants to do is fuck , and i have n't eaten since lunchtime yesterday . '' 
 he gives me a look so withering , it takes all of my will not to break down and tell him who i really am . 
 i did n't anticipate having to be in the same room as him , let alone be babysat by him . 
 being judged like a common whore by him . 
 jase strides over to the open window that separates the kitchen from the dining room . 
 `` hey , carol , you there ? '' 
 he asks , in a voice more like a teddy bear 's than the asshole tone he 's been using with me . 
 before i can think , a woman pops her head around the corner of the kitchen doorway , smiling . 
 `` hey , jase , '' she says , ruffling his hair . 
 i swallow hard and look for an escape that does n't exist . 
 `` sammi here missed breakfast . 
 do you think we could grab some cereal or something from the pantry ? '' 
 carol wipes her hands on a dishrag and smiles , looking straight at me . 
 i freeze like a deer in headlights . 
 she is only forty but looks closer to fifty , a life of excess and violence written in each deep line that draws out from underneath her huge green eyes . 
 her dark blonde hair sits atop her head in a messy french bun , peppered with fine slivers of grey . 
 `` hello , sammi , '' carol says , extending her hand . 
 `` you must be new here . 
 i can fix you anything -- eggs ? 
 toast ? '' 
 `` cereal is fine , '' i squeak as i shake my mother 's hand . 
 ten my mother sold me out for a bag of blow . 
 there . 
 i said it . 
 she was a terrible mother , a liar and a whore and a thief . 
 falling pregnant with me was an accident -- she was barely seventeen and had just met my father . 
 growing up , my father was like a mother to me as well . 
 and my mother , when she was around , was like a distant older sister who lashed out at me when i did something wrong , and yelled at me whenever i cried . 
 i learned from a very early age never to cry . 
 i perfected my poker face at three years old , the same age i learned how to climb out of my own cot , how to pull up a chair and fix myself breakfast how to call 911 when my mother overdosed on heroin in the bath . 
 she was a horrid mother , but she was still my mother , and i loved her more than anything . 
 the day dornan took me -- the day i `` died '' -- was like any other day . 
 my father was still at work at the factory ; my mother was tearing at her skin , out of cash and out of meth . 
 then uncle dornan knocked at the door , flanked by chad and maxi . 
 i was a streetwise kid . 
 i 'd grown up in the life , in the club . 
 i could see the guns bulging at their waistbands , concealed under thin shirts and patched leather jackets . 
 my mother answered the door . 
 i was in the kitchen , and heard voices . 
 they were looking for my father , was he home ? 
 when my mother told him that my father was still at work , dornan burst in , apparently unsatisfied with her answer . 
 then his eyes landed on me , and a shit-eating grin grew on his beard-stubbled face . 
 `` you 'd better come with us , juliette , '' he said , his voice like sharp gravel scraping against my bare skin . 
 i looked at my mother , alarmed . 
 something was n't right . 
 `` why ? '' 
 my mother asked , picking at her arm like she did when she was hanging for a fix . 
 dornan withdrew a knotted baggie of light brown powder from inside his jacket and held it in front of her . 
 heroin . 
 `` relax , darlin ' , '' he said , grinning . 
 i felt my skin prickle as my heart thudded faster . 
 `` we 'll have you back here in a few hours . '' 
 my mother looked uncertain . 
 `` why do you need julie ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she always called me julie . 
 everyone else called me julz . 
 except dornan . 
 he liked to use my full name . 
 dornan shook the baggie . 
 `` we just need her to help us find something , carol . 
 it 's a quick in-and-out job . 
 nothing untoward . '' 
 my mother bit her lip and looked from dornan , to me , to the baggie . 
 `` i do n't feel well , '' i said to my mother , backing away . 
 `` i do n't want to go . '' 
 dornan stepped closer to me , towering over my five-feet-tall frame . 
 `` it 's important , juliette , '' he said , his smile vanishing . 
 `` jason 's waiting for you . '' 
 he grabbed my elbow , steering me towards the front door . 
 `` mom , '' i protested . 
 dornan dropped the bag into her open palm and smiled victoriously . 
 `` you 're a good woman , carol . 
 i knew you 'd help us . '' 
 `` have her home for dinner , '' my mother said , turning and fleeing to the kitchen with her drugs . 
 dornan tugged me more forcefully . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 i yelled . 
 she did n't answer . 
 she ignored my pleading as three men dragged me out of my house and ordered me into the backseat of their car , the engine still running . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked them , annoyed and upset . 
 nobody answered . 
 dornan did n't make eye contact with me , just glanced up and down our street before slamming my door shut . 
 a moment later , he was in the driver 's seat , and activated the central locking . 
 i was trapped . 
 i rested my head against my window and stared at my house for what would be the last time . 
 i watched my mother through the open curtains as dornan reversed the car out of our driveway . 
 she looked completely engrossed as she drew up cloudy liquid into a syringe . 
 she did n't even look up from fixing her hit as her only daughter was driven to her death . 
 i sit in stunned silence , shoveling cheerios into my mouth , thankful that as the grains melt on my tongue , they are washing away the taste of dornan 's parting kiss . 
 i am faltering . 
 i do n't know if i can do this . 
 not now that i have seen my own mother stare through me as if i were a complete stranger . 
 she thinks i 'm dead . 
 i am experiencing a type of mourning for her , one that i never expected to feel . 
 she is a traitor , after all . 
 i think she knew what dornan was planning to do to my father , but she did n't care . 
 she did n't leave , or warn my father or me . 
 no , instead she ran to dornan , begging for money for her meth habit , always begging for money , and even when i supposedly died at his hands , she still did n't leave this godforsaken place . 
 `` you look like you 've seen a ghost , '' jase says quietly , swinging back on his chair so that only the rear two legs are touching the ground . 
 i drop my spoon into my milky bowl and wipe my mouth with the back of my hand . 
 `` am i going to get a running commentary the entire time your father is gone ? '' 
 i ask , pushing my bowl away . 
 `` because i 'd rather not . '' 
 he seems surprised at my sudden turn in mood , and , to be honest , so am i. i thought screwing dornan and having him stare at me like a sick puppy was going to be the most difficult part of this whole thing . 
 clearly , i was wrong . 
 jase widens his eyes and smiles cheekily . 
 `` hello . 
 is this the real samantha ? 
 because i like her more than the fairy floss bullshit you spin in front of dornan . '' 
 i smile back , but my smile is sour . 
 `` look , '' i breathe , leaning over the table , `` i like your father , do n't get me wrong . 
 he 's given me a place to stay and money to sort myself out . 
 but -- '' `` what ? '' 
 jase teases , swinging dangerously far back on the chair before slamming the front two legs back onto the ground so that his face is closer to mine . 
 `` you do n't like being cooped up inside while pop goes off with his merry band ? '' 
 i drop the smile . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 jase sniffs and nods , scanning the room . 
 `` i get it . 
 this is n't what you signed up for . '' 
 `` exactly , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm grateful , do n't get me wrong . 
 i 'm just a little ... overwhelmed right now . '' 
 jase narrows his eyes , seemingly in deep thought . 
 `` be careful around here , '' he says . 
 `` things -- people -- have a way of getting hurt if they do n't do what they 're told . '' 
 please pop , please do n't , they 're hurting her , please stop , stop stop stop . 
 i just nod , chewing on my lip . 
 `` thanks for the tip . '' 
 `` so , you hate storms ? '' 
 jase says , cocking his head to the side . 
 he is still trying to figure me out , i think . 
 he still suspects i 'm more than just a fuck buddy of his father 's . 
 `` i hate humidity , '' i shrug . 
 `` that 's all . '' 
 `` huh . '' 
 he is silent for a moment , then stands abruptly . 
 `` you wan na come up to the roof for a while ? '' 
 is n't that where the fucking storm is ? 
 `` i mean , unless you 're scared . '' 
 it 's an open challenge that he extends to me with an outstretched palm and a cocky grin . 
 asshole . 
 i smile , putting my hand in his and standing up . 
 `` only if you straighten my hair afterwards , '' i say playfully . 
 `` ahhh ... deal ? 
 i guess ? 
 how the hell do you straighten your hair anyway ? '' 
 `` with a flatiron , '' i smile . 
 `` game ? '' 
 `` i guess , '' he says , not looking too convinced . 
 as he leads me back to the hallway , he reaches his free arm around the doorway and snipes a bottle of jack from the kitchen . 
 `` for the light show , '' he winks , waving the bottle . 
 i just smile a lie as my stomach flips and my heart sinks all in one . 
 eleven the clubhouse has few windows and a lot of soundproofing , a dream for a girl who is terrified of thunder and lightning . 
 the minute we get to the top of the stairwell and jase opens the fire escape , i am cringing at the bright flashes of light and the menacing thunder that rips through every fiber of my being . 
 once the door is open , the noise of the wind and thunder becomes deafening , and i cower at the prospect of going out into it . 
 `` come on , '' jase yells above the din , pulling my hand . 
 `` trust me ! '' 
 trust him ? 
 of course i trust him . 
 he risked his goddamn life to try and save mine all those years ago . 
 but does sammi trust him ? 
 should she ? 
 `` fuck it , '' i breathe , unplanting my stubborn feet and following him outside into the howling wind and neon flashes . 
 it 's got to be better that being stuck downstairs with my mother . 
 i squint my eyes , cringing against the sudden assault of stinging , sharp raindrops that are almost solid enough to be considered hail . 
 they bite at my skin like tiny bullets , baying for my blood . 
 `` why the hell do you want to be out here ? '' 
 i yell at jase . 
 he tugs my hand and we keep running . 
 the visibility is terrible and i can barely see what 's in front of me , apart from thick sheets of icy rain . 
 lightning strikes uncomfortably close and i scream , practically jumping on jase . 
 he laughs , pointing at something in front of us . 
 at first , i do n't realize what it is -- it 's a room without walls , and it 's not wet inside . 
 it 's not magic , it 's a room made entirely of glass . 
 a greenhouse . 
 how odd , i think , and squeal again when another bolt of lightning strikes less than a hundred feet away . 
 i am practically glued to jase like a spider monkey stuck to his back . 
 i breathe a sigh of relief as he opens a door in the glass and pulls me inside , closing it behind us . 
 the storm still rages around us , but at least i feel a little more protected . 
 the room is pretty big , at least twenty feet across and with a stunning view of the venice beach coastline . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` a marijuana farm ? '' 
 jase smiles . 
 `` used to be . 
 until the cops started doing aerial surveillance . 
 now it 's my hangout when i get sick of being down there with my idiot brothers . '' 
 `` do you bring all your father 's whores up here ? '' 
 i ask him , wringing the extra moisture out of my long brown hair . 
 jase chuckles . 
 `` did you just call yourself a whore ? '' 
 i smile wickedly . 
 `` let 's keep ourselves firmly planted in reality , shall we ? 
 i 'm sleeping with your father so he 'll let me stay here in his club . 
 what else would you call me ? '' 
 jase raises his eyebrows . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 a girl who had to make some hard decisions to protect herself ? '' 
 i shrug , shivering . 
 `` that 's a much nicer way of saying it , '' i concede . 
 `` here . '' 
 jase shrugs out of his long-sleeved leather jacket and puts it around my shoulders . 
 i ca n't help but notice that the jacket is plain , devoid of any patches or club insignia . 
 that must piss dornan right off . 
 `` thanks , '' i say , a thrill coursing through me as his fingertips brush my shoulder . 
 i am amazed . 
 even after six years , even with him oblivious to who i actually am , there is a chemistry between us that cracks and fizzes like the storm that rages all around us . 
 `` take a seat , '' jase says , pulling out a couple of upended milk crates . 
 he sits on one and produces a half-empty bag of pretzels to go with the bottle of jack at his feet . 
 he munches on a pretzel before offering me the bag . 
 i take it , eating a pretzel and watching as he unscrews the whiskey and takes a long , deep drink . 
 i imagine how it must burn his throat , his tongue , his lips . 
 his lips . 
 `` do you always start drinking at ten in the morning ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 he grins cheekily and looks at me from underneath his thick black eyelashes . 
 he has his mother 's dimpled smile , and for that i am eternally grateful . 
 `` only when i 'm babysitting whores , '' he jokes , offering me the bottle . 
 i take a swig and the liquid burns all the way down to my stomach . 
 `` you do n't even know me , '' i say , popping another pretzel in my mouth . 
 `` i do n't even think you like me . 
 why bother bringing me up here ? '' 
 jase takes the bottle back and takes a swig , gulping the burning liquid down . 
 he studies me for a moment , giving me an uneasy feeling in my belly . 
 because he looks at me like he does know me . 
 `` you remind me of a girl i used to know , '' he says quietly , looking away . 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 i ask casually , a river of pent-up tears burning a hole in my fucking heart . 
 `` where is she now ? '' 
 he looks at the ground for a moment before meeting my gaze again . 
 `` she died . '' 
 i swallow back the enormous lump in my throat . 
 i ca n't cry . 
 if i cry , this is all over . 
 and it ca n't be over , not yet . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say quietly , my carefully laid plans threatening to shatter to pieces like the flimsy glass building we are sheltered within . 
 `` it 's fine , '' he says , waving his hand dismissively . 
 `` it was a long time ago . '' 
 we sit there in silence for awhile , munching on pretzels and sharing the jack . 
 after awhile i start to feel relaxed . 
 stop drinking . 
 you need to keep your wits about you . 
 `` your dad 's a little ... full on , '' i say finally , piercing the silence . 
 jase looks at me with an expression devoid of laughter or light . 
 `` he 's one of a kind , '' he says , and i can hear the bitterness in his voice . 
 `` you two are n't close ? '' 
 please say no , please say no . 
 `` huh ! '' 
 jase chuckles , but there is no joy in the sound . 
 it is more like a strangled cry of desperation . 
 `` no . 
 we 're not close . '' 
 there is so much more behind those words , a story i can tell he wants to share , but he 's smart not to . 
 he does n't know me . 
 i could go and blab everything he 's telling me to dornan . 
 `` he 's kind of scary , is n't he ? '' 
 i say gingerly , not sure how much he 'll reveal . 
 he just stares at me with his watery blue eyes until i want to blush under the power of his gaze . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` did i say too much ? 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i shift uncomfortably as he continues to watch me . 
 `` you 're kind of freaking me out , '' i say finally , looking away . 
 `` sorry , '' he says , the tension broken . 
 `` i just -- '' `` you just what ? '' 
 he leans closer to me and looks around nervously . 
 `` you need to be careful , '' he says , the worry in his voice clear . 
 `` you seem like a nice girl . 
 my father meets girls like you and gets a little obsessed . '' 
 `` i 've noticed , '' i say , no humor left in my voice now either . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i just wanted a job , '' i whisper . 
 `` now he 's got me here , i feel like he wo n't let me leave . '' 
 `` he wo n't , '' jason says flatly . 
 `` my father 's fucking intense . 
 he wants you , he 'll have you . '' 
 i look at him , horrified . 
 i remember dornan being obsessive and calculating when i was a child , but not like this . 
 although , he did organize for his sons to take turns raping a fifteen year old girl who called him uncle . 
 so , its not terribly surprising , i suppose . 
 `` you 'll be fine , '' he says quickly , seeing my face . 
 `` just do n't piss him off . 
 he 'll get a new obsession in a month or two , and then you can breathe easy . '' 
 i nod , suddenly overwhelmed and claustrophobic despite being in a room with see-through walls . 
 i take the bottle from jase and have a long , deep drink from it . 
 screw staying sober . 
 i do n't know how the fuck i 'm going to deal with being dornan 's prisoner when all i came here for was to dance at the burlesque club and get close to the clubhouse . 
 this close was n't part of the plan . 
 although , at the same time , it 's deliciously convenient and will no doubt speed things up considerably . 
 `` what happened to his last obsession ? '' 
 jase takes the bottle back but does n't drink . 
 he is thinking . 
 `` maybe i do n't want to know , '' i say reluctantly . 
 `` i ca n't talk about it , '' jase says finally . 
 `` i just met you . 
 he 's my father . '' 
 i nod , but inside i 'm deflated . 
 jase is protecting him . 
 he 's protecting dornan , who held his high school sweetheart down and raped her . 
 while he made jase watch . 
 `` i get it , '' i say flatly . 
 `` he 's your father . 
 of course you want to be loyal to him . '' 
 jase appears pained . 
 `` want to ? 
 have to . 
 you think you 're the only one trapped here with no way out ? '' 
 i swallow thickly and sit there , my heart pounding in my chest . 
 not protecting him . 
 being held hostage by him . 
 it all makes perfect sense now . 
 we stay in the glass house for hours , eventually talking of lighter things , only leaving when the sun decides to slip below the horizon . 
 by the time we do , something has definitely shifted between jase and sammi . 
 which is a wonderful thing to cling to amongst the madness i am drowning in . 
 when i finally collapse into dornan 's king-sized bed at midnight , tipsy and exhausted , i can only hope that he stays away another day . 
 twelve when i wake in the morning , i am still alone . 
 thank christ for small miracles . 
 after spending a blessed day with jase , the last thing i want to do is wake up to a nightmare . 
 i have a pit in the bottom of my stomach when i wake up , a nervous , cloying tension that something is wrong . 
 i wonder if it 's because elliot is going crazy trying to contact my useless , smashed phone . 
 there is a soft knock at the door and i sit up , tensed for whoever might be there , and wishing i had a gun . 
 i relax when jase sticks his head in . 
 `` awake ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i reply , stretching lazily . 
 i stand up , brightening when i see he is holding a tray with two coffee cups . 
 `` my father 's on his way back , '' he says . 
 `` should be here any minute . 
 you want breakfast ? '' 
 he holds up a brown paper bag . 
 `` i grabbed bagels . '' 
 i love bagels . 
 `` sure , '' i say . 
 `` just let me get changed . '' 
 `` meet you on the roof , '' he says , leaving my coffee on the dresser next to the door . 
 i sip the coffee as i change into a sleeveless turquoise-colored dress with little lace details cut into the hem . 
 i had to buy a whole new wardrobe when i had my boobs done . 
 nothing from my old life fits me anymore , which is kind of a good thing . 
 new clothes for a new identity . 
 i slip my feet into clear plastic flip flops and tie my hair in a messy bun on top of my head . 
 grabbing my sunglasses and my coffee , i head up to the roof . 
 this morning , the storm has cleared and the view of the ocean is stunning . 
 jase has buttered two blueberry bagels and sat them on a brown paper bag on the edge of the building , which comes up to my waist . 
 `` thanks for breakfast , '' i say , shoving a piece of buttery bagel in my mouth and following it with a slug of warm latte . 
 `` i would 've settled for cheerios and instant coffee , but this is delicious . '' 
 jase smiles . 
 `` no problem . 
 the first one 's free . '' 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what does the next one cost ? '' 
 he opens his mouth to answer me , but before he does , the fire escape door bursts open and several of the ross brothers appear . 
 i almost choke on the bagel in my throat . 
 `` they 're up here ! '' 
 chad calls down the stairs . 
 i stand there , looking for a weapon just in case . 
 i do n't know what they 're up to . 
 i do n't trust any of them for a second . 
 except jase . 
 my worst nightmare arrives at the top of the stairs , bound , gagged , and bloody . 
 fuck . 
 dornan pushes the poor boy forward , and i rush to them , freaking the fuck out . 
 this is bad . 
 this is so very , very bad . 
 `` baby girl ! '' 
 dornan booms , clearly amped up on a mixture of adrenalin and some kind of drug , probably crystal meth . 
 `` got you a gift ! '' 
 `` dornan , '' i stutter . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 dornan removes the boy 's gag , and grabs the back of his neck , pointing his gaze towards me . 
 `` remember her , motherfucker ?! '' 
 dornan demands , spittle flying from his mouth and landing on the boy 's face . 
 `` dornan , it 's not what you think ! '' 
 `` shut your mouth , '' dornan yells at me . 
 `` let him speak . '' 
 oh god . 
 what am i going to do ? 
 `` dornan , he 's not who you think he is -- '' `` chad , shut her the fuck up , will you ? '' 
 dornan points to me and before i can move , chad has sidled up alongside me and grabbed me in a bear hug , his hand planted firmly over my mouth . 
 i gasp , unable to scream . 
 i look over at jase , whose peaceful breakfast has been shattered by all the ruckus . 
 `` pop , '' jase says slowly , `` what 's going on ? 
 who the hell is this guy ? '' 
 `` what 's your name , son ? '' 
 dornan demands . 
 `` speak ! '' 
 `` m-michael . '' 
 michael trevine . 
 i just have one question for you , baby girl . 
 the boy is terrified . 
 one of his eyes is swollen shut , there is blood all over him , and i wonder how much of the long journey back to la was spent beating him . 
 tears form at the corner of my eyes as the full brunt of dornan 's obsession with me becomes apparent . 
 he left me here for this . 
 he asked me who my ex-boyfriend was , and then proceeded to travel across the country to kidnap an innocent boy from his house . 
 a boy who has never laid eyes on me , a boy who i found online and added to sammi 's backstory for credibility . 
 a boy with a gun pointed at his head . 
 i struggle against chad 's stronghold , but it is useless . 
 the guy is built , and he 's probably been snorting the white powder with daddy dornan all the way home . 
 i bite down on chad 's hand and he pulls it away , yelling at me . 
 `` he 's not my ex ! '' 
 i scream , fighting against chad 's rigid embrace . 
 dornan looks at me like a man possessed . 
 a man on a mission . 
 `` i lied , '' i gasp , still struggling . 
 `` i 've never met him before . 
 please , just let him go . '' 
 dornan lowers his gun and looks me up and down . 
 `` you do n't have to be scared of him anymore , '' he says . 
 he lifts the gun , his finger putting pressure on the trigger . 
 `` please ! '' 
 i scream . 
 my pleas go unheeded . 
 he pulls the trigger . 
 two things happen . 
 firstly , the roar of a single bullet as it leaves dornan 's gun and enters the back of the boy 's head . 
 secondly , almost at the exact same time , i am showered with a fine mist of blood and what i think are pieces of michael trevine 's skull . 
 michael lays on the ground , motionless . 
 the red cloud around his head grows swiftly , reaching my flip flops . 
 i scream and chad releases me , letting me slump to the ground . 
 i crawl through blood and bits of skull to get to the dead boy , cradling him in my arms . 
 he is heavy , a dead weight , because he is dead . 
 and it is my fault . 
 i heft the boy onto my lap and realize his eyes are still open . 
 fuck . 
 with trembling fingers , i reach over and press his eyelids shut . 
 i feel hands on my shoulders , pulling me away , and it takes everything inside me not to kick and claw and bite dornan as he carries me away . 
 he pulls my clothes off and puts me in the shower , where i huddle into a ball and stare at the lines of grout that separate each white tile . 
 you do n't have to be scared of him anymore . 
 i make a strangled sobbing sound , but nothing much comes out of my throat except a dried-up , pathetic scream . 
 dornan pulls me from the shower , wraps me in a towel and walks me to his bed , where he sits me down . 
 `` do you understand how much i care about you now ? '' 
 dornan asks with a throat full of gravel . 
 his hands are all over me , feverish , and i do n't fight back when he presses me down onto the bed and unbuckles his belt . 
 i just lay there , in shock , his lips at my throat and his hands roving every inch of my shell-shocked body . 
 `` do you know why i did that ? '' 
 he breathes in my ear as he grips my hips and slides inside me . 
 my breath hitches in my throat as he begins to thrust into me , and i feel a single tear roll down the side of my face . 
 `` because i 'm yours , '' i whisper into the darkness . 
 thirteen if i think watching michael die in front of me for a careless lie i created is bad , the aftermath is horrific . 
 dornan is high , the blood on his hands washed clean away but still leaving invisible handprints all over my body that spell murderer . 
 because it is my fault . 
 i should never have used a real person 's name in my fake past ; i should have just made one up . 
 it seems that the only thing that gets dornan hornier than a girl auditioning for a job by screwing him is killing her supposed ex-boyfriend . 
 the hours after he shoots michael are possibly even worse than the night six years ago when dornan and his sons took turns raping me . 
 because at least then i could struggle . 
 at least then i could scream . 
 now , here , it is like i am in a hell that i will never escape . 
 six years ' worth of nightmares are coming to life in the space of a few incredibly torturous hours . 
 dornan is high and he wants to fuck . 
 `` what 's wrong , baby girl ? '' 
 he keeps asking me over and over as i lay flat on my back , being fucked , unable to move . 
 i just have one question , baby girl . 
 after it has been going on for an hour or maybe more , i clear my raw throat . 
 `` stop , '' i plead . 
 he does n't stop . 
 i push his warm chest away from mine . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 i threw up my breakfast in the shower as i watched michael 's blood and pieces of skull rinse from my skin and drift lazily down the drain , gone forever . 
 i am shaky and starving . 
 for a moment , i think he will stop , afford me a small rest before he starts up again . 
 `` please ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` please just stop for a minute . '' 
 he does n't stop . 
 it 's the drugs , i realize . 
 he is frustrated . 
 he is hard and he is horny and the drugs are stopping him from having that release that he needs so desperately to calm down . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 i yell , pushing his chest with all my might . 
 surprisingly , he does n't pin me down as i suspected he would , but draws himself out of me and rolls to the side , coming to a standing position beside the bed . 
 i draw my knees up to my chest and watch in horror as he pulls a shiny black gun from his side table . 
 it is only now that i see his entire body is shaking , balanced precariously on the edge of an overdose . 
 `` what did you take ? '' 
 i ask calmly , sitting up on the side of the bed . 
 i am alarmed . 
 he ca n't die , not now , not before he suffers for me . 
 it would be too easy for him to just od and die before i 've made him regret ever meeting my father . 
 he does n't answer , just starts to pace the room , his cock still erect in front of him , his index finger nervously bouncing against the trigger of his gun . 
 `` dornan , you need to calm down , '' i say , still in shock and not ready for him to shoot me , too . 
 `` you 've taken something . '' 
 `` too pure , '' he says , `` too pure . 
 we got ta cut it down , cut it down -- '' `` hey ! '' 
 i say loudly , trying to cut through his incoherent monologue . 
 he swings around and presses the tip of the gun to my forehead . 
 i gasp . 
 `` why did you come here ? '' 
 he asks me , his breathing short and sharp . 
 he is angry . 
 angry and peaking . 
 stick to the story . 
 `` i had nowhere else to go , '' i say honestly , and it is true . 
 i had nowhere else to go . 
 `` you know what i did for you ? 
 the risk i took ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i know . 
 thank you for protecting me . '' 
 the words are pouring out of my mouth before i can even think . 
 i will do anything for him to take the gun away from my head and calm down . 
 `` i fucking risked everything for you , and you do n't even care ? '' 
 oh god . 
 oh godohgodohgod . 
 `` i do care , '' i say , and i do the only thing i can think to do to calm him down . 
 i take his cock in my hands and start stroking back and forth , making a tight fist . 
 he seems to relax almost immediately , but does n't take the gun away . 
 i look up at him through my eyelashes and see his face still incredibly tense , his body twitching with too much pent-up energy and high-grade methamphetamine . 
 i have to do something . 
 i take his cock and guide it gently to my mouth , teasing the underside with the tip of my tongue . 
 his whole body is still shaking but he moans and drops the gun to his side , his other hand stroking my hair . 
 i keep going , thankful that i at least do n't have to look at him . 
 i pretend that we are other people , somewhere else , and this , too , makes it easier to keep going . 
 i sigh with relief when the gun clatters to the floor and he uses both hands to grip the sides of my head . 
 `` baby girl , '' he moans , rocking his hips in rhythm , his cock as hard as ever . 
 i take him all in , as far as my mouth will open , and he suddenly tenses . 
 `` ohhhh , '' i hear him say as hot cum hits the back of my throat . 
 it takes every muscle in my body locked rigid so that i do n't choke . 
 i am suddenly overwhelmed by a claustrophobic , trapped sensation that goes from my mouth all the way down to my stomach . 
 dornan staggers back , a sated smile on his handsome face . 
 i swallow thickly , looking around the room for something -- anything -- to get the taste of him out of my mouth . 
 i spy my half-drunk coffee from the morning , sitting innocently on the nightstand . 
 i have no idea how it got here . 
 i reach for it and take a swig of the cold liquid , sighing as it floods my mouth with sugar and bitterness . 
 my eye notices something on the cup and i look closer . 
 i shudder . 
 a fine mist of blood coats the styrofoam , and i drop the cup to the floor as if it has burned me . 
 i turn my hand over to see that some of the blood is flecked on my palm . 
 disgusted , i wipe my hand on the dark bed sheets . 
 i look up to see dornan has already passed out face-down on the bed in the space of about ten seconds . 
 i finish wiping my hand and fish a pair of skinny jeans and an oversized black t-shirt printed with a skull and crossbones out of my suitcase at the end of the bed . 
 i dress quickly and tiptoe out of the room as quietly as i can . 
 making my way to the roof , i take the stairs two at a time . 
 i need fresh air in my lungs or i will scream . 
 pushing the fire escape door open , i am panting audibly . 
 i am two steps outside when i realize my error in choosing to visit michael 's place of execution . 
 i try to back up when i discover i 've forgotten to wedge the fire escape open . 
 fuck . 
 i am stuck out here , with the afternoon sun beating down on my skull , blood at my feet . 
 at least they took the body away . 
 i ca n't look at the floor or i will throw up , and i 've got nothing left in my stomach . 
 the concrete is still damp with someone 's efforts to hose the blood away , and i cringe as i think of the poor boy 's blood now coating the entire roof floor in microscopic detail . 
 i focus on the sea breeze ahead of me , the glare of the afternoon sun overhead , the ocean lapping lazily at the shore a few blocks ahead . 
 i am so preoccupied with the view , leaning against the waist-high wall with my palms digging into sharp brick edges , that i almost fall off the side of the building as i hear a crash behind me . 
 i startle , turning to see where the noise has come from . 
 it is jase . 
 he looks worried . 
 when i see him , i almost cry . 
 but i do n't . 
 i swallow back bitter tears and turn back to the view of venice beach , unable or unwilling to look at him -- i 'm not sure which . 
 i feel him take up a spot beside be and flinch when he passes something in front of my face . 
 `` hey , '' he says , steadying me with the slightest touch of his palm on my shoulder . 
 `` i cleaned your sunglasses . 
 do n't fall off the roof , okay ? '' 
 i take the sunglasses and put them on , relieved that the throbbing sun is now a little less intense . 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i press my fingers into the sharp bricks , to keep myself from breaking down . 
 `` with your father , '' i bite out . 
 now i am the one shaking . 
 my skin is slick with sweat and heat radiates from me , but i am so cold , my teeth are chattering . 
 `` hey , '' jase says , and i can hear the worry in his voice . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he presses his hand in the small of my back , as if to lead me away from the edge , and i flinch , backing away from his hand . 
 he holds his palms up in a supplicating gesture and shrugs . 
 `` i was just going to get you a seat , that 's all , '' he says . 
 `` you hungry ? 
 i can get you some food . '' 
 food . 
 my stomach decides for me . 
 i follow him blindly towards the greenhouse , stumbling in bare feet and too-long jeans , tiptoeing around the wettest part of the concrete -- the place where michael trevine bled out . 
 `` here . '' 
 he points to a worn , brown leather chair that was n't there yesterday . 
 `` sit here . 
 i 'll grab you something to eat . 
 i can hear your frigging stomach growling from here . '' 
 i sink into the chair , thankful for the weight off my legs . 
 i grip the leather armrests and time passes , how much i 'm not sure . 
 the only point of reference i have is the sun , which has moved from overhead to in front of me . 
 i estimate that it 's about five in the afternoon when a thought suddenly slams into my brain like a freight train . 
 elliot . 
 shit . 
 i need to call him . 
 i need to go to him . 
 right fucking now . 
 the urge to flee this place has me itching all over . 
 i want to get out . 
 i want to get out . 
 iwanttogetout . 
 jase returns after a while , balancing a plate of what looks like some kind of meat casserole with mashed potato . 
 it smells like my childhood . 
 fuck . 
 i ca n't do this . 
 `` carol was serving dinner to the boys , '' he says , handing me the plate and a fork . 
 i take the plate , my hunger beating the emotions i feel at the prospect of my mother cooking this meal for the ross brothers a few rooms away while i was giving my father 's murderer a blow job . 
 i demolish the plate in record time and briefly consider licking it clean . 
 if i were alone , i definitely would . 
 i set the plate down at my feet and stare ahead blankly . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 jase asks me , his voice tinged with fear . 
 `` no , '' i reply . 
 `` i told you , my dad can get pretty obsessed sometimes . 
 just ... be careful what you say to him , okay ? '' 
 i nod vacantly , chewing on my lip . 
 `` i 'm sorry for what happened . 
 really . 
 my brothers are just like him . 
 they 're animals sometimes . '' 
 i know that . 
 `` is there anything i can ... do for you ? 
 get for you ? '' 
 i do n't answer him . 
 `` samantha ? '' 
 i tear my gaze from the floor to meet his pinched eyes . 
 `` i want to get out of here , '' i say to him . 
 `` just for a few hours . 
 just to cool off . 
 do you think you can help me with that ? '' 
 i have to get to elliot before he comes looking for me here . 
 they will kill him if he turns up , i am sure of it . 
 jase nods , seemingly relieved that i have broken out of my stupor to respond to him . 
 `` yeah , '' he says , patting my closed fist with his hand . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 when i do n't move , he waves his hand in front of my face . 
 `` earth to samantha ? '' 
 the gentle way he says samantha makes my heart leap a little . 
 `` how come you do n't call me sammi ? '' 
 i ask him as he offers his hand and pulls me up to my feet . 
 he furrows his eyebrows . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 samantha is classy . 
 it suits you better . '' 
 `` classy , '' i repeat . 
 `` pfft . 
 i do n't know where you got that idea from . '' 
 he looks at me with a serious look on his face , still frowning . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i say . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` you do n't really belong here , in a place like this . 
 i thought that from the minute i saw you . '' 
 you have no idea how wrong you are . 
 `` i grew up in a place just like this , '' i reply . 
 `` it 's just like home . '' 
 he does n't answer me , but his eyes are full of questions . 
 full of worry . 
 full of the past . 
 `` come on , '' i say . 
 `` let 's get out of here before your father wakes up . '' 
 fourteen i follow jase down the stairs and through the kitchen . 
 i do n't look into the servery -- the last thing i want to see is my mother when i 'm leaving , and i do n't know if i 'm coming back . 
 i am scared . 
 i forgot how crazy dornan ross was . 
 and i ca n't get the image of that poor kid 's blood and brain matter out of my mind . 
 when jase turns left at the hallway , i hesitate . 
 `` come on , '' he says . 
 `` my bike 's this way . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say . 
 `` i thought we 'd just go in a car or something . '' 
 he smirks and looks me up and down . 
 `` we 're in a biker club , samantha , not a goddamn minivan club . '' 
 `` i do n't have a helmet . 
 or a jacket . '' 
 i look down at my bare feet . 
 `` or shoes . '' 
 jase just laughs as he continues down the hallway . 
 `` you think you 're the first girl who ever came in without a helmet , jacket , or shoes ? '' 
 well , i do n't have anything to say to that . 
 i just shrug in response . 
 jase slides the thick steel door at the end of the hallway open , and ushers me inside . 
 i immediately smell oil , leather , and sweat all mingled together . 
 i look around , taking in the impressive line-up of harley davidsons that sit two and three deep in the massive garage . 
 `` that 's a lot of bikes , '' i breathe , squinting under the harsh fluorescent lights that illuminate the warehouse-sized space . 
 jase goes over to the far wall and rummages through a clear tub full of helmets . 
 fishing one out , he gestures for me to come over . 
 i thread my way carefully through the maze of metal , mindful that if i knock one bike , i 'll start a domino effect of epic proportions . 
 he puts the helmet on the counter next to him and hands me a pair of women 's white canvas sneakers . 
 they are at least a size too big for me , but i bend down to lace them tightly so they will stay on my feet . 
 next , he grabs a beaten , chocolate-colored leather jacket from a hook above the counter and passes it to me . 
 i shrug into it and find the zip , pulling it up to my chin . 
 `` here , '' he says , fitting the open-face helmet on my head . 
 `` how 's this ? '' 
 i am about to reply , but the door is dragged open again and loud voices fill the once-peaceful space . 
 it is two of the ross brothers -- chad , who held his hand over my mouth as i screamed for dornan to spare an innocent life , and mickey , the fourth brother . 
 they are chatting in an animated fashion , every second word fuck , when they lay eyes on me . 
 `` hey , darlin ' , '' chad says , striding through the silent motorcycles to where we stand . 
 `` where you off to ? '' 
 jase looks at him without a single ounce of brotherly affection . 
 `` i 'm taking her for a ride , chad , '' he bites out . 
 `` nothing for you to worry about . '' 
 chad slides between his brother and i , forcing jase to step back . 
 his chest is pressed into mine but i stand my ground , looking up at him through a haze of violent memories , my jaw set stubbornly . 
 `` sorry about your little boyfriend , '' he says with a broad smile , not sorry at all . 
 he runs a finger down my arm , from shoulder to wrist , and smirks when i jerk my hand away . 
 `` sorry about your little hand , '' i reply , not taking my eyes off him for a second . 
 his smile twitches , and for a moment i get the oddest sensation that he is going to take a swing at me . 
 instead , he leans real close , so that i can feel his breath on my face . 
 it smells sickly sweet , like pineapple flavoring or those ultra-caffeinated energy drinks . 
 `` i know what you 're up to , '' he says menacingly . 
 `` you think you can just come in here because you 're screwing my pop ? 
 it ai n't that simple , sugar . 
 there are rules around here . '' 
 i raise my eyebrows and laugh , unnerving him . 
 `` your father 's head over heels for me . 
 i doubt very much anything you have to say will sway his mind . '' 
 the smirk reappears on his face , and he slams me against the wall with brute force , planting his hands on either side of me so that i am effectively trapped . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 jase bellows , trying to pull his hulkish brother away from me . 
 mickey suddenly appears and pulls jase roughly by the back of his shirt . 
 `` he 's not going to hurt her , brother , '' he says . 
 he seems irritated , and bored . 
 everyone here is always either cruel or bored . 
 `` yeah , '' chad drawls , grinding himself against me . 
 the move is n't sexual so much as dominating . 
 `` i 'm not gon na hurt her , baby brother . '' 
 with that , he yanks my black t-shirt up with one hand and rips the clear plastic dressing off my stomach with the other . 
 fuck . 
 the lighting is so bright in here , and the coloring is n't finished . 
 can he see my scars ? 
 he scrapes his calloused hand along the length of my freshly scabbed tattoo , making me wince . 
 he studies the design , poking and prodding , before letting my t-shirt fall again , apparently satisfied . 
 `` nice tatt , '' he says , baring his teeth in a vicious smile . 
 `` thanks , '' i spit back . 
 `` if you wanted to see it , all you had to do was ask . '' 
 `` i do n't ask , sugar . 
 i tell . 
 and you know what else i 've got to tell you ? '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` i 'm sure you 're about to give it to me . '' 
 he leans close and whispers in my ear . 
 `` when you get angry , you lose that little southern drawl you 're putting on , sweetheart . '' 
 i do n't visibly react , because i already know he is suspicious of me , but inside i turn cold and fill with dread . 
 `` that michael boy had n't seen your slut face in his lifetime , '' he spits . 
 `` i 'm onto you , darlin ' . 
 and once i figure out what you 're playing at , it 's game over for you . '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 any argument i put forward is going to sound like defensiveness . 
 i think of ten different comebacks , and every one of them makes me look culpable . 
 `` you 're crazy , '' i say instead . 
 he grins and steps back , still observing me closely . 
 `` crazy smart , '' he replies . 
 his eyes look funny , and i 'm guessing that he is just as high as dornan was when he was insatiable this morning . 
 `` that 's enough , '' jase says , pushing his brother aside . 
 this time , chad lets him , laughing . 
 `` you like her , baby brother ? '' 
 he teases . 
 `` you wan na fuck her ? 
 because pop does n't share his women with his sons . '' 
 jase ignores him , handing me my helmet and guiding me by my hand to his motorbike , which sits in a sea of identical bikes . 
 `` check her for weapons ! '' 
 chad calls to his brother , laughing like an asshole . 
 `` cavity search the bitch in case she has a knife hiding up there in her lying pussy . '' 
 i turn my head to glare at him and he grins . 
 i remember that grin . 
 it is the grin of a thousand nightmares . 
 the grin of someone without a soul . 
 the grin of a firstborn son who has been given a virgin to rape as penance for her father 's sins . 
 as the oldest brother , chad had been given the green light to go first . 
 his younger brothers pinned me down , one on each hand and another holding my feet . 
 chad 's eyes lit up like a kid on christmas morning when he approached me , his jeans unzipped and his erection full and tight in his hand . 
 `` you sure you do n't want to do this , pop ? '' 
 he asked dornan , his eyes full of lust and malevolence . 
 dornan laughed and shook his head , slapping his oldest son on the back . 
 my eyes grew wide as he lowered himself onto me and forced his leg between my thighs , creating a juncture . 
 i did the only thing i could think to do . 
 i started to beg . 
 `` please do n't do this , '' i begged him . 
 `` chad , please . 
 i 've never ... i 've never done it before . '' 
 shame at being exposed in front of eight men turned my skin red and i began to cry again . 
 chad grinned that grin , and i started to struggle against the hands that held me down . 
 i bucked and screamed like a wild animal caught in a snare as chad draped himself over me , a wicked glint in his eyes . 
 i squeezed my eyes shut , unwilling to see what i knew he was about to do . 
 and then . 
 pain . 
 burning , searing pain that never stopped . 
 it felt like i would break in half . 
 i screamed so loud , my throat felt like it would collapse . 
 a hand covered my mouth , muffling my sounds , and i bit down on that soft flesh , choking as i tasted coppery blood spring forth . 
 `` bitch ! '' 
 chad yelled , punching me in the jaw so hard i felt bone crack . 
 i gargled an unintelligible noise as something soft , some kind of fabric , was stuffed into my mouth to still my screams . 
 `` well , i 'll be goddamned , '' chad groaned , as i burned and cried . 
 `` tight little bitch was telling the truth . '' 
 i tear my gaze away from chad , a scowl on my face , and watch impatiently as jase kicks his bike over . 
 it roars to life , the sweet sound of a roaring harley and the exhaust fumes conjuring a lifetime of happier memories of my father . 
 i focus on those , trying desperately not to slip back into that other memory , determined not to let chad best me before i 've even put up a fight . 
 jase nods his head to the side and i swing my leg over the seat of the bike , shuffling forward and wrapping my arms around his hard midsection . 
 the minute my feet are securely braced on the passenger pegs , jase takes off , and i hold on tighter as he accelerates . 
 he maneuvers the beast of a bike deftly through the stack of other gleaming machines , until we are at the roller door . 
 he fishes a remote out of his pocket and presses a button on it , sending the roller door skywards . 
 sunlight drowns the artificial light and i squint without my sunglasses . 
 my entire body relaxes as we leave the confines of the clubhouse and drive through the open gate , the bike hugging the road as jase rides with precision and skill . 
 i can feel a smile growing wider on my face as my long hair whips behind me , my legs snugly wrapped around the first boy i ever loved . 
 even if he does n't know who i am , even if he can never know ... in this moment , just to be alone with him , on the open road , is enough for me . 
 after we get a few miles , jase slows the bike and pulls over to the shoulder . 
 smiling , he turns his head and speaks . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 he asks . 
 elliot . 
 `` i need to get this tattoo colored in , '' i say , loud enough so that he can hear me over the roar of the engine . 
 `` lost city tattoos ? '' 
 he nods and turns back to the road , checks his mirrors , and we take off again , destined for elliot and his needles and his questions . 
 i think i need a drink . 
 fifteen i saunter casually up the sidewalk , jase by my side . 
 i am a squirming bundle of nerves inside at the prospect of elliot chewing me out , but outwardly i attempt cool , calm , and collected . 
 `` here we are , '' i say at the door to elliot 's studio , handing jase my helmet . 
 `` meet me back here in a few hours ? '' 
 jase looks uncomfortable and scans the sidewalk on both sides of us . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 jase breathes out audibly . 
 `` if you run , my father will fucking kill me . 
 literally . '' 
 `` wait , you think i 'm going to run ? '' 
 jase shrugs . 
 `` i would if i were you . '' 
 i point to a hooters across the road . 
 `` you can keep an eye on me and order beer from hot girls with nice racks , '' i say . 
 `` what do you say ? '' 
 he shifts from foot to foot . 
 `` i 'll just come in with you , '' he says . 
 `` wait , '' i say , putting my palm flat against his chest . 
 `` if you must know , i kind of ... cried last time i got tattooed . 
 and he told me the coloring in is worse than the outline . '' 
 jase relaxes perceptibly and steps back . 
 `` okay , '' he says . 
 `` well , i 'll be just across the road . '' 
 i smile sweetly . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i wait patiently until he has crossed the road , wave him off and take a deep breath , pushing the heavy glass door to elliot 's studio open . 
 the bell above the door chimes to signal that someone has entered , and i jump ten feet in the air . 
 elliot is tattooing a butterfly on some woman 's lower back when i walk in . 
 he notices me immediately and stops his work , the gun clattering onto the tray beside him . 
 `` okay , '' he says to her . 
 `` we 're all done for today . 
 make sure to give us a call next week and book in for your final appointment . '' 
 the lady sits up , a look of confusion on her face . 
 `` are n't you gon na finish it now ? '' 
 she asks . 
 elliot squirts her skin with a layer of antiseptic solution and tapes a piece of plastic-backed gauze on top . 
 `` nope , '' he says . 
 `` you 're bleeding too much . 
 have you been drinking , ma’am ? '' 
 the guilty look on her face provides an answer . 
 elliot gently but firmly pushes her out of the door , promising that her finished tatt will look just gorgeous next week . 
 once she leaves , he spins around to face me . 
 `` where the hell have you been ? '' 
 he asks , his expression frustrated . 
 i smile in case jase can see us from here . 
 `` we 're being watched , '' i say to him through my cotton-candy grin . 
 `` are you gon na take me back there and color me in , or what ? '' 
 his entire demeanor changes when he understands that there are eyes on us , and he points to the table that the old lady had been prostrate on only moments before . 
 i take my shirt off and hang it over the seat beside the table , my breasts covered by a plain black bra that is struggling to contain their ample size . 
 elliot seems a little flustered , and i grin wickedly . 
 `` you like them ? '' 
 i ask him , waiting for him to bite . 
 `` i got them for a good price . '' 
 `` shut up and get on the table , whatever your name is , '' he says , and i ca n't tell if he is amused or annoyed . 
 i hoist myself onto the table and lay down , wincing as i rip my bandage off in one go . 
 `` they 're just boobs , el , '' i say , settling against the squeaky plastic . 
 he takes a moment to look at them dubiously before shifting his attention to my face . 
 `` they 're hot . 
 i do n't want to talk about your boobs , though . '' 
 he snaps a plastic bag open and withdraws a single-use needle chock full of ink that will stain my skin permanently . 
 `` i want to talk about where the fuck you 've been for three days not answering my calls . '' 
 his words are bitter and i can tell he has thought of nothing else except me and my safety since i left here three days ago . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say quietly . 
 `` they took my phone and smashed it . '' 
 `` well , are you okay ? '' 
 he asks me , his voice straining to sound normal under the weight of his despair . 
 his blue eyes are oceans of worry and hurt , and i have to look away before i really do cry . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i say . 
 `` i got in there . 
 they bought my story . 
 that 's it . '' 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 elliot stops fumbling with needles and packages and stares at me questioningly . 
 `` what do you mean , that 's it ? '' 
 i grit my teeth and take a deep breath , the events of the past three days a broken record of pain , blood , and lust playing on repeat in my addled mind . 
 i ca n't tell him about michael . 
 he would never speak to me again if he knew the depths of my treachery . 
 `` dornan liked me straightaway , '' i say in a monotone voice . 
 `` he liked me a little too much . '' 
 elliot 's hands are empty and i can hear his nails digging into the hard plastic that covers the table i lay upon . 
 `` julz ... '' he growls . 
 hot tears fill my eyes and i look up at him angrily . 
 `` do n't call me that , '' i say viciously . 
 `` do n't you ever call me that , do you understand ? 
 do you want us to both get killed ? '' 
 he lets go of the table and shakes his head . 
 `` did he hurt you ? '' 
 he asks , his fists in tight balls . 
 `` yes , '' i say honestly , blinking the tears away . 
 `` but i let him . 
 it 's all part of the act . '' 
 he goes to grab my shoulders and i look at the front door in alarm . 
 `` jason is watching , '' i say in a high-pitched voice , and i see elliot use every single reserve of strength he has to back away from me and collect his tattoo gun from the counter . 
 he preps the needles , each one holding dye that will soon be on my skin . 
 `` how 'd you convince him to stay out there , anyway ? '' 
 elliot is crazy angry , but attempting normal conversation at the same time . 
 super . 
 i stretch out on the soft plastic bed . 
 `` i told him i cried last time i got inked , and it would be way too embarrassing for me if he watched . '' 
 elliot smirks despite his earlier tirade , his needle poised at my hipbone . 
 `` so , '' he asks stonily , `` you gon na cry ? '' 
 i clench my fists as he begins to drag sharp needles through the sensitive , scarred flesh that covers my hipbone . 
 `` hell , no . 
 it takes more than a little tattoo gun to make this girl cry . '' 
 sixteen three hours later , my tattoo is completely shaded in , blacks and dark reds a swirl of patterns and seeping blood across my midsection . 
 i am sweating , and my skin is simultaneously numb and screaming alight , each nerve crying its own confused protest . 
 `` i thought this was n't supposed to hurt , '' i asked elliot as he applied a new dressing . 
 `` i thought i was meant to get a huge rush or something ? '' 
 elliot paused , staring at the fresh blue and purple bruises around my wrists , where dornan pinned me to the bed after he shot michael . 
 `` your body only has so much adrenalin , '' he says , taking my wrist and studying the flesh with an unreadable look on his face . 
 he brushes his warm fingertips lightly across the bruises , a deep frown settling into his forehead . 
 `` you 've probably used it all up . '' 
 the front door jangles , scaring the hell out of me , and i look up to see jase at the front counter of the shop . 
 he eyes us cautiously , obviously noticing the tenderness with which elliot is touching my bruised wrists . 
 `` you done ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 i nod eagerly , sliding off the bench and carefully pulling my t-shirt back over my head . 
 i wince as the fabric touches my inked skin ; even though the plastic forms a barrier , it does n't stop my skin from protesting at the merest touch . 
 `` do n't forget to bathe it every day and keep it clean and dry , '' elliot says , as he 's no doubt said a thousand times before . 
 he hands me an after-care kit which includes gauze pads , saline solution , barrier cream , and a business card with the landline of the studio printed across the front in large numbers . 
 smart . 
 `` got it ! '' 
 i say , making my way towards the door , where jase waits . 
 i do n't look back at elliot . 
 if i look back , i 'm screwed . 
 remember why you 're here . 
 my mantra , a chant that keeps me sane in times of trepidation . 
 fuck dornan over . 
 kill his sons . 
 send the rest to jail . 
 find that tape . 
 live happily ever after . 
 pfft . 
 we step outside to a day that has almost entirely disappeared ; wisps of aubergine cloud hang low in the sky , waiting for the night sky to swallow them completely . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 jase asks , lowering his sunglasses to look at me . 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm kind of starving . 
 are you hungry ? '' 
 jase smiles . 
 `` yeah . 
 i called the clubhouse , pop 's still sleeping it off . '' 
 he must notice my face fall as he says it , and back-pedals furiously . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he stutters , `` i did n't mean -- '' `` beer , '' i say to him in response . 
 `` i could really use a beer . '' 
 he frowns and points to my midsection . 
 `` are you sure you 're supposed to drink after getting a tattoo done ? 
 does n't it bleed a lot or something ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` let 's find out . '' 
 he laughs , and the sound is sweet in a world full of hurt and lies . 
 `` come on , then , '' he says . 
 `` i know a place on the beach that you 'll probably like . 
 you eat mexican food ? '' 
 i think of how , as teenagers , we would visit venice beach to get away from our parents , where we would drink cheap beer and order nachos after swimming in the sea for hours upon hours . 
 i swallow a lump in my throat and smile . 
 `` sounds great , '' i say . 
 as we make our way towards the beach , only a couple hundred meters away , i ca n't get the past three hours out of my head . 
 the conversation with elliot was a roller coaster , to say the least . 
 `` what 's your game plan , anyway ? '' 
 elliot spoke carefully as he pressed sharp needles into my flesh . 
 i was already bathed in sweat , my fingers curled around the sides of the bed . 
 `` i 'm going to take them out , one by one . 
 dornan last . '' 
 i breathed heavily to the hum of the gun . 
 `` take them out ? '' 
 elliot had muttered . 
 `` what do you mean , exactly ? '' 
 i locked eyes with him and he stepped away from me , his gun poised in his hand , silenced for the moment . 
 `` you mean to tell me you 're going to kill all of them ? '' 
 i smiled darkly , and i could tell he was grasping for a way to talk me out of it . 
 `` you should have stayed in nebraska , '' he said through gritted teeth . 
 `` this is insane . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i challenged him . 
 `` because they do n't deserve to die ? '' 
 the tattoo gun dropped to his side and he looked frustrated . 
 `` because it should n't have to be you who does it , '' he said with an air of finality . 
 `` elliot ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i sat up and reached across the void that separated us , touching the intricate ink sleeve that adorned his muscled arm . 
 `` i 'm sorry i could n't do it for you , '' he said , looking completely defeated . 
 `` i wanted to . 
 i did n't think about anything else . 
 and then ... '' `` i understand , '' i said , feeling robbed that i could n't pull him to my chest and give him the biggest , tightest hug . 
 instead , i focused on his arm , and the tattoos that adorned it . 
 there were stars and skulls , a pretty pin-up girl with blonde hair , a babushka doll , a sickle , and a gun . 
 birds were scattered in the spaces not taken by other symbols , and i swallowed thickly as i realized i was staring at the story of his life without me . 
 i brushed my fingertip lightly against the babushka doll , certain it was for his daughter . 
 `` you have something to live for , el . 
 something far more important than revenge . 
 you have a family . '' 
 he smiled sadly and looked down at where my fingers lay on his skin . 
 `` kayla was an accident , '' he said , rubbing his finger across the babushka doll . 
 he raised his t-shirt sleeve and i saw the word kayla captured in a swirling red ribbon across his shoulder . 
 `` mandy wanted to have a termination , but -- '' my breathing stilled for a moment at that word . 
 `` i would n't let her , '' he murmured . 
 `` i told her what it was really like to watch that happen . 
 god , i 'm sorry , julz , '' he finished , and i did n't bother correcting him . 
 `` i did n't mean to mention that shit . '' 
 i smiled through my sadness . 
 `` do n't be sorry , '' i replied , my heart swelling and twisting for elliot with an emotion i had n't felt in years . 
 `` i 'm happy something so nice came out of something so horrible . '' 
 he relaxed and held up his tattoo gun again . 
 `` we should finish this . '' 
 i nodded and lay back down . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he poised the needle above my skin . 
 `` which one first ? '' 
 he asked , and i immediately knew what he was asking . 
 which one was i going to kill first . 
 `` chad , '' i replied softly . 
 `` the oldest one . '' 
 the worst one . 
 he nodded and i tensed as he gouged sharply into my flesh . 
 seventeen `` hey . 
 earth to samantha ! '' 
 jase is waving a hand in front of my face . 
 we have stopped at the end of the venice beach boardwalk and all of the crazy that lies along it . 
 i can see a guy juggling fire , a middle-aged filipino woman belting out bad karaoke , and plenty of body builders still working out at the bank of metal gym equipment that sits in the sand . 
 memories of being a teenager flood through me . 
 it even smells the same . 
 i have to force myself to pay attention to jase as he speaks . 
 `` you want to eat ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` let 's swim , '' i say , drawn to the ocean like a magnet . 
 i kick my borrowed shoes off and leave them on the sidewalk , stepping off into the gloriously warm sand . 
 it feels blissful . 
 it feels like home . 
 jase smirks . 
 `` we do n't have bathing suits . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` my underwear will work , '' i say , tugging my shirt off and throwing it on the ground beside the shoes . 
 i unzip my pants and shimmy them down , kicking them onto the pile as well . 
 i am wearing only a black bra and matching bikini-cut panties , and i know i look good . 
 i look back at jase and laugh . 
 `` come on , '' i say . 
 `` unless you 're scared . '' 
 `` scared of getting arrested , '' he says devilishly . 
 `` i do n't wear underwear . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` well , at least roll those jeans up and step into the water with me . '' 
 i leave him on the sidewalk , cussing at his laced boots as he tries to pull them off , and run across the sand and into the water . 
 diving underneath the surface , i keep my eyes firmly closed in case my contact lenses should become dislodged . 
 between my tattoo , my contact lenses , and trying to remember my fake name , keeping this disguise up is starting to get really annoying . 
 and it 's only the beginning . 
 i surface again and kick my legs , the salt water a welcome cleansing from the horrors of the past few days . 
 jase hovers at the edge of the water . 
 his toes are barely getting wet . 
 he has removed his leather jacket and shirt , and i can appreciate his six-pack and build from where i float lazily . 
 the gangly boy i left has morphed into a very attractive man . 
 his tattoos are completely different to elliot 's -- mostly gang related -- and when he turns to look up the beach , i catch sight of his gypsy brothers tattoo . 
 it looks identical to the one dornan sports , and my stomach roils . 
 turn around , jase . 
 he does , wading in a little deeper so that the water laps at his ankles . 
 `` come out here , you pussy , '' i tease him . 
 `` my jeans 'll get wet , '' he says . 
 i stick my lip out and pout dramatically . 
 he laughs at that . 
 `` the water 's soooo good , '' i say . 
 he fishes his keys and cellphone out of his pocket , throwing them on the sand just out of the water 's reach . 
 nobody will touch them . 
 he 's a gypsy brother . 
 they pretty much own venice beach . 
 he strides into the water , up to his knees . 
 the bottom of his jeans are immediately soaked with salt water . 
 `` further , '' i call , kicking backwards . 
 he shakes his head and does n't move . 
 i swim towards him , a devilish grin on my face . 
 `` do n't -- '' he warns , but before he can finish his sentence , i pull his arms , making him keel over into the water . 
 he surfaces , laughing and spluttering , and my heart feels a little less heavy . 
 `` thanks , '' he says , his voice dripping with sarcasm . 
 `` welcome , '' i reply . 
 `` told you the water was good . '' 
 he just shakes his head , smiling in amusement . 
 he watches the horizon for a moment before speaking more seriously . 
 `` so are you , like , my dad 's old lady now ? '' 
 i almost choke . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i splutter . 
 `` my pop . 
 are you guys , like , an item ? '' 
 my smile is completely gone , and i press my feet firmly to the sand beneath us . 
 but he has posed an interesting question . 
 does dornan consider us in a relationship , no matter how short our acquaintance has been , no matter how blatantly dysfunctional ? 
 `` i do n't know , '' i say honestly . 
 because i do n't . 
 the unexpected closeness with dornan has presented both a blessing and a curse -- i have unparalleled access to him , his club , and his sons , but at the same time , if i continue , i will have to spend the majority of my time with the person i hate more than anything in the entire world , the person who ripped my entire existence apart and stole everything i ever cared about . 
 `` i think he 's pretty smitten , '' jase says , and i do n't know what i hear in his voice -- jealousy ? 
 resignation ? 
 i shrug . 
 `` i only just met the man . 
 all i wanted was a job at your burlesque club . '' 
 i did n't want him to shoot my supposed ex-boyfriend -- an innocent stranger -- and then hold a gun to my head . 
 `` my father 's not the kind of person you say no to , '' he says seriously , squinting into the sun . 
 `` and here we are , '' i reply . 
 he does n't talk for a few moments , and i use the time to swim in a slow circle around him . 
 `` i 'm sorry about my brother , hopped up on fucking energy drinks , '' he says finally . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 i ask , stopping my breaststroke . 
 i float in front of him , then put my feet back onto firm sand . 
 `` chad , '' he says , chewing his lip thoughtfully . 
 `` people always think he 's high , but he 's not . 
 he drinks those goddamn guarana drinks from the minute he gets up in the morning . 
 guy 's gon na have a heart attack one of these days . 
 i 've tried telling him , but ... '' i can only imagine how that conversation went . 
 `` i like those drinks , '' i say , laughing . 
 `` almost as much as i like beer . '' 
 `` do n't touch the ones in the fridge back at the clubhouse , '' he says . 
 `` chad 'll murder you in your sleep . 
 they 're all his apparently . '' 
 i smile vacantly , a twisted idea beginning to form in my mind . 
 guy 's gon na have a heart attack one of these days . 
 my smile turns into a shit-eating grin . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jase asks , flicking water in my face . 
 `` nothing , '' i say , flicking water back . 
 `` i was just thinking about how good that beer would be right now . '' 
 we drag dry clothes onto our wet bodies , and they cling to our skin as we drink beer and eat fish tacos on the sidewalk . 
 it grows dark and i watch the fire juggler absently , thinking over the details of my plan . 
 my mind is suddenly racing so fast that i can barely concentrate on what jase is saying . 
 because i think i have figured out how i am going to kill chad . 
 and it will be delicious . 
 eighteen it takes a week to organize my little plan , all the while being fucked by dornan at every opportunity he can find . 
 he fucks me in the shower , in his office , in his bed , and over a pool table . 
 i thank the stars that he has not thought to fuck me on the stage of the burlesque club , because if he did , i think i would evaporate under the burden of my lies and he would surely guess that my real name is juliette portland . 
 ten days after my arrival , i enact my plan . 
 it is a quiet sunday afternoon in the clubhouse , and chad is alone in the massive garage where all of the bikes are parked . 
 there are n't many bikes here today -- dornan and most of the club have gone on a ride , and chad has had to stay back , having just had his knee operated on . 
 i can immediately tell that he is pissed off at being left , and he is hobbling around furiously , clanging spanners and swearing at his bike as it sits on its stand , most of its parts on the floor in messy piles . 
 i saunter in and close the door behind me , an open can of his favorite energy drink in my hand . 
 `` hey , chad , '' i say , tilting the can as if i am drinking it . 
 i do n't let a drop of the liquid touch my lips , though . 
 i mean , i do n't want to die . 
 chad looks up , wearing an annoyed look , and his eyebrows bank together when he sees me . 
 `` what the fuck do you want ? '' 
 he asks , clanging more tools around . 
 he does a double-take and stands up again , hobbling around the bike to me . 
 he snatches the can out of my hand and i feign surprise . 
 `` do n't drink my fucking drinks , bitch , '' he says , slamming the can onto the counter next to him . 
 i wait patiently as he continues to work on the bike . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd mind , '' i say , leaning on the counter next to him , making sure he has a good view of my cleavage . 
 it 's always a great distraction . 
 `` you should n't drink so much of that stuff , you know . 
 your body ca n't handle it . '' 
 he snorts and throws his spanner to the ground , narrowly missing the bike . 
 he reaches for the can and takes a giant gulp , sneering at me . 
 bingo . 
 `` what the fuck you smiling at , bitch ? '' 
 he asks , slamming the can back down beside me . 
 almost immediately , he appears confused , and i can only imagine how fast his heart is starting to beat . 
 he becomes drenched in sweat instantly , and sways on his feet . 
 i shrug , making my eyes wide and innocent . 
 `` feeling okay , chad ? '' 
 i ask , laughing as he crashes to his knees . 
 he screams as his freshly reconstructed knee makes a meaty pop and a cracking noise , and i can only guess that the operation has been reversed quite severely . 
 `` what the -- ? '' 
 he pants , clutching his chest with both his hands . 
 i kneel in front of him so that we are eye to eye , and pat his head condescendingly . 
 `` there , there , '' i mock him as if he were a dog , `` it 'll all be over soon , chad . 
 you wo n't suffer as long as you made me suffer . 
 that 's unfortunate , but necessary . '' 
 his eyes blank out for a second , and i shuffle backwards , not wanting to be pinned by his burly weight when he keels over in about ten seconds . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he splutters , holding his chest . 
 i smile as a feeling of supreme triumph washes over me . 
 i kneel in front of him and lean close to his ear , my breath on his skin the last thing he will ever feel . 
 `` my name is juliette , '' i whisper , `` and you just got fucked , chad . '' 
 i climb to my feet and continue to watch as he struggles . 
 `` you bitch , '' he spits , his face turning red . 
 he keels over , his shoulder hitting the floor with a solid thwack . 
 it takes forever for him to die . 
 when he is good and dead , i smile . 
 because it feels good . 
 it feels even better than i thought it would . 
 one motherfucker down . 
 six to go . 
 i wipe my fingerprints off the can , place it back on the bench , and step over chad 's motionless body . 
 making my way out of the garage with the tenacity of a stealthy cat , i head to the roof unseen . 
 along the way , i grab a beer from the fridge and knock the lid against the timber bench to pry it loose . 
 taking the stairs quickly and quietly , i burst onto the roof . 
 jase is sitting in a beanbag he has dug up from somewhere , watching the sun set over venice beach . 
 i stand behind him , admiring the view . 
 `` hey , '' he says . 
 `` i just came out to watch the sunset before i go to work . '' 
 i sit cross-legged on the enormous beanbag beside him , sinking into the beans , my body so tired , so spent . 
 `` you even brought me a beer , '' he jokes , gesturing to my full corona . 
 i smile and take a sip , holding it in front of him . 
 `` here , '' i say . 
 `` i only wanted a taste . '' 
 his hand brushes mine as he takes the bottle from me , and i wait a second too long before i let go . 
 our eyes lock together , a dark worry settling over his features as he , too , must feel the spark that alights between us . 
 `` samantha -- '' he says . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 he frowns and takes a swig of beer . 
 `` do n't what ? '' 
 i stare at my hands . 
 `` do n't say it . '' 
 he takes a long , deep breath and lets it out in a whoosh . 
 `` how do you know what i was going to say ? '' 
 i put my hand back over his , both of us gripping the bottle . 
 `` i just do , '' i reply , squeezing his hand tight . 
 i think about how much i love him , how much i have always loved him , and it is enough to make me sob . 
 but i do n't . 
 i ca n't . 
 i 'm not finished yet . 
 there are still so many things i have to do . 
 six brothers -lrb- gypsy brothers # 2 -rrb- i have lied . 
 i have cheated . 
 i have given my body and my life to the man who destroyed my family and left me for dead . 
 i have killed , i have sinned , and worst of all , i have enjoyed the misery of others . 
 i have licked the salty tears of a father mourning his firstborn son , and nothing has ever tasted so sweet . 
 i have died , and i have been resurrected , a phoenix from the ashes . 
 i know i 'm going to hell . 
 i 'll burn in the fiery pits alongside dornan and his sons for the things i 've done , and for the things i 'm about to do . 
 but i do n't care . 
 it will be worth every lick of the devils flames on my guilty flesh to destroy dornan ross . 
 one down . 
 six to go . 
 six brothers , the follow-up to seven sons , will be released in february 2014 . 
 to be notified as soon as it 's available , sign up here . 
 about the author lili writes dark romance . 
 her debut serial novel , seven sons , was released in early 2014 , with the following books in the series to be released in quick succession . 
 lili quit corporate life to focus on writing and is loving every minute of it . 
 her other loves in life include her gorgeous husband , good coffee , hanging at the beach and running . 
 she loves to read almost as much as she loves to write if you want to get an automatic email when lili 's next book is released , sign up here . 
 your email address will never be shared and you can unsubscribe at any time . 
 word-of-mouth is crucial for any author to succeed . 
 if you enjoyed the book , please consider leaving a review . 
 even if it 's only a sentence of two , it makes a huge difference and would be very much appreciated . 
 say hello ! 
 lili always loves hearing from readers . 
 you can find her in the following places : facebook page facebook profile twitter goodreads lili 's website email : lilisaintgermain@gmail.com 
