 rebellion a dangerous man # 2 by serena grey this book is a work of fiction . 
 all names , characters , locations , and incidents are products of the author 's imagination , and have been used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual persons living or dead , locales , or events is purely coincidental . 
 rebellion : a dangerous man # 2 copyright © 2013 by serena grey . 
 smashwords edition . 
 smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 contents contents acknowledgements chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven about the author teaser from the author for mnc you i love , always . 
 acknowledgements beta readers , arc reviewers , book bloggers ... not necessarily in that order , terri thomas at mybookboyfriend.blogspot.com for her tremendous insight , and all the lovely readers who took a chance on a new author , thank you , thank you , and thank you . 
 chapter one the journey to seattle is silent . 
 steve , the chauffeur , keeps his eyes on the road , and david , my husband - i still ca n't believe he 's my husband - studies some papers on his lap , totally ignoring me . 
 i ca n't stop looking at his face in profile , his straight nose , firm jaw and thick , wavy hair . 
 he really is perfect , i think , captivated . 
 it 's still hard to believe that this man , who i only met three days ago , is my husband , and that i am leaving the life i have always known to go with him to his home , his city , his life , of which i know nothing . 
 i do n't care though , i feel as if i 've been trapped in a box for years , and he has shown me what it means to fly . 
 between his reading and the brief , authoritative phone calls he 's made , he has n't looked at me at all . 
 it 's unfair , especially since i ca n't take my eyes off him . 
 i do n't understand how he can make such wonderful love to me , tease me until i 'm blushing , and in the next moment , act as if i do n't even exist . 
 feeling suddenly insecure , i look away from him . 
 i can almost hear aunt josephine 's voice , telling me how foolish i am . 
 ` have you stopped to ask yourself why a man like him would marry a girl like you ? 
 do n't you think he has an ulterior motive ? ' 
 i push the doubting thoughts away . 
 what ulterior motive could he possibly have ? 
 i 'm neither rich nor successful , nor exceptionally beautiful . 
 in fact , i was the one who begged him not to leave me . 
 turning back to look at him , i see that he 's still engrossed in his reading . 
 as i watch his strong fingers flip through his papers , my mind drifts to last night , our wedding night , and i feel my skin heat up . 
 last night , i was the one he was engrossed in . 
 after the short ceremony , we all went back to the hotel where he was staying for drinks and dinner . 
 halfway through dinner , which i was too tense to eat , he suddenly stood up , and announced to our few guests that he was retiring for the night with his new wife . 
 the look in his eyes had filled me with such want that i almost could n't stand . 
 the next thing i knew , he picked me up and carried me out of the restaurant and into the elevator , amidst self-conscious cheers from our guests . 
 we were alone in the elevator , and as soon as the doors closed , he claimed my lips , his tongue delving hungrily in my mouth . 
 his hands found their way under my dress and started to knead me gently through my new lace panties . 
 i was whimpering with pleasure by the time we reached his floor . 
 then he lifted me again and carried me to his room . 
 someone , probably his assistant , linda , had arranged for wine in an ice bucket , and strawberries . 
 he ignored those . 
 he dropped me , barely able to stand , at the foot of the bed and pulled down the zipper of my dress , pulling it off my shoulder along with the straps of my bra . 
 when my breasts were free , he covered them with his hands . 
 i moaned softly as he massaged them gently , arousing me until i fell against him , and he had to guide me unto the bed . 
 he pulled my dress up around my waist and pushed my panties aside , then his tongue was between my legs , and i was moaning and whimpering , my fingers clutching his hair . 
 in only a few moments , my body was pulsing uncontrollably , shattering around his mouth . 
 then he stopped suddenly . 
 while i was still wondering why , he pulled down his pants and in the next moment , he had filled me completely . 
 i came immediately , crying out as the warm sweetness shattered my body into a million pieces , then as he continued to move , i felt the pleasure build up again , heat starting up in my core and spreading until even my fingertips were filled with pleasure . 
 i screamed my release the same moment as he groaned loudly and collapsed on top of me . 
 then i said it . 
 i love you . 
 and he did n't say anything . 
 ~ § ~ § ~ § ~ § ~ the pleasure of my memories fades into a faint heartache . 
 no matter how i think about it , i ca n't find a way to convince myself that i should n't be worried about his silence after i said those words . 
 how does he feel about me ? 
 i have no answer to my question . 
 it 's scary , especially because my own feelings have taken over every part of me . 
 it 's as if i 've stepped off the edge of a cliff , and even though my heart 's in my mouth and my stomach is in knots , i 'm the most excited i 've ever been in my life . 
 i 'm totally enthralled by him . 
 i want him , every part of him , and i desperately want him to feel the same way about me . 
 `` if you keep staring at me like that i 'm going to think you 're having second thoughts already . '' 
 his deep voice cuts into my thoughts . 
 he is looking at me , his blue eyes probing into mine , and his perfect lips curved into a faint smile . 
 i stare helplessly at him for a moment , my skin flushing . 
 he is so insanely beautiful to look at . 
 will i ever get used to being around all that perfection ? 
 it does n't seem likely . 
 right now , he looks enticing , dangerous , and incredibly sexy . 
 his snowy white shirt is open at the collar , exposing the strong column of his throat . 
 his dark hair curls softly into the back of his collar , making me want to run my fingers through it , and his dark blue pants stretch over the long length of his legs . 
 just from looking at him , my fingers are itching to touch him . 
 i want him so much . 
 i do n't think i 'll ever stop wanting him . 
 `` i 'm not having second thoughts . '' 
 i deny softly . 
 second thoughts are the farthest thing from my mind . 
 i just wish i knew how he felt about me . 
 if i did , then maybe i would n't feel so out of my depth . 
 next to his perfection , his obvious wealth , his incredibly good looks , i ca n't help feeling extremely ordinary . 
 his eyes linger on my face for a moment , as if he 's reading my thoughts in my expression . 
 he puts a hand on my thigh and strokes it lightly , in a gesture that should be reassuring but only fills my mind with images of the things those hands have done to me . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he says , turning back to his work , his hand still on my thigh . 
 he sounds relaxed , his voice faintly teasing . 
 `` i promise i do n't have a firing squad waiting for you . '' 
 `` that 's not what i was thinking . '' 
 i reply with a self-conscious laugh . 
 `` then what are you so afraid of ? 
 an underground torture chamber ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i protest . 
 `` of course not , i was just thinking that i know so little about you . '' 
 he chuckles as he turns back to me , and one of his eyebrows rises just a little higher than the other . 
 `` really , '' his eyes dip to my lips , and stay there for a second before rising back to my eyes , with a teasing and unmistakably sensual look . 
 `` i would say you know a lot about me , sophie . '' 
 i do n't miss his meaning , and i blush fiercely . 
 we 've spent the last twenty-four hours more naked in bed than out of it . 
 the memories are enough to make my body clench with helpless desire . 
 i cast an embarrassed glance towards steve , but he is totally occupied with driving , his eyes straight ahead . 
 `` i meant ... about your life , your work ... '' i ca n't stop stammering . 
 i look up at david in despair . 
 around him , i 've obviously lost the ability to be coherent . 
 he studies me as i trip over my tongue . 
 `` you 're charming . '' 
 he says , amusement dancing on his lips . 
 the compliment only makes me blush harder , and i bend my face to hide my flaming cheeks . 
 he puts a hand under my chin and lifts up my face , so i 'm looking at him . 
 `` do n't hide your face when you blush , '' his voice is soft and compelling . 
 `` i like it . '' 
 i nod helplessly . 
 with his fingers under my chin and his blue eyes doing things to my heart , it 's not as if i can refuse him anything . 
 i 'm still thinking of what to say when he bends over to brush his lips across mine in the lightest of kisses . 
 i lean into it , as pleasure flutters through my body . 
 by the time he lifts his head , my whole body is shaking with anticipation . 
 i ca n't believe how much i want him . 
 nobody told me it would be like this . 
 my body feels as if it 's in a permanent state of sexual hunger . 
 `` we 'll be home soon . '' 
 he says , his eyes dark with desire . 
 it 's as if he can read my mind and knows exactly what i want . 
 i ca n't wait . 
 chapter two i fall asleep soon after , lulled by the steady hum of the car engine . 
 when i wake up , my head is resting on david 's shoulder , and he is stroking my hair , his fingers gentle and soothing . 
 i realize that the car is no longer moving . 
 i open my eyes and sit up , wondering how long i 've been asleep . 
 `` i was beginning to think i would have to kiss you to get you to wake up . '' 
 his hand leaves my hair . 
 `` you were very determined to use me as a pillow . '' 
 he adds wryly . 
 i wonder if he is teasing me , but i ca n't tell from his face . 
 i stretch self-consciously and smooth my hair . 
 steve is already opening the door on my side , so i step out of the car , looking around to get a feel of my surroundings . 
 we 're parked on a tree-lined street , in front of a towering stone and glass apartment block . 
 i have to crane my neck to try to see all of it . 
 the walls are cream stone , and the glass gleams blue in the sun . 
 it 's massive and yet elegantly beautiful . 
 right in front of me , a pair of glass double doors stands under a wide curved awning . 
 as i take it in , david comes to my side , slipping his hand around my waist with a touch that is both firm and proprietary . 
 as always , i immediately respond to the contact , my skin tingling where i can feel the pressure of his fingers . 
 he starts to lead me inside . 
 when we reach the entrance , a doorman holds the door open . 
 `` good afternoon , mrs. preston , mr. preston . '' 
 the man greets me with a smile as david and i step inside the building . 
 i look at him in surprise , and smile back . 
 `` good afternoon . '' 
 i reply , inexplicably pleased at being addressed by my new name . 
 `` thank you jimmy . '' 
 david 's voice is curt . 
 he does n't pause . 
 his hand on my waist urges me forward , and i follow him into the spacious lobby . 
 i take a second to look around , taking in the magnificent space . 
 the floors are perfect gleaming marble , so well-polished that i can see my reflection when i look down . 
 the walls are richly detailed and paneled , and the ceiling is at least two-storeys high , and adorned with a sparkling crystal chandelier . 
 everything carries an air of unmistakable luxury . 
 i would stand and admire , but david 's hand at my waist is firm and insistent , and i have no choice but to follow him . 
 i turn a questioning glance at him , wondering at his haste , but his face is impassive . 
 i assume he has no time to watch me appreciate the beauty that 's probably commonplace to him . 
 the man at the front desk gives us a greeting too , also calling me mrs. preston , and making me wonder if linda has been passing a picture of me around . 
 we acknowledge him without stopping as david leads me further towards the elevators . 
 in only a matter of moments , we 've crossed the lobby and are in the private elevator that leads to his penthouse apartment . 
 as the doors close , he turns to me , and using his body , presses me against the wall , pinning my arms at my sides . 
 his face is only inches from mine , and the desire in his eyes turns my bones to liquid . 
 i swallow hard as my body heats up from the close contact with his . 
 then his lips dip , and he claims my senses in a scorching kiss . 
 i open my lips to him , hungry for him , and hungry for more . 
 `` i 'm going to make love to you until your voice is hoarse from screaming my name . '' 
 he promises softly when we come up for air , making my heart pound with excitement , his sudden passion erasing any doubts i have had in the past hour . 
 he kisses me again . 
 `` your lips are so soft . '' 
 he whispers huskily . 
 he continues to kiss me , his lips tracing a path from the sensitive spot below my ear , down to where the neckline of my blouse covers the top of my breasts , which are heavy and aching with need . 
 my breath starts to come in short moans . 
 i want him here , now . 
 he straightens with a low chuckle . 
 `` do n't be in such a rush , sweetheart , '' his voice is gently teasing , `` we 're almost there . '' 
 i do n't understand how he can be so calm , when the torrent of need flowing through me has made me almost incapable of speech . 
 my hands are shaking with the need to touch him , even the sound of his voice is like an aphrodisiac , stirring me on . 
 i take a deep breath to steady myself . 
 the bell dings and the doors open into an immaculate foyer , which is bigger than the living room of my apartment back in ashford . 
 the honey-toned wall paneling complements the perfectly finished dark wood floors , and lovely paintings of subjects ranging from wildflowers to waterfalls add definition to the walls . 
 at one end of the room , a set of polished wood double doors lead out into a large living room . 
 it 's exceptionally beautiful . 
 on two sides , the walls are windows , with exquisite views of the sound , the city , the mountains beyond , and many landmarks i ca n't yet identify . 
 a couple of artfully placed rugs cover the polished wood floors . 
 in the perfectly arranged lounge area , there are two comfortable looking couches and a window seat , where i can instantly see myself curled up and reading . 
 further inside , in another carpeted area , there is a large dining table , with a vase of beautifully arranged flowers sitting on top of the gleaming wood surface . 
 everything is perfect . 
 `` wow . '' 
 i breathe , entranced . 
 `` it 's so beautiful . '' 
 he nuzzles my neck , sending a quiver of pleasure flowing across my body , reminding me of our unfinished business in the elevator , my body responds immediately , but then he straightens , leaving me feeling a little disappointed . 
 i do n't notice the smallish , middle-aged woman until i hear her voice . 
 `` good afternoon . '' 
 she says . 
 startled at the intrusion , i turn around , and see her standing behind us . 
 `` welcome to seattle , mrs. preston . '' 
 she continues . 
 she is smiling at me , her face open and friendly . 
 i smile back . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` sophie , this is mrs. daniels , your housekeeper . '' 
 david introduces us as the elevator bell dings and steve comes in , carrying david 's suitcase and my luggage as if they weigh nothing . 
 `` come on , '' david turns to me , `` let me show you the rest of the apartment . 
 mrs. daniels will unpack your things . '' 
 i nod , wondering as steve carries my luggage further into the apartment , if i 'll ever get used to people doing things for me that i 've always done by myself . 
 i let david lead me through the rest of his home , my new home . 
 i ca n't help being excited that i 'm going to live in this insanely beautiful place . 
 beyond the dining area is a modern kitchen , with equipment i ca n't even identify , let alone use . 
 it has a marble-topped island in the middle , and a comfortable looking breakfast nook for four . 
 there is more . 
 david 's study , with dark wood wall paneling and a soft dark rug , bookshelves filled with books , and another set of floor to ceiling windows , which provide more spectacular views of the city , two guest bedrooms that look beautiful , if unused , and a staircase that leads to a private terrace with a sparkling blue swimming pool . 
 i already know that he is rich , but this is luxury . 
 `` it 's more beautiful than i imagined . '' 
 i tell him , enchanted with it all . 
 he does n't reply , instead he leads me down the hall to the last door , the door to the master suite . 
 he places his hand on the door handle and smiles at me . 
 `` are you ready to see your room , mrs. preston ? '' 
 my heart quickens . 
 `` i believe i am , mr. preston . '' 
 he chuckles and opens the door into a huge bedroom . 
 a soft rug covers the entire floor , and the windows are hung from floor to ceiling with long white drapes . 
 there are two armchairs and a coffee table in a corner , and a dressing table with a wide mirror . 
 but it 's the bed that catches my attention . 
 it is huge , perfectly made and very inviting , taking up most of the space on one side of the room . 
 it 's a bed to roll around in , a bed to make love in . 
 i step towards it , moving almost involuntarily . 
 at the foot of the bed , i stop and run my hands along the soft linen bedspread . 
 i turn to see if david is following me , and find that he is right behind me . 
 his face dips to the back of my neck , moving my hair out of the way , as he uses his lips to tease the sensitive skin . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 he whispers , his voice is unmistakably sensual . 
 i arch my neck , exposing more of my skin to his lips . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i whisper . 
 he pulls me to him , his hands circling my waist , and molding my body against his . 
 sighing softly , i lean back , pressing myself against his hard body . 
 i feel his erection against the back of my thighs and my body clenches in sweet need . 
 i moan softly . 
 `` you 're an aphrodisiac . '' 
 he murmurs in my ear , his voice husky . 
 `` i want you every minute , '' his hands finds my breasts through my clothes and start to rub them gently from behind . 
 i close my eyes , luxuriating in the feel of his hands and the sound of his voice . 
 his hands roam down from my breasts to my thighs . 
 gripping the hem of my skirt , he pulls it up until it 's around my waist . 
 i feel the cool air on my exposed flesh , then his hands , warm , strong , caressing the softness of my butt , until the heat building between my legs is a pulsing , raging fire , and i want so much more . 
 we 're still standing , and my legs are so weak that i have to lean back against him . 
 he unbuttons my blouse and undoes my bra , pushing it up until my breasts spill naked into his hands . 
 i sigh with pleasure when he grabs them , massaging them with a slow , rhythmic motion while playing with my aching nipples . 
 i moan and press harder against him , wet and aching , desperate for him to give me what i need . 
 still standing , he pulls my panties down and spreads my legs , stroking me with his fingers . 
 i am so wet , they slip into me very easily , i hear him groan , and the sound fires my blood . 
 i reach back for his belt , but he 's faster than i am . 
 he releases me for a moment while he undoes his pants , the next moment i can feel him , rock hard , pressing insistently against my thighs . 
 i shimmy until my panties fall all the way down , and then step out of them , leaving them discarded on the floor . 
 i spread my legs , aching for him to fill me . 
 his fingers start to stroke me again , i hear myself panting as he rubs back and forth , in and out , pleasuring me . 
 i groan loudly , moving my hips to his rhythm . 
 he strokes me until my hips are jerking uncontrollably , then he pulls his fingers away and replaces them with his thick , hard length . 
 i press backward , and he pushes into me , making me whimper uncontrollably as he fills me . 
 i ca n't stop myself from crying out again and again as he thrusts , still gripping my hips . 
 i match his strokes , pushing him deeper into my core . 
 i feel out of balance , like any moment i 'll fall , but i do n't care , the only thing that matters is each sure thrust , each sweet burst of pleasure . 
 my whole body is heating up , and getting slick with sweat , but i do n't care , i only want more . 
 he groans and grips my waist tighter , thrusting harder and faster . 
 i ca n't feel my fingers or my toes , i ca n't feel anything , only him and the devastating pleasure he is giving me . 
 i cry hoarsely as my brain reduces to nothing but sweetness . 
 my body stiffens and i lose myself , falling against him with a moan , as he groans and comes in a hot rush inside me . 
 i ca n't catch my breath . 
 i can feel his heart beating against my back , and his breath coming in deep gasps . 
 he slips out of me and my body shivers with residual pleasure . 
 my legs give way , and we both collapse on the soft rug . 
 when i catch my breath , i turn to look at him , unable to suppress a giggle at how ridiculous we both look , half-undressed , and lying on the floor . 
 david follows my gaze , and chuckles . 
 he kicks off his pants , then gets up and , lifting me as easily as if i weigh nothing , he carries me over to the bed , collapsing on top of me on the soft mattress . 
 `` welcome home , mrs. preston . '' 
 `` thank you , mr. preston . '' 
 i am still giggling . 
 he gets up and starts to take off the rest of his clothing . 
 as i watch him undress , my body starts to throb again . 
 he is so magnificent . 
 i sit up and pull off my half-discarded blouse . 
 my bra and skirt follow . 
 he starts to watch me , and i revel in the pleasure of seeing him grow hard again . 
 by the time i am completely undressed , i know we 're not leaving the bed anytime soon . 
 `` what are you trying to do to me ? '' 
 he growls as he kneels on the bed , right between my spread legs . 
 i ca n't hide my pleasure . 
 `` have i done something wrong ? 
 i ask , mock contrite . 
 he chuckles , `` no sweetheart , '' he says , as he enters me slowly . 
 `` you 're doing everything right . '' 
 chapter three hours later , i finally drift off , exhausted . 
 i ca n't remember how many times david has brought me to a brain-shattering climax . 
 i feel boneless and liquid , aching sweetly . 
 he 's made love to me slowly , then fast , then slowly again , each time until i cry out his name in senseless surrender . 
 when i wake up , the room is dimmer , telling me i 've slept until evening . 
 i 'm alone on the bed . 
 i stretch luxuriously . 
 my body feels delicious . 
 i 'm completely naked underneath the covers , so i take them with me as i get off the bed . 
 my clothes are no longer on the floor where i dropped them earlier . 
 baffled , i wonder if mrs. daniels has been in to tidy up while i was asleep . 
 apart from the door we came in , another door leads off the bedroom . 
 i open it and step into a huge , brightly lit closet . 
 on one side , rows upon rows of suits hang side by side , with shirts , pants , shoes and a vast array of all sorts of men 's clothing . 
 on the opposite side from the suits , the racks are almost bare , sparsely populated with my few clothes , which mrs. daniels has unpacked . 
 my underwear is neatly arranged in a drawer , my shoes tidily placed . 
 on the far wall , there 's a full-length mirror . 
 i walk forward , staring at my mussed hair and wide eyes . 
 my skin is still flushed from all the lovemaking , with a smooth healthy glow . 
 making love suits me , i decide , giggling , i look far better than i remember . 
 a frosted glass door leads off the dressing room into a luxurious bathroom . 
 i step inside , admiring the gleaming cream tile walls and the clear marble floors . 
 a deep sunken bath sits in the middle of the room , with solid looking gold taps . 
 a marble-topped sink stands below a wide , mirrored wall cabinet , frosted glass hides a shower stall , and a door leads off to what must be the toilet . 
 at the sink , i splash some water on my face . 
 opening the cabinet above , i notice that my toiletries have been arranged inside . 
 i 'm impressed . 
 i make my way back to the dressing room to look for something to wear . 
 my jeans and blouses feel like too much of a bother , and the few dresses i bought while shopping for my wedding seem too dressy . 
 an impulse makes me put on one of david 's shirts . 
 it 's soft , and feels heavenly on my skin . 
 it 's probably insanely expensive , i think , walking out of the room to look for him . 
 at first , the apartment seems remarkably silent , then i hear david 's voice coming from the direction of his study , i follow the sound , then pause at the door to eat him up with my eyes . 
 he is standing with his back to me , looking towards the view of the city from the windows . 
 he 's wearing only sweatpants , and his back is bare , showing me his defined muscles up to where they curve into his firm ass . 
 as i watch him , i ca n't help thinking of a colossus , bestriding the world . 
 he looks magnificent , powerful , and potent . 
 and he 's mine . 
 i have to try very hard to resist the urge to go to him and run my hands all over his glorious body . 
 he says something again and i realize that he is talking into a small earpiece attached to his ear . 
 `` how many percent total ? '' 
 i hear him say , his voice is terse and commanding . 
 he pauses and listens for a while , `` everything hinges on carole , '' he says finally , `` leave her to me , i know exactly how to deal with her . '' 
 even though it 's not me he 's talking to , i 'm hit by the steely hardness in his voice . 
 there is something ruthless in the sound . 
 vaguely , i wonder who carole is . 
 the sound of another woman 's name on his lips is enough to make my heart constrict with jealousy . 
 i stay where i am at the door , not sure whether to go in to him . 
 i do n't want to interrupt if he 's busy . 
 however , as if he can feel me standing there , he turns around . 
 i step back at the coldness i see in his eyes , the blue is faded almost to grey , and his face seems almost cruel . 
 `` sophie . '' 
 he smiles , his expression softening as he removes the earpiece and comes around the desk to meet me . 
 i shiver slightly , the fear i felt only moments before , melting as he runs his hand over my arm , draped in the soft material of his shirt . 
 `` this looks very good on you . '' 
 he says , his eyes travelling down to my bare legs , then back to my face . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i say shyly . 
 outside the windows , it 's already dark . 
 i must have slept for hours . 
 `` i did n't mean to sleep for so long . '' 
 david shrugs . 
 `` you were tired . '' 
 he raises his hand and runs a finger along my lower lip , making me shiver again . 
 `` i 'm sure i had something to do with that . '' 
 he says tenderly . 
 i blush , and he chuckles , pulling me to him , and running his hands over my body , which is naked under the shirt . 
 `` you should wear this all the time with nothing underneath . '' 
 he suggests , the teasing light in his eyes making him look his age , with none of the steeliness i saw in his face earlier . 
 i laugh . 
 `` i would never be able to go out . '' 
 i point out . 
 `` hmm ... mm , '' his eyes are on my lips , `` you 'd always be here , half naked and ready for me . '' 
 he growls softly and gives me a quick kiss on my lips . 
 `` i 'd like to show you what that thought does to me , '' he says , `` but i 'm sure you are hungry . '' 
 my stomach rumbles loudly , reminding me that i have n't eaten all day . 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he is already pulling me out of the study , his hand gentle on my elbow . 
 `` let 's eat . '' 
 dinner is a home cooked feast mrs. daniels must have prepared before she left for the day . 
 in the kitchen , david fills our plates from the silver chafing dishes , his fingers moving with superb grace . 
 is there anything he does n't do perfectly well ? 
 i help him load the plates unto a tray and follow him as he takes them to the living room . 
 the food is delicious , as is the red wine david pours for me . 
 we eat , seated on the rug , the couch at our backs , and the gleaming lights of the city laid out at our feet . 
 there 's something about the intimacy of the moment . 
 i feel close to him somehow . 
 `` tell me about yourself . '' 
 i whisper . 
 he leans back on the couch , watching me through hooded eyes . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` everything . '' 
 i say hopefully . 
 `` my life is n't half as interesting as yours , '' he states coolly . 
 `` my father died when i was young , my mother remarried almost immediately and lived happily ever after till her husband died last year . '' 
 he shrugs , his voice sounding detached . 
 something in his tone gets to me . 
 `` did n't you get along with your step-father ? '' 
 i ask , concerned . 
 he does n't sound too happy about his mother 's marriage . 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 he says cryptically . 
 `` i never saw either of them . '' 
 `` how come ? '' 
 he looks at me over the top of his glass . 
 `` he was very rich , and he liked to travel , my mother followed him everywhere because that was what he wanted . '' 
 my heart goes out to him as i imagine him growing up without the attention of his mother . 
 at least my mother did n't abandon me . 
 she died . 
 `` they never took you with them ? '' 
 i ask , a small frown on my face . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` no , they did n't . '' 
 he says , looking a little bored . 
 `` my step-father had a house not very far from here . 
 i lived there . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i watch as he leans back on the couch , his face relaxed , his eyes hooded by half closed lids . 
 his lashes are incredibly long , i think , momentarily distracted . 
 `` does your mother still live there ? '' 
 `` when she 's in town , yes . '' 
 he does n't seem eager to talk about his mother , so i decide to switch subjects . 
 `` tell me about your work . '' 
 i say , leaning forward . 
 i already know that his company is called preston corp and that it has something to do with software , but i 'm curious to know more . 
 `` i invest in developing computer software . '' 
 he says . 
 `` there are a lot of products out there with the ability to provide enormous user satisfaction . 
 some of them never get to reach their target market . 
 i make it possible for them to do so . '' 
 i 'm impressed , and even more so by the confidence in his tone . 
 `` how did you get started ? '' 
 `` a videogame . '' 
 he grins boyishly , again looking his age . 
 i have a sudden urge to wrap my arms around him and hold him close , to soothe the lonely little boy my imagination has conjured out of his words . 
 `` did you miss her ? '' 
 the question pops out of my mouth before i have the time to consider it . 
 i 'm thinking of my own mother , how i 've spent my whole life with the faint ache of missing her , even though i never knew her . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` your mother . '' 
 he is silent for a moment , but only a single moment . 
 `` never . '' 
 he states finally , his voice cool . 
 he gets up and picks up the tray , and taking it to the kitchen . 
 he loads the dishwasher while i dump the empty bottle of wine in the chrome bin with the ` recycle ' icon . 
 it seems our moment of intimacy has passed . 
 we clean up in silence . 
 he works quickly , efficiently , and self-sufficiently . 
 i may as well not even be there . 
 as soon as we 're done , he goes back to his study . 
 i sit at the window seat in the living room , alternately admiring the view , and thumbing through a glossy magazine on interior design . 
 i ca n't really concentrate though . 
 my thoughts are full of david as i piece the things i now know about him together . 
 i know more than i did when i married him , but he is still a mystery in so many ways . 
 after a while , i 'm filled with a longing to recapture the feeling of intimacy i had earlier while we were talking , so i drift towards the study , hoping that david would be finished with whatever he is doing . 
 i find him seated at the desk , his face lit by the glow from a desk lamp and his computer screen . 
 he looks hard as he sits there alone , the planes and angles of his face made pronounced by the dim light . 
 watching him , i get the feeling that he is someone that 's used to being on his own . 
 i imagine him as a solemn , dark haired little boy , left alone while his mother chose to spend her time with her new husband . 
 it makes me sad . 
 reluctant to disturb him , i walk on to our room , and lie waiting in bed . 
 i do n't sleep until much later , when he comes to join me and makes love to me until i fall asleep in his arms . 
 ~ § ~ § ~ § ~ § ~ the next morning when i wake up , my body is sweet and tender from another night of intense lovemaking . 
 i move , wanting to snuggle close to david , but he 's not in bed with me . 
 disappointed , i get up . 
 the bed feels incredibly empty with me as its sole occupant . 
 on my way to the bathroom , i see the note propped upright on the dressing table . 
 ` gone to the office . ' 
 it says , in a firm elegant scrawl . 
 i 'm already missing him as i go into the bathroom and take a warm shower . 
 afterwards , i dress and find my way to the kitchen , following the unmistakable smell of breakfast cooking . 
 i find mrs. daniels making pancakes . 
 still feeling let down that david has already left , i say a friendly hello to her , silently telling myself that it 's unrealistic to expect that david and i would spend all our time together , making love . 
 of course , he has to go to work , he has a business to run after all . 
 mrs. daniels pours me some tea and places a large plate of pancakes dripping with maple syrup in front of me . 
 i 'm not particularly hungry , but the pancakes are light , fluffy , and delicious . 
 as i eat , we talk about the apartment , and she tells me the things i need to know , like the names of some of the building staff and all the security codes and emergency numbers i might need . 
 she seems to vibrate with warmth as she talks , and i soon relax in her company . 
 after my breakfast , she has other work to do , and i 'm left on my own again . 
 i find myself missing stacey and her constant concern . 
 i imagine her sitting at her desk with a frown on her face , wondering if david has turned out to be bluebeard . 
 i do n't have a mobile , i 'm sure that if i did she would be calling me every hour . 
 i decide to put her mind at rest . 
 `` sophie honey , '' i can hear the relief in her voice that i 've finally called , `` how are you ? '' 
 it 's so like her to keep fretting about me , even though i 've assured her that i 'm happy . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 i say , laughing . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i insist . 
 `` i 'm perfectly happy . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i try not to hear the skepticism in her voice . 
 thankfully , she starts to tell me about the reactions to my sudden marriage . 
 i listen silently , but i do n't really care . 
 ashford seems like a very long time ago . 
 `` mrs. newton seems to think you broke poor eddie 's heart , '' she says , catching my attention , `` apparently he was always sweet on you . '' 
 `` he was n't . '' 
 i say defensively , trying to forget the look on eddie 's face when he confronted david at my apartment . 
 good thing stacey does n't know about that . 
 i think , relieved . 
 `` oh well , '' she sighs . 
 `` do n't hesitate to let me know if you need anything . '' 
 she says finally . 
 `` i wo n't , '' i assure her , `` but do n't worry about me stacey , i promise i 'll be fine . '' 
 the rest of the day passes slowly . 
 mrs. daniels clucks in disapproval when i tell her not to bother about lunch . 
 she disappears again , leaving me by myself . 
 i swim laps in the pool , lie on the lounger in the terrace reading magazines , and watching the city from the height of the penthouse . 
 i ca n't help feeling as if i 'm on a solo vacation instead of a honeymoon . 
 i wander through the apartment , exploring on my own . 
 in david 's study , i look through the numerous books on business , and philosophy . 
 thankfully , there are also some literary classics , charles dickens , thackeray , and even fitzgerald . 
 they are all sturdy looking , leather bound volumes . 
 probably very expensive , i think , wondering if he reads them . 
 i spend the rest of the day drawing . 
 the sound of my pencil scratching the paper of my sketchbook is soothing and familiar . 
 i draw until it gets a little dark outside . 
 as i put my sketchpad away , i realize with a vague feeling of sadness that it 's the third day of my marriage , and i have been alone all day . 
 i 'm at the window seat reading a book when david returns . 
 he steps into the living room , filling the space with his striking presence . 
 i spring up from my seat , unable to contain how happy and relieved i am to see him . 
 at the back of my mind , i berate myself for being so pathetically dependent on him , but i forget those thoughts when he drops his briefcase and claims my lips in a soul-searing kiss . 
 i forget that i have been alone all day , i forget the gloominess of my feelings earlier . 
 surrounded by the taste and feel of him , i ca n't think of anything besides how he makes me feel . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 i ask when he finally releases me . 
 the smile spreads slowly across his lips . 
 `` i am . '' 
 he says , his eyes devouring me . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` mrs. daniels left something for dinner . '' 
 `` oh that . '' 
 he chuckles , his eyes telling me that his hunger was for something else . 
 `` i 'll be out in a minute . '' 
 he says , picking up his briefcase and going to our room to change out of his suit . 
 i set the table in the kitchen . 
 after we eat , david gives me another long kiss before disappearing into his study . 
 confused , i wonder if all my days are going to be spent like this , waiting for him to come home to make love to me , and staying out of his way when he wants to work . 
 i may not have a lot of experience , but i 'm sure there should be a lot more intimacy in a marriage . 
 it 's not as if i blame him for working , but we 're supposed to be on our honeymoon . 
 i understand that with the rushed wedding , there would have been little time to arrange his schedule to put a trip together . 
 but it 's not even a trip i want . 
 i want him . 
 i want him to be mine the way i 've surrendered to being his . 
 i do n't want to be like psyche , wandering all day around a beautiful house , with a husband i do n't know , who only comes to make love to me in the dark . 
 i 'm still awake when he comes into our bedroom . 
 i watch him as he comes to sit on the bed . 
 i 'm trying to find the words to tell him how i feel without seeming needy . 
 i 've told him my feelings once , and the only answer he gave me was silence . 
 i do n't know if i can expect anything better this time . 
 `` you left so early this morning . '' 
 i say finally , when the silence becomes too much . 
 `` i always leave early . '' 
 his tone is dismissive . 
 that was before you had a wife . 
 i want to say , but i bite the words back . 
 i understand that he has to work hard . 
 you do n't get to have the things he does at his age by being laid back , but i need to know that i 'm not just a warm body he comes to at night . 
 i think of all the things i want to tell him . 
 that i was lonely without him , bored , wishing he was here . 
 that we 're newlyweds , supposed to be spending this time together . 
 `` you were gone all day . '' 
 i say instead , my voice low . 
 he sighs tiredly , `` sophie , maybe in your imagination being married means spending every single moment together , but real life is n't a fantasy , i have a business to run . '' 
 his voice is harsh , and i flinch , unable to hide my pain and surprise . 
 `` i was just ... '' i stop , unsure what to say . 
 he turns to look at me . 
 something in my face seems to get to him . 
 `` i had a hard day sophie , i was incredibly busy . '' 
 he explains , before getting up and going to the bathroom . 
 i frown at my hands on my lap . 
 i 've told him that i loved him , and he said nothing . 
 i 'm telling him i 'd like to spent more time with him , and his response is to treat me as if i do n't know what i 'm talking about . 
 hurt , i lie back on the bed and turn on my stomach . 
 i hate that i feel like crying . 
 i 've lied to stacey , i realize , i 'm not happy . 
 i 'm afraid . 
 i have a husband who can set my body on fire with just one look , and who is everything to me , but has no desire to be close to me , or to let me get close to him . 
 i feel him return and slide into the bed beside me , but i do n't look up . 
 i try not to react to the warmth of his skin as it touches mine . 
 i try to stay still as he runs a hand gently down my back . 
 when he raises the thigh length t-shirt i 'm wearing and spreads my legs , i bite my lip to keep from moaning . 
 the thought that this is all he wants from me is painful . 
 i want to be angry with him , not to respond to what he 's doing , but already i 'm eager , wanting him so much that it 's an intense throbbing ache that needs to be filled . 
 my resistance lasts until he dips his head between my legs , and starts to lick me , his tongue moving rapidly , swirling round and round my sensitive core until i am breathless and gasping , moaning his name . 
 at the back of my mind , i accept that i need more than this from him , but for now , i do n't care . 
 i 'm too lost in the pleasure . 
 i let out a long moan , and he grips my thighs tightly so that i ca n't move . 
 my fingers dig into the pillow . 
 imprisoned between his hands and his tongue , i surrender myself to the exquisite pleasure . 
 he teases me to a frenzy until i reach a shattering climax , crying out my pleasure as my hips jerk wildly against his delicious tongue . 
 afterwards , while my body is still shuddering with the aftershocks of my climax , i run my fingers down his chest . 
 he lies back on the bed , watching me through half closed eyes as i explore his body . 
 i watch his face , eager to see the signs that i 'm pleasing him . 
 my fingers travel down over his belly , until they close around him . 
 i marvel at the hardness encased in the soft skin , like steel under silk . 
 he feels warm , strong and powerful , i stroke him with eager fingers , loving the feeling . 
 his breathing changes , becoming faster and more ragged , encouraged , i bend my head and take him into my mouth . 
 he groans , and his hips move , grinding a little . 
 instinctively , i take him deeper , running my tongue over his swollen tip , and then allowing him to slide further inside my mouth . 
 he tastes of skin , of salt , and a flavor that is all him . 
 i steal a look at his face . 
 his eyes are closed , his lips parted . 
 he likes it . 
 i purse my lips and suck on him , moving my head , so he goes slowly in and out of my mouth . 
 `` sophie . '' 
 his groan is deep and raspy , the pleasure in his voice makes me feel powerful and sexy ... all woman . 
 i suck harder , feeling him grow harder in my mouth as his hands run feverishly through my hair , but i do n't stop . 
 in every other way , i already feel powerless , but in this , i want to see him lose control of himself . 
 he does n't give me the chance . 
 he rises from the bed , moving faster than i could have anticipated , and lifts me , pulling me forward until my hips are poised over his erection . 
 then , with his hands on my waist , he guides me down slowly until i 'm completely filled with him . 
 i moan at the exquisite sensation of him inside me . 
 my whole body is tingling . 
 i forget everything but what he 's doing to me . 
 i want this , i want this so much . 
 even though i am on top , he defines our movements , guiding my hips as he grinds his , stroking my sensitive insides with each deep thrust . 
 my body starts to shake . 
 i 'm moaning incoherently , crying out his name over and over . 
 he quickens his pace , thrusting faster , until his body stiffens , and he groans , exploding into me in a warm surge . 
 at the same moment , i shout his name one final time , and then collapse onto his chest . 
 chapter four the next morning , when i wake up to find myself alone on the bed , my first thought is that david has left for work again . 
 i feel a little depressed until i hear him in the dressing room . 
 it 's embarrassing how relieved i am when i see him standing there almost fully dressed , putting on his cufflinks . 
 i lean on the doorframe , watching him as he concentrates on fastening the links . 
 `` good morning . '' 
 i say softly , my heart constricting with longing as i look at him . 
 watching him makes me feel happy and sad at the same time , happy that he 's mine , and sad because , somehow , i know he does n't truly belong to me . 
 he looks up at me , `` good morning sophie . '' 
 he says , finishing with the links . 
 there 's a tie hanging loosely around his neck , and his fingers move to knot it . 
 i do n't want to rehash our conversation of last night , but i do n't want to spend the whole day missing him either . 
 `` i wish you would n't leave so early , '' i say . 
 he walks away from me , towards the mirror . 
 in the face of his silence , i start to wish i had n't said anything . 
 i watch as he starts to knot his tie . 
 `` i know you 're really busy ... '' i start . 
 he turns to me . 
 the expression on his face is one of sincere apology . 
 `` i 'm sorry sophie , '' he says , `` yes , i 've been busy . 
 i 've had to deal with certain issues at work which were there even before i met you . '' 
 he stops , `` but that 's no excuse . '' 
 i walk across the room to him , `` i understand , really . 
 i 'm not complaining , i just wish we had a little more time for us . '' 
 i look at his face as i say the word , ` us ' . 
 that 's what 's important to me . 
 i want us to be a success . 
 i want this to last . 
 i do n't want to be a short statistic in his life . 
 the thought of not being with him fills me with a sad sort of desperation . 
 he raises one of his hands , tracing a finger across my lips . 
 `` things will clear up soon , '' he assures me , `` and then i 'll make it up to you , i promise . 
 we 'll go somewhere that will blow your mind . '' 
 i smile , excited as much by his promise as his touch . 
 `` you blow my mind . '' 
 i whisper . 
 he smiles and moves his finger from my lips to my chin , lifting it up , so i 'm looking into his eyes . 
 my lips tingle , waiting for his kiss , but he does n't make any move to touch me . 
 i lift myself unto my toes and touch my lips to his . 
 he kisses me back , his brow furrowing in surprise when i gently push him away , running my hands down the front of his shirt . 
 he watches me as my hands move down . 
 i 'm not sure what i 'm doing , but i want to show him how much i want him . 
 i want to finish what i started last night . 
 i drop to my knees on the soft carpet in front of him , stroking him through his trousers , and feeling him harden and push against my palm . 
 i loosen his belt and undo his zipper , reaching in to pull down his briefs just enough for him to spring free , hard , rigid , and eager . 
 immediately i cover the head with my lips . 
 i feel him stiffen , but i do n't look up . 
 i suck on the tip , pulling him deeper with my lips and stroking him with my tongue . 
 his fingers tangle in my hair , and i hear him groan softly . 
 i love this . 
 i love the feel , the smell , the warmth of him . 
 i move my head slowly , letting him go in and out of my mouth while i suck deeply . 
 he groans again , and the sound of his arousal causes a warm , insistent need to start in my core , and spread till my whole body is suffused with my desire for him . 
 i take him in as deeply as i can , he moans , and his hands stiffen in my hair , moving my head in the rhythm that he wants , as he starts to grind into my mouth . 
 i tighten my lips around him , sucking him in as he grinds faster . 
 there is something so erotic about what we 're doing . 
 a small moan escapes my lips . 
 the sound does something to him , and his whole body stiffens , the muscles of his hips tightening under my hands , then he jerks forward and with a loud groan , comes into my mouth . 
 i swallow quickly , i ca n't believe what i 've just done , but i 'd do it again and again . 
 he slips out of my mouth , his body shuddering . 
 his breathing is deep and heavy as he comes down on his knees beside me . 
 `` you 're a bag of surprises , are n't you ? '' 
 he says huskily , moments before his lips descend on mine as his fingers find my wet arousal under my t-shirt . 
 i 'm already so hot for him , i moan as his fingers stroke me . 
 `` you 're ready for me . '' 
 his whisper is warm against my mouth . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 i nod , i 'm so ready . 
 his fingers rub me until i have to hold on to him to steady myself , but he does n't stop slipping them in and out of me until i 'm squirming wildly , begging him to give me more . 
 suddenly , he turns me around and enters me from behind . 
 i bend forward , my hands on the floor as he thrusts into me . 
 he is so incredibly hard , so sweet , so fast . 
 i ca n't catch my breath . 
 i 'm already so far gone when his fingers find my nipples under my shirt , and start to tease them , i explode into a million pieces of pure pleasure , screaming my release in a garbled version of his name . 
 he pulls out of me , still hard , and turns me around until i am lying on my back and he is still kneeling , poised in front of me . 
 he lifts my legs , raising them around his hips , and enters me again . 
 my body tightens around him , unraveling as he starts to move again . 
 he does n't stop until we both climax , and he collapses on the rug beside me . 
 later , while i 'm still trying to catch my breath , he gets up and starts to adjust his clothes . 
 i watch him through a haze of sexual fulfillment . 
 `` have i made you late for work ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 his movements are swift as he knots his tie and pulls his trousers back up . 
 it looks like he has already pushed me to the back of his mind . 
 i watch him silently . 
 `` i 've asked linda to make a few appointments for you . '' 
 he says suddenly . 
 `` what kind of appointments ? '' 
 i frown , i would never admit it to him , but linda mays , his assistant , with her glossy black hair , and her skirts that put the ` p ' in pencil , intimidates me to heaven and back . 
 `` things to do with clothes , and shopping , and other stuff you need . '' 
 he gives me a hand up , dropping a kiss on my nose . 
 `` linda will tell you all about it . '' 
 his eyes go to my side of the dressing room , which is still sadly sparse . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i 'm sure i should be more excited about shopping , but there are things i want more than new clothes , to be closer to him , for one . 
 my day progresses much better than the day before . 
 the new tablet and smartphone arrive only about an hour after david leaves . 
 the note in the package says ` some toys you can play with while i 'm gone . ' 
 even though i find it unsatisfactory that he 's trying to take away my loneliness at his absence by buying me electronic gadgets , i fall in love with them immediately . 
 they 're both already programmed , the phone with david 's mobile and office numbers , and the tablet with a couple of apps , books , and internet access . 
 at first , i stumble a little with the tablet , but then i find that it 's much like using a computer . 
 linda has arranged multiple appointments . 
 she calls me in the morning , sounding incredibly busy and efficient as she tells me she had sent my schedule to my new phone . 
 it would be funny if not that as soon as i cut the connection i see the updates to my calendar . 
 there 's a hairdresser , in fact , a beauty team , with hairs , nails , and makeup people , and a personal shopper too . 
 i 'm stupefied . 
 the beauty team arrives before noon . 
 i get my hair cut and styled by a hilariously funny french man called jasper , who calls mrs. daniels ` my love ' , causing her to blush to the roots of her silver hair . 
 my nails are fixed to perfection , and the makeup artist , a fierce looking girl with purple hair and a lip ring , spends nearly an hour making me up to look as if i 'm not wearing any makeup . 
 she leads me through it , finally leaving me with the products that ` fit my complexion ' . 
 after they leave , i get a visit from the personal shopper , a petite but lively girl in her twenties . 
 her name is reiko nakano , she tells me , eagerly shaking my hand . 
 i ca n't help staring at her . 
 she 's incredibly beautiful in an unusual , exotic way , with grey almond eyes , tilted upwards at the corners , pale skin , and straight , waist-length black hair with deep scarlet streaks . 
 she talks non-stop as she shows me the samples she 's brought based on linda 's description of me . 
 i soon discover that her father is a japanese-american heart surgeon , and her mother is a spanish jewelry designer . 
 she chatters without pause for almost thirty minutes , but i do n't mind , in fact , i like it . 
 `` my father wanted me to be a doctor , '' she tells me , as she shows me another beautiful outfit , `` so i went to pre-med and got accepted to medical school . '' 
 she shudders , `` but i decided i liked clothes more . '' 
 i laugh , `` your father must have hated that . '' 
 `` yes he did , especially since i 'm such a genius , '' she sighs , `` i 'm a great loss to the profession of medicine . '' 
 she smiles impishly , `` but a great gain to women who love the way i dress them , right ? '' 
 i have to agree . 
 from what i can see , she does know what she is doing . 
 based on what she has shown me , my new style is part casual , part classy , innocent , and sexy . 
 i flatter myself that she 's clothing me in my own personality . 
 `` seattle is not really a dressy city , '' she tells me with a grimace , `` but we do have a little fashion . '' 
 she winks at me , promising to deliver all my new clothes over the course of the week . 
 david is still extremely busy , so over the next few days , we fall into a routine . 
 we have breakfast together before he leaves for work . 
 afterwards , i read on my tablet , mostly books , but i also read the news , especially news about software companies , eager to learn more about what david does when he 's not with me . 
 the little news i find about preston corp is mostly what i already know . 
 it 's a top-notch software entrepreneurial and investment company , with david as the ceo . 
 there is some information about their investments , but it 's mostly abstract . 
 david is as much of an enigma to the public as he is to me , i soon decide . 
 there 's nothing about his personal life , only a little about his charity work supporting educational programs all over the world . 
 when i 'm not reading , i draw , filling my sketchbook with more and more pages of jewelry . 
 sometimes mrs. daniels comes to watch me , exclaiming about how talented i am . 
 the day reiko delivers the first batch of my clothes , i 've been in seattle for a little less than a week . 
 as soon as mrs. daniel 's lets her in , she fills the apartment with her chatter . 
 `` wait till you see your new clothes . '' 
 she tells me , as mrs. daniels wheels the full clothes rack into the apartment . 
 i 've been sitting in the living room , sketching at the window seat . 
 as i get up to join them , reiko comes over to me . 
 `` i did n't know you were an artist . '' 
 she remarks , her eyes on the sketchpad i just abandoned on the coffee table . 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 i deny , suddenly a little shy of my work . 
 `` i just like to draw jewelry . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 she looks closer , thumbing through a few pages , `` these are really good . '' 
 she looks up at me , her eyes shining , `` why are you keeping them hidden ? '' 
 i laugh , `` please do n't spare my feelings . '' 
 `` no , really ! '' 
 she nods , `` i know what i 'm talking about . 
 my mother designs jewelry . '' 
 i vaguely remember , her mentioning something like that . 
 she sound excited . 
 `` i 'd totally rock these . '' 
 she turns to me `` have you made any of them ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i have n't been to art school or anything . '' 
 reiko 's curtain of black and scarlet hair moves as she shrugs , `` my mother did n't go either . 
 she took a private course and learned how to smith herself . '' 
 `` really ! '' 
 i 'm impressed . 
 `` do you have any plans to make them ? '' 
 she asks . 
 mrs. daniels is wheeling the rack of clothes towards the door that leads to my dressing room from the hallway while we follow her behind . 
 i give a little grimace . 
 `` not really , no . '' 
 i say , `` at least , not for now . 
 i just like to draw . '' 
 she gives me a look . 
 `` you should though , with your talent , you could make a name for yourself . '' 
 she sounds serious . 
 `` i wish i could talk to my mother about you , '' she says , `` but i 'm sure that would violate the nda . '' 
 mrs. daniels is already inside the dressing room . 
 i stop at the door . 
 what nda ? 
 i think . 
 `` what nda ? '' 
 i ask , an involuntary frown working its way to my face . 
 reiko studies my face . 
 `` i ... '' for the first time since i met her she seems unsure what to say . 
 she frowns , obviously uncomfortable . 
 `` i 'm just not supposed to tell anyone about you . '' 
 she says finally . 
 i swallow , trying to keep my face calm even though my mind is churning . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i pause outside for a moment while she joins mrs. daniels in the dressing room . 
 a non-disclosure agreement ! 
 why ? 
 i do n't understand . 
 is david keeping me a secret ? 
 i think of the beauty team , the only other people i 've met . 
 do they have orders not to mention me to anyone too ? 
 reiko and mrs. daniels are hanging up clothes , talking pleasantly about how to organize the closet . 
 i ca n't bring myself to join them . 
 the questions are raging in my mind . 
 why am i a secret ? 
 why am i such a secret that people have to sign a contract before they can see me . 
 my mind goes into overdrive , churning out possibilities . 
 is he ashamed of me , ashamed of his spur of the moment decision to tie himself to me ? 
 as far as i know , he could be working with his lawyers now trying to find a quiet way to get rid of me . 
 is there someone else , someone he would rather be with maybe , someone he would n't want to find out about me ? 
 everything starts to fall into place . 
 almost a week in seattle , and i have never been anywhere with him . 
 leaving reiko and mrs. daniels in the dressing room , i find my tablet and go to david 's study . 
 there is a soft leather sofa near the door , and i sit there , starting the tablet and going straight to the web browser . 
 i 've looked at the web encyclopedia page on him before , but i did n't really read it . 
 i was just psyched that he had one . 
 now i go through the little summary window at the side . 
 it has all the information , like his date and place of birth , alma mater , etc. but there is no field for spouse . 
 there would be one if anyone knew about me . 
 i 'm a secret . 
 why ? 
 my phone rings , startling me . 
 i look at the screen and see david 's name . 
 i spend a few seconds debating whether i want to talk to him . 
 with all the emotions raging within me , i 'll probably get hysterical if i try to ask him what it all means . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` hello . '' 
 i say quietly . 
 `` sophie . '' 
 i try not to get lost in the warmth of his voice , at least not until i understand what 's going on . 
 `` i hope you can go out tonight . '' 
 he says , putting a big hole in all the conclusions i 've drawn . 
 i 'm silent for a few moments , confused . 
 `` you want us to go out together ? '' 
 there is a short pause at his end . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he says finally . 
 so apparently , i 'm not going to be a secret anymore , but that does n't change the fact that he 's had people sign a document to keep my existence quiet . 
 `` where ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` just dinner . '' 
 he says , naming one of the more popular restaurants in the city . 
 `` oh . 
 okay . '' 
 i still do n't understand any of it , but i decide to wait until he comes home to ask him about the nda . 
 when i finally come out of the study , reiko has already left . 
 i spent a few minutes putting away my sketches , still deep in thought . 
 a few minutes ago , i was convinced that he was keeping our marriage silent because he wants to end it with as little fuss as possible , now i 'm not sure of anything . 
 it 's frustrating not to know where you stand with someone who means so much to you . 
 i should select something to wear from my new wardrobe , but my thoughts are in too much of a mess . 
 i think about calling stacey to pour out my confusions to her , but i know how worried she 'll get . 
 finally , i return to the living room , still deep in thought , and find myself face to face with a stranger . 
 she is an older woman , in her late fifties or early sixties , tall and slender , with thick wavy black hair and sparkling blue eyes . 
 there 's something vaguely familiar about her straight nose , determined chin and sharp cheekbones . 
 she smiles at me , the expression on her face welcoming and warm , as if we 've known each other for a long time , and are on the best of terms . 
 i cast a curious glance at mrs. daniels , who 's standing by the foyer door , not looking happy at all . 
 i turn back to the woman . 
 `` you must be sophie . '' 
 she declares , still smiling , and immediately i know who she is . 
 she moves towards me , determined and graceful . 
 i 'm not expecting the warm hug she gives me . 
 `` i 'm marianne weber , '' she coos , stepping back to take a good look at me , `` david 's mother . '' 
 i 've already guessed as much , but i still turn to mrs. daniel 's for confirmation , which she gives with a small nod , still looking extremely unhappy . 
 briefly , i wonder at the misgivings that are so clear on the housekeeper 's face , then i turn back to my guest . 
 `` i 'm pleased to meet you . '' 
 i say politely . 
 `` i did n't believe it when i heard , '' she exclaims . 
 she sounds playful and intimate as she leads me to a couch , `` and you are so cute . '' 
 she gives me a smile that is so like her son 's . 
 `` wo n't you tell me about yourself ? 
 how did you meet david ? '' 
 there 's something about her that instantly invites confidence , or maybe it 's just that i 've gone through life desperately wanting a mother . 
 i find myself wanting to talk to her . 
 it makes me feel awkward . 
 `` well ... '' i notice mrs. daniels disappear into the kitchen . 
 this is really odd . 
 it 's obvious that whoever told his mother about me , it was n't david . 
 i 'm sure he has no idea that she 's here ... and yet as she smiles at me , her sparkling eyes urging me to answer her question , i realize that i want to . 
 `` he came into the gift shop where i was working as an assistant , '' i say , `` he wanted to buy a gift . '' 
 i pause , `` for you actually . '' 
 she laughs merrily , as if i 've said something terribly funny , `` and then it was love at first sight . '' 
 she states . 
 for me , it probably was , but i still do n't know about david , so i do n't say anything she wants to know everything about me . 
 as we talk , i try my best not to give away too much , and not to sound evasive either . 
 `` you should go out , '' she states finally , `` make friends , meet people , and discover the city on your own . '' 
 her voice is earnest . 
 `` i 'm only here a few weeks every year these days , but whenever i 'm in town we could have lunch , get to know each other better . 
 `` that would be lovely . '' 
 i mean it . 
 i hear the elevator bell . 
 moments later , david walks into the living room , his face hardening to stone when he sees who i 'm with . 
 it 's really early for him to come home . 
 i immediately suspect that mrs. daniels called him to tell him his mother was with me . 
 i look from him to his mother , and i 'm sad to see the longing on her face . 
 she loves him , i realize , and he 's shut her out . 
 that 's his revenge for all the years she ignored him . 
 i get up from the couch . 
 `` i was just getting to know your mother . '' 
 i say cheerfully . 
 i 'm annoyed that he has kept her from me , but i 'm also eager to ease the tension i can sense in the room . 
 `` is n't that wonderful , '' his smile seems made of ice , `` and now she is leaving . '' 
 `` david ... '' her voice is a plea . 
 `` david ! '' 
 i exclaim at the same time , shocked at his rudeness . 
 he ignores me . 
 `` why did you come here ? '' 
 he says to her , the contempt in his voice unrelenting . 
 she sighs . 
 `` david , my son got married , and i had no idea . '' 
 she looks exasperated , `` i just wanted to meet sophie . '' 
 her answer does n't get anywhere with him . 
 `` i do n't want you here , '' his voice is steel , `` the next time you cajole anyone to let you in i will fire them . '' 
 i see her stiffen , and square her shoulders . 
 i hate that he is humiliating her . 
 no matter their history she is still his mother . 
 `` no , you wo n't . '' 
 my voice is hesitant , but i can see that he 's hurting her , and i do n't like it , `` and you may not want her here , but i do . '' 
 david looks at me in surprise , his expression soon changes to exasperation . 
 `` sophie ... '' he starts . 
 `` no stop , '' i interrupt , `` why do n't you want her here ? 
 is it because you want to continue keeping me a secret ? 
 why do n't you make her sign a non-disclosure agreement ? '' 
 his eyes narrow . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're saying . '' 
 `` do n't i ? '' 
 i stare at him squarely , `` did n't you make the beauty team , the personal shopper , every person i 've spoken to in all the days you 've kept me hidden in this apartment sign a document to prevent them for saying anything to anyone about me ? '' 
 he runs a hand through his hair and glares past me at his mother . 
 she shrugs , the movement of her shoulders saying she knew nothing about it . 
 `` you would n't understand . '' 
 he says finally , his eyes meeting mine . 
 my annoyance turns to pain . 
 it 's bad enough that he thinks it 's okay to keep me a secret , but to keep things from me because he think i do n't have the capacity to understand them is just insulting . 
 of course , i tell myself . 
 it 's already clear that he does n't have any feelings for me . 
 i 'm just a willing body to him , a warm body he does n't have to tell anything . 
 i turn away from him and walk out of the room . 
 at that moment , i almost wish that i 'd never met him . 
 i 'm tired of the feelings that have taken over me , the love , the frustration , the desperation , the deep sadness that comes with knowing i mean nothing to him . 
 `` i hope you 're glad . '' 
 i hear him say to his mother as i step out of the room . 
 his voice is like gravel . 
 i pause , `` i 'm sorry , '' i hear her say apologetically . 
 `` i had no idea . '' 
 `` well now you do . '' 
 there is a short pause , and then i hear her voice again . 
 `` an nda seems rather extreme ... does this have anything to do with carole banks ? '' 
 i do n't hear what he says to her , but i hear her footsteps as she leaves . 
 carole banks , i remember i 've heard that name before , that first night in his study . 
 who is she , and what does she have to do with anything ? 
 chapter five my tablet is still in david 's study , so that 's where i go , hoping that he wo n't follow me . 
 i hate that i have to find things out about my husband from the internet . 
 i start up the tablet again as i settle on the leather sofa , and search for carole banks . 
 i sift through all the many profiles until i find one that seems likely . 
 she 's a heiress , with a social life that spans new york , palm beach and europe . 
 born in seattle , her father was marshall banks , a name that 's only vaguely familiar until i remember the name of the investor who helped to make david 's first fortune by investing in a video game company david started with a couple of his friends while they were still in college . 
 i search for her name coupled with david 's and the articles that come up fill me with dismay . 
 i click on images , and what i see is the story of a long relationship that seems to span several countries and numerous events . 
 there are pictures of them together at gallery openings , benefits , nightclubs , vacations , and even at her father 's funeral where she leans on him while he holds her hand . 
 it would n't be so painful if they did n't look so good together , he tall handsome and intense , she with her wavy red hair , deep green eyes and languid smile . 
 a hot stab of jealousy passes through me , coupled with sadness . 
 how could i have thought any of this was real ? 
 i ca n't imagine how even for a moment , he 'll prefer me to her . 
 in all the articles , there 's a strong indication that the writers consider them a couple . 
 the latest , which has them together at a book launch , is only a few weeks before i met david in ashford . 
 the door opens and david steps into the room , looking worried . 
 his expression changes to relief when he sees me sitting there . 
 `` i 've been looking for you . '' 
 i shrug , turning back to the tablet , i 'm angry , jealous and in love . 
 it 's not a very good combination . 
 he comes closer to me and his eyes take in the search pages i have open on screen of the tablet . 
 `` nothing you find there has anything to do with me and you . '' 
 he says . 
 i can feel my heart breaking as i look at him . 
 is there a ` him ' and ` me ' ? 
 right now , i 'm not so sure . 
 i want to ask him once and for all , how he actually feels about me , but i 'm afraid i wo n't like the answer . 
 i turn back to the pictures on my tablet and stare at them for a long moment . 
 `` tell me about her . '' 
 i ask . 
 `` there 's nothing to tell . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i glare at him , `` because it 's very clear here that she was your girlfriend only a short time ago . 
 he shrugs , `` do n't believe everything you read in the papers sophie . 
 we saw each other on and off for a while , but it 's been over for a long time . '' 
 `` do you love her ? '' 
 i ask , unable to keep the jealousy i feel from creeping into my voice . 
 `` is that why you 're keeping me hidden , so that she wo n't find out about me ? '' 
 he sighs and walks over to me , coming to sit beside me . 
 i try not to be distracted by how beautiful he is , by the intensity in his eyes . 
 i have to try very hard to breathe . 
 `` you do n't need to concern yourself about carole . '' 
 he says , his eyes holding mine and keeping me captive . 
 i want to believe him so much , even though he has n't even bothered to answer my question . 
 `` her father invested a lot in your career . '' 
 i start , looking away from him . 
 `` in return for a huge profit , '' he says coaxingly , `` it was good business , and he made money from preston corp every day we 've been in existence . '' 
 i close my eyes and take a breath . 
 `` all those pictures of the two of you ... '' `` mean nothing , '' he says , `` we went to a lot of the same places , and people are used to mentioning our names together . '' 
 i sniff , unconvinced . 
 `` why do n't you want anyone to know about me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 there is a long pause as i wait for him to answer my question . 
 my breath catches in my throat . 
 he does n't reply . 
 abruptly , i get up , abandoning the tablet on the sofa . 
 `` fine , do n't tell me . '' 
 i mutter , making for the door . 
 if i needed any proof that i mean nothing to him , this is it . 
 if he cared about me , he would tell me what i need to know . 
 he would n't keep me living in this limbo of not knowing where i stand . 
 his hand closes around mine before i get to the door . 
 `` sophie . '' 
 i turn around , hopeful , waiting for him to say something , but he stays silent . 
 i pull my hand from his . 
 `` do n't touch me . '' 
 i say , my voice catching in my throat . 
 `` do n't ever touch me again . '' 
 he looks annoyed . 
 `` stop being childish sophie . '' 
 his words are more hurtful than his silence , i turn from him and rush towards our room . 
 i need to get away from him . 
 i do n't care where i go . 
 i just want to stop feeling as if i 'm drowning in emotions i ca n't control . 
 `` sophie , for god 's sake . '' 
 i hear him , but i do n't stop . 
 i rush through the bedroom towards the closet . 
 the thought of leaving him fills me with physical pain , but i ca n't stay with him if he wo n't even talk to me . 
 he catches up with me before i get to the closet door . 
 he pulls me into his arms , crushing me to his chest . 
 `` stop , '' he whispers in my ear , `` stop . '' 
 i close my eyes , losing myself in his embrace , realizing , as i breathe in the scent of his skin , and feel the warmth of his arms around me , that i could never leave him , not when he can make me feel like this . 
 i melt into him , so overwhelmed by the depth of my emotions , that i can feel the wetness of tears in my eyes . 
 he starts to stroke my hair , and i press myself to his chest . 
 i can hear the rhythm of his heart beating . 
 in this moment , it feels as if he 's mine , as if the deep longing i feel for him is being fulfilled . 
 but i ca n't be sure , i ca n't be sure until he tells me how he feels . 
 `` why did you marry me david ? '' 
 my voice is hardly higher than a whisper . 
 he pulls back a little , looking down at my face . 
 `` because i wanted you , '' he says , stroking my arms . 
 my skin tingles where his fingers touch me , and i feel the last of my resistance melting . 
 `` i wanted you the moment i saw you standing outside that little shop in that small town , looking so lost and alone . 
 i wanted your innocence , your beauty , '' he leans over and drops a soft kiss on the sensitive corner of my lips , `` i wanted your body sophie , i wanted to see your face when i make you scream my name . '' 
 his words set a desperate fire to my blood . 
 i lean into him , hungry for him . 
 when it comes to this , i ca n't fight him . 
 i make one last attempt . 
 ` you did n't have to marry me , '' i whisper , `` you already had me . '' 
 `` and then i wanted no one else to ever have the pleasure . 
 understand that sophie , '' he says , moments before his mouth descends on mine in a scorching kiss . 
 `` you are mine . '' 
 my body melts and i press myself against him , aching to give him everything i am . 
 i want this . 
 i want him to belong to me , even if only for these few moments . 
 soon my clothes are on the floor , and his soon follow . 
 he carried me over to one of the two armchairs in the room and sets me down , kneeling on the floor between my legs . 
 i wrap my legs around his waist and press my body against him , rubbing myself against the hard swell of his erection . 
 i want him so much i 'm aching . 
 impatiently , i use my hand to guide him inside me , moaning as his tip slides into my body . 
 he grips my ass and lifts me off the chair , pressing me towards him as he enters me all the way . 
 my whole body weakens and i fall against him with a low moan . 
 he moves out and plunges into me again , and i cry out , my body shaking . 
 he continues to move , each stroke of his rock hard shaft driving me to a pleasurable madness . 
 later , when i am weak from my climax , he carries me to bed , stroking my hair as we lie side by side on the bed , my head resting on his shoulder . 
 i ca n't help wishing that we would always be like this . 
 `` you know , '' he says musingly . 
 `` i owe you a honeymoon . '' 
 `` yes you do , '' i agree , `` somewhere that will ` blow my mind '' ' i tease . 
 `` is there anywhere in particular you would like to go ? '' 
 he does n't stop stroking my hair . 
 i sigh . 
 `` i would go anywhere with you . '' 
 i tell him , and i mean it . 
 he turns over , until he is leaning over me . 
 the kiss he gives me is gentle and undemanding . 
 i close my eyes . 
 i can almost feel my consciousness dissolve into him . 
 i 've lost myself , i think . 
 this is how love feels . 
 `` i think i know just the place . '' 
 he pauses long enough to say before starting to kiss me again . '' 
 `` i thought we were going out for dinner , '' i ask breathlessly , when we stop for air . 
 `` forget dinner . '' 
 he says , his lips dipping to my breasts , and in a few moments , i have . 
 ~ § ~ § ~ § ~ § ~ in the morning , david is in his study arranging our trip , while mrs. daniels and i pack a few clothes . 
 he has refused to tell me where we 're going . 
 even when i asked him what i should pack . 
 `` just a few things , '' he 'd replied , `` you 're not going to be dressed most of the time . '' 
 i 've succeeded in pushing all thoughts of carole banks to the back of my mind . 
 i do n't want to think about her , or about the nda . 
 i do n't want anything to ruin my happiness . 
 `` wo n't you tell me where we 're going ? '' 
 i ask david later , as steve drives us to the airport . 
 `` i like to keep you guessing . '' 
 he replies . 
 he 's wearing jeans and a white t-shirt , with a black leather jacket , he looks so young and cool , i have to hold myself back from slobbering all over him . 
 we pass through cursory security checks at the airport , after which we go out to his plane , which is waiting for us on the runway . 
 i feel like a star as i stroll to the plane , hands linked with david 's , my halter neck dress flowing in the breeze , my eyes covered by wide sunshades . 
 a pilot and steward greet us as we enter the plane . 
 the interior is luxurious . 
 the main cabin is superbly furnished with comfortable looking couches , and well placed coffee tables . 
 there is also a private bedroom , with a bathroom and closet space . 
 we take off after an immigration official comes to check our passports . 
 i give him my new passport , still unable to believe how quickly it was prepared . 
 an agent arrived in the apartment in the morning with some forms , and watched me fill and sign them . 
 a few hours later , the passport arrived by courier . 
 the plane sails smoothly through the air . 
 if not for the puffy white clouds i can see through the windows , i can actually forget that we 're flying . 
 i stretch happily , taking sips from the glass of white wine the steward serves me . 
 `` it must be exciting travelling like this all the time . '' 
 i tell david . 
 he looks up from the newspaper he 's reading and shrugs . 
 `` yeah , probably . '' 
 i roll my eyes at his nonchalance , and he gives me a teasing smile . 
 i spent the next few minutes bugging him about where we are going . 
 when i finally fall asleep , he still has n't given me any clues . 
 when i wake up a couple of hours later , i 'm lying in david 's arms on the bed in the private cabin . 
 he must have undressed me , because i 'm only wearing one of his t-shirts and my panties . 
 beside me , he is asleep . 
 the cabin is dark , but i can see his face in the faint light of dawn stealing in through the windows . 
 i trace a finger along his chin , marveling at how handsome he looks while sleeping , boyish , careless , and relaxed , with his thick hair tousled and all over the place . 
 his wakes up and stares at me groggily for a moment before the film of sleep clears from his eyes . 
 `` i hope i have n't grown horns . '' 
 he says . 
 if only he knew . 
 `` you 're still not going to tell me where we are going ? ' 
 he shakes his head and pulls me toward him until i 'm lying on top of him . 
 `` you 'll see when we get there . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` i 'm getting impatient . '' 
 in response , he pulls my face down and kisses me . 
 `` i can distract you . '' 
 he offers , grabbing my butt and rolling until he 's on top of me . 
 i start to laugh , but he silences me with his lips , kissing me until laughing is the farthest thing from my mind . 
 he makes slow love to me , taking his time as he initiates me to the pleasures of the mile-high club . 
 a few hours later , the plane lands in italy . 
 we shower in the small but well equipped private bathroom , and get ready to disembark . 
 as we go through customs , i discover that david speaks flawless italian . 
 he 'll probably never stop surprising me . 
 i decide . 
 `` how many languages do you speak ? '' 
 i ask him , curious . 
 he grimaces slightly . 
 `` a few , '' he tells me . 
 `` french , italian , enough of russian and spanish to have a sensible conversation . '' 
 i 'm staring at him , mouth open , `` and that 's a few ? '' 
 he winks . 
 `` i know , i 'm incredible . '' 
 i giggle at his words , allowing him to lead me out of the airport . 
 we 've landed in florence . 
 it 's very early in the morning , so the city is still asleep as the black suv that picks us at the airport drives through it . 
 we travel through the countryside with me dozing on david 's shoulder . 
 it 's just getting light when we arrive at our destination . 
 the car drives through a pair of wrought iron gates , and down a paved driveway , which ends in a circular cul-de-sac , with a stone fountain in the middle . 
 the house beyond the driveway is a stunningly beautiful villa . 
 in the early light , i can see the tiled terracotta colored walls , elegant white-painted stone arches , and the lawns that surround it , bounded by groves of trees . 
 i step out of the car , marveling . 
 i turn to david . 
 `` do you own this place ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we own this place . '' 
 he replies , making my heart expand . 
 he takes my hand , and we walk inside the house hand in hand . 
 inside , it is charmingly furnished and spacious , with french windows leading to outside terraces from almost every room on the ground floor . 
 upstairs , our bedroom has a marble bathroom and an attached study . 
 i gaze out of the windows at the countryside as the orange light of morning comes over the hills . 
 it 's too beautiful for words . 
 `` you are too rich . '' 
 i accuse him . 
 `` i think that 's an oxymoron . '' 
 i turn to him and see that he is teasing . 
 i laugh softly , and he joins in my merriment . 
 suddenly i feel so incredibly happy . 
 i go into the circle of his arms . 
 `` i hope you 're not tired . '' 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 his eyes twinkle , as he leans back to look into my face . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i have a burning desire to make love to my husband , in our beautiful villa in italy . '' 
 `` i 'm never too tired to fulfill your desires . '' 
 he says capturing my lips in a lush kiss . 
 we sink unto the bed , oblivious to anything else but the pleasure we know we can give each other . 
 chapter six the next two weeks are the height of bliss . 
 the villa is fully staffed and stocked for our arrival . 
 there is a cook , a maid , and a gardener , all italian . 
 they do n't speak a word of english between them , so david does most of the talking . 
 the first evening , we have dinner in the small town closest to us , and attend a puccini opera about a japanese girl in the turn of the century japan , who kills herself out of love for an american soldier . 
 i leave the opera crying even though i did n't understand any of the italian words . 
 we also visit the marble caves where michelangelo is supposed to have gotten the stone for his famous sculptures . 
 some days , we drive to florence in the audi convertible david has in the garage , where we visit galleries , museums , and landmarks , enjoying the experience of being anonymous tourists , as we walk around hand in hand , dressed casually in jeans , t-shirts , and sunglasses . 
 a few afternoons , david has to take long phone calls from the office . 
 i try not to mind , because i know how busy he is . 
 luckily , i brought my sketchpad along , so while he works , i draw . 
 `` so i 'm going to be one of those men married to famous artists , '' david teases me one day , looking over my shoulder at my work . 
 `` maybe i 'll be so successful , you 'll have to quit your job and let me support you . '' 
 he laughs as he looks through my finished drawings . 
 `` a life of ease , '' he says musingly . 
 `` i ought to take you up on that . '' 
 towards the end of the first week , we have a visitor , a charming italian called carlo marconi , he lives near florence , and was at harvard with david . 
 he arrives for lunch with his wife and two small children , and we eat on the terrace overlooking the lawns and the trees that stretch as far as the nearby town . 
 after lunch , while the children run around playing , david and carlo exchange stories of their college days , and a summer spent in italy with carlo 's family . 
 carlo 's wife gina and i laugh cheerfully at their stories , but i ca n't take my eyes off my husband , i have never seen this side of him . 
 he looks so relaxed . 
 `` you two look happy . '' 
 gina tells me , in lightly accented english . 
 `` david especially , i have not seen him like this before . '' 
 she pauses . 
 `` you are good for him . '' 
 and he is good for me , i think in silence . 
 `` i 'm glad you think so . '' 
 i reply . 
 she shrugs . 
 `` love can change anyone . '' 
 she states , smiling at me . 
 the children are demanding to be let into the pool . 
 i smile back at her as we go to prepare them for a swim . 
 ~ § ~ § ~ § ~ § ~ back in seattle , david has work to catch up on , i do n't mind . 
 my life feels charmed . 
 even though he still has n't said anything about love , i feel more secure and happy in our relationship . 
 i feel loved , and that means a lot to me . 
 i seem to have made a lot of friends in my absence , probably due to the fact that there has finally been an announcement in the newspapers about our wedding . 
 while david leaves immediately for work , mrs. daniel 's cheerfully hands me my mail , mostly invitations , requesting my presence at a variety of events . 
 i go through them , wondering which ones to accept and which ones to put under consideration . 
 at times like these , a girl needs her mother or her mother in law . 
 i 'm thinking of calling david 's mother when my phone rings . 
 `` hey . '' 
 it 's david . 
 even after two weeks when i 've had him all to myself , the sound of his voice can still turn my insides to liquid . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i reply . 
 `` would you like to go to this charity thing tonight ? '' 
 he asks , `` a dinner to raise money for the alliance for education . '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 i look through my invites again . 
 `` i have an invitation for that . '' 
 it says black tie , evening dress . 
 hmm . 
 `` yes , that makes sense . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` so , do i get to show you off tonight ? '' 
 my heart flutters in my chest . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` good , '' he chuckles , `` see you around seven . '' 
 after we talk , i go through my new clothes , trying to choose something to wear . 
 i finally decide on a pale blue strapless gown with a sweetheart neckline , which hugs my figure all the way to my thighs , and then flares softly to my feet . 
 the label has the name of a very famous designer . 
 it 's probably insanely expensive , i think , as i lay it out on the bed , but it 's also incredibly beautiful . 
 i shower and blow-dry my hair , brushing it until it is a soft , wavy mass around my shoulders . 
 i use a thick strand to secure it into a loose ponytail at the nape of my neck , and then sweep the mass of hair over my shoulder . 
 my makeup is simple , mainly because i do n't want to make a mistake and end up looking scary . 
 by the time david arrives from work , i 'm almost ready , all that 's left is to take off my silk dressing robe and put on my underwear and dress . 
 i revel in the look of appreciation he gives me when he walks into the apartment . 
 he pulls me to him , careful not to mess up my make-up . 
 `` how much damage will i do if i kiss you ? '' 
 he asks , his fingers finding my nipples through the silk dressing gown . 
 i 'm not sure i care , i 'd let him damage my make up whenever he wants . 
 `` a lot . '' 
 i murmur , trying to be sensible . 
 we do n't have time for this . 
 he unties the knot holding my dressing gown together . 
 ` too bad , '' he murmurs , `` because i 've been thinking of this all day . '' 
 `` while you should have been working ? '' 
 my laugh sounds a little breathless , maybe because his fingers have found my nipples again . 
 `` who cares ? '' 
 his voice is husky as he lifts me , wrapping my legs around his waist . 
 i wrap my arms around his neck , reveling in the hardness of his erection pressing against me as he carries me to our room . 
 he sits on the bed , narrowly avoiding wrinkling my dress . 
 i 'm straddling him , my knees on the bed . 
 while he removes his jacket and loosens his tie , i eagerly undo his trousers . 
 when he springs free of the restraint of his clothes , i sigh softly , and wrap my fingers around him , stroking him up and down . 
 he groans and grabs my hips , lifting me until i 'm poised over him , wet and ready , then i lower myself unto him , letting out a low moan as he fills me . 
 he braces his hands on the mattress while i hold on to his shoulders , and starts to thrust into me with an intensity that is both surprising and extremely arousing . 
 it feels so good . 
 i tighten my arms around him , pressing my heaving breasts to his face . 
 he sucks on my nipples , his pace never slowing . 
 my climax is raw and forceful . 
 i scream his name , weak and trembling , as i lose control of my body . 
 vaguely , i feel him stiffen inside me , and hear his groan as he comes . 
 i hold on to him , sweaty and satisfied . 
 we 're both breathing deeply . 
 sighing , he lifts me off him and sets me on my shaking legs . 
 `` we still have an event to attend . '' 
 he says regretfully , his eyes on my exposed body . 
 i have to fight the urge to climb back onto his lap . 
 `` yes , we do , '' i try to frown disapprovingly through my haze of pleasure , `` and i 'm sure you 've ruined my makeup . 
 i go to the bathroom to clean up , and then back to the dressing table to smooth my hair and get my make up back in order . 
 david has disappeared into the dressing room to get ready . 
 while he changes , i retrieve my dress and underwear from the bed and put them on . 
 i 'm about to zip the dress up when i feel david 's strong hands on my back . 
 he fastens the zip and steps back to look at me . 
 `` you look lovely . '' 
 he says . 
 i can see the admiration in his eyes , and it warms me from inside . 
 he looks magnificent , in a black tux , and a dark grey tie . 
 even though he has just brought me to an earth-shattering climax , i am overwhelmed by the strong wave of desire that passes through me . 
 `` you look wonderful too . '' 
 i murmur , it 's strange how even though we 're married he can make me feel like a fifteen year old in the presence of her first crush . 
 he smiles at the compliment . 
 `` i have something for you , '' he tells me , taking my hand and pulling me towards the dressing table . 
 he gestures for me to sit and as i do , i notice a black velvet box on the table . 
 before i have time to wonder what 's in it , he opens it to reveal a beautiful earring and necklace set . 
 it looks very familiar . 
 i frown , turning to look at him . 
 `` is this ... ? '' 
 `` your design ? '' 
 he interrupts , he is studying my face intently , as if he 's wondering if i 'll like it . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i stare at the sparkling diamond arrangement , mouth open . 
 `` but , how did you ... ? '' 
 i made a copy of one of your sketches and sent it off to a jeweler while we were in italy . '' 
 he says , fastening the necklace around my neck as i watch him in the mirror . 
 it 's more beautiful than i could have imagined it , even while i drew it . 
 i sigh softly . 
 `` it 's so beautiful . '' 
 `` you 're a rich man 's wife . ' 
 he says without conceit , `` it 's normal for you to have beautiful things . '' 
 i would have preferred him to say something more romantic , but i stifle the thought . 
 i do n't want to be ungrateful . 
 i put on the earrings , watching them twinkle in the light . 
 they really are gorgeous . 
 steve drives us to the event , characteristically silent as he maneuvers the evening traffic . 
 he drops us off in front of the brilliantly lit entrance of an upscale hotel . 
 there are a few pressmen standing outside and one or two flashbulbs go off . 
 i try not to flinch from the sudden bursts of light as david leads me inside , his hand at my back . 
 at the door to what looks like a grand ballroom , a smiling blonde woman in a flowing , cream silk gown comes to meet us . 
 `` david , '' she smiles in greeting , kissing both his cheeks , i guess her to be anywhere between her forties and sixties . 
 she looks beautiful , with a well-preserved figure and glowing skin . 
 she turns to me . 
 `` you must be the beautiful sophie . '' 
 her eyes sparkle as she looks me over , `` i 've only recently heard about you , you know . 
 david has been keeping you a terrible secret . '' 
 she laughs , `` are n't you a pretty thing though . '' 
 i turn to david , not sure what to say . 
 he looks faintly amused by the woman 's chattering . 
 `` sophie sweetheart , '' he says with a slight smile , `` this exceptionally beautiful lady is the incomparable peggy hart . '' 
 her name registers in my head . 
 her husband was simon hart , a recently deceased software billionaire , she is one of the richest women in the country , and a passionate philanthropist . 
 `` i 'm very honored to meet you . '' 
 i say sincerely . 
 she dimples . 
 `` thank you darling . '' 
 she says , kissing my cheek . 
 she turns to david and snorts playfully , `` i 'm not even going to respond to your flattery . '' 
 he laughs as she leads the way into the room , which is filled with men in tuxedos and women in evening dresses . 
 a low hum of conversation fills the room , as well as the sound of glasses clinking , and silvery laughter of the women . 
 `` your table is over there . '' 
 she says to david , pointing him in the right direction . 
 we 're stopped at least five times before we get to our table . 
 i watch david socialize , feeling the effects of his magnetic personality . 
 he pays attention to people , but always remains somehow aloof . 
 it makes them more eager to get his attention . 
 but it 's not their attention he wants , i decide , he really just prefers to stand alone . 
 where does that leave me ? 
 our table seats about twelve . 
 david pulls out a seat for me and takes the one beside it . 
 i feel everybody 's eyes on me as we take our seats . 
 they must be curious about me , i realize , i wonder what they 're thinking . 
 the table is almost completely filled , with only two empty seats . 
 we arrived late , so dinner is already being served . 
 as we eat , david converses quietly with the man on his other side , i recognize him as leon boise , a website entrepreneur . 
 i 've seen his picture while reading the news on my tablet . 
 as i eat , i play a game of adding names to the faces around me . 
 i only recognize a few , politicians , businessmen , internet pioneers . 
 i have to try not to be intimidated by it all . 
 after dinner , someone goes up to the podium and after a short applause starts to give a speech about the importance of literacy . 
 as i toy with the program on the table in front of me , i see that one of the sponsors is preston corp. . 
 i was right , i decide , david will never cease to surprise me . 
 `` i 've never been anywhere like this before , '' the man at my other side whispers to me . 
 i look up at him in surprise . 
 `` i 'm rick cruzman , '' he says , proffering his hand , i take it . 
 on closer inspection , i see that he is a boy , really , just a little older than i am . 
 `` me neither . '' 
 i respond with a smile . 
 he grins , revealing a crooked front tooth . 
 for some reason , it makes me warm to him . 
 there is something endearing and boyish about it . 
 `` i keep imagining that someone will come along and ask me what i 'm doing on this table . '' 
 he laughs nervously . 
 i keep silent , i do n't want to tell him that i almost feel the same way . 
 i look over at david . 
 done with his conversation , he is staring straight ahead , towards the podium . 
 he belongs here , i can see that , with these glamorous people and their sparkling jewelry . 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 i ask my new friend . 
 `` well , '' his eyes light up , `` your husband just acquired a new software i developed . 
 my company is now part of preston corp. '' he grins , `` i swear he 's totally changed my life in a matter of days . '' 
 the expression of gratitude in his eyes as they move to david and back to me fills me with pride . 
 i remember david telling me that he was in ashford to buy a software . 
 i realize i have this man to thank for the fact that i met david at all . 
 the thought makes me smile at him . 
 `` good for you . '' 
 i say . 
 the speech ends , and we all applaud , stopping when someone else takes the podium . 
 i 'm trying to pay attention when i notice rick 's eyes skip to something beyond the table and widen discernibly . 
 i turn in the direction he 's looking to see a woman approaching our table . 
 the only way to describe her is extraordinarily beautiful . 
 her hair is a deep copper , and piled on top of her head in a mass of burnished curls . 
 her shoulders are slim and pale , and exposed in the scarlet dress that clings to her curves as if she was poured into it . 
 her only jewelry is a green stone that sits between her breasts , matching the flashing green of her eyes . 
 she comes straight for our table , a gloved hand lightly resting on the arm of the youngish , handsome man who is escorting her . 
 i stiffen , watching as they take the empty seats . 
 i recognize her from the pictures i 've seen . 
 carole banks , david 's old girlfriend . 
 as she settles into her seat , she looks towards me , and the venom i see in her beautiful eyes almost knocks me off my seat . 
 i look towards david , he does n't seem surprised , he was expecting this , i realize , he was expecting her to be here . 
 `` carole ! '' 
 the exclamation comes from leon boise . 
 `` how nice to see you again . '' 
 she acknowledges him with a small smile . 
 i notice that she does n't look at david at all . 
 there 's more going on here than i know . 
 `` i had forgotten to congratulate you david , '' leon continues , `` i read about the attempted takeover , '' he turns to carole again . 
 `` i hear david has you to thank for retaining his control on the board . '' 
 for the first time , carole looks at david , her eyes absolutely poisonous , but there is something else in them , hurt , desire , i ca n't say . 
 `` yes , '' she says softly . 
 her voice is as beautiful as the rest of her , `` i sold him the shares of his company i got when my father died . '' 
 she laughs a little , without any merriment . 
 `` which means david preston will always control preston corp. '' david 's response is a smile . 
 `` as he should , carole , '' his hand comes to rest on mine on the table , a little gesture of intimacy that 's not lost on her . 
 `` have you met my wife ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i actually flinch at the look she gives me . 
 her face tightens , but only for a second , and then her perfect mask is back in place . 
 `` no , '' she says , `` i do n't believe i have had the pleasure . '' 
 the tone of her voice says it will be anything but a pleasure . 
 `` carole this is sophie , my wife . '' 
 he turns to me , `` this is carole banks . '' 
 he does n't offer anything more than that . 
 i have no idea what 's going on between her and david , but i give her a hesitant smile . 
 i can feel her animosity towards me coming in waves , but i decide to be polite even in the face of that . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 i say . 
 she chuckles , and it has a mocking ring to it . 
 `` the pleasure is mine . '' 
 she replies , and takes a long sip from her glass of wine . 
 the second speech ends , and we applaud again . 
 people start to get up from their tables to socialize some more , and to dance to the soft music from the orchestra . 
 carole is the first to leave our table , taking her companion with her . 
 i turn as david put a hand on my arm . 
 `` would you like to dance ? '' 
 he asks . 
 no , i would like to know what that was all about . 
 but i do n't say the words , instead , i allow him to lead me out to the ballroom , where couples of different ages are moving to the live music . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 i ask as we start to move . 
 i learned how to dance at school , thankfully , so i do n't trip over his feet . 
 `` what was what ? '' 
 he asks , nuzzling my hair . 
 he is deliberately avoiding my question . 
 `` what just happened at our table , with that woman ? '' 
 i insist . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` carole is n't too happy with the price she got for her shares , that 's all . '' 
 `` you did n't pay her as much as she wanted ? '' 
 `` i could n't . '' 
 he says , twirling me . 
 i frown , puzzled , `` then how did you get her to sell them to you ? '' 
 he shrugs again . 
 `` i have my ways . '' 
 a sneaking suspicion dawns on me . 
 `` wait , '' i ask , `` what did she want ? '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` she wanted me , '' he says without any hint of conceit . 
 `` either me or my destruction , '' he pulls me close and guides me in a spin . 
 i stare at him open-mouthed . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 i say as the music ends . 
 but he does n't explain . 
 he kisses me on the forehead as the man he had been talking to at our table , leon boise , comes to claim me for the next dance . 
 david hands me over with a curt smile , `` handle with extreme care , '' he says , before turning around and walking away from us . 
 `` i 'm leon boise , '' my new partner tells me as we start to dance . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 he laughs , his silver hair gleaming in the lights , `` i did n't think i was famous . '' 
 `` i may have read some news articles . '' 
 i tell him . 
 he seems surprised , but is happy enough to tell me about his business as we dance . 
 afterwards , i excuse myself and go to the ladies room . 
 while i 'm checking my makeup , the door opens , and my eyes meet carole bank 's in the mirror . 
 she pauses at the door , giving me a long hard look . 
 for a few moments , we just look at each other , her gaze shrewd and assessing , mine puzzled and expecting the worst . 
 she does n't disappoint . 
 `` oh look , it 's the child bride . '' 
 she says disparagingly . 
 i debate whether to reply , then i decide to ignore her , and turn back to the mirror . 
 `` so how 's marriage to david treating you ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` you look happy ? '' 
 i turn to look at her , unwilling to be affected by her animosity . 
 `` i am , actually . '' 
 i tell her , not that it 's any of her business . 
 her expression changes to one of faux concern . 
 `` does n't it bother you that it wo n't last ? '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` why should n't it ? 
 because i did n't try to buy david 's love with a couple of shares ? '' 
 her eyes narrow , and then suddenly , she starts to laugh . 
 `` you have no idea , do you ? 
 you really are as innocent and trusting as you look . '' 
 she makes the words sound like ` stupid and dumb ' . 
 she comes closer to me , as if she has some secret of vital importance to impart . 
 `` sophie , david uses people . 
 that 's how he got where he is . 
 he used me , he used my father , and now he 's using you . '' 
 `` you 're just saying that because you 're ... '' `` jealous ? '' 
 she interrupts , `` well maybe i am . 
 but darling the truth is , he married you for a reason , and now that he 's got what he wanted , he no longer needs you . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` well , he never would have had his company without my father , and he would have lost control of it if i had sold my shares to the wrong person . '' 
 `` so you told him you would sell your shares to him if he married you ? '' 
 i mirror her expression of scorn , `` that sounds pretty desperate to me . '' 
 she ignores me . 
 `` so your husband blackmailed me and forced me to do what he wanted . 
 he is a snake , and he always plays dirty . '' 
 she pauses , `` of course it was n't enough to him to win , he had to marry a green little country rat from the backwater to teach me a lesson . '' 
 her words touch me . 
 was n't that the answer to the question i had been asking myself all this time . 
 ` why did david marry me ? ' 
 `` you know i 'm right , '' she gives me a measuring look . 
 `` be careful sophie , david is a dangerous man , he wo n't hesitate to toss you away as soon he 's be done with you . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 i say with false bravado . 
 `` believe what you want . '' 
 she shakes her head `` who cares , just do n't get too comfortable in his life , you 'll be alone as soon as he gets tired of all that , '' she gestures in the general direction of my body . 
 i search my head for a retort , but she has already swung out of the room . 
 it 's only after she has gone that i realize that my fists are clenched so tight , my nails are cutting into the skin of my palms . 
 i do n't want to believe the things she 's said , but deep down , i know she 's telling the truth . 
 chapter seven when i leave the ladies room , all i want to do is find david and make him deny the things carole said to me . 
 he 's not in the ballroom , and the dining room is already empty . 
 i go in the direction of a wide stairway that leads from the ballroom to a mezzanine floor , where there are some chairs and many french doors that lead to a long balcony . 
 david 's not anywhere on the mezzanine floor either , i 'm about to turn back down the stairs when i decide to check outside . 
 the balcony runs along the whole length of the hotel and is filled with different species of potted plants . 
 there are a few people close to the doors , mostly smoking and conversing . 
 i decide to walk a little further , mainly because , there is a cool breeze coming from the sea . 
 i take only a few steps before i see them . 
 carole has her hands on david arm , and she 's saying something to him , her expression full of passion . 
 i freeze on the spot , unable to take my eyes off them . 
 i can only see david 's back , but he seems to be listening to her , whatever it is that she 's saying . 
 suddenly she pulls his face down and starts to kiss him . 
 i stand there waiting for him to push her away , but he does n't . 
 when i ca n't look anymore , i turn on my heel and rush back into the hotel . 
 i hurry down the stairs , feeling an actual pain in my chest . 
 it 's heavy and aching , and it 's spreading all over my body . 
 i need to get away from here . 
 away from him . 
 at the lobby , i ask for a cab . 
 it only takes a few minutes before one arrives . 
 i look back only once to see if maybe david has noticed that i 'm gone , but i suppose he 's too busy reconciling with his old love . 
 i ca n't shake the image of them kissing from my head , in my mind it turns to something else , and i can almost see him making love to her . 
 the thoughts fill me with a desperate sadness . 
 i want to go back and pull her off him . 
 i want to do many things , but i know there 's only one thing i should do . 
 when i get to the apartment , i find my bags , the one that came with me from ashford . 
 i pack my sketchpad , and my old clothes . 
 i do n't want to take anything of his . 
 i do n't want to take anything that will remind me of this life . 
 i hear my phone ringing in my purse , but i ignore it , i 'm not interested in whatever it is he has to say . 
 i 'm zipping the last bag closed when the door bursts open and david walks in . 
 he looks worried , but then he takes in the bags on the bed , the tears on my face , and his expression changes to steel . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asks slowly . 
 `` what does it look like ? '' 
 i retort without pausing . 
 `` i left you for a few moments at a party , and now you 're leaving me ? '' 
 `` you left me for far longer than a few minutes , to make out with your old girlfriend . '' 
 i throw the words at him , angry at the tears that are filling my eyes . 
 `` so now you 're running off back to ashford , '' the hardness in his voice intensifies almost enough to scare me . 
 he comes towards me . 
 `` tell me , is it eddie newton who 's going to be picking up the pieces of your broken heart , or will it be somebody else ? '' 
 `` what do you care ? '' 
 i cry . 
 `` for god 's sake sophie ! '' 
 the words are harsh . 
 i try to back away , but the bed is behind me , he is standing so close , i ca n't see anything but his chest . 
 `` let me go . '' 
 i whisper , `` i do n't belong here , in this big apartment , or in your luxurious life , and we both know it . '' 
 `` you do n't know what you 're saying , '' for a moment , i think there is a pleading note in his voice , but it must be my imagination because his expression remains like stone . 
 the truth is , if i knew how he felt about me , if i thought , even for one moment , that he cared about me , that i 'm not just someone he likes to sleep with , i would never think of going anywhere . 
 i swallow . 
 `` david , do you love me ? '' 
 i ask , looking up into his face . 
 my voice is trembling , maybe because i already know what the answer is . 
 he looks irritated , `` what has come over you ? '' 
 `` do you love me , david ? '' 
 i ask again . 
 his face freezes again , and i know he has shut me out . 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 he says , turning away . 
 i stare at his back . 
 somewhere inside , i still had hope , that maybe he would tell me that he loved me and make me stay with him . 
 `` you do n't love me do you ? '' 
 i accuse , shaking my head and feeling all my childish dreams and expectations crumbling around my feet . 
 how could i have thought , even for one moment that he could love me ? 
 i am just a means to an end , and he has used me because that 's what he does , he uses people . 
 carole was right . 
 he turns back towards me . 
 `` love is n't all it 's cracked up to be sophie . '' 
 his voice is almost gentle , `` other people would take what they have and be grateful for it . '' 
 maybe he meant for his words to comfort me , but i feel as if he has just crushed the last of my hopes . 
 `` and what do i have ? '' 
 i turn back to him . 
 `` tell me the truth david . 
 why did you marry me ? '' 
 his silence tells me what i need to know . 
 i turn away from him , back to my bags on the bed . 
 i 'm not looking at him , so i 'm not expecting it when he takes hold of my arm . 
 i turn around and stare up at him , breathing deeply . 
 he looks determined , and i wonder , filled with hope and dread , what he is going to say . 
 he moves closer to me and puts a hand on my cheek , stroking it slowly . 
 i wait , confused . 
 his hand moves down to my neck , and then to my shoulders , his eyes never leaving mine . 
 despite myself , i stare at him hypnotized . 
 as his fingers run down my arm , i ca n't prevent the shiver that runs through my body . 
 he notices , `` because of that . '' 
 he says . 
 his expression does n't change , but his fingers continue their journey , lightly skimming over my body as i stand in front of him . 
 when my whole body is shivering and aching for him , he leans in closer and whispers in my ear . 
 `` because of this , sophie . 
 this is what we have between us . '' 
 `` this is only sex . '' 
 i whisper helplessly , sadness and sexual arousal fighting for supremacy . 
 `` we have nothing . '' 
 his fingers skim lightly over a nipple . 
 as i shudder in pleasure , he smiles . 
 `` is this nothing , sophie ? '' 
 he has the voice of the devil , tempting and persuasive . 
 i want to throw aside everything i know to be true , and allow him to make love to me . 
 he leans forwards and whispers in my ear , arousing me with his warm breath on my nape . 
 `` do n't you want this sophie ? 
 do n't you want me to touch you ? 
 to make love to you , over and over again ? '' 
 his lips make a trail from my neck to my shoulder . 
 `` is n't it enough ? '' 
 i shake my head , tears stinging my eyes . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do n't lie to yourself ? 
 sophie , what else is there ? '' 
 his hand slide down over my dress and pull down the zip , making it fall to the ground . 
 his hands skim up over my waist and toward my breasts . 
 he stops just shy of touching them , teasing me . 
 i look up at him , my eyes pleading . 
 i do n't know what i want anymore . 
 i want him to love me , but i also want , more than anything , for him to keep touching me . 
 my breasts are heavy and straining through my bra . 
 my breath is coming in short gasps . 
 `` what do you want sophie ? '' 
 his fingers move upwards , skimming the lower curve of my breasts . 
 i moan softly . 
 he cups my breasts , squeezing them until my whole body is aching with desire . 
 `` is n't this enough ? ' 
 he asks again , i shake my head . 
 he sighs and undoes my bra , freeing my breasts . 
 i feel exposed , yet full of expectation . 
 i want this . 
 i want him , despite everything . 
 he starts to take off his clothes , i stand transfixed as he removes his jacket and tie , his shirt , then his pants . 
 by the time he 's totally naked , i 'm shaking with arousal , hungry for him . 
 he guides my hand to his hard length . 
 i touch him , glorying in the stiffness . 
 he wants me as much as i want him . 
 stroking him , i get down on my knees , trying to pleasure him with my hands and my mouth . 
 muttering an oath , he pulls me up , turns me around , and bends me over the bed . 
 he starts to stroke me through my panties , and in moments , i 'm burning for him . 
 he does n't make any move to end my torment . 
 his fingers continue to stroke me until my panties are soaked . 
 `` please . '' 
 i beg him brokenly . 
 `` please david . '' 
 `` tell me what you want . '' 
 his voice torments me . 
 `` please . '' 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` i want you . '' 
 i cry , grinding my hips against his fingers . 
 `` you want what ? '' 
 `` i want you to make love to me , david , please . '' 
 he pulls my panties down to my knees . 
 spreading my legs as far as my stretched panties will allow , he enters me , slowly , teasingly , pushing in inch by inch until i 'm going crazy and begging him to give me more . 
 i brace my hands on the mattress and push my hips back , urging him further in . 
 he stiffens , then moves , bending over me and grabbing each of my breasts in each hand , and pinning me to his body until i ca n't move . 
 then he starts to thrust into me , his hips slamming into mine while each stroke brings me to screaming , throbbing life . 
 the pleasure is exquisite . 
 it feels as if i 'm going to die . 
 my body explodes over and over , but he does n't stop . 
 as my body goes limp , i hear him whisper in my ear . 
 `` is n't this enough ? '' 
 when i do n't say anything , he starts to thrust again , making me come over and over again until i 'm screaming `` yes , yes , yes , '' to anything he asks . 
 later when i 'm lying on the bed , unable to move , my body limp with exhaustion and pleasure , he turns to me . 
 `` do n't mistake what we have '' he says , his voice like cold water on my skin , `` and do n't underestimate it either . '' 
 i want to cry , to lash out at him , i feel so hurt and humiliated . 
 `` and what about carole ? '' 
 i ask , `` what do you two have ? '' 
 `` is that what this is all about ? 
 carole ? '' 
 he sits up , `` did she say something to you ? '' 
 `` you used her , '' i accuse , `` just like you 're using me . '' 
 i choke on my words . 
 `` you wanted the shares she had in your company . '' 
 `` and she threatened to sell them to the man who wanted to take over my company if i did n't marry her . '' 
 he states without feeling , `` a man she was sleeping with i might add , along with a few others . '' 
 i stare at him , my mouth open . 
 `` you 're just saying that . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` maybe you should try to get your information accurate before you start throwing accusations . '' 
 `` it does n't make any difference . '' 
 i say . 
 `` even if she did all those things , it does n't change the fact that you do n't love me . 
 i 'm just the girl who was foolish enough to marry you so you could teach your ex-girlfriend a lesson . '' 
 i choke back a sob . 
 `` i ca n't take it david . '' 
 i get up , filled with resolve . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he asks , watching me . 
 `` i am leaving . '' 
 `` do n't threaten me . '' 
 the hardness in his voice almost makes me pause . 
 he rises to his feet , towering over me . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i spit at him . 
 `` will you marry someone else to teach me a lesson ? '' 
 he takes hold of my arm . 
 `` do n't test me sophie . '' 
 i ignore him . 
 he turns away . 
 `` fine , do whatever you like . 
 go back to ashford . 
 i 'm sure your little boyfriend will be more than eager to find you a place in his bed . 
 but while you 're at it , you might want to ask yourself why you married me . '' 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i almost choke on the words , saying them makes me want to burst into tears . 
 he laughs cruelly , `` what love . 
 did you fall in love with some stranger you hardly knew sophie , just because he asked you out to dinner . 
 get real sweetheart , this has always been about sex . '' 
 `` not for me . '' 
 `` then you 're a liar as well as a fool . '' 
 i stare at him , tears filling my eyes . 
 i do n't care that i 've nowhere to go . 
 i ca n't stay here . 
 `` i hate you , '' i tell him before i leave the bedroom , `` i hope i never have to see you again . 
 carole was right about you , you use people , and when you 're done with them you toss them away like rubbish , you 're not worthy of my love . '' 
 he flinches , and for a moment , a wounded expression flits over his face , then he turns away from me . 
 `` do whatever you want sophie . '' 
 i spend the night in one of the guest rooms , with my bags for company . 
 early in the morning , i hear him come into the room . 
 after a few moments , while i pretend to be asleep , he leaves . 
 after he 's gone , i take a quick shower and leave the apartment . 
 a few weeks ago , i had a plan to go to bellevue and find a job , and now , that is exactly what i 'm going to do . 
 keep scrolling to read the teaser for claim -lrb- a dangerous man # 3 -rrb- by serena grey . 
 short note psyche , as mentioned in this book , was , in greek and roman mythology , the youngest daughter of a king in ancient greece . 
 the fame of her beauty was so much that even venus , the goddess of love , grew jealous , and sent cupid , her son the god of love to work revenge on psyche by making her fall in love with someone horrible . 
 however , cupid falls in love with psyche and through a fake divination , deceives her family into believing that psyche must be made to marry a monster . 
 they take her to the mountains , from where she is borne to cupid 's beautiful palace by the west wind . 
 there , he visits her at night and makes love to her , always leaving before morning , and never showing her his face . 
 when psyche 's sisters come to visit her , they are jealous of the luxury of the palace , and convince her that her husband is in reality a monster who will kill her and her unborn child . 
 that night , while cupid sleeps , psyche fetches a lamp and sees his face for the first time . 
 struck by his beauty , she pricks her finger on one of his arrows and is filled with a feverish passion for him . 
 when he wakes up and sees what she has done , he leaves her . 
 about the author serena grey discovered her first love when she was a child , and has been reading non-stop since then . 
 she still loves to read , but now she also writes , because the stories in her head wo n't leave her in peace otherwise . 
 when she 's not reading and writing , she enjoys cocktails , coffee , ice cream , the vampire diaries , smash , and constantly drools over gabriel macht as harvey spector in suits . 
 click here to like her facebook page , follow her on twitter , view her author profile on goodreads , and see what she 's up to on her website . 
 to be the first to know about her new releases , join her new release email list and receive an email when , and only when she has a new book out . 
 sign up here claim a dangerous man # 3 by serena grey teaser `` may i drive now ? '' 
 i ask steve , as he maneuvers the car through the black , wrought iron gates , and onto the paved driveway of the old brick mansion where i 've lived since i was six . 
 he turns a brief glance in my direction . 
 `` not today . '' 
 he says , his voice deep and quiet . 
 with his shaved head and permanently severe expression , he could pass for a dangerous mobster , but actually , he 's an ex-marine . 
 my stepfather henry weber hired him to drive me around and keep me out of `` trouble . '' 
 whatever that is . 
 steve does n't talk much , but usually , he lets me drive when we get to the house . 
 i still have two years to go before i can get a license , but he says he has extreme confidence in my abilities , after all , he taught me himself . 
 we get to the end of the driveway , and i see why he did n't let me drive . 
 the shiny black bentley that 's usually covered up in the garage is parked close to the front door . 
 that can only mean one thing . 
 they 're back . 
 i frown . 
 steve stops the car . 
 `` see you later kid . '' 
 he sounds almost sympathetic . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i reply sullenly , climbing out and shouldering my backpack . 
 the thought of running into them makes me reluctant to go into the house . 
 i drag my feet to the door and cautiously push it open . 
 inside , all is quiet . 
 relieved , i let myself breathe . 
 maybe they 're tired from their flight , or sailing trip , or whatever , and have gone to bed already . 
 i move quietly . 
 with any luck , i can hide out in my room until they go out to one of the numerous parties they probably have lined up . 
 no such luck . 
 when i get upstairs and open the door to my room , i find my mother waiting for me . 
 she 's sitting at my reading desk , her back towards me . 
 her black hair , which is the same color as mine , is pinned up in a classy looking style , the way henry prefers it . 
 she never wears her hair down anymore , like she did when i was a kid . 
 she 's looking at the picture of my dad and me that occupies center place on my desk . 
 in the picture , i 'm a chubby , toothless baby , and my dad is carrying me around his shoulders . 
 she turns around at the sound of the door , and her eyes light up when she sees me . 
 `` david ! '' 
 she exclaims with a wide smile , as if she 's spent all the time when she was away waiting to see me again . 
 she gets up and comes to hug me , wrapping me in a cloud of soft perfume . 
 `` you 've grown so tall ! '' 
 she continues , still smiling and looking at me expectantly , as if she 's waiting for a response . 
 i mumble something in reply , squashing the instinct to hug her back the way i used to before , in the days when i lived for the moments when she would float back into my life after a long absence , with stories of places they had gone , and parties she 'd been to . 
 she 'd come with her beauty and her exotic adventures , and my life in her absence would fade to dullness . 
 now i just wish she would leave me alone . 
 she starts to talk about how she missed me , she sounds very sincere , but she ca n't have missed me very much if she did n't have a problem staying away for nearly six months , i decide resentfully , tuning her out . 
 i drop my backpack on the floor and go to sit at the edge of my bed . 
 while she talks , i study the picture of my father and me . 
 we 're both grinning happily at the camera , or at my mother behind the camera . 
 of course , that was back when she was still my mom , not henry weber 's socialite wife . 
 she 's still talking to me , but i ca n't really hear her . 
 i smile wistfully at my toothless baby grin behind my father 's handsome one . 
 he died when i was six , after a drunk driver ran a red light and crushed his car . 
 almost immediately , my mother married henry , an idle millionaire whose only desire is to travel and socialize . 
 she 's been travelling and socializing with him for nine years . 
 `` you 're starting to look so much like your father . '' 
 my mother 's soft words cut into my thoughts , and i turn towards her . 
 her eyes are shiny , like she 's about to cry . 
 i do n't say anything , even though the comment makes me happy and proud . 
 i ignore her sigh of exasperation at my silence . 
 what 's the point of telling her anything ? 
 soon she 'll have left for another one of their trips , and my life will go back to normal . 
 she leaves me alone soon after . 
 they 're going out to a dinner party , and she has to prepare . 
 i go downstairs to find steve , sure that i wo n't run into henry while he 's locked up in his massive closet trying to decide which one of his hundreds of tuxedos to wear . 
 steve lives in an apartment over the garage , and sometimes if i plead enough , he relents and teaches me some of his martial arts moves . 
 it 's while i 'm walking across the lawn towards the garage that i hear the voices . 
 i turn back towards the house , and through their bedroom window , see my mother and henry arguing . 
 i 'm not surprised . 
 they argue a lot . 
 henry 's a jerk . 
 i ca n't stand him , he ca n't stand me , and i have no idea how my mother can stand him . 
 i 'm about to turn away , when i see him raise a hand and strike my mother across the face . 
 i stand there frozen as she holds a hand to her cheek . 
 he turns towards the window , and seeing me , walks towards it and abruptly pulls the curtains closed . 
 ~ § ~ § ~ § ~ § ~ someone is trying to take control of my company . 
 that 's the thought on my mind as steve drives through the tree-lined streets of ashford , the small town where i came to do a friend a favor . 
 the favor is rick cruzman , a community college dropout who has developed an innovative software application for managing virtual money , and has been trying to market it for months . 
 he got a few minutes to sell it at a mediocre software conference at ashcroft hills , a business resort about thirty minutes from seattle , and because my friend , who 's happily retired from business , asked me to look into him , i took the half hour drive from my office . 
 i was also curious , restless , and in need of space to think . 
 it did n't take me long to decide that rick cruzman 's software had some potential . 
 after his presentation , i approached him and made an offer . 
 he jumped on it , like i knew he would . 
 i turn to look out of the car windows , my mind going back to my original thoughts . 
 someone has been stealthily acquiring preston corp stock directly from shareholders in the open market , operating behind a group of small companies , which i am sure , are all linked to one person . 
 i should n't be worried , i 'm the largest shareholder in my company , and i have voting agreements with the majority of the initial investors , giving me total voting control . 
 marshall banks was one of those original investors , and now , carole owns his substantial shares . 
 as the second largest shareholder , if she sells , i 'll lose the shares that make up a large amount of my voting power . 
 i could lose control . 
 and she knows it . 
 the memory of our last phone conversation brings a frown to my face . 
 carole 's breathy voice sounded smug and self-satisfied as she invited me to lunch . 
 i accepted because if i were a corporate raider intent of wresting control of preston corp , i would approach her , as i 'm sure someone already has , hence the smugness . 
 i know carole well enough to know that she wants something in return for not selling . 
 i feel a flash of irritation . 
 carole at her best is selfish and greedy . 
 at her worst , she 's calculating and vindictive . 
 i 'd rather not have to deal with her at all , and i plan to make it so that in the future , i do n't have to . 
 steve slows down to take a turn . 
 from the back seat , i can see his smooth shaved head , still the same as when he used to drive me as a teenager . 
 he 's a little bulkier now , but still as taciturn as the day we first met . 
 i 've stopped trying to imagine what goes on in his head beneath his silence . 
 i know now that there was a time when he was different . 
 he told me himself , in a rare unguarded moment , about his wife and little daughter dying while he was on active duty , when a shooter opened fire in a crowded mall . 
 he 's never forgiven himself for not being there to protect them . 
 guilt can do worse things to a man than make him reserved , so i do n't begrudge steve his silence . 
 i 'm about to go back to reading the documents i have on my lap when my eyes go to the window again , and i see the girl . 
 her hair is pale gold , wavy , and held back in a loose ponytail , with a few escaped tendrils framing her face in delicate wisps . 
 her figure is slight , yet curvy , and her eyes , as she gazes at the car passing by , are a deep , innocent green . 
 she looks lost . 
 beautiful and lost . 
 something happens to me as i look at her . 
 i forget about takeovers , shares , and software . 
 in the space between dreaming and longing , all i can do is stare . 
 i watch her turn around and walk through a doorway into what looks like a shop . 
 i do n't stop looking even as steve picks up speed and i have to crane my neck . 
 `` stop . '' 
 i say the words without thinking . 
 immediately the car stops . 
 if steve is surprised , he does n't show it . 
 `` back . '' 
 i say , still looking towards the girl . 
 i can still see her through the clear glass front of the shop she entered . 
 i wait impatiently as steve puts the car on reverse and backs up until i tell him to stop . 
 he parks by the spot where a few seconds before , the girl had been standing . 
 i only pause for a moment before i follow my instincts and step out of the car . 
 through the glass , my eyes meet hers again . 
 she 's looking at me , standing as still as a statue . 
 briefly , i wonder what i 'm doing , going to her . 
 i consider getting back in the car . 
 but i do n't . 
 instead , i push open the door and walk into the shop , straight towards where she stands staring at me . 
 her eyes are bright , her cheeks red , and her soft pink lips gently parted . 
 i have an insane urge to take her in my arms and kiss those lips until i 've tasted every inch of them . 
 it makes no sense . 
 `` good afternoon . '' 
 i say quickly , trying to keep a hold of myself . 
 i do n't want to do something crazy and scare her . 
 she is gazing at me , a confused frown on her face , almost as if she has no idea what to say in response . 
 `` good afternoon . '' 
 when she finally responds , her voice is soft and light , like a gentle breeze on a moonlit night . 
 the fact that i 'm having poetic impulses makes want to laugh at myself . 
 any minute now and i 'll be writing her sonnets . 
 `` would you like to buy something ? '' 
 she asks in that soft voice . 
 there is a very distinct flush staining her cheeks . 
 is she blushing ? 
 i stare at her , fascinated . 
 i realize that she 's waiting for a response . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i look around , taking in the collection of pretty things in ceramic and glass . 
 `` i 'd like ah ... a gift for my mother . '' 
 i turn back to her and watch , captivated , as her eyes widen slightly , their green depths darkening . 
 she has beautiful eyes . 
 i 'm still staring when she suddenly starts to move towards me . 
 my heart nearly stops when she passes right in front of me , our bodies almost brushing against each other as she moves farther into the shop . 
 i take a deep breath , filling my nose with her scent . 
 she smells like shampoo and strawberries , sweet and nice , and yet somehow , extremely sensual . 
 i follow her through the shop , only half listening as she talks about the items they have for sale . 
 i 'm too busy watching her slender waist and the smooth curve of her hips . 
 she stops suddenly and turns around , and i have to look back up at her face . 
 i do n't know what she sees in my expression , but she steps back abruptly , away from me . 
 she looks tense all of a sudden , and i almost feel guilty for checking her out . 
 `` we have um ... these glass sculptures are all made locally . '' 
 her words come out in a rush , and i can tell that she 's nervous . 
 well i 'm nervous too , nervous , fascinated , enthralled and so many other things i have n't felt in a long time . 
 it 's somewhat gratifying that she 's as affected by my presence as i am by hers . 
 she keeps talking , but i ca n't tear my eyes away from the lush pinkness of her lips . 
 the hunger to kiss those lips spreads from my brain to my fingers , and straight to my groin . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 i interrupt . 
 i 'm more interested in her than in anything stocked in the shop . 
 at first , she looks bewildered , like she has no idea what i just said . 
 `` sophie . '' 
 she says , after a short pause . 
 `` sophie bennett . '' 
 `` sophie . '' 
 i repeat . 
 the name suits her . 
 she looks quite young , i think , studying her face . 
 i find myself desperately hoping that she 's not in high school or something else that 'll make me feel like a pervert . 
 `` and how long have you worked here , sophie ? '' 
 i 'm trying to play it cool , even though my fingers are itching to touch her , to feel the smoothness of her skin . 
 `` i ... um ... '' she blinks rapidly , `` a few months . '' 
 `` interesting . '' 
 i assume she works part time while attending a local college . 
 at least i hope so . 
 that would make me feel less degenerate . 
 `` college ? '' 
 i ask , studying her face . 
 she shakes her head . 
 i frown . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 she pauses , licking her lips in a quick movement . 
 i stare at her moistened lips , unable to look away , or to ignore the sudden and insistent thickening in my pants . 
 `` eighteen . '' 
 she says , her voice so low i almost miss it . 
 eighteen ! 
 i 'm lusting after a baby . 
 i take a small step back , disappointment and common sense piercing through my overwhelming desire for her . 
 `` you 're very young . '' 
 i say unnecessarily . 
 she does n't reply . 
 i watch as her gaze drops from my face . 
 i 'm wondering what she 's thinking when she looks back up again , swallowing me with deep green eyes . 
 lost in the green depths , i ca n't think clearly , my mind fills of images of all the things i want to do to her , with her . 
 i am a pervert . 
 i look away , desperate for a distraction . 
 my eyes catch on a small glass sculpture . 
 `` i 'd like the glass swan . '' 
 i tell her . 
 she looks like i just spoke in greek . 
 `` the what ? '' 
 the nonplussed expression on her face brings a chuckle to my lips . 
 i incline my head towards the sculpture , noting her embarrassment as she picks it up . 
 i follow as she takes it to the desk at the front of the shop , trying this time not to ogle her perfect behind . 
 `` do you want it wrapped ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` yes , and delivered . '' 
 i give her my address in seattle , and wait as she jots it down on a notepad , then i hand her my card , and as she takes it , her fingers brush against mine . 
 they 're cool and soft , and i suddenly have an urge to take her hand and kiss it . 
 the contact is only for a few moments , but those moments seem to last for a long time . 
 she 's staring up at me like a deer caught in headlamps . 
 she feels it too , whatever this is . 
 abruptly , she pulls her hand from mine and swipes my card , not looking at me . 
 `` i want to see you . '' 
 the words escape my lips without any input from my brain . 
 she stills , and those green eyes find mine again . 
 `` what are you doing tonight ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 she says after a pause . 
 `` then have dinner with me . '' 
 she looks as if she 's thinking about it , confusion , and a whole lot of other emotions running through her features . 
 `` please . '' 
 i persist , giving her a smile for good measure . 
 somehow , i want this very badly . 
 i watch her expressive face , waiting for her to decide . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she says finally . 
 i feel as if i 've won a major triumph . 
 i realize that i 've been leaning over her , eagerly waiting for her reply . 
 i straighten . 
 `` when do you finish here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 her face creases again in a tiny frown . 
 `` at five . '' 
 she tells me , still looking hesitant . 
 `` i 'll be here . '' 
 i give her a reassuring smile , backing slowly towards the door . 
 outside , steve is waiting patiently in the car . 
 he does n't ask me why i 'm grinning so widely as i climb into the back seat . 
 from the author if you enjoyed this book , please consider leaving a review at the purchase site , or on goodreads . 
 i would love to know what you think . 
 feel free to tell your friends and family how much you liked this book . 
 do recommend and share it with them . 
 if you would like to receive an email alert whenever i have a new release , then subscribe here . 
 if you would like to reach me via email , you can do so at this address . 
 thank you for reading rebellion . 
 love , serena grey . 
 find books by serena grey awakening -lrb- a dangerous man # 1 -rrb- rebellion -lrb- a dangerous man # 2 -rrb- claim -lrb- a dangerous man # 3 -rrb- surrender -lrb- a dangerous man # 4 -rrb- 
