 copyright 2014 loretta lost cover art by sarah hansen of okaycreations.com smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 thank you for downloading this free book ! 
 to receive another free book as a gift , sign up for loretta 's mailing list today : subscribe prologue clutching the wall for support , i slide down to collapse gracelessly on the stairs . 
 what 's wrong with me ? 
 i stare forward into the darkness that is my world , gripping the edge of the cold metal step beneath me . 
 i am having trouble breathing . 
 my chest is heaving with short , abrupt gasps ; i think i might be crying , but there are no tears staining my cheeks . 
 i have no idea where i am . 
 the dark has never frightened me , but now , staring into the infinite expanse of nothingness ... i ca n't help thinking about death . 
 my mother 's death . 
 my own death . 
 placing a hand on my chest , i try to mentally force my pounding heart to settle down . 
 breathe in . 
 breathe out . 
 come on , helen . 
 you 're tough . 
 they all said it would take time . 
 they said that i should give myself time to grieve and get past this . 
 but as usual , i rushed in headfirst , thinking that i was stronger than everyone . 
 i conquer such huge obstacles on a daily basis . 
 what 's one more ? 
 of course , i was wrong . 
 i 'm always wrong , lately . 
 `` miss , are you okay ? '' 
 asks a gentle male voice . 
 i lift my head at the sound , surprised that i had n't heard this man approach . 
 he sounds young and innocent -- there is genuine concern in his tone . 
 of course , my tears would choose now to start spilling over . 
 i completely lose all grip on my resolve as my body begins to shake with sobs . 
 i gasp and clutch my knees , trying to fight against my misery . 
 just breathe in . 
 breathe out . 
 you can handle this . 
 you can handle anything . 
 i feel a large , warm hand resting on my shoulder , and it 's instantly comforting . 
 why is this stranger being so kind to me ? 
 it only makes me cry harder . 
 i have been holding on for so long , and keeping this all inside . 
 i just need to be weak for one moment . 
 just one moment . 
 there is a secret organ gathering pain like a balloon within my chest , and it has been threatening to explode for the longest time . 
 i just need a little cry to let some of the pressure out , to deflate it and keep it from destroying my insides with a near-nuclear detonation . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 the young man asks . 
 `` can i help you ? 
 anything . 
 anything at all . '' 
 `` i 'm just ... '' my voice sounds pitiful and wretched . 
 i take a deep breath and try to speak again . 
 `` i do n't know where i am . '' 
 `` you 're blind ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 i bite my lip and nod . 
 i 'm ashamed of the fact , and i generally try to navigate without using the collapsible white cane that rests tucked away within my backpack . 
 it feels like a badge of disgrace , announcing my disability to the world . 
 i do n't like being treated differently . 
 i do n't like being considered abnormal . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he prods . 
 `` you look like someone died . '' 
 i try to resist , but another sob shakes my body . 
 i am crying again . 
 just like that ; just so easily . 
 i do n't have time to mentally insult myself , or try to give myself a pep talk to be strong before i feel the stranger 's arms wrap around me . 
 `` shh , '' he says , holding me against his chest . 
 `` you 're okay . '' 
 i dissolve against him , completely vulnerable and hopeless . 
 i am not usually this needy , but in this moment , i need to fall apart . 
 i need to accept how brokenhearted i am before i can even try to mend . 
 just one moment . 
 all i need is this one moment , and i can get back to being me . 
 that 's enough , helen , says my ever-cautious inner voice . 
 get it together . 
 stop . 
 stop now . 
 breathe ! 
 `` can i help you , honey ? '' 
 he asks me again . 
 `` anything i can do . 
 just say the word . '' 
 `` i do n't know where i am , '' i say again , in a small voice . 
 `` this is the engineering department , '' he tells me . 
 `` are you an engineer ? '' 
 i release a burst of derisive laughter , and it cuts through my tears . 
 `` do i look like an engineer ? 
 gosh . 
 i 'm more lost than i thought . '' 
 he chuckles . 
 `` let me help you , '' he says softly , as he caresses my hand in a soothing manner . 
 he slips my backpack off my shoulders , as if taking the entire weight of the world away from me . 
 `` c’mon ! 
 i 'll guide you wherever you need to go . 
 you need to hold onto my elbow , right ? 
 is that how it works ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say , inspired by his infectious enthusiasm . 
 `` thanks . 
 my name is helen , by the way . '' 
 `` helen , '' he repeats , testing it on his tongue . 
 `` helen . 
 what a pretty name . 
 it suits you . 
 you 're such a pretty girl . '' 
 i smile and wipe my sleeve across my face to remove the moisture . 
 `` you 're just trying to make me feel better , '' i accuse as i allow him to help me to my feet . 
 `` is it working ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` maybe a little , '' i answer . 
 i 'm lying ; it 's not working . 
 but i do appreciate his efforts . 
 i feel him take my hand and wrap it around his elbow . 
 i am surprised by the size of the bicep that i am grasping . 
 `` do all engineers hit the gym as much as you do ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` only the ones on a football scholarship , '' he says proudly . 
 i force another smile . 
 `` that 's impressive . 
 i 'm a just a psychology major . '' 
 `` psych ? 
 nice . 
 do you plan on being a doctor or something ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm going to be a writer , '' i tell him . 
 `` i just like to understand people . 
 for some reason , i have a class in this building -- but i never come here , so i 'm not that familiar with the layout . '' 
 `` it 's kind of tricky , '' he tells me . 
 `` even people with perfect eyesight get lost in this labyrinth . 
 here , i think i know where the psych class is . 
 let me take you there . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i tell him faintly . 
 i grip the man 's solid upper arm as he guides me off the stairs and through a pair of double doors . 
 he walks at a comfortable pace as he leads me through the halls . 
 not so brisk that i have to powerwalk to keep up , and not so slow that i feel like a stupid child . 
 i had been a little more than just physically lost , so it is reassuring to feel the strength and warmth radiating through the sleeve of his shirt . 
 my fingers tighten around his elbow as we make some twists and turns through the building . 
 i am so relieved to be with a competent guide ; as prideful as i can be , it does make things easier to be able to rely on someone . 
 after a few minutes of walking , the boy finally comes to a stop . 
 `` here we are , '' he says . 
 i make a face in puzzlement . 
 `` i -- i do n't hear anything . 
 it 's so quiet . 
 are you sure we 're in the right place ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 it 's just through this door . '' 
 something in his voice gives me chills . 
 my body shudders . 
 i hear the door being unlocked , and there is only a deathly silence on the other side . 
 run , my inner voice tells me . 
 run ! 
 but it 's too late . 
 just as i 'm turning away , a hand clamps over my mouth . 
 i lift both of my hands to try to pry it off , but another hand fiercely clinches around my waist . 
 the boy roughly drags me into the room . 
 i try to scream , and violently push away with my legs , but i am held fast . 
 `` be quiet , '' he whispers . 
 `` no screaming , or i 'll rip your tongue out . 
 i 'm going to release you , but keep your mouth shut , okay ? '' 
 i nod . 
 the silence in the room is deafening . 
 my skin is prickled by rising goose bumps , and my heart furiously pumps hot blood through my body . 
 as soon as his hands release me , i swivel and smash my fist into his face . 
 he roars in pain , and i fling my foot outward , letting my heel connect with his knee . 
 feeling his leg beginning to buckle and crumple , i quickly duck away from him and lunge for the door . 
 grasping the handle , i pull the door halfway open before i feel it being slammed shut . 
 the boy grabs a fistful of my hair at the back of my head and uses it to smash my face against the door . 
 i cry out at the sharp pain in my nose , and my lip splits open against my teeth . 
 i taste a bitter , metallic liquid against my tongue . 
 my head spins and i grow dizzy . 
 i feel my body being hauled away from the door and thrown to the ground amid boxes and other debris . 
 i struggle to raise myself onto my elbows to fight against my assailant , but there is suddenly a heavy , crushing weight on top of me . 
 a large hand clamps around my neck and squeezes . 
 he is suffocating me . 
 `` i can make you feel better , helen , '' he says in a tender voice . 
 `` shhh . 
 just relax . 
 relax and let me take care of you . '' 
 i feel his hand reaching down to slip under my skirt . 
 `` relax and spread your legs . '' 
 `` are you insane ? '' 
 i hiss , clawing at the hand he 's holding over my throat . 
 he 's too strong . 
 tears flood my eyes once again . 
 `` i thought you were nice . '' 
 `` i guess you missed one too many psychology classes , huh ? '' 
 he says with a laugh . 
 he leans down and puts his lips very close to my ear . 
 `` just do n't worry , sweet thing . 
 you ca n't see me , so i 'm not even really here . 
 out of sight , out of mind . '' 
 `` you monster ! '' 
 i scream hoarsely , struggling against him . 
 `` how could you ... '' he removes his hand from my neck and hits me across the face . 
 my already bloody lip is swollen and pulsating . 
 i am afraid for my life . 
 maybe i should stop fighting and let him do whatever he intends to do ? 
 my sister and father need me , and i ca n't die . 
 it would destroy them . 
 they 've lost too much already . 
 i ca n't seem to stop sobbing . 
 i think of my mother . 
 maybe i should fight with the two-hundred-pound football player , and hope that he kills me so that i can be with her ? 
 my mind is a mess . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 i do n't know where i am . 
 i do n't know if i 'm going to survive this . 
 `` think about calm ocean breezes , '' the man on top of me says in a soothing voice . 
 `` shhh . 
 my sweet helen . 
 think about soft waves of the ocean . 
 shhh . 
 that 's all we are . 
 soft waves of the ocean . '' 
 his sadistic banter chills me to the bone . 
 why is this happening to me ? 
 why is this happening to me now ? 
 why , at my lowest moment , has the universe found a way to drag me down even further -- into an even deeper pit of despair ? 
 is this some kind of sick joke ? 
 i must be dreaming . 
 this ca n't really be happening . 
 but his thumb and forefinger continue to press down painfully on either side of my windpipe . 
 i gasp for breath as he steals the life away from me . 
 this is very real . 
 `` helen , '' he coos in a singsong voice as he moves on top of my body . 
 `` helen , helen , helen . 
 such a pretty name , for such a pretty girl . 
 my sweet , sweet helen . 
 the things i 'm going to do to you . '' 
 i am not sure what this man looks like , but i imagine that if i could see him , i would be staring up into the face of pure evil . 
 perhaps i should be thankful that i will never have to behold something so hideous . 
 if i survive this , i inwardly promise myself , i will have to get stronger , somehow . 
 i can never let something like this happen to me again . 
 chapter 1 three years later ... something does not sound right . 
 my fingers pause , hovering above the keyboard of my braille typewriter . 
 there is a suspicious vibration in the air this morning , like the incessant whirr of electricity . 
 people always used to be surprised when i asked them to turn off the lights , considering that i am incapable of seeing even the faintest glow -- but for me , it was deafening . 
 the city was full of noisy lights that were powerless to brighten my shadow-soaked world , constantly teasing me with their insect-like buzzing . 
 one of the main reasons i moved out here was for the peace and quiet ; but at this moment , it is neither peaceful nor quiet . 
 that bugs me . 
 i hear the sound of footsteps crunching in the snow , almost a mile away . 
 footsteps are not uncommon around here , but they do not usually belong to people . 
 i prefer it that way ; i have surrounded myself with acres of harmless , innocent forest , so that my only neighbors are squirrels and birds . 
 they are far more polite than human neighbors , and never dare to bother me -- not even to borrow condiments . 
 the trees , of course , have no voices . 
 unlike in narnia , they do n't whisper my secrets to each other , and mock me when my back is turned . 
 they have been kind , loyal friends -- quite dissimilar to most of the people i have known . 
 anyone who has had the good fortune of spending time with the infinite silence of the trees , will acknowledge their wisdom . 
 two distinct voices are approaching my residence . 
 this is strange and unsettling ; there is a flutter of fear in my gut . 
 the only voices that ever come all the way out here belong to the mailman , or occasionally , the repairman from town . 
 i am not expecting any visitors . 
 when i hid myself away in the wilderness all those years ago , i changed my name and did not tell my family or friends my address . 
 i knew they would have come looking for me , not believing that i could manage on my own . 
 they would have continued coddling me , and fussing over me like i was an invalid , and ultimately driven me insane . 
 i have been happy with my solitude . 
 i thought i had escaped the world of prying , controlling , and frustrating people , but these two voices sound self-important and righteous . 
 they sound like the types to callously invade my serenity and toss my life back into chaos . 
 i am simply not in the mood for this . 
 pushing my typewriter aside , i rise to my feet and begin pacing in my small cabin . 
 on the carpet , my own light footsteps are soundless and catlike . 
 however , my ears are filled with the cacophony of men 's boots smashing the thin layer of ice above the snow , again and again , in an offensive rhythm . 
 i wish they would turn away and go back to their own homes ! 
 i wish they would magically turn into tiny chipmunks , scurrying along on their business . 
 i like chipmunks . 
 from what i understand , they are quite adorable . 
 as the male voices approach , i can begin to make out their words -- they already sound rude and detestable , and not nearly as charming as chattering chipmunks . 
 `` i swear , liam . 
 if you made me come all the way out into the godforsaken boonies for nothing , i 'm going to be pissed . 
 i could have been relaxing at home with my girl this weekend . '' 
 `` come on , owen ! 
 you wanted a special candidate , and she 's the one . 
 i 'm sure of it . '' 
 `` but what if she does n't agree to join the study ? '' 
 asked the one called owen . 
 `` why would n't she agree ? '' 
 countered the man called liam . 
 `` there are virtually zero health risks ! 
 almost every blind person we 've approached has been excited at the idea of being able to see again . 
 there were a few hold-outs ... but they were nutcases . '' 
 `` yeah , some of these patients with lca can be real wackos , '' owen said . 
 `` being blind messes with their heads . 
 just do n't get your hopes up . '' 
 my eyebrows knit together in a deep frown as i eavesdrop on this conversation . 
 doctors . 
 why did it have to be doctors ? 
 could it not have been jehovah 's witnesses or bible salesmen coming to knock on my door instead ? 
 could it not have been girl scouts peddling cookies , or some disaster relief fund requesting donations ? 
 anyone but doctors ! 
 are there any people on the planet as two-faced as doctors ? 
 they pretend to care about you , acting sweet and condescending , and as soon as your back is turned , they reveal that they are only self-interested . 
 i have n't had such a scowl on my face in a long time , and my muscles are already beginning to hurt . 
 how did they find me ? 
 my name no longer matches the one on my records . 
 lca , or leber 's congenital amaurosis , is the disease i was born with , and it bothers me that these nosy physicians know about me and my medical history . 
 a knock finally sounds at the door . 
 `` hello ! 
 i 'm looking for helen . 
 miss helen winters ? '' 
 i am furious . 
 that is not my name anymore . 
 i consider remaining quiet and pretending that i am not home , but they could come back later . 
 it might be better to send them away with a definitive negative response to whatever offensive query they have for me . 
 they probably just want to poke around inside my eyes and use me as a guinea pig . 
 my father worked for pharmaceutical companies for years , and i know all about the unpleasant nature of such experiments . 
 i knew a few kids with my disease when i was younger . 
 many of their parents put them through dozens of stressful surgeries and failed research trials , to no avail . 
 i was lucky that my parents saved me from all the heartache of hoping and being disappointed . 
 `` miss winters ? '' 
 asks the man again . 
 `` are you home ? 
 sorry to intrude on you like this , unannounced . 
 my name is dr. liam larson , and this is my partner dr. owen philips . 
 we are currently leading a team conducting some clinical trials with groundbreaking gene therapy ... '' `` gene therapy ? '' 
 i ask in surprise . 
 i had not been planning to speak , but they caught me off-guard . 
 my voice sounds strange and awkward ; i have not used it in so long . 
 i am a bit embarrassed that my throat feels like a rusty instrument . 
 `` yes . 
 we 're looking for candidates between the ages of 23-26 to test a modification to an existing drug that has shown great promise . 
 if you agree to join this study , there 's a chance that we might be able to give you the ability to see . 
 would you like to open the door and let us tell you more about our research ? '' 
 my mind has begun racing as i stand frozen and rooted to the spot . 
 i place my fingers against my lips to keep from making any strange noises . 
 i do n't want to betray how i feel by breathing too erratically , so i try to clear my head and settle my nerves . 
 i have read about recent gene therapy research conducted for my disease , and it was extremely fascinating . 
 many people were able to regain their sight after the experiments , but there was no confirmation on whether it was permanent , or whether other problems would not arise . 
 still , i feel an incredible rush of excitement , and my imagination runs away with me . 
 what if i tried ? 
 what if it worked , even for a few days ? 
 what if i could see all the things i have never seen ? 
 i could see my sister , whom everyone declares to be stunningly beautiful . 
 i could see my father , and finally know what he looks like when he releases that bellow of deep , booming laughter . 
 i remember how prickly his beard used to feel when he would hug me , but my mother always said that she considered his beard handsome . 
 how could something that feels so unpleasant actually be appealing to the eye ? 
 what does a beard even look like ? 
 why was my sister always so obsessed with the color of her hair ? 
 why did she struggle to dye it blonde , and then red , and then black ? 
 what do those words even mean ? 
 what does blue look like ? 
 i have heard that the sky is blue . 
 i used to dream about supernaturally getting my vision back when i was a child ; a fairy would come and grant me a wish , because i had been good , or she had heard me crying and taken pity . 
 the first thing i would always do in these fantasies is run outside and look at the sky , and figure out what the heck blue means . 
 `` i do n't think she understands what you 're saying , liam , '' said the man named owen . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` look , lady . 
 we have a great opportunity for you ! 
 this gene therapy stuff ? 
 it 's astronomically expensive . 
 so , if you help us now , we 'll help you . 
 you can get your eyes fixed for free . 
 you could wait a few years for the drug to be approved for general usage -- it could be decades -- but it will probably cost millions of dollars to get the treatment , and be inaccessible to most people . 
 so , if you let us in , you can ask us questions and sign these papers . 
 we 'll be out of your hair in no time . 
 if you 're not interested , please tell us so we can leave . '' 
 i am not sure why this man seems so rude . 
 crossing my arms over my chest suspiciously , i am reminded of all the false promises and misleading statements that people have ever said to me . 
 i am reminded of why i left the city in the first place . 
 dealing with men like this on a daily basis was far more headache than it was worth . 
 why should i bother ? 
 what if i spend months undergoing trials , only to find that it does n't work for me ? 
 what if i never see even the tiniest glimmer of light , even after these doctors have convinced me to be optimistic and to even believe that it is highly likely ? 
 why should i overthrow my quiet , tranquil existence for a potentially devastating letdown ? 
 `` i do n't need your help , '' i say sharply through the door . 
 i immediately regret the words as soon as they leave my mouth , but my pride is like a snowball being pushed down a hill . 
 `` thanks for offering , but i 'm perfectly happy being blind . '' 
 `` see ? '' 
 owen says with annoyance . 
 `` i told you this was a waste of time . '' 
 the snow begins crunching again as he starts walking away , but i do not hear the second set of footsteps leave . 
 i move closer to the door , and press my ear against the surface . 
 i hear a quiet sigh . 
 `` please excuse my partner 's bad manners , '' says dr. larson . 
 `` it 's really cold out here and we 've been driving for hours . 
 dr. philips is just ... grumpy . '' 
 a warmth and sense of comfort begins to spread through my chest at the sound of his voice . 
 i open my mouth , tempted to apologize . 
 i feel a strong desire to open the door and invite him in for tea . 
 i have not had a conversation with another human being in a long time . 
 i occasionally talk to my publisher over the phone , but it is usually concise and strictly business . 
 chatting face-to-face could be nice . 
 my imagination starts to run away again , but this time , i keep it in check . 
 the muscles in my forehead have pulled taut in yet another frown . 
 experience has taught me how this goes ; to be fooled by a kind voice and soft words . 
 buried memories of a haunting deception begin to push into my consciousness . 
 it is always there , chewing at the edge of my mind . 
 long ago , i promised myself that i would be wary of strangers , and stop trusting my own flawed perceptions . 
 `` how did you get my address ? '' 
 i ask him angrily . 
 `` how did you get my medical records ? '' 
 `` your old specialist recommended your name for the trial . 
 do you remember dr. howard ? 
 i admit , it was difficult finding you -- but i pulled a few strings , and saw that you had some prescriptions sent to this address a few years ago ... '' for a moment , it escapes me . 
 then i remember and swallow in embarrassment . 
 `` my anti-depressants , '' i say , with silent fury . 
 they had been prescribed to me when i suffered a small breakdown after my mother 's death . 
 that was absolutely no business of his ! 
 also , unfortunately , the infernal things had not worked . 
 `` yes . 
 please , miss winters ! 
 this treatment could change your life . '' 
 i grit my teeth together angrily . 
 `` you should not be looking into people without their permission , dr. larson . 
 i 'm sure you could get in trouble for this . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 he sighs again , and i can hear a soft noise , like he is scratching his head . 
 `` i only came all this way because dr. howard said that you were a really bright girl , and a lovely person . 
 she said that if anyone would benefit from this research , it should be you . 
 she also said you were a writer -- she 's read some of your books , and was amazed with how much more you 've accomplished than most other people with your disease . '' 
 my books are my soft spot . 
 i find it very difficult to be upset with people when they compliment my work . 
 i pour so much of myself into those pages , that i can not help being super sensitive to all acclaim and critique . 
 i press my ear closer against the door as he continues . 
 `` heck ! '' 
 exclaims dr. larson . 
 `` she even gave me one of your books , and it was spellbinding . 
 i 'm not a fiction-person usually , but i could n't stop reading . 
 you 've accomplished so much more than most other people , period ! 
 people who have n't had to face the obstacles that you 've had . 
 you 're an incredible girl , and you really deserve this more than anyone . 
 just have some faith in me , miss winters . 
 i promise that i can help you . '' 
 i am a little annoyed with him , but my curiosity gets the best of me . 
 `` you read one of my books ? '' 
 i ask him , putting my hand flat against the door . 
 i find myself listening keenly for his answer . 
 `` yes , '' he responds . 
 there is a pause . 
 `` blind rage . 
 the revenge thriller . 
 i loved it ! '' 
 his words manage to draw a small smile from me . 
 `` thank you , dr. larson . '' 
 my smile spreads through me quickly , and i finally understand what people mean when they describe fuzzy feelings in their stomach . 
 it 's silly , but the doctor has made my day . 
 now , if he would only go away before anything more can be said which might ruin my day , that would be ideal . 
 `` you 're a smart girl , miss winters , '' he says softly , through the barrier of my front door . 
 `` you must know that in 2008 , for the first time , there were three research trials done where patients with your disease saw vast recoveries of their vision . 
 my partner , dr. philips , is a jerk -- but he 's right . 
 there 's only one gene therapy drug approved for use anywhere in the world , so far . 
 in europe they recently started making ... '' `` glybera , '' i finish for him . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` yes , '' he responded . 
 `` and it 's the most expensive drug in the world , costing $ 1.6 million for treatment . 
 i anticipate that once this drug becomes approved and available , it will be in a similar ballpark . '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' i tell him , leaning my shoulder against the door . 
 `` i 'm going to be a rich and famous author someday . 
 i 'll be able to afford it , eventually . '' 
 `` but what about the time , miss winters ? '' 
 he asked , his voice pleasing . 
 `` you could learn to drive a car ! 
 you could get married and have children , and see their faces . 
 see them grow up . 
 that 's what everyone with lca really wants most of all . 
 you could stop hiding away from the world , and get back to society -- you could be comfortable around people again . 
 it 's easier to communicate and form connections when you can see facial expressions ... '' he should have stopped talking when he said he liked my book . 
 this is making me upset . 
 `` dr. larson , if i wanted to form human connections , i would live in a location that facilitated more interaction . 
 a city or town . 
 maybe i 'd even stay in a nunnery or a brothel . 
 but i am in none of those places . 
 i am in the middle of a forest . 
 in the mountains . '' 
 `` that 's exactly the problem ! 
 this isolation simply is n't healthy for you , miss winters . 
 you need to ... '' `` no ! '' 
 i shout , pounding my fist against the door for emphasis . 
 `` do not tell me what i need . 
 i was perfectly fine before you came , and i will be perfectly fine after you leave . 
 my life is wonderful , and i love my privacy . 
 there are plenty of other deserving people my age , with my disease , who would be overjoyed to be selected . 
 go find them , and please get off my property , dr. larson . '' 
 he sighs again . 
 this man sure does sigh a lot . 
 `` okay , '' he responds , after a moment . 
 `` sorry to bother you , helen . '' 
 `` that 's not my name anymore , '' i whisper -- so softly i hope he can not hear me . 
 this time , i do hear his footsteps departing . 
 they are not as loud as before , and i imagine he must be stepping in the tracks left by his partner in the snow . 
 i wait until i can no longer hear his marching , and finally bow my head in misery at my own self-sabotaging ways . 
 i am acutely aware of the fact that i just lost the opportunity of a lifetime . 
 the opportunity to have my vision returned and be a completely normal person . 
 all because i was too scared to open my door to a strange man . 
 i had been blissfully lost in my writing only a few minutes earlier , but after this unexpected turn of events , i am in no mood to continue . 
 i consider reading instead . 
 once a month , i have a few books shipped to my little cabin , and i have accumulated quite the library . 
 however , as i walk over to my bookshelves and caress the braille titles , i feel dissatisfied and disappointed . 
 reading with my fingers is natural and easy , having done it my whole life , but i have always been curious to see what text looks like . 
 i have always wanted to read a book with my eyes . 
 i have always imagined that the first book i would read , if i ever regained vision , should be one that i had written . 
 but now , i 'll never even see what my own books look like in print . 
 i 'll never see the images on the cover , which are `` hauntingly beautiful , '' according to my publisher . 
 i stumble over to my bed , and curl up under the blankets . 
 i think i will just lie here and call myself stupid , over and over again , for several hours before getting back to work . 
 chapter 2 i ca n't seem to focus . 
 my mind is wandering all over the place , and i ca n't get a handle on my thoughts . 
 i ca n't sleep . 
 i tried to rest and calm my fretful brain , but after anxiously rolling around in bed for what felt like hours , i can no longer stand the discomfort of this new information . 
 the words are gnawing at my skin like a sudden rash that has covered me from head to toe ; neither scratching furiously nor lying completely still does anything to easy my agony . 
 gene therapy . 
 it sounds too good to be true , which means that it probably is . 
 i 'm not foolish , and i 'm not going to fall for pretty words . 
 still , the itch has gotten under the protective layer of my skull , and i ca n't manage to get at it . 
 it 's burrowing deeper , and infecting me with promise . 
 there 's a chance that we might be able to give you the ability to see . 
 standing up , i begin pacing in my small cabin , moving back and forth across the creaking floorboards . 
 how dare that arrogant doctor come to my front door and tell me what 's wrong with my life ? 
 i have carefully designed it this way . 
 i am comfortable in my small , secluded little world . 
 i already tried life in the big city , going to college , and socializing . 
 i tried to be like everyone else , and ignore my disability ; but they could not ignore it . 
 they were all either too kind and condescending or too sadistic and brutal -- there never was anything in between . 
 why would i want to subject myself to that again ? 
 my cabin begins to feel unusually small . 
 within a few minutes , i have paced from one end to the other dozens of times . 
 every lap i complete seems to make the tiny enclosure shrink even further . 
 now that the doctors have left , it feels achingly desolate here . 
 the once-comfortable silence is now ominous and depressing . 
 i pause in my pacing , as an alarming thought makes my blood run cold . 
 am i going to die here ? 
 all alone in the middle of nowhere ? 
 lifting a hand to touch my forehead , i exhale slowly . 
 i 'm only twenty-five , but from the way i live , you would think i was an old woman . 
 i bought a hideous , small house in the backwoods of new hampshire -- where no sane person would want to reside . 
 i told myself that this was what i wanted , but if i were to be achingly honest , i would admit that i do miss my family . 
 i miss people . 
 i miss their voices . 
 i miss the simple , comforting sensation of a hug . 
 i have n't had a hug in over three years . 
 and i just missed out on the opportunity of a lifetime , because i was too scared to open my door . 
 suddenly overwhelmed with the realization of what i 've lost , i move over to my desk and fall into my chair . 
 my aim is slightly off , and my thigh collides painfully with the arm of the chair before i can find the cushion . 
 i barely notice this injury as my hands begin to scramble over my desk , searching and rummaging for an item that i generally try to avoid using . 
 then my fingers brush against it ; the cool metal surface of my cell phone . 
 i clasp it victoriously in my hand , and rip it out of the wall socket , where it sits perpetually charging in case of an emergency . 
 holding the phone close to my lips , my hand shakes slightly . 
 i have been tempted to contact my family in the past , but i have never broken my vow of solitude . 
 however , i do n't think i have ever needed human contact as much as i do right now . 
 i need to hear the voice of someone i love . 
 i jab my thumb down on the large , circular button on my phone . 
 `` dial carmen , '' i command . 
 i wait for the cell phone to follow my instructions . 
 there is a beep of acquiescence . 
 `` calling carmen ! 
 please stand by . '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 i press the phone against my ear as it begins to ring . 
 i 'm terrified that my sister will hate me . 
 i abandoned her without a word . 
 we had been so close , but i had needed to get away with an undeniable urgency . 
 the ringing stops and a rustling noise is heard . 
 i imagine that she might be pulling her phone out of a purse cluttered with random accoutrements . 
 finally , there is a voice on the other end of the line . 
 `` carmen winters speaking ! 
 how may i help you ? '' 
 for a moment , i am too emotional to respond . 
 a thousand fond memories come rushing back to me , without warning . 
 her tone is upbeat and perky , with a feminine cadence . 
 there is just a touch of sophistication in her enunciation , so subtle that it might go unnoticed . 
 i 've missed her more than i can say . 
 `` helloooo ? '' 
 she says again . 
 `` is this some creepy-ass stalker ? 
 because i 'm not in the mood ... '' `` carm , '' i say softly . 
 my own voice comes out in a clumsy croak . 
 `` it 's me . '' 
 there 's a silence on the other end of the line . 
 i hear her breathing become louder and more erratic . 
 finally , she releases a sound that is half-sob , half-laugh . 
 `` hel -- helen ... '' a whimper filters through the line that is somewhere between a gasp and a sniffle . 
 i recognize these sounds . 
 she is trying desperately not to release a torrent of tears . 
 `` oh , carm . 
 please do n't cry , '' i beg her . 
 `` please . '' 
 `` i knew you 'd call me , '' she says , and her voice breaks . 
 `` i knew it ! 
 i knew that i 'd somehow get in touch with you again , before it was too late . '' 
 `` too late ? '' 
 i ask with worry , my face immediately contorting into a frown . 
 is something wrong ? 
 is she okay ? 
 dozens of dangerous situations dance across my mind , and i temporarily forget my own issues . 
 there is another silence on the line . 
 `` helen ... i 'm getting married tomorrow . '' 
 now i 'm the one making a strange sobbing-laughing sound . 
 `` oh my god ! 
 carmen , really ? 
 tomorrow ? 
 to daniel ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 oh , helen , you 've been gone so long . 
 daniel and i broke up a few months after you disappeared . 
 i was so depressed , and he just could n't handle it ... '' this news upsets me , and i bite down on my lip . 
 daniel was a decent guy , and i had liked him . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , carm . '' 
 `` well , you know . 
 after mom 's death -- none of us were in good shape . '' 
 carmen laughs a little . 
 `` what guy wants to date a girl who 's crying and moping all the time ? 
 and always going on and on about how much she misses her baby sister ? 
 but i got past it . 
 shortly after that , i met grayson , and he 's an absolute angel -- not to mention a total hunk . 
 he 's really been there for me . '' 
 `` are you sure about him , carm ? '' 
 i ask her with worry . 
 she used to have a miserable track record with men . 
 i know how she has a tendency to cling to anyone who shows her a bit of kindness . 
 `` you 're not rushing things ? '' 
 `` honey , i 'm 29 ! '' 
 carmen reminds me , putting emphasis on the number as if it is a critical turning point . 
 `` i feel like an old bat . 
 most of my friends have already gotten married . '' 
 `` that 's not what i asked , '' i tell her with a frown . 
 `` is grayson a good guy ? '' 
 `` heck , yes ! '' 
 she says , almost a little too enthusiastically . 
 `` he 's the one -- i 'm sure of it . 
 it 's going to be an amazing wedding ! 
 daddy is paying for everything . '' 
 we have n't even been talking for a full minute , and i am already developing a headache . 
 i am already beginning to remember why i left . 
 i have always felt so inadequate compared to carmen . 
 she is so dazzling and vibrant , even in her lowest moments . 
 when we were teenagers , and she temporarily experimented with being a blonde , she had decided it simply would not work for her because she appeared `` too bubbly . '' 
 i was confused about how a change of hair color could be so significant , but i never asked for clarification . 
 most of her fashion-obsessions and idiosyncrasies completely escaped me . 
 not just because i could not see , but because i could not bring myself to care . 
 `` helen , '' she says softly , and her voice is suddenly serious . 
 `` please come to my wedding . 
 please come home . '' 
 i hesitate . 
 there is an odd undertone of fear in her voice , which piques my curiosity and concern . 
 could something be wrong ? 
 `` please , hellie , '' she begs , using the old childhood nickname that had always irked me so much . 
 `` it 's the most important day of my life , and i need you to be there , standing beside me . 
 i need my baby sister . 
 will you come ? '' 
 i am acutely aware of the fact that she has not asked about me . 
 she has not asked about my whereabouts or my health . 
 although it 's on the tip of my tongue , i find myself unable to spill my own guts to tell her about my infuriating experience with the doctors . 
 i had hoped she would offer a listening ear , but as usual , she is too focused on her own events . 
 of course , she would be ; they are far more momentous and dramatic than anything that could ever happen to me . 
 `` you should be my maid of honor , '' she tells me . 
 `` please ? 
 helen ? 
 i 'll get you a bridesmaid dress . 
 there 's still time . 
 have you gained weight ? '' 
 i smile . 
 it 's the first question she has asked about me , and it is completely ridiculous . 
 `` how would i know ? '' 
 i answer , reaching down to check how much fat i can pinch on the side of my stomach . 
 it 's not very much . 
 `` i do n't own a scale -- and even if i did , i could n't read the numbers . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sure you 're just as gorgeous as ever , sweetie ! 
 will you come ? 
 please say yes . '' 
 she pauses , and her voice takes on a somber note . 
 `` please ... '' hearing the wavering sound in her voice , i sense trouble . 
 scowling , i reach up to scratch my head in disorientation . 
 `` i -- i do n't know , carm . '' 
 `` i 'll only have one wedding , helen . '' 
 carmen sounds dejected and upset . 
 `` it 's hard enough knowing that mom ca n't be there ... but you 're still alive . 
 do i have to accept that i 've lost my sister , too ? '' 
 this guilt trip is working very well . 
 even though i 'm frowning , and trying to be strong and maintain my ground , i feel myself caving . 
 `` fine , '' i mutter . 
 `` i 'll try to make it , but ... '' `` great ! 
 thanks , helen ! 
 i 'll see you soon . 
 come home as soon as you can , because i 'll need plenty of help getting ready . '' 
 the phone went dead . 
 i groan , clenching my fist around the little metal box . 
 `` i 'm doing fine , by the way . 
 thanks for asking , carmen . 
 all that horrible shit that happened to me ? 
 dropping of school ? 
 oh , yeah . 
 i 've gotten over it , and i 'm living a happy and well-adjusted life . 
 i 'm living life to the fullest , really . 
 i have tons of friends . 
 boys ? 
 sure . 
 there are plenty of men in my life . 
 most of them are chipmunks , but i would n't discriminate . '' 
 slamming the phone down on my desk , i roll my eyes and rise to my feet . 
 i march over to my kitchenette and begin ripping cupboard doors open , rummaging around for a bottle that i had tucked away for a special occasion . 
 or a dismal one . 
 when my fingers collide with the smooth , cool glass surface , i grab the neck of the bottle and yank it from the cupboard . 
 i quickly find my corkscrew , and retire to my small bed to comfort myself with some good wine . 
 `` oh , you really enjoyed my latest book ? 
 thanks for telling me , carmen ! 
 it 's so thoughtful of you to keep reading my work . 
 i have n't been insecure at all . 
 it 's not even slightly difficult being a blind writer . '' 
 i ca n't be bothered to get a glass , so once i remove the cork , i drink directly from the bottle . 
 the rich , robust flavor of the liquid smothers my tongue , and i lean back against the wooden wall in satisfaction . 
 `` by the way , i 'm making tons of money . 
 that 's why i bought a rundown cabin in the wilderness . 
 because of the hot location -- i 'm sure my property value is doubling , as we speak . 
 thanks for asking . '' 
 i know that it might not sound this way at the moment , but i love my sister . 
 everything about her is just so flawless that i ca n't help but be frustrated ; her personality feels radiant -- almost luminous . 
 even her name ! 
 carmen makes me think of the legendary heroine in an opera . 
 helen just sounds like a boring scientist . 
 that 's why i tried to change my name and leave my old life behind me . 
 but today , the past wo n't stop hunting me down . 
 i take another swig from my bottle . 
 `` of course i 'll come to your wedding ! 
 tomorrow ? 
 sure , that 's not inconvenient at all . 
 let me just get in my fancy car and have my chauffeur bring me over there . 
 it 's only two states away -- not much of a trip or anything . '' 
 i take another drink . 
 i 'm in the middle of talking to myself , yammering on like a crazy person , when i hear the crunching of footsteps again . 
 in my surprise , i nearly drop the wine bottle i 'm cradling against myself . 
 more visitors ? 
 a determined knock echoes against the wooden door of my cabin . 
 i look up sharply , glaring in the direction of the sound . 
 i remain motionless for a moment , staring into the dark expanse of my oblivion . 
 it may be black , but my imagination has never failed to paint fantastic images in every direction i gaze . 
 even when my eyes are closed , my mind creates whimsical shapes and patterns , dancing and spinning in the empty darkness . 
 but in this moment , my imagination falters . 
 there is only obscurity . 
 a stronger knock is heard on my door . 
 `` miss winters ! '' 
 says a demanding male voice . 
 `` open this door . 
 we need to talk . '' 
 i hug the wine bottle closer against me . 
 i recognize the irritating doctor 's voice from earlier . 
 i am not sure whether i should be relieved or upset that he returned . 
 it is true that i had been clinging to a sliver of hope that i could get a second chance to accept his offer . 
 but now that he is here , i am not sure how to tell him that i might like to try . 
 i have spent so much time running away from people that it is difficult to accept help . 
 long ago , i promised myself that i would lock myself up and never open the door to anyone . 
 if i were to turn the knob and crack the door open even a few inches , i know that all kinds of danger would pour through that crevice and surely ruin my life . 
 people can never seem to walk into my world without walking all over me . 
 they also leave their filthy , muddy footprints all over the floor , which i simply hate cleaning . 
 i realize that most people hate housework , but it 's actually very difficult to clean when you 're blind . 
 i would like to believe that i have more justification for hating cleaning than the average person . 
 he knocks again . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he shouts through the door . 
 `` i 'm a doctor , helen ! 
 you can trust me . 
 i know that you want to be a part of this study . 
 who would n't ? 
 let me in . 
 let me in so we can discuss this like adults . '' 
 scooting my body into the corner of my bed and the wall , i arrange my pillows around myself so i feel safe and protected . 
 if this is a siege , then i 'm willing to wait forever . 
 i am not going to open that door . 
 i take another large drink of my wine . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? '' 
 yells the doctor . 
 `` i wo n't let you miss out on this opportunity . 
 my colleague gave up on you , but i have n't ! 
 do n't you understand how expensive this procedure is , and how valuable it could be ? 
 you could have a life , helen ! 
 a real life ! '' 
 i frown deeply . 
 he sure is charming and polite , i think to myself sarcastically . 
 `` you could see the sunrise , '' he tells me . 
 `` you could see the sunset . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` do you remember that scene near the end of blind rage , where the couple is standing and talking on the balcony in greece , at sunset ? 
 you described such a breathtaking sky , and it just broke my heart to think that your readers were all getting to see the picture in their minds -- but you , the writer , could not . 
 would n't you like to know what a sunset looks like ? 
 i could show you . '' 
 i squint a little , making a face of displeasure . 
 he 's using my books as a weapon against me . 
 that is not fair . 
 a sunset is the natural phenomenon that i most desire to see . 
 `` the aurora borealis , '' he continues . 
 `` you 've written about that , too . 
 you have no idea what it looks like , helen . 
 these crazy , mystical lights dancing all over the northern sky . 
 it 's mind-blowing . 
 would n't you like to see that ? '' 
 i would . 
 i would very much like to see that , and so much more . 
 i clamp my lips together tightly to keep from responding and betraying my eagerness and apprehension . 
 the conflicting emotions are giving me a headache . 
 `` just go away , '' i whisper . 
 i speak so softly that i am sure he can not hear me . 
 `` just go away . '' 
 `` helen , i can help you . 
 for god 's sake , woman ! 
 have a little faith . '' 
 he hesitates , speaking a little quieter . 
 `` i do n't know what people have done to you in the past that have made you so guarded , but you need to trust me . 
 i became a doctor so i could take care of people . 
 if you let me , i 'll take care of you . '' 
 his voice has a strange quality that gives me a tiny shiver . 
 i feel the little hairs on my arms and the back of my neck standing up . 
 it feels like my body is trying to tell me something ; is it trying to encourage or warn me ? 
 should i trust this man ? 
 i want to . 
 i want to just throw caution to the wind and shout , yes ! 
 yes ! 
 fix me ! 
 please make me normal . 
 however , a nagging negative feeling restrains me . 
 i know that if i accept this offer , something terrible will happen . 
 something terrible always does . 
 `` okay , look . '' 
 the man sighs . 
 `` you do n't have to agree to participate in our study . 
 but i was really excited to meet you . 
 i came out all this way ... and i would hate to leave without something to remember you by . '' 
 he begins to fiddle with my door . 
 the sound of rusty metal grating against rusty metal is heard . 
 my entire body tenses up . 
 is he trying to break into my cabin ? 
 i feel my heart rate quicken , and my hands clamp tightly around my wine bottle . 
 the muscles in my thighs become so taut that they hurt . 
 i shrink even further back into my corner , reminding myself to breathe . 
 finally , a dull thump is heard . 
 the metal noises abruptly stop . 
 `` i just slipped a copy of blind rage through the mail slot , '' says the doctor . 
 `` do you think you could autograph the book and pass it back to me ? 
 it would mean a lot . '' 
 my face contorts in puzzlement . 
 a small laugh escapes my throat . 
 i place my wine bottle down on my nightstand and move over to the door . 
 stooping down to the ground , i feel around for the paperback novel . 
 my hand connects with the soft , familiar pages . 
 i smile . 
 i can almost feel that it 's my book , even before brushing my fingers over the raised lettering . 
 `` who should i make this out to ? '' 
 i ask softly . 
 `` to liam , '' he responds . 
 i move over to my desk , and begin pulling out drawers in search of a pen . 
 my hand finally touches a slender cylinder -- i do not have much use for pens , so i am surprised that i even have one . 
 i quickly scrawl a few words over the inside cover of the novel . 
 i do not write often , but i have done this many times for book signings . 
 my handwriting is probably not that attractive , but it 's the best i can manage . 
 using my finger to guide my lines , i write a personalized inscription : to liam . 
 please leave me alone . 
 winter rose with a sly smile , i move back over to the door . 
 i feel around for the mail slot and lift the metal flap , sliding the book through the opening . 
 `` here you go , '' i tell him . 
 `` a special autograph just for you . '' 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 he says with enthusiasm , reaching to take the book from me . 
 his fingertips brush against mine , and i jerk my hand away hastily . 
 i stumble backward and collide with my desk . 
 clutching the hand that he had barely grazed , i feel my fingers to see if they have been somehow burned or scalded . 
 i hold my breath , pressing my stinging fingers against my stomach . 
 it feels like they are on fire . 
 i have not touched another human being in over three years . 
 it 's unsettling . 
 having read the inscription , liam laughs lightly . 
 `` wow ! 
 thanks , winter -- uh , i mean helen ! 
 sorry , i did n't mean to call you by your pseudonym . '' 
 `` act -- actually , '' i say haltingly , as i try to ignore the odd sensation in my fingers , `` that 's my name now . 
 i legally changed it to winter rose . '' 
 `` well , it is very pretty , '' he responds , `` but i think helen has a certain charm , too . 
 why did you change it ? '' 
 pulling my lips into a grim line , i display distaste -- even though he can not see my expression through the door . 
 `` i just ... i could n't be helen anymore . 
 i did n't like her . '' 
 there is a silence . 
 i begin to feel a bit stupid for saying something so personal . 
 liam moves to sit outside my door , and i hear his back thump gently against the wood . 
 when he speaks again , his words are soft and serious . 
 `` it would be a great help if you could assist me in my research study . 
 i really think you 're an excellent candidate . '' 
 i hesitate before responding . 
 `` what if it does n't work out ? '' 
 `` it will . 
 i promise that it will be worth the risk , '' he assures me . 
 `` can you give me a little more information ? '' 
 i ask him softly . 
 `` maybe if you let me in . 
 it 's fucking cold out here . '' 
 i bite down on my lip as i consider this . 
 immediately , i feel self-conscious . 
 `` uh , i 'm not sure how tidy it is in here . 
 i was n't expecting visitors , and cleaning can be difficult . '' 
 `` i do n't care , '' he responds . 
 `` heck , i 'll tidy up for you ! 
 just let me in , winter . 
 i promise you wo n't regret it . '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 remembering how lost i felt before , when he walked away and i thought the opportunity was gone forever , i step forward boldly . 
 i reach out and touch my doorknob , tracing the lock with my fingertip . 
 `` i 'll let you in , '' i tell him , `` but you have to do something for me in return . '' 
 `` sure ! '' 
 he says instantly . 
 `` whatever you need . '' 
 i smile deviously . 
 my fingers turn the lock , and for the first time in three years , i open the door to a stranger . 
 chapter 3 as the door swings open , i begin to have panicked second thoughts . 
 i try to slam the wooden panel closed , but there is already a person in the way . 
 he walks into my cabin , and i can sense him looking around and assessing everything . 
 `` this is a sweet little setup , '' he says in surprise . 
 `` you 're very organized . '' 
 i 'm a little nervous , so i keep holding the door open , letting the cold air gust into the room . 
 `` this was n't a good idea , '' i tell the doctor . 
 `` i changed my mind . 
 you should go . '' 
 `` wow , '' he says softly . 
 `` you 're drop-dead gorgeous . '' 
 i shift uncomfortably as i imagine his eyes roaming all over my body . 
 i crinkle my nose up in a rebellious attempt to look unattractive . 
 `` well , i would n't know . 
 i have never looked into a mirror . '' 
 `` for that reason alone , you should take my offer , '' he informs me . 
 `` when you gain the ability to see , the first thing i 'm going to do after the operation is present you with a mirror . 
 you should know what you 're missing . 
 this ? 
 what i 'm looking at right now ? 
 it 's on par with your sunsets . '' 
 `` ha . 
 you 're some kind of smooth talker , are n't you ? '' 
 i ask with a grumble . 
 self-consciously , i reach up to touch my hair . 
 the texture is bland and dry ; not smooth and silky like my sister 's hair . 
 i am sure it looks as lackluster as it feels . 
 i really do n't take care of myself and all those superficial details quite as much as i should . 
 `` you do n't have to butter me up with fake flattery , '' i assure the doctor . 
 `` just give me the facts . '' 
 `` could you at least shut the door and give me a minute to warm up ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 there is a sound like he is rubbing his hands together and blowing on them . 
 `` it 's colder than a banshee 's nipple ring out there . '' 
 `` oh , '' i muse to myself . 
 `` i like that phrase . 
 i 'll have to use it in a book , sometime ... '' `` helen , please ? 
 the door ? '' 
 with an exasperated sigh at his childishness , i shut the door with a dramatic flourish . 
 `` is that better , tough guy ? 
 does that make invading my privacy and ruining my workday a little more comfortable for you ? '' 
 `` i still feel like my hands are going to fall off , '' he said , blowing on them frantically . 
 `` i was trying not to complain , but i think that 's the coldest wind i 've ever felt in my life . '' 
 `` aww , '' i say , making an exaggerated sound of sympathy . 
 `` would you like a cup of tea to warm up ? '' 
 `` sure ! 
 that would be great , '' liam says with enthusiasm . 
 i point to the other end of the cabin . 
 `` the kitchen 's over there . 
 knock yourself out . '' 
 he seems to pause for a moment in surprise , taken aback by my words . 
 `` you really are a lovely little lady , are n't you ? '' 
 `` what gave me away ? 
 my hospitality ? '' 
 i ask sweetly . 
 gesturing around at the desolate location , my lips curve upward in a little grin of sarcasm . 
 `` it 's obvious that i 'm a huge people-person . '' 
 the sound of footsteps echoes in the cabin as he heads toward the small kitchen . 
 `` good god , woman . 
 do you live on granola bars and protein shakes ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say slowly , `` and vitamins , of course . 
 what more do i need ? '' 
 `` where do i begin ? '' 
 he says , evidently appalled by the sight of my barren kitchen . 
 `` how about a good , balanced meal with fresh vegetables and meat ? 
 how about some fruit and dairy ? '' 
 i lift my shoulders in a shrug , pretending not to care . 
 `` it 's all too complicated . 
 the things i buy have very distant expiry dates , so they 're not likely to go bad . 
 it 's tricky enough for me to cook and clean , but leftovers are a pain in the ass . 
 i can never figure out what plastic containers in the fridge contain what , and how long they 've been sitting there . 
 it gets annoying when you need to sniff everything and do taste tests ... i would rather just be secure in the fact that everything is good to eat . 
 also , it makes garbage disposal a lot easier . '' 
 there is a silence , and i can feel him staring at me again . 
 `` no wonder you 're so skinny . 
 you do n't enjoy food . '' 
 `` hey ! 
 i love food , '' i tell him with a frown . 
 `` i grew up eating delicious meals -- i just ca n't be bothered to prepare them for myself . 
 it 's far too time-consuming and frustrating . 
 i would prefer to spend my time punching away at my keyboard . '' 
 `` hmm , '' says the doctor . 
 `` i think that if you could see , your diet would improve vastly . 
 fruit and vegetables can be colorful and aesthetically appealing ; you would experience your food a lot more . '' 
 `` why are you so judgmental ? '' 
 i ask sharply . 
 `` i have a system . 
 it 's a good system . 
 look around ! 
 everything works . 
 i get my groceries delivered every two weeks , and i consume more than enough nutrients to keep me alive and functioning . 
 actually , i 'm quite comfortable with this state of affairs . 
 i write great stories that lots of people enjoy reading . 
 i am a productive member of society . '' 
 i put my hands on my hips . 
 `` why are you trying so hard to fix me , when i 'm not broken ? 
 you act like you 're some white knight , coming in here to rescue the damsel in distress from her tower . 
 i do n't know if you noticed , but i do n't need rescuing . 
 i was just chilling here and enjoying a fine bottle of cabernet sauvignon , when you interrupted me ! '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' liam says quietly . 
 truthfully , this is a bit of a sore spot for me . 
 i really do miss having wonderful home-cooked meals . 
 when my mother died , things became difficult for us around the house back at home . 
 carmen and i were both terrible cooks , and we ended up going out for dinner with our father on most nights . 
 but since i left home , it 's been hopeless ; i have been living on these bland and tasteless concoctions for the sake of efficiency . 
 my occasional bottle of wine for celebration , or misery , is the most delicious thing i ever consume , these days . 
 i wo n't allow myself to possess anything else , for it will almost surely go bad without my notice . 
 most of the time , i do n't mind being so unsatisfied ; i realize that culinary delights are a luxury , and i did n't move all the way out here for the high life . 
 i just hate being forced to remember what i 'm missing . 
 `` you ca n't really enjoy living like this , helen ? '' 
 the doctor asks . 
 `` i think i 'd go crazy . '' 
 `` are you an ophthalmologist or a psychologist ? 
 stop asking such personal questions , '' i grumble . 
 `` who cares what i eat ? '' 
 `` it 's important , '' he tells me . 
 `` the whole body is connected . 
 if we manage to give you vision , you 'll still need a good diet to maintain your optical health . '' 
 i twist my face into a scowl . 
 `` so , are you going to give me information on the procedure you want to perform on me ? 
 or are we going to stand around making pointless small talk ? 
 are you going to keep complaining about the weather and my diet until i go crazy and scratch out my eyes so badly that you could n't possibly fix them ? '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` i have my documents right here in my bag . 
 let me read them to you . '' 
 i listen to the rustling of papers . 
 `` are you wearing a man-purse ? '' 
 i ask him curiously . 
 `` what ? 
 no ! '' 
 he seems wounded . 
 `` it 's ... like a briefcase . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` no reason . 
 you just seem like the sort of person that would carry a man-purse , '' i say with a shrug , returning to my wine bottle . 
 i sit on the edge of my bed and take another deep swig . 
 it occurs to me that without the few ounces i had consumed earlier , in frustration at my self-centered sister , i might not have been bold enough to open the door . 
 dr. liam larson does not seem as awful as i first expected , and i am grateful to the liquid for emboldening me . 
 i listen closely to the sound of him shuffling through papers . 
 i am eagerly , yet anxiously awaiting more information on his research study , but i am determined to appear cool and aloof . 
 `` you seemed to know a little about gene therapy when i mentioned it earlier , '' the doctor says . 
 `` how much of this data would you like me to go over ? 
 i do n't want to bore you . '' 
 `` just give me everything , '' i say hungrily . 
 `` i would prefer to hear as much as possible about this treatment before diving in . '' 
 `` great , '' liam says , clearing his throat . 
 `` well , as i 'm sure you know , lca is caused by a mutation in the rpe65 gene . 
 this causes blindness in patients with your disease , because your eyes ca n't produce a specific protein which allows you to use retinal , a form of vitamin a , to allow your photoreceptors to convert light into energy . '' 
 i nod to indicate that i 'm following his lecture . 
 the doctor continues . 
 `` the treatment targets rpe65 by delivering genes directly into the retina . 
 this is meant to sort-of reprogram the eye so that it can function , '' he explains . 
 liam pauses , shuffling through his papers . 
 `` i do n't want to mislead you . 
 unfortunately , this treatment is still in its infancy . 
 we 're still in the middle of a trial-and-error process . 
 many people have experienced improved vision immediately after treatment , but some have experienced a rapid loss of the vision . 
 it only works in the short term for some patients , while others have seen vast improvements for at least three years . '' 
 `` i understand , '' i say softly . 
 being able to see , for even a few years , could be life-altering . 
 `` a few years ago , researchers got really excited and thought this was like a magic cure , but it 's not quite so simple . 
 we 're trying to improve the gene delivery technique , because it only targets a small portion of the retina at the moment . 
 the old , damaged parts of the eye can poison the treated areas and cause them to revert back to their dysfunctional form . '' 
 he pauses for a moment , brushing his fingers across the information in his binder . 
 he clears his throat . 
 `` the reason i hunted you down is because i looked through some of your tests from when you were younger . 
 there are different types of lca , but your specific genetic mutation looks like it might respond well to our therapy . '' 
 nodding thoughtfully , i run my finger around the rim of my wine bottle . 
 i know that my disease is rather rare , and there are probably a limited number of potential candidates in my age group . 
 it would make sense that he would choose me based on a recommendation . 
 this allows me to grow a little less upset at his intrusion , and a little less suspicious ; only a little . 
 `` helen , you should accept my offer , '' he tells me seriously . 
 `` i really do believe that these clinical trials are going to yield the best results we 've ever seen . 
 we 're trying a different , dual approach this time to try to cause more complete healing of the entire eye . '' 
 `` and what would you need from me ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` well , we 'll need to closely monitor the thickness of the outer nuclear layer of your photoreceptors . 
 this means we 'll be using coherence tomography to take serial measurements , quite often . 
 a thinning of this layer indicates degeneration of the rods and cones , which we 're trying to prevent . '' 
 he exhales , and there is a sound like the closing of a binder . 
 `` basically , the main issue we 're facing is determining how to create a permanent , safe , and thorough solution . 
 you should do this , helen . 
 if you agree to participate in these clinical trials ... it could be amazing for you . '' 
 `` why me ? '' 
 i asked him . 
 `` why are you bothering to try and convince me ? 
 are n't there others , closer to your hospital ? '' 
 `` well , as i told you , i 'm friends with dr. leslie howard . 
 you 're one of her favorite patients , and she actually gave me your book a while ago . 
 when this study came up , i mentioned it to her , and she became insanely excited and began pushing me to find you and convince you to participate . '' 
 `` ah , '' i murmur . 
 this does make sense . 
 i had always gotten along quite well with leslie . 
 she was an old family friend , and i had even kept in touch with her sporadically after leaving home . 
 taking another sip of my wine , i quietly mull over this information . 
 the doctor clears his throat . 
 `` can i make a confession ? '' 
 liam asks nervously . 
 `` sure , '' i tell him with a shrug . 
 `` meeting you ... is wild . 
 i feel like i 'm in the presence of a celebrity . '' 
 smiling a little , i scoff . 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 because of my books ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 you 're a little different than i imagined , but i did expect you to love your wine . '' 
 the doctor laughs lightly . 
 `` why are all writers such heavy drinkers ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 why are all doctors such nosy pricks ? '' 
 i retort with a growl . 
 he chuckles at this , and does not seem to be offended . 
 `` did you know that you 're really popular in the blind community ? 
 i always tell my patients about you to inspire them . 
 there was a fascinating feature a few months ago ... '' `` i know , i know . 
 that dumb magazine article on the top ten most successful and influential blind people of 2013 . 
 that was just a publicity stunt by my publisher . 
 it 's marketing . 
 they 're capitalizing on my disability to sell books . 
 do n't believe everything you read . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' he says . 
 `` i should n't believe anything without hard evidence . 
 journalists often get it wrong . 
 and so do photographers ; you 're much , much prettier than the picture in the back of your book . '' 
 i raise my eyebrow . 
 `` at this point , i almost want to agree to your study just so you 'll stop talking . 
 calling me pretty is n't going to further your case . 
 also , i do n't really care if i 'm pretty ; what does that even mean ? 
 i have no concept of what an attractive person looks like , versus an unattractive one . '' 
 i growl a little . 
 `` are you taunting me ? 
 trying to flaunt that you can see what i look like while i have no earthly idea ? 
 or are you lying to manipulate me , because i 'm actually hideous , and i have no way of knowing that ? '' 
 `` i was just paying you a compliment , '' he says defensively . 
 `` obviously , it 's a subjective matter , but personally , i find you stunning . '' 
 `` yay , '' i say in a monotonous tone . 
 i take a sip from my bottle again . 
 `` well , i think i have an answer for you . 
 on whether i 'll participate in your study ... '' `` wait ! '' 
 he says quickly . 
 `` do n't you want to know more so you can make an informed decision ? '' 
 `` you gave me plenty of information ... '' `` just take a moment to really think about it , '' he tells me . 
 `` i do n't want you to miss out on this because you 're being hasty and prideful . 
 there might not be another study like this in the near future . 
 and it 's rare to find one in your age group ... '' liam sounds like he 's getting flustered . 
 `` i 'll do it , '' i tell him . 
 the doctor continues to panic . 
 `` think about what this could -- wait , what ? 
 you 'll do it ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 but you 'll have to do something for me in return , like you promised earlier . '' 
 i take another sip slowly . 
 `` i need a ride somewhere . '' 
 `` a ride ? 
 sure , that 's easy . 
 is that all ? '' 
 `` i need a ride to new york , '' i inform him . 
 `` tonight '' `` new york ? '' 
 he says in surprise . 
 `` well -- we were going to head back there anyway . 
 but dr. philips and i have a room booked here for the weekend , and he 's meeting family ... '' `` tonight , '' i repeat , unwaveringly . 
 `` it 's for my sister 's wedding . 
 i need to be there as soon as possible . 
 if we could leave now , that would be best . '' 
 `` but it 's at least a six hour trip , '' he says weakly . 
 `` we 've already been driving so much today . 
 i 'm exhausted ... '' `` there must be some reason you want me , specifically , for your study , '' i inform him . 
 i 'm bluffing a little , and overestimating my own importance . 
 i 'm also gambling on the fact that the doctor seems like a really nice guy . 
 `` if you take me to new york , i 'll be your guinea pig . 
 you can poke around at my eyes all you want . '' 
 he takes a moment to ponder my offer . 
 he sighs . 
 `` could i have some of that wine ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 i 've been drinking from the bottle ... '' `` that 's fine , '' he says , crossing the room toward me and taking the bottle from my hands . 
 he is not standing too close to me , but i can still feel his breath against my face . 
 a subtle whiff of his cologne invades my senses . 
 i flinch and scoot away on my bed , pressing my back against the wall . 
 my heart rate quickens , and i am suddenly very afraid . 
 he seems nice , but one can never be too sure . 
 my chest feels suddenly very full of a breath that i have been holding . 
 i can hear gulping noises from his throat as he swallows a generous helping of my wine . 
 `` okay , '' he says finally , placing the wine bottle down on the desk . 
 `` i 'll take you to new york . 
 let me just text dr. philips , and we 'll get going . '' 
 i release my breath in relief . 
 i am glad he did not notice my momentary anxiety attack . 
 `` great , '' i say in a confident voice . 
 `` you 're also going to help me pack . '' 
 chapter 4 the doctor grunts as he drags my suitcase out of my cabin . 
 `` do you really need all this stuff ? 
 it 's like you shoved your entire life in here ! '' 
 `` i like to be thorough and prepared , '' i tell him lightly . 
 i adjust my backpack over my shoulder , as it contains the most important items : my braille note taker , wallet , phone , and some other handy electronic devices . 
 i figure that i can get some writing done from the back seat of the car while the doctors drive me to my destination . 
 this does n't have to be a completely wasted workday . 
 i could still write a few thousand words -- or possibly take a nap . 
 `` you packed like you do n't intend to return here , '' liam observes as i turn the key in the lock to secure my front door . 
 `` i do n't think you left anything of value behind . '' 
 `` i like to keep the things i value very close to me , '' i respond , turning away from my cabin and taking a few steps in the direction of the road . 
 obviously , i have n't shoveled my driveway , and my winter boots crunch through the top layer of ice and sink deep into the snow . 
 i 'm bundled up warmly in a heavy coat and mittens , so the cold does not bother me . 
 i turn to look back over my shoulder toward the cabin where i spent the last three years of my life . 
 of course , i see nothing . 
 but as i try to envision what it might look like , i begin to feel an odd nostalgia for this contrived image in my mind . 
 `` maybe i wo n't come back , '' i say suddenly . 
 `` there were many reasons i left home ; if those reasons are no longer relevant , maybe i 'll stay there with my family . '' 
 `` what were the reasons ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 i shake my head , with a small smile . 
 `` no . 
 nuh-uh . 
 you 're not going to extract my deepest , darkest secrets only a few hours after meeting me . '' 
 `` do n't be so sure , '' he tells me . 
 `` we have a long car ride ahead of us , and i can be very persuasive . 
 i am almost positive i can dig up all your skeletons . '' 
 `` pfft . '' 
 i blow air through my lips in a sound of contempt . 
 `` you can dig all you like , but i buried those rotting corpses pretty well . '' 
 `` then i 'll just have to dig a little deeper , '' he says gently . 
 `` i think i see owen 's car pulling up . 
 would you like me to help guide you to the street ? '' 
 he places his elbow against my arm . 
 jerking away from him , i frown . 
 my neck flushes with heat , and my stomach churns with nausea . 
 his touch was respectful and kind , meant only to offer me support and direction , but i 'm not comfortable with this . 
 i 'm not comfortable with accepting help from a stranger unless there 's some sort of bargain agreed upon beforehand . 
 unless i know what i owe him in return . 
 we already have a bargain , and i am determined to never need anything more from him beyond this drive . 
 `` i can walk , '' i assure him . 
 `` i 'll just follow the sound of your footsteps . '' 
 `` why are you so stubborn , helen ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 `` it wo n't kill you to accept my arm . 
 i 'm a doctor . 
 i 'm here to help you , not to hurt you . '' 
 `` you are helping me , '' i say with forced cheerfulness . 
 `` you 're carrying my suitcase and offering me a ride to new york . 
 is n't that enough for one day , dr. larson ? '' 
 `` i just do n't understand you , '' he says as he begins trudging toward his colleague 's vehicle . 
 `` all the blind people i have met usually prefer a little more touch in their communication . '' 
 `` well , you had n't met me , '' i say simply as i stroll behind him . 
 `` i do n't like being touched . 
 i do n't like it when people use my disability as an excuse to fuss over me . '' 
 `` that 's not what i was doing ! '' 
 he says defensively . 
 he grumbles to himself , but continues moving toward the road . 
 he walks in silence for a few seconds before speaking again . 
 `` i think i should warn you : road trips with dr. philips can get a little ... crazy . '' 
 `` crazy ? '' 
 i say with a mixture of concern and curiosity . 
 `` dr. philips is usually very professional , but there 's something about long drives that turns him into a teenage boy . 
 i think he used to do road trips with his frat buddies to daytona beach for spring break . 
 he 's kind of ... odd . '' 
 liam clears his throat . 
 `` maybe he 'll behave himself with you in the car . '' 
 `` i 'm sure it wo n't be that bad , '' i say with a smile . 
 `` i hope not . 
 we 're a few steps away from the car now , '' liam informs me . 
 there is an unlocking sound as dr. philips pops the trunk open , and a little oompf as liam tosses my suitcase into the back of the car . 
 `` would you like me to help guide you into the backseat ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i am worried that he is going to touch my arm again , and i step back . 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` look , helen . 
 i work with patients who have limited vision all the time . 
 almost every day , really . 
 touch helps them to connect and understand , the way someone might observe facial expressions ... '' `` does it seem like i want to connect and understand ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` not particularly , '' he responds with disappointment . 
 `` good . '' 
 i would reach forward and touch the car , and fumble around for the door handle , but i know from experience that the handles are on different places on every car . 
 it 's frustrating , and i am almost guaranteed to look like an idiot while blindly groping the side of the car and getting my hands all dirty . 
 i would rather behave like a bitch than seem like a moron . 
 so , instead , i thrust my chin into the air . 
 `` i 'm a writer . 
 i like words . 
 if i wanted to connect and understand , i 'd listen to the words people say . 
 that 's all i really need . 
 are you going to open the car door for me , or not ? '' 
 `` i thought you did n't need help , '' he says with a chuckle . 
 `` i thought you were polite ! '' 
 i reply curtly , crossing my arms under my breasts . 
 `` i do n't need you to shove me into the car , but it 's customary to open the door . '' 
 there is a sound as his hand pulls the latch and swings open the panel of metal and glass . 
 `` i really hope we can restore your vision , helen , '' says the doctor . 
 `` maybe once you can see how beautiful the world is , you 'll be a little less bitter . '' 
 `` i 'm not bitter because i 'm blind , '' i tell him as i take off my backpack and move into the vehicle . 
 i feel around to get a sense of the layout of the car . 
 `` i 've just encountered one too many assholes , and lost my faith in humanity . '' 
 `` then i 'll just have to restore it , '' he tells me with determination , shutting the door and moving to the front seat . 
 `` hi , '' says the man in the driver 's seat . 
 his voice is not quite as deep as liam 's . 
 `` i 'm dr. owen philips . 
 i do n't have any faith in humanity either . 
 i think i lost it when my buddy liam convinced me to come out here for the weekend , and then randomly decides we 're going back to the city without any warning . '' 
 `` sorry , dr. philips , '' i say with regret . 
 `` that 's my fault . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i blame liam , '' says the other doctor . 
 `` he 's got a fanboy crush on you , so he was easily manipulated into doing whatever you wanted . '' 
 `` it was n't like that , '' liam protests as he settles into his seat and yanks out his seatbelt . 
 i hear the little click as it locks into place , and i am reminded to fasten my own . 
 i ca n't believe how long it 's been since i was in a vehicle . 
 i usually get everything delivered to me , so i can avoid people -- i never go anywhere anymore . 
 `` no , it was exactly like that , '' owen says . 
 his voice takes on a high-pitched tone of mimicry . 
 `` oh , i ca n't believe i 'm going to meet her ! 
 she 's such a great author ! 
 i wonder if she 'll sign my book ? '' 
 `` jesus , owen . 
 stop it , '' liam says with annoyance . 
 owen laughs . 
 `` i bet it does n't help that she 's really pretty . 
 helen -- can i call you helen ? '' 
 he does not wait for an answer before continuing . 
 `` i know you ca n't see , so i feel obliged to inform you that dr. larson is blushing furiously . 
 he is red as a beet . '' 
 `` i am not , '' liam says seriously . 
 `` he 's lying . 
 if there 's any redness in my cheeks , it 's from the cold wind outside . '' 
 i ca n't keep a smile away from my face . 
 his voice is so masculine and confident sounding that it is hard to imagine him displaying visual signs of embarrassment . 
 `` i 'm sure you 're not blushing , dr. larson . '' 
 `` enough with the formalities ! '' 
 owen says , as he puts the car into gear and slams his foot down on the gas . 
 the car lurches forward , peeling away from my cabin . 
 `` we are going to have fun on this road trip . 
 helen , just forget that we 're your doctors and treat us like your friends . 
 just feel comfortable to say what 's on your mind . 
 this is a safe and judgment-free zone . 
 i 'll get started ! '' 
 `` oh , no , '' liam says with a sigh . 
 `` please do n't ... '' `` right now , i 'm upset , '' owen tells us . 
 `` i 'm upset because i was relaxing in our hotel room , and enjoying this movie i ordered on the tv , when liam texted me that our vacation was over . 
 he said i had to drive over here right away . 
 and i was really enjoying the movie , if you know what i mean . '' 
 liam groans loudly . 
 `` dammit , owen ! 
 that hotel room is on my credit card . '' 
 `` it was just one movie , man . '' 
 `` yes , but -- dammit ! 
 you charged porn to my credit card ? '' 
 liam asked angrily . 
 `` i did n't say you could do that . '' 
 `` we 're friends . 
 i knew you 'd help a brother out , '' owen says . 
 there is a sound , which i assume is him reaching over to clap liam on the shoulder . 
 `` besides , i 'm sure it shows up as something discreet on the bill . '' 
 i lift my eyebrows . 
 i should probably reach into my backpack and pull out my notetaker to begin working , but i am a little too surprised and entertained by the doctors in the front seats . 
 `` maybe you should n't talk about this sort of thing with helen in the car , '' liam says quietly to owen . 
 `` why not ? 
 she does n't mind ! 
 do you mind , helen ? '' 
 again , he does n't wait for me to answer before continuing . 
 `` since you so rudely interrupted my movie , liam , and have no appreciation for the art of porn , i 'm going to tell you all about it . '' 
 `` no , '' liam says . 
 `` absolutely not . 
 here , let 's just listen to the radio ... '' he presses a dial on the dashboard and begins sifting through stations . 
 there is another noise as owen slams his hand down on the dashboard and turns off the radio . 
 `` actually , this is my car , so we play by my rules . 
 if you wanted to pick the topic of conversation or radio station , then we should have taken your car . 
 but no , your car is new and shiny , and you wanted to keep it all locked up safe in your garage . 
 let 's take owen 's crappy car , because who cares if we put more miles on it ! '' 
 liam sighs again . 
 `` owen , can you please try to act like a grown up ... '' `` what 's more grown up than porn ? '' 
 owen asks innocently . 
 he turns back to me , which i can tell from the direction of his voice . 
 `` hey , helen ! 
 have you ever seen a good porno ? 
 well , silly me -- what a stupid question ! 
 since you 're blind , let me try to describe what porn looks like . '' 
 `` uh , '' i say awkwardly . 
 `` i really have no interest ... '' `` no , no . 
 this is important . 
 you need to know what you 're missing out on ! 
 the skin pressed against skin , the bodily fluids slowly dripping down thighs ... '' `` oh my god , '' i say in discomfort , sinking down into the backseat and clutching my head which is quickly beginning to ache . 
 `` i really do n't want to hear this . 
 i was actually hoping to get some writing done while we drive . '' 
 `` sure , sure . 
 but maybe this could inspire you ! 
 just let me tell you about the movie i was watching . 
 i promise ; it had a really great storyline . '' 
 liam grunts with exasperation . 
 `` not this again , owen . 
 please , she really does n't want to hear about ... '' `` nonsense ! 
 she 'll love it . 
 so there 's this housewife , and she 's all alone at home . 
 and then she notices the pool boy , who is cleaning their pool without his shirt on . 
 his abs are glistening in the sun ... '' i let out a large groan . 
 `` please stop . 
 that does n't sound like a great storyline to me . '' 
 `` no , no ! 
 you only think you know what 's going to happen , but there 's a twist ! 
 she asks the pool boy if he feels like pizza , and orders delivery . 
 so then the two of them are making out while waiting for the pizza , and when they open the door to see the delivery boy -- he 's not wearing a shirt ! 
 so then the pool boy and the pizza delivery boy ... '' `` please kill me now , '' i say miserably . 
 `` only if you kill me first , '' liam responds . 
 `` but if i kill you , then you wo n't be able to kill me ! '' 
 i say frantically . 
 `` we could try to do it at the same time , but it seems technically challenging , '' liam says . 
 `` i guess we 're just stuck with listening to owen . '' 
 `` will you two stop interrupting me ? '' 
 asks our driver . 
 `` now where was i ? 
 oh , yeah ! 
 the pizza delivery boy pulls out his pepperoni sausage ... '' i should have brought earplugs . 
 it 's times like these that make me wish i was deaf instead of blind . 
 this is going to be a very long trip . 
 chapter 5 three hours later ... `` ... but my favorite was when the schoolgirl did n't complete her homework on time ! '' 
 owen was saying enthusiastically . 
 `` it was a great piece of filmmaking , because the professor had this dungeon ... '' `` hey , buddy , '' liam said , leaning forward . 
 `` looks like there 's a gas station at that exit up ahead . 
 did n't you say you were running low ? 
 how about we stop and fill up , and maybe grab a bite to eat ? '' 
 `` but i 'm in the middle of my story ! '' 
 owen protested . 
 `` do n't you want to hear what happens to the schoolgirl ? 
 helen does ! 
 do n't you , helen ? '' 
 `` get . 
 gas . 
 now . '' 
 my voice has never been more deadly serious . 
 `` sheesh , '' owen says sadly , signaling and pulling over to exit . 
 `` fine , helen ; if you insist . 
 i 'm disappointed in you . 
 liam is a spoilsport , but i would have thought that since you 're a writer , you would appreciate a good story . '' 
 `` a good story ? '' 
 i repeat incredulously . 
 `` owen , nothing you 've said in the past three hours has been anywhere close to a good story . 
 listening to you is making my ears hurt . 
 i think they 're melting -- your words are like acid being poured into my ear canals . '' 
 `` hey ! 
 that 's not nice , '' owen says in a grumpy tone . 
 it sounds like he might be pouting . 
 `` it 's medically impossible to lose your hearing from listening to someone talk about the glorious art of pornography . '' 
 i grumble to myself unhappily . 
 `` it 's possible if i buy a popsicle at the gas station , eat the popsicle , and then use the popsicle stick to gouge my own ears out so that i can tolerate the rest of this trip ! '' 
 sighing , i lean to press my head against the glass of the car window . 
 it is cold , and i use it like an ice pack to soothe my aching ear and temple . 
 i really do feel like if i need to listen to one more ridiculous tale of sexual depravity for no particular reason , i 'm going to lose my mind . 
 i really would n't care if they were good stories . 
 `` seriously . 
 i think i 'm going deaf . 
 it hurts . '' 
 `` well , that 's a bad problem to have when you 're in the car with two eye doctors ! '' 
 owen says cheerfully . 
 `` jesus , man , '' liam says to his friend in dismay . 
 `` it 's been hours . 
 you need to stop talking . 
 just let me put on the radio ... please . 
 what 's the point of us trying to mend her eyesight if you destroy her hearing by talking about bad porn ? '' 
 `` bad porn ? 
 bad porn ? 
 have n't you been listening ! '' 
 owen shouts . 
 `` i 'm discussing the all-time classics of porn ! 
 highly stylized , exotic foreign films ! 
 the vintage movies of yore ! 
 indie sensations featuring young , starving artists ; endearing and awkward real couples who were just trying to pay the rent ! '' 
 the vehicle comes to a stop , and i assume that he has pulled up to the gas station pump . 
 `` honestly , '' i tell the doctors . 
 `` can someone look at my ears and tell me if they 're bleeding ? '' 
 `` sorry , honey , '' owen says as he unlocks his seatbelt . 
 `` we ca n't help you there . 
 we 're only ophthalmologists , and you need an otolaryngologist . 
 we can recommend you to a few good ent docs . '' 
 `` just buy me a popsicle , '' i command him with a frown . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 he exclaims as he exits the car . 
 i feel the vehicle shift with the loss of his weight . 
 `` that reminds me of a great porno . 
 i 'll tell you about it once i get back ! '' 
 `` get me a popsicle , too , '' liam says weakly . 
 once the door shuts , liam turns in his seat to glance back at me . 
 `` i 'm so sorry about this , helen . 
 i think he 's doing it on purpose . '' 
 `` you should have warned me more , '' i say with a fake grimace . 
 although i 've been acting horrified , i actually find the whole situation quite hilarious -- dr. owen philips is somewhat adorable in a slightly pathetic way . 
 i try very hard to keep myself from smiling at liam to betray that i am enjoying the eccentric company . 
 `` i almost wish i 'd spent thousands of dollars on a cab ride , '' i tell him teasingly . 
 `` at least i would n't be scarred for life . '' 
 `` he means well , '' liam assures me . 
 `` he 's a good doctor , and a great friend . 
 he 's also really amazing to his girlfriend . '' 
 `` wow , '' i say in surprise . 
 `` how does someone like that get a girlfriend ? 
 is she human ? '' 
 liam chuckles . 
 `` yes . 
 oddly enough . 
 he treats her like a princess , but he still makes time to hang out with me . '' 
 `` i can see that he cares about you , '' i say gently . 
 `` it 's been a long time since i had a friend like that ... '' `` why ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` ca n't say . 
 it 's one of my dark secrets , '' i explain cryptically . 
 `` damn . 
 i wish owen would stop babbling about porn so that i could actually talk to you for five minutes , '' liam muttered . 
 `` you 're such an interesting person . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 i ask in confusion . 
 `` i 'm just your average hermit writer . '' 
 `` exactly , '' he says . 
 i hear a smile in his voice . 
 `` i do n't know too many of those . 
 you 're part of a very rare species . '' 
 i look down to hide my embarrassment . 
 i can feel him staring at me ; the tension is beginning to grow thick in our small quarters . 
 he is sitting very close to me , even if we are separated by the back of his seat . 
 when owen was in the car with us , the atmosphere was light and funny . 
 but now , it 's dark and intense ; it 's laced with something i do n't understand and do n't want to discover . 
 i try to think of something to say to take his focus away from me and my life . 
 `` it 's just a job , '' i say dumbly . 
 he scoffs . 
 `` just a job ? 
 helen , i work with other doctors every day . 
 we heal people , and it should be glamorous ; we should feel like heroes . 
 but in truth , it gets ... mechanical . 
 at some point , you start to question how important your work really is . 
 i mean , you can heal a person 's body ... but that does n't really heal the person . 
 we are n't just bodies , you know ? 
 that 's where your books come into play . '' 
 he pauses , and i can feel him giving me an earnest look . 
 `` books are medicine for the soul . 
 they heal the eternal parts of a person . '' 
 `` liam , '' i say in surprise . 
 `` you are a doctor of sorts , too , '' he tells me , `` except for the fact that your work persists . 
 if a person reads a good book -- they become permanently changed . 
 they ca n't even help it . 
 they ca n't unlearn what they 've learned . 
 it will always be with them . 
 our bodies all crumble and fade , and we 'll all eventually lose our eyesight near the end , along with many other basic bodily functions . 
 but i like to think that even when we 're gone , the soul retains some of that wisdom -- some of that feeling . 
 what i do is simple science , but what you do is ... magic . '' 
 `` stop talking , '' i whisper . 
 `` seriously , stop talking right now . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he says , somewhat hurt at the interruption . 
 `` because i 'm pretty sure that if you keep talking like this ... i 'll have to marry you , or something , '' i explain nervously . 
 `` so just zip it . '' 
 `` you 'll have to ... '' liam is repeating what i said in confusion , when his car door opens . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 owen says . 
 `` i filled up the tank , and got popsicles . 
 but liam , you 're going to have to take the wheel , so i can play games on my phone . 
 it 's very important . 
 and if you do n't want to drive , i 'm unwrapping your popsicle and tossing it on the ground . '' 
 `` fine , '' liam says , and there is the sound of crinkling plastic as he grabs the popsicle and gets out of the car . 
 i am very surprised that this mild level of blackmail is so effective . 
 liam really is a softie . 
 i feel the car shift as owen lunges into the seat in front of me . 
 i flinch when a cold plastic item is pressed against my cheek . 
 `` your popsicle , as requested , milady ! '' 
 owen says happily . 
 lifting my hand , i take the popsicle away from owen . 
 i smile as i begin to unwrap the item , so i can press the sweet concoction against my tongue . 
 just as i taste the frozen sugar-water , the driver 's side door opens and a cold wind blasts into the car . 
 i shiver . 
 `` dammit . 
 i should have thought of something warm , instead . 
 i wish hot chocolate could be converted into a weapon for self-mutilation ... '' `` i also got us some potato chips , '' owen tells us . 
 `` that should keep us going for the rest of the trip ! '' 
 `` could n't you have gotten something more substantial ? '' 
 liam asks him . 
 `` like maybe some sandwiches ? '' 
 `` but you love potato chips ! '' 
 owen says to his friend in astonishment . 
 `` they 're your guilty pleasure . 
 you have some tucked away in your office at work , and all over your house ... you can never get enough of potato chips . 
 i thought you 'd like them . '' 
 `` i do , '' liam says in dismay , `` but you could have tried to make me seem a little more mature in front of helen . 
 you could have avoided sharing my dirty secrets with the highly respected author that we just met . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i tell him gently . 
 `` i like potato chips too . 
 i 'm just surprised at how ... casual you both seem . '' 
 `` we work really hard all week , '' owen says , with his mouth full of potato chips . 
 `` we need to let loose sometime and just be ourselves . '' 
 liam starts up the car and begins to drive away from the gas station . 
 i instantly feel safe . 
 a wave of comfort washes over me . 
 sliding off my boots , i pull my legs up underneath my body and snuggle deeper into the soft fabric of the backseat . 
 i remember the way it felt to be driven around by my father when i was younger . 
 i remember being cozy and warm as i listened to the sound of my father 's laughter , while staring out the glass window and imagining all the things i could not see . 
 i remember my mother describing the landscapes ; fields of cows relaxing lazily in the sun , majestic mountains covered in snow at their peaks , and bridges that stretched farther than the horizon out over the ocean . 
 i remember deserts and double rainbows , waterfalls and fire-breathing dragons -- well , my mother might have taken some liberties with the landscape . 
 my sister and father would often join in with the fantastic storytelling , but i never minded the fiction too much . 
 i did become a writer , after all . 
 liam 's driving is so calm and solid compared to owen 's . 
 i ca n't help thinking that i wish i could be driving with him forever . 
 even if we never get to my sister 's wedding , it will have been worth it to me for the trip . 
 i have n't had this much fun in years , and it 's so nice to be around other human beings . 
 these two doctors are so silly and nice , and i simply love road trips . 
 liam 's words from earlier come back to me , unbidden , and i try to shut them out . 
 for some reason , the doctor 's words really did make me feel special and important . 
 i had not realized that my work had caused such a great impact on anyone . 
 i am suddenly stricken with the realization of what 's happening . 
 am i really doing this ? 
 am i really in a car with two men i just met , heading back to new york ? 
 am i really going to have a chance at getting my vision back ? 
 could it be possible ? 
 am i really going to see my family ? 
 for a few minutes , i get lost in thoughts of my mother and father . 
 i remember how much they loved each other . 
 i remember carmen 's boundless energy and enthusiasm , and how she could never miss an opportunity to insult or tease me . 
 i remember when things were good . 
 `` tell us a story , helen . '' 
 my mother 's voice filled my mind . 
 `` you 're such a great storyteller . 
 one day , you 're going to be an illustrious writer . 
 blind or not , you 're going to take the world by storm . 
 that 's why i named you after helen keller . 
 she never let anything stop her ! 
 neither will you . '' 
 the memory is almost too bittersweet to bear . 
 i realize that i have forgotten to lick my popsicle for several seconds , and the juice is dripping down onto my hand . 
 `` oh , that 's right ! '' 
 owen said suddenly . 
 `` i was going to tell you two about the popsicle-porno ! '' 
 liam and i groan . 
 `` no , really , this one 's great , '' owen says . 
 `` you 'll never guess where they put the popsicle . '' 
 `` i really do n't want to know , '' liam says . 
 `` helen wants to know ! '' 
 owen protested . 
 `` you want to know , do n't you helen ? 
 do n't you want to hear about how that sweet , sweet popsicle got shoved up someone 's ... '' `` hey , '' i said softly , cutting him off before he can assault my eardrums again . 
 `` can you guys both do me a favor ? '' 
 `` sure , '' owen says , and he seems suddenly attentive . 
 he seems to know that i need him to pause his joking around for a moment . 
 `` okay , '' i begin . 
 `` first of all , i do n't really believe that either of you are capable of considering me a friend . '' 
 `` helen ! '' 
 liam says in angry surprise . 
 `` wait , listen , '' i urge him . 
 `` i 'm a female , and soon i 'll be your patient -- i also think i 'm a few years younger than you guys , although you act like adolescents . 
 i 'm also disabled . 
 all of this would allow most people to automatically consider me inferior in several ways ; it would be hard for you to consider me an equal . 
 i know how the minds of men work . 
 however , if you are intent on continuing this charade and pretending to be my friend , could you please stop calling me helen ? 
 i changed my name , and i do n't like being called that . '' 
 the men seem to be sharing an uncomfortable look as they silently disagree with my statement . 
 i can hear the way they are looking at each other , and hear them choosing not to argue with me . 
 `` what do you want us to call you ? '' 
 owen asks . 
 `` winter , '' i tell him . 
 `` please call me winter . '' 
 `` oh ! 
 like the name on your books , '' owen muses . 
 `` sure thing . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i can do that , '' liam admits . 
 `` you feel more like a helen to me . '' 
 `` please , '' i coax him . 
 `` it really bothers me . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asks again . 
 my lips curve upward into a smile , and i am almost certain he is peeking into the rearview mirror to examine my expression . 
 `` that 's another deep , dark secret , '' i tell him , trying to make light of my own psychosis . 
 i return to gazing out the window , even though the act is futile . 
 i wish liam and owen would tell me what 's going on outside the car in the world around us . 
 i wish i was n't too embarrassed to ask . 
 i try to imagine breathtaking landscapes to distract me from owen 's disturbing visuals , and i manage to transport myself away in my mind . 
 chapter 6 `` i 'm getting too tired to drive , '' liam says gruffly . 
 `` my eyes are closing . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` no worries , '' i tell him . 
 `` i know you were n't planning on doing this tonight . 
 sorry for roping you into it . '' 
 `` i decided to give you a ride because i wanted to . 
 you should be at your sister 's wedding , '' liam says . 
 his voice is laced with sleepiness as he turns to his friend . 
 `` hey , owen ? 
 can you take over , man ? 
 i 'm seriously fading fast here . 
 getting tunnel vision , and everything . '' 
 his question is answered by a loud snore . 
 `` dammit , '' liam mutters . 
 `` i wish i could take over , '' i say in disappointment . 
 `` i 'm wide awake . '' 
 `` do you mind if i stop at a motel , helen ? '' 
 i am a little annoyed that liam wo n't even attempt to call me by the name i prefer . 
 `` i think i made an error in judgment , '' i inform him . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asks , `` from the sound of your voices , i would have guessed that you guys were no older than your early thirties ... '' `` we 're actually both in our late twenties , '' liam tells me . 
 `` i 'm 28 , and he 's 29 . '' 
 `` but you get tired fast , '' i tease , `` like old men . '' 
 liam laughs lightly . 
 `` i know we seem childish and carefree , '' he says , `` but we actually do have crazy hours . 
 it 's friday night , so you can bet that we both have n't had a full night 's sleep all week . '' 
 he yawns loudly . 
 `` okay , i ca n't even make it to a motel . 
 i saw a sign for a rest stop a few miles back , and i 'll pull over as soon as i see it . 
 i think owen has blankets in the trunk . '' 
 `` a rest stop ? '' 
 i ask nervously . 
 `` is that safe ? '' 
 `` it 's safer than crashing and dying . '' 
 i ponder this for a moment , but as i 'm worrying , i feel myself beginning to yawn . 
 i must be getting old , too , for i could also use a nap . 
 when liam pulls over and parks the car , i am already dozing off . 
 i hear the car door open and close as he moves to the trunk to gather blankets . 
 he opens the door nearest to me and drapes a blanket over my legs . 
 `` feel free to lie down and get comfortable , '' he tells me . 
 `` would it be better for you to come and rest in the backseat ? '' 
 i offer quietly . 
 `` i do n't want to make you uncomfortable , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll be fine in the front . '' 
 he shuts the door and moves back around the car to the driver 's side . 
 once he gets into the car , he locks the doors and turns the heat up . 
 `` wow , owen is completely out , '' he observes as he tugs a blanket over his friend . 
 `` he does n't seem to mind sleeping like this . 
 i think i 'm tired enough not to care . '' 
 i unbuckle my seatbelt and stretch my legs out on the seat . 
 my feet collide with my backpack , and i reach out to lift it and place it on the ground to give myself more room . 
 i begin to feel slightly guilty that i have so much space while the men are cramped in the front of the car . 
 i assume that they are both far taller than me , and they must be very uncomfortable . 
 i arrange the blanket over my legs , looking awkwardly in the direction of the tired doctors . 
 `` liam , '' i whisper , trying not to disturb owen . 
 `` i wish you could see this , '' he responds . 
 i hesitate . 
 `` see what ? '' 
 `` the stars . 
 we 're still out in the country , so the light pollution from the cities is n't hiding them from view quite as much as i 'm used to . 
 they 're just blanketing the entire sky , like snowflakes on asphalt . 
 there 's also a little sliver of moon ; not big or bright enough to distract from the stars . '' 
 `` what does it look like ? '' 
 i ask him softly . 
 `` the moon ? '' 
 he pauses thoughtfully . 
 `` it 's like ... god 's fingernail clipping . '' 
 this causes laughter to bubble up in my throat . 
 i touch one of my fingernails to refresh my concept of the shape . 
 i trace the gentle curvature and imagine the moon . 
 `` thanks , '' i tell him softly , pulling the blanket snug around my neck . 
 `` i can see it clearly . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'm going to have to turn off the car now , '' he tells me . 
 `` if i leave it running , the battery might die , and then we 'd be in a pickle . 
 if you get too cold , let me know . '' 
 nodding , i try to get comfortable . 
 my legs are feeling a little frozen , so i bring them closer to my body . 
 i wrap my arms around my middle , hugging myself . 
 listening carefully , between the sounds of owen 's snoring , i hear liam 's teeth chattering . 
 i suddenly feel awful for making him do this . 
 i consider inviting him into the back seat again , and maybe moving close to him so that we can both keep warm . 
 the idea makes me a bit nervous , but it 's the least i can do since i got us into this mess . 
 as my shoulders begin to tremble violently , i acknowledge that having some body heat near to mine does not sound so terrible at the moment . 
 `` liam , '' i whisper again . 
 `` are you sure you do n't want to ... '' halfway through my sentence , i realize he is asleep . 
 i can hear the change in his breathing . 
 i am saved from needing to ask an embarrassing question , and potentially getting into an even more embarrassing situation . 
 as i drift off to sleep , i imagine countless snowflakes scattered over asphalt . 
 it 's an enchanting image , and i might use it in a book someday . 
 i can also picture the glowing fingernail of god , scratching the sky fondly , the way one might caress a sleeping pet . 
 chapter 7 i must have dozed off for a few hours , when a piercing noise startles me awake . 
 for a moment , i 'm not sure where i am , or why there 's hard plastic digging into my back and making my spine ache . 
 i try to move , and find that my whole body feels frozen . 
 when i hear a man groan , and another curse , i am reminded that i am in a vehicle with two strange young doctors . 
 the high-pitched noise continues to drone on , and i realize that it is my cell phone . 
 i reach down to my backpack and fumble to unzip it with my stiff fingers . 
 the metal is cold and it makes me wince . 
 `` answer it already ! '' 
 owen says with sleepy annoyance . 
 `` i 'm trying , '' i say as i feel around for my phone . 
 when my hand finally connects with the item , it takes me a few tries to answer . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i finally say , bringing it close to my ear . 
 my voice is hoarse and my hands are so cold that they hurt . 
 when i breathe out , i can almost feel the cloud of water vapor hovering around my face . 
 there is nothing on the other end of the line . 
 `` helloooo ? '' 
 i say again . 
 the sound of soft crying filters into my ear . 
 `` carmen ? '' 
 i say with concern , sitting straight up and at alert . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 `` no . 
 no . 
 i 'm freaking out . '' 
 she takes several deep breaths , trying to calm herself down . 
 `` i 'm getting married today . 
 today . '' 
 `` just relax , '' i command in a stern , take-charge voice . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` oh , helen . 
 i 'm just so stressed out . 
 where are you ? 
 i was hoping you 'd show up last night . 
 are n't you coming ? 
 i thought you 'd be coming . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i tell her , groaning and repositioning my sore body . 
 liam has turned on the car to begin warming us up , but it has n't started working yet . 
 `` i 'm on my way to you . 
 i was living in new hampshire , so it 's a bit of a trip . '' 
 `` thank goodness , '' carmen says , and her tears abate almost immediately . 
 `` i ca n't wait to see you ! 
 how long until you get here ? '' 
 `` uh . 
 i do n't know . 
 a few hours ? '' 
 `` great ! 
 oh , i 'm so glad you 're coming home , hellie . 
 i invited a bunch of great guys that i went to school with , so maybe i can introduce them to you , and one of them can be your date ! '' 
 `` wait , what ? '' 
 i say grouchily , blinking and rubbing my eyes . 
 my vision might not work , but my eyes still feel gross after sleeping for a few hours . 
 `` a date ? 
 why do i need a date ? '' 
 `` because you 're my sister ! 
 you ca n't be single at your sister 's wedding . 
 everyone knows that . 
 we need to find a handsome man for you to wear on your arm . 
 there 's this guy , brad -- i met him in a philosophy class , but now he 's a copyright lawyer . 
 he 's very passionate about intellectual property . 
 i figured that you two might have something in common , since he sort of works with books ? '' 
 `` carmen , are you insane ? '' 
 i say angrily , clutching my head . 
 `` i do n't want to date some douchebag lawyer . 
 i 'm coming to your wedding because i care about you , not because i want to get set up with random freaks . 
 with your horrible taste in men ? 
 brad is probably a closet serial-killer . '' 
 `` no way ! 
 he 's a total sweetheart . 
 you 're going to love him . 
 in addition to being grayson 's best man , he 's also so sexy ... '' `` no , '' i say firmly . 
 `` carmen , do you hear me ? 
 i swear to god . 
 if you set me up with someone , i 'm not coming . 
 i am not in the mood for this garbage . '' 
 `` but ... helen . 
 you have to come . 
 i told daddy that you were coming , and he already bought your favorite red velvet cupcakes . '' 
 carmen sighs . 
 `` i did n't want to tell you this , but dad has n't been doing so well lately . 
 he had a minor heart attack ... '' `` a heart attack ? '' 
 i repeat dumbly . 
 remembering my mother 's death , my entire body is seized by a panic . 
 `` is he ... is he okay ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 he 's fine , but he 'll be better if you get your cute butt down here ! '' 
 i shove my forehead into the upholstery of the backseat . 
 `` carm , are you lying to manipulate me ? '' 
 `` no way , honey . 
 i 'm just reminding you of your responsibility to your family , '' carmen says innocently . 
 `` and part of that responsibility is to date brad ! '' 
 i gnash my teeth together angrily . 
 an idea suddenly strikes me . 
 it 's horrible , but it just might work . 
 i glance toward the front seats where the two doctors are sitting , and i bite my lip as a smile begins to transform my features . 
 `` no , '' liam whispers . 
 `` whatever you 're planning , do n't do it ! '' 
 i have to ignore him for the sake of self-preservation . 
 `` i have to be honest with you , carmen . 
 the reason i did n't want to date brad ... is because i have a boyfriend . 
 i 'm bringing a date to your wedding . '' 
 liam groans and owen chuckles . 
 `` you have a boyfriend ? '' 
 carmen exclaims in shock . 
 `` you ? 
 no way ! 
 little hellie has a boyfriend ? 
 i do n't believe it ! '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i did n't want to tell you because ... i wanted to surprise you , '' i lie awkwardly . 
 `` he 's ... uh ... he 's a doctor . '' 
 `` pick me , '' owen whispers . 
 `` pick me ! '' 
 i am stricken with a mental image of owen enthusiastically discussing porn with my sister and family . 
 i shudder . 
 there is also the fact that he has a girlfriend , and this makes me uncomfortable -- even for a fake date . 
 i do n't have many options . 
 `` what 's his name ? '' 
 carmen asks . 
 `` when do i get to meet him ? '' 
 i mouth the words i 'm sorry to liam before responding . 
 i hope he 's not too upset . 
 shutting my eyes tightly and making a face , i prepare to lie through my teeth . 
 `` his name is dr. liam larson . 
 he 'll be arriving with me later today . '' 
 owen immediately begins laughing , but he clamps his hands over his mouth to muffle the sound . 
 `` gosh , helen ! 
 that 's so exciting . 
 a doctor ! 
 wow ! 
 i 'm so happy for you . '' 
 carmen lets out a feminine squeal . 
 `` so tell me , is he great in bed ? '' 
 i start coughing violently . 
 i press a hand over my face to hide my embarrassment . 
 owen makes a low whistle ; he has partly climbed over the seats in order to press his face close to my phone and listen to everything that carmen is saying . 
 `` uh , yeah , '' i say awkwardly into my cell . 
 `` he 's , uh , really great in bed . 
 like , the greatest . '' 
 `` oh , brother , '' liam mutters under his breath . 
 `` how do i get myself into these things ? '' 
 `` there 's a porno that starts just like this ! '' 
 owen whispers excitedly to his friend . 
 carmen sighs happily . 
 `` this is such good news , darling ! '' 
 she says in a wavering voice . 
 `` i 'm -- i 'm sorry to have called so late . 
 i know i probably woke you up . 
 i -- i just wanted to hear your voice . 
 i 'm so glad you 're coming . 
 i have been hoping and praying to see you again for the longest time . '' 
 she begins to cry again softly . 
 `` carm ? '' 
 i say in concern . 
 `` are you sure everything 's good ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 i 'm just -- just do n't mind me . 
 you know weddings make me emotional . 
 i 'll see you soon , hellie ? 
 you and your dashing doctor ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 see you soon . '' 
 she hangs up the phone , and i do too . 
 i let my head fall into my hands for a moment , as i go over the entire conversation a few times in my mind . 
 i am left with the urge to scream at the top of my lungs , and run out into the forest , never to see these doctors again . 
 `` this is so humiliating , '' i whisper . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't know why i said that . 
 carmen just gets under my skin . '' 
 `` why did n't you pick me ? '' 
 owen said in disappointment . 
 `` liam 's more suitable , '' i explain with a groan . 
 `` he 's read my books , so he knows a little about me . 
 he can bullshit that we have some previous connection . 
 and also , he 's less likely to talk about porn . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' owen said unhappily , `` but i would have liked to be a wedding crasher . '' 
 `` is your sister okay ? '' 
 liam asks . 
 `` does she usually call you at 5 am ? '' 
 `` whoa , '' i say in surprise . 
 `` is it 5 am ? '' 
 my first thought is that something must be terribly wrong . 
 i consider this for a moment . 
 `` it 's probably just pre-wedding jitters , '' i tell the guys , trying to brush it off . 
 `` so you really want me to come with you , as your date ? '' 
 liam asks me . 
 `` yes , '' i say quietly . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 what can i do for you in return ? '' 
 `` well , since you offered , '' liam responds , `` i would like some information . '' 
 `` information ? '' 
 i ask with a frown . 
 `` yes , '' liam says . 
 `` remember all those deep , dark secrets i said i 'd extract from you ? 
 well , if you share them with us , then i 'll be your date for your sister 's wedding . '' 
 this is probably the worst thing he could have requested . 
 my mouth feels suddenly very dry . 
 `` um . 
 is n't there anything else you might want ? 
 maybe i could dedicate my next book to you ? '' 
 he laughs lightly . 
 `` you 're going to do that anyway once i get your sight back . '' 
 i rack my brain , searching for something i could give him . 
 `` i 'll have my publisher put out a press release , '' i offer , `` or maybe schedule an event , like a book launch . 
 we can publicly declare that you 're the hero who helped the semi-famous blind author winter rose to see . 
 even if it does n't work , and i ca n't see , i 'll pretend like i can , and you 'll probably get tons of research grants and stuff . '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure that you 're going to do that anyway , '' liam tells me , `` because it 's a good story that will sell books . '' 
 `` okay , '' i mumble , getting desperate . 
 `` how about i name a character after you ? '' 
 `` that would be nice , '' liam says . 
 `` i 'll take all of the above , but i 'll still need one additional thing to sweeten the pot . 
 information . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i moan in protest . 
 `` because i 'm curious , '' he answers in a good-natured way . 
 `` come on . 
 it ca n't be that bad . 
 tell me your deepest , darkest secrets . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` really ? 
 right here . 
 right now ? 
 in front of owen ? '' 
 `` yeah , why not ? '' 
 liam says cheerfully . 
 `` he 's been telling us way more than we need to know for a while . '' 
 `` i want to hear , too , '' owen chimes in . 
 `` entertain us , storyteller ! '' 
 i spend a moment gathering my composure . 
 i smooth my hands over my legs , and look around uneasily . 
 taking a deep breath , i try to mentally prepare myself for what i 'm about to say to two complete strangers . 
 `` well ... three years ago , i was raped . '' 
 a hush falls over the car . 
 i can feel the men looking at each other . 
 they obviously do n't know how to respond , and the silence is growing tense . 
 `` i guess it 's not really a big deal , '' i say lightly . 
 `` i know it happens to a lot of people . 
 i probably should n't have let it bother me as much as it did , but it was ... '' i pause in my narration , searching for the right words . 
 `` it was one of the first really awful things that had ever happened to me . 
 i guess you could say i became disillusioned with life . 
 a lot of really bad things happened three years ago . '' 
 i bite down on my lip nervously . 
 i 'm not used to talking about this , and it 's difficult to appear calm and emotionless . 
 i just want this moment to be behind me forever . 
 maybe if i can reflect in an unaffected way , i can finally move forward with my life and be brave again . 
 i look toward the window once more , and lift my hand to touch the cool glass . 
 we remain sitting in silence for a little while , before someone finally speaks . 
 `` that sucks , '' owen says unhappily . 
 `` yeah , '' i agree with a small nod . 
 `` it did suck . 
 i dropped out of school after that , because i could n't bring myself to go back . 
 i 'd had amazing grades , too . 
 i did n't tell my dad or my sister all the details , because they had enough to worry about . 
 i just said i was mugged to explain the bruises and injuries . 
 actually , the only person i really confided in was dr. howard . 
 i knew i could trust her with sensitive information ... '' i suddenly frown . 
 it occurs to me that leslie howard might have sent liam and owen to find me out of pity for my situation . 
 while this bothers me , even if it is true , it was still a thoughtful gesture . 
 i try to cast this thought out of my mind . 
 `` so , that 's my story , '' i tell the guys , trying to brush it off . 
 `` after that happened , i tried to act like things were normal , but i just could n't be around people anymore . 
 so i moved out of the city and changed my name . 
 and here we are ! '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' liam says in a low voice . 
 his breathing is ragged , as though his chest might be shaking with bottled rage . 
 `` i wish that had n't happened to you . '' 
 i am a little surprised by his tone . 
 he sounds like he cares , and might actually be really upset on my behalf . 
 `` maybe it was for the best , '' i muse , to myself more than the men . 
 `` maybe it ended up pushing my life in the right direction . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 liam asks sharply . 
 `` how could this be the right direction ? '' 
 `` well , '' i say gently . 
 `` i had been working on a manuscript in my free time , but i was so busy with school that i probably would have never finished it . 
 even if i did , i would n't have had the time to look for a publisher . 
 i probably would have kept pursuing my education until i was a doctor like you guys . 
 but after that happened to me ... '' i laugh lightly at the situation . 
 `` there was nothing i could do except for writing ! 
 i could n't leave the house due to crippling social anxiety . 
 i could n't even get out of bed for a while . 
 writing was the only job where i did n't need enough energy to get dressed and face the world . 
 i only had to face what was inside myself . '' 
 i hesitate . 
 `` this might sound silly , but it 's like the universe wanted me to write . 
 so it stripped me of my ability to do anything else . 
 i wish it could have been a little less harsh with its methods , but what can you expect ? 
 it 's the universe . '' 
 `` that was n't the universe , '' liam says with a growl . 
 `` that was some fucking worthless jackass ... '' `` shut up , '' owen whispers to his friend angrily . 
 `` stop talking about it , or you 'll make it worse ! '' 
 `` how can i make it worse ? '' 
 liam asks , also in a whisper . 
 `` it 's pretty damn bad already . '' 
 owen makes a noise of frustration . 
 `` dude , why 'd you have to go and ask her about her secrets ? 
 now you 've made things all uncomfortable . 
 we still have a few hours left of driving . 
 now i 'm nervous and i do n't know what to say to lighten the mood . 
 why 'd you have to be so inappropriate and personal ? '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 liam whispers to his friend angrily . 
 `` you 're the one who talked about graphic porn for almost four hours . 
 to a girl who 's been raped . 
 did you ever think that maybe the last thing she might want to hear about is kinky sex ? '' 
 `` you both fail at whispering , '' i inform them . 
 i hear them hanging their heads like sad puppies . 
 `` guys , it 's cool , '' i tell them , lifting my hands in a gesture meant to tell them to calm down . 
 `` i 'm over it , really . '' 
 `` you do n't seem to be over it , '' liam said skeptically . 
 something seemed to click in his brain as his voice changed . 
 `` oh . 
 that 's why you kept flinching and getting upset when i tried to guide you earlier ... '' `` yeah , so i have a few lingering issues , '' i admit . 
 `` it 's not a big deal . 
 i 've mostly sorted it out . '' 
 `` mostly sorted it out ? '' 
 liam demands . 
 `` mostly ? '' 
 i send him a curt nod . 
 `` i 'm here , are n't i ? 
 i 'm taking a chance and going on a road trip with two men i just met . '' 
 `` but you need counseling , '' liam said with concern . 
 `` i gave myself counseling , '' i explain . 
 `` you see , at first , i blamed my disability . 
 i thought it was because i could n't see , that someone would take advantage of me like that . 
 i thought that it was a weakness ; a vulnerability . 
 i thought i was n't fit enough for society . 
 but i did some reading on the subject , and now i realize that ... it happens to lots of people . 
 it was just a random crime . 
 lots of people commit random crimes , and target people who are weaker than they are . 
 lots of people like to inflict harm on others , especially if the others seem like easy targets . '' 
 i give the men a sad little smile . 
 `` so , that 's why i generally try to avoid people . 
 it 's safer . '' 
 `` that 's really sad , '' owen says in a depressed tone . 
 `` i do n't mind being alone , '' i tell him . 
 `` writers need their solitude anyway . 
 i think it suits me . '' 
 `` helen ? '' 
 liam asks softly . 
 `` do n't let a few bad apples ruin all of humanity for you . 
 most of us are good . 
 most of us genuinely care for others , and do n't get pleasure out of hurting those who seem fragile and down on their luck . 
 in fact -- some of us thrive on healing others . 
 some of us will go out of our way to try to help someone we 've never met . 
 i hope you 'll see that soon . 
 i hope you 'll see everything soon . '' 
 i send a smile in the direction of the doctor in the driver 's seat . 
 he says such sweet things , and it 's starting to get under my skin more than a little . 
 `` maybe i will , '' i say in a flirtatious tone , `` but for now , let 's focus on getting our story straight . 
 i hope you own a tux . 
 how long have we been dating , honey pants ? '' 
 `` long enough for you to know that i do n't like being called ` honey pants , '' ' liam answers in dismay . 
 `` what do you prefer ? 
 sweet cheeks ? 
 stud muffin ? 
 cuddly bear ? '' 
 i ask teasingly . 
 `` help me out , owen . 
 i ca n't see what he look like . '' 
 `` hmm , '' owen says thoughtfully . 
 `` how about ` handsome tiger ' ? '' 
 `` you think i look like a handsome tiger ? '' 
 liam asks his friend , and it 's obvious that he 's flattered . 
 i burst out laughing . 
 `` i think you two have some deep , dark secrets you need to discuss . 
 now i know what we 're going to talk about for the rest of the drive . 
 owen , do you find liam attractive ? '' 
 `` well , he has these intense hazel eyes , '' owen explains , `` and when he gets angry , he does sort of resemble a tiger about to pounce . '' 
 `` wow ! 
 that 's really nice of you to say , man , '' liam says . 
 he puts the car in gear and begins to drive out of the rest stop . 
 `` i 'm touched . '' 
 `` this reminds me , '' i tell the men , leaning forward , `` of a gay erotica story i read once . 
 it started exactly like this , with two close friends and colleagues exchanging a casual compliment that turned into more ... '' `` i do n't want to hear that story , '' owen said sharply , cutting me off . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i say , feigning hurt . 
 `` but you shared all your stories ! 
 that is n't fair . 
 do n't you want to hear the tale of two athletes , training late one day at the gym ? 
 one of them catches sight of his buddy in the showers ... '' `` dammit , '' liam says . 
 `` this is going to be a long trip . '' 
 `` maybe i should n't have been talking about porn so much , '' owen says , wincing . 
 i smile and proceed to torture them with my words . 
 if my words are the only power i have , i intend to use them well . 
 chapter 8 `` this ca n't be right , '' liam said in disbelief . 
 `` helen , i think you gave me the wrong address . '' 
 `` no . 
 this should be the right house , '' i tell him with embarrassment . 
 `` jesus . 
 this is where you grew up ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say shamefully . 
 people often have this sort of reaction upon viewing my childhood home . 
 i hear the men staring at the house in silence . 
 groaning , i unbuckle my seatbelt and fiddle with the handle of my backpack . 
 i know that i should leave them and go inside , but i 'm a bit apprehensive about the reunion with carmen and my father . 
 `` how many rooms are in that thing ? '' 
 owen asked with a gulp . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i say with a shrug . 
 `` fifteen ? '' 
 `` fifteen , '' liam repeats . 
 `` fifteen ! '' 
 `` something like that , '' i mumble . 
 `` why the hell were you living in a tiny cabin out in the middle of nowhere when you come from money like this ? '' 
 owen asks . 
 `` money is n't everything , '' i respond glumly . 
 `` she 's crazy , '' owen tells liam , `` batshit crazy ! 
 but it 's okay to date a crazy chick if she 's rich and pretty . '' 
 `` it 's just a fake date for the wedding , man , '' liam said in protest . 
 `` stop taking it so seriously . '' 
 `` but now you have to make it serious , '' owen told his friend earnestly . 
 `` you need to seduce her , so you can move into this house and i can come visit you . 
 we could shoot pool . 
 i bet there 's a billiards table in there ! '' 
 `` i 'm not going to seduce helen just so that we can play billiards in her fancy house , '' liam tells his friend sternly . 
 then he hesitates . 
 `` but i might do it for the tennis court and indoor swimming pool ... '' `` indeed , '' says owen . 
 `` think of all the fun we could have ! 
 maybe you could just quit your job and mooch off her . '' 
 `` there are a few television shows i wish i had time to watch , '' liam says thoughtfully . 
 `` guys , '' i say with mock annoyance . 
 `` i 'm right here . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 forgot all about you , little lady ! '' 
 owen said exuberantly . 
 `` i 'm too distracted by this big , shiny mansion . 
 look at those skylights ! 
 and the balconies ! '' 
 `` even the trees ! 
 even the shrubbery ! '' 
 liam declares . 
 `` owen , have you ever seen such perfect , nicely shaped bushes ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 have n't i been talking about porn for hours ? 
 i thought i mentioned those ! '' 
 i chuckle to myself softly . 
 `` okay , boys . 
 calm down . 
 it 's just a house . 
 you know , those things people live in ? 
 it 's not really that special . '' 
 `` just a house ! 
 just a house ! '' 
 owen repeats . 
 `` are you blind ? 
 oh -- wait . 
 sorry , it 's just a phrase . 
 i meant , like -- metaphorically blind . '' 
 i make a face at his lackluster attempt at humor . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i fiddle with my backpack some more , trying to think of something to say to stall leaving the car . 
 `` i just ... '' `` what 's wrong , helen ? '' 
 liam asks . 
 blinking , i shake my head . 
 `` i have a bad feeling , '' i murmur , feeling stupid as the words leave my mouth . 
 `` of course you feel bad , '' owen responds . 
 `` you feel bad that you 're a loaded super-millionaire while your new friends are just poor , struggling doctors who ca n't even afford a one-bedroom apartment because of their astronomical student loans . 
 you feel bad and want to share the wealth , do n't you ? '' 
 liam clears his throat . 
 `` maybe if you had focused a little more in school , you could have gotten some scholar ... '' `` no ! '' 
 owen shouts , plugging his ears . 
 `` how dare you speak that word in my presence ? '' 
 `` what word ? '' 
 liam asks with a chuckle . 
 he raises his voice purposefully . 
 `` scholarships ? '' 
 owen lets out a mournful wail . 
 `` nooo ! 
 shut up , liam . 
 no one wants to hear about you and your stinking scholarships . '' 
 liam turns to me with a chuckle . 
 `` i believe someone watched too much porn when he should have been studying . '' 
 `` if they 're playing doctor , it counts as studying , '' owen said defensively . 
 my cheeks are hurting from smiling . 
 these two men have kept me entertained with their outrageous banter almost consistently since we left my cabin . 
 i have n't smiled this much in as long as i can remember . 
 but i know that once i step through the front door of my old house , my smile will disappear . 
 i remember how the atmosphere hung heavy with death and despair , so thick that i could barely breathe . 
 it was my father 's grief ; he carried it around with him in a dark cloud that poisoned everything . 
 maybe things will be different now ? 
 maybe now that carmen is getting married , we can finally be positive and look to the future ? 
 `` are you going to go home , helen ? '' 
 liam asks me . 
 `` did n't your sister need you ? '' 
 i fold my hands together in my lap and press them together tightly . 
 `` they 're going to be angry with me for leaving , '' i mumble . 
 `` do you want to drive around for a few more minutes and gather the courage to go inside ? '' 
 `` no , i should be strong and stop delaying this , '' i say with resolve . 
 i am tempted by liam 's offer . 
 i would love nothing more than to spend just a little more time relaxing with the guys and making ridiculous jokes . 
 i have only just met them , but they feel like old friends . 
 however , i did manipulate the poor boys into driving me all this way . 
 i ca n't back out now . 
 `` it ca n't be that bad , '' i say , trying to reassure myself . 
 `` i 'm sure things are different than when i left . '' 
 `` give me your phone , '' liam requests . 
 i reach beside me to owen 's leather seats , and feel around for a moment before grasping my cell . 
 i extend the small device toward liam . 
 he takes it from my hand , and immediately begins pressing buttons . 
 `` i 'm putting my number in here so you can tell me the details of the wedding , '' he explains . 
 `` you can call or text to let me know when and where i should meet you later today . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i tell him quietly , accepting the return of my phone . 
 `` you can also let him know if your house happens to be infested with giant mutant cockroaches , '' owen says with a chuckle , `` and he can come to your rescue . 
 seriously , helen . 
 from the look on your face , you 'd think you were heading into an alien war-zone . '' 
 `` that 's exactly the way i feel , '' i say with a grimace . 
 i sling my backpack over my shoulder and run my hands over the car door , looking for the handle . 
 `` thanks for driving me , guys . 
 it was really nice of you . '' 
 `` well , we made a bargain that helps our careers ! '' 
 liam says in a positive tone . 
 `` it 's a win-win situation . '' 
 finally managing to unlatch the car door , i place one foot outside on the ground . 
 `` it was great meeting you , owen . 
 thanks for educating me on the wonders of porn . '' 
 `` once we get your vision working , i 'll have to make popcorn and schedule a movie night , '' owen says gravely . 
 `` it will blow your mind . '' 
 `` i ca n't wait , '' i say , half-sarcastically and half-enthusiastically . 
 yes -- being able to see anything at all would be a blessing ; even porn . 
 the popcorn does n't sound terrible either , i realize , as my stomach growls eagerly at the idea . 
 my mouth begins to water in yearning for the fluffy , buttery kernels . 
 it is my appetite that finally motivates me to step out of the car ; even if there is nothing pleasant or welcoming in that house , at the very least , there will be a delicious meal waiting for me . 
 not protein shakes , granola bars , popsicles , or potato chips . 
 real food . 
 a smile finally comes to my lips . 
 `` well , i guess it 's time to go in there and face the music ! 
 will you pop the trunk , liam ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 let me come out and help you , '' he says . 
 `` no , no . 
 i 'll be fine , '' i assure him as i walk around to the back of the car . 
 i place my hand on the trunk of the car to lift the lid , but i feel another hand rest lightly on top of mine . 
 i am momentarily startled , but i do not pull away this time . 
 i have grown more comfortable around liam in the past few hours of chatting . 
 `` allow me , '' he says gently , as he removes my hand from the car . 
 `` i insist . '' 
 a feeling of warmth flushes my neck as i feel his thumb brush against the palm of my hand . 
 his touch is gone as soon as it came , and i hear him lifting the heavy suitcase onto the ground . 
 the sound of the metal sliding against metal is heard as he extends the handle , followed by a loud click . 
 `` i 'll walk you to the door , '' he says . 
 reaching out , i firmly take the suitcase from his hands . 
 `` you 've been a real gentleman , liam , but i can take it from here . 
 if my sister sees you , she 's going to attack you with all sorts of questions . 
 you should probably go home and get some rest . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 i do n't mind a few questions ... '' `` liam , there 's something worse than mutant cockroaches in that house , '' i warn him ominously . 
 `` there 's a fearsome creature that no man can ever hope to vanquish : the neurotic bridezilla . '' 
 he laughs lightly . 
 `` do you think you can survive her reign of terror ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i say softly . 
 `` it 's only one day . 
 i owe her this much , at least -- especially after abandoning her for so long ... '' `` do n't feel guilty for that , '' he assures me . 
 `` it sounds to me like you needed to get away for your sanity and your career . 
 sometimes , the best thing you can do for another person is to leave . 
 you need to take care of yourself before you can hope to take care of anyone else -- you have to shake off all the negativity that 's smothering you so that you do n't drag others down . '' 
 `` but i do n't know if i 'm at that place yet , '' i confess . 
 `` this is so sudden . 
 i was uprooted from my home before i really got a chance to decide that i was ready . 
 i do n't know if i can handle this -- being in the city again . 
 the air smells different , and it 's so loud -- even all the way out here in the suburbs . '' 
 `` just take it slow , '' he says . 
 `` take it one day at a time . 
 if you hate it here , you can always go back . 
 i 'll drive you myself , if you need a ride . '' 
 `` everything 's a mess , '' i mumble . 
 `` i do n't know where to begin . 
 how do i repair the relationships i ruined ? '' 
 `` just try , '' he tells me . 
 `` all you can really do is try . '' 
 although his words are simple , i feel a little bolder . 
 i realize that i am having trouble ripping myself away from him . 
 kicking the bottom of my suitcase while tugging the handle toward me , i set the heavy luggage at an angle that is easier to roll along the cobblestoned path to my front door . 
 `` thanks , '' i call over my shoulder , as i begin to walk away . 
 `` i 'll see you later . '' 
 `` good luck ! '' 
 he shouts after me . 
 `` liam 's really easy when he 's drunk ! '' 
 owen yells from the car . 
 `` just wear something nice , and make sure he has a few drinks later -- you 'll definitely get lucky . '' 
 i make a face and shake my head as i march along the path to my front door . 
 the wheels of my suitcase rattle and jangle against the cobblestones with a rhythmic drumbeat . 
 it makes the perfect soundtrack for my impending doom . 
 i hear the sound of rushing water to my left , and i am surprised that the fountain in our front yard is running in the winter . 
 it must be because we have family from out of town staying at the house for the wedding . 
 this thought makes me even more anxious . 
 i have never fared well in large crowds . 
 when i feel the ground become smoother beneath my feet , and my suitcase becomes quieter , i know that i am walking on the concrete closer to the stairs . 
 i slow down my walking a little , and slide my feet along the ground tentatively until my toes collide with the stairs . 
 it occurs to me that i have n't heard liam and owen drive away , so i try to be as graceful as possible when i reach down to lift my suitcase , and drag it up the stairs . 
 i count the five steps up to our porch , and place my suitcase down on the flat ground . 
 i suppose the men are waiting to see me enter the house before leaving , and i turn to send a wave in the direction from which i came . 
 if they are n't waiting , or even paying attention , this might look silly -- waving at nothing like a fool . 
 however , i would rather risk looking like an idiot than seeming impolite or ungrateful in this moment . 
 i hear an engine start , and the sound of the car pulling away . 
 i breathe a sigh of relief . 
 it looks like i was waving closely enough in the right direction , and they were actually still waiting for me . 
 it 's so hard to follow social protocol when you have no idea what 's going on around you . 
 so many assumptions need to be made . 
 turning back to the front door , i move forward with a hand outstretched . 
 beneath my boots , i can feel the fabric of the large welcome mat . 
 when my fingers collide with the stylish beveled glass panel set within in the door , i feel the contours in the design for a moment . 
 compared to my tiny cabin , this house really was filled with a gorgeous tactile landscape . 
 my mother made a point of making sure that the décor was not only aesthetically pleasing to the eyes of our sighted family members , but also pleasing to my senses . 
 i am surprised when the door shifts under my hand ; i am able to push it open without much effort . 
 without any warning , a divine scent assails my nostrils . 
 releasing my suitcase , i walk into the foyer in wonder . 
 i close my eyes and breathe deeply , turning my body around slowly in a 360 degree spin . 
 flowers . 
 i can imagine the softness of the petals and the glorious colors , in tender pastels or vibrant , rich reds . 
 i have no idea what these words mean , but if the flowers look anything close to the way they smell , they must be unbelievably enchanting . 
 i breathe in again , sifting through all the different aromas in the room ; i feel like i am pulling apart a piece of fabric and examining each thread . 
 i can just make out the delicate , intoxicating fragrance of jasmine , along with the spicy sweetness of gardenia . 
 finally , an unmistakable musky aroma ; the dizzying and deeply refreshing aroma of roses . 
 the perfumed air invades my sinuses and lungs , filling me with memories . 
 i recall springtime picnics in the grass , and my mother holding my hand as we walk barefoot through a gurgling brook . 
 i remember my sister laughing and dumping dozens of fresh , velvety blossoms into my arms . 
 i remember pressing my face into the cool softness of the petals , and feeling happy to be alive . 
 when i was younger , i would rub my fingers over the dresses in my closet , trying to feel the difference in their color . 
 i hoped that there was some kind of special energy in each color that i could grow to sense , if i tried hard enough . 
 but flowers are different -- they are alive ! 
 they are exuberant to the touch , and they sing loudly to boast of their beauty ; you ca n't not see the flowers in your mind when you smell them . 
 i hungrily inhale the fragrant air , trying to drink in the memories and squeeze every last drop of beauty out of this aroma . 
 it 's completely overpowering , and i stand there in the middle of the foyer , looking around in a daze . 
 have i really stepped into my old house , or did that doorway lead into a different dimension ? 
 it has been years since i have encountered a remotely nice smell . 
 i have been content with merely agreeable aromas . 
 but to be immersed in such hypnotic and mesmerizing natural perfumes , all mingling together in the perfect combination for my palate ! 
 it 's almost unbearable . 
 i almost want to cry at the loveliness of this moment . 
 i wish i had invited liam and owen in to see -- but at the same time , i 'm glad i did not . 
 the fragrance is so uplifting that it 's almost spiritual , and i would not want them to make fun of me ; not in this moment . 
 i would n't want anything to taint my enjoyment of the lush blossoms . 
 i am almost trembling with gratitude for this moment alone with the posies . 
 i feel like it was designed as a special gift , just for me . 
 i stand in meditative silence for a few seconds , just breathing . 
 i savor every breath . 
 when i am finally able to form coherent and practical thoughts , i realize that these must be decorations for the wedding . 
 carmen must have chosen to get married at home ! 
 this idea is both comforting and nerve-wracking . 
 i am happy that the big event will take place in an environment that i know like the back of my hand ; i wo n't need to rely on anyone , for i could never forget the precise number of stairs in every staircase , or the angles of every twist and turn of every passageway . 
 `` meredith ? '' 
 says a man 's voice questioningly . 
 i was so distracted by the flowers that i had not noticed the quiet footsteps of house slippers on hardwood . 
 i turn toward the source of the sound , and i find myself facing the direction of the library . 
 my father 's favorite room . 
 my father 's voice . 
 i feel my chest swell with nostalgia and tenderness . 
 i remember the diligent man who was always up at the crack of dawn , working dutifully in that library before any of us had even considered getting out of bed . 
 i remember him reading the best articles in the newspaper to me each morning over breakfast -- and sometimes the comics , to cheer me up when i was down . 
 my heart leaps a little , in hope that this could be a normal , happy morning . 
 like the way things used to be . 
 i have a delayed realization that he has called me by my mother 's name . 
 i swallow before speaking , to make sure that the emotion is cleared from my voice . 
 `` no , dad . 
 it 's me . '' 
 `` helen ? '' 
 he says softly . 
 `` heavens , child . 
 i could have sworn you were your mother 's ghost . 
 you look just like she did on the day i met her . '' 
 i struggle to fight back tears . 
 `` did n't carmen tell you i was coming ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i have n't been able to sleep since she mentioned it to me , '' he admits . 
 `` but i have also been expecting your mother 's ghost to show up for the big day , so i hope you 'll forgive me for mixing up our party guests . '' 
 even through my sadness , he is able to coax a smile from me . 
 he seems better than when i left -- still wistful and brokenhearted , but in higher spirits . 
 `` i missed you , dad , '' i whisper , and this time the emotion does cause my voice to break . 
 `` i missed you too , sweetheart . '' 
 his gentle gait is almost noiseless as he crosses the room toward me . 
 he places two big , warm hands on each of my shoulders . 
 `` let me look at you . 
 my little helen ! 
 you 're all grown up . '' 
 i nod , lowering my chin to look at the ground . 
 `` dad , i 'm sorry that i left ... '' `` none of that , '' he tells me kindly . 
 `` you were unhappy , and your happiness is the most important thing in the world to me . 
 now stop moping and let your old man give you a hug . '' 
 i do n't need to be offered twice . 
 i dive forward , burying my face against his shoulder . 
 his arms encircle me , and for the first time in years , i truly feel like i have a home . 
 i smell his familiar fatherly cologne , mingling with the flowers all around us . 
 i am filled with such a deep joy , that i am almost sure i must be daydreaming . 
 `` are you going to stay with us , helen ? '' 
 he asks me in a quiet voice . 
 a pang of sorrow strikes my heart , and i remember how miserable and melancholy he was when i left home . 
 i suddenly realize that the man i am hugging does not feel anything like the man my father used to be . 
 his frame is skeletal and gaunt . 
 his arms and shoulders are no longer large and firm with muscle , but wiry with bone . 
 his skin is paper-thin , stretched over his bones like saran wrap . 
 i am stricken with the knowledge that i could lose him , just like i lost my mother . 
 carmen mentioned that he had suffered a heart attack . 
 has she been taking care of him ? 
 the big house suddenly feels very lonely . 
 i realize that my father has no one . 
 even if carmen has n't been neglecting him , now that she is getting married , dad will be even less of a priority to her . 
 he needs me . 
 `` i would like to stay , '' i tell him softly . 
 `` that is -- if you 're not too upset at me . 
 if you want me to stay . '' 
 `` of course , i do ! '' 
 he says , tightening the hug . 
 `` who else is going to keep your sister from driving me mad ? '' 
 i smile . 
 a pair of timid footsteps distract me , and i pull away from him and look in their direction . 
 `` carmen ? '' 
 i say with anticipation , but i know that the footsteps sound nothing like my sister 's . 
 `` no , no , '' my father says . 
 `` that 's our new housekeeper , natalia . 
 she 's here to help out with the wedding . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say in disappointment , realizing that i am actually eager to see my sister . 
 `` hello , natalia . '' 
 `` good morning , miss , '' says the housekeeper . 
 `` this is helen , my youngest daughter , '' my father says , introducing me with a hand on my back . 
 `` she 's a writer . 
 she is blind , but do n't let that fool you -- she 's the smartest person in the family , and she will give you much less trouble than carmen . '' 
 i hear the tone of pride in his voice , and i am pleasantly surprised . 
 this homecoming has been a lot less painful than i expected . 
 `` natalia , will you please take helen 's suitcase up to her room and unpack for her ? '' 
 my father requests . 
 `` i want to have breakfast with my daughter and catch up on the last few years . '' 
 `` sure thing , mr. winters ! '' 
 says the housekeeper . 
 `` it was nice meeting you , helen . '' 
 i nod , following her footsteps with my eyes . 
 i turn back to my father . 
 `` so , where 's carmen ? '' 
 my father laughs , a deep-throated rumble . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on with that girl . 
 she 's probably just hung over from drinking too much last night at her bachelorette party . 
 i guess it 's just you and me , kiddo . '' 
 i frown at this news . 
 when carmen called at 5 am , she did not sound drunk or hung over to me . 
 but it would explain her crying and sharp mood swings . 
 i shrug , and decide to question her later about the strange behavior . 
 `` i went to the bakery last night and got some delicious red velvet cupcakes for you , '' my father says . 
 `` will you join me for a completely unhealthy , sugary breakfast ? '' 
 my mouth begins to water , and my legs begin moving toward the kitchen . 
 `` heck , yes ! '' 
 i am still wearing my winter coat and boots , but i do n't even care . 
 i want those cupcakes . 
 chapter 9 i ate five cupcakes . 
 really . 
 five cupcakes . 
 i do n't even regret it . 
 they were so scrumptious and delectable that i could have died , right there in the kitchen . 
 death by cupcake . 
 i could have just keeled over in a seizure of red-velvet-induced bliss . 
 they were , hands down , the best cupcakes in the world . 
 the best substance , period , that i have ever tasted in my life . 
 i did n't even try to be polite . 
 no , i shoved my fingers in there , getting them all sticky and covered with icing . 
 i shed my jacket and kicked off my boots to curl up in one of our upholstered kitchen chairs as i gorged . 
 i stuffed my mouth full to the brim and closed my eyes and chewed very , very slowly . 
 it was heavenly . 
 it was like a celestial encounter with dozens of tiny deities , tap-dancing on my tongue . 
 my father has been sharing various details of events i 've missed over the years , and i 'm trying my best to pay attention to him and not to the perfection on my taste buds . 
 it 's hard . 
 most of the conversation does not require my full attention , but i pause and grow worried when he begins discussing our financial situation . 
 for a moment , i am regretfully distracted from my hedonistic joy as i listen to the story of how he lost his job at the pharmaceutical company shortly after my mother 's death . 
 combined with the market crash , our finances were in a sorry state . 
 he had needed to take out a mortgage on the house , which had previously been paid off in full . 
 he complains that he has been incredibly dejected by the looming feeling of moving backward instead of forward . 
 i nod attentively as i chow down ravenously on the cupcakes . 
 `` but things are looking up , '' he says firmly . 
 `` i owe it largely to your sister 's fiancé , grayson . 
 he 's a smart boy , with a good head on his shoulders . 
 he 's given me some really good investing advice , and it looks like we wo n't need to sell the house after all . '' 
 `` so you approve of this guy ? 
 he 's decent , this grayson ? '' 
 i ask , nibbling the icing off the sixth cupcake . 
 the sweetness is finally starting to overwhelm me , and my chewing begins to slow . 
 i inwardly bemoan that i must be approaching my ultimate cupcake-capacity . 
 `` he 's wonderful , '' my father says with a solemn gravity . 
 `` i am so thankful , every single day , that he came into carmen 's life . 
 and my life , too . 
 he 's been a blessing . 
 he 's been a true gentleman to your sister -- he 's been the son i never had . 
 i am sure that he will also be an excellent brother-in-law to you . 
 i ca n't wait for you to meet him . '' 
 i finish off my cupcake , and sigh in contentment . 
 this news is inspiring . 
 since i returned home , i have been greeted with breathtaking smells , tastes , and heartwarming news . 
 what more could anyone ask for in life ? 
 my thoughts return to liam . 
 i feel so grateful that he convinced me to participate in his research and helped me get back home in time for the wedding . 
 i ca n't even remember what i was so terrified about . 
 this is so wonderful . 
 i should have come home ages ago ! 
 i can already tell that today is going to be amazing . 
 and i ca n't wait to see liam again . 
 something inside my chest flutters a little at the thought , and i feel silly for being so excited . 
 however , it is out of my control now . 
 he said one too many nice things , and i grew just a little too attached to him over the few hours we spent together . 
 while i can strictly enforce my thoughts to be logical and sensible , i can not keep the girlish giddiness out of my emotions . 
 i blame my childhood home , and the stupid flowers and cupcakes for reverting me to my former optimistic and dreamy state . 
 my mind begins to wander , but i quickly quell the fantasies and remind myself that it 's only a fake date . 
 he 's going to be my doctor , for god 's sake . 
 nothing can happen there . 
 but hearing about carmen 's happily ever after is making me crave my own . 
 at the very least , maybe sometime in the non-too-distant future , i could be brave enough to try ... my father chuckles . 
 `` if you 're finished binge-eating those cupcakes , darling , i 'd love to hear about what you 've been up to these past few years . '' 
 as i gulp down the last bite , it occurs to me that he might be the perfect person to consult about the clinical trial that could return my vision . 
 my father has always known everything about everything . 
 i part my lips , intending to spill my guts and divulge the dilemma that has been bothering me , but then i surprise myself by clamping my mouth shut again . 
 i do n't want to hear the downsides . 
 i do n't want to be cautioned . 
 i do n't want to give anyone a chance to talk me out of this . 
 i want to hope for the best , even if it 's illogical . 
 for the first time in forever , i want to have faith in something . 
 i want to have faith in someone . 
 searching my mind for something less sensitive to discuss , i think of my career . 
 `` i 've written a few more books since i left home , '' i tell him instead . 
 `` nothing special , just some thrillers . 
 conspiracies , spies , revenge , action . 
 that sort of thing . '' 
 `` that 's really wonderful , sweetheart . 
 you 'll have to let me read them later . '' 
 `` i do n't think you 'd like them , dad , '' i say with embarrassment , feeling the heat of a blush in my cheeks . 
 `` they 're sometimes kind of cheesy , and not that intelligent . '' 
 `` you 're just being modest , '' he accuses . 
 there is a brief , but heavy pause . 
 `` who have you been staying with all this time ? 
 why could n't you come to visit ? 
 is there a boy ? '' 
 i am a little upset by these questions . 
 i wipe my fingers on a napkin , taking a moment to compose myself before responding . 
 of course , due to my blindness , he assumes i needed to live with someone so that they could help me on a day-to-day basis . 
 yes , i am more than a little miffed . 
 `` i was living by myself in new hampshire , '' i respond quietly . 
 `` i bought a small cabin in the mountains , far away from society . 
 i have been living on protein shakes and granola bars , so i have n't really eaten anything tasty in years . 
 that 's why i went nuts on the cupcakes . '' 
 `` good gracious , child . 
 why would you do subject yourself to such a life ? '' 
 he asks in horror . 
 i shrug awkwardly . 
 `` i guess it was what i needed . 
 it was a restorative little reprieve ; very nun-like and ascetic . 
 also , very good for writing . '' 
 `` you 've always been an odd little bird , '' my father says fondly . 
 the old nickname brings a smile to my lips . 
 it erases my previous annoyance . 
 i have always adored my father , even if he often considers me to be mortally weak and incapable of basic tasks . 
 i suppose that parents will always see their children as infants and invalids , regardless of whether they possess any glaring disabilities . 
 my father 's phone receives a text message , and i hear him pull it from his pocket . 
 `` this is going to be a very busy day , '' he tells me as he responds to the text . 
 `` the ceremony wo n't start until 4 pm , but we need to do plenty of preparation beforehand . 
 guests will be arriving all day . 
 the groom and his family will be arriving around noon . 
 we had the florists come over early this morning , and the caterers are going to start making their deliveries . '' 
 he laughs to himself . 
 `` i should keep you away from carmen 's wedding cake ! 
 you might scarf the whole thing down before the guests even get a chance to look at it . '' 
 `` i think i wo n't be able to eat a bite of cake , '' i say , holding my stomach . 
 `` i 'm all caked-out for at least a decade . '' 
 `` i have no idea where you put it all , '' my father says in wonder . 
 he receives another text message , and clears his throat . 
 `` you should probably go and wake your sister up , '' he encourages me . 
 `` please help her out with anything she needs today -- she can be quite the fussy bride . 
 but i 'm sure she 'll be overjoyed to see you . '' 
 `` sure , dad . 
 i 'll try to keep her calm and stop her from stressing out , '' i say , rising to my feet . 
 `` wonderful , darling . 
 i have no idea how we got along without you . '' 
 when he moves out of the room , i move in the opposite direction , heading for the staircase that leads up to carmen 's room . 
 i do not even bother counting the stairs , or using the banister as a guide . 
 i just let my muscle memory carry me up the stairs , and automatically stop me when i 've reached the landing . 
 i am impressed at how flawless my spatial memory is . 
 even if i 'm not conscious of this knowledge , it resides deep in my brain , along with dozens of other secrets that i hope will surface as i need them . 
 it 's reassuring to know that my brain is far smarter than i am . 
 i stroll down the hallway toward carmen 's bedroom . 
 it 's adjacent to my old room ; while we were growing up , i probably spent more time in her room than my own . 
 i used to idolize my older sister , and try to be like her in every way possible . 
 she was my hero and mentor for the longest while . 
 i 'm not sure exactly at what point we discovered that i was actually the more mature one . 
 we were probably teenagers before it happened , but somehow , our dynamic changed . 
 she began to rely on me . 
 guilt floods my chest . 
 she relied on me . 
 and i left . 
 i push these crippling thoughts away as i knock on her bedroom door . 
 `` carm ? '' 
 there is no response . 
 i open the door and walk inside , but i do not hear her breathing coming from the bed . 
 i move over to the empty bed and place my hands down on the unkempt sheets . 
 it 's still warm . 
 a muffled sound nearby startles me . 
 `` carm ? '' 
 i say again , turning around and listening closely for the direction of the sound . 
 when there is no response yet again , i begin to grow annoyed . 
 `` carmen ! '' 
 i call out . 
 `` we 're too old for hide and seek . 
 also , you always had an unfair advantage with the seeking part . '' 
 the muffled sound grows louder . 
 it sounds like something between a cough and a cry . 
 i move toward its source , and find myself at the door to carmen 's bathroom . 
 i knock again , politely . 
 there is a silence , and some heavy breathing , followed by more strange noises . 
 `` carmen , what 's going on ? '' 
 i demand . 
 when i hear the guttural , incoherent vocalizations once more , i begin to feel afraid . 
 i push open the bathroom door . 
 the sound becomes clearer instantly , and i grow aware of the fact that carmen is on the ground near the toilet , and vomiting into the bowl . 
 i stare in surprise for a moment , before moving forward and placing my hand on her back . 
 `` carm ? '' 
 i say with concern . 
 she continues retching for a moment before sighing and resting her face tiredly on the toilet . 
 i know this , because i hear her metal earring clink against the ceramic bowl . 
 `` hi , '' carmen says weakly . 
 `` i swear -- this is n't what it looks like . '' 
 chapter 10 `` and what does it look like ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` it looks like i 'm a psycho with bulimia and i 'm trying to ensure that there 's nothing in my body so i do n't look fat in my wedding dress , '' carmen says . 
 `` but really , i just drank wayyyy too much last night . 
 the girls were just forcing me to take shots , left , right , and center . 
 it was out of control . 
 i 'm never going to touch tequila again . 
 ever . '' 
 i lift my eyebrows . 
 `` i see that you 're still the same old lovable , responsible carmen . '' 
 `` shut up , '' she grumbles . 
 `` it 's not fair . 
 if you were around more often , you 'd see my better moments . 
 you 'd see the highlights . 
 you 'd see that i 've changed a lot and grown up . 
 but the first time you see me in years , you happen to walk in on me while i 'm on my knees and -- '' she trails off as her body begins to shudder again . 
 she wraps her arms around the toilet bowl and begins to retch violently . 
 with a frown , i crouch down to sit on the floor beside her . 
 i rub my hand over her back soothingly . 
 i can feel that she is wearing a tiny silk nightgown , and i worry that she must be freezing with her bare skin pressed against the cold bathroom tiles . 
 when she finishes voiding the contents of her stomach , i try to think of something witty to say to distract her . 
 `` many women spend their whole lives dreaming about their perfect wedding day , '' i tell her . 
 `` personally , i think yours is off to an excellent start . '' 
 `` you jerk , '' carmen says , hitting me in the arm . 
 `` thanks for being a bucket of sunshine ! '' 
 she pauses , and her playfulness disappears completely as her voice grows dark and quiet . 
 `` why did i even invite you to come here ? 
 it 's not like you care . 
 it 's not like you want to be here . 
 why would you ? 
 you 're so superior to us , and you do n't need anyone . 
 i bet you enjoy sitting there and patronizing me . '' 
 `` hey , '' i say softly . 
 `` that is n't true . 
 you know i love you . 
 and today 's going to be great ! 
 come on , let 's get you cleaned up . '' 
 `` no , '' she says softly . 
 she clings to the toilet bowl as her shoulders begin to tremble gently with the onset of tears . 
 her sobs are silent , but filled with misery . 
 `` i do n't have the energy to move . 
 go away . '' 
 as my hand rests on her shoulder blade , i feel her anguish seep into me from the connection of our skin . 
 something is really wrong . 
 i remember what liam said about using touch to understand others . 
 it 's too powerful . 
 it 's too upsetting and heartbreaking to know that someone i love is so deeply hurt , and that she does n't even trust me enough to tell me why . 
 i know that it 's my fault , and i need to prove that i care about her all over again . 
 i need to be strong for her -- today more than any other day . 
 sliding closer to my older sister , i encircle her body in a cozy hug . 
 i rest my head on her shoulder . 
 `` fine . 
 let 's just hang out here by the toilet ! 
 it 's really comfortable here on the cold hard ground . 
 in the years to come , we will often reminisce about this special day , and how you spent the entire morning puking and crying on the toilet . '' 
 `` i hate you , '' she mumbles , but when her shoulders shake again , it 's with laughter . 
 `` you 're so stupid , helen . '' 
 i am surprised when she turns toward me and hugs me back fiercely . 
 `` i missed you , '' she mumbles into my shirt . 
 `` you stupid jerk . '' 
 for a moment , i just sit with her on the ground and hold her . 
 i run my hand over her hair , and it feels as soft and silky as ever -- i wonder what color it is at the moment ? 
 her body begins to relax , and the tension leaves her shoulders . 
 i feel relieved , like a great crisis has been averted . 
 i also feel somewhat ... maternal . 
 tears spring to my eyes as i acknowledge that it 's my job to take over mom 's duties in this family . 
 i should have been here to take care of both carmen and dad . 
 but instead , i was weak and selfish . 
 i ca n't be that way anymore . 
 `` you need to get some water and eat something , '' i tell carmen , pulling out of the hug and rising to my feet . 
 i reach down to carefully tug on her arms to coax her into standing . 
 `` come on ! 
 it 's your wedding day . 
 is n't it going to take several hours to get your hair and makeup done ? '' 
 `` only four , '' she says tiredly as she struggles to stand . 
 she leans on me for support . 
 `` hey , helen -- can you bring me one of those cupcakes dad got for you ? 
 he would n't let me touch them yesterday , and i was trying to stay away from anything that might jeopardize me fitting into my dress . 
 but i could really use a pick-me-up right about now . '' 
 `` um , '' i say guiltily , looking down at the ground . 
 `` helen ? '' 
 carmen asks in horror . 
 `` please tell me you did n't ... '' `` i ate all the cupcakes . '' 
 `` fuck you ! '' 
 she roars , with the bellow of a great beast about to trample a small city . 
 i flinch , a little bit worried that she 's going to tackle me to begin an all-out brawl . 
 we might be grown women now , and we might try our best to act the way we should , but we had more than a few physical fights when we were younger . 
 they were always great fun . 
 a good rough-and-tumble was always therapeutic in letting off steam . 
 if she needs one now , i am more than happy to oblige -- and to take most of the punches so that her face can remain flawless for the wedding photographs . 
 carmen growls at me angrily , but she quickly breaks down into laughter . 
 `` all of them ? 
 seriously , you ate all of them ? '' 
 `` sorry , '' i say sheepishly , and i feel a blush staining my cheeks . 
 `` psh , whatever , '' she says in frustration . 
 i can almost hear her rolling her eyes . 
 i know that she is n't really angry , and that she 's feeling a bit better . 
 `` you smell disgusting , '' i tell her , wrinkling my nose , `` it 's an interesting odor that 's somewhere between manure and wet dog . 
 you better take a shower , or your fiancé might change his mind and marry someone who is n't covered in vomit . '' 
 carmen giggles and moves away from me to turn on the bath . 
 `` thanks for coming , hellie , '' she says softly . 
 `` this wedding stuff has been so stressful , and i 'm just a pile of nerves . 
 i really needed my sister . '' 
 chapter 11 `` are your eyes closed ? '' 
 i ask her nervously , grasping the hem of my shirt . 
 `` of course ! 
 just hurry up , we do n't have all day , '' carmen says with annoyance . 
 i make a face as i quickly tug off my shirt and slide out of my jeans . 
 i reach for the bridesmaid dress , and grasp it by the shoulder straps before stepping into the garment . 
 i wiggle it up my body , and slip my hands through the armholes before reaching behind me for the zipper . 
 it slides up easily . 
 i move around a little , and the dress feels light and airy , and quite comfortable . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 i say happily . 
 `` you can look now . '' 
 `` the dress fits , '' carmen says with annoyance , `` but you lied to me . 
 i thought you said you had a boyfriend . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i said nervously . 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` then why are n't your legs shaved ? 
 and why are you wearing granny panties ? '' 
 `` you said your eyes were closed ! '' 
 i exclaim in horror , covering my body modestly . 
 `` and these are n't granny panties -- they 're comfortable , normal underwear ! '' 
 `` why did you lie ? '' 
 carmen demands . 
 `` i 'm going to have to set you up with someone ... '' `` no ! '' 
 i shout , putting my hands up in a gesture meant to halt her . 
 `` liam 's coming a little later , i swear . 
 you 'll meet my boyfriend , and you 'll see that he really exists ! 
 he 's just super nice , and he knows that it 's difficult for me to shave my legs , being blind and all -- so he does n't mind if i do n't shave in the winter . 
 it is winter , you know . '' 
 `` do not bullshit me , little sister ! '' 
 carmen says sharply . 
 i imagine her pointing a finger at me accusingly . 
 `` you only ever blame your blindness when you 're trying to elicit pity to distract someone from the topic at hand . '' 
 damn . 
 she knows me really well . 
 i had forgotten that . 
 a small smile touches my lips . 
 `` okay , i 'll tell you the truth , '' i say earnestly . 
 `` liam and i -- we 're doing the long-distance thing . 
 he 's a doctor , and he 's super busy doing research at the hospital . 
 i need my alone time to work on my books -- so it works out really well ! 
 we only see each other once every few weeks . 
 it keeps things exciting -- builds anticipation . '' 
 `` ohhh , '' she says , accepting this . 
 `` that makes sense . 
 so you do shave your legs and wear thongs once in a while ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i say awkwardly . 
 `` i mean , my lingerie probably is n't as nice as yours . 
 a little touch of lace here and there . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` good grief . 
 your poor doctor must be bored out of his mind , '' carmen says with pity . 
 she moves over to her dresser and begins pulling out drawers . 
 finally finding a satisfactory undergarment , she tosses it at me . 
 `` ow . '' 
 the tiny thong hits me squarely in the eye . 
 i am not happy about this . 
 there must have been small jewels or metal charms attached to it , for my cheek is actually stinging from the impact . 
 `` if i had known that you were going to throw your dominatrix panties at me , i might have reconsidered coming here , '' i tell her , rubbing my sore face . 
 `` men are visual creatures , '' carmen lectures me . 
 `` you need to keep them interested with pleasurable aesthetics . 
 i know that you 're obviously not a visual person ... '' `` that does n't mean you can panty-bomb my eye , '' i say grouchily . 
 `` i might not be able to see , but it still hurts ! '' 
 `` just put those on , '' carmen commands me . 
 `` they 'll look better under that dress than the outdated garbage you 're wearing . '' 
 the novelty underwear is sitting on my bare toes , and i wiggle them apprehensively . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 it 's not really my style . '' 
 `` fine , '' carmen says . 
 `` then i 'm calling brad and telling him that you are going to be his date . 
 since you obviously do n't have any real men in your life . '' 
 `` i do ! '' 
 i protest . 
 i feel tingles of shame spreading through my chest at how correct she actually is . 
 `` i swear , carmen . 
 stop embarrassing me . 
 this makes me uncomfortable . '' 
 `` then call your boyfriend , '' she challenges me . 
 she moves over to the bed where my discarded clothes are , and pulls my phone out of the pocket of my jeans . 
 she advances on me and shoves my phone against my stomach . 
 `` call him ! 
 call him so i now so i can see that he exists . '' 
 i make a sound of annoyance and exasperation . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` really , '' she says with severity . 
 `` or else . '' 
 sighing , i resign myself to making the phone call . 
 i feel stupid . 
 this whole situation is very juvenile and high-school , but i need to protect myself from carmen 's whims and fancies . 
 i know that she has always been a magnet for trouble , and has a tendency to drag me down into her mayhem . 
 i do not want to be set up with anyone . 
 i am terrified at the prospect . 
 while liam is also a stranger , i have somehow grown to trust him a tiny bit -- enough to think that he might be mostly a decent human being . 
 after what i 've been through , i have made it a personal policy to always choose the devil i know . 
 however , standing there with the phone in my hand makes me a little queasy . 
 i have never spoken to liam on the phone before , but i will need to be convincing in my lie . 
 i will need to act like we have been dating for a while . 
 i can feel my face growing red at the realization that i have dragged my new doctor into this infantile charade . 
 i reassure myself that it wo n't scare him away or jeopardize my potential treatment -- after all , he is friends with owen . 
 his tolerance for juvenile must be extremely high . 
 `` i knew it , '' carmen says triumphantly . 
 `` there is n't anyone . 
 you 're just standing there with your phone and looking like an idiot . 
 i 'm calling brad . '' 
 `` no , no , '' i say firmly . 
 `` i was just feeling shy for a moment . 
 i do n't really like talking on the phone much , these days . '' 
 taking a deep breath , i press the circular button on my phone . 
 `` dial liam . '' 
 `` calling liam ! 
 please stand by . '' 
 i bite my lip as i wait for the phone to begin ringing . 
 it feels like an eternity . 
 and then , once it is ringing , it feels like it 's happening far too quickly . 
 the ringing noises come at me like gunshots i ca n't possibly dodge , and i try my best not to flinch at each one . 
 when a voice finally answers , it 's more masculine than i remember and ragged with sleep . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 he says with a yawn . 
 `` hi honey , how are you feeling ? '' 
 i ask with concern , quickly getting into the character of a loving girlfriend . 
 i press my hand over the phone and whisper to carmen . 
 `` he 's been a bit under the weather . '' 
 `` i 'm good , '' he responds in a husky tone . 
 `` helen ? 
 is that you ? 
 your voice sounds so sweet over the phone . 
 say something else . 
 i could listen to you for hours . '' 
 i feel an odd little ache in the pit of my stomach . 
 i know we 're just play-acting , but it feels more real than anything i 've had in years . 
 `` i 'm beginning to regret coming home , '' i tell him . 
 `` my sister is trying to pimp me out to strange men , and i 'm getting assaulted with a blitzkrieg of scandalous intimate apparel . '' 
 `` let me talk to him ! '' 
 carmen says , reaching for the phone . 
 i step away , keeping it out of her grasp . 
 i am worried she 'll ask him something about me that he does n't know , and figure out that i 'm lying . 
 `` sounds brutal , '' liam responds with another yawn . 
 `` do you still want me to come to the wedding ? 
 i found an old tux in the back of my closet . '' 
 `` no , babe ! '' 
 i say nervously , while dancing away from carmen 's grabby hands . 
 `` if you 're still feeling tired , you should get some rest . 
 you 've been working so hard . '' 
 i hear him chuckling on the other end of the line . 
 `` i 'm guessing your sister is there ? 
 it 's no trouble , helen -- i do n't mind coming to the wedding . 
 i 'm actually really excited to see you again ! 
 i love spending time with you , and i 'd like to do it again as soon as possible . '' 
 `` i -- i miss you , too ? '' 
 i respond in confusion . 
 for a moment , i am not sure whether he actually meant what he said , or if it 's somehow part of our ploy . 
 i forget to move away from my sister 's grasp , and she manages to pry the phone from my distracted hands . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 she says into the phone . 
 `` is there a real person on the other end of this line ? '' 
 i move forward to listen to his responses , but carmen darts away briskly , and i 'm not in an aggressive enough mood to follow her and fight to retrieve my phone . 
 `` wow ! '' 
 carmen says in wonder . 
 `` an actual man with an actual penis ! 
 you do have a penis , right ? 
 and it 's healthy ? 
 describe it to me . '' 
 `` oh my god , '' i say in horror , moving to sit on the bed and lifting a pillow to smother my face . 
 `` lovely . 
 i 'm so glad to hear that , '' carmen says with approval . 
 `` it 's great to meet you , liam . 
 i 'm helen 's sister -- also known as the bride . 
 am i going to be seeing you later ? '' 
 there is a pause as carmen waits for the answer . 
 `` awesome ! 
 the ceremony starts at 4 pm , so just arrive a little before that . 
 do you know where the house is ? '' 
 when carmen pauses again , her voice grows ominous and dark . 
 `` wonderful . 
 now liam , i have a few serious questions for you . 
 what are your intentions with my sister ? '' 
 i remove the pillow from my face , my eyebrows lifting in puzzlement . 
 is carmen being protective of me ? 
 i have never seen this side of her , or heard this tone in her voice . 
 it warms my heart to think that my big sister could actually be my big sister for a few minutes . 
 `` i see , '' carmen says thoughtfully . 
 `` well , you sound like a tolerable guy . 
 please be good to helen . 
 she deserves the best . 
 she 's a really sweet , loyal , and intelligent girl . 
 anyone who ca n't see that is blind -- far blinder than she is . '' 
 warmth spreads through my chest at my sister 's kind words . 
 `` carm , '' i say softly , getting a little choked up . 
 i had forgotten her ability to go from being a shallow , mindless ditz to a sincere and loving human being quite suddenly and without warning . 
 `` also , '' carmen adds , `` i apologize for the bleak state of my sister 's wardrobe . 
 you 'll be happy to know that i 'm hooking her up with some irresistible new lingerie that should really spice up your sex life . '' 
 `` carmen ! '' 
 i shriek , launching myself off the ground and tackling her . 
 i wrestle my phone away from her hastily while she laughs , and i growl . 
 her sentimental mood did n't last for very long . 
 stepping away , i press the phone against my face , huffing furiously . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that , liam . '' 
 i am relieved to hear that he is laughing . 
 `` your sister sounds like a female owen , '' he says in amusement . 
 `` it 's too bad neither of them are single -- we could hook them up . 
 they would be instant soul mates . '' 
 i am surprised at the pleasant thought . 
 `` wow , you 're right . 
 they would really hit it off . '' 
 `` oh , well , '' he says in disappointment . 
 `` maybe in another lifetime ! '' 
 my face softens . 
 `` maybe , '' i agree with a small smile . 
 in the brief time that i have known him , liam has made some rather whimsical and philosophical comments . 
 i imagine him being a lonely person who spent a lot of time with his nose in books as a child . 
 he seems so thoughtful and romantic -- especially for someone in the sciences . 
 i wish i had met him under different circumstances . 
 i wish he was n't my doctor , and i wish this was n't a fake date . 
 `` so , i made some phone calls . 
 i can get you in for diagnostic tests on thursday , '' he tells me . 
 `` i want to try to expedite the procedure as much as possible . '' 
 `` sure , '' i tell him , my stomach flip-flopping in excitement . 
 `` that sounds good . '' 
 `` but forgive me -- i should n't talk about medical stuff today . 
 we should just focus on having fun at your sister 's wedding . '' 
 his voice takes on a roguish and guttural quality . 
 `` are you going to wear something sexy for me under your clothes , kitten ? '' 
 i press a hand over my lips to try to contain my laugher from bubbling out . 
 `` you know it , tiger . '' 
 i hang up quickly so that he does n't hear me dissolve into giggles at the nicknames . 
 `` look at you , '' carmen says in wonder . 
 `` i 've never seen a smile like that on your face before . 
 helen ... are you in love with him ? '' 
 her astonishment and questioning quickly returns me to reality . 
 my enjoyment of the ruse is dampened by the guilt from lying to my sister -- and the reminder that i am actually just a lonely hermit writer without any friends . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i tell her , `` but i think i 'd like to be . '' 
 `` i 'm glad for you , helen . 
 i was really ... worried . 
 for the longest time . '' 
 carmen breathes a sigh of relief . 
 `` you have no idea , darling -- how i worry about you . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i say in surprise . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she hesitates . 
 `` hellie ? 
 if i ask you something , do you promise not to get mad ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i say in confusion . 
 carmen moves over to me , and places a hand on my arm tentatively . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 are you really , truly okay ? 
 i just -- i always thought ... well , i got the feeling that something terrible happened three years ago . 
 something more than you were telling us . 
 you really changed , almost overnight . '' 
 i turn my head to the left to look in the direction of the wall . 
 i want to conceal my expressions from her as all traces of my smile disappear . 
 `` i just took losing mom really hard , '' i explain in a distant voice . 
 she moves forward to hug me . 
 `` i know . 
 we all did . 
 just when you got mugged , and you came home with all those bruises , and locked yourself in your room ... '' i clear my throat loudly , pulling out of her hug and standing up . 
 `` hey , is n't it time for your hair and makeup ? 
 wo n't your photographer be here soon ? 
 i should probably go and shave my legs . '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 she shouts . 
 `` get rid of that forest , fast . 
 if you need help , give me a shout . '' 
 `` pfft , '' i say in contempt . 
 `` i can shave by touch quite easily . 
 i just like to complain because i 'm lazy . 
 you know that . '' 
 she laughs lightly . 
 `` i 've missed you , little sister . 
 i ca n't wait to meet your doctor -- and i ca n't wait for you to meet my fiancé ! 
 i 'm not usually separated from him for this long , but we 're doing that whole traditional thing where the bride and groom do n't see each other for a little while before the wedding . 
 it 's supposed to make it more magical and emotional when we see each other again later today . '' 
 `` sounds romantic , '' i say with a yawn . 
 `` do n't make fun of me , '' she says , shoving me a little . 
 `` you 'll understand someday . 
 now go and get ready . '' 
 she stoops to pick something up , and hooks it over my arm . 
 `` and for heaven 's sake , wear the thong . '' 
 chapter 12 `` i thought that i was going to be your maid of honor , '' says carmen 's friend jealously . 
 her voice is small and whiny , and it 's unpleasant being in the same room with her . 
 `` yes , but that 's before i knew helen would be coming home , '' carmen explains . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sabrina . 
 she 's my sister . '' 
 i feel a little embarrassed for stealing the poor girl 's joyful moment . 
 she must not have too many . 
 shifting in my chair , with my ultra-soft , newly shaved legs rubbing against each other , i allow the makeup artist to apply foundation to my face . 
 i feel the fabric of carmen 's thong nestling into my bottom , and it does somehow give me an odd burst of confidence . 
 `` i have n't been around for a while , and i do n't want to step on anyone 's toes , '' i say as the makeup artist dusts blush across my cheekbones . 
 `` sabrina can be the maid of honor if she wants . '' 
 `` but i 'm the bride , and i want you , helen , '' carmen insists . 
 i hear the click of a curling iron releasing a section of her hair . 
 she makes a noise of frustration . 
 `` where 's emma ? 
 she should be here by now . '' 
 `` oh , did n't you hear ? '' 
 sabrina asks in the gossipy tone of a schoolgirl . 
 `` emma 's having some issues . '' 
 `` issues ? '' 
 carmen repeats with concern . 
 `` she did n't tell me anything . 
 is she going to miss my wedding ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so , but she might be late . '' 
 sabrina sighs . 
 `` have n't you heard ? 
 she caught jacob cheating on her a few days ago . 
 they 've been fighting since then , but she finally decided to move out this morning . 
 they 're getting a divorce . '' 
 `` no way , '' carmen whispers . 
 `` jacob and emma split up ? 
 but they 've been together since high school . 
 they 're the best couple i know . '' 
 `` i guess none of us are safe , '' sabrina laments . 
 `` frankly , i do n't know why you 're getting married at all . 
 shit 's just going to go horribly wrong . 
 it always does . '' 
 i simply can not believe how dumb and insensitive sabrina is being . 
 as the makeup artist deftly applies my eye shadow , i try very hard to keep from interjecting and yelling at the annoying woman . 
 it 's clear to see that carmen is under enough pressure , without stressing her out more about her impending wedding . 
 i can hear the catch in my sister 's breathing , indicating that she is about to begin hyperventilating . 
 `` i ca n't ... i ca n't ... '' carmen pulls her hair out of her curling iron and the barrel clicks shut . 
 she tosses it onto her dresser , and it clatters to a halt . 
 standing up , she begins to pace and tries to calm her breathing . 
 `` i ca n't believe he 'd do that to her . 
 why ? 
 jacob has always been the sweetest guy . '' 
 `` who knows why men do half the things they do ? '' 
 sabrina mutters callously . 
 `` they all end up revealing their true colors eventually . '' 
 `` oh god , '' carmen moans . 
 `` oh god , what am i doing ? 
 i 'm not ready . 
 this is crazy . 
 i 'm going to ruin my whole life ... '' `` hey , hey , '' i tell her softly , holding my hand up to instruct the makeup artist to pause . 
 i am sorely vexed with sabrina for aggravating my sister . 
 `` it 's going to be fine , carm . 
 i do n't know your fiancé , but from what you 've told me , he sounds like the type of guy who would never hurt you like that . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' sabrina says skeptically . 
 `` jacob and emma were together for twelve years , and we all thought they were solid . 
 if they can fall apart so easily , then nothing 's safe . '' 
 carmen takes several quick , shallow breaths . 
 `` get grayson . 
 please . 
 i 'm freaking out . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 sabrina says with a frown . 
 `` but you have n't finished your hair and makeup yet , or even put on your dress . 
 it will ruin your first look . '' 
 `` fuck the first look ! '' 
 carmen shouts . 
 `` i need to see grayson . 
 now . 
 please , sabby . 
 he should be here by now . 
 will you go get him ? 
 i need to see my man . 
 i need to remember why i 'm doing this . '' 
 sabrina makes a sound of displeasure . 
 `` at least get your dress on first . 
 this destroys a perfectly good tradition . '' 
 `` i really do n't care about tradition right now , '' carmen says , as she struggles to breathe . 
 pushing my makeup artist aside slightly , i move over to my sister and touch her arm . 
 `` hey , '' i tell her softly . 
 `` it 's going to be fine , carm . 
 you 're going to be happy . '' 
 `` what if -- what if something goes wrong ? '' 
 carmen demands . 
 `` almost half of all marriages end up in divorce . 
 what if i end up being another statistic ? '' 
 `` you wo n't , '' i tell her firmly . 
 `` you 're too smart . 
 you 're too funny , beautiful , and amazing . 
 any guy would be an idiot to let you get away . 
 come on , carm . 
 pull it together . '' 
 i grasp her wrists gently and squeeze them in a reassuring way . 
 `` i 'm going to cry , '' she says with a small , derisive laugh at herself . 
 `` i ca n't do this , helen . 
 i want it so badly , but i 'm just not ready . '' 
 `` forget grayson , '' sabrina says solemnly . 
 `` what you need is a drink ! 
 shall i get us a bottle of champagne to sip on while we get ready ? '' 
 `` no , '' carmen says . 
 `` i need him . 
 i need my fiancé . 
 if you do n't bring him for me , i 'll go to him myself . '' 
 `` no , no , '' sabrina says in disappointment . 
 `` i 'll go find grayson . 
 just put on your dress ! '' 
 when sabrina leaves the room , i breathe a sigh of relief . 
 `` god , carm ! 
 did n't you have any better choices for women to have as bridesmaids ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` you might find this hard to believe , '' she tells me , `` but i actually do n't have too many female friends . 
 i ca n't deal with how catty and superficial they are . 
 they 're also always jealous , for one reason or another . 
 sabrina and emma were just going to be there to make it look like i 'm not a total loser . '' 
 i smile at this . 
 i do know that while other women tend to be attracted to carmen , and while she is polite and friendly to most of them , she keeps them at an arm 's length . 
 `` let 's get you into that dress , '' i tell her . 
 `` okay , '' she says anxiously , moving across the room to retrieve it from its plastic packaging . 
 she heads toward the bathroom to change so that the makeup artists and hair stylist wo n't see her nude . 
 `` i guess this is really happening , '' she murmurs . 
 `` what kind of dress is it ? '' 
 i ask as i follow her across the room . 
 `` it 's a strapless mermaid-style gown , '' she tells me , closing the bathroom door behind us . 
 i can hear her running her hand over the embroidery . 
 `` i wish you could see it . 
 it 's covered in pearls and swarovski crystals . 
 it 's really something . '' 
 `` i bet you 'll be unforgettable , '' i tell her with confidence . 
 `` now put it on ! '' 
 a rustling is heard as she fumbles with the material . 
 she thrusts the dress into my hands . 
 `` hold this for a moment , '' she tells me as she unties her robe and steps barefoot onto the ground . 
 i feel carmen unzip the dress in my hands and step into it , and i help to lift the heavy garment around her body . 
 `` oh , i 'm feeling better already , '' she says with a sigh of contentment . 
 `` will you zip me up ? '' 
 when she turns around , i brush my hands over the gown , searching for the zipper . 
 when i finally locate it , i begin tugging it up . 
 i am surprised when it gets stuck near her lower back . 
 biting down on my lip , i try again . 
 the zipper wo n't go up . 
 i grasp the sides of the fabric and pull them closer together , before trying to zip once more . 
 a frown settles on my face . 
 `` it does n't fit ? '' 
 carmen asks me in alarm . 
 `` god . 
 did i get too fat ? '' 
 `` put your arms straight up and stretch your body out , '' i instruct her . 
 she follows my directions , and with some gentle pulling and tugging , coaxing the zipper up and down , it finally travels up the length of her back . 
 `` oh my god , '' she breathes . 
 `` i was seconds away from having a full-blown panic attack . '' 
 `` pfft , '' i say in dismissal . 
 `` you 're fine . 
 it 's a good thing you did n't have any cupcakes , though . '' 
 `` helen ... '' she begins saying softly . 
 her voice is breaking like she might cry . 
 a knock sounds on the bathroom door . 
 `` miss winters , we really need to get back to doing your hair and makeup , '' says the makeup artist . 
 `` we 're running out of time before the wedding photographs . '' 
 `` okay ! 
 be right out ! '' 
 carmen shouts , before turning back to me . 
 she sniffles , as though trying very hard to fight back her tears . 
 `` helen , i just -- '' `` what is it ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` i -- i need a tylenol , '' carmen grumbles , moving over to the medicine cabinet . 
 she is struggling to open the cap on the bottle when a male voice is heard coming from her bedroom , she abruptly drops the container of pills into the sink . 
 `` carmen ? '' 
 says the man 's soft and tender voice . 
 my blood runs cold . 
 `` are you here , honey ? '' 
 he asks gently . 
 `` i could n't wait to see you either . '' 
 i stumble back against the bathroom wall , my face frozen . 
 `` oh , thank god ! '' 
 carmen says . 
 `` he 's here . 
 helen , you have to meet my fiancé ! '' 
 my heart is pounding like a stampede within my chest . 
 there are a thousand beasts racing across the savannah of my insides , spurred on by crushing fear . 
 my mind has trouble forming logical thoughts , as my body reacts in sheer terror . 
 no . 
 this is n't possible . 
 prickles of hot panic spread through my neck and spine . 
 a thin film of cool sweat has instantly covered my freshly showered skin from head to toe . 
 `` gray ! '' 
 carmen whispers as she runs out of the bathroom in her wedding dress , and throws herself into her fiancé 's arms . 
 i hear her dissolving into tears . 
 `` i 've missed you , '' she sobs . 
 `` i missed you so much . '' 
 i hear him catch her and plant a kiss on her lips . 
 `` i 've missed you more , darling . 
 let 's make sure that 's the last night we ever spend apart . '' 
 i feel like i 'm going to throw up . 
 this ca n't be right . 
 i have heard that people have doppelgangers who look almost identical to them -- perhaps grayson 's voice just happens to be very similar to the voice that haunts my nightmares . 
 it 's highly unlikely that he is who i believe he is ... the sound of carmen 's crying filters into the bathroom . 
 `` shhhhh , '' says grayson in a soothing voice . 
 `` just relax , honey . 
 i 'm here . '' 
 `` it 's been so hard -- i 'm freaking out about everything , '' carmen says through her tears . 
 for a moment , i almost can convince myself that this is n't really happening . 
 if my sister loves this man , he must be a good person . 
 there is no possible way that he is the monster who ... `` think about calm ocean breezes , '' grayson tells her in a soft and melodic whisper . 
 `` shhh , carmen . 
 my beloved carmen . '' 
 he runs his hand over her back and presses a kiss against her forehead . 
 `` think about soft waves of the ocean . 
 shhh . 
 that 's all we are . 
 soft waves of the ocean . '' 
 something explodes inside me . 
 i see red . 
 although i can see nothing , i see everything . 
 everything is red . 
 i lunge forward and slam the bathroom door shut before the man can see me . 
 i lock the door . 
 staggering back into the bathroom , i reach out and grasp for something , anything to give me support . 
 everything is spinning , and i can not stand . 
 i grasp the shower curtain and tear it off the hooks as i fall to my knees . 
 i hit my head on the ceramic edge of the tub , but i barely notice this due to the pain , dizziness , and nausea that has already seized my body . 
 i press my face into the folds of the shower curtain , and scream . 
 i scream at the top of my lungs . 
 i scream bloody murder . 
 i scream with years of pent up fury . 
 but no sound leaves my chest . 
 it 's like i have forgotten how to speak . 
 he has stolen my breath , along with everything else . 
 clarity , book 2 helen struggles with the discovery of the identity of the man who is about to become her brother-in-law . 
 she vows to try to stop the wedding and save her sister from a miserable fate . 
 liam returns , and even though helen is depressed and pushes him away , he refuses to leave . 
 he is determined to make her go through with the surgery to repair her eyes . 
 he makes it his goal to help her battle her demons and improve her life in every way , and he wo n't take no for an answer . 
 now available from all retailers . 
 visit this website to learn more : lorettalost.com thank you for reading this book ! 
 to receive another free book -lrb- $ 2.99 value -rrb- sign up for loretta 's mailing list today : subscribe www.lorettalost.com 
