 friends do n't kerry m. kelly copyright 2014 kerry m. kelly smashwords edition all rights reserved . 
 no part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever including internet usage , without written permission of the author . 
 this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 table of contents prologue chapter 1 chapter 2 chapter 3 chapter 4 chapter 5 chapter 6 chapter 7 chapter 8 chapter 9 chapter 10 chapter 11 chapter 12 prologue katryn paced from the window to the door and back in her moderately sized bedroom . 
 it was hard for her to admit she was actually dreading volleyball practice . 
 it had never happened before . 
 ever . 
 she was gun-shy because of john , and she cursed him for making it so . 
 while she waited , she found herself remembering last season . 
 it depressed her when she realized she would probably never forget john . 
 he had started out innocently enough . 
 in fact , john had actually been a godsend . 
 when cal had broken his leg skiing , the ever readys were looking at an entire volleyball season playing one man short . 
 without the fourth man , the team would have to forfeit if any one of the remaining three had to miss any games . 
 besides , the team was set up in pairs , and it just worked better all around to have the fourth man . 
 katryn had immediately called the parks department to see if they could send her the list of people looking to join volleyball teams . 
 once she received it , katryn doggedly started down through the 30 names . 
 she had used the list other years , so she knew it probably would not be up to date . 
 sure enough , the first 24 names yielded nothing . 
 people had moved , joined other teams , were no longer interested , or were not available on friday nights . 
 john was the 25th on the list . 
 when he said he was available , and interested , katryn thanked her lucky stars . 
 the league started in a week , so katryn 's team was desperate for a player . 
 they did not get a chance to try the man out . 
 there just was not time . 
 john showed up for practice and was immediately accepted . 
 it took very little time for the team to realize he was a mistake , however . 
 the ironic part was that he did have pretty decent skills . 
 most any team would have been quite happy to pick up a new man who played that well . 
 no , the problem was not his ability , it was his attitude . 
 he was arrogant , obnoxious , and a ball hog . 
 he would take shots that were not his , hit the ball over the net rather than set to teammates he considered inferior , and would argue with the ref over every call . 
 he did not like any of the team , but he spent extra time letting katryn know what a poor captain she made . 
 she was willing to bet the real problem was that he did not care to be taking orders from a woman - especially not one he could not intimidate , and katryn stood up to him . 
 he had tried to take over the team , tried to change their strategy , even tried to talk a couple players into leaving and starting a new team with him . 
 but katryn fought him on every point , and the team backed her up . 
 everyone knew he was not happy with the team in general . 
 only katryn had to hear , over and over , how much he hated each one of them in particular - especially julie . 
 from the very beginning he had tried to get julie replaced . 
 she was too frail for volleyball , he had argued with katryn . 
 her fingers were so weak that at least half of her sets were called illegal by the refs . 
 he complained she had no ball sense , therefore was rarely where she needed to be . 
 and when she did get good hits , john would whisper to katryn ` law of averages says even the worst player has to eventually get one ! ' 
 while john also wanted katryn to replace mary and ed , he told her more than once that if she did not ` have the balls ' to get rid of all three of them , she could at least think of the team and get rid of julie . 
 john had made sure only katryn heard most of what he said . 
 he always spoke to her after practice , waiting until the others had left . 
 he was polite to his teammates ' faces , so they had no way of knowing how much he really disliked them . 
 katryn had felt she was forced to listen . 
 she believed it was one of her jobs as captain , and besides , she would rather he tell her and not upset the rest of the team . 
 one night , towards the end of the season , john cornered katryn when she was leaving practice . 
 the others had already headed out , and she was alone . 
 he immediately started in on all that he thought she was doing wrong . 
 he wanted julie removed from the team now , and mary and ed would have go too - soon . 
 they were so intent , john with yelling and katryn with listening , that neither of them heard tom . 
 tom had come back to retrieve the volleyball he had forgotten , and was in the breezeway near the front door when he overheard john 's raised voice . 
 he stayed out of sight , wondering what was going on . 
 he listened quietly for a bit , surprised to hear what abuse katryn was , and from the sounds of it , had been taking from john . 
 he was a little hurt that she had never told him about john 's outbursts . 
 after he had heard enough to convince himself that john had to be stopped , tom came around the corner where he could be seen . 
 he was startled to find that john had katryn pinned up against a wall , poking her forcefully in the shoulder to emphasize each point he was making . 
 tom told john to back off , his tone of voice warning john that he would book no argument . 
 after he sent john on his way , advising him not to go near katryn again , tom proceeded to tell katryn she was never to take anything like that from a team member again . 
 captain or no , she did not have to put up with that from anybody ! 
 tom called katryn before practice the next week . 
 he asked if she could please show up a little early . 
 she had been surprised to find all of her teammates , except john , waiting for her . 
 they had wanted to tell her , together , that they would like john off the team . 
 the men promised they would never miss a game , so barring any accident , the team would not have to ever play short in the games . 
 anne , mary and julie assured her they would rather play short than with john , anyway . 
 it did not take much convincing for katryn to agree with them . 
 though none of them said so , katryn knew tom had set up the meeting . 
 he had been pretty upset about what katryn had been putting up with from john , and he had been serious when he had told her he did not want her going through anything like that again , ever . 
 it helped ease her mind that tom was watching out for her . 
 it was decided that tom and katryn would stay at the gym to talk to john when he showed up for practice . 
 they knew it would be better if the others left for awhile , returning after katryn and tom had spoken to him . 
 practice would start late , but it was worth it . 
 with tom to back her up , katryn waited for john . 
 he did not take the news well . 
 her face still burned whenever she remembered what he had called her . 
 tom , quiet , non-violent tom , surprised john with a right cross , knocking him to the floor . 
 it did not stop john 's mouth , though . 
 katryn had had to hold tom back when john continued to make remarks on his way out the door . 
 to this day katryn believed that , if tom had not been there , john would have become more than verbally abusive to her . 
 never had she seen such hate in a person 's eyes . 
 and it had been there well before tom had decked him . 
 katryn had felt compelled to watch over her shoulder and double-lock her doors , for quite some time after john had gone . 
 none of the rest of the team had ever known about the altercation , nor could they guess how worried katryn had been after john had left . 
 tom had taken it on himself to make sure she never left practice alone after that , though . 
 katryn definitely appreciated his concern . 
 it had been a couple months now , but thinking about john still made katryn a little uneasy . 
 a car horn honked outside her window , breaking into her reverie . 
 katryn shook off the disturbing memories and headed downstairs to the living room . 
 chapter 1 when katryn heard the car honking outside , she glanced at her watch and was surprised at the time . 
 `` timmy , see if that 's julie , please , '' she asked , heading to the hall closet for her jacket . 
 she was zipping it up when her son let her know that it was , indeed , julie . 
 katryn grabbed the equipment bag and headed towards the door . 
 `` love ya ' , '' she told her boys . 
 then , to the sitter she said , `` i 'll be back the same time as usual . '' 
 she hurried outside . 
 opening the car door , katryn teased her friend about being early . 
 `` i wanted to make sure i got you before you got away , '' julie explained . 
 `` it would n't surprise you to hear i 'd rather not go to practice , then ? '' 
 katryn asked , knowing the answer . 
 `` you , katryn delaney , not want to go to practice ? 
 why on earth would i suspect that ? 
 it ca n't be volleyball . 
 i 've known you for too many years to think that . 
 there have been times i thought you 'd rather play sports than breathe . '' 
 katryn had to chuckle , and her friend continued . 
 `` if it is n't the sports , than i wonder what could possibly make you want to miss practice . 
 i 'm sure it 's not the team ... '' katryn agreed it was not `` it 's not too far , too late or too cold ... '' katryn shook her head . 
 `` that could only leave one thing that i can think of . 
 could it possibly have anything to do with the fact that we have a new man trying out for the team ? '' 
 `` cute , julie . 
 yes , it 's the new man , '' katryn admitted needlessly . 
 `` honest katryn , he wo n't be as bad as john . '' 
 `` easy for you to say , '' katryn told her friend . 
 `` this one will be different , '' julie promised . 
 `` and this time we can all help you decide . '' 
 katryn nodded even while part of her wanted to scream , ` but that 's not the part that 's hard . 
 deciding is easy . 
 it 's having to ask someone not to join that 's hard ' . 
 she was not sure julie would understand , though , and she did not want to get into it with her friend , so she calmly answered . 
 `` it 's a deal . 
 now , where 'd you say you got this guy ? '' 
 `` dave , the guy i share an office with , asked if we needed any more men for our volleyball team . 
 he said he knew someone who was looking for a team . '' 
 `` has he ever played city league ball , before ? '' 
 katryn wanted to know . 
 trying to teach someone how to hit legally , especially if they have been hitting poorly for any length of time , often took a lot of energy , she knew well . 
 `` i asked dave . 
 he said he honestly did n't know . 
 but dave did say , and i 'm quoting , ` this guy 's quite an athlete and would surely catch on real quick ' . 
 katryn cringed , thinking of all the times she had been told that before . 
 `` what exactly did you tell dave ? '' 
 katryn wanted to know . 
 `` you do n't have to worry . 
 i told dave that paul was welcome to come to a practice or two and see if he even liked the team . 
 dave caught on right away . 
 he laughed and asked if that was a polite way of saying we wanted to check paul out . '' 
 julie chuckled and katryn found herself smiling . 
 `` that was pretty cagey , i have to admit . 
 thanks , i appreciate it . 
 you have n't met this guy , paul , before ? '' 
 katryn asked . 
 `` no . 
 dave tried to set me up with him a couple times last fall , but i just was n't in the mood for another blind date at the time . 
 it was right after mark , remember ? '' 
 julie shook her head vigorously and shrugged her shoulders as she thought of mark . 
 `` anyway , dave said he 's a good looking man , mid to late 30 's , who seems nice . 
 i understand he broke up with a long-time girlfriend probably about a year ago . '' 
 `` is he divorced ? 
 does he have any kids ? '' 
 katryn found herself asking , knowing she really did not care , anyway . 
 `` no , he 's never been married . 
 i know it appears a bit odd for a guy his age , but dave said he was with his girlfriend for six or seven years . 
 it seems he wanted marriage and kids , but she was never quite ready . 
 dave says he finally quit waiting . 
 i guess he gave her six months to make up her mind . 
 when she still was n't sure , he left . '' 
 katryn nodded absently while they pulled into the empty high school parking lot . 
 `` we 're the first ones here . 
 we might as well go in and get the net set up , '' katryn told julie . 
 `` katryn , '' julie stopped her friend . 
 `` remember that ed , ken , mary and anne all tried out and worked out ok . 
 i have a good feeling about this guy . 
 dave said he 's really nice . 
 think positive ! '' 
 `` thanks , i needed that , '' katryn teased , her mood a little brighter . 
 when they got inside the gym , katryn headed for the equipment room . 
 the door closed automatically behind her . 
 she felt for , and quickly found , the familiar light switch . 
 she rummaged around in the small room before she found the net . 
 every week it seemed to be in a different cubby hole . 
 she opened the door and headed out into the gym . 
 `` katryn , '' she heard julie say , `` i 'd like you to meet paul keegan . 
 paul , this is katryn delaney , our team 's captain . '' 
 hoping her first impression of him would be positive , she steeled herself . 
 taking a deep breath , katryn turned . 
 a strikingly good-looking man extended his hand to her . 
 katryn 's heart skipped a beat , and she felt her face go red . 
 he smiled warmly , but she saw the quick look of surprise in his eyes . 
 she wondered if it were so obvious , the shocking sensation that had hit her . 
 she had been half afraid she would dislike him right from the word go . 
 it startled her that , instead , her whole body turned so warm . 
 ` what 's wrong with you ? ' 
 she asked herself . 
 katryn had never believed in love at first sight before . 
 still , she wondered what other explanation there was for what made her heart skip beats , her face grow redder by the minute , and her brain stop functioning completely . 
 well , if it were n't love , she quickly decided , then it must be lust . 
 embarrassed by where her thoughts had so quickly led her , she stammered a `` pleased to meet you '' and she reached to shake his hand . 
 his warm grip sent another shock wave through her . 
 she pulled her hand away as soon as was politely possible and took another look at him . 
 katryn was drawn to the warm smile he still offered her . 
 having been single for many years , she had grown used to the slightly guarded , protected grin she usually got from single males . 
 not much of a smile , really , it was more an assessing look that gave nothing away of the man who was assessing . 
 paul 's smile was a welcome change , and katryn hoped her face was at least a little less red when she found herself smiling back . 
 `` i can help you with that , '' paul offered , nodding towards the net partially coiled over her left arm . 
 katryn tried to hand the net to paul . 
 she had found it in a heap in the cubby hole , though , not folded up properly , so it was now an unwieldy mess with parts sticking out everywhere . 
 paul started towards the center of the gym , one end uncoiled . 
 katryn , her mind elsewhere , did not notice . 
 `` careful , '' paul warned when she tripped slightly on the uncoiled end of the net that dragged behind him . 
 katryn 's face reddened appreciably . 
 she held back from the other two , and bent down pretending to retie her shoes , needing a moment to collect herself . 
 watching paul help julie untangle the net , she was surprised by the strength of the attraction she felt for this man she did not even know . 
 forcing herself to look away from him , she stared at her shoes and re-tied them yet again . 
 she tried to understand the impact this virtual stranger was having on her . 
 her immediate , and much too strong , reaction to him made no sense . 
 while it had been awhile since she dated , still , she did not feel lonely , nor in any way ` desperate for a man . ' 
 in fact , though it was a little exciting to feel drawn to paul , exhilarating even to feel her heart speed when he touched her , there were immediate negatives that came quickly to mind . 
 she started to enumerate , as a reminder to herself that they did exist , some of the pitfalls of falling in love . 
 her orderly life could be dumped upside down . 
 her poor heart could be broken into a million pieces . 
 her ... `` takes a lot of concentration to tie those , huh ? '' 
 tom teased , walking past katryn to help with the net . 
 startled , katryn was jolted from her thoughts . 
 she realized she had n't even noticed tom come into the gym . 
 covering , she answered lightly , `` i ca n't remember . 
 is it left over right or right over left ? '' 
 `` have you tried velcro , yet ? 
 it might save you some time , '' tom continued kidding her while he took one end of the net from julie and fastened it to the far side of the gym . 
 `` then maybe you could come help us put up the net . '' 
 `` velcro probably would n't help , '' julie joined in . 
 `` knowing katryn , i 'd bet she 'd still forget if it were right over left or vice-versa . '' 
 `` cruel . 
 you guys are really cruel . '' 
 katryn pretended she was hurt , but no-one bought it . 
 she got her volleyball and joined the others , trying not to stare at paul . 
 ken showed up next , and julie took a moment to introduce tom and ken to paul . 
 once the net was set up , the five of them got into a loose circle and began to set the ball to each other . 
 katryn found the familiar movements of volleyball a welcome distraction from paul . 
 concentrating on skills helped keep her mind on the sports , though it was not enough to completely stop her thoughts from wandering . 
 eventually the rest of the team straggled in and also joined the circle . 
 julie kept up with the introductions until everyone had met paul . 
 katryn watched paul surreptitiously . 
 she was supposed to be assessing his playing abilities , but for just a few moments she found herself noticing other things . 
 he was probably just over six feet tall , with thick coal black hair , and bright blue eyes . 
 he was neither too thin nor too fat . 
 he was obviously athletic , having good ball sense and the smooth quick moves of someone who had played a lot of sports . 
 and he was quick to learn . 
 though it was apparent that his sets were not entirely legal when he started , she saw that he watched the others intently to see how they set . 
 even over a very short period of time , his sets were improving . 
 of course , keeping an eye on him did nothing for her own skills . 
 she wondered if anyone suspected why she blew so many easy sets . 
 and while she had at first dreaded even meeting this man , suddenly she no longer minded being captain at all . 
 she only hoped paul was unaware of how close an eye she was keeping on him . 
 after ten minutes of setting , katryn gave everyone a minute before she broke them up into pairs to practice bumping . 
 when she started to pair people up , she saw that julie had already taken a ball , and paul , off to the side to practice . 
 shoot , katryn thought . 
 she had planned to put paul with one of the stronger players . 
 julie had been katryn 's best friend for over ten years , and she had played on many volleyball teams with katryn off and on during most of those years . 
 however , john had been right about julie 's ball-handling skills , and katryn would have preferred that paul not pick up any bad habits . 
 for a second she even considered splitting them up . 
 julie was too good of a friend , though , and katryn would not dream of embarrassing her . 
 she paired up the rest of the team , had them make two lines facing each other , and started the drill . 
 one of each pair threw the ball easily to his partner who then bumped the ball on the forearm , back to their teammate . 
 `` remember , '' katryn kidded , `` bill would call this a ` muscle memory drill ' . '' 
 when paul asked what that meant , julie answered . 
 `` bill was on our team a couple years ago . 
 he swore muscles have memories . 
 in fact , he was pretty adamant about it . 
 he always broke every skill down into its smallest parts , and we 'd practice each part over and over . 
 he believed that if you did something the same way , over and over , your muscles would eventually remember to do the activity by themselves . 
 like walking , he 'd point out . 
 you do it without thinking about it . '' 
 `` so , '' katryn added , `` for a few minutes we work on just keeping our arms straight , our hands locked , and hitting the ball with our forearms . 
 we start with lightly thrown balls . 
 if muscle memory is real , we should be able to train ourselves to bump correctly by practicing with the easy hits . 
 then , during the game , we 'll automatically , according to bill , anyway , do well without having to think about it . 
 in my case , though , i think i 'm suffering from memory loss ! '' 
 she ended on a light note ; when she missed an easy throw from tom . 
 soon all the pairs were practicing . 
 paul and julie were at one end of the line , and katryn positioned herself at the other . 
 she needed the practice , and if she could not see paul , she knew she would concentrate better . 
 it worked well , and she was able to get a lot out of the drill working with tom . 
 after awhile , the partners backed up and they threw the balls harder and lower . 
 this meant the bumper had to bend his knees and stay on his toes to get below the ball for a good clean hit . 
 this drill was a little harder than the first . 
 finally , the last bumping practice was ` turkey ' . 
 one player , the turkey , got in the middle of a very large circle . 
 there were two balls out in the circle being thrown low and hard at the turkey . 
 while it was rare indeed that both balls were ever thrown at the same time , the turkey still had to recover almost immediately from one bump to get the next . 
 it was a fast paced drill for working on skill and reflexes , and although it always wore them out , the team felt it was one of their better drills . 
 everyone took their turn being the turkey in order around the circle . 
 paul was second to last , and when it was his turn , katryn offered him an out . 
 `` paul , since you 're new , you sure do n't have to try this drill on your first night with us . '' 
 then , when he headed to the center of the circle anyway , she added lightly , `` some of these people are down-right vicious . 
 quit when you 've had enough . '' 
 the team started out by going easy on paul , as she knew they would . 
 once he got into the swing of it , though , things slowly changed . 
 his technique was good , and his reactions were quick . 
 without anyone noticing , the pace picked up , and paul kept up , seemingly effortlessly . 
 finally it dawned on katryn how fast and furious the pace was getting , and how long paul had been the turkey . 
 `` ok , '' she called out , and she made her way into the circle . 
 paul , on his way to the spot she had vacated , winked when he went by . 
 she knew it was because he had done quite well on the drill . 
 she guessed he probably did know , after all , that he was on trial . 
 katryn had been captain of the ever readys since the team began . 
 her teammates liked and respected katryn , both as a player and a coach . 
 she had played volleyball in every league up to and including ` a ' league , and she had been to more clinics than the rest of them combined . 
 while she was quick to point out she was by no means an ` a ' league player any more , her skills were equal to any on her team . 
 more important for the team , she understood the theory , the nuances of volleyball better than most . 
 in spite of her knowledge , and skills , though , katryn never took herself , or the position of captain , too seriously . 
 she could take a joke as well as any , and enjoyed the light hearted competition that sometimes arose during practices . 
 in fact , more often than not she could count on the turkey drill becoming especially quick when she was the turkey . 
 she was not surprised , then , when the drill started , good naturedly , with both balls being thrown simultaneously at her . 
 she got one , side-stepped the other , and prepared for the onslaught . 
 while it never again happened that both balls came at once , they came one right after the other , thrown quite hard and very low . 
 the men on the team threw the balls back and forth over her head so she would never know , for sure , where the ball would be coming from next . 
 katryn was having a good night , however , and she was able to get good bumps out of most of the throws . 
 when she was sure she had gone a bit longer than any of the others , katryn caught the ball thrown to her , stood up and called `` ok , i give . '' 
 it was too sudden , though , and the others were caught off guard . 
 tom had already let go of a ball thrown to ken . 
 if she had not stood up , the ball would have sailed right over her head . 
 instead , the ball caught katryn on the right temple , and spun her slightly , knocking her off her feet . 
 paul glanced at tom before he rushed to katryn 's aid . 
 tom stood stock still , stunned . 
 he was unable to move . 
 paul recognized the look on tom 's face , and wondered if katryn had any idea . 
 he was unsure why he thought so , but he would bet she did not know . 
 by the time he got to katryn , julie and ken were already beside her . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she was saying . 
 `` and , tom , just tell me if you do n't like the drills , ok ? 
 honest , i can take a little criticism , '' she joked , starting to stand up . 
 while katryn continued to get up , paul asked her to please sit still for a minute . 
 `` that was a pretty hard throw , '' he explained . 
 `` you might be a little dizzy for a bit . '' 
 embarrassed , katryn started to get up , anyway . 
 `` it 's really ok . 
 i 'm just fine . 
 you do n't think i 'll sit here and let you guys get out of more drills , do you ? 
 tell him , tom . 
 i 'm not that nice . '' 
 in spite of her words , she was just the slightest bit unsteady when she tried to stand . 
 paul reached to steady her . 
 `` can i help you over to one of the benches ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 katryn had been on her own too long . 
 she was not impressed by men who treated women like they were too weak to handle something as minor as getting hit by a ball . 
 she was also embarrassed that she had actually fallen down . 
 `` i do n't need any help , '' she angrily assured paul , stepping away from him . 
 then , to the others , she continued , `` now let 's set up for a hitting drill . 
 everyone line up behind ed . 
 i 'll be the setter . '' 
 `` no , '' paul said firmly . 
 `` we do n't practice until you go sit down . '' 
 ignoring paul , katryn turned to tom who had absently picked up the errant volleyball . 
 `` tom , will you throw the ball to ed so we can get started . '' 
 instead , tom sat the ball down on the floor , and started off the court . 
 `` i have to agree with paul , '' he explained . 
 `` i know how hard that ball was thrown . '' 
 slowly the rest of katryn 's team followed tom off the court until only katryn and paul remained . 
 katryn was furious . 
 `` i am ok , '' she whispered to paul . 
 she turned too abruptly , though , and was a bit perturbed when she felt herself sway just a little . 
 immediately paul 's hand closed around her arm , helping to steady her while he walked her over to the bench . 
 in spite of how angry she was and how foolish she felt , she was unable to ignore the spark of electricity that shot through her when he touched her . 
 she had to acknowledge , though unwillingly , the warmth that was spreading from her arm where he held her , through her entire body . 
 as soon as she could , she pulled away and sat down on the bench , hoping he had not noticed how foolishly she was reacting to him . 
 ` knock it off ! ' 
 she told herself . 
 ` pay attention to volleyball . 
 you 're supposed to be the coach ' . 
 `` now , if you 'll just rest for a few minutes , we 'll go back to the drills , ok ? '' 
 he asked . 
 while his tone was kind , it grated on her . 
 it was not bad enough that he had made her appear weak in front of her own team , but the fact that his touch had made her react like a school girl with her first crush , totally unnerved her . 
 she was far too old for such foolishness . 
 besides , unwilling though she was to acknowledge it , she had to admit to herself that she was still slightly dizzy from the hit . 
 and while she was actually relieved to be able to sit out for a bit , she would never give him the satisfaction of knowing that . 
 not after he had made her look so bad . 
 `` anne , '' she asked , regaining what little control she could , `` would you please set for the hitting drill ? 
 and maybe the rest of you would n't mind getting back out to practice , now ? '' 
 though she tried to make it sound like a joke , everyone guessed she was still a little upset . 
 katryn sat out for about ten minutes . 
 it may not have seemed a very long time to the others , but it had felt like hours to her . 
 she walked out onto the gym floor more than ready to play . 
 she went to the back of the line , behind tom . 
 she watched paul take his turn at spiking ; secretly hoping he would miss his hit . 
 he jumped high and spiked the ball hard , down the line . 
 `` darn good hit ! '' 
 tom congratulated paul . 
 katryn smiled wryly . 
 `` feeling better ? '' 
 paul asked when he got into line behind katryn . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she shot back . 
 paul merely nodded , suppressing a grin . 
 in a moment , katryn was at the front of the line , and she threw anne the ball . 
 anne gave her a nice high set , and katryn was able to get a good clean hit . 
 she began to joke with the team again , and practice slowly got back to normal . 
 she never had been one who could stay angry for very long . 
 katryn took her turn at setting , and kept an eye on paul . 
 while she was really no longer angry , she found herself wishing he would do poorly . 
 she told herself that she would like to inform him that he was not wanted , but she could not quite convince herself it was true . 
 in spite of how much she might wish it were not so , she had to admit she was attracted to him . 
 besides , he not only was playing quite well , he also seemed to be getting on famously with the rest of the team . 
 julie had tried to help him all evening . 
 she had explained each drill to him when they had practiced it , and offered suggestions whenever she could . 
 anne , who was usually very quiet , seemed more talkative around paul , too , and took some time helping him with his sets . 
 the men appeared to approve of him , also . 
 in fact , tom and ed had both given her the ` ok ' sign , already . 
 katryn was well aware it really no longer mattered how she felt , anyway . 
 if the rest of the team wanted him , she would go along with them in spite of how foolish she had been made to feel earlier . 
 oh well , she told herself , you no longer have much of a say . 
 she realized , once she said it , that she was relieved . 
 in spite of what she had tried to tell herself , she knew she would have hated to ask paul not to join . 
 katryn set up one last practice with everyone setting to them-selves against the wall . 
 paul again asked anne for help on his sets , and katryn berated herself when she felt a prick of jealousy . 
 when everyone was about beat , katryn began to divide them into two teams so they could play some games . 
 `` julie , paul , ed , and mary will be one team . 
 tom , ken , anne , let 's move over to the other side , '' katryn told her teammates , ignoring the questioning look from tom . 
 both sides lined up with a setter in the front row and three players in the back . 
 the two outside players in the back row played both offense and defense . 
 while in the back row , they practiced getting their bumps to the setter . 
 then they had to be ready to move up to the front row to spike when the ball was set to them . 
 since everyone rotated through all the positions , it gave each of them a chance to work on their best , and their worst skills . 
 when the teams were evenly matched , it was fun , competitive , and a good practice . 
 most everybody had realized from the start , though , that the two teams were not evenly matched . 
 katryn and anne were the two best setters on the team . 
 katryn was also skilled at bumping and anne was tall and quite a good hitter . 
 tom and ken were excellent all-around players , able to bump , set and spike well . 
 that four-some faced the others . 
 while it was true that ed was a good at spiking , he was having a bit of trouble with his bumps and sets . 
 julie was probably the weakest member of the team , since she had difficulties setting or bumping . 
 mary was fair at all positions , but paul , of course , was brand new . 
 paul was not so new , however , nor so unobservant , that he missed the inequality in the teams . 
 he smiled to himself , wondering if katryn put all potential teammates through this particular test . 
 though julie 's team served first , katryn 's team got the ball back immediately . 
 katryn rotated into position . 
 her first four serves were hard and low , and no-one was able to return them . 
 she changed to a slow underhand serve next , and both teams volleyed fairly well . 
 it was when katryn moved up for a spike that things changed . 
 katryn jumped and got well above the ball for a good clean spike . 
 paul was there , however , and blocked her hit back into her court . 
 katryn missed it completely . 
 it unnerved her to realize she had never even considered paul a blocker . 
 she had thought he was too new ! 
 the surprise must have shown in her eyes , she realized , because paul winked wickedly at her while her teammates called out , ` good play , paul . ' 
 ` nice block . ' 
 ` way to be there . ' 
 while katryn perhaps should have been happy that paul was doing so well , she was , instead , chagrined that she had not been ready for his block , had not expected him to be there at all . 
 katryn did not make the mistake of under-estimating paul a second time . 
 while her team did beat his , it was not anywhere near as badly as she had wanted . 
 katryn noticed that paul did n't get discouraged by losing . 
 instead , he continued to encourage his team , and complimented each of them on good hits . 
 he played team ball even when he knew setting to julie or mary might mean losing a point . 
 and he never took hits that were obviously to someone else . 
 when katryn 's team won , he congratulated his teammates for a game well played . 
 she sure could not claim he was a poor sport . 
 `` let 's change sides , '' katryn told everyone after the first game . 
 when they started to move , tom interrupted . 
 `` paul , why do n't you and mary trade with anne and me for this game ? '' 
 katryn was surprised that tom would try to set up the teams . 
 it dawned on her , though , that he was trying to make the teams a little more even , and she realized there was no sense in ` testing ' paul anymore , anyway . 
 her team lined up with katryn playing setter , paul and ken were the hitters , and mary was in middle back . 
 while it unnerved katryn a little at first to be next to paul , she soon all but forgot his affect on her . 
 once the game got underway , her attention was solely on volleyball . 
 the next two games were a lot of fun . 
 with the teams more evenly matched , points became harder and harder to win . 
 paul proved to be quite an asset since he spiked and blocked well . 
 tom 's team took the first game by two points , and katryn 's team was ahead 17 to 16 in the final game . 
 ken 's serve was immediately returned by tom 's team deep to paul . 
 his bump went over katryn to ken . 
 ken set a beautiful , high set that was falling right between katryn and paul . 
 usually the hitter takes the third hit , and katryn , as setter , waited till the last second to move . 
 still paul did not call for the hit , so katryn took a short step to her left and jumped to hit the ball . 
 colliding soundly with paul , she just barely managed to stay out of the net while she stumbled back and to her right . 
 she landed on the floor , watching paul 's spike bounce off tom 's hand to go out of bounds . 
 chapter 2 `` great spike . 
 sorry i was in your way , '' katryn told paul while she scrambled to get up off the floor . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 he asked quickly , reaching to help her up . 
 then he added , a little sheepishly , `` i guess i forgot to call for the ball . '' 
 `` i 'm ok , honest , '' katryn smiled , stepping backwards , causing paul to release his grip on her arm . 
 `` that was a good spike ... '' the rest of the team came over to congratulate paul on his hit , and katryn moved out of the way , hoping no-one would notice the effect paul had on her . 
 tom walked over towards katryn and asked how she was . 
 `` only my ego 's hurt . 
 i think i spent more time on the floor than on my feet tonight , '' she answered lightly , relaxing . 
 tom 's face grew taut and he quickly apologized . 
 `` listen , i 'm sorry about hitting you earlier . 
 i ... '' `` tom , you do n't have to apologize . 
 i knew it was an accident . 
 no problem . 
 besides , you ought to know you ca n't hurt me by hitting me in the head . 
 it 's entirely too hard . 
 now , how about helping me get the net down ? 
 it 's almost nine . '' 
 they started to take down the nearest side of the net , and soon the others were helping , too . 
 when she started to fold up the net , katryn glanced around to see where paul was . 
 he was with julie . 
 before she could think about that , tom drew her attention . 
 `` are we going to denny 's for a coke ? '' 
 he asked as everyone gathered up coats and volleyballs . 
 `` i hope , '' she told him . 
 then , to the others she said , `` everyone 's going to denny 's for a quick coke , right ? '' 
 katryn heard julie ask paul if he were going to join them , but she was unable to hear his answer because anne came over to talk to her . 
 `` you are going to ask him to join the team , are n't you ? '' 
 anne asked sharply . 
 `` tom and ed want him on , too . 
 he plays pretty well , '' katryn answered honestly , surprised at anne 's attitude . 
 `` i 'd be happy to work with him on his sets , '' anne continued . 
 `` his spikes are fairly good . '' 
 she quickly added , `` he has his bumps down . '' 
 anne knew katryn usually only helped new players with bumping and let anne work with them on their setting . 
 by adding that paul was ok with his bumping , anne was saying , in effect , that katryn would not need to help paul at all . 
 katryn wondered if she were just imagining the testy tone in anne 's voice . 
 ken joined them , then , and added his favorable assessment of paul 's skills . 
 katryn assured them both she would ask paul to join the team , and then ken and anne walked out of the gym . 
 soon tom , ed , and mary walked over to where she was standing . 
 when mary told katryn she was all for paul , tom and ed reminded katryn that they would like him to stay , too . 
 then the three of them headed out to their cars . 
 katryn was waiting for julie and paul to stop talking so she would not have to interrupt them . 
 when the janitor walked into the gym , katryn gave up being polite . 
 `` hey , you two , the janitor 's waiting for us to leave . 
 you 'll have to talk outside or at denny 's '' katryn turned and left the gym . 
 she tried not to look cold , waiting by the car door . 
 paul walked julie to the car . 
 he held the door for her while she got in , and closed it when she was settled . 
 julie reached across the front seat and unlocked katryn 's door . 
 by the time katryn was inside , paul was there to close her door for her . 
 `` sorry we kept you waiting out in the cold . 
 i did n't realize you rode together , '' he apologized before the door slammed shut . 
 katryn rolled the window down and told him it was all right , she had n't minded at all . 
 the cold fresh air felt good after the heat and stale rank air of the gym , and volleyball , she explained . 
 he waved while julie backed out of their parking space , and katryn waved back . 
 `` is he is coming to denny 's ? '' 
 katryn asked her friend while she cranked the window back up . 
 `` he said he was , '' julie answered . 
 then she added , `` i ca n't believe i told dave i did n't want to meet this guy before . 
 katryn , he 's perfect . 
 he 's so good-looking , he 's a sweetheart , and what a gentleman ! 
 i really like him . 
 he even plays volleyball well . 
 you are going to ask him to join the team , are n't you ? '' 
 julie wanted to know . 
 katryn suddenly felt very cold . 
 she knew it had nothing to do with the freezing february air that was seeping in her window . 
 it went way too deep for that . 
 she was unable to answer , so she pretended not to hear . 
 she was relieved she was turned away from her friend while she concentrated on getting her window rolled up . 
 she did not want julie to see her face . 
 she knew it would mirror the pain she was feeling . 
 ` of course she likes him ' , katryn told herself . 
 ` wake up . 
 there 's no such thing as love at first sight anyway ' . 
 she tried to push her feelings for paul from her mind . 
 `` katryn , '' julie repeated , `` you are going to ask paul to join the team , are n't you ? '' 
 `` i am , '' katryn answered , recovering slightly . 
 `` everyone wants him . 
 even anne . 
 she 's never said one way or the other before ! '' 
 the warmth of the car was suddenly becoming almost claustrophobic . 
 `` i think she kinda ' likes paul , '' julie offered . 
 of course , katryn thought wryly . 
 does n't everyone ? 
 when katryn did n't answer , julie asked , `` do n't you think so ? '' 
 `` i suppose . 
 he does seem nice . '' 
 katryn kept her voice light when she answered . 
 `` he is nice . 
 he was pretty worried about you , by the way . 
 he even asked if i knew you well enough to know if you were really ok , what with being knocked around a couple times . 
 i told him you were fine . 
 you are , are n't you ? '' 
 katryn nodded . 
 of course she was fine . 
 physically she was only bruised . 
 emotionally she would just put herself on hold . 
 no big deal anyway , she told herself . 
 after all , she barely knew the guy . 
 she could not quite explain to herself why she felt so cold and so numb , though . 
 julie pulled into denny 's parking lot . 
 she and katryn got out of the car , and headed towards the restaurant . 
 katryn was about half way there when she realized she had forgotten her purse . 
 `` shoot . 
 how about lending me the car keys ? '' 
 she asked , turning towards her friend . 
 `` my purse is still locked in the trunk . 
 oh and there 's paul waiting at the door for you . 
 go on ahead , i 'll be right there . '' 
 julie went on towards the restaurant and katryn went back to get her purse , glad to have a moment to think things through . 
 she and julie were best friends , for heaven 's sake . 
 how had she not noticed sooner that julie liked paul ? 
 she thought back over the evening , and , in retrospect , saw all the signs . 
 julie had immediately taken over introducing paul to everyone . 
 katryn remembered how julie had taken paul for the bumping drill . 
 she looked back over the night , and she even saw all the flirting she had missed before . 
 in the end she remembered that julie and paul had been talking together well after everyone else had left the gym . 
 it appeared to katryn that paul must like julie , too . 
 katryn realized , then , that she had not seen the signs because she had been too wrapped up in paul , herself . 
 and maybe , she admitted , just maybe , she had chosen not to see the signs because they were not exactly to her liking . 
 well , it was much too late now . 
 julie had staked her claim . 
 katryn would have to back away and get used to the numb feeling that now enveloped her . 
 she got her purse from the trunk , and headed back towards the restaurant . 
 she was surprised to find paul waiting at the door to denny 's when she got there . 
 `` thank you , '' she told him when he held the outer door open . 
 `` wait a minute , katryn , '' he said while they stood between the two sets of doors . 
 he reached for her arm and turned her towards him . 
 `` julie says you want me on the team . 
 is that correct ? '' 
 `` it is , '' she answered ; glad her heavy winter coat prevented him from touching her . 
 `` it was unanimous , and that 's a first , '' she admitted . 
 `` even you ? '' 
 he asked , teasing . 
 `` you passed every test . 
 did n't even get upset when you were on the weaker team . 
 i have no reason not to take you . '' 
 `` were you looking for one ? '' 
 he wanted to know . 
 `` no , '' she answered , a little too quickly . 
 once she said it , though , she realized it was a lie . 
 she knew she had been attracted to him right from the start . 
 she saw clearly now that she had tried to come up with reasons to get him off the team . 
 it explained why she had made the teams uneven . 
 she had been hoping he would get upset and quit . 
 it was really because she was a little afraid of her feelings for him , and not because he had tried to help her after she had been hit ! 
 what a fool she was . 
 well , she would have to think about it later . 
 for now , maybe she should be glad he liked julie ; maybe it would be a whole lot easier for her ! 
 she shook herself to clear her thoughts . 
 paul , misunderstanding , apologized for keeping her out in the cold . 
 katryn went through the inner door that paul opened and headed to the back of the restaurant where her team always sat . 
 she smiled ruefully when she saw where julie was sitting . 
 two round booths were now joined with a table in the middle . 
 along the back were ken , ed , mary and tom . 
 on the right side were anne and julie . 
 that meant paul and katryn had to sit in the left circle . 
 katryn guessed that julie had purposely sat next to anne so that paul would be between julie and katryn . 
 katryn knew that julie considered her no threat . 
 they had decided years ago that no man was worth breaking up their friendship . 
 it had always been first come , first serve . 
 whoever met the guy first had first choice . 
 they trusted each other completely . 
 in ten years they had never argued over a man . 
 ` and we 'll not argue now , ' katryn told herself . 
 she hoped a pep talk would help , so she continued . 
 ` julie said she liked paul first , so he 's hers , period . 
 you 'll only talk to paul to make sure he spends less time with anne . 
 you 'll bring up julie 's name whenever you can . 
 you 'll be the ` safe ' friend julie can count on even if it kills you ! 
 remember , friends do n't ever fight over men . ' 
 she had to smile as she slid in next to ed . 
 ` a little melodramatic , do n't you think ? ' 
 she asked herself . 
 ` after all , if the time he spent with julie in the gym is any indication , your attraction for paul is only one-sided anyway ' . 
 paul sat down next to katryn , and while he was plenty close enough to julie to keep julie happy , he was far too close to katryn to make her happy . 
 she wondered if anyone would notice she was n't taking off her coat . 
 the waitress was at the table to take their orders shortly after katryn and paul were seated . 
 `` the usual ? '' 
 she asked , and katryn nodded . 
 `` i do n't know your friend , '' the waitress then mentioned to katryn . 
 `` is he new ? '' 
 she winked , knowing he was . 
 she knew the team well , having waited on them after their volleyball practices for the last year . 
 she had known they were looking for a new guy . 
 `` he is . 
 this is paul . 
 paul , this is denise . '' 
 katryn introduced the waitress to him before adding , `` and , if he 'll accept , we 're hoping he 'll join our team . '' 
 `` that 's right , paul . 
 we 'd like to have you on our team , '' tom added . 
 paul looked at tom , wondering what that cost him , only half listening while the rest of the team asked him to stay , too . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'll be glad to stay . 
 by the way , what 's our team 's name ? '' 
 `` the ever readys , '' julie said , laughing . 
 `` like the battery that never quits . '' 
 `` it really means we need re-charged after every game , '' ed told him . 
 `` some of us are too old for this . '' 
 they laughed at ed 's joke . 
 ed , at 28 , was the youngest person on the team . 
 the others ranged in age from ken , who was 30 , to tom , who was 42 . 
 `` we really only need re-charged after practice , '' tom amended . 
 `` katryn 's quite the slave driver , you 'll soon find out . '' 
 when the laughter died down , the waitress took their orders then left . 
 `` how long has this team been together ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` i joined about five years ago , '' tom answered . 
 `` same time you did , right ken ? '' 
 ken nodded and tom continued . 
 `` mary and anne joined a while after that . 
 ed 's been here a year , now . 
 julie , you started when ken and i did , and then quit for awhile , right ? 
 and you 've been back for about a year this time ? '' 
 `` that 's right , '' julie agreed . 
 `` and you , katryn , how long have you been an ever ready ? '' 
 paul wanted to know . 
 `` forever , i think , '' katryn told him , hoping to change the subject . 
 `` katryn started this team , '' tom told paul . 
 `` she quit the team she was on at the time and started this one . '' 
 paul appeared surprised to hear that . 
 `` you quit a team ? '' 
 he turned to ask her . 
 `` why ? '' 
 katryn did not want to go into why she had left the previous team , so she just shrugged . 
 `` no one wanted me ? '' 
 she teased , shrugging her shoulders . 
 the waitress saved her , interrupting when she handed them their drinks . 
 then the conversation changed quickly . 
 julie wanted to know more about paul . 
 katryn was quite sure most of the others , wanted to , too , and he readily obliged . 
 they found out he was in upper management at the transit center , having worked his way up from driver . 
 he admitted to being 38 and still single , and when anne asked how he managed that , he laughed and told her he had never found anyone who would have him . 
 though not one person at the table could quite believe that , everyone laughed anyway . 
 when paul 's third degree was over , he turned the tables on the others and found out more about his new teammates . 
 katryn was able to find out little things she had not known before . 
 she had known that ed was a disc jockey , tom was the director of the museum , ken drove 18 wheelers , anne and mary were nurses , julie was a teacher , and katryn owned her own book store . 
 now they all knew that mary , the only one on the team who was married had two boys who were six and four . 
 they found out that anne , like katryn and julie , was divorced , ed was a bachelor and ken had a three year old son who lived with his ex-girlfriend . 
 katryn did not know a lot about the personal lives of her team-mates . 
 she had always felt it was prying to ask certain questions , believing that others would offer what information they wanted to share . 
 she really only knew julie and tom very well , considering them both to be close friends . 
 sports had drawn the team together , and usually they discussed sports , or life in general , when they went for a coke . 
 she enjoyed getting those personal glimpses of the rest of the team , and wondered if they , too , felt just a little closer to each other now . 
 `` and you , katryn ? '' 
 paul interrupted her thoughts . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 she should not have been caught off-guard . 
 it was just that she forgot he might want to know a little more about her . 
 `` oh , there 's not much to tell , '' katryn answered . 
 `` all right . 
 name , rank , and serial number , '' he ordered with a smile . 
 `` katryn delaney , coach , 9911625 . '' 
 `` i give , '' paul conceded . 
 `` what 's 9911625 ? '' 
 `` no , do n't encourage her , '' tom 's warning came too late . 
 he groaned with the others when katryn answered . 
 `` upc code for cheerios . 
 my cereal number . '' 
 `` now you 've done it , paul . 
 we 'll probably get nothing but sick jokes the rest of the night , '' ed chastised him . 
 `` i 'm crushed . 
 i think i 'll just make like a tree and leaf , '' katryn said pretending to be offended . 
 the others groaned again . 
 `` better stay , '' tom offered , `` so we can get to the root of your problem . '' 
 `` no , it 's probably time for me to be branching out into other sports , '' katryn rejoined amid continued moans from her team-mates . 
 `` i think you 'd be barking up the wrong tree , there , '' paul answered , joining in the fun . 
 `` oh , no ! 
 not you , too ? '' 
 julie said , smiling coquettishly at paul . 
 `` now see what you 've done , katryn , you 've corrupted him already ! '' 
 `` he seemed a bit shady from the start , '' katryn offered . 
 `` stop . 
 have you no mercy ? '' 
 mary asked , and the tree puns slowly died down . 
 though paul had immediately noticed that katryn had managed to not give out much information about her , he ignored it . 
 he decided to let it go for now . 
 instead , he found julie was trying fairly hard to keep his attention on her . 
 he concentrated on julie and anne who vied for his attention , and was still able to overhear bits and pieces of katryn 's conversation . 
 with the little he caught , he knew katryn , tom and ken were discussing volleyball strategy . 
 at one point he overheard tom reminding katryn that she should be working with the newest member of the team . 
 he was unable to hear more , however , because anne asked him still another question . 
 knowing that katryn , tom , and ken must be discussing him , he never-the-less regretfully turned his attention to anne . 
 `` tom , '' katryn said quietly , hoping paul would n't hear , `` i just think someone else would work better with him . '' 
 `` but you worked with john , '' ken interjected . 
 `` and , since john left , you need to take the new man . 
 if you do n't work with paul , it 'll mean two teams start over . '' 
 `` oh , come on , ken . 
 i 've worked with all of you before , so it would n't be that bad . '' 
 turning to tom she asked lightly , `` you would n't mind giving up anne for me , would you ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' tom answered , smiling wryly and shaking his head . 
 `` but ken 's right , katryn , you could work with me , and there 'd be no problem with us . 
 paul 's new , though , and he needs to learn to work with the whole team . 
 you 're the coach , and you need to break him in right . 
 then trade off next season , if you want , '' he added knowingly . 
 `` you sure it is n't just that you do n't want to give up anne 's great sets for mine ? '' 
 she asked , realizing she had lost , but trying to keep it light . 
 `` she is one fine setter ... '' tom answered , smiling . 
 `` i 'm crushed yet again . 
 maybe i should make like a tree ... '' `` no , '' ken begged , `` not again . '' 
 the three of them shared a laugh , and were soon discussing how they would do in the league . 
 after all , the ` new man ' was fitting in much better than they had ever expected . 
 at about ten thirty , katryn signaled julie that she wanted to go . 
 julie nodded that she , too , was ready to leave . 
 after they said their goodbyes , tom offered to walk them to their car . 
 katryn saw the look that crossed julie 's face and guessed her friend was disappointed that paul had not offered . 
 katryn knew julie well enough to know she was probably also a little bothered because not only was paul staying , but anne was staying with him . 
 when they got to julie 's light gray dodge 600 , katryn realized she still had julie 's keys . 
 she carried the keys to julie 's side , and then she and tom walked to the passenger side . 
 when julie got in and quickly shut the door against a cold february wind , tom and katryn started around the back of the car . 
 tom stopped katryn when they got near her door . 
 `` katryn , if you need a friend to talk to , ever , you can ask anytime . 
 ok ? '' 
 `` what makes you think ... '' she stammered , startled . 
 `` i mean , i 'm ok ... '' she stopped herself . 
 then , looking at tom quizzically , she answered , `` thanks . 
 i might just take you up on that . '' 
 `` anytime , katryn . 
 i mean it . '' 
 she nodded . 
 tom reached for the door and held it open for her . 
 saying goodbye to both of the women , he closed the door , waiting until julie began to back out of her parking space before he walked away . 
 paul , watching through the huge restaurant windows , wondered idly what tom had said to katryn that he obviously had not wanted julie to hear . 
 then anne brought him back into the conversation at the table . 
 paul took the opportunity to get to know his teammates a little better . 
 all the way home , katryn heard how wonderful paul was . 
 it was obvious that julie was more than a little taken with him . 
 `` katryn , about saturday ... '' `` no problem , julie . 
 if you get another offer , the boys and i will understand . 
 we 'll be going roller-skating either way , so , if you can join us fine . 
 otherwise , have a really good time with paul ... or whoever , '' katryn teased . 
 `` thanks . 
 you know i enjoy our nights out roller-skating ... '' `` but paul might be a more fun date ? 
 i 'm sure i ca n't see how anyone would prefer paul to the boys and me , but i guess i 'll get over it , '' katryn remarked . 
 julie thanked her again as they pulled in the driveway . 
 katryn went into the house and was relieved the boys were asleep and audrey had her own car to drive home in . 
 katryn lay quietly in bed re-hashing the events of the evening . 
 giving herself another pep talk , she reminded herself , again , that she and julie were too close to let a man come between them . 
 ` friends do n't fight over men , ' she reminded herself . 
 while acknowledging the physical attraction she felt for paul , she decided her best bet was to try to forget any feelings she was beginning to have for him . 
 julie had said she was interested in paul first , and katryn would back out . 
 after all , there had been men she had been attracted to before that were not available to her . 
 granted , none had ever affected her this strongly before , but she would get over this one , too . 
 ` besides , ' she reminded herself , ` julie 's average is about three months with a guy . 
 surely i can put up with the situation that long . 
 and , hopefully , after they die down , paul will quit the team . 
 then all would be fine , ' she assured herself . 
 before she finally fell asleep , resolving not to allow paul to get to her at all , she fleetingly wondered if , and then how , tom could have so easily figured out her predicament . 
 ` good old tom , ' she thought , drifting off to sleep . 
 ` he 's been a pretty good friend these past few years . 
 i can really consider myself lucky to have both tom and julie for friends . ' 
 katryn got up at six . 
 no matter how late her evenings were , or what day of the week it was , she invariably awoke at 6:00 . 
 she stood surveying herself in the full-length mirror in her bedroom . 
 the dark blue slacks fit her slender frame nicely . 
 she tucked in the baby blue silk blouse and shrugged on a dark blue blazer . 
 she pulled her long thick blonde hair out and over her collar to fall softly curled around her shoulders . 
 katryn again thought of paul and julie . 
 thinking of paul with julie was not easy , however . 
 rehashing last night did not seem to lighten the sting at all , katryn realized . 
 she stared at her reflection in the mirror . 
 while katryn would have been hard pressed to find an extra three pounds anywhere on her slender , well-rounded frame , julie was very small and very petite . 
 often katryn , at 5 ' 7 '' , found herself feeling huge in comparison , wondering how any man could ever even notice her with julie around . 
 while critiquing the figure in the mirror , she started to smile . 
 ` no , katryn delaney , you 've really nothing to be embarrassed about , ' she decided . 
 ` but neither do you have enough to be conceited about . 
 and it did seem that paul liked petite better ! ' 
 glancing at her watch , she was surprised at how late it was . 
 she gave her hair a final brush through and went downstairs to fix breakfast . 
 `` hi , mom , '' ryan greeted her . 
 `` you 're late this morning . '' 
 `` maybe you 're just a bit early , '' she teased . 
 `` is timmy up , yet ? '' 
 `` he just got in the tub . 
 how was your practice ? 
 did the new guy show up ? 
 what 's he like ? '' 
 `` he plays really well , and it looks like he 'll fit in fine . 
 i even think julie kinda ' likes him . '' 
 `` oh . 
 then he 's not someone you 'll date , '' ryan said dejectedly . 
 `` ` fraid not , buster . 
 but then , i only wanted a teammate anyway ! 
 now , how about setting the table ? '' 
 katryn had the grapefruit sectioned , the marmalade on the table , and was almost finished with the hot cereal when timmy finally joined them . 
 two pieces of toast popped up from the toaster , and ryan buttered them while he waited for his mom to serve the oatmeal . 
 `` what 's the new guy like ? '' 
 `` a good player . 
 we 'll keep him , '' she told her other son . 
 she watched ryan slowly shake his head , and his brother nodded that he understood . 
 chapter 3 katryn mused about her two sons while she poured cereal into three bowls . 
 they were eight years old . 
 twins . 
 but not even a little bit alike . 
 ryan , fair-haired with a light complexion , looked more like his mother . 
 he was happy-go-lucky and took life easy . 
 timmy , while also being blue-eyed , had a darker complexion and dark brown hair . 
 he got his coloring from his father . 
 he also appeared to have gotten more of his father 's temperament , katryn often thought . 
 timmy had taken life entirely too seriously seemingly from birth . 
 ryan was cute , full of smiles , and all the women seemed to fall for him as soon as he flashed his big blue eyes . 
 timmy was a good-looking boy , not cute , who smiled much less often and got along better with men - especially men who considered ryan 's happy-go-lucky ways a bit immature . 
 even the way they played sports showed their differences . 
 ryan played soccer socially . 
 he did not care if they won or lost . 
 in fact , occasionally he would be too busy talking , even during games , to notice when the ball was coming towards him . 
 timmy played to win . 
 he took games , and even practices , seriously . 
 ryan 's easy-going manner sometimes infuriated his brother during soccer games . 
 katryn wondered , again , how two boys , born together and raised together , could be so dissimilar . 
 but while they were so different about every other aspect of their lives , her sons shared one wish . 
 they both hoped that their mother would someday remarry so they would have a father . 
 they knew little about their real father . 
 not much more than the fact that he had been killed in a car accident when they were six months old . 
 but they knew for sure they would like a new one . 
 when breakfast was over , timmy cleared the table while his mother put the dishes in the dishwasher . 
 the three of them ended up in the living room where katryn read a few pages from the giving tree . 
 at a little after eight they headed out to the car . 
 katryn dropped the boys off at pasadena park primary , and then headed downtown to go to work . 
 she would have readily admitted to anyone who asked , though , that she could hardly consider it work . 
 while her social life might be shot right now , her professional life was doing quite well , thank you . 
 she pulled into the familiar parking space at the flour mill , and sat in her car an extra minute or two . 
 she admired the beautiful wooden building that housed her store . 
 the flour mill had originally been just that , an old flour mill . 
 when spokane prepared for the 1974 world 's fair , the flour mill went through a miraculous metamorphosis . 
 it was now a beautiful old wooden building comprised of four floors of shops and restaurants . 
 one could spend an entire day and probably not see everything . 
 the treasure chest held scottish and irish treasures hard to find anywhere else in spokane . 
 there was a shop where birkenstock shoes and leather goods could be purchased . 
 in other shops , hand blown glass figurines were made while you watched . 
 dishes , spices , kitchen utensils , and cookbooks could be found . 
 pipes and tobacco of all kinds were sold . 
 there were clothing stores , toy stores , and stores selling every possible ` collectible ' you could want . 
 katryn believed a little of everything could be found at the flour mill . 
 and if one grew hungry , why there were choices galore there , too . 
 an ice cream parlor , a chocolate shop , and even a fresh baked cookie store . 
 the flour mill also housed a pizza parlor , a restaurant offering real thai food , and of course , clinkerdaggers , bikkerstaff and pitts . 
 ` clinkerdaggers ' , as it was usually referred to , was an inviting restaurant with a view of the spokane river 's falls . 
 the waiters and waitresses wore authentic old english costumes , and the menus were old english , also . 
 it was well known throughout the area for its delicious food . 
 katryn was very proud to be part of the family of flour mill stores . 
 katryn 's books had been at the flour mill for almost seven years now . 
 a small inheritance from her grandfather had given her enough capital to open the store . 
 it had been a pretty big gamble at the time . 
 katryn had debated for months whether she should chance buying the store or keep the money for a safety net for the boys and her . 
 her husband 's insurance had paid for their home with a little left in savings . 
 she was making just barely livable wages at crystal laundry where she was working as a mangle operator , and she worried about what would happen if the store did not make it . 
 deciding finally , that if the store failed , she would none-the-less be no worse off than before the inheritance , she decided to go for the store . 
 after all , even if it did go bust , she would always be able to look back and say she at least tried . 
 so , with a little fanfare from her closest friends , julie among them , katryn had opened her store on march 17th almost seven years ago . 
 she had picked the 17th on purpose . 
 being irish , she had hoped opening on st. pat 's day would give her a little extra luck . 
 and it seemed to have done just that . 
 turning the key in the lock , katryn again could hardly believe how lucky she had been . 
 the store had done better than she had dreamed possible . 
 she had been able to put back the equivalent to her inheritance , and was able to live comfortably from the store . 
 it seemed the store was at a perfect location . 
 not only was it visited frequently by many other of the flour mill 's inhabitants , but it also attracted a fairly large clientele from the outside . 
 katryn could never quite believe she was making a living doing something she loved so much . 
 books had always been a major part of her life , starting way back in her childhood when her mother read to her . 
 her mother had tried to make katryn feel a part of every book she read . 
 she asked her daughter to imagine soaring like the birds , feeling the wind beneath her wings . 
 katryn had been encouraged to swim with the fish , run with the wolves , and fly with the eagles in her mind . 
 katryn now encouraged her sons to likewise experience each book she read them . 
 and she read to them often from her modest library . 
 ` surely you could ask no more from life than a job you truly love ' , katryn thought . 
 and she knew she owed a lot to her mother . 
 she reminded herself to thank her mother again , next time she called , for teaching her how to love books . 
 `` mornin ' katryn . 
 you 're early . '' 
 joe smiled at her while he half-teasingly admonished her . 
 the rest of the flour mill opened at 9:30 , but katryn , as usual , had her doors open well before nine . 
 `` i wanted you to have plenty of time to browse , '' she answered lightly . 
 joe nodded and made his way into the store . 
 as she knew he would , he headed straight towards the used book section in the northwest corner of the store . 
 joe started through the swinging doors , and paused for just a moment to look up at the beautifully hand-carved wooden sign that hung above him . 
 joe and the missus it proclaimed proudly . 
 katryn swallowed around a small lump in her throat , and she thought back to how the used book area had come to be . 
 katryn had first met joe shortly after her store had opened . 
 he was the building 's main custodian at the time , and he loved to read . 
 on his days off , he and his wife would both come into katryn 's store to pick out books . 
 joe loved westerns , and his wife , whom he always called ` the missus ' read romance . 
 joe would tease his wife about reading ` those silly love stories ' , so katryn and the missus would counter that westerns were just men 's romance stories . 
 joe always pretended to be horrified at the thought , and the good natured teasing would continue until they each had a few books to take home . 
 after a year or so , joe and his wife approached katryn about a used book section . 
 they had hundreds of used books , they explained , and they wanted them to be of some use . 
 if katryn could use them , they would give all the books to her . 
 at first katryn was not all that sure she wanted to get into used books , but they talked her into it . 
 joe even remodeled the corner of the store into a room with a western look . 
 then he built the swinging doors for it . 
 the used book section became quite popular , and did n't seem to take away from her regular sales . 
 katryn remembered the only ` difficulty ' the used book store had caused . 
 katryn knew she owed joe and the missus for the idea , along with the first books she had for the used section . 
 when other customers brought books in , katryn had offered her friends unlimited use of the books . 
 joe had been offended when she said she would not charge them . 
 after all , he had told her , that had not been their idea when they had given her their books . 
 it had taken katryn weeks to finally convince them she owed it to them - weeks , and the threat she would never order another western if he argued further . 
 eventually , she was even able to convince him she would never have had that part of her store without him . 
 he may not have agreed , but he finally accepted the used books for free . 
 joe and the missus had been childless , and over the years , they became the only family katryn and her boys had in spokane . 
 on holidays , the two families exchanged gifts , and shared family dinners . 
 all katryn 's relatives lived back east . 
 she had neither the money , nor the time , to take the boys back to visit but one time since her husband had died . 
 so ryan and timmy grew up with joe and the missus being the only grandparents they really knew . 
 katryn was sure her boys could not have gotten more love and attention from their real grandparents . 
 about three years ago , joe retired , and he and the missus spent a year and a half traveling . 
 every trip they brought back things for the boys , and katryn tried to always have plenty of new westerns and romance stories for them to stock up on for their next trip . 
 then , a little over a year ago , the missus had died in her sleep . 
 it had been totally unexpected as she had seemed very healthy . 
 suddenly , all the free time that joe had enjoyed became too much for him . 
 he needed something to do . 
 the flour mill was happy to hire him back even though he only wanted a part-time job , and katryn was especially glad he had found a way to fill a few of the lonely hours . 
 he seemed so lost without the missus . 
 it had also been hard on ryan and timmy . 
 they lost the only grandmother they ever really knew . 
 luckily , joe took up some of the slack . 
 he became a bigger part of their family , and he spent a greater amount of time with the boys . 
 he even started going to their soccer games on saturdays when they played , and was waiting for their games to start again this spring . 
 still , they all missed the missus . 
 katryn decided to have the sign made for the used book section , and hung it there just a few months ago . 
 she was anxious that first morning , wondering what joe would think of it . 
 she had opened earlier than usual , hoping he would be in before anyone else . 
 he had not disappointed her . 
 he was there earlier than ever , almost as if he knew . 
 when he saw the sign , though , katryn was sure he was surprised . 
 with tears in his eyes , he had come back to the front of the store to hug katryn . 
 they cried , some , and talked a little more about the missus . 
 joe thanked katryn for helping to keep her memory alive . 
 the customers who had known joe and the missus , some of whom had become katryn 's customers because of joe and the missus , thanked her , too . 
 every tuesday and thursday katryn knew joe would be by to visit her before work , and he would pause , just for a moment , to look up at the sign before he went into the used book section . 
 katryn 's reverie was interrupted when some other people who worked at the flour mill came by , glad to see her open early . 
 janet needed ideas for a game for her seven year old nephew , and katryn pointed out a couple different ones timmy and ryan especially liked . 
 she mentally gave herself one more pat on the back for adding games this last year , and then went over to help another customer . 
 the woman wanted books her 14 year old daughter would like . 
 katryn directed her to that section of books , mentioned l. m. montgomery , the author of anne of green gables , who had numerous other books that seemed to be pretty popular with young ladies , and then left her alone to choose what she wanted . 
 the morning sped by with more customers than was usual for a tuesday . 
 katryn spent all her free time working on last week 's paperwork . 
 she saved the numbers work for tuesday 's since they were usually her slowest day . 
 luckily her desk was right up front , part of the corner by the counter , so she could work and still be available to answer questions or ring up sales . 
 dottie , who came in to cover for katryn 's lunch hour , would probably be happy to work extra , katryn knew , so she did not mind that she had not gotten very far on the paperwork . 
 she was turned away from the door , straightening a stack of books , when she heard a vaguely familiar voice . 
 `` do you have any books that would be good for a ten year old boy ? '' 
 `` do you know what ... '' she started to ask , turning . 
 paul was not three feet from her , smiling that same warm smile . 
 her heart , in spite of her resolve , flipped a time or two then sped up noticeably before she could even speak . 
 `` hello , katryn . 
 how are you doing this morning ? 
 stiff and sore after last night ? '' 
 he asked , smiling . 
 blushing brightly , worried about how her customer 's might interpret that remark , katryn quickly stammered out her answer . 
 `` i 'm fine ... i told you i was ok ... tom did n't hurt me when he hit me ... i mean ... '' realizing she had made it sound even worse , she stopped . 
 seeing paul 's smile widen , katryn forced herself to take a quick breath and calm down before she tried again . 
 `` getting knocked down at practice is n't a big deal . 
 i do n't think there 's any sport you play where you do n't get hurt once in a while . 
 i 'm fine , though . 
 thanks for asking . 
 what brings you here ? 
 surely you were n't that worried i was hurt , '' she asked , hoping to change the subject . 
 `` as a matter of fact , a few reasons . 
 first , i did want to make sure you 're ok . 
 i have a feeling that you 're not the type that tends to let others know when you are really hurt . 
 i do have to admit , though , that you look just fine to me , '' she was sure she saw just a flicker of amusement in his eyes before he continued . 
 `` next , i really do need to purchase something for my soon-to-be 10yr old nephew . 
 any suggestions ? '' 
 `` well , do you have any idea where his interests lie ? 
 is he into star trek or star wars ? 
 does he have any hobbies ? '' 
 paul thought for a moment , and then admitted he was not sure . 
 his nephew , he explained , lived in wyoming and paul saw little of him . 
 `` does he play any sports ? '' 
 katryn asked next . 
 `` yes . 
 he plays basketball and soccer , '' paul appeared relieved he had known that much , at least , about his nephew . 
 `` great , i 've just the book , '' katryn turned to show him where the book was , and then noticed a customer waiting at the register . 
 `` it 's halfway down the middle aisle on the left . 
 give me a minute and i 'll come help you . '' 
 katryn pointed paul towards a section of books , and then went back to the cash register to help other customers . 
 it seemed everyone found what they wanted at once , and katryn spent the next 15 minutes ringing up sales . 
 when she was finally free , she looked up to see paul standing a few feet away , watching her . 
 she was amazed that she could have forgotten about him for even a moment ! 
 `` you could n't find the book ? '' 
 katryn asked , seeing his hands were empty . 
 `` i was n't sure just where it was , '' he told her , smiling that heart-stopping smile of his . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's just to the left , where i pointed . '' 
 katryn headed back to the sports section , looked at the left side of the aisle and spotted the book . 
 `` there it is , '' she told him a little triumphantly , because she had been right . 
 on tiptoes and stretching , she was still a bit short of reaching the book which was , of course , perched on the top shelf . 
 paul placed his hand on her shoulder and she lowered herself back to the floor . 
 `` if you 'll just tell me which one you want , i 'll get it down , '' he told her . 
 through the soft silk of her blouse , katryn could feel the heat from paul 's hand . 
 she now wished she had never taken her blazer off , no matter how warm she had been earlier . 
 it might have sounded odd to anyone else , but with the blazer off , katryn was now many degrees warmer than when the blazer was on , earlier ! 
 `` why that one ... the foot one , '' she barely got out , a little flustered by his touch . 
 `` the foot one , '' paul repeated , obviously not seeing it . 
 `` i mean best foot forward , '' she finally got out . 
 while paul reached for the book , katryn lectured herself again about acting like a school girl . 
 it took only a moment before she had herself under control . 
 it did not hurt , of course , that paul had released his hold on her shoulder when he reached for the book . 
 when paul handed the book to katryn , he noticed her face turning red . 
 `` i forgot to tell you the name of the book when i sent you back here . 
 that 's why you could n't find it , '' she explained more to herself than to him . 
 `` true , '' he told her . 
 `` i thought maybe you were trying to get rid of me . '' 
 if it had n't been for the twinkle in his eyes , she might have felt guilty and would have quickly assured him that was not the case . 
 she realized he was teasing , though . 
 `` sorry i left you for so long . 
 i got busy . '' 
 `` are you the only one in the store ? '' 
 paul wanted to know . 
 `` as a matter of fact , i 'm usually alone every morning . 
 dottie comes in to spell me for lunch , and if it 's really busy , she 's happy to stay . 
 most mornings are slow , though , and tuesdays especially so . 
 i had n't expected this many people today . 
 not that i mind the business ! '' 
 she added . 
 `` you seem to know a lot of the customers by name , '' he told her . 
 `` there 's a lot of repeat business in any book store , '' she admitted , surprised that paul had noticed . 
 `` i decided from the start i 'd try to get to know all of the regulars that i could . 
 it seemed the least i could do if they were going to spend their hard-earned money in my store . 
 besides , once i get to know them , i have a better idea what books they might like to read . 
 i know what to look for when i put in my next order . '' 
 afraid that she might be boring him , she changed the subject . 
 `` by the way , let me tell you a little about this book . 
 since your nephew plays soccer , he really should enjoy this book . 
 the main character is a football star . 
 i believe he 's in high school , but he might be in junior high . 
 i have to admit i have n't read it in awhile . 
 anyway , through a freak accident he loses one arm , and his football career is ended . 
 eventually the soccer coaches , and players , convince him to try soccer where , of course , being one-armed is not a hindrance , and he does fairly well . 
 it 's a really good book that boys like . 
 it even has a moral hidden inside , '' she told him quite enthusiastically . 
 `` do you read a lot ? '' 
 he asked , impressed . 
 `` have you read all of these ? '' 
 he asked , sweeping his arm to encompass the store . 
 `` i do read a lot , '' she admitted , smiling . 
 `` however , i doubt i 've read even as much as 1 percent of what 's here . 
 not that i would n't like to , '' she added . 
 `` how did you happen to come upon this book ? '' 
 `` i have boys who play soccer . 
 i read it to them last year . '' 
 she saw his eyebrows rise almost imperceptibly . 
 ` no ' , she thought , ` you do n't know much about me at all . 
 and i know next to nothing about you . 
 hopefully it 'll stay that way . ' 
 katryn glanced around the store and saw two more customers at the register . 
 she excused herself again and went to wait on them . 
 one purchased a book , the other wanted suggestions on games for her grandchildren . 
 katryn took some time helping mrs. shoemaker . 
 they decided on candy land for the six year old and sorry for the eight year old . 
 `` what about that game for my 16 yr . 
 old granddaughter ? 
 she 's pretty mature for her age , and quite smart , '' mrs. shoemaker asked , pointing to a game almost hidden at the bottom of the stack . 
 `` mrs. shoemaker , i honestly do n't think that would be too good . 
 i played that once , and it 's pretty suggestive . 
 it was even embarrassing to some of the adults who played . '' 
 `` oh , thank you for warning me . 
 i would n't want her mother upset with me , you know . 
 so , you must have at least one suggestion , then , do n't you katryn ? '' 
 katryn chuckled . 
 `` i do . 
 especially if she likes thinking games . 
 balderdash is a lot of fun , even though it takes a little brain power . 
 i think she and her friends will really enjoy it . '' 
 mrs. shoemaker took the three games katryn had suggested , thanking her again for her help when she left the store . 
 paul had watched katryn . 
 `` i gather you like games , too , '' he asked , when they were alone , again . 
 `` i do . 
 i played a lot of them growing up . 
 i have five brothers and sisters , and we all love games . 
 i also play a lot when i get together with friends . 
 and , of course , my boys and i play . '' 
 `` how old are all these boys you have ? '' 
 paul asked light heartedly . 
 `` eight , '' she answered simply , smiling . 
 expecting more than one age , after all she had said boys , he was surprised when she stopped there . 
 he wondered if she had misunderstood his question . 
 a thought occurred to him . 
 incredulous , he had to ask . 
 `` you do n't mean to say you have eight boys , do you ? '' 
 `` no , '' she smiled . 
 `` i have two boys . 
 twins . 
 they 're eight years old . '' 
 `` phew . 
 for a minute there , i was worried . 
 i thought you had eight boys . 
 that would be a lot for any man to win over in order to date you ! '' 
 changing gears as quickly as she could , her face perceptibly redder , katryn changed the subject . 
 `` was there anything else i can help you with ? 
 for your nephew , i mean , '' she pointed at the book he carried . 
 `` not for my nephew , but for me . 
 how about lunch ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid i ca n't right now . '' 
 `` what time does dottie come in ? '' 
 he asked , remembering what she had said earlier . 
 katryn wished now that she had not told him . 
 `` she 's usually here by 12:30 . 
 but surely your lunch hour will be up by then , '' she offered lamely . 
 `` as a matter of fact , i usually dine here at noon . 
 at least on tuesday 's . '' 
 seeing the disbelief in her eyes , he added , `` i have a standing 12:00 lunch time on tuesdays . 
 clinkerdagger 's holds my table for me . 
 `` it 's almost 12 , now , '' she pointed out , a large part of her hoping he would leave , while a small part of her hoped he might stay . 
 `` true . 
 i 'll just have them hold it ` till 12:30 . 
 may i use your phone ? '' 
 `` i ca n't leave here until at least 12:30 , paul . 
 your lunch hour will be pretty much shot . '' 
 `` i 'll stay at work a little later this evening , then , katryn , '' he said with a wry smile . 
 `` i do n't punch a clock , and my time 's my own . 
 there 's been a time or two i 've gotten no lunch at all , so i assure you no-one will care . 
 that is , of course , unless you care . 
 are you trying to get out of having lunch with me ? '' 
 he asked lightly . 
 he watched her closely while she answered , and noticed she did not look at him . 
 `` well , no ... not exactly . 
 it 's just ... just that i did n't want to ... i was afraid you 'd run out of time ... '' `` i just want to find out a little more about the team , '' he offered , hoping to distract her . 
 `` do you practice other days than monday , for instance ? '' 
 relaxing just a little , and sounding too relieved to suit him , she answered . 
 `` oh , i guess i did n't explain much about the team after all . 
 well , if you still want me to have lunch with you ... '' `` i do . '' 
 `` i 'll come over to clinkerdagger 's when dottie arrives . '' 
 ` please make him go ! ' 
 she begged the fates . 
 `` all right , it 's a deal . 
 but first i 'd better pay for this , do n't you think ? '' 
 he laid the book on the counter . 
 katryn rang up the book and bagged it for him . 
 paul took the change she handed him , reminded her he would be waiting at the restaurant , and then finally left . 
 katryn was glad that , at the moment , there were no other customers in the store . 
 dealing with paul had been harder than she would have ever imagined it could be . 
 while part of her was relieved to know he was not interested in her , was only interested in the team , that other traitorous part of her was very disappointed . 
 she wondered how she would manage to keep that part of herself locked up during lunch , let alone the entire 8 week volley ball season ! 
 reminding herself one last time that he merely wanted to discuss volleyball , she forced herself to turn back to her last week 's sales totals . 
 she never again had a moment to herself . 
 it seemed everyone wanted a book , and rushed in during their lunch hour to get it . 
 there had been only one she did not have in stock , luckily , since it took a bit of time to look up and then write down all the information necessary to order a book . 
 katryn had three customers in line when dottie rushed in . 
 `` i 'm so sorry i 'm late , katryn . 
 i missed the bus and had to wait for the next one . 
 would n't you know it 'd be busy today , '' she said rushing past the checkout counter on her way to the storeroom . 
 locking up her coat and purse , and looking slightly askance , dottie hurried back to the front of the store . 
 she helped someone find the book he wanted and came back to the register while katryn handed change to the last of her three customers . 
 the gentleman dottie helped was the last in the store , and in just a few minutes his purchase was taken care of , too . 
 `` are you famished ? 
 were you afraid i 'd forgotten to come ? '' 
 dottie asked nervously . 
 `` no , not at all . 
 in fact , i had n't even noticed the time . '' 
 glancing at her watch , katryn groaned . 
 `` it 's after 1:00 . '' 
 then , catching herself , she told dottie , `` i guess i am hungry . 
 can you hold the fort for a little while ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 you go take an extra-long lunch and i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` i 'll be at clinkerdagger 's . '' 
 katryn said over her shoulder . 
 she looked up and saw paul standing just outside the door . 
 realizing she had kept him too long already , she decided against going to the back room to freshen up . 
 she grabbed her blazer , and just hoped she did n't look too wrinkled . 
 slipping her blazer on , she said goodbye to dottie , who was staring at the tall , good-looking gentleman waiting for katryn . 
 chapter 4 paul waited until she got out of the door before he offered her his arm . 
 she took the proffered arm , enjoying the feel of the thick tweed jacket he wore , and started to apologize . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , paul . 
 dottie was a little late . '' 
 `` a little late ? '' 
 he mocked , lifting his right eyebrow . 
 `` well , probably a lot late . 
 but it 's never mattered before whether she came at 12:30 or 1:00 . 
 only that she be here around lunch time . 
 it just so happens that the bus usually gets her here at 12:20 on the dot . 
 i am sorry about your lunch . 
 did you eat anyway ? '' 
 ` i hope . ' 
 she added quickly to herself . 
 `` no . 
 i thought perhaps something had come up , so i 've just been waiting . 
 they 're holding the table for us . 
 have been for ... '' he looked at this watch , `` about an hour now . '' 
 `` an hour ? 
 how long were you waiting by the door ? '' 
 `` about an hour . 
 i decided i 'd better not give you a chance to get lost , '' he teased . 
 she had no answer for that . 
 had she had the chance , had she thought about it , she just might have run out . 
 sure enough , clinkerdagger 's was still holding a table for paul . 
 he pulled out katryn 's chair and seated her before settling in the chair across from her . 
 katryn quickly gave herself a pep talk . 
 ` remember , we 're here to discuss volleyball . 
 he 's julie 's boyfriend . 
 oh no , how will i explain this to julie ? ' 
 she worried . 
 she knew she would have to phrase her explanation just right , or julie would be very upset . 
 ` think volleyball . ' 
 she admonished herself again when the waitress handed them menus . 
 ` worry about julie later . ' 
 `` do you like fish ? '' 
 paul asked her . 
 she nodded . 
 `` they have fantastic fish here . 
 have you ever tried their catfish ? '' 
 when katryn admitted she had not , paul talked her into trying some . 
 the waitress came back and took their orders , and soon katryn had a glass of ice tea and a small spinach salad in front of her . 
 when the salads were finished , paul started to question katryn about the volleyball team . 
 though it was obvious to him that katryn was a little uneasy about being at lunch with him , he found she softened , a little , when discussing the team . 
 `` by the way , i overheard you saying something about working in pairs . 
 what does that mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 katryn had suspected paul had overheard that much of the conversation she had had with tom and ken . 
 she hoped he had not heard much more . 
 `` our team practices in pairs . 
 for instance , tom and anne are a pair . 
 anne plays to tom 's right so she can do most of her setting to him . 
 tom , then , gets used to how anne sets . 
 anne practices setting where tom wants so tom , hopefully , gets better spikes that way . '' 
 `` i 'm replacing someone who quit , i take it ? '' 
 `` he did n't exactly quit , but yes , you 're replacing him , '' katryn admitted . 
 `` he did n't fit in at all and i finally had to ask him to leave , '' she explained , a little embarrassed . 
 `` not a very pleasant chore , i suspect . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 katryn 's face mirrored the distasteful memory . 
 `` it was surprising to all of us , how angry he became . 
 the entire time he was on our team , he had seemed to hate us all - especially me . 
 i thought he 'd be glad to be off the hook , free to find another team . 
 instead he became ... unpleasant . '' 
 paul guessed that was an understatement by what he saw in her eyes . 
 he decided he would have to find out more about that later . 
 `` who was this guy paired with ? '' 
 he asked , changing the subject slightly . 
 katryn looked down at her empty salad plate . 
 `` me . '' 
 `` so does this mean i 'm to be paired with you , then ? '' 
 he asked , careful not to show how much that thought pleased him . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she said it with no feeling . 
 she wished she could lie . 
 first john , who did n't work out . 
 now paul , who she hoped would n't work out . 
 she wondered , idly , which man would end up having been the harder pill to swallow . 
 katryn looked up to see paul studying her . 
 `` am i really so awful ? '' 
 he finally asked her . 
 she started to smile , in spite of herself . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i guess i was still thinking about the guy who left . 
 in fact , you 're actually pretty good . 
 you 'll fit in well . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'll try not to tell anyone you said that , '' he teased . 
 `` good . 
 i do have a reputation , you know ! 
 really , though , i do think you 'll fit in well . 
 you block and spike well , already . 
 maybe your timing 's just a bit off on your spiking , '' she admitted , `` but you 'll get that pretty quick . 
 tom can help you there . 
 anne can help you on setting , if you like . 
 she 's the best setter we have . 
 and you did really well on the turkey drill , so i do n't think your bumping needs much work . 
 once you get used to how we set up as a team , and who covers what , you 'll do fine . 
 this is one of the nicest teams i 've ever been on , so i know you 'll like it . '' 
 `` everyone seems nice . 
 anne offered to help me with my setting , by the way , and ken said he and tom would work with me on my spiking , too . 
 they mentioned that you usually work with the new people on bumping skills and positioning , '' he told her , immediately catching the drift of why she said he needed no help with his bumping . 
 he wondered , though , why it seemed so important to her to make that point . 
 `` we stayed and talked last night ` til past midnight . 
 sorry you had to go so early , '' he added when she did n't say anything . 
 `` my sitter does n't like to be up too late on a school night , '' katryn explained . 
 the waitress cleared away the salad plates and returned with their lunches . 
 they said relatively little while they ate , both finding they were quite hungry after the long wait . 
 katryn turned down paul 's offer of dessert . 
 over coffee she explained more about their team and some of their strategy . 
 she ended with , `` paul , the most important thing about this team is that we get along well and enjoy playing together . 
 winning comes second . 
 that 's why i wanted to see how you 'd do on a losing team . 
 you passed , by the way , with flying colors . '' 
 `` yours is an easy team to get along with , '' he answered . 
 `` maybe , '' she had to smile . 
 `` however , i have it from a reliable source that the coach is someone to be reckoned with . 
 spits nails . 
 runs drills for hours . 
 heartless . '' 
 `` and those are her good points , '' paul added . 
 katryn laughed out loud . 
 `` i 'll have to remember that one . '' 
 `` that 's the first time i 've seen you laugh . 
 are you usually so serious . '' 
 `` never . 
 there are people who believe i have n't one serious bone in my whole body , '' she admitted . 
 `` then i hope to see more of this side of you . '' 
 paul was immediately sorry he said it . 
 the laughter drained out of her eyes even while she pretended to smile . 
 `` paul , it 's really important that you understand our team , '' she interjected . 
 `` we have all different skill levels , i 'm sure you noticed . 
 john , the player who left , was so wrapped up in winning that he could n't get along with us . 
 he wanted anyone he felt was inferior , to be removed . 
 this team got together , stays together , because we all get along . '' 
 remembering anne 's attitude the night before , she quickly amended , `` at least we usually all get along . 
 while we all enjoy winning , practice hard to get better , try our best , still we do n't forget the reason we 're together . 
 this team likes each other , '' she told him she went on to explain that , because no-one had an elevated opinion of himself , everyone helped the team to look good . 
 everyone encouraged each other to do better , forget the mistakes , and play better next time . 
 `` i guess what i 'm getting at , paul , is that winning is n't everything to us . 
 in fact , it 's not anywhere near as important as just enjoying the sport . 
 none of us is competing with anyone else on the team . 
 all of us compete against other teams . 
 does that make sense ? '' 
 she knew she had rambled . 
 `` it does . 
 and i would n't want you to replace anyone . 
 your team works too well together , '' he commended her . 
 `` that 's your doing you know , '' he added . 
 `` not many teams get along that well together . '' 
 her face reddened and she shyly thanked him . 
 she really was glad he would be part of the team . 
 `` i 'd better get back to work , '' katryn decided . 
 `` dottie 's probably running herself ragged . '' 
 paul walked her back to the store . 
 `` see you at practice thursday . '' 
 he promised before he left . 
 dottie was near the counter when paul walked katryn to the door . 
 after he left , dottie asked who the good looking fellow was . 
 `` a teammate . 
 the new guy on our volleyball team . 
 he just had a few questions about the team , '' katryn tried to explain him away . 
 dottie wondered if katryn were really so blind that she believed the gentleman was only interested in volleyball . 
 dottie had seen the way he had been looking at her boss . 
 she said nothing , though . 
 `` were you very busy ? '' 
 katryn asked . 
 `` not a soul . 
 your usual quiet tuesday . 
 do you want me to stay today ? '' 
 `` i guess not . 
 it does seem to have quieted down . 
 thanks , anyway . '' 
 after dottie left , the store remained quiet . 
 katryn was able to finish all the paperwork for last week . 
 she also completed the paper work for the book that had not been in stock , and was finished right at closing time . 
 she talked to the security guard when he walked her to her car , pleased that he , again , happened to be around when she left . 
 she headed home , dreading the call she was going to have to make to julie . 
 she would have to admit she had been at lunch with paul , while assuring her best friend it had been nothing . 
 of course , it had been nothing . 
 they discussed volleyball . 
 paul had made no passes , and luckily had not asked her out again . 
 if only her heart could go into cold storage for awhile , the time with paul would go so much easier . 
 ` after all ' , she tried to convince herself , ` he 'll leave at the end of volleyball , when julie is through with him . ' 
 the boys never noticed their mother seemed a bit preoccupied during supper . 
 after they ate , they went to watch television , arguing only a little about which show they would see . 
 katryn went to her bedroom , picked up the phone and dialed julie 's number . 
 chagrined , she noted the line was not busy . 
 katryn told julie about paul dropping in at work . 
 `` how 'd paul know where you work ? '' 
 julie asked , her voice strained . 
 `` now that you mention it , i had n't thought about that . 
 i do n't really know ! 
 i know i did n't tell him . 
 oh , i 'll bet someone mentioned it last night . 
 he said they stayed ` til after midnight at denny 's '' `` did he say if anne stayed ? '' 
 julie wanted to know . 
 `` he did n't say who stayed . 
 he did say anne offered to help him with his sets , and that ken would help him with his spiking . '' 
 `` do you think anne likes him ? '' 
 `` he is nice , julie . 
 i would n't be at all surprised if anne noticed that , too . 
 but remember , it 's you he talked to in the gym . '' 
 `` true , '' julie answered , slightly mollified . 
 `` but it 's you he asked to lunch . '' 
 `` julie , i told you , he wanted a book for his nephew , and he says he eats there every tuesday . 
 we talked about volleyball . 
 how we pair people up , why we play the formation we do . 
 things like that . 
 only volleyball , julie . '' 
 `` did he invite you for next tuesday ? '' 
 `` no , '' she was relieved to say . 
 julie sighed deeply . 
 `` katryn , be honest with me . 
 do you like paul ? '' 
 katryn , knowing the question was coming , had prepared for it . 
 she would not put their friendship on the line for a man . 
 besides , what good would it do if she told julie the truth ? 
 it would just make julie upset , too . 
 there was absolutely no reason for both of them to be unhappy , so katryn said the only thing a good friend could say . 
 `` julie , he 's a nice guy , and he plays volleyball well . 
 but it 's you he spent time with in the gym . 
 he talked to you most of the time at denny 's . 
 you do like him , do n't you ? '' 
 she redirected the subject . 
 `` i really do . 
 it 'd be just awful , though , if you liked him , too ! '' 
 `` i appreciate that , julie . 
 but you like him , and he seems to like you . 
 he was sent by your friend , dave . 
 and besides , you might have already been dating him if you 'd let dave set you up last year . 
 he 's all yours , julie . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` no hard feelings ? '' 
 `` we 've never let a guy interfere with our friendship before , julie . 
 i 'm not about to let one now . '' 
 `` thanks , katryn . 
 is he coming to practice thursday ? '' 
 `` he is . 
 by the way , if you want , i 'll go by myself . 
 it 's my turn to drive , but you know i ca n't stay late . '' 
 `` would you mind ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't mind . 
 that way you can stay until after anne leaves . '' 
 `` and i just might , you know . 
 even if it 's after midnight , '' she said with a chuckle . 
 `` i better go see what the boys are up to , julie . 
 see you thursday . '' 
 trying to forget the subject of the phone call , katryn headed out to the living room to read to her sons . 
 she finished the giving tree and there were tears in her eyes . 
 when ryan asked why she was crying , she told him it was because the tree had given everything it had to its friend . 
 `` the tree was a very good friend , was n't it ? '' 
 timmy asked her . 
 she nodded . 
 `` sometimes it hurts to be a friend , does n't it ? '' 
 he asked , too wise for his age . 
 `` sometimes it does , '' she agreed . 
 after katryn got the boys in bed , she went to her room and cried . 
 she cried because she knew her boys always hoped a new man on the team might be the right one for her , the father they did not have . 
 she cried because the giving tree gave too much . 
 and she cried because sometimes it truly did hurt to be a friend . 
 ` get it out of your system now ! ' 
 she told herself . 
 ` grieve if you must for a man you do n't even know , and then tomorrow it 's over . ' 
 and though she knew it really did not make any sense that she should feel such a deep sense of loss for a man she did not even know , still she cried for quite some time before she was able to fall asleep . 
 wednesday went well for katryn . 
 the store was very busy . 
 so busy , in fact , dottie stayed till closing . 
 other than an occasional second glance whenever a rather tall man walked by , katryn had little time to think of paul . 
 wednesday evening was cub scout night , and katryn helped out as assistant den leader . 
 they returned home after an hour and a half of games , songs and crafts , and she and the boys fell right to sleep , exhausted . 
 thursday again went well at work . 
 dottie stayed until closing , and katryn was beginning to wonder is she should hire dottie for full-time help . 
 when she got home , katryn was so preoccupied with the question of increasing dottie 's hours that she forgot it was thursday . 
 it was not until a knock at the front door proved to be audrey , her babysitter that katryn remembered what day it was . 
 she rushed to change into her volleyball clothes , and hurriedly kissed the boys on her way out , promising audrey she 'd not be late . 
 she was extra glad she and julie were taking their own cars . 
 katryn raced to practice . 
 she was 15 minutes late , and when she went into the gym she saw she was the last to arrive . 
 the net was up , her team was in a circle practicing sets , and the team they practiced against on thursdays , was there , too . 
 `` you 're late , '' tom greeted her after she made her way to the far side of the gym . 
 `` that 's two extra laps , you know . '' 
 `` add them to my tab , will ya ? '' 
 katryn requested , joining the circle to practice her sets . 
 after awhile she paired everyone up for the bumping drill . 
 she put julie with paul , since she now knew he bumped well enough it would not matter . 
 in fact , she mused , maybe paul could teach julie how to bump better . 
 they skipped the turkey drill and instead the teams each lined up against opposite ends of the court and practiced serving to each other . 
 they switched after that , and set up two lines for the spiking drill . 
 katryn had her teammates take turns trying to block the spikes , along with hitting and setting . 
 when there was just an hour left , the two teams split up to play against each other . 
 katryn and paul sat out first , and katryn pointed out positioning and more of the strategy her team used . 
 paul asked if they had ever tried using two setters instead of pairs , and katryn admitted she had played that system years ago , but had not recently considered changing the ever readys to it . 
 the team , she explained , had just finally moved to the upper-middle league . 
 she had not even thought about it when they were in the lower leagues . 
 they only had a short time until league play started , though , and she unsure if they would have enough time for the team to get used to a new set up . 
 she told paul she might try it monday , and then she rotated into the game when mary rotated out . 
 paul and mary talked a little , but mainly they watched the game . 
 paul was able to see better , with a six-man team , how they worked together . 
 he was also able to watch katryn with no-one noticing . 
 and he found himself watching her quite a bit . 
 while he may have been able to convince anyone who asked , that he was watching to see where she played to cover for dinks or spikes , and how she bumped or hit , in all honesty he knew that was not the reason he was watching her at all . 
 on the court , katryn was relaxed and natural . 
 she played well , though somewhat seriously , and obviously enjoyed the game . 
 she always encouraged her teammates , and even when attempting to correct them , managed to make it positive . 
 her only fault was that she was perhaps a little too hard on herself . 
 still , she seemed to be having fun . 
 while he watched her , paul wondered why she was not that way with him . 
 he remembered how she had laughed at lunch , happy until he mentioned seeing her again . 
 `` paul , it 's your turn to rotate in , '' mary intruded on his thoughts . 
 katryn would be fine playing volleyball with paul so near , or so she thought . 
 after all , she told herself , she had no time to think of him while playing . 
 and so it went , for awhile . 
 until the time when katryn moved up to get a bump , and paul , in front of her , backed up to get the ball . 
 instinctively her hands reached to his back to push lightly and prevent him backing into her . 
 the spark from that one touch rippled through her entire body . 
 paul appeared not to have even noticed and he quickly got back into position for the next play . 
 that seemed totally unfair , she thought , realizing how much she had noticed it . 
 a couple of times they nearly collided when katryn , as setter , went for the second hit . 
 paul , not used to that yet , occasionally forgot to back off and let her take the hit . 
 they collided once when neither of them remembered to call for the third hit . 
 all in all , it was no worse than what would be expected of any new player trying to learn how to fit in with a new team . 
 because it was paul , though , katryn noticed whenever they touched , or even had a near miss . 
 it was obviously going to be awhile before she could totally ignore him . 
 in spite of the problems katryn had with being too near to him , paul played exceptionally well and seemed to fit in with the team almost perfectly . 
 when she and paul rotated out , katryn would point out where paul should play the different positions . 
 `` watch tom , '' she said more than once . 
 `` he 's been with the team the longest , and he knows where to be for blocking hits and where to cover for dinks . '' 
 another time she told paul to watch how tom played the hitter position . 
 `` as soon as anne calls for the second hit , you 'll see him get back into position to spike . '' 
 while katryn remarked favorably on every other player from time to time , paul heard , mainly , all the remarks about tom . 
 `` tell me katryn , has tom ever made a mistake ? '' 
 paul was compelled to comment after another of her ` watch tom ' comments . 
 brought up short , katryn turned to look at paul . 
 she was staring at him when mary came over and reminded her to rotate into the game . 
 it took katryn a minute to get her thoughts back on the game . 
 she had n't meant to irritate paul , but obviously she had . 
 she had merely wanted to keep the conversation on volleyball . 
 she found herself , in fact , feeling that she should defend tom . 
 katryn 's serve hit the net , and she blew another easy hit before tom quietly asked if something were wrong . 
 if you only knew , katryn thought , and then she forced herself to forget paul 's remarks and play volleyball . 
 paul and katryn collided , lightly , only one more time before the game ended . 
 katryn 's team had won four of the five games against the other team , and her teammates were elated . 
 though not saying much in front of the other team , she saw , anyway , the winks and nods that passed between them . 
 after putting the net away , katryn walked out with julie . 
 `` did paul ask you out , yet ? '' 
 katryn asked . 
 `` no , '' julie answered a little sharply . 
 `` he has n't asked you out , has he ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 katryn reassured her friend . 
 `` i told you , he 's not interested in me . '' 
 `` obviously he 's not interested in me , either . '' 
 julie sounded defeated . 
 `` give him time , julie . 
 after all , he knew he 'd see you today . 
 maybe he 's just a little shy . 
 besides , if he was hurt by his last girlfriend , he might want to wait until he 's more sure of whether you like him or not . '' 
 `` i suppose that could be true , '' julie agreed . 
 `` guess i 'll have to wait and see . 
 we 'd better hurry to denny 's , though . 
 i do n't want him there alone with anne . '' 
 when they got to denny 's , paul was sitting beside tom , and julie was able to sit next to paul . 
 katryn breathed a sigh of relief . 
 even before they had all sat down , the team was remarking on their wins . 
 while the rest of her team was overjoyed to have beaten the other team , katryn gave her thanks because she was sitting between tom and ken , not next to paul . 
 julie explained to paul , with much assistance from the others , that the team they practiced against was from a higher league , and that they considered themselves much better than the ever readys . 
 it was , therefore , exceedingly sweet when the other team lost . 
 `` in fact , '' offered tom , `` we enjoy beating them more than any team in our league . '' 
 `` speaking of which , '' katryn remembered , `` jim said his team were knocked down a league . 
 since we moved up a league , that means we 'll be playing them this season ! '' 
 katryn told them . 
 `` there 's one sure win , '' ken enthused , with most of the team echoing his sentiments . 
 `` i hope so . 
 i would n't get too confident yet , though . 
 remember , two of his better players were n't there tonight . '' 
 tom brought them back to the ground . 
 `` by the way , '' katryn glanced at paul and nodded before continuing , `` i 'm thinking we should change our line-up . 
 instead of pairs , we 'd use two setters , like jim 's team does . 
 that gives us four hitters , and blockers , of course , and uses the same two setters throughout the game . '' 
 the next half hour went quickly with katryn showing them , using sugar packets in place of players , how it would work . 
 only julie seemed less than enthused , though she said nothing . 
 when katryn got up to leave , tom offered to walk her to her car . 
 `` what do you think , tom ? '' 
 she asked when they walked out together . 
 `` think we can change strategy this late in the game ? 
 two practices hardly seem like much time . '' 
 `` i think it 'll work . 
 most of us have the basic skills down . 
 who do you plan to use for the setters , though ? '' 
 tom wondered . 
 `` well , to be honest , mary and i usually . 
 though anne 's our best setter , she 's also tall enough to block and spike . 
 mary sets fair , and i 'll do ok . '' 
 `` what about julie ? '' 
 julie was a bone of contention with some of the team , katryn knew . 
 while everyone liked julie , they all knew her skills were not up to the rest of the team , and she held them back some . 
 but julie was a good friend , and she made most of the practices , so she played as often as everyone else . 
 katryn knew she could be totally honest with tom . 
 she had known him for five years , he played volleyball and softball with her , and he considered julie a friend , too . 
 `` i figured i 'd use her for a hitter , '' katryn admitted . 
 `` there are always three women , so whoever the other two women are , they 'll be our setters . 
 it 's the only choice i feel i have . 
 she ca n't be a setter . '' 
 they both knew john was right when he said about fifty percent of julie 's sets were illegal , and katryn knew the ref would definitely call them that way now that the team was in a higher league . 
 tom agreed . 
 when she got to her car , tom mentioned how well paul played . 
 `` i hope , if the time ever comes that you do n't want me on the team , that you 're able to tell me . '' 
 `` tom , are you kidding ? 
 it would n't even feel like a team if you were n't there . 
 and you 're the top player to boot ! '' 
 katryn reminded him . 
 then , a little worried , she asked , `` you 're not thinking of quitting , are you ? '' 
 she remembered a rather bleak season when he 'd had to back out . 
 after he assured her he was n't leaving the team , she continued . 
 `` tom , if you quit , for whatever reason , i 'd quit , too . 
 i only play for the fun , to be doing something i really enjoy with people i truly care about . 
 i ca n't even imagine this team without you on it . '' 
 katryn reached up and hugged him . 
 slowly he hugged her back . 
 `` i 'm not quitting , '' he promised . 
 katryn , relieved , drove home without thinking any further of tom 's remarks . 
 neither tom , nor paul who had witnessed everything through the restaurant windows again , could forget so easily . 
 chapter 5 friday was always one of katryn 's busiest days at work . 
 it usually was even busier than saturday . 
 this friday proved to be no exception . 
 dottie came in at lunch and stayed the day . 
 other than a thought , periodically , about the change in strategy , katryn had little time to think about the team , or paul . 
 she did , occasionally , catch herself looking up , half expecting to see him in the doorway , though . 
 she kept telling herself she was glad he did not show , in fact used his non-appearance as proof he was not interested . 
 there was that small part of her , however , that was a little let down . 
 saturday was another busy day with dottie staying until closing . 
 katryn dropped dottie off on her way home . 
 she picked up happy meals for the boys and a fish sandwich for herself . 
 after a rushed supper , katryn changed into her roller skating clothes . 
 they consisted of a matching blue sweatshirt and sweatpants that could take the occasional landings she knew she would experience . 
 she had decided from the first time out , there was no sense in trying to dress nice for skating . 
 she spent too much time falling down to dress up ! 
 katryn drove up to roller valley hoping julie would not be there . 
 after all , if paul actually called and asked julie out , even that tiny persistent part inside her would quit hoping . 
 katryn and the boys had their skates on and were headed towards the skating floor when they heard julie 's voice . 
 `` hold on you three ; give me a minute to get my skates on . '' 
 katryn sent the boys out to skate , and she went to sit on the bench beside julie . 
 `` paul did n't call , '' katryn guessed . 
 `` no . 
 but i 'm not giving up , '' julie told her . 
 `` do n't get mad that i 'm asking , but he did n't call you , did he ? '' 
 `` no , he sure did n't . 
 he would n't have had any reason to . '' 
 `` katryn , if he did ask ... '' `` i 'd tell him no . 
 you ought to know that . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry i asked , '' julie apologized . 
 they spent the rest of the evening alternating between resting and roller skating . 
 timmy and ryan asked them for every couples skate , and they had some fun with the ` hokey pokey ' . 
 katryn was relieved when julie finally talked herself out about paul , and they were able to spend time teasing the boys about who were the better skaters . 
 of course , the fact that the boys had not fallen nearly as often as the women , did not count at all , they told timmy and ryan . 
 by the time they headed home , they were all worn out , but in good spirits . 
 the boys had always enjoyed being around julie . 
 she liked to spend time with them , too , treating them more like her friends than just her friend 's kids . 
 before they went to bed , katryn 's sons told her all about the day they had spent with audrey . 
 she had a picnic with them in the living room . 
 they quickly assured their mother that they had put a plastic table cloth down to protect the carpet , then went on to tell her they had played games , watched movies and had a great time . 
 katryn listened , and found she was just a little jealous of audrey . 
 this was one of the few times that having a wonderful sitter was a two-edged sword . 
 she was really grateful that audrey was so good with her boys . 
 she could never have found a more caring , or trustworthy sitter . 
 but she sometimes envied the fun her boys had with audrey . 
 and during the school year , it often seemed audrey spent more time with timmy and ryan than she did , since sundays were their only full day together . 
 when school got out for the summer , though , katryn took mondays off . 
 then she and the boys had two days off together . 
 and she had to admit she also took off part of her saturday 's during soccer season . 
 so far she had never had to miss a game , thanks to dottie 's totally flexible schedule . 
 she had to admit to herself , then that the one drawback to owning her own business , working six days a week , was not really so bad , after all . 
 katryn and her sons spent a quiet sunday at home . 
 the boys had pedal cars in the basement , and she had made ` garages ' out of refrigerator boxes she had acquired . 
 they drove around in their cars for hours . 
 they also had their toys and rocking horses in the one carpeted room in the basement , and played contently with them . 
 when katryn realized she had only seen them sporadically all day , she smiled to herself , remembering how jealous she had been of audrey the night before . 
 today her boys were too busy for her anyway . 
 and she usually did not mind the time alone . 
 katryn relaxed in the living room with a good book , and tried to enjoy a fairly perfect day . 
 the problem was paul . 
 the more she tried to forget him , the more he seemed to be becoming an addiction . 
 no matter what she tried to read , her mind would wander back to him . 
 she turned on the tv , and still she could n't concentrate for more than a few minutes . 
 no matter what she did , she could not get him out of her mind . 
 lectures were no help . 
 she could tell herself a million times she had to forget him , but it did not work . 
 through supper , the boys ' book and her own soak in the tub , she was preoccupied with paul . 
 when she finally was in bed , ready for sleep , she wondered exactly how long she could continue this way . 
 nor was her sleep restful . 
 when she awoke , restless and surly in the morning , she remembered bits and pieces of dreams she had been having about him . 
 she remembered how she felt when he touched her all over , in one dream . 
 following quickly on the heels of that dream , though , were memories of a much less pleasant dream . 
 she remembered that in it she and julie were enemies because of paul . 
 then paul left and katryn was completely alone . 
 she experienced , for a moment , that awful , empty , cold , sensation of being totally friendless , totally alone - deserted . 
 reminding herself that she could well indeed end up being just that friendless if julie believed she was after paul , she vowed again she would not let him come between them . 
 no man was worth that price . 
 she showered quickly to wash away all the bits and pieces of her dreams . 
 she steeled herself against paul , knowing full well that she really could lock away those feelings . 
 she had done it before , over the years , and she could do it again . 
 she went to work with her resolve intact , and was glad monday was busier than usual . 
 she walked into the gym monday evening , and set up the net with tom . 
 julie showed up next and motioned for katryn to join her by the water fountain . 
 she left tom with a volleyball and joined julie . 
 `` katryn , are you sure you 're not interested in paul ? '' 
 julie asked before katryn even said hi . 
 `` i told you he 's all yours , '' katryn answered warily . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` i 've just been thinking about thursday , is all . 
 first you paired yourself with him . 
 second , you seemed to run into each other a lot . 
 and then he left denny 's shortly after you did , '' julie accused . 
 `` julie , paul took john 's place . 
 it 's only sensible i work with him rather than change two pairs around . 
 besides , if we change to two setters , we wo n't have pairs anyway . '' 
 `` good . 
 but you two did run into each other a lot . '' 
 `` not near as much as john and i did . 
 or even ed , when he first joined . 
 paul just has to get used to my taking the second hit . 
 and i 'm sorry if he left right after i did , but julie , i had nothing to do with that , i promise . '' 
 `` did he call you yesterday ? '' 
 julie persisted . 
 `` no . 
 nor has he been back to the store . 
 he only wanted to find out about volleyball . 
 i promise , he 's all yours . '' 
 `` ok , '' julie sighed and she started towards the gym . 
 `` this is n't why you did n't call last night , is it ? '' 
 katryn asked , becoming aware suddenly that she had not heard from her friend , and julie had said saturday night at skating that she would let katryn know if paul called or not . 
 julie looked at katryn for a minute before admitting it was . 
 `` it 's just that he 's everything i want in a guy . 
 i thought maybe you were interested and were seeing him behind my back . '' 
 `` oh , julie , i 'd never try to take a guy from you , you know that . 
 friends do n't treat each other that way . 
 you know your friendship is too important to me to lose over a guy . 
 i 'd never see paul behind your back ; i 'd never do that to you , '' katryn promised . 
 `` i guess i knew that . 
 i just needed to hear it from you , '' julie admitted with another deep sigh . 
 katryn shivered a little , recalling the dream she had had about being alone . 
 there was no longer any doubt in her mind that she had made the right decision about paul . 
 practice was going better than she could have hoped . 
 the team picked up on two setters almost immediately . 
 julie was actually quite content to be a hitter , since she knew she would not do well setting . 
 she , too , was well aware that a lot of her sets were illegal . 
 katryn reminded the men to set cross court sometimes , or even spike the second hit to change rhythm occasionally `` if the other team knows we always use three hits to bump , set , and spike , they 'll be ready to block every spike , '' she explained . 
 `` you have to remember , though , that you have to call for the ball if you 're going to take the second hit from the setter . '' 
 the games were going fairly well . 
 katryn 's only concern was paul . 
 while he bumped into julie twice , and even knocked anne over once , still it made katryn uneasy when they had another near miss . 
 she knew julie was watching her closely . 
 towards the end of practice , the back row bumped the ball up to between katryn and paul . 
 katryn , concentrating on getting a good set , moved over to the ball as paul jumped up for the spike , knocking her off her feet . 
 she came down solidly on her right hip . 
 her nerves on edge anyway , she over-reacted . 
 she slowly got to her feet , and began to lay into paul . 
 `` darn it , you 're going to have to try a little harder to remember that i take the second hit . 
 i 'm really getting tired of being run over ... '' paul stood silent , surprised at her vehemence . 
 tom came to his rescue . 
 `` hold on , katryn . 
 did n't you tell us to take the second hit if we had a good shot ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i do want you to change the pace from time to time , '' she argued , now turning on tom . 
 `` but you need to let the setter know . 
 all he had to do was call for it . 
 if he had yelled ` mine ' , i 'd have gotten out of the way . '' 
 `` he did call for it , '' tom said calmly . 
 `` but you did n't . '' 
 `` he did , '' julie agreed , also surprised at how angry katryn had gotten . 
 stunned , and feeling about one inch tall , katryn took a moment before turning back to paul . 
 forcing herself to look him in the eye , she apologized . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i honestly did n't hear you call . 
 besides , there 's no excuse for my getting upset , anyway . 
 it 's just a game , and i was n't hurt . '' 
 `` apology accepted , '' paul said , his right eyebrow slightly raised . 
 `` are you sure you 're ok ? 
 you landed pretty hard . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 sorry i came unglued . '' 
 she got back into position and finished the practice favoring her right leg slightly . 
 she knew there would be a nice sized bruise in the morning , but she would not have owned up to anyone how much it hurt . 
 she did n't fool paul , or tom , though . 
 they were both aware it must hurt a lot if katryn was favoring her leg even a little . 
 after practice they again met at denny 's . 
 katryn made sure she sat nowhere near paul . 
 she took time to congratulate her team on how quickly they had made the change-over to two setters , and reminded them there would be a real trial by fire on thursday . 
 then she put on her best smile and kept the team amused with jokes and puns . 
 it worked some . 
 she did not have time to think about paul . 
 katryn got up to leave earlier than usual , and when tom offered to walk her to her car , she declined . 
 `` oh , you stay a while . 
 you do n't have to get up that early . 
 if i had n't promised my sitter i 'd be back early tonight , i 'd stay myself . 
 see you all thursday . '' 
 and she headed out before tom could answer . 
 tom followed her to the door , however . 
 he watched until she got in her car and drove away before he went back to the table . 
 seeing the questioning look on paul 's face , tom decided they would have to talk soon . 
 audrey was surprised to see katryn back so early , but she was glad to be going home . 
 `` i have a test in algebra tomorrow . 
 the boys are asleep already , but i 'll study better at my house . '' 
 katryn showered and went to bed . 
 if she forgot , even for a minute , how stupid she had acted at practice , it only took rolling onto her right side to remind her . 
 though she did not wake up rested tuesday morning , she also had no recollection of any disturbing dreams . 
 she thanked the fates for being so kind , and made her way downstairs . 
 she was able to get all her paperwork done before dottie showed up at 12:20 . 
 she was just about out the door , headed for lunch , when paul stopped her . 
 `` join me for lunch ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'd rather not , '' katryn answered honestly . 
 `` i 'd like to talk to you , '' he told her and he took her hand , not giving her much of a choice . 
 `` i suppose we should talk , '' katryn decided . 
 `` and the sooner the better . '' 
 paul did n't miss the determination in her voice . 
 she allowed paul to lead her to clinkerdagger 's , where she ordered halibut , though she doubted she would be able to eat much of it . 
 when the salads were served , katryn started to speak . 
 paul cut her off , though . 
 `` i 've a feeling i 'm not going to like our little talk much . 
 could we enjoy our meal , pretend to be friends , and then have our discussion over coffee ? '' 
 katryn readily agreed . 
 she knew they needed to talk . 
 she was in no hurry to start , though . 
 instead , paul asked her about herself . 
 deciding it was a safe subject ; katryn found herself telling him all about her family , and her life , in pennsylvania . 
 paul could tell by the easy way she talked of her past , that she must have had a happy childhood . 
 she told him she was the fourth child , the first girl , in a family already peopled by three raucous , somewhat wild , boys . 
 she grew up in the country on a farm quite a ways from the nearest neighbor . 
 because her brothers were the only playmates around , she grew up being quite a tom-boy . 
 there was only six years separating the first four children . 
 katryn 's brothers always teased her about being the ` runt ' . 
 though her mother had looked forward to a little girl to dress up and curl her hair , katryn admitted to paul that she would have none of it . 
 she played all the sports , especially tackle football , with her three older brothers almost from the time she could walk . 
 once her father had told her she had actually been playing football since before she walked . 
 he tried to convince her that her brothers had used her for the football . 
 horrified , her mother had quickly assured katryn that that was not true . 
 because she was the youngest of the four , and a girl to boot , katryn explained , she had had to play her hardest to be accepted . 
 she hated being called the runt , and when she was ten , she finally won her brothers ' respect . 
 katryn smiled proudly , recounting the story for paul there was an old chestnut tree in the back yard , and she and her brothers had all grown up playing in it . 
 there were three levels of tree houses and they continually tried to climb higher and higher in the tree . 
 the top few branches were too thin and weak to support her brothers ' weights , so not one of the curran 's had actually made it to the very top . 
 she had been quite a small child , she told paul , especially compared to her big-boned , muscular brothers . 
 on her tenth birthday , katryn was being teased unmercifully by her older brothers . 
 though they now had a three year old brother and a one year old sister , they persisted in calling katryn the runt . 
 katryn had been sure that when she turned ten , hit the double digits as her brothers called it , she would no longer be called ` runt ' . 
 her mother had made a beautiful cake and had decorated it with pink and blue flowers , green leaves , and happy birthday katryn in big letters . 
 her oldest brother , jim got a hold of the decorating tube , and when she saw the cake , katryn burst into tears . 
 jim had scraped off most of her name and had written , in an ugly scrawl , runt . 
 katryn smiled shyly , a little embarrassed when she admitted she ran out of the house and started up the tree . 
 her family followed her into the back yard and stood transfixed watching her climb higher and higher into the chestnut tree . 
 crying ` i 'm not a runt , not anymore ' , she climbed higher and higher still . 
 her mother pleaded with her father to get her down , knowing full well katryn was up beyond where anyone could get her . 
 they all just watched . 
 katryn figured her brother jim would be the most worried . 
 everyone , including his dad , knew what he had done . 
 no-one made a sound while she slowly started up the skinnier branches at the top . 
 katryn admitted to paul she had been a little scared when the tree swayed slightly and she heard her mother scream . 
 still , she knew it was something she just had to do , so she slowly reached up over her head , stretched a tiny bit farther , and finally grasped the top of the tree in her hand . 
 paul could see the triumph in her face as she re-lived the moment . 
 the three older boys shouted and congratulated their sister , but she would not move from her precarious perch . 
 her mother begged , her father demanded , but she would not move . 
 `` were you scared ? '' 
 paul interrupted her story . 
 `` i was a little , but that was n't why i would n't come down . '' 
 she admitted sheepishly . 
 `` i wanted jim to say ... '' `` that you were n't a runt anymore . '' 
 paul finished for her , smiling . 
 when katryn nodded , he asked . 
 `` did he ? '' 
 `` oh , yes ! 
 i do n't think i 've ever enjoyed anything more than hearing jim finally agree i was n't a runt . 
 dad made him promise never to call me runt again . 
 he never did . 
 none of them ever did again . '' 
 paul could see how proud she must have been . 
 her face was flushed , her smile was back , and she held her head high . 
 he could almost see her up in that tree , hanging on for all she was worth ; almost hear jim saying she was not a runt . 
 `` have you seen your family lately ? '' 
 he asked , seeing a little sadness creep into her face . 
 `` no . 
 i took the boys back after their father died . 
 i needed to go home and recharge my batteries . 
 all of my family , except jim , still lives in pennsylvania . 
 he had flown out here for the funeral , to help me through all the preparations . 
 but i missed him when i was home . 
 it just was n't the same without him . '' 
 she paused for a minute before she continued . 
 `` in spite of the fact he 'd been the roughest on me growing up , had pushed the hardest , called me runt the most , still , i was closest to him , '' katryn told paul . 
 she continued to reminisce , and she found herself telling paul about her husband . 
 don was jim 's best friend . 
 a little chagrined , she admitted to paul that at first she had been jealous of him . 
 when jim went to college she was about twelve . 
 he started to spend a lot of time away from home , because he lived in a dorm on campus . 
 when he did come home , he always brought don . 
 jim had met don in college , they were roommates . 
 don 's parents had died a year earlier in a boating accident , so don had no family to visit . 
 jim believed no-one should be without a family , so he offered don his . 
 don was always around , then , and jim was too busy for katryn . 
 she blamed don . 
 she realized when she got older , that it was not don , but growing up , that took jim away . 
 still , she had resented don for years . 
 after college , jim moved to a small town about thirty miles away , and katryn saw even less of him . 
 she saw almost nothing of don , after that . 
 katryn was a senior in high school when jim got married . 
 don , of course , was his best man . 
 katryn had not seen him in a couple years , and when they met at the rehearsal dinner , she saw he was very surprised to see she had grown up . 
 they started dating after that , and katryn married don shortly after her twentieth birthday . 
 don 's company transferred him to spokane , and they left pennsylvania after their honeymoon , vowing to visit often . 
 three years later , ryan and timmy were born . 
 katryn still had not been able to go back to visit . 
 while her mother had come out to help her with the twins , katryn and don had never gotten to see the rest of her family . 
 don died when the boys were about six months old , katryn told paul , so she had raised the boys by herself since then . 
 `` why did you stay in spokane ? '' 
 paul wondered aloud . 
 `` all your family was so far away . '' 
 `` when i went back after don died , i thought of staying . 
 but somehow spokane had gotten under my skin . 
 and even though i love them all , i could n't stay . 
 out here i was myself . 
 back there i felt almost smothered . 
 it was almost as if i 'd fought all my life to be independent , but if i moved back i was admitting defeat . 
 no , i had to stay out here and make something of myself . '' 
 `` any regrets ? '' 
 `` only that my sons have no idea how wonderful their grandparents are . 
 and , '' she added lightly , `` that i ca n't show them how tall that chestnut tree really is ! '' 
 paul felt he could get lost in katryn 's smile . 
 she was so open , so unguarded . 
 her whole being seemed lit up . 
 he knew it would end soon . 
 soon they would have to have the talk he would just bet he would rather not hear . 
 the waitress cleared their lunch trays and asked if they wanted dessert . 
 they declined and she left to get the coffee pot . 
 katryn looked sheepishly at paul . 
 `` you know , i 've been told a time or two i tend to ramble . 
 i 'm sorry if i bored you with my life story . '' 
 `` i enjoyed every word of it , '' he told her honestly . 
 `` i only wish i could see that tree myself . '' 
 her face reddened appreciably as she thanked him . 
 the waitress appeared with their coffee . 
 when their coffee was poured , katryn waited calmly for paul to start . 
 `` would you like to go first ? '' 
 he asked . 
 when she shook her head , he smiled . 
 `` are n't going to make this easy for me , are you ? '' 
 she shook her head again , but this time she had to smile . 
 chapter 6 `` katryn , i 'm not sure what i 've done wrong , but it must have been a doozey . 
 i realized last night , when you got so angry , that you must be pretty upset with me . 
 i 'd like to start over ... '' `` paul stop , '' she said quietly . 
 he did , and he waited patiently for her to compose herself . 
 she had thought it would feel good to at least hear if he cared . 
 she realized , though , that hearing him put into words what she wanted more than anything to hear , would be her undoing . 
 it would be better if she not hear any more . 
 besides , he had listened to her so intently , had seemed to understand how she had felt about being the runt ... well , it just was not fair to be unkind to him now . 
 `` first of all , you 've done nothing wrong , and i definitely do n't hate you . '' 
 in spite of herself , her heart contracted slightly . 
 she continued . 
 `` in fact , if circumstances were different , i might start to like you . 
 however , things being what they are , i ... '' she faltered for a moment . 
 what could she say ? 
 ` am not attracted to you ? ' 
 definitely a lie . 
 ` ca n't love you ? ' 
 it was too late . 
 she stared , unseeing , groping for words that would not come . 
 `` is it tom ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` are you in love with tom ? '' 
 he needed to know if he had read that situation wrong . 
 surprised , she told him no , tom was just a good friend . 
 `` someone else ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` actually ... it 's julie . '' 
 shocked at the implication , he stammered . 
 `` you are n't ... i mean you and julie ... '' `` oh , no , '' she quickly assured him . 
 `` what i meant was , julie likes you . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 he asked , not understanding what that had to do with their discussion . 
 `` if julie likes you , i ca n't , '' she said , trying to explain . 
 `` i guess i 'm a little slow . 
 what exactly do julie 's feelings have to do with us ? '' 
 ` us ? ' 
 she thought . 
 ` there 's no ` us ' . 
 she tried again . 
 `` julie and i are best friends . 
 we 've known each other for over ten years . 
 we decided a long time ago we 'd never let a man come between us , and we never have . 
 we never will , '' she said with finality . 
 `` friends do n't do that to each other . '' 
 `` just a minute . 
 why does my liking you have to come between you and julie ? '' 
 actually hearing that he liked her hurt even worse than she had thought it might . 
 `` because julie likes you , '' she answered , trying to shut out the pain . 
 `` but i like you . '' 
 `` julie claimed you first . '' 
 `` claimed me ? 
 is this a joke ? 
 have i no say ? 
 does it matter to either of you whom i like ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` no , '' she admitted quietly . 
 `` it really does n't . 
 friends do n't ever date a guy their best friend likes . 
 julie likes you , so i back out . 
 it 's simple , really . '' 
 paul stared at her , disbelieving . 
 `` katryn , do you have any feelings for me ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' she stood her ground , but she could not look at him . 
 `` it damn well matters to me . 
 look me in the eye and say you really do n't care . 
 look me in the eye and tell me you did n't feel something special when you first met me in the gym . 
 i saw it in your eyes , katryn ; you must have seen it mine . '' 
 she thought back to that time and remembered the look she had thought was surprise . 
 he had not been surprised at her reaction , then . 
 he had , perhaps , been surprised by his own reaction . 
 finding that he had been attracted to her only made her hurt more . 
 still he continued . 
 `` look me in the eyes , if you can , and tell me how none of that matters because julie likes me , '' he reached across the table and lifted her chin , forcing her to look at him . 
 `` do n't you understand , paul ? '' 
 she said averting her eyes again . 
 `` it ca n't matter . 
 you 're off limits to me . '' 
 `` because julie likes me ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 she nodded . 
 `` so , i 'll tell julie i like you . '' 
 it seemed such a simple answer . 
 `` if you do that to me , you 'll never see me again , '' she said vehemently , her eyes flashing at him . 
 `` i 'd lose julie as my best friend , and i 'd never be able to forgive you for that . '' 
 `` what if i tell her i just do n't care for her ? '' 
 `` i still could never date you , '' katryn answered , smiling sadly . 
 `` it would really hurt her if i did , and it would ruin our friendship . '' 
 `` friendship , hell . 
 what kind of a friendship says you have to give up someone who cares for you ? 
 what kind of a friend would ask that ? '' 
 `` paul , if i dated you , julie and i would probably end up a lot less than best friends . 
 then , when you head off down the road , i 'm left with nothing . 
 no thanks . '' 
 she remembered the empty feeling her dream had left her with . 
 `` are you so sure i 'll head off down the road , then ? '' 
 he asked , surprised . 
 `` the odds favor that outcome . '' 
 she spoke logically , without feeling . 
 `` after all , look how many people you date , or are attracted to , in a lifetime . 
 you usually only marry once , maybe twice . 
 the odds are against your being the one i 'd end up with . '' 
 `` so it 's smarter to keep the friendship and not get involved with me , '' he said , following her logic . 
 `` exactly , '' she said simply . 
 `` and if i go to julie and tell her how i feel ? '' 
 `` i told you . 
 i 'll never forgive you . 
 and i 'll do my best to see that i never have to see you again . '' 
 angry that there seemed no answer , paul lashed out at her . 
 `` the rest of the team might want to know why you 're dumping me . 
 they may want me to stay . '' 
 `` that would be their choice , of course , '' she agreed , dispassionately . 
 `` you 'd quit ? '' 
 he asked incredulously , catching her meaning immediately . 
 `` i 've quit and started over before , i can do it again . '' 
 they were both silent a while . 
 `` so what are my options ? '' 
 paul asked , defeated . 
 `` date julie , fall in love , live happily ever after ? '' 
 she asked , knowing she had won the battle . 
 with what it had cost her , though , it seemed a rather hollow victory . 
 `` she 's not my type . 
 other options ? '' 
 he persisted . 
 `` accept my friendship ? '' 
 she asked , hoping he would agree . 
 `` i suppose it really boils down to your friendship or nothing , '' he said , not expecting an answer . 
 `` you 're not asking much , are you ? '' 
 she had nothing to say . 
 she knew , well , exactly what she was asking . 
 `` you do n't really expect me to date julie , though , do you ? '' 
 katryn smiled at him . 
 `` not if you do n't want to , but you are free to . 
 who knows what might ... '' `` friendship or nothing ? '' 
 he asked , cutting her off . 
 she nodded at him . 
 `` any other rules ? '' 
 he wondered . 
 `` you ca n't ever tell julie we had this lunch , or this talk . '' 
 `` i understand . '' 
 after a minute he asked , `` will i be allowed to ask you to lunch with me again ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she knew she had to be honest with him . 
 `` not even as friends ? '' 
 he tried . 
 `` maybe someday . 
 not in the near future . '' 
 paul walked her back to her store . 
 when they got to the door , he took her hand , and kissed it solemnly . 
 `` goodbye , katryn , '' he told her . 
 then he left . 
 she walked into the store , waved at dottie , then headed to the back room and shut the door behind her . 
 she did it . 
 she got rid of the only man who had appealed to her since she had lost her husband . 
 no other man , to be honest , not even her husband , had ever struck a chord in her like paul had . 
 it seemed so unfair that she had had to work hard to get rid of him . 
 it left her drained and numb . 
 pulling herself together again , she headed back into the store to go to work . 
 the fates must have found favor with her . 
 she stayed busy right up until closing , too busy to think anymore about what she had done . 
 after they closed the store , katryn asked dottie if she would like to work full-time . 
 `` is it working out ok for you the way we 're doing it now ? '' 
 dottie asked . 
 `` or do you need me earlier in the mornings . '' 
 `` mornings usually are n't that busy , '' katryn admitted . 
 `` then maybe we should keep it the way it is . 
 you know ; if it is n't broken , do n't fix it ? '' 
 dottie offered . 
 `` but surely it must be a pain for you , never knowing if you 'll be staying or not . 
 besides , with full-time , you 'd have steadier income , '' katryn explained . 
 `` my husband left me fairly well off , katryn , so the money does n't matter . 
 and since he 's gone now , i 'm pretty much alone . 
 it does n't matter to me whether i work one hour or five . 
 i 'm just grateful you give me something to do , something to look forward to every day , '' dottie explained . 
 katryn hugged her . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'd do without you . 
 you really do n't mind not having steady hours ? '' 
 katryn had to ask . 
 `` i really do n't . 
 it 's the only spontaneous part of my life . 
 now we 'd better get going . 
 those boys will be wondering where you 've gotten to . '' 
 katryn dropped dottie off on her way home . 
 she was thrilled to find audrey had fixed supper , so she was soon eating a quiet meal with ryan and timmy . 
 she was much more relaxed , now that she had had her talk with paul , and she enjoyed her time with her sons . 
 `` should we play a game or read a book ? '' 
 katryn asked . 
 when the boys began to argue , she compromised . 
 they played a game ryan chose , and then timmy picked out a book for her to read . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're happy again , '' timmy told her when she tucked him in to bed . 
 it did not surprise her that he had noticed . 
 she was a bit chagrined , though , that she had not realized how her mood had affected the boys . 
 `` so am i , '' she told him , ruffling his hair . 
 though happy was n't really what she was feeling - relief was . 
 she was glad it was over . 
 now she just hoped her feelings for paul would stay buried forever . 
 paul had no sooner gotten back from his late lunch with katryn than his secretary told him a tom morgan was on the line . 
 recognizing the name to be the tom from the volleyball team , paul wondered what else could go wrong today . 
 he took a deep breath , exhaled slowly , and then took the call . 
 `` tom , what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` i think it 's time we had a talk , paul . 
 there 's something you need to know about our team , about katryn in particular . 
 could we get together ? '' 
 tom asked . 
 `` are you free now ? '' 
 paul asked , deciding his day was shot anyway . 
 he could stay late tomorrow to catch up on his work . 
 `` i am . 
 could we meet at cavanaugh 's , in the bar , say in thirty minutes ? '' 
 `` that should be fine , '' paul agreed before they hung up . 
 it was only about twenty minutes later when tom joined paul at a small round table towards the back of the bar . 
 paul had already gotten halfway through his first drink . 
 `` i 'd have ordered you something , but i do n't know what you drink , '' he apologized . 
 the waitress took tom 's order . 
 he nursed a martini while paul started on his second 7 and 7 . 
 tom kept his surprise to himself . 
 he could usually spot a problem drinker a mile off , and he would have bet paul was not one . 
 he hated to think katryn might have gotten tangled up with an alcoholic . 
 john was problem enough . 
 after some polite small talk , paul spoke up . 
 `` i 'll be honest with you , tom . 
 i 've already had a rather unpleasant bit of news today . 
 i 'd appreciate it if you 'd get right to the point . '' 
 tom wondered , idly if that might explain the drinks . 
 `` has anyone mentioned to you anything about the guy who left the team last season ? '' 
 `` katryn mentioned he 'd been a little unpleasant . '' 
 `` that sounds like her , all right . 
 unpleasant is n't the half of it , i 'm afraid , '' tom was not disappointed to see how concerned paul appeared to be when he told of the two altercations he had witnessed between john and katryn . 
 tom told paul he had over-heard john yelling at katryn that he had had about enough talking . 
 that all the times they had talked before had gotten nothing done , and that he , john , had better see some changes fast . 
 that was when tom had stepped in to find katryn backed up against the wall . 
 john was poking at her , and katryn 's face was beginning to show a little of the fear she must have been feeling as john shouted louder and louder . 
 tom then went on to tell paul about when he and katryn had told john he was to leave . 
 when paul questioned the wisdom of letting katryn tell john , tom shot right back at the man . 
 `` until you 've tried to talk katryn out of something , and failed , you have no idea how stubborn she can be . '' 
 paul apologized . 
 he pictured a ten your old katryn up a chestnut tree . 
 then he remembered the argument they had had that afternoon . 
 he had no doubt that when katryn had told tom either she would handle it since she was captain , or she would quit being captain , that she had meant every word of it . 
 `` katryn thinks it 's over and done with , '' tom jerked paul out of his reverie . 
 with a sick feeling he listened while tom continued . 
 `` i did n't trust john , so i started walking katryn to her car after practice . 
 the first night nothing happened . 
 the second night , though , after katryn drove away , i noticed a car at the end of the block turn it 's lights on and slowly approach . 
 when the car was beside me , i saw john . 
 he stopped , rolled the window down and said , ` i wonder if she knows how lucky she is that you 're around . ' 
 then he pulled away . '' 
 `` did he follow her ? '' 
 paul needed to know . 
 `` no . 
 i jumped in my car and rushed to denny 's . 
 he was n't there , and katryn was inside . 
 she had n't seen him , i 'm fairly certain . 
 i did n't tell her , though . '' 
 paul had quit drinking . 
 when the waitress reappeared , they both ordered coffee . 
 `` have you seen him since ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 `` yes , '' tom answered . 
 paul only realized he had been holding his breath when he swore and had to gulp for air . 
 tom continued . 
 `` three more times . 
 the first time was the next week . 
 same thing . 
 he drove up after she drove off , repeated the same line about how lucky she was , and then he left . 
 the next time was the final tournament game last season . 
 about the middle of november , i guess . 
 i was walking out of the gym for some fresh air and he was starting in . 
 he just smiled and said he wanted to see how the team was doing . 
 i escorted him out and explained i 'd better not see him in the gym again . 
 he answered , ` you wo n't always be there . 
 i can wait . ' 
 then he smiled and left . '' 
 paul felt himself growing angrier and angrier at this man he had replaced . 
 he closed his eyes and swore softly . 
 then he looked at tom . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 would he really hurt her ? '' 
 `` i do n't know for sure . '' 
 tom looked grimmer than he had earlier . 
 `` but if you 're asking me if i think he might actually come after katryn , i 'd have to answer i believe it 's a strong possibility . '' 
 `` you still have n't told her ? '' 
 paul knew the answer . 
 `` no . 
 i had hoped he 'd give up after that . 
 that season ended the middle of november , and this season did n't start until the middle of february . 
 i wagered he only wanted to get back at me for decking him , and that he 'd forget , or give it up anyway , by this season . '' 
 `` he has n't , has he ? '' 
 `` last week he showed up after practice again , '' tom admitted . 
 paul digested that piece of information for a minute or two . 
 `` are you going to warn her now ? '' 
 `` i have a friend in the police force , '' tom evaded . 
 `` i spoke to him about john after the second time he showed up . 
 seems he 's well known by the police . 
 they know of at least two women he 's beaten up . 
 they were both too afraid to press charges . 
 he admitted i should be worried . 
 john is dangerous . 
 i asked him about telling katryn . '' 
 paul did not interrupt when tom took a drink of his coffee . 
 `` he admitted that if a person was intent on attacking someone , there 's no way short of a 24 hour guard , that you could stop him . 
 he went on to say that , if katryn already tended to keep her doors locked and did n't travel alone at night , she 'd be as safe as if she knew . 
 telling her might really scare her , and possibly for nothing . 
 he went on to say that most women beaters are cowards at heart , and it may be , with me around , that john wo n't try anything . 
 but he could n't honestly say which way was best . '' 
 `` damned if you do ... '' paul did not bother to finish . 
 `` i 'm telling you for a couple reasons , paul . 
 first , i 'd like your input about whether she should be told . 
 second , i wanted you to know why she ca n't walk out to her car by herself . '' 
 `` that first night i came to practice . 
 i left her standing outside ... '' `` i was in my car across the street , '' tom assured him . 
 `` what about walking to her car after work ? '' 
 `` there 's a guard on duty at the flour mill . 
 he 's acquainted with katryn , and it 's been o.k 'd that he stay near the door she uses and watch for her . 
 a couple of the shop-keepers know , too . 
 the man who has the pipe shop across from her has a picture of john . 
 the police are making extra drive-by 's in her neighborhood watching for john 's car . 
 i even told the neighbor across the street . 
 his wife is pretty crippled up and they do n't go out often . 
 turns out he 's a retired cop , and he 's keeping his eyes open . '' 
 `` you 've been busy , '' paul commented , impressed by what all tom had accomplished . 
 `` so , what do you think ? 
 do we tell her ? '' 
 tom was relieved to be able to share the burden . 
 `` i guess not . 
 what would we accomplish by scaring her ? 
 no , i think you 've made the right decision all along . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 tom appreciated the vote of confidence . 
 he knew , too , he 'd made the right decision by telling paul . 
 they spent a little more time in the bar . 
 when they left , paul had a fair idea what john looked like . 
 he also had a pretty fair idea of just how good a friend katryn had in tom . 
 there were not many around like him ! 
 it was thursday , when she was getting ready for volleyball practice , that the thought crossed katryn 's mind . 
 what exactly had paul meant when he had said goodbye ? 
 she had assumed at the time that he meant goodbye to anything more than friendship . 
 she could not remember , now , though , if he had actually ever said he would accept friendship . 
 she drove to practice alone . 
 julie had wanted to be free to stay , again , and had taken her own car . 
 katryn drove slowly , just a little afraid of what she might find . 
 what if paul had quit the team ? 
 what explanation could she give to the others ? 
 who could she get to replace him on such short notice ? 
 the thought of using the park 's department roster again really scared her . 
 she pretended she cared because of the team . 
 all the while she knew the real reason she cared . 
 being around paul was more dangerous than playing with fire , she was well aware . 
 already she had been scorched . 
 the thought of never seeing him again hurt even worse , however . 
 she breathed a sigh of relief when she pulled into the school parking lot and saw paul getting out of his car . 
 he waited for her , and when she got to his car she admitted to him that she had worried he would not be there . 
 `` did you really think i 'd let you down like that ? 
 let the whole team down ? '' 
 he asked . 
 then , more quietly he added , `` were you afraid i would n't accept friendship only ? '' 
 he looked into her eyes and saw the answer there . 
 `` if it 's all you 're offering for now , katryn , i 'll get in line behind tom . '' 
 `` tom ? '' 
 katryn did not understand . 
 before she could ask what he meant , though , ken pulled up beside them and they all made their way into the gym . 
 the night was a complete success . 
 the new system worked , the ever readys won all four games , paul and julie talked a lot at denny 's , and katryn made it through the entire evening without upsetting julie . 
 everyone was happy , and looking forward to league play starting tomorrow night . 
 tom walked katryn out to the car when she left . 
 `` what do you think , tom ? 
 can we take the league ? '' 
 she joked . 
 `` it 's a possibility , '' he agreed . 
 `` we looked good tonight . 
 you played well , by the way . 
 get everything straightened out ? '' 
 `` as straight as it can get . 
 and it feels better . '' 
 `` good . 
 see you tomorrow night , '' tom told her when she got into her car . 
 she pulled away , and was a little surprised to see tom head back into denny 's . 
 she wondered if he had always walked her to the car and then gone back . 
 she had never noticed before . 
 she had just presumed he was leaving , too . 
 the three matches on friday night went super . 
 the ever readys won all three and were riding on cloud nine . 
 they went to the closest pizza parlor and celebrated with nachos . 
 julie mentioned going up the street to dance , and ken said they would probably be thrown out . 
 `` shorts and team t-shirts are n't exactly coat and ties , you know , '' he explained . 
 julie bet they would be let in anyway , and soon they all headed to kelly 's to try . 
 surprisingly , nothing was said about their appearance . 
 they were even able to pull a couple tables next to each other so they could all sit together . 
 mary 's husband bob was introduced to everyone , and he seemed to fit in well . 
 they danced for a couple hours , with the men taking turns dancing with each of the ladies . 
 with bob there , the odds favored the women and they danced most every dance . 
 paul asked julie first , and made sure he also danced with mary and anne before asking katryn . 
 katryn was just happy he asked her for a fast dance . 
 she was not at all sure how her resolve would last if she were being held in his arms for a slow song . 
 the band played only a few slow songs during the two sets katryn was there . 
 she had danced with tom for two of them , and ken and bob for the others . 
 she had begun to think her luck had held when paul walked towards her . 
 paul had made his way around the table , and it was katryn 's turn again . 
 as he got to her , the band started to play feelings . 
 katryn 's resolve may have been strong , but it did not prevent her body from reacting to paul 's touch . 
 being held in his arms was too much . 
 the electricity sent shocks through every part of her . 
 she closed her eyes and tried to pretend she did not feel it . 
 she must have stiffened slightly , and paul noticed . 
 `` it wo n't work , you know , '' he whispered in her ear . 
 `` you ca n't ignore what we feel . '' 
 when she refused to acknowledge his comment , he asked , `` appropriate song , do n't you think ? 
 feelings like i 'll never have you ... '' he quietly sang along with the music . 
 `` please do n't make it any worse , '' she pleaded . 
 `` it is n't how i wanted it either . '' 
 she felt her back would be permanently branded from the heat of his hand . 
 `` i 'll find a way , '' he said it so quietly she could not be entirely sure he had really said anything . 
 `` there is no way , '' she told him just in case . 
 `` if julie ever finds out ... '' `` she wo n't , '' he promised . 
 she leaned against him for the last few bars , hating how his touch made her feel , but no longer having the energy to pull away from him . 
 they walked back to the table and heard the band say they were going on a break . 
 katryn decided it was a good time for her to leave . 
 she told them she had to be going because she had not told her sitter she would be late . 
 everyone promised to go dancing the following friday , after volleyball , and katryn agreed to ask her sitter to stay later next week . 
 tom walked her to her car . 
 chapter 7 katryn soaked in the tub for a very long time . 
 it was no use . 
 she could still feel paul 's touch . 
 she tossed and turned all night , and awoke feeling worse than she ever had . 
 it was probably good that she had no idea what dreams had cost her a full night of sleep , she decided . 
 the way things were going , she was afraid the dreams might give her a permanent blush . 
 never again , she promised herself . 
 no more dancing . 
 she knew she would do ok in volleyball because the occasional contact was over almost immediately . 
 it had been too long since she had actually wanted any man , though , and being in paul 's arms brought all those buried yearnings back . 
 and she did not need that ! 
 ` what happened to that time when owning your own business was all you could possibly want ? ' 
 she asked herself . 
 then , glancing at her watch , she realized she was now running late . 
 where had all the time gone ? 
 she was still rushing when audrey showed up . 
 `` i never even got the boys their breakfast , '' she had to admit , pulling her coat on . 
 `` do n't worry about it , '' audrey told her . 
 katryn thanked her then headed out the door . 
 she barely made it to the store in time . 
 `` running a bit late ? '' 
 she heard joe ask as she turned the key in the lock . 
 `` joe where 've you been . 
 i missed you last week . '' 
 `` had a touch of the ` flu ' , '' he told her . 
 `` picking up an extra day today . 
 guess i 'll have to come back later to browse , seeing how it 's time for me to go to work . '' 
 `` sorry joe . '' 
 then , an inspiration struck . 
 `` joe , why do n't you come back for lunch ? 
 we could talk . 
 we have n't sat and talked for a long time . 
 i 'll send for sandwiches . 
 about 1:00 , if you can wait that long . '' 
 `` i can wait , '' he assured her before he left . 
 katryn ordered the sandwiches for lunch , then was kept busy enough she never thought about lunch again until dottie showed up . 
 katryn told her she would be having lunch at 1:00 . 
 `` i ordered you a sandwich , too . 
 just in case you did n't eat before you came . '' 
 katryn added . 
 `` that was sweet , but you need n't have . 
 i ate just before i left home . '' 
 katryn cleaned off her desk while dottie waited on customers . 
 after pulling a third chair up , she left to go get three sodas at the ice cream shop . 
 the sandwiches arrived shortly after katryn returned , and joe showed up just minutes later . 
 katryn made the introductions , and then they all sat at the desk to eat lunch . 
 at katryn 's insistence , she and dottie took turns waiting on customers . 
 luckily , lunch time business was slow , so they had a lot of time to talk . 
 katryn was pleased to see that her two friends appeared quite comfortable with each other . 
 when about an hour had passed , joe said he had to go back to work . 
 katryn walked out in the hallway with him . 
 `` not too subtle , '' he told her . 
 disappointed that it must not have gone very well , she apologized . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i just ... '' his grin stopped her . 
 `` do n't be . 
 i got her phone number . '' 
 he gave her a quick hug . 
 `` thanks , '' he said simply . 
 she walked back to the store , and saw that dottie had already started to clean up the lunch papers . 
 katryn went around the counter and helped . 
 `` will you tell me a little about him ? 
 he does n't say much , '' dottie asked , a little shyly . 
 katryn was n't all that surprised when joe showed up to ` browse ' near closing time . 
 he purchased a couple westerns and hung around to talk . 
 when katryn and dottie closed up , joe offered to drop dottie off . 
 since her employee seemed quite happy with the suggestion , katryn agreed it would give her a few more minutes at home before practice . 
 she waved goodbye when they pulled out of the lot in front of her , then she headed home . 
 katryn got to practice in really good spirits . 
 at least things appeared to be off to a good start for joe and dottie . 
 practice went well , too . 
 jim 's team was there to practice against , having switched to monday practice since games were friday 's . 
 the ever readys , while losing two of the four games , still played well . 
 tom and katryn were the first two at denny 's . 
 when they were seated in their usual booth in the back , tom mentioned katryn appeared to be in a good mood . 
 she told tom about her hopes for joe and dottie , not even noticing others arriving . 
 `` i ca n't believe i did n't think of it sooner , '' she was telling tom when paul asked what she had n't thought of . 
 a little self consciously , she explained about her friends . 
 paul knew who dottie was , but he had no idea who joe was . 
 by the time katryn had explained it all to paul , everyone at the table had heard . 
 `` quite the match maker , are n't you ? '' 
 anne asked . 
 katryn thought she detected just a hint of sarcasm , but no-one else seemed to notice , so she ignored it . 
 she was busy trying not to look at paul . 
 `` are we practicing thursday ? '' 
 ed asked . 
 `` not unless everyone wants to . 
 i figure one practice is enough now that we have the games on friday . 
 that 's why jim 's team is coming on monday 's now . 
 they do n't want to practice the night before a game . 
 but what do the rest of you think ? '' 
 while paul , ed , and anne , were all for thursday practice , julie and mary could not make that many nights out . 
 ken was not too enthusiastic , either , and tom would rather not . 
 they decided , therefore , to skip thursdays . 
 `` everyone 's still planning to go dancing friday after the games , right ? '' 
 julie wanted to know . 
 tom noticed that everyone else had said yes . 
 `` you 're going too , are n't you ? '' 
 he asked katryn . 
 `` i 'm not sure my sitter ... '' she started to say . 
 `` please ? '' 
 tom asked . 
 there was no doubt in katryn 's mind what the look on anne 's face meant . 
 `` of course you 'll be able to join us , wo n't you ? '' 
 paul asked . 
 mary , ken and ed added their encouragement . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 she promised , and they let it drop . 
 katryn left shortly after that , and again refused tom 's offer to walk her to her car . 
 he followed her to the door again , making sure she was not being followed when she drove away . 
 lying in bed , she began to wish she had never laid eyes on one paul keegan . 
 the team she had considered almost perfect was crumbling before her eyes . 
 julie was touchy , and anne was becoming rather unpleasant . 
 she could not even look at paul , and anne was making it fairly evident katryn should stay from tom , too . 
 it amazed her how quickly the tide could turn . 
 on her way to work tuesday morning , katryn felt things could not possibly get any worse . 
 they did , in fact , take a slight turn for the better when dottie surprised her with a beautiful dried flower arrangement that she had made . 
 `` it 's to thank you for introducing me to joe . 
 he seems really nice , '' she explained to katryn . 
 not ten minutes later , though , things did indeed get a lot worse . 
 paul walked into the store and invited her to , in fact demanded her presence at , lunch . 
 when she tried to politely refuse , paul 's eyes flashed danger signals , and his voice dropped two octaves . 
 `` we need to talk , '' he quietly said `` paul , please do n't , '' she begged quietly . 
 `` you join me for lunch , or i 'll have a long talk with julie . '' 
 he meant it . 
 she saw it in his eyes . 
 she nodded , walked towards the back of the store where dottie was helping a customer , and explained she was going to lunch . 
 dottie turned to see whom she was going with , and smiled her approval of paul . 
 `` no need to hurry back , '' dottie told her employer , thinking how she had expected to see that tall good looking man back long before now . 
 katryn went unwillingly with paul to the restaurant . 
 his same table had been reserved for him and katryn absently remembered it was tuesday . 
 katryn told paul she really was not hungry , so he ordered for both of them . 
 the waitress walked away and paul told katryn they would talk after they ate , like before . 
 katryn really was not hungry . 
 she picked at , and pushed around the beautiful trout that graced her plate . 
 she hated wasting such well prepared food , but she felt if she ate anything , it would surely stick in her throat . 
 when paul was finished , he frowned at how little she had eaten , but said nothing . 
 he called the waitress over to remove their plates and bring them some coffee . 
 when the coffee was poured and the waitress gone , paul started in on her . 
 `` now , katryn , the rules change a little . 
 i played your way , accepted my one and only choice , and made the best of it . 
 you , however , are backing out of your end of the bargain , and i wo n't have it . '' 
 he was pleased to see the anger in her eyes when she answered him . 
 `` you wo n't have it ? 
 just what do you think you have to say about it ? '' 
 `` just this . '' 
 she saw his cool blue eyes darken menacingly . 
 `` i accepted friendship because it was all you offered . 
 now you 're pulling that away , too . 
 do n't argue , '' he told her when she started to protest . 
 `` you 're leaving denny 's earlier and earlier every night . 
 you refuse to even look at me . 
 now you say you might not make dancing . '' 
 his look dared her to deny what he said . 
 she did not , so he continued . 
 `` the way i see it , i no longer have anything to lose . 
 you wo n't even allow me the promised friendship . 
 so now the tables are turning . 
 either you start being part of the team again , stay and talk with us , go dancing with us , at least pretend to enjoy being with us , or i go to julie . 
 and if you make me angry enough , i might not only tell her everything that 's gone on , i might even find myself embellishing what her best friend and i were doing behind her back , so to speak . '' 
 katryn stared , horrified . 
 there was no doubt in her mind about whether or not he would actually do exactly what he threatened . 
 she half believed she deserved it , anyway . 
 she had dug herself into this hole , after all . 
 when she thought about the repercussions , she cringed . 
 julie , of course , would hate her , and would most probably quit the team . 
 after julie explained to everyone what katryn had done , the team would come apart as people chose whose side they were on . 
 even tom , good old tom , would probably side with julie when he found what an awful friend katryn had turned out to be . 
 she would lose julie , the team , tom , and of course , she would never be able to forgive paul . 
 she refused to even look at him when he asked , `` well ? '' 
 `` what choice do i have ? '' 
 she answered , defeated . 
 `` the same choice you offered me . 
 only this time you 'll play by my rules . '' 
 `` which are ? '' 
 she asked in a whisper , afraid of the answer . 
 `` first , you are n't to tell julie of this lunch , or about our discussion , '' he mocked . 
 `` second , you 'll go to the dances with us every week with no further excuses about your sitter . 
 third , you 'll stay till at least 10:00 at denny 's . 
 your sitter did n't mind when i first joined , surely she wo n't now . 
 and fourth , katryn , '' he tipped her face up towards his , forcing her to look at him . 
 `` fourth , you will have lunch with me every tuesday . '' 
 `` and if i ca n't ? '' 
 she asked finally . 
 `` if you wo n't , '' he corrected , `` i 'll go to julie . '' 
 katryn put herself on auto pilot , refusing to try to make any sense of what had happened , or to think about it at all . 
 she functioned well at work , and at home . 
 even the boys did not seem to notice a change . 
 friday night rolled around , and katryn steeled herself for the night , vowing to herself that she would at least look like she was having a good time . 
 volleyball helped . 
 she enjoyed playing , even when they lost . 
 and tonight , they did lose one of their matches . 
 they played well , though , and did beat jim 's team . 
 they went straight to kelly 's after the games , and katryn honestly tried to have a good time . 
 she was sure she was fooling everyone . 
 julie was too interested in paul to notice if anything were amiss with katryn . 
 tom was kept dancing continually , with anne asking him most of the time . 
 no-one else knew her well enough to see through her guise . 
 paul did not ask her to dance very often , and never during a slow dance . 
 after the first set , a friend of paul 's showed up and joined their table . 
 bill was in his early forties , slender , blonde , and had big brown eyes . 
 he seemed taken with julie , and asked her to dance quite often . 
 when they were in the powder room together , julie asked katryn what she thought of bill . 
 `` seems nice . 
 dances well . 
 hardly gives anyone else a chance at you . 
 it must be fun to be so popular , '' katryn teased . 
 `` it has been fun this evening , '' julie admitted . 
 `` paul 's been rather attentive , too . 
 i think bill 's making him a little jealous . 
 at least , i hope , '' she added . 
 for just a moment katryn had had her hopes up . 
 julie 's last statement crushed them again . 
 she should have known things would not work out that well for her . 
 julie would never like bill more than paul ! 
 katryn was beginning to feel just a little like a bump on a log as the evening wore on . 
 anne and tom danced together quite often . 
 mary had bob . 
 julie had bill and paul . 
 ken and ed went to other tables to ask younger women to dance . 
 not that she could complain she was sitting too much , she really sat out very few . 
 after all , the odds were still in her favor . 
 by the end of the third set , mary and bob had left . 
 ken and ed all but deserted . 
 tom and anne were becoming quite a pair , and katryn watched bill and paul taking turns dancing with julie . 
 she had to admit bill was the perfect gentleman , asking her to dance , too . 
 but it was obvious he liked julie . 
 paul asked katryn for a few more fast dances , and even took anne from tom for a slow one . 
 tom danced with katryn , and she felt good knowing he was still a friend . 
 she felt comfortable dancing with him , and almost hated when the song came to an end . 
 anne immediately reclaimed tom . 
 when she got back to the table , katryn told the others she had to go . 
 `` i work tomorrow , '' she explained , daring paul to argue . 
 ed came over when she was putting on her coat . 
 `` i 'm leaving , too . 
 i 'll walk you to your car if you 'd like . '' 
 `` thanks , '' she told him and they left together . 
 `` did you find someone your age ? '' 
 katryn asked him . 
 `` sorta ' . 
 she would n't give me her number , though . 
 she said she 'd be here next friday , so who knows ? '' 
 he raised his eyebrows and rolled his eyes . 
 she had to laugh at the face he made . 
 `` just do n't do that when you ask her out ! '' 
 she warned lightly . 
 ed waved goodbye , still rolling his eyes . 
 katryn drove away feeling relieved . 
 she had made it through the night . 
 the fact that everyone had at least one ` someone ' but her did not make the thought of friday night dancing any easier to take , though . 
 monday evening 's practice was a little hectic , and anne picked a fight with julie . 
 denny 's ended up being slightly strained , but katryn was glad anne was angry at someone else . 
 when paul called tuesday morning to say he would have to miss lunch , katryn was relieved . 
 a little less stress would do her wonders . 
 work , during the week , was busy , and her only high point was that joe showed up more than once , and dottie seemed to light up like a lighthouse whenever he was around . 
 friday rolled around quickly and katryn was looking forward to volleyball . 
 they won all three matches that night , and ended up at kelly 's in really good spirits . 
 ed saw his friend right away , and soon was entrenched at her table . 
 ken also found some other women to dance with . 
 he danced with his teammates too , though , so katryn was kept busy . 
 around ten , bill and another friend of paul 's showed up . 
 larry was only slightly taller than katryn , with dark brown hair and piercing gray eyes . 
 he was not bad looking at all , and katryn was pleasantly surprised to have him asking her for quite a few dances . 
 she noticed julie eyeing him , and when they went into the powder room this time , julie mentioned he seemed fairly nice . 
 katryn agreed . 
 he did seem nice . 
 he paled next to paul , but he was a welcome diversion . 
 larry monopolized katryn 's time , and with ken , tom , bob and even bill asking her for dances , she rarely saw paul at all . 
 for her part , she tried not to think of whom he was dancing all the slow songs with , and was extra glad larry was there to keep her busy . 
 she and larry left the dance floor after two dances in a row , and paul met them half-way back to their table . 
 `` may i have this dance ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 larry bowed and placed katryn 's hand in paul 's before he walked back towards the table . 
 katryn was surprised to see julie get up and ask larry to dance before he even got to the table , but she soon forgot all about larry . 
 the band was playing another slow song , and paul held her close . 
 the sparks coursed through her the moment he pulled her near . 
 every part of her tingled in awareness of him . 
 his hand burned through her shirt again , and when he whispered in her ear , she fairly jumped out of her shoes . 
 `` i 'm pleased to see you trying so hard to pretend to enjoy yourself , '' he said none too nicely . 
 `` did you miss me at lunch tuesday ? '' 
 katryn tried to pull back slightly , but he pulled her even closer to him . 
 `` no , i did n't miss you , '' she lied . 
 `` i was quite relieved . 
 but i suppose you 'd like it better if i were miserable , '' she answered in kind . 
 `` it would seem more fair , '' he admitted . 
 his hands began to slowly roam up and down her back while he whispered in her ear , `` you do seem to be enjoying yourself now . '' 
 `` please , paul . 
 not here . 
 julie will ... '' `` julie would n't even notice , '' he assured her . 
 `` bill is keeping her quite busy . 
 and right now she seems pretty happy with larry . '' 
 he turned and loosened his grip so she could see the truth behind his words . 
 julie was dancing , if possible , even closer to larry than she was to paul . 
 katryn was a little surprised that julie would act so friendly with someone katryn had been dancing with . 
 `` do you really think julie would turn larry down for your friendship ? '' 
 paul asked , reading her mind . 
 `` of course she would , '' katryn defended her best friend . 
 pulling katryn close again , he shook his head in disbelief . 
 katryn lost track of julie almost immediately . 
 paul was too close , his hands were too warm , and she no longer had any control over her body . 
 all her resolve , all the promises she had made were slipping away . 
 the walls she had erected were crumbling . 
 her senses were filled with paul - his scent , his touch , his voice . 
 where her head rested against his chest she could feel the quickening beat of his heart . 
 she felt as if she were drowning in him . 
 had she wanted to save herself , wanted to pull away , she would have been unable . 
 paul held her too close . 
 her head began to swim as he twirled her faster and faster around the floor . 
 eyes closed and holding tight , she knew she would soon be beyond the point of caring about julie . 
 julie ! 
 her head echoed , reverberated as it shouted the name . 
 julie ! 
 your best friend ! 
 only katryn could have heard the warning , and yet paul must have sensed it . 
 the whirling slowed , he loosened his hold on her , and when , finally , the dance ended , he pulled himself away from her . 
 it was like a physical loss when they separated . 
 katryn felt cold and achingly alone , her feelings in a type of shock . 
 and when the shock slowly ebbed , she was left with the pain . 
 that one dance , a dance that both lasted too long and ended too soon , showed her how good it would feel with paul . 
 and then , that same dance had let her know exactly how deep would be the loss . 
 she was playing with a much more dangerous flame than she had ever imagined . 
 she had been scorched already , now she wondered just how badly burned he would leave her . 
 katryn left shortly after her dance with paul . 
 larry walked her to her car and asked if she would be there next friday . 
 if she sounded skeptical when she assured him she would , he did not seem to notice . 
 she headed home to lick her wounds . 
 too exhausted to even think , katryn fell asleep immediately and awoke feeling only slightly refreshed in the morning . 
 she was thankful she could go to work a little late since dottie was opening the store . 
 ryan and timmy fought over breakfast , and ryan whined about having to be with a sitter all day . 
 `` other kids do fun things on the weekends , we never do , '' he told her . 
 `` other kids do their work saturday and play sunday , '' she answered , refusing to be drawn into a fight . 
 `` you two agree on what you 'd like to do tomorrow , and if your work 's done , we 'll do it . '' 
 `` roller-skating ? '' 
 ryan asked . 
 `` no . 
 a movie , '' timmy demanded . 
 `` work it out , guys . 
 you have to agree , '' she told them . 
 she was saved by audrey 's arrival and she left for work . 
 when she arrived at work , katryn found joe ` browsing ' while dottie waited on customers . 
 they all had lunch together , and dottie asked if katryn and the boys would like to join joe and her for supper sunday . 
 katryn said yes , knowing the boys would love to see joe and dottie again . 
 after work , katryn picked up the movie mary poppins and some ice cream . 
 when she got home , timmy told her the good news . 
 `` ryan and i agreed . 
 a movie and roller-skating . '' 
 katryn reached down and took both her boys in her arms . 
 laughing , she gave them each a squeeze and told them that was pretty sneaky . 
 she had to admit , though , that she had not said that they had to agree on only one thing . 
 she would have to remember in the future , to be more specific ! 
 after checking to see that their work was done , she called the roller rink and the theater . 
 they could go skating in the morning , go to see a movie in the afternoon , and go to dinner at dottie 's afterwards . 
 she fixed a quick supper , topped it off with ice cream , and then the three of them watched mary poppins . 
 the boys were so excited about tomorrow that katryn had no trouble getting them into the bathtub , and into bed . 
 katryn soaked in the tub when the boys were asleep . 
 she focused on all the good things in her life . 
 two healthy , happy sons who were a joy to raise . 
 she had her own business that was doing well . 
 she had dottie and joe for family . 
 tom and julie were good friends . 
 if she looked at all the positives , her life seemed pretty darn good . 
 so why did n't if feel so good , she asked herself , before falling asleep . 
 why did it suddenly seem not good enough ? 
 katryn started sunday morning refreshed and ready . 
 she only fell twice skating , made it all the way through the teenage mutant ninja turtles movie , and they arrived at dottie 's on time with the boys looking faintly angelic in slacks , sweaters , and ties . 
 she had not told her sons that joe would be there , and they were excited to see him , too . 
 it had been awhile since the boys had seen dottie or joe , and katryn was reminded she should make sure the boys saw more of their only ` grandparents ' . 
 she was glad soccer season would start soon . 
 then joe would see the boys more often . 
 katryn was helping dottie get supper ready when she saw the glitter from dottie 's right hand . 
 katryn pointed to the ring and tears came to dottie 's eyes . 
 `` that 's what we wanted to tell you tonight . 
 joe 's asked me to marry him . '' 
 `` oh , dottie , how wonderful . 
 you two are perfect for each other . '' 
 dinner was a joyous occasion with timmy and ryan also excited that grampa joe and dottie would be married . 
 joe even promised katryn that dottie could stay working at the store if she wanted . 
 dottie quickly assured all of them that she had no intention of quitting . 
 dottie told katryn and the boys all about joe 's proposal . 
 how he had asked her to marry him friday night with flowers , candy , and on bended knee . 
 joe 's face turned red when dottie let katryn know how romantic ` grampa joe ' could be . 
 it had been joe 's idea to keep it a secret until they could all celebrate together at dinner , dottie told her . 
 `` i was dying to tell you all day yesterday , '' dottie explained . 
 `` i even had to take the ring off so you would n't see . 
 but joe said he wanted to tell you and the boys together ! '' 
 joe nodded , and katryn knew her boys had a pretty wonderful set of grandparents right here . 
 before she left , katryn found out they were to be married in december . 
 dottie asked if katryn would stand for her , and katryn assured dottie she would be honored . 
 the boys went right to bed , when they got home . 
 katryn was not sure if it was because of the good news , or how busy they had been , and decided it was probably a little of each . 
 katryn was soon asleep , too . 
 joe and dottie had improved her spirits greatly . 
 chapter 8 monday was a little slow at work , and dottie had been just about to leave when katryn got a call from the principal at pasadena park . 
 it seemed that ryan had fallen off the monkey bars and they were afraid he might have broken his arm . 
 the school nurse would drive him to the emergency clinic if katryn wanted to meet them there . 
 dottie stayed to keep the shop open , and katryn hurried to the clinic . 
 she was not an overly protective mother . 
 she had been raised with four brothers who had managed to cut , scrape , bruise or break all parts of their bodies with no real lasting effects . 
 still she was anxious to see how badly broken ryan 's arm was . 
 she found herself exceeding the speed limit more than once on her drive across town . 
 when she got into the minor emergency room , a nurse showed her back to ryan 's room . 
 a doctor was looking at x-rays clipped to a viewing screen along the wall . 
 katryn looked at her son , instead . 
 his left arm was bent slightly , near the wrist . 
 it was obviously broken , even she could tell . 
 ryan must have cried a little , she realized when saw the tear stains on his face . 
 `` how 're you doing ? '' 
 she asked him , sitting down in a chair the nurse brought for her . 
 with his right hand he took hold of his mother 's hand and squeezed . 
 `` i did n't cry at school , '' he told her . 
 `` just a little in the car . 
 i wanted you to be here . '' 
 `` i am , '' she reassured him . 
 then added , `` you know , ryan , it would have been ok even if you had cried at school . 
 broken bones hurt a lot . '' 
 `` mrs. delaney , '' the doctor interrupted . 
 `` i 'm doctor dolan , an orthopedic doctor . 
 as i 'm sure you can see , ryan 's arm is definitely broken . 
 both the radius and ulna are involved . 
 i 'm sure it 'll set well , but i 'd like to do it under anesthesia . '' 
 katryn nodded . 
 he continued . 
 `` ryan had lunch about 11:30 , so i 'd like to wait till 5:30 to take him to surgery . 
 we want to be sure there 's nothing on his stomach when he has the anesthetic . '' 
 katryn nodded again . 
 `` i 'd like to fix this at sacred heart . 
 they have an operating room available at 5:30 . 
 if you 'd like , you could go there from here . 
 they could help keep ryan quiet and comfortable . 
 i 'll call over and leave an order for pain medication if he needs it . 
 if we get started by 5:30 , he 'll probably be out of surgery by no later than 6:30 . 
 if he wakes up feeling ok , he can go home by 7:30 or 8:00 . '' 
 katryn nodded again . 
 `` i 'll need your signature on a permit . 
 we 'll want him to keep ice on his arm till surgery to keep the swelling down . '' 
 katryn let go of ryan 's hand and went to the desk to sign the operating permit . 
 when she got back to her son , she explained in words he could understand what was going on . 
 the nurse came in with a sling and carefully put it on so ryan 's arm would be held safely against his chest . 
 katryn drove ryan the few blocks to the hospital . 
 he was made comfortable on a stretcher with his arm propped up on pillows . 
 one nurse placed ice bags on either side of the break . 
 another nurse came in to put an iv in his other arm and give him something for the pain . 
 katryn left the room while the nurse was putting the iv in , and called dottie . 
 next katryn called audrey who said she would not mind staying with timmy and would fix his supper . 
 katryn went back in with ryan and held his hand . 
 he dozed occasionally , the medication relieving his pain quite effectively . 
 at five o’clock the nurses came in to take ryan to surgery . 
 katryn kissed him goodbye and gave his hand a squeeze before he left . 
 she went back out to the waiting room , and wished she had at least brought a good book to keep her mind occupied . 
 it was 6:30 and she had leafed through every spare magazine in the waiting room when dottie came in with joe . 
 `` how 's he doing ? '' 
 joe asked . 
 `` i do n't know yet , '' katryn told him . 
 her two friends sat beside her on the couch she occupied . 
 `` by the way , katryn , the new calvin and hobbes came in this afternoon . 
 i thought you might like a copy , '' dottie knew it was one of her favorites . 
 `` thanks . 
 i imagine i 'll have plenty of time to read this tonight . '' 
 `` now you listen to me , '' joe told her sternly . 
 `` we do n't want you at the store tomorrow . 
 dottie ` n i 'll do just fine . 
 you stay home with ryan , you hear ? '' 
 she hugged joe and told them both thanks . 
 the truth was , she hated to ask them , but she had wanted to stay home tomorrow with ryan . 
 she was sure he would be fine , and would want to show off his cast by wednesday , but she thought he might need one day of rest . 
 the doctor came over to katryn while she was thanking joe and dottie . 
 `` everything went well . 
 i think it 'll heal nicely . 
 i 'd like you to wait till 8:00 before you take him home so the cast will be drier . 
 i need to see him in two weeks . 
 i 'll take off his cast , x-ray the arm again , and if all 's well , i 'll re-cast . 
 the nurses will give you medication for pain , and an instruction sheet explaining what to watch for in the next couple of days . 
 otherwise he 's fine , as i said . 
 oh , and he can go back to school tomorrow , if the cast is completely dry and he 's in a hurry . 
 if not , i 'd prefer he wait till wednesday . 
 any questions ? '' 
 `` none i can think of . '' 
 she knew she would probably think of hundreds of them after he left , though . 
 `` fine . 
 if you 'll call the office and make the appointment , i 'll see you in two weeks . '' 
 `` thanks , doctor dolan . '' 
 `` you 've got a fine son , there , mrs. delaney , '' he told her before leaving . 
 not five minutes later the nurse told katryn she could go see ryan . 
 joe and dottie were allowed back , too . 
 ryan was groggy , but awake . 
 he had a blue paper cap on his head , and in his bed was a latex glove blown up into a 5 fingered balloon . 
 it had a face drawn on it . 
 he told his mother that one of his nurses , judy , had made it for him . 
 joe gave ryan a stuffed ninja turtle he had hidden in his coat . 
 the turtle had a band aid and sling on his left arm . 
 `` he went right over to the stuffed animal store as soon as you called . 
 he even made the sling himself ! '' 
 dottie whispered to katryn . 
 ryan hugged the turtle close with his good right arm , and slowly drifted back to sleep . 
 `` we 'd better go now , katryn , '' dottie said quietly when ryan fell asleep . 
 `` thanks for everything . '' 
 katryn hugged them both again , and this time there were tears in her eyes . 
 `` remember , '' joe whispered . 
 `` do n't even think of showing up at the store tomorrow . '' 
 then he and dottie left . 
 katryn wiped her tears away , sat down in the comfy chair beside ryan 's bed , and started to read calvin and hobbes . 
 it was almost nine o’clock when katryn and ryan got home . 
 audrey apologized for allowing timmy to stay up , but she told katryn he refused to go to bed till ryan got home . 
 ryan sleepily showed his brother the cast and his turtle before katryn carried him into his room and put him to bed . 
 when she tucked timmy in , she explained that grampa joe had gotten ryan the turtle . 
 `` it 's ok , mom . 
 he got it ` cause he broke his arm . 
 i 'm just glad i did n't break my arm ` cause soccer games start soon . '' 
 `` ryan might have to give up soccer this season , '' katryn agreed . 
 `` i 'd rather play soccer than have a ninja turtle , '' timmy told her . 
 she kissed her son goodnight , and went back to the living room to read . 
 she checked on ryan at ten , eleven and twelve , and would have checked on him through the night if she had not fallen sound asleep in the recliner . 
 she woke up a little after six and slowly remembered why she was not in her own bed . 
 she checked ryan again , and then made her way upstairs to shower . 
 timmy ate breakfast with his mother while ryan slept on . 
 he walked to the bus stop for the first time that year , and told his classmates all about his brother . 
 katryn and ryan spent a quiet day at home . 
 katryn read him most of calvin and hobbes , and he napped for a short while after lunch . 
 she could see his energy returning , and she knew he would be more than ready for school in the morning . 
 he was in a hurry to show off his cast , and his ninja turtle , to his classmates . 
 he even made his mother wait until after timmy signed his cast before she could . 
 katryn had just finished reading to the boys and was in the kitchen deciding what to fix for dinner when the doorbell rang . 
 timmy came and got her . 
 `` there 's a man at the door to see you , mom . '' 
 katryn walked into the living room and stopped short . 
 paul was feeling ryan 's cast and asking how he was . 
 `` he said he knows you from volleyball . 
 i hope it 's ok that we let him in ? '' 
 timmy asked quickly . 
 before katryn could answer , paul spoke up . 
 `` dottie told me what happened to ryan . '' 
 reaching to the floor behind him , he picked up two wrapped boxes and a beautiful long stemmed dark red rose . 
 `` i hope you do n't mind that i brought something by for ryan , and for timmy , '' he said . 
 she shook her head , so he handed both boxes to timmy . 
 `` maybe you could help your brother open his , first ? '' 
 paul asked , showing the boys the bigger box was ryan 's . 
 the boys thanked him , then hurried over to the sofa and sat down . 
 timmy started to open ryan 's box first . 
 `` this is for you , of course , '' paul handed katryn the rose . 
 she looked up questioningly and he answered , `` it 's an apology of sorts for what i was thinking about you . 
 first , you did n't show up for volleyball last night , and then when i came to get you for lunch , you were n't there . 
 i thought you had gone back on our deal '' he admitted . 
 `` dottie must have explained , '' katryn guessed . 
 `` thank you for the rose . 
 and for thinking of the boys . '' 
 `` mommy , look what we got ! '' 
 ryan exclaimed . 
 `` i got a nerf soccer ball , ninja turtle coloring book , crayons and a soccer game . '' 
 he held up an electronic game he could barely hold with one hand . 
 `` i got the same things , only not the nerf ball , '' timmy said , excitedly pushing buttons on his electronic game . 
 `` i thought ryan might want to stay in practice with soccer , '' paul explained to katryn . 
 `` and i was afraid he might not be allowed to play with regular soccer balls while he 's in the cast . '' 
 katryn was taken aback by how thoughtful paul had been . 
 she thanked him again . 
 the boys , remembering their manners , thanked him again , also . 
 `` would you like to sign my cast ? '' 
 ryan asked . 
 paul said he would be honored . 
 while paul was writing on the cast , timmy asked his mother how to play the game . 
 when she admitted she knew nothing about it , paul offered to help . 
 `` would you stay and play a game with me , then ? '' 
 timmy invited . 
 paul turned to katryn and asked if she would mind . 
 `` no . '' 
 she could hardly throw him out when he had been so thoughtful , she told herself . 
 then she heard herself ask , `` would you like to stay for dinner ? 
 i was just going to fix something . '' 
 `` you had n't started anything yet , had you ? '' 
 `` no , as a matter of fact i 'm running a little late tonight . '' 
 `` good , '' he told her . 
 as i have pizza being delivered ... '' the door bell rang and he smiled . 
 `` ... right now , i 'll bet . 
 dottie assured me you and the boys like pizza . 
 i hope it 's ok ? '' 
 he did n't wait for her answer , but instead opened the door , took the large box from the delivery man and paid him . 
 `` oh boy , pizza ! '' 
 ryan yelled . 
 timmy offered to set the table , but katryn told him she would do it . 
 paul followed her out to the kitchen , pizza in hand . 
 `` you do n't mind , do you ? '' 
 he asked , sitting the box on the counter . 
 `` no , '' she said , and quickly turned to the cupboard . 
 she had not been quick enough , though , and paul saw the glint in her eye . 
 `` katryn , what 's wrong ? '' 
 reaching for her shoulders , he turned her around to look at him . 
 seeing the tears , he started to apologize . 
 `` i 'm sorry ; i did n't mean to make you cry . 
 i 'll leave ... '' she shook her head . 
 `` it 's ok , paul . 
 it was just so nice of you ... '' he took her in his arms and held her close . 
 it took a moment until she could compose herself . 
 this was a side of paul she had never seen . 
 this side was so different from the paul who demanded she do things his way , the paul who had danced so suggestively with her . 
 this side was so much more appealing . 
 she pulled away and assured paul he was welcome to join them for supper . 
 he helped her set the table , and soon the four of them were eating pizza together . 
 timmy wolfed down one slice of pizza , and was catching his breath before the next one . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 timmy finally asked paul . 
 `` paul 's the new guy on the volleyball team . '' 
 katryn answered , smiling at her son 's lack of tact . 
 `` oh , '' was all timmy said . 
 katryn knew why timmy gave ryan a disappointed look , and wondered if paul had noticed . 
 changing the subject she asked ryan if he were able to play his game . 
 `` a little bit , '' he admitted . 
 paul promised to show both of them how to play the games after supper , and talk got around to soccer . 
 paul asked lots of questions about the team the boys played on , the positions they played and how their team was doing . 
 he listened attentively to all their answers , and katryn knew he had easily won them over . 
 after dinner , katryn shooed the three of them out of the kitchen and did the dishes . 
 paul had offered to help , but she had assured him it was ok ; he could show the boys how to play their games . 
 in the quiet of the kitchen , katryn marveled at how well paul got on with her sons . 
 he was never patronizing , never talked down to them . 
 he had , in fact , seemed truly interested in what they had to say . 
 she really wished she had not seen him like this , not seen how he could be with her sons . 
 she started into the living room and heard timmy ask paul , `` do you like julie ? '' 
 `` she seems like a nice person , '' he answered non-commitally . 
 `` no , i mean do you like her ... '' timmy quit when he saw the look of anger on his mother 's face . 
 `` how 're the games going ? '' 
 she quickly interjected . 
 even katryn broke down and played the soccer game . 
 they made teams up , and paul & ryan won two out of three games . 
 timmy was ready for another try when katryn noticed the time . 
 `` sorry , sport , but it 's bed time . 
 it 's a school night . '' 
 `` aw , mom , '' timmy started to complain . 
 `` maybe your mom would let me come back some time and we 'll play again ok ? '' 
 paul quickly offered . 
 timmy and ryan both looked to their mother . 
 when she nodded , they whooped and yeah ' ed loudly . 
 then they kissed their mom , shook hands with paul , and headed to their rooms to change into pajamas . 
 `` they 're really nice boys , katryn . 
 you 've done a good job with them . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 but they were born ` good ' . 
 i do n't think a i had a whole lot to do with it . '' 
 `` give yourself some credit . 
 of course you had a lot to do with it . 
 they 're well-mannered and polite . 
 kids are n't born well-mannered and polite . '' 
 `` well , thanks . 
 and thanks for the flower , and their games - and , in fact , dinner . 
 it was a very nice evening . '' 
 paul did not answer immediately , and katryn would have sworn she saw a look of regret in his eyes . 
 he recovered quickly , though . 
 `` it was a nice evening . 
 by the way , '' he asked , `` why did timmy look so disappointed to hear i was on your team ? '' 
 her face reddened to a deep rose hue when she answered him . 
 `` they know i would n't date someone julie 's dating . '' 
 `` do they want you to date ? '' 
 he prodded . 
 taking a deep breath , she answered honestly . 
 `` yes . 
 they want a father desperately . '' 
 `` any man would consider himself very lucky to have them for sons , katryn . '' 
 he saw tears spring to her eyes . 
 he stood and walked over to her . 
 he kissed her softly . 
 then he pulled away from her and asked , `` will i see you friday ? '' 
 in spite of how nice he was being , katryn could not forget the dance they had shared last time . 
 `` paul , i 'm not sure ... '' she started . 
 `` i promise we 'll have no repeat performance on the dance floor . '' 
 he assured her , seeming to read her mind . 
 `` well , then , i guess i 'll be there . '' 
 he surprised her by thanking her . 
 then he left . 
 he was an enigma to her . 
 she wanted to hate him , but she could not . 
 she wanted to quit seeing him , but she could not . 
 she wanted to tell him how much she cared , but she could not . 
 she was awake in bed for quite some time wondering if there were more sides to paul she had not seen yet . 
 wednesday katryn went back to work . 
 it was a relatively slow day , so dottie left early . 
 joe picked her up and they went to supper . 
 katryn 's evening was pretty busy , what with checking all the names on ryan 's cast , playing the new soccer game , and then cub scouts . 
 the boys never mentioned paul , and katryn spent a lot of time trying not to think of how well he had gotten along with her boys . 
 friday morning katryn was at the shop early , as usual . 
 joe came in to browse before he began work , and he and katryn discussed the upcoming wedding . 
 `` we 're selling both our houses , '' he told her . 
 `` we 're getting a three bedroom apartment . 
 she 'll have a room for her flower arranging things , and i 'll have an office , '' he explained . 
 `` we 'll even have a day bed in her room for visitors , '' he added . 
 if he had seemed even a little nervous talking to katryn , she would have put it down to pre-nuptial jitters . 
 she never noticed that he was perhaps a bit more talkative than usual . 
 when he left to go to work , katryn began straightening shelves and adding new books where they belonged . 
 it was a bit quiet for a friday , but katryn was enjoying the change of pace and never noticed the time . 
 at 12:20 dottie hurried in and back to the office . 
 katryn looked up from her work for a quick ` hi ' . 
 at 12:30 , the festivities began . 
 joe came in the door with paul , a large group of employees from the flour mill , and quite a few of katryn 's regular customers . 
 they began to sing `` happy birthday to you . '' 
 katryn looked surprised . 
 her birthday was late june . 
 she listened as they continued . 
 `` ... happy birthday katryn 's book store ... '' and she suddenly realized it must be march 17th ! 
 she was stunned . 
 never before had she been unprepared for st. patrick 's day , and these last 7 years she had had an extra reason to celebrate . 
 she decided she had been much more pre-occupied than she had imagined . 
 her eyes grew moist , and she thanked everyone . 
 while dottie fixed green punch , joe placed a sheet cake on the counter . 
 white with green shamrocks , it read , ` happy 7th birthday , katryn ' . 
 a shopkeeper from one of the other stores handed her a very large card . 
 `` happy birthday to one of our favorite shops , katryn . 
 may you have many , many more birthdays with us , '' she read it aloud . 
 it had at least a hundred signatures . 
 `` i got most of your regulars to sign when you took your lunch breaks , and all day tuesday , '' dottie told her . 
 katryn was overwhelmed . 
 `` do n't you start crying , '' joe ordered . 
 `` you 'll ruin the cake . '' 
 she laughed along with the others . 
 she blew out the seven candles on her cake , and then dottie served cake while paul ladled punch . 
 it seemed to katryn that every person she had ever seen in the mill showed up sometime that afternoon . 
 shop keepers told her how much they appreciated her letting them shop before the mill opened . 
 customers told her how they enjoyed her friendly service . 
 the time went by so quickly , and she was busy talking to so many friends , that she was totally surprised when there was a lull and joe exclaimed , `` should be slowing down ! 
 it 's well after closing , you know . '' 
 `` fastest afternoon i 've ever had ! '' 
 katryn admitted , looking at her watch . 
 `` thank you . 
 you and dottie ... '' `` and paul , '' dottie added . 
 `` he had a bit to do with this , too . '' 
 katryn saw paul was still at the punch bowl . 
 `` have you been there all afternoon ? '' 
 she asked , surprised . 
 `` and you never even noticed ! '' 
 his eyes twinkled when he answered . 
 `` thank you . 
 all 3 of you . 
 i ca n't tell you how much all of this means ... '' `` then do n't try , '' joe told her . 
 `` you 've done plenty for everyone else all along . 
 we just wanted to do something for you . '' 
 katryn gave joe a big hug . 
 `` you 're the best , joe , '' she kissed his cheek . 
 dottie walked over and katryn hugged her , too . 
 `` thank you dottie . 
 i could n't have found a better family for the boys then you two . '' 
 the three of them had tears in their eyes . 
 joe , embarrassed , harrumphed . 
 `` guess we better get this cleaned up , eh ? '' 
 dottie searched for mislaid paper cups while joe got the tables wiped off . 
 paul took the punch bowl to the back room to rinse out . 
 before she knew it , katryn 's store was spic ` n ' span . 
 then joe and dottie said they had to leave . 
 `` i 'll be here to open in the morning , katryn . 
 have fun at the dance . '' 
 dottie told her before they left . 
 only paul remained . 
 he had said nothing while katryn again thanked dottie and joe . 
 after they left , katryn turned to him . 
 `` this was really sweet , paul . 
 i do n't know how to thank you . '' 
 `` you gave the others a hug , '' he suggested . 
 she nodded . 
 he held her close , but this time was different . 
 though the electricity was there , though her heart was racing , this time his hug was tender and caring . 
 he held her a long time before letting go . 
 `` i have something for you , '' he said , reaching into his inside coat pocket . 
 he handed her a long thin box . 
 nervously , she unwrapped it . 
 it was a jeweler 's box . 
 she snapped it open to find a simple gold chain with a beautiful emerald shamrock . 
 `` it 's ... beautiful , '' she stammered . 
 `` oh , paul , you should n't have . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 he asked , cocking an eye brow . 
 `` no , you really should n't have , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` but since you did , and since i 'm sure you 'd be heartbroken if i made you take it back ... '' `` very heartbroken , '' he agreed . 
 he too , was smiling . 
 `` then perhaps i should keep it . '' 
 `` perhaps you should , '' he repeated , more seriously . 
 then he asked , `` may i help you put it on ? '' 
 when she nodded , he took the gold chain from the box . 
 katryn turned away from him and held her hair up off her neck . 
 he fastened the two ends of the necklace and then turned her towards him . 
 `` how does it look ? '' 
 she asked , fingering the shamrock . 
 `` it looks like it was made for you . 
 it 's as beautiful as you are . '' 
 katryn blushed . 
 he took her face in his hands and kissed her . 
 her arms wound around him unconsciously , and he pulled her close to him , his kiss becoming more demanding . 
 katryn felt the sparks as his kiss grew more intense , his hands pulling her closer and closer . 
 her hands slipped under his coat to press against his back , holding him even closer than he held her . 
 she felt him pull back . 
 surprised , she looked into his eyes and for just a moment she thought she saw pain . 
 he recovered quickly , and with the twinkle back in his eye , explained . 
 `` i made a promise tuesday , that i have to keep even if this is n't a dance floor , '' he reminded her . 
 `` and i 'll bet ryan and timmy would n't be too impressed with a fellow who ca n't keep a promise . '' 
 katryn nodded . 
 she realized she owed him . 
 she was not at all sure she would have been able to pull away this time . 
 `` by the way , i talked to audrey and she said you were going straight to the games from work . 
 we 'd have just enough time for a quick sandwich if we go now . '' 
 going for a sandwich sounded good to katryn . 
 not that she was hungry , but being alone with paul right now sounded too good to pass up - even if they had to be alone in a crowded restaurant . 
 she went to the back room , brushed through her hair , quickly touched up her makeup , and started out the door . 
 she rushed back for her volleyball clothes , and they stopped at her car long enough for her to drop her uniform off . 
 then paul escorted her to his car . 
 over sandwiches , katryn told paul about some of the people he had met at her party . 
 though she had thought she was not hungry , she was able to do justice to a delicious turkey and swiss . 
 when they were finished , paul took her back to her car and followed her to shaw jr. . 
 hi for the volleyball games . 
 katryn locked her necklace in the glove box before going into the gym . 
 though she hated to take it off , no jewelry was allowed during games . 
 paul waited a moment outside and let katryn go into the gym first so it would not look like if they had come together . 
 they changed into their uniforms in the appropriate locker rooms , and then met their teammates on one of the courts for a quick warm up . 
 they lost one match , but katryn told her team they should still be at the top of the league because the next best team had already lost 3 games going into tonight 's games . 
 it was , in fact , jim 's team . 
 after the games , katryn told the others she would meet them at kelly 's . 
 she had brought some toiletries this week so she could clean up a little after the games and change out of her uniform . 
 she had purposely worn dark slacks and a light silk blouse to work so she could change back into them after volleyball . 
 katryn felt at least a little fresher when she put her things back into her duffel bag . 
 she dabbed a last drop of emeraude behind her right ear , placed the bottle back in her make-up bag , and left the women 's locker room . 
 she saw the janitor pick up a last errant volleyball and place it in a large cart . 
 he waved at her before he wheeled through the double doors that led into another gym . 
 katryn stood for a moment and looked around the empty gym . 
 fifteen minutes ago there had been close to 100 people playing , watching or refereeing volleyball at four different nets . 
 now only the familiar faint scent of sweat and old tennis shoes remained to even hint at the activity of a short while ago . 
 depressing , katryn thought to herself . 
 an empty gym , a gym not being used for sports was depressing . 
 big , empty , lonely . 
 all of that . 
 shaking off a slightly melancholy mood , katryn headed for the front door-way . 
 she was almost to the entry way when she realized she was not alone , after all . 
 a cold chill replaced the sense of melancholy when she recognized the voice coming from off to her right . 
 chapter 9 `` katryn , how very nice to see you , '' he mocked . 
 `` but where 's your body guard ? '' 
 john walked out from the shadows beside the closed up bleachers . 
 fighting a wave of panic , katryn forced herself to keep walking , forced her voice to remain calm . 
 `` john . 
 it 's been awhile . '' 
 lame , but at least her voice had not cracked . 
 she wondered if she could get past him to the door . 
 she quickened her step . 
 `` now , katryn , surely you 're not in any hurry to leave , are you ? '' 
 he guessed her intent , and effectively cut off her escape by positioning himself between her and the doors . 
 rather than get any closer to him , she stopped . 
 `` what did you want , john ? '' 
 she asked sharply . 
 it would do her no good to try to placate him , she knew well . 
 all the talks they had had in the past , had convinced her he was beyond reasoning . 
 she refused to allow herself to sound , or act , frightened . 
 `` you have n't told me where tom is , katryn . 
 i told him i was patient that i 'd wait . 
 i 'm a little surprised and disappointed that he gave up so easily . '' 
 her mind was racing . 
 what did he mean ? 
 why did he want to know where tom was ? 
 was he worried that if tom found him harassing her again ... `` tom 's waiting outside , '' she quickly lied . 
 `` wrong , katryn . 
 you 're wrong , you know . 
 first of all , your car is parked outside , so you 're driving yourself . 
 second , tom , and that little witch anne , left together . '' 
 he took a step towards her . 
 katryn stepped sideways , hoping she could still squeeze past and get outside . 
 `` what 's the matter , katryn ? '' 
 he asked in a deceptively calm voice . 
 `` do n't you want to have another talk with me ? '' 
 `` i 'm in a hurry , john . 
 i 'm meeting the team ... '' `` you 've got plenty of time . 
 i doubt they 'll miss you for awhile . 
 tom 's busy with anne . 
 julie seems to have her eye on the new guy . '' 
 katryn 's eyebrow raised reflexively . 
 `` how do i know that ? '' 
 he asked , taking another step towards her . 
 she was dismayed when she realized there was less than three feet between them , and she had backed herself up to the wall . 
 `` i pay attention , katryn , that 's how i know . 
 i 've watched you a lot these last few weeks . 
 watched your team play , watched you at work in your store . 
 i even followed you and your boys to a soccer game . 
 you have two real nice boys there , you know . 
 it 's too bad about ryan 's arm . '' 
 katryn was having a hard time fighting the fear and nausea his words evoked . 
 fear for herself she might have been able to hide . 
 she was not able to mask the fear brought on by the stark realization that he might hurt her boys . 
 she fought to clear her mind , to pay attention to everything he said , but she felt herself go cold and clammy . 
 sweat trickled down between her shoulders , her mouth went achingly dry and she had the feeling , for just a moment , that she might pass out . 
 she forced herself to concentrate , to hear what he said , but she saw that he recognized the fear she was feeling . 
 he smiled , pleased with the results . 
 paul waited in his car outside the gym . 
 he considered himself a patient man , but katryn was taking a very long time to dress . 
 he did not want her to know he was waiting for her . 
 they had had a nice day , were enjoying a pleasurable truce , and he did not want to do anything that might upset her . 
 without turning his lights on , he pulled up to the front of the gym , and looked in through the glass doors . 
 he recognized katryn leaning up against the wall of the entry way talking to someone . 
 it did not surprise him . 
 after all , she seemed to know almost everyone in volleyball . 
 she had either played on teams with them or against them , they were referees she had had in other leagues , or they were customers . 
 everywhere she went she ran into people she knew . 
 and she always took time to see how they were doing . 
 well , he would just wait , maybe not too patiently , though , until she was through . 
 `` did n't tom tell you , katryn ? 
 did n't he even think to mention how often he 's run into me ? '' 
 he taunted . 
 fighting to regain control , she knew she had to keep him talking . 
 it would give her time to think of how to get away from him . 
 `` no , tom never said anything . 
 where 'd he run into you ? '' 
 `` oh , he 's caught me following you after volleyball . 
 it 's why he never lets you walk out to your car alone . 
 he knew i was there watching . 
 waiting . '' 
 her stomach roiled when she thought about him following her . 
 she was not exactly winning her war of nerves . 
 `` what is it you want , john ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 `` why katryn , i want you , of course . '' 
 he took a last step towards her and quickly reached for her arm . 
 he locked onto her forearm and she was amazed by the strength in his hand . 
 `` john , let go of me . '' 
 she said it calmly . 
 it scared her to see that he was no longer calm . 
 he was becoming excited . 
 the fear he saw in her eyes was turning him on . 
 `` let go of you ? 
 i have no intention of letting go of you . 
 i 've waited a long time for this . '' 
 he moved closer still . 
 his eyes were wide and darted from her face to her body . 
 suddenly he lurched forward and grabbed her other arm . 
 pinning her to the wall , he leaned against her and began to kiss her . 
 sickened by his touch , katryn fought hard to get away from him . 
 she was able to pull her right arm loose when he tried to hold both her arms in one of his hands , freeing his other hand to reach for the front of her slacks . 
 she slapped his face hard , leaving a hand print in white . 
 `` you ... '' she did not hear what he said . 
 she only felt the blow to the side of her face when he back-handed her . 
 `` hey ! 
 you ! '' 
 the janitor shouted , coming back into the gym and seeing john hit katryn . 
 he rushed towards them , but paul beat him to john . 
 slamming open the gym doors , paul rushed at john . 
 grabbing his hair and right arm from behind , paul pulled john away from katryn . 
 spinning john around , paul connected with a hard right that sent john sprawling . 
 he followed john , and when john tried to stand , paul hit him again . 
 he pulled john part-way up by the front of his coat , and slammed him with his fist again . 
 paul probably would have kept on hitting john if katryn and the janitor had not pulled him off . 
 `` i think he 's got the point , '' the janitor told paul . 
 katryn wondered if he , too , had been worried paul would not stop . 
 `` do n't come near her again , '' paul told john . 
 `` i wo n't let anyone stop me the next time . '' 
 john 's lip was swollen and bleeding , his right eye was swelling shut , and katryn was sure his nose had been broken . 
 still , before he walked out the doors , he glanced back at katryn and managed a sneer . 
 `` see ya ' around , '' he promised her . 
 paul would have gone after him if katryn and the janitor had not both placed restraining hands on his arms . 
 `` he 's not worth going to jail for , '' the janitor told paul . 
 then he turned to katryn . 
 are you ok ? '' 
 her hand covered her mouth , and tears glistened in her eyes , but she nodded . 
 she whispered ` thanks ' , afraid if she said any more she would start to cry . 
 `` why do n't you take her back into the women 's locker room to freshen up , '' the janitor said , turning to paul . 
 `` leave when you 're ready . 
 just be sure these doors close tight behind you when you go , ok ? '' 
 paul thanked him , and the janitor went back thru the double doors into the other gym . 
 paul took katryn in his arms and held her while she cried . 
 when she was all cried out , he took her duffel bag in one hand , and with his other arm around her waist , he walked her back to the locker room . 
 he said nothing , waiting for her to speak , if she wanted . 
 she washed her face with cold water , and then dried it with a paper towel . 
 paul sat on the nearest bench , watching her . 
 she stared at her reflection in the mirror , relieved to see there was barely any mark left from where john had hit her . 
 smiling wryly , she turned to paul . 
 `` this is not what i mean when i ask someone to give me a hand ! '' 
 she said , breaking the barrier of silence that had stretched between them . 
 she walked over and sat beside paul . 
 `` are you really all right ? '' 
 he asked tenderly , touching her face lightly . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 `` not anymore , '' she admitted . 
 `` you want to talk about it ? 
 it 'll help , '' he prompted . 
 she nodded , but it was a few minutes before she could start . 
 he waited patiently . 
 she was able to tell him , then , everything john had said . 
 how sick she had felt at the mention of her boys , and how she now worried if her boys were safe . 
 when she was finished , paul held her close again . 
 he told her tom had a friend on the police force , and they were watching her house pretty regularly , anyway . 
 he suggested she call audrey from the nearest phone and have her make sure the house was locked up tight . 
 paul said all the right things , seemed to understand how scared she was , and appeared even angrier at john than she was ; still she sensed something was not right . 
 finally she asked . 
 `` paul , have i done something wrong ? '' 
 startled by her question , he rushed to assure her she had not been at fault . 
 realizing he had misunderstood , she explained , `` i meant , have i done something wrong to you ? '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` something 's wrong , paul . 
 i can feel it . 
 i 'm just not sure what i. . . '' 
 `` it is n't you . 
 it 's me , '' he admitted , anger in his voice . 
 `` it was true that tom knew john was following you . 
 i knew , too . '' 
 he rushed on so she could not ask any questions . 
 `` we decided not to scare you by telling you . 
 instead , tom set up security , of sorts , around you . 
 he never let you walk to your car alone after volleyball . 
 the guard at the flour mill watched to see you got safely to your car after work . 
 the owner of the treasure chest keeps an eye out for you . 
 the neighbor across the street keeps an eye on your house . 
 the police make extra runs down your street . 
 everyone everywhere keeps an eye on you . 
 everyone but me , that is . 
 i sit and watch while that ... '' `` paul , if you had n't shown up when you did ... '' `` shown up ? 
 hell , i was sitting in my car watching him torment you . 
 i sat right outside the front door and allowed him to ... '' `` you were outside ? '' 
 `` i thought he was a friend of yours , and you were having a normal conversation . 
 i did n't even catch on till he grabbed you and kissed you . 
 by the time i got here , he 'd already slapped you ... '' katryn heard exactly how hard he was being on himself . 
 `` paul , if you had n't been here , who knows what would have happened . '' 
 `` the janitor would have done a better job . '' 
 `` be reasonable . 
 john 's stronger than he looks . 
 he 'd have hurt poor old mr. strosnick , probably seriously . 
 paul , '' she took his face in her hands and made him look at her . 
 `` paul , he 'd have hurt me , too , if you had n't been there . '' 
 `` i should have ... '' `` there was no way you could have known he was n't just another acquaintance until he grabbed me . 
 i owe you , paul . 
 thanks . '' 
 she reached her arms around him and held him tight . 
 he held her close . 
 `` i 'm sorry katryn , '' he finally said . 
 `` i 'm not , '' she answered . 
 `` do you still want to go to kelly 's ? '' 
 he asked a few minutes later when he pulled away again . 
 she was worried about the boys . 
 she asked paul if he thought they would be ok , and he told her he was sure john would be off licking his wounds , that they could call the policeman across the street to keep an extra eye on her house , if she wanted . 
 then he assured her that if she wanted to go home , he understood , and he would follow her . 
 she did not want to be alone right now , to think about john , so she surprised him by telling him she would rather go to kelly 's . 
 it took her just a minute to get her makeup on . 
 this time she did not feel anywhere near as fresh as she had the last time she had walked out of the locker room , but at least she was ready to go . 
 `` you know , there was a time i 'd have given almost anything to get into the women 's locker room , '' paul teased while they walked through the gym and out the front door . 
 `` i 'll bet that was when you were in junior or senior high , a long time ago . 
 now you 're so much older and wiser ... '' `` ouch , '' he answered , then pretended to hobble with a cane while he walked her to her car . 
 he followed her to kelly 's and they walked in together . 
 `` that 's a lovely necklace , '' he told her , straight faced , when he saw she had remembered to put it back on . 
 `` a very good friend gave it to me , '' she answered , squeezing his hand . 
 when they walked into the lounge , after katryn had made a quick call to audrey , and her neighbor , katryn and paul were a respectable distance apart . 
 paul had agreed not to tell anyone but tom about john . 
 katryn was not ready for fifty questions , she explained . 
 they decided they would say katryn had left her car lights on , and paul had helped her jump-start her battery . 
 everyone was out on the dance floor when paul and katryn arrived , but katryn recognized their coats on the back of the chairs , so they sat at the table and waited . 
 no-one , not even julie , questioned the dead battery excuse . 
 ed even found it funny . 
 `` you mean the captain of the ever readys had a dead battery ? 
 it 's a good thing it did n't happen during a game ! '' 
 they all joked awhile , and soon most everyone was dancing again . 
 katryn saw paul walk out to the hallway with tom , and she was only able to dance twice before the band took a break . 
 when they were all back at the table again , julie asked katryn where she had gotten the beautiful necklace . 
 `` from a very special friend . 
 today was my seven year anniversary with the store , so dottie and joe had a surprise party for me . 
 a lot of the other shopkeepers and many of my customers came . 
 there was punch , a lovely cake , and a huge card with so many signatures that there must have been forgeries ! '' 
 she teased . 
 larry asked a little about the store , and then the conversation moved on to other topics . 
 katryn could not bring herself to look at paul , but she could almost feel his eyes on her , twinkling at how she had covered . 
 when katryn and julie went to the ladies room together , julie took a closer look at the necklace . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' she enthused . 
 `` and it 's perfect for you . 
 you 've always been into st. patrick 's day . '' 
 katryn tensed slightly , but julie changed the subject abruptly . 
 `` do you think paul will ever ask me out ? '' 
 she questioned her best friend . 
 `` i 'm getting a little tired of bill , and besides , paul does n't seem too jealous of him anymore . 
 what do you think of larry ? '' 
 julie changed directions almost faster than katryn could keep up . 
 `` if you 're only being nice to bill to make paul jealous , maybe you ought to let bill go . 
 if paul were the jealous type , i 'd think he 'd have shown it by now . 
 why do n't you change your tactics a little ? 
 try asking paul to dance , if you want to dance with him . 
 do you think he knows you 're interested ? '' 
 katryn hated these conversations with julie . 
 she felt guilty for her deceit . 
 besides , she wondered , why julie bothered asking her for advice . 
 it was not like she ever followed it , katryn thought angrily . 
 realizing she was just worn out after the evening she had had , she tried to calm herself . 
 `` katryn , what do you think of larry ? '' 
 julie repeated . 
 `` he 's nice . 
 i enjoy dancing with him . 
 but julie , it does n't seem to work to try to make paul jealous . '' 
 `` well , yes , i know you 're right . 
 but are you interested in larry ? '' 
 julie persisted . 
 `` he does seem like a nice guy , so i guess i am . '' 
 then , suddenly , a thought occurred to katryn . 
 she asked , hopefully , `` why , julie , do you like larry ? '' 
 `` oh , no , '' julie answered quickly . 
 `` i think he 's a little stuck on himself , is all . 
 i just wondered if you 'd noticed . '' 
 `` i guess i had n't . '' 
 katryn admitted . 
 `` he 's always been a perfect gentleman to me , and rather pleasant . 
 he 's also a very good dancer , '' she added . 
 `` hmmm , '' was all that julie said , ending the conversation . 
 they headed back out to the table , and the evening went fairly well . 
 tom asked her for the first slow song , and when they were on the dance floor , he asked how she was doing . 
 she admitted she was a little worried about her boys , that she was a little nervous that john was still out and around , but that she was doing ok . 
 `` do you want to press charges ? '' 
 tom asked . 
 `` i do n't think it 'd do much good , do you ? 
 even if they actually put him in jail for awhile , he 'd be that much angrier when he got out . 
 and thanks to paul , he did n't get very far , anyway . '' 
 `` katryn , i 'm sorry . 
 i probably should have warned you . '' 
 `` tom , after all you did for me , do n't you dare start feeling guilty . 
 you have no reason to . 
 neither does paul . 
 i 'm not naive , tom . 
 i know there 's really no way anyone could stop john if he 's determined to get me . 
 surely no-one could do more than you did . 
 so now i 'll be even more careful . 
 but , tom , you were right . 
 it would n't have done any good to scare me before . 
 heck , i 'd have spent the last three months a nervous wreck . '' 
 `` and now ? '' 
 `` now i know there are lots of people looking out for me . 
 i 'll call the school monday so they 'll keep close tabs on the boys , too . 
 otherwise , you 've taken care of it all . 
 thanks . '' 
 `` you 're really not upset i did n't tell you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 and i 'll bet you probably did enough worrying for both of us . 
 i 'm only sorry it was so hard on you . '' 
 they danced the next dance , too . 
 it was another slow one , and katryn did not even care that anne was probably getting furious . 
 it was the only time the whole night that she did not think about paul . 
 paul asked her to dance only twice all evening , and both of them were fast dances . 
 she knew it was better that way , but oh how she wanted to be in his arms ! 
 it seemed so much safer there . 
 it was tormenting her to be so close and not allowed to touch . 
 larry did dance wonderfully . 
 it just was not the same as being in paul 's arms , of course . 
 towards the end of the second set anne asked if everyone was going to be able to go to rockaway beach . 
 she also wanted to know what time they were leaving friday , who all was driving , and when , approximately , they would be back on sunday . 
 katryn had no idea what she was talking about , so tom explained . 
 `` we do n't play volleyball next friday , remember ? 
 this was the last week of league play . 
 paul has friends who own a hotel at rockaway beach , on the oregon coast . 
 he called them about getting away for the weekend . 
 they said they 'd give him a really good deal on a couple rooms if he wanted to bring some friends . 
 he mentioned it monday after practice . 
 most of us are planning to go , katryn . 
 do you think you could get away ? 
 we 'll go friday after work and come home sunday . 
 we 'll car-pool to save on gas . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know . 
 i work saturdays , and i 'm not sure i could get a sitter for the whole weekend . '' 
 `` you 'll try , wo n't you ? '' 
 tom asked . 
 katryn wished he had not , when she glanced at anne and saw the look on her face . 
 `` i 'll try , '' katryn promised . 
 she was not at all sure she would , though . 
 it would be bad enough to spend the weekend on the ocean with tom , knowing anne would like to kill her . 
 it would be even worse to spend the weekend with paul and julie knowing julie would surely kill her if she guessed how katryn felt about paul . 
 she also worried about leaving the boys alone all weekend when john was still around . 
 she felt queasy every time she remembered how he said her boys were nice . 
 it did bother her a little , though , when she realized that that meant both tom and paul would be gone at the same time . 
 and of course , it would be pretty hard on her heart to spend an entire weekend watching julie chase paul . 
 she decided it would be best if she did not try very hard , if at all , to get away . 
 katryn left after the third set , and larry walked her to her car . 
 `` would i be allowed to join you at rockaway beach , katryn ? 
 i know i 'm not on your team , but i was hoping ... '' `` i think that 'd be fine . 
 you 'd better check with paul , though . 
 you work with him , right ? '' 
 when larry nodded , katryn explained . 
 `` i do n't know anything about the trip , larry . 
 i do n't know how many people can stay in the rooms , or if there 's a limit on who can go . 
 it 's sure ok with me , but i 'm not sure i 'll even be able to go . '' 
 `` you have to katryn . 
 it would n't be as much fun without you . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 but i really do n't think i 'll be able to find a sitter and someone to watch my store on saturday . '' 
 `` can i call you monday , or so , and see what you 've found out ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 she gave him a business card and told him he could call her at work . 
 then she left him , thinking it was sad that he did not appeal to her . 
 he really was a nice man , definitely good looking . 
 he danced like a dream , was sweet , gentlemanly , and most important of all , unattached . 
 no , he would be too easy ! 
 monday afternoon larry called . 
 katryn told him she had been unable to find a sitter for the weekend . 
 what she did not tell him was she had not even tried . 
 she had decided it would be too difficult to spend the weekend with paul , even if there were 100 people around . 
 even if julie were not around chasing him , it would be too hard to be that close and know he was not hers . 
 besides , it bothered her a lot that she was being dishonest with julie . 
 they had been friends so long , had been so close , it was tearing her up to keep lying . 
 she was afraid to even talk much with her best friend , afraid she would let something slip . 
 no , it was better she not go . 
 monday night practice was not the team 's best . 
 anne was none too nice to katryn , and paul seemed almost angry . 
 julie was not even there , and ed could not play because he had hurt his foot playing football during the weekend . 
 jim 's team beat them 3 out of 5 games , and she heard his team commenting , more than once , that the best team had not won the league . 
 katryn 's team never even took up the challenge in spite of the fact that they had won the league two matches ahead of jim 's team . 
 even denny 's was no fun . 
 their usual waitress was off sick , so they could not kid with her . 
 tom made a point of asking katryn if she would be going friday , and katryn thought anne would like to shoot her . 
 paul flashed her a very ugly look when she said she had been unable to find a sitter , but anne looked almost triumphant . 
 katryn left early and was sure everyone was glad . 
 tom walked her to her car , and she was relieved to know he was still watching out for her . 
 when katryn got home , she relaxed in her recliner and opened the newspaper . 
 she snapped forward in her chair when john 's face stared back at her . 
 man arrested in beating the headline shouted . 
 katryn quickly read through the article . 
 john had gone to an old girlfriend 's house late friday night . 
 katryn shivered when she realized it was just a couple hours after he had left the gym . 
 he had beaten the woman pretty badly , according to the article , and then had stayed at her house the entire weekend , threatening to hurt her two year old daughter if she tried to escape . 
 he had left for work early this morning , and she had rushed to the police . 
 they arrested him , and there would be a hearing tomorrow over his bail . 
 the police were asking for information about a fight john had been in earlier friday . 
 he had bragged to the victim that he had beaten another woman before he had gotten to her house . 
 the police wanted the first victim to come forward and sign a complaint , too . 
 though it was after ten , katryn called dottie to see if she could open the store in the morning . 
 she told her about john , and dottie said she would be glad to do anything she could to help in any way to keep animals like him locked up . 
 tuesday morning bright and early , katryn arrived at the police station to talk to officer cates . 
 while the officer agreed that john probably had not done enough to katryn to bother with on its own , he explained that the judge might set a much higher bail if there were other complaints against john . 
 katryn told him she would do all she could to help keep john locked up , and officer cates told her he would be getting back to her . 
 when katryn returned to work , she had a bit of a headache . 
 talking about john , even to the police , had reminded her of the threats he had made against her boys . 
 she hoped they would lock him up for a good long time . 
 dottie saw that katryn was not feeling very well , so she offered to stay while katryn rested a bit in the back room . 
 katryn had only been out in the shop for about a half hour when paul showed up . 
 she glanced at her watch and saw it was 12:30 on the dot . 
 she cringed when she saw the familiar ` going-to-battle ' look on his face . 
 after all they had been through on friday ; she was surprised that he was back to business as usual . 
 chapter 10 it did not take paul long to let her know why he was angry . 
 he did not offer to eat first , fight later . 
 after the waitress took their orders , he started . 
 `` so , you were unable to find a sitter for the weekend ? '' 
 the venom in his voice made her shudder . 
 `` no , '' she answered . 
 `` funny . 
 i almost get the feeling you 're backing out on our deal . '' 
 `` our deal did not include oregon , '' katryn reminded him . 
 `` please be fair . '' 
 `` fair has nothing to do with it . 
 we had a deal . 
 it included doing what the team does , and pretending to enjoy it . '' 
 that was true . 
 it was what she had agreed to . 
 `` but i have a business to run , kids to take care of . '' 
 `` did you even try to work anything out ? '' 
 he wanted to know . 
 `` yes , of course i tried , '' she knew she did not lie well , but she had to try . 
 `` who 'd you talk to , katryn ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she waited till the waitress served their salads and left before answering . 
 `` i asked ... '' `` stop it , '' he ordered . 
 `` i do n't want to hear any more of your lies . 
 the truth is , you did not ask audrey or dottie or joe . 
 we worked it out last tuesday when dottie had lunch with me . 
 you did n't know she 'd had lunch with me , did you ? '' 
 her mind was racing a mile a minute . 
 worked it out ? 
 without asking her ? 
 what exactly had he told dottie ? 
 even worse , what had dottie told him ? 
 and who ran the store ? 
 he saw the surprise in her eyes , saw when she knew she had been caught . 
 `` by the way , '' he added nonchalantly , `` joe took care of the store . 
 now , just so you know , dottie worked it out with audrey . 
 audrey will stay with the boys friday after school until saturday evening . 
 dottie and joe will take the boys saturday evening through sunday evening . 
 if you get in late , they 'll keep the boys till monday morning . 
 `` there 's no school next week , and audrey said she was watching them during spring break anyway , so she 'll go to your house when dottie calls to say she 's bringing the boys home monday morning . 
 dottie will stay at work in the afternoon so you can take ryan for his doctor 's appointment . '' 
 katryn was angry at herself for lying . 
 she was even angrier at paul for going behind her back to set it up . 
 `` who do you think you are , planning ... '' `` i 'll tell you who i am , '' he said coldly . 
 `` i 'm the guy who 'll ruin everything for you if you back out of our deal . 
 you made a promise . 
 i intend to see you keep it or i 'll go to julie . '' 
 `` go ahead , '' she challenged . 
 `` go ahead and tell julie . 
 she would n't believe you . 
 and if she did , well then i 'll just explain ... '' `` explain who the special friend is who gave you that necklace ? 
 and if she had any doubts , maybe timmy could tell her about pizza dinner at your house . 
 oh , she 'll believe me , katryn , i assure you . 
 and you 'll lose her for a friend for sure . 
 and what 'll happen to your team , do you suppose ? 
 i 've seen the looks anne gives you . 
 if she and julie talk ... of course tom would probably ... '' `` leave tom out of it ! '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` all right . 
 all right , damn you , you win . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 `` and pretend you 're enjoying yourself ? '' 
 he goaded her . 
 `` oh , i 'll more than pretend . 
 larry asked to go , or did you tell him no ? '' 
 she did not know why that scored such a big point , but the fury in his eyes proved it did , so she continued . 
 `` of course you probably told him he could n't go . 
 you 'd hate to see me having a good time . 
 what did you tell him ? '' 
 she asked waspishly . 
 `` i told larry he was welcome to go , '' paul said icily . 
 `` how nice for me , '' she answered . 
 nothing else was said during the course of the meal . 
 paul would never have let her know he now had misgivings about what he had done . 
 and not for reasons she would suspect . 
 first bill had come to paul to ask exactly whom paul was interested in . 
 paul had said no-one . 
 `` then it 's free sailing if i date someone on the team ? '' 
 bill persisted . 
 `` i do n't want to step on toes . '' 
 paul had happily assured bill he had free sailing . 
 larry showed up next with the same question . 
 unable to tell larry that he was interested in katryn , paul repeated what he had told bill . 
 then he told larry he was welcome to join them for the weekend . 
 with katryn hating him right now , and he had no doubts she hated him , he did not like the idea that he might be pushing katryn into larry 's arms . 
 he was too bull-headed to back down , though . 
 `` we 'll be meeting at the safeway on third and maple , '' he told her when lunch was finished . 
 `` i 'm borrowing a minivan , and you 'll ride with me . 
 julie is riding with me , too , so it 'll work out ok . 
 be there by 5:30 , katryn . 
 dottie said she 'd close the store for you so you can go home early and pack . '' 
 `` thank you very much for arranging this for me . '' 
 sarcasm oozed with every word . 
 `` i will see you friday . 
 may i go back to work now , master ? '' 
 he would have smiled , but he was afraid she would throw something at him . 
 instead he nodded . 
 she left him at the door to her shop , never once looking back to see if he were watching . 
 she hated him . 
 hated how stupid she was to think he could be kind . 
 hated how much she had liked him . 
 her only solace was in knowing that she would only see him one more week for volleyball . 
 league play was the 31st , and then her team quit for the summer . 
 most of them were on the same softball team . 
 but paul had not been invited to play on that team . 
 since katryn was the captain , she knew he would not be . 
 dottie came up to katryn after her lunch . 
 `` did paul tell you we fixed it so you could go to rockaway beach ? '' 
 `` he did , '' katryn admitted . 
 she would not hurt her friend 's feelings for the world . 
 `` and , thanks a lot , dottie . 
 i owe you and joe so much already ... '' `` do n't be silly . 
 the boys are like our own grandsons , anyway . 
 you would n't want to deny us one weekend alone with them , would you ? '' 
 `` and you do n't mind running the store saturday , all alone ? '' 
 katryn asked , praying for an out . 
 `` joe 's going to help . 
 i wo n't be alone . 
 and listen , we plan to open monday , so if you 're late ... '' darn . 
 `` dottie , you 'll spoil me ! 
 but i doubt i 'll be that late anyway . '' 
 `` never can tell , '' dottie warned her , winking . 
 if you only knew , katryn thought . 
 she realized , though , that dottie was into everything romantic because of joe , and she obviously liked paul . 
 it did not make it any easier for katryn to know that dottie thought she was doing her a big favor . 
 ` oh dottie , i do love you . 
 but you 've no idea what you 're doing , ' katryn mused . 
 friday rolled around much quicker than katryn had wanted . 
 and it was not bad enough that she would hate the weekend , but she had had to hear over and over from dottie , joe , and especially her sons , how much they were all looking forward to it . 
 no miracle had happened that would save her , so at 5:00 katryn drove to safeway . 
 she arrived early , and was not surprised to see paul was already there . 
 she gave him her suitcase and overnight bag , and got on the minivan way in the back . 
 tom showed up next . 
 `` katryn , julie called and said she ca n't come . 
 something came up . 
 she 'll explain later . 
 by the way , i spoke to a friend at the police department . 
 seems john will be locked up for quite some time . 
 once his face hit the paper , a few more women showed up to press charges . 
 seems one of them even had to go to the hospital . 
 she 'd have pressed charges sooner , but she 'd not known what his name was . 
 met him at a bar , and he attacked her when he walked her out to her car . 
 i 'm told you wo n't have to worry about him being out for a long , long time . '' 
 `` larry may not be able to make it , '' paul remembered when katryn said julie was not coming . 
 `` he said he 'd try , but if he 's not here by 5:30 , we 're to leave without him . 
 he said he 'll drive down later if he misses us , '' he added . 
 then paul said , `` i had nothing to do with it , honest . '' 
 though surprised paul had felt the need to add that last bit , katryn merely nodded and then got back on the van . 
 katryn was actually relieved julie was not coming . 
 it did not bother her that larry might not make it . 
 though she had told paul she would have a good time with larry , the truth was , he made her a little uncomfortable . 
 she never had believed in using one guy to make another guy jealous . 
 and , besides , she was afraid larry might like her . 
 she hated having to tell someone she was not interested . 
 bob and mary showed up , and katryn was sorry to hear they were driving down in their own car . 
 they planned to follow paul . 
 katryn wished they would ride with the others in the van . 
 not only because she liked mary , but because she was afraid it might be very uncomfortable spending hours in the van when the only other woman in it hated her . 
 bob and mary 's minds were made up , however , and katryn did not dare ask to ride with them . 
 paul would probable kill all three of them , she decided . 
 ed and ken arrived last . 
 paul checked all the tires again , and then started to fiddle with the van . 
 it was after 5:30 when katryn realized what he was doing . 
 getting out of the van , she headed over to where paul was checking the rear tire . 
 she gently touched his arm . 
 `` you do n't need to wait for larry , '' she told paul when he turned around . 
 `` he 's a big boy . 
 let 's get this show on the road . '' 
 he nodded and followed her back to the van closing the door behind her . 
 while paul never actually admitted to waiting for larry , he immediately got in the driver 's seat and they headed out . 
 though she teased ken and ed about not bringing their girl friends , and about how uneven the odds were , she was really glad that they had not brought dates . 
 had everyone been paired up , that would have left her with paul and she could not have handled that . 
 as it was , the seating worked out well . 
 tom and anne sat in two of the three back seats , ed and katryn sat in the middle two , and ken sat up front with paul . 
 one cooler was placed on the third back seat , and one was on the floor beside ed . 
 they were quite comfortable , and everything was handy . 
 katryn had to admit that space-wise , it was better that bob and mary had taken their own car . 
 the trip down was long , but a lot of fun . 
 they talked volleyball , at first , but eventually they got into telling jokes . 
 clean jokes , not-so-clean jokes , sick jokes , things that were only funny because they had been laughing too long . 
 katryn had never realized how much fun ed could be . 
 she should have figured a disc jockey could be entertaining , she supposed , but ed had never been so funny before . 
 and she was discovering what a great sense of humor ken had . 
 she was a little sorry she had not gotten to know her team better before this . 
 sitting next to tom , anne actually was more like her old self , and she told jokes , too . 
 when they finally pulled into rockaway beach , they were all exhausted both from the laughing , and from the late hour . 
 anne was too tired to be angry with katryn . 
 paul went to the office and got the keys . 
 the women packed their gear into one huge room , and the men took the room next door . 
 the men teased about how unfair it was . 
 after all , there were only three women in the one room while five men had to share the other . 
 ed offered to make the odds even , but the women quickly , and resolutely , booted him out . 
 their rooms were on the second floor , and katryn could hear and smell the ocean from the porch . 
 anne was too tired , so katryn talked mary into taking a quick walk to the ocean . 
 they were a block away , and katryn had to go see it up close . 
 mary was as anxious as she was , so they headed off . 
 it was dark . 
 a full moon shone off to their right , and there was a mist rolling in from the ocean . 
 street lamps lighted their way . 
 when they got to the beach , they saw numerous campfires dotting the beach . 
 the tide was coming in , and even this late at night a few brave souls ran to and from the water as each wave reached inland . 
 the sound of the waves crashing around them all but drowned out any other sounds . 
 katryn and mary stood mesmerized on a little knoll above the sandy beach . 
 katryn had no idea how long they had been there , nor when the men had joined them . 
 she sensed , though , that she and mary were no longer alone . 
 turning , she acknowledged the presence of bob and paul . 
 after awhile bob asked mary if she were warm enough . 
 he rubbed her shoulders for her , and katryn felt a sudden sense of loss . 
 to share something as beautiful as the ocean with someone you love must be the nearest thing to heaven , she bet . 
 anyway , she knew that not being able to share it with paul was heart breaking . 
 katryn shivered a little , and paul mentioned it was a bit chilly . 
 they headed back to the motel for hot chocolate . 
 everyone crashed shortly thereafter . 
 they all seemed eager to see the ocean early the next morning . 
 katryn slowly became aware of the low roar of the ocean rushing to shore . 
 betting she was the only one awake , she quietly slipped into the bathroom and changed into a sweat suit . 
 she grabbed her jacket on her way out , and silently headed for the shore . 
 it was still fairly dark . 
 the sun had barely cleared the horizon , and the mist hung heavy around her . 
 still , it was beautiful . 
 she knew there were most likely many other visitors on the beach , but she could not see anyone else through the heavy mist that shrouded her . 
 she found a large log on the shore and was glad she had a long , waterproof jacket to sit on . 
 the log was damp , but otherwise it was comfortable . 
 katryn watched the waves rushing towards her , racing each other , crashing over each other , and was hypnotized by the watching and the listening . 
 she had been told about the roar of the waves , but until now she had never heard it . 
 it was loud - almost deafening - but not noisy . 
 not abrasive . 
 it was calming . 
 she watched the ocean slowly receding . 
 it was deceiving watching each wave rush to shore , buckling over the wave that preceded it . 
 though the waves were pushing to shore , it slowly became obvious that each must be breaking faintly short of the wave before it . 
 the beach grew slowly while the ocean receded . 
 katryn had time to think about paul , and julie . 
 while she started out a bit angry at how paul had arranged the weekend , how he had forced her to be here , she no longer could remain upset with him . 
 the ocean was fantastic . 
 the trip down had been a lot of fun , and after all , it was not his fault how she felt about him . 
 nor was it fair to blame him for how the situation had ended up . 
 it had warmed up a little . 
 the mist had lifted considerably and the sun was quite visible off to her left when paul joined her . 
 `` been here long ? '' 
 he asked , sitting down on the log beside her . 
 `` i do n't really know , '' she admitted , surprised to see how high the sun now was . 
 `` it 's so beautiful , so calming , that i 've lost all sense of time . '' 
 they sat silently for a while before paul spoke . 
 `` katryn , i 'm sorry for what i said ... '' `` no , do n't apologize . 
 please . 
 i do n't blame you . 
 it 's just the situation . 
 it 's not easy . 
 sometimes i forget it 's no easier for you than it is for ... '' `` mind if i join you ? '' 
 ed asked , not realizing he was interrupting anything important . 
 `` of course not . 
 there 's plenty of room . '' 
 katryn offered moving away from paul to make more room . 
 tom joined them soon afterward , and the four of them sat quietly watching the waves . 
 it was the closest katryn had felt to anyone in a long time , sitting silently sharing the ocean . 
 eventually ken came and broke the spell . 
 he told them breakfast was on . 
 he , anne , mary and bob had bacon eggs , toast and hotcakes ready . 
 katryn was happy to see that none of them appeared to be in a big hurry to leave . 
 they did , eventually , follow ken back to their motel . 
 after a delicious breakfast , katryn , ed , tom , and paul did dishes . 
 they also had to promise to cook supper . 
 everyone agreed to fix their own lunches whenever they were hungry . 
 after breakfast they split up into groups to do some sight-seeing . 
 mary and bob wanted to look at antiques . 
 katryn talked ken and ed into going to look for kites with her . 
 anne and tom decided to do a little souvenir hunting , and paul was invited to join them . 
 the morning went quickly . 
 katryn bought a box kite while ken got a huge one shaped like a bird . 
 ed eventually settled on a conventional kite with a beautiful hot air balloon design . 
 the three of them assembled , and then spent the morning flying , their kites . 
 it seemed to be quite a fad , and there were hundreds of colorful kites dotting the skies above the ocean . 
 the winds took the kites up quickly , and katryn was having a wonderful time with hers . 
 it had been years since she had flown a kite . 
 she vowed she would bring the boys for a week in the summer . 
 she had never taken a week off before , but she knew she could now , with dottie and joe to help . 
 tom , anne , and paul took a turn with the kites next . 
 katryn could not decide if watching the kites , or the waves , was more intoxicating . 
 she tried to imagine flying with the kites , feeling the wind in her face , hearing the waves splash to shore , watching the ocean as it undulated out of sight . 
 she felt light as a feather , unrestrained by cares , as free as the gulls that winged their noisy way above her . 
 in fact , she imagined their squawks of enjoyment to be similar to raucous noises children made when set free on the playground after a few hours of orderly classes . 
 she felt she could understand the gulls , even answer them back . 
 tom tapped her shoulder , and the feeling was gone . 
 regretfully she turned to her friend . 
 when she looked she saw that the kites had been brought back down to earth , and everyone was ready to head to the motel for lunch . 
 katryn glanced once more towards the gulls before turning to join the others . 
 she caught paul 's eye . 
 for just a split second she was sure she could see gulls flying there . 
 she wondered if he felt the wind , too . 
 disappointed because she dare not ask , she fell in behind the others . 
 paul touched her shoulder lightly , and before she could turn he whispered quietly in her ear . 
 `` i hope you 'll teach me how to do that someday . '' 
 then he walked past her and began to talk to tom . 
 it should not surprise her ; she told herself , that he seemed to know what she was thinking . 
 he was more thoughtful than any man she had ever dated . 
 he was the kind of man who would think to bring a nerf ball to a soccer player with a broken arm , who would serve punch for hours at a birthday party for a store , who would at least try to be friends when they both wanted so much more . 
 they ate sandwiches , munched a few veggies and dips , and then hurried back to the ocean . 
 katryn was relieved that the others seemed in a hurry to return to the ocean , too . 
 katryn let tom and anne have her kite for the afternoon , and she headed out towards the waves . 
 the sand stretched for miles to either side , and it seemed at least a mile out to the waves . 
 with the tide out , katryn could enjoy the feel of the firm damp sand beneath her feet . 
 she took off her shoes and headed towards the water . 
 `` is n't it a little cold for that ? 
 march is n't known for its heat ! '' 
 paul asked pointing at the shoes slung over her shoulder . 
 `` not really . 
 the sun 's warmed the sand . 
 give it a try . '' 
 paul removed has shoes and was surprised by how warm the sand was for this time of year . 
 ken and ed joined them , though they preferred wearing shoes . 
 katryn reached the edge of the water and let a wave splash over her feet . 
 startled , she jumped back quickly . 
 `` wow . 
 not at all warm ! '' 
 she laughed . 
 paul was not foolish enough to try the water and when katryn teased all three of them about being afraid of the nice warm water , ken and ed beat a hasty retreat to the very dry land . 
 when they were out of range , katryn took a quick minute to talk to paul . 
 `` you know i would n't have come if you had n't forced me . '' 
 he nodded , and she continued . 
 `` well , i 'm glad you did . 
 this is ... beautiful ... awesome ... it 's beyond words . 
 i never knew what i was missing before . 
 now i 'd like to stay forever . 
 i 'm going to bring the boys this summer . '' 
 `` they 'll like that , '' he agreed . 
 `` i can see them chasing the waves . '' 
 katryn nodded . 
 `` there are no words that can describe how this makes me feel . 
 happy ? 
 contented ? 
 at peace ? 
 none of them fit this . '' 
 she stretched her arm out to encompass everything . 
 they were silent for awhile before she asked . 
 `` you like it here , too do n't you ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` it 's another world here on the beach . 
 all new sights and sounds and smells . 
 like being in never land , i suspect . 
 it makes me feel like i 'm in a place where the past does n't matter and the future wo n't come crashing through . 
 suspended in time , where rules do n't count . 
 where the tide rolls in and erases every yesterday , starting every today with a clean slate . '' 
 `` a place where love can live hidden from the real world ? 
 a place where i can say out loud that i love you ? '' 
 paul asked , understanding what she meant . 
 `` a place where i can say i love you and it wo n't hurt , '' she agreed . 
 and while they were not free to show they loved each other in any other way , it was quite visible to each in the other 's eyes . 
 wanting the day to never end , she asked , `` do you suppose we could have a campfire tonight ? '' 
 `` we 'd better look for some wood before it gets dark , then , '' paul suggested . 
 they went back to where ken and ed stood , and the four of them walked along the beach for at least a mile picking up pieces of driftwood . 
 they ended up back at the log they 'd sat on that morning and dropped what wood they had collected . 
 bob and mary found them on the beach , and regaled them with stories of all the great antiques they had found . 
 eventually everyone headed back to the motel , taking their driftwood with them . 
 katryn was amazed to realize it was time to fix supper . 
 food was on the table when tom and anne finally joined them . 
 `` anne had this great idea that we should have a fire on the beach , '' tom started to explain , chuckling . 
 `` so we bought a few presto logs . 
 imagine our surprise to see all the driftwood outside our doors ! '' 
 paul teased katryn and anne about how great minds think alike , and everyone hurried through a very enjoyable meal . 
 they ate quickly in spite of how good the food , and company was . 
 they were all looking forward to a campfire on the beach . 
 while the others were doing dishes , katryn helped paul , tom and ed carry the wood down to the beach . 
 paul had the fire burning brightly before the others showed . 
 anne , mary , bob and ken had hurried , too , making quick work of the dishes . 
 with the fire blazing , katryn found herself between tom and ed , on the same log she had claimed earlier that morning . 
 everyone watched paul add another piece of driftwood to the fire . 
 `` cozy ? '' 
 anne asked cattily , walking past katryn . 
 `` the fire is warm , '' katryn admitted , ignoring anne 's tone . 
 `` and this team is a pretty nice group to share it with . '' 
 mary , probably the only other person who understood what had just transpired , winked at katryn before she agreed . 
 `` they are a pretty nice group of guys , and i 'm glad we got this chance to get to know each other better . '' 
 bob was being especially quiet while the guys kidded about what a good bunch they were . 
 katryn wondered if he felt a little left out because he was not a member of their team . 
 `` and , mary , bob 's not at all what i expected . 
 i mean , after all you 've said ... well i 'm surprised how nice he is ! '' 
 bob smiled at katryn , and mary gave her another wink before she pretended to defend herself . 
 `` wait a minute . 
 what do you mean ... '' `` nice goin ' , '' tom whispered in katryn 's ear , elbowing her lightly and nodding his head toward bob . 
 bob was having quite a time listening to the team tease mary . 
 katryn got a quick glimpse of anne 's face and wished anne could understand she and tom were just friends . 
 mary , hoping to help alleviate that problem , started talking about how sports had brought her together with some of her closest friends . 
 `` is that how you met bob ? '' 
 tom asked . 
 `` as a matter of fact , yes . 
 a softball team . 
 10 , no 12 years ago . '' 
 `` alright katryn , that does it ! '' 
 ed teased . 
 `` i want more single young women on the softball team . '' 
 `` thanks , ed , makes me feel about 100 , '' katryn said , and mary threw an imaginary rock at him . 
 `` yeah , ed . 
 how old do you think we are ? '' 
 `` do you guys play softball ? '' 
 paul quickly jumped in to save his teammate . 
 `` yep , '' tom answered . 
 `` that 's why we do n't play another season of volleyball ; they overlap . 
 do you play softball ? '' 
 he wanted to know . 
 `` i do . 
 it 's been a couple years , but i 've played . 
 are there any openings ? '' 
 `` i do n't ... '' katryn started , but got no further . 
 `` katryn , did n't steve and neta move to california ? 
 and i think we all agreed not to include brian this year , so we do have a few openings . 
 heck , paul , if you know a couple young single women to bring with you , we could even keep ed happy . '' 
 the women booed and hissed tom . 
 `` now you 're talking , '' ed added . 
 `` only if you share , '' ken argued . 
 the campfire was very cozy . 
 katryn left the log and was immediately replaced by anne . 
 bob and mary sat together with bob massaging mary 's shoulders for awhile . 
 ed started teasing about having no-one to give him a massage , so katryn knelt behind him and started to massage his neck . 
 `` not too bad for an older lady , i hope , '' she kidded . 
 `` no , the arthritis does n't seem to be affecting your fingers much at all , '' he countered . 
 `` you 're really cruel , you know . 
 i do n't know why i 'm doing this for a young pup who ca n't appreciate it . '' 
 `` because all the old dogs are taken ? '' 
 he teased , not knowing he was hitting a raw nerve . 
 `` all right , who 's next ? '' 
 katryn asked teasing and lightly pushing ed away . 
 `` me . '' 
 ken volunteered , moving in front of her . 
 `` not fair , '' bob told ken . 
 `` it 's katryn 's turn , next . '' 
 paul quickly took advantage of the situation by moving behind katryn . 
 `` i 'll do hers , ken , but your arms should n't be idle either . 
 come on , anne , put ken to work on your back , '' he instructed . 
 soon all eight of them were in a circle massaging the shoulders of the person in front of them . 
 they laughed and joked , and once or twice the ladies slapped the men 's backs over the worst jokes . 
 katryn had a hard time concentrating on ken . 
 it felt so good having paul so close , feeling his touch even through her jacket . 
 when mary told everyone to switch , katryn was only slightly disappointed . 
 she massaged paul 's shoulders , feeling his muscles through the thick knit sweater he wore . 
 she could feel how tight they were when she began and how they slowly began to relax . 
 when everyone 's ' hands were worn out , bob called halt . 
 the fire was nearly out , and they spent the last few minutes enjoying the warmth from the embers as well as the closeness of teammates who seemed much more like friends now . 
 katryn stood up first and got the bucket paul had brought . 
 `` i 'll get the water while you guys scatter the logs , '' she explained , heading towards the ocean . 
 she took her time . 
 only tom and paul were there when she got back . 
 paul took the bucket from her and dumped the water on the embers . 
 `` one more bucket should do it . '' 
 katryn told him , taking the bucket again and heading back towards the ocean . 
 `` it 's fine , katryn , we do n't need any more water . 
 the tides coming in anyway , and there 's nothing that could catch on fire , here . '' 
 paul called to her . 
 she kept walking . 
 `` no sense arguing , paul . 
 you know how she is . 
 i 'll wait for her , if you 'd like , '' tom offered . 
 `` no . 
 i 'll go help her . 
 she 'll be sopping wet and freezing cold if she spends too much time trying to fill the bucket from the waves . '' 
 he turned and followed katryn . 
 tom smiled and headed back towards the motel . 
 paul caught up with katryn as she got to the edge of the water . 
 the moon was high above her , and her silhouette was black against the moon-sprinkled ocean . 
 he watched her as she stood still , looking out to sea . 
 slowly he walked up behind her and wrapped his arms around her . 
 it was a long time before either of them spoke . 
 `` it 's so lovely here , '' katryn told him . 
 `` and there 's so much magic . 
 everything , everyone is so different . 
 for a while even anne was a part of it . 
 ca n't you feel it ? '' 
 `` yes i can , '' he said , turning her to him . 
 she looked into his eyes and saw how the moon shone in them . 
 she saw the sparkle from deep within . 
 he said nothing as he lowered his lips to hers . 
 it was soft and gentle , this kiss , and it conveyed all he felt for her . 
 he pulled her close into his arms and bent his head so he could whisper in her ear . 
 `` how can this be wrong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` how can what we feel be wrong ? '' 
 she could not answer him . 
 she had no answer . 
 it felt so ... right . 
 finally he pulled away `` they 'll be waiting for us in the motel , '' he told her . 
 `` tom 's making hot cocoa . '' 
 they walked back , hand in hand . 
 tom had a few presto logs burning , and everyone was enjoying hot chocolate when paul and katryn arrived . 
 bob headed out to the kitchen to fix them some , and katryn stopped inside the door to remove her wet shoes . 
 `` you must be frozen ! '' 
 mary exclaimed , seeing her wet pant legs as well . 
 `` i 'll go grab a pair of your sweats . 
 you get in the bathroom and get those wet clothes off . '' 
 paul was surprised to see katryn was wet up to her knees . 
 `` anne , grab a dry towel , will you ? '' 
 tom asked . 
 he pulled the recliner in front of the fire place . 
 in just a couple of minutes , katryn was in dry sweats on the recliner in front of the fire , with her feet wrapped in a towel . 
 she shivered a little , and saw the scowl on paul 's face . 
 ` knowing him , he blames himself ! ' 
 she thought , amused by the implication she was not big enough to take care of herself . 
 the chair was comfortable and the fire was warm . 
 she was soon lost in memories of being held by paul . 
 she was staring at the fire , not paying attention to the conversation . 
 `` what do you think , katryn ? 
 do you agree with paul or anne ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` i was n't listening , '' she admitted . 
 `` agree with what ? '' 
 `` anne says it is n't possible for a man and a woman to be good friends ... '' `` unless they 're married . 
 the sex issue interferes , '' anne interrupted . 
 `` paul says it is possible , and maybe even better than same sex friends since there 's no competition , '' mary finished . 
 `` i guess i 'd agree it 's quite possible with opposite sex friends . 
 i 'm not sure if it 's a better friendship than with same same-sex friends , though . 
 i think it depends on the friend , '' katryn explained . 
 `` oh , come now , '' paul goaded . 
 `` do n't you think that , for instance , two men who were good friends would end up enemies if they found they were both attracted to the same woman ? '' 
 `` no , '' katryn defended her position . 
 `` sure you 'd want to set up a few rules . 
 for instance , julie and i never date the same guy . 
 the first one who 's interested gets him . 
 we 've been best friends for over 10 years and it 's worked for us . '' 
 `` and it 's always worked out perfectly ! 
 well , how nice . 
 but katryn , just suppose , for the sake of arguing of course , that julie was dating a guy she only sort of liked . 
 then say maybe julie brings the guy to meet you and the minute you two look into each other 's eyes , lights flash ... '' `` surely you are n't saying you believe in love at first sight ? '' 
 katryn interrupted . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 katryn felt everyone 's eyes on her . 
 she glanced at mary and saw that mary was beginning to understand . 
 coming to katryn 's rescue , mary answered . 
 `` i do n't know about love at first sight , but it definitely did n't take long for bob and me . '' 
 `` i believe in love at first sight , '' tom admitted . 
 `` do you paul ? '' 
 katryn felt she owed mary and tom the world . 
 she listened intently when paul answered . 
 `` i do . 
 i not only believe in love at first sight , i believe certain people are destined to be together . 
 but back to my premise , katryn . 
 what would happen if you fell in love with a guy julie was dating ? '' 
 pretending to be casual about paul 's ` imaginary ' situation , katryn answered . 
 `` i guess i 'd never tell her ... '' `` but surely ... '' `` no , let me finish . 
 i would n't tell her because knowing would hurt her . 
 and either way , whether she knew or not , i would n't date a guy she liked ... '' `` it would be that easy for you to walk away ? '' 
 `` easy ? 
 no . 
 but then , is n't part of being a friend , a good friend , being willing to make some sacrifices for your friend ? 
 and julie and i have been friends for ten years . 
 she 's been there for me whenever i needed it . 
 she 's made sacrifices for me . 
 does n't a friendship , a relationship , necessarily mean giving as well as taking ? '' 
 ed , a little surprised at how vehement katryn was becoming , changed the direction slightly . 
 `` you and julie have been best friends for a long time . 
 do you have any male friends you 're that close to ? 
 and who do you think makes the better friend ? '' 
 `` i consider tom a very close friend , to answer your first question . 
 who 's the better friend ? 
 i have to admit that that 's a tough one . 
 there 's pro 's to each . 
 for instance , julie has a better understanding of things i 've been through because she 's been there , too . 
 but if i want to see the other side of a problem , i go to a male friend . 
 tom 's listened to my problems , and given me some pretty good advice , for a long time now . 
 i 'd hate to think of what it would 've been like if i had n't had him to go to . 
 and another thing , sometimes , especially when you 're dating and things are n't going well , you can really get down on the opposite sex . 
 having tom to talk to reminds me that not all guys are ... well , whatever . '' 
 anne was getting angrier by the second . 
 `` do you become friends with all the men on your teams ? '' 
 she blurted out . 
 `` no , '' katryn answered , taken aback but not allowing herself to get upset . 
 `` not everyone makes a good friend no matter what sex they are . '' 
 `` by the way , why exactly did you quit the other team you were on ? 
 could n't find enough friends ? '' 
 the emphasis anne placed on friends left no doubt in anyone 's mind what she meant . 
 everyone held their breath waiting for katryn 's reply . 
 tom , without the others seeing , nodded slightly to katryn . 
 she shook her head so slightly , only he saw . 
 `` i quit the team , anne , because it was not a fun team ... '' `` i 'll bet , '' anne said nastily . 
 katryn ignored her and continued . 
 `` i 'd played against that team before and had noticed it was n't always friendly . 
 once i got on the team , i saw how bad it was . 
 every season the team seemed to pick out one player they did n't like . 
 it did n't matter , as far as i could make out , how well or how poorly this person played . 
 in fact , in this case the person was the best player on the team . 
 there was neither rhyme nor reason why they chose this player to pick on . 
 but once the person was chosen , they made life hell for him or her . 
 every point lost was that person 's fault . 
 his or her sets were n't high enough , hits were n't good enough . 
 they belittled this person in front of other teams , and made comments about this person during every game . 
 i play sports for the fun . 
 i saw no reason for the abuse this team heaped on the person they chose to hate , and it definitely was not fun for me , so , at the end of the season , i left . '' 
 `` do you think we do n't know the person was you ? ' 
 best player on the team ! '' 
 she mimicked cruelly . 
 `` you think you 're so good , do n't you ... '' `` anne ! '' 
 tom cut her off . 
 `` it 's ok tom , let her finish , '' katryn told him , not allowing it to bother her . 
 `` that 's right , tom , let her finish , '' anne mocked , rushing on . 
 `` well maybe they did n't like you because you 're not really as good as you think . 
 or maybe they got tired of you chasing all the men ... '' `` that 's enough ! '' 
 paul commanded . 
 `` sure , you 'll defend her , too . 
 you 're both so blind . '' 
 turning towards katryn she added , `` why do you need defended , katryn , are you afraid of the truth ? '' 
 katryn raised her hand to stop tom and paul . 
 anne continued . 
 `` has it ever dawned on you that you could be the problem and not everybody else ? 
 you quit that team , because you could n't get along with your teammates . 
 john was dumped because you could n't get along with him ... '' `` that 's not true , anne . 
 we all wanted him out , '' mary interrupted the tirade . 
 `` i never wanted him out . 
 the rest of you talked me into it because you all went along with katryn . 
 and now brian wo n't be invited back for softball . 
 katryn only wants men who 'll fawn all over her like tom and paul . 
 well i 'm sick of it . '' 
 anne rushed out of the motel room . 
 `` i 'll go talk to her , '' tom offered , starting to the door , but katryn was there first . 
 `` her problem is with me , tom . 
 i 'm the one she needs to talk to . 
 please let me see if the two of us can work it out . '' 
 katryn headed out the door after anne . 
 when she was gone , tom turned to talk to the others . 
 `` i want to set the record straight on one thing . '' 
 he walked over to the fire and warmed his hands for a minute . 
 no one spoke , or moved . 
 `` the person who was belittled on that team six years ago was n't katryn . 
 in fact , she was the fair-haired athlete who could do no wrong . 
 i know because i joined the team that same season she did . 
 i had n't played in over a year , but katryn kept assuring me i was doing fine . 
 who knows how well i was really doing , though . 
 anyway , it was me they picked on . 
 katryn defended me the entire season . 
 i was surprised , at first . 
 she was the top player and well liked , but the rest of the team obviously did not appreciate her coming to my defense . 
 after i got to know katryn i realized it was just the way she was . 
 `` at the end of the season , i was n't even surprised to find they wanted her to stay in spite of how she 'd defended me . 
 i was ready to quit sports altogether . 
 of course , katryn would n't allow it . 
 she called the parks department for names of people who wanted to join a team , and built a new one from scratch . 
 that 's how the ever readys came about . '' 
 `` tom , did you ever know why they picked on you ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 he surprised them by answering , `` yes , i knew . 
 katryn never asked why , though , and i doubt she ever found out . 
 the captain , a woman named marge , really liked me . 
 at first i was flattered . 
 except , i was n't interested . 
 she was n't very subtle about how she felt , and in fact became pretty persistent about our having a relationship . 
 she got drunk after one practice and asked me to walk her to her car . 
 she invited me home with her , and was pretty explicit about what she 'd do when we got there . 
 i was polite , but i made it plain i was n't interested , and i walked away . 
 she never forgave me . 
 she started the abuse ; the rest of the team joined her . 
 they were probably glad she had n't picked any of them to abuse . '' 
 paul knew , without having to ask , why tom had not been interested in marge , and why he had never told katryn . 
 he wondered , again why tom seemed to like him . 
 `` do you think anne will quit the team ? '' 
 ed wondered aloud . 
 `` she 's pretty upset , '' mary agreed . 
 `` but do n't count her out yet . 
 let 's see what katryn can do . '' 
 `` do you think katryn wants her to stay , after this ... after all she said ? '' 
 `` yeah , i do , '' mary admitted . 
 `` anne just got a little upset . 
 she 's still a darn good player , and really a pretty decent person . 
 and if i know katryn , she 'll give anne a break . '' 
 the conversation changed , and katryn would have been embarrassed , yet pleased , to hear how highly her teammates thought of her . 
 katryn caught up with anne on the beach . 
 `` anne , please listen to me . '' 
 `` to your lies ? 
 leave me alone . '' 
 katryn took hold of anne 's arm and turned the angry woman towards her . 
 `` anne , think for a minute . 
 i 've known tom for five long years . 
 if i 'd wanted him , i could have gone for him a long time ago . '' 
 `` instead you just string him along , right ? '' 
 anne accused . 
 `` string him along ? '' 
 `` do n't play stupid , katryn . 
 do n't pretend you do n't know he 's been in love with you for years . 
 do n't think for a minute i 'm stupid enough to believe that . '' 
 katryn felt like she had taken a blow to the stomach . 
 the wind whooshed out of her and she felt she would double over with the pain . 
 what had paul said ? 
 something about getting in line behind tom . 
 the pain would not let up . 
 anne continued . 
 `` you never let him go completely , did you ? 
 you just tug on his string and he yo-yo 's back to you . 
 i thought when paul showed up you 'd fall for him and finally let tom go . 
 but no , you kept tom hanging on . 
 you wanted both of them . 
 or maybe paul does n't want you , is that it katryn ? '' 
 anne seemed surprised by that thought . 
 `` what 's the matter , katryn , are you afraid to let tom go in case paul does n't work out ? 
 and when this team starts giving you what you deserve , do you really think tom will go with you to start another one ? '' 
 she stopped to consider before she added , `` well , if he 's that blind , he deserves you , '' she spat the words at katryn . 
 katryn had heard nothing anne said after the part about tom being in love with her . 
 she did not notice anne had stopped yelling . 
 nor did she notice that anne had pulled loose from her grip and had torn off down the beach . 
 chapter 11 tom is in love with me ? 
 katryn tried to deny it , but the empty , lonely , painful feeling that had enveloped her told her it was true . 
 she realized with sickening clarity that paul had seen it . 
 in line behind tom . 
 in line behind tom . 
 the phrase repeated itself to mock her . 
 in line behind tom . 
 ` oh tom , how could i ? ' 
 she asked herself . 
 if she was unable to handle a few weeks of being in love with paul , knowing he could not be hers , how had tom managed for five years ? 
 why had she never seen it ? 
 how could she have done that to him ? 
 paul found her there sitting on her log looking out towards the ocean . 
 `` it 's pretty chilly to be out here without your coat , '' he mentioned , wrapping his coat around her shoulders . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 he asked , kneading her shoulders through the coat . 
 she shrugged . 
 she was spent . 
 she had no energy to even answer him . 
 paul walked around in front of her . 
 he knelt down and slipped a pair of lined boots on her bare feet . 
 he stood and pulled her up towards him . 
 `` you 're freezing . '' 
 he pulled her closer and began to rub her back briskly . 
 katryn was only faintly aware he was even there . 
 her mind continued to reel with what she had done to tom for all those years . 
 her best friend and she had hurt him worse than any enemy ever could . 
 `` katryn , katryn put your arms around me . 
 it 'll warm you up . '' 
 paul was getting worried when she continued to ignore him . 
 he took her chin in his hand and raised her face to his . 
 `` katryn , look at me . 
 are you ok ? 
 what did anne say to you ? '' 
 katryn finally saw paul , and pulled quickly away from him . 
 she felt much too much guilt . 
 `` paul , please go away . 
 i ca n't take anymore . '' 
 he saw the raw pain in her eyes . 
 `` i was wrong . 
 this place is n't magic . 
 it hurts here , too . 
 julie 's my best friend , for god 's sake . 
 please do n't , '' she begged . 
 he stepped back . 
 `` if that 's what you want . '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 she sat down again on the log , staring at the full moon that grinned mockingly , at her . 
 paul had told tom he would go see how the girls were . 
 when he came back alone , tom knew something was wrong . 
 after a couple quick words with paul , he headed out . 
 he found katryn were paul said she would be . 
 `` katryn , where 's anne ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i think she went that way , '' katryn pointed towards where anne had gone . 
 tom sat down beside katryn . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 he asked tenderly . 
 she shook her head and the tears spilled from her eyes . 
 `` tom , is it true ? 
 are you in love with me ? '' 
 she stared at the moon , unable to look at him . 
 he paused before he answered . 
 `` i was for a long time ... '' `` i never knew ... '' `` i know you did n't , '' he told her , taking her hand in his . 
 `` at first i tried to make you notice me . 
 remember when i asked you out to dinner the first time ? '' 
 `` you said it was a thank you for my defending you on marge 's team . '' 
 `` it was , sort of . 
 i hoped , though , that you would begin to notice me if you saw me off the court . 
 do you remember what we talked about ? '' 
 she admitted she did not remember . 
 he chuckled softly when he reminded her . 
 `` we talked about being single and dating . 
 i thought you might even be subtly trying to tell me you were a little bit interested in me , and i got my hopes up . 
 that 's when you told me you had a good friend i 'd like . '' 
 `` julie . '' 
 katryn supplied the name . 
 `` tom i never meant to hurt you . '' 
 `` you never even suspected how i felt . 
 i knew that . 
 it was frustrating at first . 
 there were times i wanted to shake you and force you to see me . 
 there was even a time it got to be too much for me . 
 do you remember the season , the second season for the ever readys when i quit ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , a sickening feeling washing over her . 
 `` you said it was because ... '' `` because of work at the museum . 
 it was a lie , katryn . 
 i really quit because i thought i 'd burst if i had to keep seeing you , feeling how i did . '' 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 she asked , turning to face him . 
 `` i wanted to , at first . 
 i even had planned to confront you and force you to decide . 
 either you 'd give me a chance , or i 'd quit the team . 
 luckily reason won out before i made a complete fool of myself . 
 i could n't do that to you , especially after all you 'd done for me . 
 so i just quit . 
 i came to realize that season i was off , though , that being away from you was even worse . 
 it meant i did n't have to see you as often , of course , but i still felt the same about you . 
 only i no longer even had your friendship . 
 i lost a love i never had , and i lost a good friend in the bargain . 
 i decided then , that i cared enough for you that i 'd take whatever you offered . 
 and you offered me friendship . '' 
 `` so you came back and i walked all over you , '' she offered lamely . 
 `` no . 
 do n't ever think that . 
 i really did value our friendship . 
 you 've been a great friend to me . 
 i only hope i 've been at least that good of a friend to you . '' 
 `` much better than i , obviously . '' 
 when he tried to argue , she cut him off . 
 `` tom , '' she needed to know , `` how did you manage ? 
 if you were in love with me and i only offered friendship back , did n't it hurt ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 especially at first . 
 but over time it got better , '' he admitted . 
 `` it was worth the friendship in the long run , katryn , '' he told her , turning her to look and him . 
 `` i 'm not sorry . '' 
 `` did you hate me ? '' 
 `` never , '' he assured her . 
 `` i eventually came to the realization that if we 'd been lovers and it had n't worked , we 'd have probably lost the friendship , too . 
 this way i got a pretty good friend out of the deal . '' 
 `` good friend ? 
 friends do n't hurt ... '' `` katryn , i knew you would never hurt me on purpose . 
 you had no way of knowing . 
 it was n't your fault . '' 
 he bent down and kissed her on the cheek . 
 `` i would n't have it any other way . '' 
 `` you 've known me for a long time , tom , '' she asked , after a moment . 
 `` do you think i can do what you did ? '' 
 `` paul ? '' 
 she broke down . 
 with tears cascading down her face , she told tom everything . 
 the rules she had made for paul . 
 how julie felt , how she and paul felt , the lunches , the necklace , even the dance . 
 he waited until she had cried herself out before he spoke . 
 `` katryn , if you and paul love each other , julie will understand . 
 and if she does n't , then she was n't much of a friend , anyway . '' 
 `` how can you say that , tom ? '' 
 she asked incredulously . 
 `` you did n't tell me how you felt . 
 you decided that saving a friendship was more important than the chance we 'd be lovers . 
 tom you chose friendship over love . '' 
 `` this is n't quite the same , though . 
 since paul loves you , julie is n't giving up anything . 
 but it is your choice , katryn , so i wo n't argue with you . 
 just remember i 'll always be available if you ever need a shoulder to cry on . '' 
 she hugged him , and told him how much she appreciated his friendship . 
 `` tom do you still love me ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 he had been waiting for that question . 
 `` i suppose i always will , katryn , but not like i did at first . 
 it does n't hurt any more . 
 and i 'll always consider you a good friend . '' 
 `` i 'm glad , '' katryn said , her resolve kicking in . 
 `` i know it 's none of my business , but , are you in love with anne ? '' 
 `` i do like her . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` but i 'm so much older ... '' `` whoa . 
 i do n't want to hear that . 
 you make me feel ancient ! 
 it was ok to like me , but anne 's too young ? '' 
 she teased . 
 `` i meant , she 's much younger than i. '' `` but she 's only four years younger than i am ! '' 
 `` i ... she ... '' tom sputtered . 
 `` you 're four years older than i am , and my age is ok , right . 
 well , then , anne is only four years younger than i am so ... '' `` i 'm trying to be serious . '' 
 `` you 're trying to be an old fuddy duddy . 
 i ask how you feel about anne and you quote numbers ? 
 it 's obvious to anyone who breathes how anne feels about you . 
 and , unless i miss my guess , you more than just like her . 
 as i see it , you 're attracted to her , in spite of her age , and she 's attracted to you , in spite of your age . 
 so , who , pray tell , are you trying to impress with this ` age ' stuff ? 
 now tom , as your friend i 'm giving you my best advice . '' 
 she pointed down the beach , `` head out down that way , and go find anne . '' 
 before he could go , she took hold of his arm . 
 `` tom there 's only one favor i ask . '' 
 she became very serious . 
 `` if anne chooses to dislike me , let her . 
 do n't get in an argument over me . 
 you and i know how we feel , that 's all that matters , anyway . '' 
 she stood up , gave tom a hug , and told him , `` you 're truly the best friend i 've ever had , tom . 
 now get outa ' here and go find anne . '' 
 he gave her another quick kiss on the cheek before he left her . 
 katryn headed back to the motel , totally drained . 
 while she was happy for tom , wished him only the best , still her decision about paul was like a dead weight slowly crushing her heart . 
 she trudged clumsily in the too-big boots , and thought again about julie . 
 remembering how she had hurt tom , one of her very best friends , she swore she would never hurt a friend again . 
 tom had shown her that friendship really was worth the sacrifice . 
 mary , ken ed and bob were playing pinochle when katryn got back . 
 paul was not around , she noticed . 
 ed offered her his place in the game , but she had to refuse . 
 even though the game would be a welcome diversion for her , she was too drained to even consider playing . 
 after removing the boots , katryn sat back in the comfortable recliner with her feet again wrapped in towels . 
 she had no idea what time it was when she drifted off to sleep . 
 she was awakened by bob exclaiming it was after three , and someone should go looking for tom and anne . 
 forcing herself to wake up , she answered him . 
 she noticed paul was sitting at the table watching the game . 
 `` i think they 're probably fine . 
 if tom had n't found her , i 'm sure he 'd have been back before now . '' 
 mary agreed with katryn , and the game continued for a few more hands before they called it a night . 
 katryn had just gotten comfortable under the covers when she heard the motel door shut quietly . 
 anne tapped her on the shoulder . 
 `` i 'm really sorry for all the awful things i said to you . 
 tom and i had a long talk . 
 can you ever forgive me ? 
 i know i do n't deserve it ... '' `` nonsense . 
 but could i ask one favor ? '' 
 `` anything . . '' 
 `` let me keep tom for a friend ? '' 
 `` you bet ! '' 
 anne promised . 
 `` i 'd like us all to be friends . '' 
 `` i 'd like that too , '' katryn told her before they both settled for the night . 
 katryn awakened early . 
 she found her log unoccupied again , and so she soaked up all she could of the ocean . 
 she closed her eyes to imprint the roar of the waves and the screech of the gulls . 
 then she stared at the waves coming in , watching how they crested before they crashed to shore . 
 she smelled the fresh salt water scent , and walked barefoot on the cool hard packed sand . 
 she let waves roll over her bare feet while she watched two small children run in up to their knees then scream when the cold forced them back out . 
 again and again they ran into and out of the waves . 
 katryn remembered paul saying he could see her boys doing that same thing . 
 she could imagine them there , too . 
 she got back to the motel before the others had awakened , and started breakfast . 
 coffee was perking and the orange juice was poured . 
 she had bacon warming in the oven , hash browns cooking in one pan , and scrambled eggs going in the other . 
 she pointed out to ed and ken , when they joined her that she also was keeping up with the toast . 
 `` not bad for an old lady , eh ? '' 
 she asked ed . 
 `` rheumatism is n't interfering with your work , and you 've had years and years and years of experience , right ? '' 
 he ducked when she chucked an unbuttered piece of toast at him . 
 `` should have caught that , '' she admonished him . 
 `` it 's all you 're getting to eat . 
 bread and water . '' 
 `` and she probably means ocean water at that ! '' 
 ken added . 
 katryn headed out right after breakfast . 
 the women teased her about cooking so she would get out of doing the dishes , and tom mentioned she had managed to dirty every pan in the place . 
 `` better hurry and start washing , then . 
 we only have a couple hours , '' she called to him before she headed out the door . 
 they spent about three more hours in rockaway beach . 
 katryn found t-shirts and kites for the boys , an oregon coast blouse for audrey , and matching sweat shirts for joe and dottie . 
 she picked up a book on whales , hoping she and the boys could go whale watching when she returned . 
 paul ran into her as she finished shopping . 
 `` how about an ice cream cone ? '' 
 he offered . 
 they found a gourmet ice cream shop and katryn tried a couple flavors she had never had before . 
 `` katryn , i 'm not sure i can continue as friends , '' paul told her when they headed back to the resort . 
 `` it was n't fair of me to force that on you , anyway . 
 i 'll make no more demands of you , nor will i ever tell julie . '' 
 absently she fingered the necklace she was wearing . 
 she was not sure if she was relieved or hurt , so she said nothing . 
 `` i 'll finish the volleyball season , '' he continued . 
 `` but i do n't think you 'll have to worry about seeing me at softball . 
 i have to admit i 'm giving up . 
 i gave it my best , i want you to know , but even that was n't enough . '' 
 he paused a moment , the defeat showing on his face . 
 `` i guess i 'd better own up to what i did , '' he added . 
 `` i talked bill into coming to meet julie . 
 i explained that she thought she liked me , but i was n't really interested in her . 
 do n't worry , '' he assured her , `` i said nothing about you , and bill knew what i said was on the q.t. anyway , it backfired . 
 bill really liked julie , and she did n't care at all for him . 
 in fact , i suspect she was using him to try to make me jealous . 
 `` so , i invited larry and sort of encouraged him to act interested in you . '' 
 he stopped her before she could react . 
 `` let me finish , please . 
 i thought maybe julie would prefer someone more of a challenge , someone interested in you . 
 i even got my hopes up when she asked larry to dance . 
 that backfired , too . 
 larry seems really interested in you , and i ca n't tell him to lay off . 
 i 'm out of ideas , katryn . 
 i only know i ca n't take anymore . 
 i know you ask no more of your friends than you yourself are willing to give , but i 'm afraid i 'd fall well short of your mark . '' 
 katryn hurt too much to answer . 
 they walked in silence the rest of the way back . 
 katryn took her things into the room she had shared with mary and anne . 
 she packed everything so she would be ready to go when the others were . 
 she thought of tom , of the fact that he , too , understood what friends did for each other , meant to each other . 
 even that did not lessen the empty feeling she now considered her constant companion . 
 she went back out to her log and absorbed all she could of the ocean . 
 she let the sounds , sight , and smells wash over her one last time . 
 she wondered , listlessly , how the ocean could be just as it was when she first sat here ; yet her life had changed drastically the last two days . 
 while the tide had washed clean all traces of the night before , all signs of the many campfires that had dotted the beach , katryn knew she would never be so lucky . 
 this weekend was one she would never forget . 
 they left about noon , stopping at a hamburger place on the way out of town . 
 they got back to spokane well after supper , and katryn felt a little sorry that bob and mary had not been able to ride back in the van with the rest of them . 
 as tired as they were when they headed out , the others still managed to laugh most of the way home . 
 ed , ken , even anne kept them all entertained . 
 the few times katryn actually caught paul 's eye , she saw he , too , was merely pretending to enjoy the trip . 
 there was no humor in his eyes . 
 she wondered if the twinkle was gone for good . 
 they arrived at the parking lot with everyone promising to make another trip to oregon soon . 
 katryn knew she would not join them the next time . 
 when katryn got home , she gave dottie and joe a call . 
 they told her they had had a wonderful time , and the boys were worn out . 
 they wondered if they could bring the boys back in the morning . 
 dottie would open the store , and katryn could come in at 12:30 to relieve her for lunch , they teased . 
 katryn soaked in a nice warm bath , using the time to remind herself of all the good times she had shared with julie . 
 she remembered when she first opened the store , and julie gave her a beautiful hanging shamrock for above her desk . 
 it still hung there . 
 she remembered all the birthdays they had shared , always teasing each other about their ages . 
 she remembered the soccer games they had attended together ; cheering so loudly that timmy would get embarrassed . 
 ryan had loved it . 
 she tried to remember all the fun they had had , all the times they had shared , both good and bad . 
 all the times they had ` been there ' for each other when it was needed most . 
 she reminded herself , finally , of what a good friend julie had been ; that the friendship was worth saving . 
 while the time she spent soaking in the tub was used to remind herself how important friendship was , the time she spent asleep told her how much she would miss paul . 
 her dreams were filled with paul . 
 paul playing electric soccer games with her boys . 
 paul ladling punch at her store party . 
 paul flying a kite with the ocean roaring beside him . 
 for no reason , or for every reason , she started to cry . 
 tom managed , she scolded herself , and you will , too . 
 by the time the boys got home , she had gotten herself under control , and had , hopefully , locked away all feelings for paul . 
 joe liked the sweatshirts , though he told katryn she should not have spent that much money . 
 timmy and ryan were even more excited about their t-shirts when they realized the design on their t-shirts resembled the ones on grampa joe 's and gramma dottie 's sweatshirts . 
 `` now we can all be twins ! '' 
 ryan teased . 
 after joe left , assuring katryn that the boys had been very well behaved , she spent time telling them about the ocean . 
 she told the boys how she had flown kites with hundreds of other adults , described all the different styles of kites , even the stunt kites that were available . 
 she tried to make them see and hear and smell and experience how wonderful the ocean was , and ended up promising they would all go to the coast in the summer . 
 audrey came a little before noon to watch the boys . 
 she liked her blouse , and told the boys she would help them with their kites . 
 katryn left the three of them in oregon coast shirts , and headed to work . 
 dottie had her sweatshirt on when katryn got to work . 
 `` i like your sweatshirt , '' katryn kidded when she saw dottie . 
 `` someone must have great taste . 
 even the color suits you . '' 
 `` size was right , too , '' dottie agreed before thanking katryn . 
 then she asked expectantly , `` how was the ocean ? '' 
 katryn knew what dottie was asking . 
 `` really nice . 
 i 'm hoping that maybe one week this summer i can talk you and joe into handling the shop so the boys can see how beautiful the ocean really is . '' 
 `` you know we 'd love to , '' dottie quickly assured her . 
 `` but how was the weekend ? 
 i mean , did everyone get along , ok ? '' 
 katryn was not ready to talk about what had happened , and she knew dottie would persist , so she decided on a little white lie . 
 `` everyone got on fine . 
 it was a wonderful weekend , and i really appreciate your fixing it so i could go . '' 
 at that , dottie became very animated . 
 `` i 'm so glad it went well . 
 you know , i think paul is a very nice man . 
 when we had lunch we talked about so many things . '' 
 katryn smiled while dottie unknowingly twisted the knife even deeper . 
 `` katryn , joe and i want you to know that , just in case things work out well ... what i mean is , if you and paul ... '' she tried one more time , `` well , we really love you and ... oh heck , what i 'm trying to say is , we 'd be honored to have a double wedding in december . '' 
 katryn 's smile never faltered when she answered . 
 `` dottie that 's the nicest thing i 've ever heard . 
 i 'm not sure ... '' `` we 're not trying to rush you . 
 after all , december 's a long way off . '' 
 katryn was saved by customers . 
 she was sure the fates were finally taking pity on her . 
 the day was fairly busy , but still dottie had time to tell her how well the weekend had gone . 
 saturday had been one of the store 's busiest ever , and dottie admitted she would have been swamped without joe 's help . 
 sunday , with the boys , had been an adventure , too . 
 a much more pleasant one , luckily . 
 they had spent the day at the walk in the wild zoo . 
 the boys had petted , fed , mimicked or stared at every animal there , dottie was sure . 
 `` it was great of you to take them , '' katryn told her friend . 
 `` we 're hoping you 'll let us do it more often , '' dottie told her . 
 `` joe ca n't wait to go to soccer games , and we hoped that we can take the boys out on joe 's boat on sundays , sometimes ? '' 
 `` the boys will love it , '' katryn assured her . 
 `` and maybe , once in a while , you could go to a soccer game and i 'll watch the store , '' katryn offered . 
 `` after all , the major thing is that they have someone to cheer them on . 
 i 'm sure you and joe could handle that fine . '' 
 joe showed up before closing time to take dottie home . 
 he agreed with dottie that they would be happy to take the store for a week in the summer , and checked with katryn about when soccer started . 
 when she got home , the boys told her they had gotten their kites airborne and ryan was happy he could fly a kite even with the cast on . 
 audrey had left when katryn got there , but was back in time for katryn to go to volleyball . 
 ` well ' , katryn thought , heading to practice for the final time , ` the last few weeks have given me a lot . 
 tom 's an even closer friend , anne 's becoming one , dottie and joe are getting married and my boys have a set of grandparents who live near us . 
 i feel like i 've gotten to know ken , ed , mary and bob better , and i 've not lost julie as a friend . 
 maybe things are n't perfect , but they 're not so bad , either ' . 
 julie was not at practice , and katryn hoped nothing serious had come up . 
 first she missed the trip , now practice . 
 and katryn had been too wrapped up in herself to think to call julie . 
 great friend , she berated herself . 
 otherwise , the team did well . 
 paul was a little quiet , and katryn wondered if the others noticed . 
 nothing was ever said , though . 
 for her part , katryn had to admit she was glad julie was not there . 
 with only three women , none of them had to sit out any games . 
 she not only did not have to worry about sitting out , maybe having to talk to paul , she also did not have to worry about sitting out thinking about paul . 
 it was enough to have to deal with the occasional touch when they came close . 
 she told herself her heart was locked far away . 
 she was glad she did not have to put it to the test . 
 the team worked together beautifully whipping jim 's team in five straight games . 
 remembering the comments his team had made the last practice , katryn was tempted to gloat a little . 
 she chose not to . 
 instead she smiled at jim and thought ` put that in your pipe and smoke it ' . 
 denny 's was time for gloating , however . 
 `` those games felt better than the whole league , '' katryn was surprised to hear paul admit . 
 `` ` best team did n't win ' , '' he mimicked what had been said last week . 
 `` guess there 's no doubt now ! '' 
 `` aye , aye , '' tom agreed . 
 `` victory is sweet . '' 
 they all left together , and katryn found herself actually looking forward to friday . 
 it would be the last time this team would be together and she would miss that . 
 they had become closer , after the weekend . 
 it had even shown in their playing . 
 it reminded katryn of why she had always loved sports . 
 not only did you get exercise , get to burn off a little steam , but you also got to do something you liked with people you got along with . 
 and the team , the way it was right now , was what she had always known was possible . 
 teammates who could work together and not let their egos interfere . 
 players who could use each person 's strengths to minimize the team 's weaknesses . 
 individuals who truly liked sports , and each other . 
 and , in spite of what had been said about jim 's team , katryn knew the ever readys had become a group of people who found playing more important than winning . 
 hoping her feelings for paul truly were tucked far away , she vowed to enjoy the team , for as long as she could . 
 paul did not show for lunch tuesday , but katryn had not expected him . 
 it was for the best , she reminded herself at closing , after not seeing him at all . 
 still , she missed him . 
 she hurried to pasadena park after work to pick up the boys at soccer practice . 
 while ryan was not allowed to play , he was able to run some of the drills . 
 practice ended shortly after katryn got there . 
 she dropped joey off at his house , and asked him to thank his mom for picking up her boys . 
 `` mom said to tell you this works good for her , too . 
 she has time to fix supper before she has to go get my brother . 
 see you thursday . 
 oh , and thanks for the ride , '' he added , getting out of her car . 
 she waited until he got inside the house before she drove away . 
 katryn tried julie 's number three or four times , but the line was busy . 
 wednesday after work , and again after cub scouts , she tried julie 's number . 
 she got only the answering machine . 
 thursday soccer practice got out late . 
 by the time katryn had fixed supper , bathed and read to the boys , and gotten ready for bed , it was too late to call . 
 friday , audrey called her at work . 
 `` julie left word on your answering machine that she ca n't make the tournament tonight . '' 
 katryn was beginning to worry , and she decided she would have to try harder to catch julie at home . 
 the truth was , though , the team did super without julie . 
 maybe some of it was because katryn did not have to watch every move she made around paul , but part of it was also because how close the team had become . 
 they never lost a single game , and they left the gym with two sets of trophies , 1st place in league and 1st place in tourney . 
 dancing was the best ever . 
 katryn knew it , too , was because the team felt closer after the weekend . 
 ken and ed only deserted occasionally , dancing with katryn , mary and anne for the most part . 
 the fast dances were especially fun with the ever readys and their partners making human chains to dance around the floor . 
 sometimes they changed to doing the twist , rumba , and foxtrot to rock music . 
 paul asked her to dance only once , a fast one of course , but no-one noticed since she danced nearly every dance . 
 it was the best night they had ever had , and if anyone noticed that larry and bill were missing , they never mentioned it . 
 it was as they were getting their coats , getting ready to leave , that a small bit of unpleasantness creeped in . 
 `` when does softball practice start , coach ? '' 
 bob asked . 
 though he did not play volleyball , he had asked to join their softball team this year . 
 `` a week from monday . 
 6:00 o’clock at minnehaha park , '' she told him . 
 `` paul , you are going to join us this year , right ? '' 
 bob asked . 
 `` i 'd hate to be the only new one . '' 
 katryn held her breath . 
 it stopped the pain , a little . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i think the transit team practices monday 's , so i may not be able to . '' 
 katryn knew it was a lie . 
 so , this is where the friendship ends , she told herself when they walked out to their cars . 
 well , he had warned her . 
 still , even holding her breath would not help this time . 
 paul 's car was parked next to hers . 
 while everyone waved and called goodnight to each other , paul said goodnight to katryn . 
 `` goodnight , '' she said , thinking goodbye was perhaps more appropriate . 
 `` it did n't work out with paul , did it ? '' 
 dottie asked saturday , when she came to spell katryn for lunch . 
 katryn shook her head . 
 dottie was near tears . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 he seemed so nice , too . 
 joe and i both hoped ... '' `` i know . 
 i guess i did , too , a little . 
 but there was no way it could work out . '' 
 katryn had to get some fresh air . 
 `` dottie , i may take a little longer at lunch today . 
 it 's not been very busy . 
 do you mind ? '' 
 `` no . 
 joe 's browsing down the hall , so if i need help he 'll be around . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 katryn got her coat and went out to her car . 
 she was not hungry . 
 in fact , she doubted she could eat anything . 
 instead she drove to the upriver dam and watched the water rush over the spillway to crash on the rocks below . 
 she had read once , something about positive ions being released at waterfalls . 
 she remembered , vaguely , that white water was a sign that the ions were being released into the atmosphere . 
 the ions were supposed to be rejuvenating , therefore , being near white water was supposed to calm you . 
 she stood on the retaining wall near the falls and hoped the ions would help . 
 it was quite some time later that she realized she must have been daydreaming . 
 she had not noticed the time go by , and she felt better . 
 she headed back to work , and dottie was pleased to see how relaxed she now appeared . 
 she and the boys went roller-skating and she was not surprised julie did not show . 
 since her friend had not called to make sure they were going , katryn had not expected her to be there . 
 she was a little uneasy though , about not hearing from her friend . 
 sunday , katryn started reading the book about whales to her sons . 
 they talked about going whale watching in oregon and what fun they would have on the beach . 
 she told herself it should not hurt to think about the coast , but in truth it did hurt . 
 monday was the start of softball practice . 
 after work , katryn found a parking spot near the diamond at minnehaha park and saw that tom and anne were already warming up . 
 soon ken , ed , mary and bob showed . 
 most of the people from last year 's team were back , and two new women , april and donna , joined them . 
 while katryn was again captain , tom was coach and ran the practices . 
 it felt good to katryn to be outdoors playing softball again . 
 granted , it was a bit cold , but it was fresh air she was breathing . 
 and it was nice to see people she had not seen since july of last year . 
 practice went well , and katryn refused to be upset over paul 's absence . 
 it would hurt more to see him , she told herself . 
 since the softball games would be on friday , the team decided they would like to practice twice a week just until the games started . 
 katryn was amazed that everything had worked out so well . 
 monday and friday she had softball . 
 tuesday and thursday the boys had soccer practice , with their games on saturdays . 
 wednesday was cub scout night . 
 she thanked the fates for working it out so well . 
 then she added a thank you that she was being kept too busy to think about a certain person she knew . 
 the week went well . 
 tuesday paul did not show up for lunch , and dottie never again asked about him . 
 timmy 's first soccer game of the season would be saturday at 8:00 am , and dottie agreed to watch for the first half hour , and then open the store , so that katryn could stay the whole game . 
 friday practice went well , and katryn liked the looks of the softball team . 
 they showed promise . 
 saturday rolled around and katryn , armed with thermoses of hot cocoa , a blanket , and two chairs , met dottie and joe at the soccer field . 
 dottie and ryan used the chairs . 
 katryn ran up and down the field , joe beside her , encouraging the team . 
 dottie left at half time , when timmy 's team was ahead 3 to 1 . 
 katryn and joe yelled enough encouragements to the whole team that timmy was completely embarrassed . 
 he was even more embarrassed by the whooping and hollering his mother did when they won 5 to 3 . 
 after the game , the coach came to talk to katryn . 
 `` mrs. delaney , you 're a joy to have here . 
 it 's a welcome change to have a parent who always finds something nice to say to all the boys . 
 tell me , though , how do you know all their names ? '' 
 `` their names are on their jerseys ... '' katryn answered , laughing . 
 `` written so small you ca n't see them from the side lines , '' he reminded her . 
 `` even i sometimes have trouble remembering . '' 
 `` because of my store , i 've gotten pretty good at remembering names . 
 and i 've noticed with my own two boys that it seems really important to the kids to have an adult call them by name . 
 it seemed just a little effort on my part made a big difference to them . '' 
 `` it means a lot to the kids to hear the praise , too '' the coach added . 
 `` i wish all the parents would be as positive as you . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i 've played sports all my life , and the one thing i noticed early on is that a player usually knows when they make a mistake , and it does n't help them to be reminded of it . 
 it 's amazing , though , how well someone plays when he 's feeling good about himself . 
 besides , i want sports to be fun , and rewarding , for my boys . 
 it 's always been for me . '' 
 `` i hope you continue to make all the games , mrs. delaney . 
 maybe your attitude will rub off on some of the other parents . '' 
 katryn knew exactly who he meant . 
 many times she had yelled especially loud trying to drown out one of the fathers who had nothing good to say about any of the kids . 
 katryn introduced grampa joe to the coach and explained that he would be at any games she missed to continue embarrassing timmy . 
 `` oh , mom , '' timmy said , overhearing her . 
 katryn and joe left the field chuckling . 
 grampa joe wanted to take the boys for a victory coke , so katryn headed to work . 
 she told dottie all about the second half of the game , and they reminded each other of some of the funnier happenings of the first half . 
 after work , katryn tried julie a couple times before she and the boys got comfortable watching pete 's dragon . 
 when they were getting into bed , ryan remembered something . 
 `` mom , guess who we saw after the game ? 
 paul was at soccer watching another team . '' 
 her heart constricted and she took in a deep breath . 
 timmy joined in . 
 `` yeah . 
 he went for a coke with us , and we told him all about our game . 
 i asked if he could come watch my game next week and he said ` maybe ' ! '' 
 `` grampa joe showed him the schedule so he could see if he could come , '' ryan added . 
 `` that 's nice , '' katryn told them . 
 `` mom , if he comes next week , can we invite him here to play our soccer games and have pizza again ? '' 
 timmy asked excitedly . 
 `` we 'll have to see , '' katryn told him . 
 `` he 's probably too busy . 
 he 's on a softball team and they might play on saturday 's , '' she explained , fishing for excuses . 
 `` huh-uh . 
 nope . 
 he said he 's not playing softball this year . 
 timmy told him to call you and he could join yours . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 and what did he have to say to that ? '' 
 she asked noncommittally . 
 a little dejected , timmy reported paul had said he would have to see ` cause he 's pretty busy at work . ' 
 she was happy to hear he had used the same excuse she had . 
 `` well , maybe some saturday you 'll see him again at soccer , '' she told them before tucking them in and kissing them goodnight . 
 while she got herself ready for bed , katryn wondered who paul had been watching . 
 she did not think he had any relatives in spokane . 
 it dawned on her , painfully , that he probably had a new girlfriend who had boys in soccer . 
 she tried to remember what the boys had said about going for a coke . 
 had they mentioned if he had been alone ? 
 she honestly could not remember . 
 ` darn ' , she chastised herself , ` that 's what you get for not paying attention . ' 
 she slept fairly well , but she awakened with memories of dreams about paul . 
 otherwise sunday was nice . 
 katryn and the boys took their kites up to the park and had a lot of fun flying them . 
 when they got home they had some hot cocoa . 
 it was not until they started to warm up that they realized how cold they had gotten . 
 after dinner , katryn tried julie 's number and again got only an answering machine . 
 this was not at all like her friend , and katryn was getting more worried . 
 the next week went fairly well at work , and with soccer , scouts and softball . 
 even saturday was good , since paul did not make timmy 's game . 
 the only problem at all , was that katryn still could not get a hold of julie . 
 friday she had even gotten worried enough to call her friend at work , but julie had already left for the day . 
 since the secretary did not say anything about something being wrong with julie , katryn was at least relieved that her friend obviously had not been in an accident . 
 the first thing katryn did when she got to work monday , even before opening the store , was to call julie at work . 
 she knew her friend would be having her free period , so instead of leaving a message she told the secretary it was important she talk to julie . 
 after a few minutes , julie got on the line . 
 `` i 've been worried about you . 
 is everything ok ? '' 
 katryn asked . 
 `` i ca n't talk now , katryn . '' 
 `` julie , is everything ok ? '' 
 `` i 'll call you tonight . 
 i promise . 
 i have to go now . '' 
 perhaps katryn should have been able to guess what was up , but she had no idea . 
 instead , she worried all day at work . 
 it was unlike julie to be secretive with her best friend . 
 she knew it had to be something serious . 
 when she got home , katryn phoned julie . 
 when the answering machine started its spiel , katryn yelled into the phone . 
 `` julie , if you do n't answer this phone right now i 'll be at your office tomorrow at 7:00 am . 
 and i wo n't leave until ... '' `` katryn , i 'm here , '' julie finally admitted . 
 `` julie , what 's going on ? '' 
 katryn demanded . 
 `` i 'm not sure ... i do n't know ... katryn , i did n't do this on purpose ... '' `` do what ? '' 
 katryn prodded . 
 `` katryn , i think we need to talk ... '' `` i agree . 
 that 's why i called . 
 julie ... '' `` no , i mean , i think we need to talk , but not over the phone . 
 can you come over ? '' 
 katryn checked with audrey and called julie back . 
 she would be at julie 's in about twenty minutes . 
 for that entire twenty minutes , katryn was a nervous wreck . 
 oh no , she thought , what if julie had found out about katryn and paul . 
 what if she were finally going to have to face losing her best friend . 
 an uglier thought crept in for just a moment . 
 what if julie and paul were ... and paul told her about katryn ? 
 ` oh fates , if you 're listening at all , i promise , this 'll never happen again . 
 please . 
 i ca n't lose my best friend now , not on top of losing paul . 
 please ... ' katryn was not sure how she had gotten to julie 's . 
 by rights , she should have probably been in an accident . 
 after all , she had paid no attention to her driving . 
 she pulled into julie 's drive , turned off the car , and just sat . 
 now that she was here , she was not sure if she really wanted to find out what julie had to tell her . 
 when julie opened the front door and half-heartedly waved , katryn got out of her car . 
 they barely exchanged hi 's , and julie led katryn to the large living room . 
 even with a fire burning brightly , katryn felt chilled . 
 the hot cup of coffee julie handed her did not help at all . 
 `` katryn , what i 'm going to tell you might make you angry , '' julie started . 
 `` me angry ? '' 
 katryn asked , confused . 
 `` i need to tell you everything , then if you hate me ... '' `` julie , we 're best friends . 
 i could n't hate you , '' katryn reassured her , seeing that it was very difficult for julie , whatever it was . 
 `` do you know why i did n't go to rockaway ? '' 
 `` you never did tell me . '' 
 `` it was because of larry . '' 
 the surprise must have shown on katryn 's face , she knew , because julie now rushed on non-stop . 
 `` katryn , i liked larry . 
 i liked him a lot . 
 but you were dating him , so i had to leave him alone . 
 i did ok on friday nights , i could almost handle the dancing because the other men kept me busy . 
 but it was n't easy watching him with you , and i knew i 'd never be able to go through a whole weekend watching you two together without you finding out . '' 
 `` but you said he was conceited , that you did n't like ... '' `` i know . 
 i lied . 
 i could n't very well tell you i liked him . 
 we had that understanding . '' 
 `` julie , it 's ... '' she got no chance to continue when the door bell rang . 
 the door opened , and larry walked in . 
 `` i know what you said ; julie , but i could n't leave you to do this alone . '' 
 then he turned to katryn . 
 `` hi , '' was all he said . 
 he walked over and stood behind julie 's chair resting his hands on her shoulders . 
 with his support , julie rushed on . 
 `` katryn , i decided not to go to rockaway . 
 i called your house so i 'd get your answering machine . 
 i could n't tell you the real reason i was n't going , and i knew i could n't lie to you , so i took the coward 's way out . 
 anyway , larry called at about six that evening . 
 he 'd gotten held up at work , and had missed you guys . 
 he was trying everyone 's number hoping someone had a kid , or roomy who 'd know the name of the hotel you were staying at . 
 i was home , obviously . '' 
 larry nodded and julie took a deep breath . 
 `` when larry got a hold of me , he was surprised i had n't gone with the others . 
 he asked if i 'd like to ride with him , and i said no . 
 when he asked why , i started to cry . '' 
 katryn sat numbly while larry and julie , together , explained the rest . 
 julie finally admitted to larry that she cared for him . 
 then she told him she never wanted to see him again , and hung up on him . 
 fifteen minutes later larry was on her doorstep . 
 he refused to leave until he could talk to her . 
 eventually he wore her down , and she let him in . 
 he told her he cared very much for her . 
 he said that he was only going to rockaway because she was going . 
 he admitted he had not asked her out , or even danced much with her because he had thought she was with paul , and paul was his boss . 
 then julie told larry about not being able to date him because of katryn . 
 larry broke in . 
 `` katryn , i told julie that if you two were really such good friends , you 'd understand . 
 i told her i was n't going anywhere unless she went , too . '' 
 `` and eventually , '' julie was crying now , `` he told me he loved me . 
 he 's asked me to marry him , katryn . 
 i ca n't , if it means losing our friendship . '' 
 katryn was stunned . 
 everything she had been through with paul , julie had been going through with larry . 
 part of her hurt knowing what julie had been through . 
 julie interrupted her thoughts . 
 `` there 's something else i have to tell you . '' 
 looking at larry she said , `` i have to tell you everything , so you 'll know what kind of friend i really am . '' 
 katryn heard the recrimination in julie 's voice . 
 `` larry spent that weekend with me . 
 we 've been together ever since . 
 he 's moved in with me , katryn . 
 i 'm so sorry ... '' the room became suffocatingly quiet , the gas fire offering very little background noise , as katryn 's insides warred . 
 ` she 's your best friend , surely you can forgive her . 
 you know how hard it was for you . ' 
 ` yes , but i fought the temptation for my friend . ' 
 ` did you really ? 
 what about the kisses and the dances ? ' 
 ` but i turned him away , ' she fairly shouted to herself . 
 ` my best friend meant that much to me . 
 why did n't it mean as much to julie ? ' 
 the minutes ticked by , and larry and julie watched katryn closely . 
 she stared at the flames giving no indication which part of her was winning . 
 julie knew her well , after all these years . 
 she knew katryn was trying to decide if their friendship was worth forgiving her . 
 she wondered what she would have done if it had happened to her . 
 a small voice made itself heard in katryn . 
 ` if this friendship was worth losing paul , is it not worth forgiving julie ? ' 
 tears trickled down katryn 's face and she turned , finally , to julie and larry . 
 `` i 've really missed you , julie , '' she admitted , with a lopsided grin . 
 julie was beside her immediately and hugged her best friend . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i never meant for this ... '' `` it 's ok , '' katryn told her honestly . 
 `` friends do n't judge . 
 i understand . '' 
 larry came and hugged both women , and after some stilted small talk , julie asked katryn if she would be her maid of honor . 
 `` i 'd have been hurt if you had n't asked , '' katryn admitted . 
 it was just katryn 's luck to hear they , too were planning a december wedding . 
 katryn drove along upriver and parked at the falls . 
 she tried to make sense of all of her conflicting feelings , but was too numb . 
 when it was late enough she knew the boys would be asleep , she went home . 
 she had no energy left , not even for them . 
 absently she wondered if the positive ions worked in the dark . 
 she went to bed that night debating whether paul was right . 
 did she ask too much of her friends ? 
 ` no ! ' 
 part of her answered emphatically . 
 ` tom knew how important friendship was . 
 he understood . ' 
 tuesday was a slow day at work , yet katryn was still unable to do her paperwork . 
 she could not concentrate . 
 after soccer , katryn took the boys out for pizza . 
 julie called when they got back home . 
 she told katryn , again , how sorry she was , and then she said she had to ask katryn a favor . 
 would she please not tell paul about larry ? 
 paul was larry 's boss , julie reminded her , and larry was not sure how paul would take the news . 
 katryn told julie that paul was not on her softball team , and she had not seen him since volleyball . 
 since she probably would not see paul , there was nothing for julie to worry about . 
 ` and you probably wo n't be seeing paul ! ' 
 katryn told herself when she went to bed that night . 
 she knew she could not call him and tell him she was now free , she was not that brave . 
 she could not handle an ` i told you so . ' 
 besides , by now he was probably seeing someone else . 
 she remembered that he had been to a soccer game , and decided it must be a new girlfriend 's child he had gone to watch . 
 thursday was softball practice . 
 katryn told no-one about julie and larry . 
 only tom would have understood how she felt and she was much too raw to even tell him . 
 she took a little kidding about missing monday 's practice , but offered no explanation . 
 the softball team was looking pretty good . 
 april and donna , the young unattached women she had gotten from the parks department , seemed to like ken and ed . 
 luckily , they also played softball well . 
 she had a couple more spots to fill , but so far the team was filling out nicely . 
 and ed thanked her numerous times for taking his suggestion to heart . 
 after practice tom helped her carry the equipment to her car . 
 `` do you think he 'll ever come back ? '' 
 tom asked . 
 she knew who he meant . 
 sometimes she wondered if he were psychic . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe friendship does n't mean very much to him . '' 
 `` i needed time away to think , too , katryn . 
 i came back . '' 
 `` we 'll see if he does , '' she said , not too optimistically . 
 she just could not talk about paul right now . 
 katryn went straight home after practice . 
 she told tom she had a headache and could not go for a coke . 
 she could see he did not believe her , but being the friend he was , he merely told her he hoped she would feel better soon . 
 `` do n't forget , i have broad shoulders you can use whenever , '' he added before she drove away . 
 when she got home , katryn told the boys she did not feel well , so they watched tv quietly while she rested . 
 they only argued once , running into her room to have her decide which movie they would watch . 
 trying to remember which tapes they had , she chose an american tail . 
 after the movie , the boys kissed her goodnight and went to bed by themselves . 
 they told her they were too old to be tucked in anyway , so she could just stay in bed tonight . 
 she appreciated how good they had been , but did not believe for a minute that they were too old to be tucked in . 
 she would wait till tomorrow to tell them , though . 
 saturday work was fairly busy . 
 dottie and joe took the boys to their soccer game at 11:00 , so dottie did not make it back until nearly one . 
 after katryn 's lunch , dottie told her all about how well timmy had done , assuring her boss that she and joe had encouraged the entire team throughout the game . 
 a game in which timmy had scored the winning goal , dottie told her . 
 saturday night katryn and the boys went skating . 
 she was surprised when julie showed up . 
 `` i would n't miss our skating night for anyone , '' she explained . 
 katryn smiled , remembering when julie had asked if she could skip skating if paul called to ask her out . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here , '' katryn admitted . 
 `` after all , i was getting worn out on all the double 's skating with both the boys . '' 
 while there was still a little tension between them , they both enjoyed the evening . 
 when julie finally got around to asking how katryn had felt about larry , katryn admitted she had not been the least attracted to him . 
 relieved , julie then went on about the plans she and larry had made for the future . 
 katryn found it did not bother her at all to talk about julie and larry . 
 `` i know how you must have felt about me after i went back on our promise , '' julie said when they were walking out to their cars after skating . 
 `` i 'm really glad you forgave me . '' 
 she quickly hugged katryn before hurriedly walking off towards her own car . 
 sunday katryn was finally able to make peace with herself about julie . 
 it took realizing she was just as disappointed in herself for not being honest with julie , as she was with julie . 
 she forgave both of them , finding it was just a little harder to forgive herself . 
 she played nerf soccer with the boys out in the fresh air , and started to feel a little more like the old katryn . 
 monday practice rolled around and katryn pulled tom aside . 
 `` larry and julie are getting married , '' she told him quietly . 
 he knew exactly what that meant . 
 `` that 's why she quit volleyball ? '' 
 katryn nodded at him . 
 `` behind your back ? '' 
 katryn gave him a wry smile . 
 `` completely , '' she admitted . 
 `` hurts when a friend lets you down , '' he said . 
 she nodded her agreement . 
 `` i 'll bet you found out some time before thursday 's practice ? '' 
 surprised , she nodded again . 
 `` you looked so dejected , '' he explained . 
 `` you did n't seem to want to talk about it then , but i figured it had to do with paul . 
 speaking of paul , does he know ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` will you tell him ? '' 
 `` no . 
 and i want your word you wo n't either . 
 i 'm not ready , yet . '' 
 `` you 've got it , of course , '' he promised . 
 half-way through practice , katryn heard a familiar voice . 
 `` got a position i can play ? '' 
 he asked . 
 katryn turned to face paul . 
 `` what position do you play ? '' 
 `` short stop , second base , or best friend ? '' 
 he suggested , the twinkle back in his eyes . 
 he took his mitt and headed towards the empty spot at second . 
 katryn 's heart started beating wildly . 
 ` wait and see ' , part of her said . 
 but another part kept crying , ` he 's back , he 's back ' . 
 chapter 12 paul , though friendly , kept his distance at practice . 
 numerous times katryn saw him teasing with anne , mary and the others . 
 he said almost nothing to her , however . 
 katryn began to wonder if he had only come to softball because he had missed the team . 
 not because of her , at all . 
 tom was hitting infield practice while katryn caught the in-coming balls . 
 `` are you going to tell paul ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then i will . '' 
 `` please do n't ... '' katryn begged , turning to argue with him . 
 she heard her name called at the same time she felt the ball slam into her right shoulder . 
 everyone stopped , waiting to see if she were hurt . 
 `` are you ok ? '' 
 tom asked , quickly dropping the bat and going to her . 
 he lightly touched her arm and she grimaced . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she lied . 
 `` please do n't embarrass me by making this a big deal , '' she whispered . 
 `` please keep hitting to the infield . 
 i 'll live , i assure you . '' 
 tom started to hit balls to the infield while he apologized . 
 `` if i had n't been arguing with you about telling paul , '' he told her , `` you would n't have gotten hit . '' 
 `` i 'm ok , honest . 
 so , please , drop it . '' 
 `` all right . 
 i wo n't tell paul just yet . 
 we 'll talk about this later . '' 
 after practice paul did not even offer to help katryn with the equipment , leaving it to tom and anne to help . 
 he stood back , seeming to watch her until the two new women caught up to him . 
 they wanted to know if he was going for a coke . 
 he left with them . 
 confused and hurt , katryn thanked tom and anne for helping get the equipment in her car . 
 tom made her promise to go for a coke before they left . 
 tom and anne waited at the door to the stagecoach for katryn . 
 tom offered to buy katryn 's coke if she would save a table for everyone . 
 since there was a bit of a line to order drinks , the rest of the team had not gotten to order yet . 
 katryn picked out a huge table and sat towards the middle wondering where paul would sit . 
 though there were seats all around her , paul moved to the end of the table . 
 the two new women sat with him . 
 tom , anne , bob , mary , surrounded katryn . 
 it was almost as if they were trying to protect her from paul . 
 it was a crazy thought , she knew , since they could not possibly know how he was hurting her . 
 a little while after their food had come ; ed and ken had gone to play video games . 
 anne excused herself to go to the ladies ' room , and bob and mary said they had to leave . 
 paul , april and donna got up , too , and soon tom and katryn were alone . 
 `` why wo n't you tell him ? '' 
 tom asked when it was safe . 
 `` i do n't think he cares anymore , '' she admitted . 
 tom saw the hurt in her eyes . 
 `` why not let him decide that ? '' 
 tom persisted . 
 `` please , tom . 
 you saw him . 
 he did n't seem at all interested in me ... '' `` he came back , '' tom reminded her . 
 `` maybe he just missed the team . 
 maybe he 's already over me and just wants to be with the team . 
 you have to admit he was pretty busy with april and donna . '' 
 tom would not admit how surprised he had been at paul 's behavior . 
 he tried one more time . 
 `` but what if he does care ... '' `` and what if he does n't ? 
 what if it no longer matters to paul ... if i no longer matter to paul ? 
 tom , please . '' 
 she reached over and took his hand . 
 `` please do n't . 
 ca n't you understand ? 
 what if you tell him , in essence , that i 'm available , and he says ` that 's nice - maybe i could hunt up another guy from transit . ' 
 i could n't take it , tom , '' she pleaded . 
 anne came out of the restroom to see paul standing near the front door . 
 she had thought he was leaving , but realized he must have just walked the ladies to their cars . 
 she saw that he was watching katryn and tom . 
 she could tell by the look on his face he was reading the situation wrong . 
 when he turned and stormed back out the door , anne followed him . 
 when anne finally joined tom and katryn , katryn was ready to go . 
 she was near tears , and needed some time alone . 
 tom offered to walk her to her car , but she refused . 
 `` thanks , anyway . 
 i 'll be ok , '' she told him . 
 he was going to protest , but anne caught his eye . 
 she shook her head slightly , hoping katryn would not notice . 
 she would explain when katryn was gone . 
 katryn was just a few steps out of the restaurant when paul caught up to her . 
 `` we need to talk , '' he told her `` i 'd rather not ... '' he picked her up and carried her to his car . 
 she did not bother fighting . 
 maybe she needed to hear whatever he had to say . 
 his car was parked behind the restaurant in the corner . 
 he deposited her in the back seat and slid in beside her . 
 katryn closed her eyes and steeled herself . 
 she imagined that paul wanted to give her rules on how their friendship would work . 
 at the thought of his affecting her during softball season , she suddenly became claustrophobic . 
 ` no , i ca n't take anymore ' , she told herself and she quickly reached for the door handle to escape . 
 she took paul unawares , and was almost free before he could react . 
 reaching for her , paul grabbed her shoulders to pull her back inside . 
 she let out a yelp of pain . 
 it was the last straw for katryn , and she gave up . 
 tears streamed down her face . 
 she allowed paul to pull her back into the car while he apologized again and again for hurting her . 
 seeing her tears , he cursed himself . 
 turning katryn around he carefully raised the sleeve of her t-shirt to expose her upper arm . 
 he cursed himself again when he saw the huge round purple-black bruise there . 
 he realized the ball had to have been thrown pretty darn hard to cause her arm to darken that quickly . 
 he bent over and softly touched his lips to the bruise . 
 `` i 'm sorry , katryn , i did n't mean to hurt you . '' 
 the tears doubled and she wondered if he had any idea how badly her heart was bruised . 
 paul folded her into his arms , being careful not to hurt her arm again , and let her cry herself out . 
 he waited till he was sure she was calmed down before he began . 
 `` katryn , i know you probably hate me right now , but please let me try to explain . 
 i came to softball today because i 'd finally decided i wanted your friendship . 
 i 'd missed you while i was gone . '' 
 katryn 's heart skipped a beat as she heard him go on . 
 `` i was doing fairly well at first . 
 it was nice being with everyone , and seeing you again . 
 i even tried to kid with the others and have some fun , hoping my feelings would n't show . 
 `` but you and tom were working so well together . 
 first , during batting practice , when he pitched and you caught . 
 then during infield practice , when he was batting and you were catching . 
 i guess i got a little jealous . 
 you two seemed so close , that i began to suspect you had gotten together once i left . '' 
 katryn tried to protest , but he kept on . 
 `` then , when we went for cokes , i purposely sat with april and donna . 
 i wanted to see if you 'd be jealous . 
 it did n't work , so i walked them to their cars and came back in planning to talk to you . '' 
 he paused for a moment before he continued . 
 `` when i came back i saw you alone with tom , having a rather intimate talk . 
 i saw you reach for his hand , and i guess i jumped to the wrong conclusion . 
 i stormed out and decided i 'd never see you again . 
 when i got to the car , though , anne caught up with me and had a few things to say . '' 
 katryn wondered if anne knew about julie , and whether she would have told paul `` i owe you an apology , katryn . 
 anne told me she and tom are to be married , and that you and tom are just good friends . '' 
 he stopped again , holding her close . 
 then he pulled back and tipped her face up so he could look at her . 
 `` katryn , i have to admit i 'm even jealous that you and tom are good friends . 
 i know it wo n't be easy , but i 'd like us to try again to be friends . 
 i 'm still not sure i can measure up , but i 'm willing to try . '' 
 katryn was a little confused , and it must have shown . 
 if paul did not know about julie , them his offer of friendship meant everything to katryn . 
 if he did know , it could only mean he wanted nothing more than friendship from her . 
 she was not sure she could handle that now . 
 `` what is it ? 
 am i asking too late ? '' 
 paul asked quietly . 
 katryn shook her head . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 he was becoming as confused as she was . 
 `` you mean friends only ? '' 
 she asked , tentatively . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` nothing else ? '' 
 she turned away . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 `` paul , '' she asked , inspiration making her bold , `` have you talked to larry lately ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he avoids me like the plague . '' 
 suddenly his heart stopped . 
 was larry avoiding him because he was dating katryn and had somehow found out about paul ? 
 `` why ? '' 
 paul turned her face towards him as he repeated , `` why ? '' 
 `` he did n't tell you he 's going to be married ? '' 
 she had to know . 
 paul dropped his hand from her face and looked away . 
 so that was it . 
 she and larry were going to be married . 
 the bile rose in his throat and he was unable to speak . 
 katryn flinched at the look on his face . 
 praying she was interpreting correctly , she reached up and forced him to look at her . 
 `` paul , larry 's getting married . 
 he 's marrying julie . '' 
 paul 's eyes widened in disbelief and he took her by her shoulders . 
 `` do n't tease me katryn . '' 
 she winced at the pressure he applied to her right arm . 
 dropping his hands immediately he apologized again . 
 `` but katryn , i have to know the truth . 
 who is larry marrying ? '' 
 `` julie . '' 
 she answered with a wry grin . 
 `` julie ? 
 why , that 's wonderful , '' he blurted . 
 it took a moment before he thought to ask , `` how do you feel about that ? '' 
 `` a little hurt , i guess . 
 that 's why they did n't go to oregon , you know . 
 also , i 'm a little embarrassed . '' 
 `` embarrassed ? 
 why ? '' 
 he wondered . 
 `` you were right , '' she admitted and he saw the hurt in her eyes . 
 `` i ask too much ... '' he put his finger to her lips and he shook his head . 
 `` i was wrong , katryn . 
 you do n't ask too much , it 's just that some of us do n't measure up . '' 
 he kissed her tenderly then continued . 
 `` did you know i went to all the boys ' soccer games ? '' 
 `` i knew about one . '' 
 `` i was at them all . 
 even when you were there , i was , too . 
 joe gave me the schedule , '' he admitted sheepishly . 
 `` he also gave me the idea of standing on the opponents ' side so you would n't notice me . '' 
 `` did you put timmy up to asking if you could come to our house for pizza ? '' 
 `` well , not exactly ... '' `` you 're awful , '' she teased . 
 `` your boys are special , katryn . 
 you 've raised them well . 
 dottie and joe think they 're pretty great , too , you know . '' 
 `` how do you know so much about dottie and joe , anyway ? '' 
 `` we 've become pretty good friends . 
 in fact , we have dinner together every week . '' 
 `` really ? 
 since when ? '' 
 `` since ryan broke his arm . 
 they made all the plans for babysitting so you could go to oregon , you know . 
 finding a way to encourage you to go , after you 'd refused , was joe 's idea , '' he admitted with a sly grin . 
 `` they care a lot about you , too . 
 they thought they were helping . '' 
 `` they must think a lot of you , as well , '' katryn surmised . 
 embarrassed , paul continued . 
 `` dottie decided to turn the tables on your match-making , according to joe ... '' suddenly he pulled back . 
 `` katryn , is there any reason ... i mean , i know i said best friends would be enough , but that was before ... '' `` why , paul , i 'd hate to lose you for a friend , '' she answered , seriously . 
 `` do n't be cute , '' he warned . 
 `` well , i guess having a friend to fall in love with ... '' `` katryn . '' 
 she stopped and looked up at him ; saw her reflection in his deep blue eyes . 
 `` katryn , i 've already gone well beyond the ` falling in love ' stage . 
 i told you a long time ago i do believe in love at first sight , and i 've known for quite some time that i 'm hopelessly in love with you . 
 but if you need more time ... '' `` i do n't need any more time , paul . 
 i have no doubts about how i feel about you , '' she told him honestly . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 he kissed her ; to be sure it was not merely a dream . 
 `` this is n't exactly how i planned to do this . 
 in fact , i 'd thought the perfect place would be clinkerdaggers ' . 
 in the soft candle light , on my knee . 
 i 'd have done this properly . 
 but now i find i ca n't wait that long . 
 i have to know . 
 katryn , will you marry me ? '' 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 he wrapped her in his arms again . 
 it felt so ... right to her . 
 `` did you know dottie and joe originally planned to wed in june ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` they decided to postpone on the chance there could be a double ceremony if they waited until december . 
 do you think ... ? '' 
 `` june sounds much nicer to me . 
 for a double ceremony that is , '' katryn offered . 
 `` and we 'll have two ring bearers for the rings . 
 ryan 's cast should be off by then ? '' 
 paul asked , and katryn nodded . 
 `` know what bothered me the most ? '' 
 he asked after a few minutes . 
 she again shook her head . 
 `` the fact that tom understood . 
 it still bothers me that it took me nearly a month to realize how much even your friendship meant to me . 
 a month ! 
 tom knew all along . '' 
 before she could answer , paul tilted her chin up and began to kiss her . 
 she felt herself respond to him , and she decided there would be time later , much later , to tell him tom had taken six weeks . 
 about the author kerry is a single mother of 3 whose love of reading led her to an even greater love of writing . 
 she spent many years enjoying the lives and people she discovered in her writing , and now would like to share those people and events with others who share her love of reading . 
 she makes her home in spokane , wa -lrb- where a few of her books come to life -rrb- , and sometimes wished she lived in montana where there was even more snow -lrb- home of another book -rrb- . 
 she has spent many vacations on the oregon coast -lrb- home to still another book -rrb- , and has finally been able to spend a couple vacations in ireland -lrb- surely the home to another book soon ? -rrb- . 
 she hopes you find the people in her books worth knowing , and that their adventures are as interesting to you as they are to her . 
 kerry would greatly appreciate hearing of your experiences with her books , so please feel free to leave comments and/or contact me on the link below : www.facebook.com/kerry.kelly.7587 
