 special smashwords edition without you by craig allen this book is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , or to actual events or locales is entirely coincidental . 
 without you this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you 're reading this ebook and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then you should return it and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of the author . 
 copyright © 2013 craig allen . 
 all rights reserved , including the right to reproduce this book , or portions thereof , in any form . 
 no part of this text may be reproduced , transmitted , downloaded , decompiled , reverse engineered , or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system , in any form or by any means , whether electronic or mechanical without the express written permission of the author . 
 the scanning , uploading , and distribution of this book via the internet or via any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law . 
 please purchase only authorized electronic editions and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials . 
 the publisher does not have any control over and does not assume any responsibility for author or third-party websites or their content . 
 artwork by http://damonza.com http://www.craigallenauthor.blogspot.com https://www.facebook.com/craig.allen.author isbn # 978-1-311881-99-1 -lrb- ebook -rrb- i sat in the dirty , overstuffed chair , pointing a gun at the kid . 
 he could n't have been more than eighteen , yet a highway of needle tracks laced his arms . 
 the junkie had a long-term relationship with heroin , one he 'd been maintaining long enough to give him the shakes , which had started five minutes ago . 
 he pulled at the plastic cable ties binding his skinny wrists to a water pipe that stood about six inches from the wall . 
 he 'd free himself eventually , of that i was certain , but he only needed to stay put for a little while longer . 
 the junkie tugged again then yanked his arms so violently i thought the pipe would come out of the ceiling . 
 i waved the revolver at him . 
 `` knock it off . '' 
 he grimaced , twisting his head to the side with his eyes shut . 
 no telling when he 'd gotten his last fix . 
 `` the hell do you want , man ? '' 
 i said nothing . 
 i did n't care what the junkie thought of me or what he did after i left . 
 all i cared about was what would happen if he freed himself before three o’clock . 
 a half-dozen beer bottles lay on the couch , stuffed with cigarette butts . 
 lipstick covered the ends of some of them . 
 the carpet looked as if it might have been gray at one time , but large streaks of black and brown ran through all the high-traffic areas . 
 something smelled rotten among the garbage bags sitting open in the kitchen . 
 `` this place is repugnant , '' i said . 
 `` how do you live like this ? '' 
 `` piss off . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i wondered if the boy would actually get cleaned up after he did some jail time . 
 eventually , his desire for more of his beloved drug would give him the strength to break free from his restraints . 
 i 'd be gone by then . 
 and anna would be safe . 
 `` c’mon , man , what 'd i do ? '' 
 the junkie tugged at the restraints again , but stopped when i gestured with the gun . 
 i was glad i had searched the room beforehand and found the weapon under the mattress . 
 that made things much easier . 
 the look on his face when he had seen me standing there with his own gun was priceless . 
 `` did t-dog send you , man ? '' 
 he gritted his teeth , fighting off the withdrawals . 
 `` look , i got the money , all right ? 
 i 'll take you to it , but first i need ... i need it , you know ? '' 
 i glanced at my watch , careful not to let the junkie see the 3-d display . 
 no one would believe anything he said about it , but i did n't want to tempt fate . 
 two more minutes . 
 i could 've left the room then and there . 
 the worthless creature would n't break free for a while . 
 but i stayed to be sure . 
 no point in taking chances . 
 `` god damn it . '' 
 the junkie just kept staring at me . 
 i kept an eye on my watch , counting the seconds to three o’clock , then waited a few seconds more . 
 when i was sure she was safe , i stood . 
 the junkie recoiled while i adjusted my coat with one hand . 
 `` you gon na do it now ? '' 
 the junkie 's breathing quickened . 
 he looked as though he might actually cry . 
 `` oh man , do n't do it . '' 
 pathetic . 
 i backed away , trying to avoid the bags of rotting garbage while keeping the revolver trained on him . 
 when i made it to the front door , i pocketed the gun . 
 i patted my coat pocket again to make sure i had picked up the junkie 's keys . 
 he would n't be needing them anyway . 
 `` i can pay you . 
 i swear . '' 
 i opened the door , slipped outside , and closed it behind me . 
 i moved through the breezeway quickly , wanting to get out of there fast . 
 i turned down the alley , glancing over my shoulder . 
 i tossed the keys through the sewer grate , and they disappeared into darkness . 
 the junkie 's car was parked around the corner . 
 i thought about popping the tires , but decided it was n't necessary . 
 his house key had been on the key ring , but he kept a spare key in a wall crack outside the building . 
 i had seen that , along with his car , when i 'd scanned the area around the building before arriving . 
 of course , he 'd be spending the next few years in jail , so it did n't matter if he had a spare key or not . 
 i dropped the revolver inside a dumpster and closed the lid gently so it would n't bang shut . 
 i wanted to take the gun back with me , but i could n't because i did n't bring it in the first place . 
 a chill wind blew between the buildings . 
 december in denver was not as bitterly cold as most people thought , but it did get cold enough to keep most people indoors . 
 that was a good thing . 
 one look at my watch would send them into hysterics , not to mention what they would think if they saw me return . 
 i walked to the other end of the alley , stopped just short of the street , and waited in the building 's shadow . 
 i thought of going back and watching the junkie further ruin his life . 
 when the boy could n't find his keys , he 'd try to boost some wheels ... right in front of a cop . 
 he 'd go to jail where he would n't see his precious lover , heroin , for some time to come . 
 it would be amusing to watch it happen in real time , but i 'd already seen it happen earlier . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ i materialized in my lab . 
 nothing had been disturbed during the hour i was gone . 
 the machine wound down as i sat at my desk and brought up the viewing apparatus . 
 i zoomed in on the hotel where she stayed . 
 i 'd seen her there in the duality i saw before going back , a duality that no longer existed . 
 only one timeline remained , the one where suvs pulled up to the hotel . 
 she 'd actually arrived the day before but had done an interview at the local radio station that morning , plus a fan signing . 
 buckets of security people poured out of the vehicles , followed by her . 
 her fans cheered when she waved at them . 
 her security detail guided her into the hotel as if she were a fabergé egg . 
 i grinned . 
 i did it . 
 i stood and removed my coat , absently feeling for the lighter my dad had given to me when i headed off for engineering school . 
 i did n't have any butane for it , as that was illegal . 
 for that matter , the lighter did n't have flint , either . 
 but dad had given it to me , so i 'd kept it . 
 but when i reached into the coat pocket , i did n't feel the familiar rectangular lump through the material . 
 nothing . 
 the lighter was gone , forever . 
 it was probably at the bottom of the ocean , along with my favorite hat and the tools that had fallen out of my pockets when i had rescued anna from drowning the day before . 
 the tools i did n't care about , and dad would understand about the lighter if he were still around , but getting another hat would be tricky . 
 at least , i looked better than the last time i had come back from the past . 
 if anyone had walked in and seen my wet hair and damp clothes the day before , my forays would have been halted . 
 but max knew i worked better undisturbed , and he had given orders that the lab was off limits to everyone -- except for him , of course . 
 thus , no one came in to see me waving my coat back and forth over the air vents . 
 i had actually dried pretty quickly for a guy who 'd dropped into the ocean . 
 lesson learned : weight matters when going back and forth in time . 
 the mass of water and sand equal to the mass of my tools , lighter , and hat had come back with me because my pockets had emptied while i swam in the ocean . 
 i checked my clothes . 
 my coat was frayed , but no more than usual . 
 i still saw the places where i had mended my tie and slacks , but i doubted anyone else would notice unless i pointed out the irregularities . 
 and my shirt was still white . 
 well , mostly . 
 given that i 'd worn the same shirt , tie , slacks , and coat for over five years , i looked pretty good . 
 i hung up my coat and made sure the video loop still played . 
 earlier , i had recorded myself working for hours and then looped it , sending the recording through the hidden cameras . 
 that way , if someone spied on me while i was out of the lab , he only saw me working diligently . 
 i let it run even though i 'd returned . 
 i did n't want anyone to see me watching her . 
 i set the machine 's viewer to the concert , a performance she would not have done if the junkie had managed to get behind the wheel of his car and race through downtown , searching for his dealer . 
 i watched a concert that had n't existed an hour ago . 
 before yesterday , her music did n't exist . 
 after my changes in the past , i had a wealth of new songs and movies to enjoy , and by god , i was going to enjoy them . 
 the lights dimmed , and the crowd went wild . 
 anna started with `` guardian angel , '' singing the opening lines in complete darkness . 
 then the lights came up again , and she marched out of the fog . 
 she was an angel singing to a poor soul , telling him everything would be fine . 
 too bad things in my world were far from fine . 
 the day before , while my coat dried , i had listened to her music instead of doing work . 
 by the end of the day , i knew the words to every song and had begun to sing along . 
 then i wondered if i should . 
 max trusted me , but i would n't put it past him to bypass security and bug my lab on his own initiative . 
 what i worked on was important to him and the government , but she was far more important to me . 
 i had deactivated the logging system a couple of days before . 
 my trip to the beach would have recorded anomalies that might tip someone off . 
 so i jumbled logs from previous testing and set the machine to send random entries to the mainframe . 
 since i was the only one who really understood the machine , everyone would assume the log was meaningful only to me . 
 i glanced over at the core . 
 a faint , acrid smell remained even after the circulation systems cleared the air . 
 the electrical short had happened yesterday , after i saved anna and her friend from the truck -- which i had done just after saving her from drowning . 
 if i had n't been there , the truck would have killed her friend . 
 anna would 've survived , but she would have also been restricted to a wheelchair for life -- a life that would have ended shortly after the accident due to complications . 
 that past was gone , thanks to my having pushed them out of the path of the out-of-control truck . 
 but that action had only revealed another tragedy . 
 the duality involving the junkie , like the previous one involving the runaway truck , had shown two possibilities . 
 in one timeline , the junkie ran her off the road , sending her suv toppling over the edge of the viaduct to the road below . 
 after losing her spleen and spending weeks in the hospital , she succumbed to an infection and died . 
 in the second , she performed a new concert . 
 saving anna was becoming a full-time job . 
 i fast-forwarded a little on the viewer , but some sort of distortion appeared in the middle of the next song . 
 crap . 
 the machine was n't as reliable as it used to be . 
 after the burnout the day before , i had been limited to the downtown area . 
 i managed to patch things up somewhat , but it did n't work the way it used to . 
 the farthest back i could go was , luckily , to the junkie . 
 it did n't matter . 
 going back farther would accomplish nothing . 
 so far so good , but when anna left denver , she was on her own . 
 unless , of course , i could fix the machine . 
 all i needed was to dig through the mess i 'd created , find all the shorts in the system , and replace six transformers . 
 i could do the work in a week , but to go through all the channels to get the parts i needed -- even on a top-secret project like mine -- would take at least a month . 
 i thought about moving forward a day to see if she would leave -- or had left , depending on one 's perspective -- her hotel without incident , but the door chimed and slid open . 
 i hit a key on my keyboard , and the view switched to a series of meaningless logs that i 'd set up as a decoy . 
 max strolled in , grinning from ear to ear . 
 he wore a dark suit and a red tie . 
 `` hey , eric . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` max . '' 
 `` how 's my favorite inventor ? '' 
 `` pretty thrilled . '' 
 i made every effort to keep the sarcasm from my voice . 
 `` how 's things ? '' 
 `` funny , i was going to ask you the same thing . '' 
 the smug bastard was trying to be clever , but all he really wanted to know was my progress . 
 the last thing in the world i 'd ever tell him was that his spying machine was actually a time machine . 
 `` we 're not where we want to be , but look at this . '' 
 i brought up a simulation i 'd constructed earlier . 
 `` following alternating current is tricky . 
 it 's like swimming upriver . 
 however , under proper conditions , i can manage to pick up some things . '' 
 max brought his fingers to his chin , appearing thoughtful . 
 he was good at faking sincerity . 
 i pointed at the wave forms i had put together from initial tests . 
 `` these fluctuations are just the system moving through the power grid . 
 but this '' -- i pointed at a spike in the graph i 'd added for dramatic effect -- `` is what 's interesting . '' 
 `` what are we looking at ? '' 
 `` this is a medical device . '' 
 i displayed data yanked from a medical database . 
 `` specifically , a pacemaker that 's sending wireless signals back to the hospital . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 `` oh yes . 
 it belongs to my neighbor . '' 
 max raised a hand . 
 `` well done . 
 and you said it was impossible . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i had a little motivation . '' 
 `` this is wonderful news , eric . '' 
 he gestured at the screen . 
 `` how soon before we can access illegal devices ? '' 
 `` those are a little more complex . '' 
 i spoke from the script i 'd planned in my head , most of which was nonsense . 
 `` i know this device is a pacemaker because i know my neighbor has one . 
 i can detect the wireless signals it sends , but i ca n't discern what they mean . 
 once i figure out how to decode the signals , i can begin to separate legal devices from illegal ones . '' 
 i faced max . 
 `` but we have the basic idea down . 
 we need to have better control over our signal as it sniffs its way through the power grid . 
 also , we need to be able to track devices while roaming . '' 
 `` yes , but how soon ? '' 
 `` well , tracking technology has improved over the years , and no one 's even built a smartphone since they were made illegal , much less designed a better one , so we 're ahead of the game . 
 i think we can start tracking devices by february . '' 
 max smiled , patting me on the shoulder . 
 `` that 's good news . 
 it 'd be nice to have some arrests before long . 
 they 've been causing far too much dissonance lately . '' 
 he shook his head , pretending to be genuinely upset . 
 `` spreading all that hate around , it 's just awful . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 i 'd gotten good at lying to max . 
 `` not to mention identity theft . '' 
 `` oh , boy . '' 
 he grinned , pointing at me . 
 `` you 're not going to tell me that one again , are you ? '' 
 i faked a laugh and shook my head . 
 `` no , i think i 've told it enough . '' 
 ten years ago , someone had stolen my social security card from my safety deposit box then proceeded to clean out my bank account . 
 i was a student at the colorado school of mines at the time , and i really needed the money . 
 i was so disgusted that i left the state when i graduated . 
 i would n't have come back , except someone found out i was one of the best engineers in the country . 
 next thing i knew , federal agents were banging on my door . 
 they dragged me back to colorado to work on a special project , under max . 
 `` i get your point . '' 
 he held up his hands . 
 `` we definitely put a stop to that sort of thing , though . '' 
 the government had stopped identity theft by preventing people from accessing their own bank accounts without government permission . 
 the bureau for the betterment of society tracked every dollar meticulously . 
 my money was so secure even i could n't get to it . 
 max gestured at the machine . 
 `` looks like i have an excuse to give the people upstairs for why we 're using all the power . '' 
 `` we 're on our own supply , though . '' 
 `` yeah , but the engineers are screaming about the power spikes , saying we 're taxing the grid . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 `` they causing you trouble , max ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no . '' 
 he frowned , waving his hand in the air . 
 `` i just tell them to cram it . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` thanks for backing me up . '' 
 max winked then glanced at his watch . 
 `` you were n't planning on being here all night , were you ? '' 
 i glanced at the clock on my computer -- 9:18 . 
 `` oh , hell . '' 
 max 's laugh was almost too boisterous . 
 `` i do appreciate your diligence , but it 's not like you have all the time in the world , you know . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 for a moment , i thought i heard an emphasis on the word `` time . '' 
 i wrote it off to paranoia . 
 `` i just need to close some things down before i head out . '' 
 `` good . 
 have a good night . '' 
 max pushed the button to open the lab door . 
 `` and eric ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 max flashed another winning smile . 
 `` good work today . '' 
 `` thanks , max . '' 
 the lab door shut behind him . 
 i watched him on the wall monitor as the security camera tracked him heading down the hall . 
 i absently wondered where anna was now ... or rather then . 
 but it was late , and i could always check tomorrow . 
 i had started putting my tablet away when i saw movement on the monitor . 
 ralph was walking up the hall . 
 he waved at the camera . 
 max would n't even let the head of security have access to the lab , so i had to buzz ralph in . 
 `` just about to ping you , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , i 'm doing rounds . '' 
 he pointed at the ceiling , and i nodded . 
 he let out a heavy breath . 
 `` you never know when big brother is listening in , you know ? '' 
 `` you know we 're not supposed to call them that . '' 
 ralph shrugged . 
 `` i 've done worse . '' 
 `` yeah , me too . '' 
 ralph and i both had secrets , mostly along the same lines . 
 ralph thought he knew me , and he did . 
 he just did n't know about my activities of the past few days . 
 he gestured at the machine . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 `` as far as max is concerned , we 're making progress . '' 
 `` how is it really ? '' 
 `` i 'm still yanking his chain . '' 
 i gestured over my shoulder at the burned-out circuits . 
 `` he did n't ask about the mess i made , but he thinks i 'm making progress . 
 truthfully , this stuff does nothing he wants it to do . '' 
 ralph did n't know about the time traveling , either . 
 he thought i worked on spying equipment . 
 i had given him and his friends information on the project and told them i would stonewall until i learned more . 
 the plan was , if i managed to get it working , i 'd steal it , so we could spy on the government for a change . 
 i doubted ralph would have believed me if i told him what the device really did . 
 and if he did , his friends would find out and order it destroyed . 
 i planned on doing just that eventually , but not until i was sure anna was safe . 
 `` that 's a relief . '' 
 ralph took a quick glance through the small window in the lab door . 
 `` eric , there 's something you got ta know . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` max has been asking about you . '' 
 i tried to act nonchalant . 
 `` what 's he been asking ? '' 
 `` about how often you 've been staying late , if you talk about the project ... things like that . '' 
 `` what 'd you tell him ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i told him you been stayin ' late for the past couple of nights . 
 i did n't think that mattered . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 `` i told him you been hush-hush about the thing here . '' 
 `` that does n't sound so bad . '' 
 `` that 's the third time this week he 's asked about you . 
 he 's keeping tabs on you . '' 
 ralph crossed his arms and leaned a little closer . 
 `` remember that redhead over in hr ? '' 
 `` rhonda ? '' 
 `` yeah , her . 
 remember how max kept asking about her ? 
 then suddenly somebody snatched her as soon as she walked into the building ? '' 
 she was a sweet girl , but naïve . 
 she came from a rural area where asking questions was n't completely frowned upon . 
 in the city , no one asked questions for fear of asking the wrong ones . 
 curiosity could get one sent away . 
 `` i saw the guy who did it , too , '' ralph went on . 
 `` you know the guy with the burned ear ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i knew all of max 's people quite well . 
 ralph 's face grew long . 
 `` i wish i could 've stopped it . '' 
 he took another quick look through the window in the door . 
 `` word is she went up to fort logan . '' 
 i hoped it was n't true . 
 if so , she would n't be the same person when she came out . 
 `` damn . 
 she was a good kid , too . '' 
 `` she did n't deserve that , '' ralph said . 
 `` who does ? '' 
 `` true . '' 
 ralph rested his hand on the radio attached to his belt . 
 `` you heading out ? '' 
 `` yeah , just about . '' 
 the system finished powering down , and i shut off the monitors , making sure i had saved the last known locations of anna . 
 `` we still meeting tomorrow night ? '' 
 `` yeah , midnight , '' ralph said . 
 `` whole crew will be there . '' 
 the underground would want to know my progress . 
 i needed to plan on what to tell them . 
 if anna was in the clear , then maybe i could tell them the truth . 
 ralph nodded at the door . 
 `` i 'll walk you . 
 it 'll look better . '' 
 `` good idea . '' 
 ralph pushed the button to open the door . 
 i followed him into the hall and turned to check the door . 
 a shadow moved just inside the lab , as if darting to the side . 
 i frowned . 
 could one of max 's goons be in there ? 
 i did n't think so . 
 a grown man could n't easily hide in the lab . 
 the only entrance was the one i had just used . 
 there were n't even any windows . 
 i shook my head . 
 the late nights were making me see things . 
 ralph had made it to the corner . 
 `` eric , be careful , all right ? '' 
 i caught up to him . 
 `` are n't i always ? '' 
 `` seriously . 
 max has his game face on tight , but he 's a basket case . 
 someone 's going down . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'll watch out . '' 
 `` i hope so . 
 i do n't want you disappearing , too . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ streetlights zipped by overhead , temporarily pushing back the darkness inside my old taurus . 
 the light made me feel vulnerable . 
 a camera might pick up my face and notify someone that i was n't on my arranged route home . 
 my tablet sent signals to the road sensors , telling them to ignore the passing vehicle , but tricking the cameras was well beyond its programming . 
 leaving the office with our tablets was illegal , but with ralph 's help , i had disabled the trigger that would activate the alarm if i removed it from the building . 
 i kept my eye on the speedometer , glancing in the rear view every so often . 
 i was so paranoid about someone following me i nearly ran a stop sign . 
 fortunately , the tires did n't squeal when i hit the brakes , which would have set off road sensors that would bring the cops . 
 even my hacked tablet could n't stop that . 
 i 'd disabled the tracking devices inside my car , my watch , and my keys with the help of my tablet . 
 they continually sent signals to the satellites , showing that i was driving home on my prearranged route . 
 in reality , i headed to a parking garage on the other end of town . 
 i 'd added that feature not a month ago . 
 before that , i used to drive home , leave my keys , and then make my way elsewhere . 
 fortunately , i 'd gotten good at hotwiring my car in college . 
 my friends and i held contests to see who could hotwire their car the fastest . 
 we were certainly a strange bunch . 
 if a cop ran my plates and his computer told him i was somewhere else other than right in front of him , i 'd be in jail . 
 but i had to take the chance . 
 max never asked about the burnt circuits . 
 someone had to know that an overload occurred , and that someone would 've told max . 
 that and the fact that max had been asking ralph about me earlier meant going home would be a bad option . 
 in my rear view , i saw a car with overheads race through an intersection , going a different way . 
 he was n't after me , but if he saw me and decided to turn around , i could be in trouble . 
 i passed a dead ponderosa pine and saw the garage entrance after that . 
 my tablet activated the card reader , and the gate swung open . 
 i pulled in , wincing as the tires squealed on the slick pavement . 
 i shut off my headlights and drove up the ramp leading to the upper levels of the garage . 
 my car groaned on the upward slope . 
 i badly needed to get the fuel-injection system flushed , but i did n't have the money for that . 
 i was lucky to even have a car . 
 the government did n't want people wandering about unrestricted , out of fear they might conspire against their betters . 
 keeping citizens off the road and eliminating internet access helped keep everyone isolated . 
 whereas the roads had once teemed with vehicles of all types , as i spiraled up the ramps , i saw maybe three cars in a garage that could hold hundreds . 
 the most i 'd ever seen there was ten . 
 i had until about six in the morning before the cameras went live and started taking down plate numbers again . 
 ralph 's friends -- the `` haters , '' as max called them -- had rigged everything months ago . 
 i 'd helped them program old tablets and smartphones that would hack road sensors to give them access to certain places in the city at night -- places like the parking garage . 
 max thought i was working on a machine that would locate those old devices through the power grid , when in fact , i used those same devices to fight against him and the government he represented . 
 if they caught me , i would be a dead man . 
 i parked , exited the car , and took a quick look around to make sure i was alone . 
 when i was satisfied , i climbed into the back seat and lay down with my tablet . 
 i put on a concert i 'd recorded . 
 she was n't the most brilliant vocalist , but to me , her voice was a slice of heaven . 
 it was bizarre to think that a few days ago none of her songs had even existed . 
 i 'd have to tell ralph 's friends about the machine eventually , but not yet . 
 i had to be sure she was safe . 
 i set the alarm on my tablet , put the show on auto-play , and closed my eyes , listening to her sing `` still falling . '' 
 i imagined she sang to me , telling me she was falling for me . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ i awoke the next morning to her voice . 
 when `` lost in you '' finished , i got out and hopped into the driver 's seat . 
 i had half an hour to get out of the garage before the cameras came on line . 
 i drove around the ramps , heading for the exit . 
 the sun shone through the open sections of the garage , creating long shadows . 
 at the exit , my tablet automatically activated the gate . 
 the streetlights had just started to turn off in the early morning hours . 
 the police would n't catch my car , thanks to my tablet sending the okay signal to every road sensor in sight , but i could n't leave the city without a pass . 
 if something happened , i 'd need ralph 's friends to get me out . 
 god knew i had helped them enough in the past . 
 they owed me that much . 
 it was way too early to panic . 
 if i disappeared , max would know something was up and hunt me down . 
 i drove through the empty streets and between the dilapidated buildings . 
 not too long ago , downtown would have been teeming with traffic at that time of morning . 
 thanks to the fact that travel had been severely restricted , i had all the lanes to myself as i went toward the office at the old tabor center . 
 if i 'd called it that aloud , hr would be all over me . 
 the proper name was enrichment center . 
 i turned onto seventeenth avenue . 
 four police cars lined the street , most parked in that haphazard way police vehicles do when the emergency requires them to block traffic . 
 a few cops milled about , but i turned off before they got a good look at me . 
 i continued up a few blocks , circled around , and parked in front of an abandoned 7-eleven . 
 i scanned the area before popping the hood and going around to the front to pry off the distributor cap -- a cheap and simple theft deterrent . 
 i walked a few blocks northwest , past buildings that had at one time been teeming with people . 
 broken glass from fallen windows littered the sidewalk , and graffiti covered nearly every available surface . 
 downtown was n't the safest of neighborhoods , but i hoped it was early enough that any residents of the dilapidated buildings would leave me alone . 
 i cut over after a few blocks and headed south until i was near the west entrance of the enrichment center . 
 the best place to enter was where the old cheesecake factory used to be , assuming my card still had access . 
 i rounded the corner and saw ralph standing by the outer door . 
 he must have pulled a double shift . 
 when he saw me , his shoulders slumped . 
 he glanced around quickly then gestured for me to approach . 
 i darted across the street . 
 ralph took a quick look around as i stepped into the small alcove . 
 `` christ , what the hell happened last night ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 you tell me . '' 
 `` max came back last night around ten . 
 he had three of his goons with him . '' 
 `` they went to the lab ? '' 
 ralph nodded . 
 `` and they were all armed . '' 
 only trusted federal agents carried firearms . 
 cops just carried pepper spray and stun guns . 
 `` are they still there ? '' 
 `` no , but , uh ... '' ralph showed me his tablet . 
 on the screen was a text message from max . 
 our friend eric lost his wallet . 
 do n't embarrass him . 
 `` embarrass me ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 max set up his own codes for emails . '' 
 i nodded , glancing over my shoulder . 
 `` just like we do . '' 
 `` right . 
 this means max wants you found and brought in but not through usual channels . 
 it 's hush-hush . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` it 's not like max to break protocol . '' 
 `` he did it before with that redhead , rhonda . '' 
 ralph gritted his teeth . 
 `` that one he did n't even tell me about . 
 his people came by and took her one morning after she parked her car . '' 
 i had n't seen it happen , but i remembered everyone asking where she was . 
 after a day , people assumed the worst . 
 `` did they try to nab me at home ? '' 
 `` not sure , but i would n't be surprised . '' 
 he gestured at the building , pointing up toward the lab . 
 `` how close are you ? '' 
 `` closer than max realizes . '' 
 `` well , he knows something . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i have to get in there . '' 
 `` your access was revoked , but i fixed it . '' 
 he flashed his tablet at me again , showing my clearance as green . 
 `` my security people do n't know you 're wanted . 
 but if you run into any of max 's goons , it 's over , so you better hurry . '' 
 `` they 'll probably pick me up when i get inside . '' 
 `` not likely . 
 they grabbed rhonda outside because they did n't want to make a scene . '' 
 ralph waved his tablet . 
 `` besides , i can tell him you never showed up , so he 'll keep looking out here . '' 
 `` he still trusts you ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` guess he ai n't so smart . 
 but he 'll find out eventually . '' 
 i put a hand on ralph 's shoulder . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` you bet . '' 
 he ran his card over the door and let me in . 
 `` but you know , i think our days here are numbered . '' 
 he gave me a quick nod for luck , and i went inside . 
 the door shut behind me with a loud click . 
 people passed me in the hall without a second glance . 
 whatever max wanted with me , he really was keeping things under his hat . 
 my shoes clacked on the tile floor , the sound echoing off the walls . 
 if max thought i 'd flat-out lied to him , he would have come down on me like a hammer . 
 keeping it quiet meant he was up to something nefarious . 
 like with rhonda . 
 max would have made a big deal out of it if she were simply heading for re-education due to dissidence . 
 the poor girl . 
 re-education might 've been a better deal . 
 but what did he want with me ? 
 at the lab , i ran my security card through the reader . 
 after about three tense seconds , the green light flashed , and the door slid open . 
 i stepped in , and the door hissed shut behind me . 
 no one was there , and nothing seemed out of place . 
 i sat at my desk and pulled out my keyboard . 
 i had to get away , but first , i needed to destroy the machine . 
 no way was i going to leave a prize like that in max 's hands . 
 at the same time , i could n't destroy it without being sure anna was safe . 
 that mattered more than anything else . 
 i entered my id . 
 an icon spun on the screen , indicating it was verifying my password . 
 when nothing happened after a few seconds , i wondered if ralph had failed . 
 i did n't realize i was holding my breath until the login screen faded . 
 i glanced at the monitor showing the hall outside the lab . 
 no one approached . 
 i cranked up the machine . 
 the scanner came on line , and i pulled up anna 's last known position then scanned forward to the day after the concert . 
 she 'd likely be leaving the hotel at that point . 
 as soon as i brought the view into focus , i saw the duality . 
 my shoulders slumped . 
 something had changed and made her future uncertain . 
 i rolled the view back further , trying to find the point just before the duality . 
 she was in the middle of `` still falling '' when the duality started . 
 two timelines appeared at that point . 
 the first one showed her finishing the show and heading for her hotel . 
 in the second , she stood at her microphone , singing while playing the opening to `` still falling '' on her guitar . 
 one by one , the other members of her band joined in . 
 she did n't have time to react when the lighting rig fell . 
 the mass of metal and glass landed on her head , bending it back and snapping her neck . 
 her back contorted as the entire assembly of lights crushed her form into something nearly unrecognizable . 
 i felt the blood leave my face . 
 she was gone , just like that . 
 i closed my eyes , but i could still see the massive lighting rig crush the life out of her . 
 no ! 
 no , damn it ! 
 it could n't be . 
 but it was , and her young life had ended like that . 
 but only in one timeline . 
 i opened my eyes . 
 her broken body still lay on stage , one arm protruding from under the mangled pile of metal . 
 i rolled the recording back , watching the horrifying event in reverse . 
 i focused the view on the lighting rig as it rose into the air and left an intact anna singing on the stage . 
 it sat in the rafters above the stage , unmoving . 
 and then , the image distorted . 
 it was all i could do to keep from smashing the keyboard . 
 anna had died -- again ! 
 -- and i could n't see what happened because the machine chose that moment to have a short circuit . 
 on top of that , max could return at any moment . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 for her sake , i needed to think it through . 
 i rolled farther back , and after several minutes , the distortion disappeared . 
 i circled the view all around the lighting rig . 
 everything seemed to be in place . 
 i scrolled forward , and the distortion appeared again . 
 the warping did n't look like a bad video recording or a television set to a non-existent channel . 
 the very air seemed to shimmer , as if reality itself had malfunctioned . 
 i toggled forward and backward . 
 the distortion existed for about five minutes during the concert and ended thirty seconds before the lighting rig crashed . 
 i did n't see the blurring on the stage or in the audience during the same time period . 
 the distortion appeared only on the lighting rig itself , specifically on a nearby catwalk . 
 the video looked like a science fiction movie with a bizarre visual effect . 
 but it was no movie . 
 i was watching the past as it had happened . 
 either reality itself had been distorted , or something prevented the machine 's viewing apparatus from seeing what went on in that spot during that particular time period . 
 i leaned back in my chair and gave it some thought . 
 a theory formed in my mind . 
 i rolled the viewer back to the time when i had pointed the gun at the junkie . 
 i saw the junkie open the door to his apartment , and then the screen blurred . 
 the strange warping of reality continued during the time i knew i had pointed the gun at the junkie . 
 i rolled back farther , focusing on the outside of the apartment building . 
 everything looked fine for a few minutes , then static appeared outside the apartment door . 
 the distortion moved down the outside stairwell , around back , and into the alley . 
 it stopped within the shadow of the building then disappeared . 
 then it hit me . 
 the viewer could n't show a place where someone from my time had been . 
 the problem must have been with the amount of power involved . 
 the machine 's viewer did n't need as big of a tunnel and so used less electricity . 
 the energy required to send me back was enormous in comparison , so it overpowered the viewer , like trying to see a light bulb in the middle of the sun . 
 my blood went cold . 
 i 'd never actually gone to her concert , not in the machine . 
 that meant someone else had gone , someone from my timeline . 
 only a few people knew about the lab , but they all thought i was working on spying equipment . 
 ralph would n't do something like that , even if he knew what the machine really did . 
 i doubted his friends in the underground would try it , either . 
 my heart raced . 
 max . 
 somehow , max knew what i had created , and he had used my machine to kill anna . 
 but why ? 
 and what else had he done ? 
 i 'd killed most of the logging the day before so no one could see what i was doing . 
 not that the gibberish in the logs would 've made sense to anyone who was n't an engineer , but i had to be careful . 
 however , i always kept certain logs intact , like the one that tracked power output . 
 i opened the log directory and clicked the power usage icon . 
 a graph of readings appeared on the screen . 
 i saw my power spikes from the past couple of days , but there were also five power spikes from the previous night , the time i 'd spent in the parking garage . 
 someone had used my machine five times ! 
 i did n't feel different , but then i would n't know if things had changed . 
 i would remember things having always been the way they were , even though they may have been different the day before . 
 i stared at my monitor . 
 two possible timelines currently existed , one where anna lived and one where she died . 
 i 'd seen that in the past couple of days when i saved her on three occasions . 
 it was as if time had not yet decided what should happen . 
 when i had gone back and changed things , the duality disappeared . 
 that meant she still had a chance . 
 i focused the exit point on the catwalk near the lighting rig . 
 if someone had been there , it was either max or one of his goons . 
 my bet was on an underling . 
 max would n't have wanted to risk putting himself in danger . 
 no matter . 
 i still had to try . 
 i fished through leftover parts from constructing the machine and pulled out a length of pipe made for shielding against high electrical current . 
 more importantly , it was heavy . 
 i did a once-over on the machine . 
 my invention had seen better days , but it worked well enough for what i needed . 
 i programmed the trip for ten minutes and activated the machine . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ the music assaulted my ears as soon as i materialized . 
 a massive television screen hung over the stage . 
 anna 's face filled the screen as she sang . 
 below the catwalk , she pranced about the stage , singing `` run with me . '' 
 a man in a long coat stood on the catwalk with his back to me . 
 he appeared oblivious to my presence . 
 he focused his attention on her , his hand resting on the lighting rig . 
 she had moved to the edge of the stage to bend and touch the hands of her fans . 
 if the rig fell right then , it would n't hurt anyone . 
 he was waiting for the best moment . 
 i clenched the heavy pipe as i crept toward him . 
 she was nearing the end of the song . 
 i was almost on top of him when he spun around . 
 he reached into his coat , and i thought , `` gun ! '' 
 i brought the heavy pipe down on his head . 
 he collapsed . 
 i stood over him , my hands still tingling from the impact of the metal against his skull . 
 i did n't know how bad he was hurt , but he would tell max he had seen me . 
 i raised the pipe . 
 dead , he could tell no one . 
 but i lowered it again . 
 i was n't a killer like him , like max . 
 anna was safe , and that was all that mattered . 
 his body shifted . 
 i lifted the pipe again . 
 but he did n't sit up . 
 first an arm flopped over the edge , and then the rest of him began to slide slowly off the catwalk . 
 i dropped the pipe and grabbed his coat . 
 the fabric tore , and the coat threatened to come open and dump him onto the stage . 
 i took hold of his wrist and pulled , struggling to keep him from going the rest of the way over . 
 as his legs dangled off the catwalk , i planted my heels and tugged at him . 
 i thought i felt something pop , maybe his shoulder coming out of its socket . 
 i kept pulling , and finally , i managed to pull him back on to the catwalk . 
 i grabbed one of his ankles and pulled his feet to the side , making sure he would n't slip off the edge again . 
 i collapsed just as the song ended . 
 i sat there , trying to catch my breath , as the crowd roared . 
 anna 's face filled the giant tv screen as she spoke to the audience . 
 i checked the man . 
 he seemed to be breathing , but i was n't sure . 
 i carefully rolled him onto his back . 
 the lights pointed at the stage , but i could still make out his face . 
 my throat went dry . 
 his ear carried the scars of severe burns . 
 i knew him . 
 he was one of max 's goons , the one who had taken rhonda away . 
 fear mixed with anger . 
 max had sent him back to kill anna . 
 why max wanted her dead i had no idea . 
 a part of me wanted to let the man with the burned ear , the man who took rhonda and tried to kill anna , fall to his death . 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw something metal glint in the stage lights -- a large pair of bolt cutters . 
 he must have been holding it when i clocked him . 
 i picked up the tool and stood . 
 they looked large enough to cut the cables that held the lighting rig in place . 
 below , anna stood in front of the microphone with her guitar . 
 she would stay there for the entire song , which would 've given max 's goon enough time to cut every cable and let the rig crush her . 
 i felt a draft , as if someone had run past me . 
 at my feet , the body , along with the pipe , was gone . 
 i stood alone on the catwalk , holding the bolt cutters . 
 i leaned over the rail and watched anna perform . 
 she started singing `` still falling . '' 
 i wished i knew whom she spoke of in her lyrics , what man she had fallen for . 
 the machine pulled me back just as the song ended . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ my ears were still ringing when i reappeared in the lab . 
 no one was waiting for my return . 
 smoke had filled the room as the machine worked overtime to crank out the power necessary to send me on my trip to the past . 
 the ventilation system struggled to clear the room . 
 for some reason , the fire alarm did n't sound . 
 i tossed the bolt cutters aside and looked over the machine . 
 insulation on wires had melted , and fuses had burned out altogether . 
 i took several minutes to replace the fuses , and i even managed to wrap electrical tape around the melting insulation on the wires . 
 it would work , but not for long . 
 what i needed was to tear the thing apart and rebuild it , but i did n't have the time or the parts to do that . 
 the air had finally cleared . 
 i looked up at the smoke alarm . 
 the light blinked , indicating it was active , but the alarm never sounded . 
 i went to my desk . 
 the camera showed the hall was still clear . 
 i pulled up my keyboard and brought up the machine 's viewer . 
 i scanned where i had just been . 
 the distortion was still there , but the duality had disappeared . 
 all i saw was anna performing to the end of the show . 
 i took a deep breath . 
 she was safe , for the moment . 
 i shook my head as i looked at her image on the machine 's viewer . 
 why kill her ? 
 it made no sense . 
 she wrote beautiful songs and made people happy . 
 how could that matter at all to someone like max ? 
 my phone rang . 
 i automatically reached for it then remembered that i was n't supposed to be there . 
 the caller id display read `` security office . '' 
 it might 've been max , but it was probably ralph . 
 i chanced it and picked up the receiver . 
 `` lab . '' 
 `` hey , doc , you expecting a package ? '' 
 i clenched the phone tighter . 
 `` yeah , ralph , i 'll be right down . '' 
 `` bring a pen . 
 you got to sign for it , and mine 's dead . '' 
 i hung up after he did . 
 our code was basic , but it worked . 
 he wanted to meet , and telling me to bring a pen meant he wanted to meet outside the break room . 
 ralph had found a gap between camera ranges in the hall , where we could talk without anyone spying . 
 i locked down the computer and left the lab , hoping i did n't run into any of max 's men . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ i kept on the lookout as i tried to walk nonchalantly , but i only saw a couple of building security guys . 
 each gave me a nod as i passed . 
 i trusted ralph , but walking around the facility knowing max was after me was nerve wracking . 
 when i reached the break room , ralph nodded me over . 
 a man carrying a stack of file folders walked past but did n't give us any notice . 
 i did n't speak until he was out of sight . 
 `` i take it you dealt with the smoke alarm ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` it lit up on the board , and i figured it was you , so i shut it off right away . 
 i investigated it personally and reported it as a malfunction . '' 
 `` i owe you , '' i said . 
 `` but you know if max sees me out here i 'm in a lot of trouble . '' 
 `` he 's not even here . '' 
 ralph let out a frustrated sigh . 
 `` he found the garage . 
 he and his people are there now . '' 
 `` just great . '' 
 i did n't think there was anything there that would give away any of ralph 's friends , but it still meant i could n't stay much longer . 
 `` doc , '' ralph said , `` something 's wrong . '' 
 `` no kidding . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . '' 
 ralph gestured at the air , as if figuring out the best way to explain it . 
 `` max went in last night with three guys . 
 he only came out with one who had a bandage on his head . 
 i double checked all security tapes and confirmed it . 
 two guys never checked out of the building . 
 also , the guy who was left carried something heavy wrapped in a blanket . 
 it looked like ... '' `` like what ? '' 
 he worked his mouth for a minute , as if he did n't want to say it . 
 `` it looked like a body . '' 
 my mind raced . 
 so the guy i pounded on the catwalk had lived . 
 at least , i assumed his bandaged head was because of me . 
 three guys and max had been in the lab and used my machine , but the log showed five power spikes . 
 who else had gone back ? 
 and what had happened to the other two guys with max ? 
 maybe one of them was dead , as ralph suggested , but if so , that meant one was still unaccounted for . 
 he had to be in the past somewhere . 
 and who had killed one of them ? 
 i wanted to ask ralph for details , but i could n't tell him about the machine , not yet . 
 he 'd want to use the machine , and if he could n't , he 'd destroy it . 
 i 'd do that myself , but i had to be sure anna was safe first . 
 `` so where 'd they go ? '' 
 i asked . 
 ralph shrugged . 
 `` usually when max 's guys go off the grid , it 's because they 're up to something bad . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` look , i do n't know how long i can keep them out . 
 you need to finish what you 're doing and get out before max catches you . '' 
 `` i will , '' i said . 
 `` it should n't be long now . '' 
 `` good . 
 watch your back . '' 
 i nodded , turning to head back to the lab . 
 `` always . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ i managed to get back into the lab without incident . 
 after i locked the door , i pried open the locking mechanism and attached my tablet . 
 i hacked it , making sure that only my access code would work . 
 i sat down at my computer and scanned the time period after the concert . 
 i had to figure out the other four power spikes , who had caused them and why . 
 then i could destroy the machine . 
 the next duality occurred the morning after the concert . 
 an suv drove out of the hyatt regency hotel garage , turned onto california street , and headed south . 
 the distortion started at that point . 
 i fast-forwarded until the blur disappeared , and i saw the two timelines . 
 the first one showed an ambulance . 
 the old light rail train sat motionless on the track , partially blocking the intersection near the old hyatt hotel . 
 debris littered the road and sidewalk . 
 paramedics wheeled a stretcher toward the contemporary restaurant attached to the hotel . 
 the suv rested on its roof inside the restaurant , having rolled through the front plate-glass window . 
 the light rail had crushed one side of the vehicle . 
 a woman 's hand protruded from under the suv . 
 i ran my hand over my mouth . 
 i was so tired of watching her die , but i had to know what happened . 
 i focused on the other half of the duality . 
 anna raced down the street in an old-model honda civic . 
 her eyes bulged as she drove erratically , cutting across lanes . 
 she glanced up at the mirror , then her car jolted to the side of the road . 
 she turned her head to see what happened , and the distortion appeared . 
 i fast-forwarded several minutes and saw a police car parked in the road next to the honda civic . 
 anna was n't there , at least not in the immediate vicinity . 
 two possible futures lay before me . 
 in one , she died when her suv rolled through a glass window . 
 in the other ... i was n't sure . 
 she was in a car accident , and then she was just gone . 
 i could probably find her , but it would take hours . 
 i had located her before because i knew she stayed in that particular hotel . 
 but i had no clue where she was scheduled to stay after that . 
 i leaned back in my chair and looked at the machine . 
 i had completed what repairs i could , but without a full overhaul , the thing was on its last legs . 
 i could n't make many more trips back , and i had four more power spikes to investigate before the machine short-circuited completely . 
 the smart thing to do was get out while max was away . 
 the longer i stayed , the greater the chance i would get myself and ralph in a lot of trouble . 
 how many times could i save her with a broken machine i could never repair before max got his hands on me ? 
 she wrote songs that moved people to tears , but if max got his wish , she 'd be dead , though i had no idea why he would wish that on her . 
 but i could n't stop . 
 i had to keep trying to save her for as long as the machine worked . 
 i did n't want a world without her in it . 
 i scanned the area of the light rail accident before the distortion began , and i put together a plan . 
 i set the destination and timer on the machine . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ i materialized in an alley . 
 if i had timed my arrival correctly , i had about ten minutes before anna left the hotel . 
 i picked up a brick sitting in the alley and stepped out into the street . 
 while downtown traffic was heavy most of the time in that time period , sunday mornings almost always had light traffic . 
 that worked in my favor . 
 i walked across the street toward the parking lot near the seafood restaurant . 
 the only car present was a honda civic , identical to the one anna drove in the duality . 
 i shattered the window of the honda with the brick and unlocked the door . 
 hotwiring it took a little more than a couple of minutes . 
 i checked my watch . 
 i did n't have much time . 
 i hit the gas and spun the tiny car around . 
 the tires squealed as i pulled out of the parking lot . 
 the intersection where anna would die lay just a block south . 
 the light rail crossed california street at fourteenth avenue . 
 where the tracks turned onto california was the place the accident would happen . 
 in the duality , the train slammed into the side of anna 's suv at that exact point . 
 the street was one way going south , which meant i had to make sure i blocked both lanes . 
 just before the intersection , i turned the wheel and stopped the car sideways , blocking as much of the two-lane street as possible . 
 with luck , anna 's driver would take another route . 
 i jumped out of the car , ran for a set of umbrella-covered tables that decorated the outdoor eating area of the hotel restaurant , and sat in one of the chairs . 
 if the first timeline of the duality came to pass , i 'd be right in the path of the flying suv . 
 it probably was n't the best place , but i did n't need to wait for very long . 
 the suv spun around the corner . 
 i held my breath . 
 the driver might reverse into the parking lot and turn around , or he could simply wait a few minutes , which i hoped was enough . 
 he did neither . 
 he just kept driving . 
 a loud electronic bell caught my attention . 
 the train pulled away from the convention center station and turned onto fourteenth avenue . 
 the driver of the suv took his time . 
 the light changed at california , which meant the light rail had to wait before turning onto california . 
 normally , it would have stopped at the light , but instead , the light rail operator stopped after the first car turned onto fourteenth . 
 it 'd been a while since i had ridden the light rail , but i knew that behavior was wrong . 
 the operator had blocked traffic on the street behind him . 
 normally , he would pull forward to the light , which would line all of the light rail cars along fourteenth avenue , allowing traffic to move unimpeded behind him . 
 i squinted . 
 the operator had pulled far enough ahead for him to see the suv along the street , as if he had been expecting it . 
 the driver of the suv veered into the left lane to avoid the honda . 
 he never slowed . 
 the light rail accelerated , heedless of the red light . 
 the suv had the right of way , but the light rail plowed on . 
 damn it . 
 nothing had changed . 
 i took off at a run , waving my hands . 
 the light rail never slowed , but i knew he would n't bother . 
 i only cared about the suv . 
 the suv 's alarmed driver stared at me through the passenger window . 
 i shouted and pointed at the train . 
 the driver looked at where i pointed as he passed me . 
 through the back window , i saw anna staring at me , her eyes wide . 
 the suv screeched to a stop . 
 the train slammed into the front of the suv . 
 i dove across the sidewalk as the light rail spun the vehicle around until it faced the opposite direction . 
 the suv sat half up on the curb . 
 smoke poured from under the crushed hood . 
 i stood , rubbing my elbows from where i had tumbled , and glanced at the guys in the front seats . 
 they looked bad , but paramedics in that decade were pretty good about showing up quickly . 
 a back door of the suv popped open . 
 a man who must 've been one of anna 's bodyguards stumbled out , looking none the worse for wear . 
 he shook his head , and then he saw me . 
 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 gunfire erupted before i could answer . 
 the back window of the suv exploded into fragments . 
 over the gunshots , i heard anna scream . 
 her bodyguard was good . 
 he spun around , his pistol drawn , but he did n't get the chance to use it . 
 his body jerked several times as three bullets ripped through him . 
 the pistol fell from his grasp . 
 i darted forward to catch the bodyguard as his legs gave out . 
 he mumbled something , but the words did n't make sense . 
 i did n't see any blood , which meant he was wearing a vest . 
 i could n't focus on that right then . 
 anna was still in the vehicle , and there was a man out there with a gun . 
 god , everything was going wrong . 
 footsteps approached from the other side of the derailed train . 
 the light rail operator , still wearing his yellow-and-orange vest , pointed a revolver at the suv while running toward the open door . 
 he had to be one of max 's goons . 
 i dove for the security guard 's pistol , just as a bullet ricocheted off the pavement . 
 i hit my shoulder hard when i landed , but i managed to get the pistol . 
 i aimed at the driver and squeezed the trigger . 
 the shot went wild , but the operator turned and ran , firing another shot over his shoulder that hit the open suv door . 
 he pulled the trigger again while he ran , but it clicked on an empty cylinder . 
 he had used his six shots . 
 i pulled my trigger two more times , both missing completely . 
 the operator ran around the corner at the end of the street and disappeared . 
 the bodyguard 's breathing was raspy . 
 he 'd be okay , but he was n't going anywhere . 
 `` you . '' 
 she lay in the backseat on her stomach , staring up at me with her mouth open . 
 we looked at each other for a few seconds . 
 finally , i asked , `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` how ... how did you get here ? '' 
 i reached for her . 
 `` i have to get you out of here . '' 
 she did n't hesitate , as if trusting me completely . 
 she took my hand and crawled forward . 
 i helped her out of the vehicle then looked down the street for the operator , but he was still nowhere to be seen . 
 i did n't have a lot of time before the machine pulled me back . 
 i had thought i could get the driver of her car to avoid the train altogether , but the whole thing had snowballed . 
 she reached down to the bodyguard lying on the ground , but i pulled her away . 
 `` he 'll be all right . 
 you have to get out of here . '' 
 `` we ca n't just leave him . '' 
 `` they do n't want him , '' i said . 
 `` they want you . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 she pulled at my arm . 
 `` what do they want with me ? '' 
 `` they want you dead . '' 
 she was wobbly as i pulled her around the front of the suv and led her toward the honda . 
 `` can you drive ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 she gestured toward the men in the suv . 
 `` the paramedics will be here soon . '' 
 i did n't know how true that was , but i knew her security would want her to be safe first . 
 that was their job . 
 for me , keeping her alive was a passion . 
 the honda 's engine still hummed , untouched by the whole ordeal . 
 i opened the driver 's door . 
 `` get in . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` get out of the city . '' 
 i looked around again . 
 if the operator came back , i would n't be there to help her . 
 damn it . 
 i should 've given myself more time in case things went wrong . 
 `` you ca n't stay here , '' i told her . 
 `` they ca n't see outside the city . 
 if you leave downtown at the very least , you should be safe . '' 
 `` see me ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` see me from where ? '' 
 i pushed her into the driver seat , but she grabbed hold of my coat . 
 `` anna , please . 
 you have to go . 
 i ca n't stay here much longer . '' 
 `` why ca n't you stay ? 
 and who are you ? 
 how do you know where to find me ? '' 
 it took me a second to comprehend the question . 
 she 'd asked how i knew where to find her , as if i 'd done it often . 
 and then it hit me . 
 of course she would remember me . 
 i had saved her when she was ten and again when she was fifteen . 
 `` i 'll explain later . '' 
 i pried her hand off my coat . 
 `` when you 're out of town , call your people on a landline and have them come and get you . 
 and do n't use a cell phone . 
 i 'll catch up later . '' 
 `` how will you know where i am ? '' 
 i shut the car door once she was inside . 
 `` i 'll know . '' 
 i looked at my watch , then i ran around the side of the light rail to get out of her sight . 
 passengers stumbled around inside , but i did n't care if any of them saw me disappear . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ when i reappeared in the lab , a message was flashing on my monitor . 
 ralph had marked it as low importance , which meant it was very important . 
 hey , doc , is this your lunch in the fridge ? 
 the time stamp was right after i left . 
 ralph 's warning came a little late . 
 the security monitor showed max standing outside the lab door , along with the bandaged-head goon and a handful of security guys . 
 max had his arm in a sling . 
 on the screen , i could see him speaking , but i had the intercom off , so i could n't hear . 
 i switched it back on . 
 `` there a problem , max ? '' 
 his winning smile was gone , replaced with a frown my father might 've given if i 'd come home after hours . 
 `` you know exactly why i 'm here . 
 get out here , now . '' 
 `` i 'm kind of busy right now , boss . '' 
 he took a deep breath , acting as if talking to a petulant child . 
 `` yes , i 'm well aware . '' 
 he pointed at his sling , wincing . 
 `` you 're too busy shooting at me and my boys . 
 and trying to save that silly girl . '' 
 shooting at him ? 
 he must 've seen my reaction on the monitor on the other side of the door . 
 that famous smile reappeared . 
 `` oh , i see . 
 you have n't done everything yet . '' 
 smoke poured from my machine . 
 `` you 're pulling some late hours , max . '' 
 `` and you 're using government property for personal business . '' 
 `` why do you want her dead ? 
 she never did anything wrong . '' 
 `` yes , she did . 
 or would have if i had n't stopped her . '' 
 his smile disappeared again . 
 `` she 'll ruin everything we 've worked for , and you 're helping her . '' 
 i still had three more power spikes to deal with . 
 i carefully brought the viewer on line and scanned forward from where i had last gone . 
 `` you care to explain , boss ? '' 
 `` do n't be coy . '' 
 max reached over and switched off the intercom . 
 his mouth moved as he said something to one of the security people , and the guy turned and ran down the hall . 
 max flipped on the intercom again . 
 `` she needs to die , eric . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i scanned the time period just after anna had driven away in the honda . 
 damn it . 
 the duality had disappeared , but another one replaced it a few minutes after i 'd left the past . 
 `` max , how can some actress turned pop singer ruin things for you ? '' 
 i examined the two halves of the duality . 
 one time line showed her lying in an alley , bleeding from a gunshot wound to the back . 
 the other was nothing but a blur caused by someone going back in the machine . 
 `` if you do n't know , eric , then why save her ? '' 
 again , he smiled that loathsome smile . 
 `` you like her . 
 you stupid boy , you care about her . '' 
 i rolled the viewer back a few minutes before she died . 
 before the duality , the honda crashed , just as i 'd seen in part of the previous duality . 
 another vehicle had knocked hers to the side of the street , followed by the distortion . 
 `` you got a thing for young girls , yourself , '' i said . 
 `` what 'd you do with rhonda anyway ? '' 
 his face flushed . 
 even on the screen , it was obvious that he had to force himself to remain calm . 
 `` we 're not talking about me . 
 we 're talking about that worthless girl you 're pining over . '' 
 `` if she 's worthless , why kill her ? '' 
 `` she does n't know what she 's doing . '' 
 max turned as the security guard returned . 
 the guy carried what looked like a set of jaws of life . 
 max switched off the intercom and shouted something , then flipped it on again . 
 `` her careless words ruined everything . '' 
 `` your perfect little world is that fragile , huh ? '' 
 i locked in on the position inside the alley a minute before anna arrived . 
 one of max 's guys would be there . 
 that was why she was dead on one side of the duality . 
 what i needed was a gun , but i did n't have one . 
 then it occurred to me . 
 i did have a gun , or at least access to one . 
 `` i should have known . '' 
 max crossed his arms and shook his head . 
 `` how long have you been a hater ? '' 
 `` i 'm a hater , huh ? 
 i 'm not trying to kill young girls , in the past or today . '' 
 he clenched his jaw . 
 he knew i meant rhonda . 
 he really must 've had a thing for her , the poor girl . 
 he came very close to losing his temper completely , but he maintained his cool . 
 `` that singer of yours has to go . 
 the hate she spreads will change everything . '' 
 `` you keep saying that , max , but i still do n't get it . '' 
 `` of course you do n't . '' 
 max thrust his finger at the camera . 
 `` i 've worked hard to help create the perfection we have today . 
 people like you spread your vile speech everywhere , and she 's the one who started it all . '' 
 the security guard brought the giant cutter toward the door . 
 two of the other guards helped him . 
 max 's two men did n't even try to help . 
 they stared at the camera while max bleated . 
 `` she has to go , eric . 
 that 's how it works . 
 there 's an order to things today , and she 's going to disrupt it . 
 we ca n't have that , so she has to go . '' 
 `` she 's a good person , max . '' 
 `` she 's naïve . 
 she 's does n't realize how bad she 'll screw up the world . 
 i ca n't reason with a person like that , so i have no choice but to remove her . 
 it 's not personal , eric . 
 if you were smart , you 'd see that . 
 now , you leave me no choice but to remove you as -- '' the fire alarm suddenly went off , drowning out max 's voice . 
 the smoke had cleared , so that meant max had done something to set it off . 
 in a few seconds , it would open the lab door as a safety precaution . 
 i grabbed a screwdriver off my desk and dove for the door . 
 i jammed the tool between the wall and the panel that covered the locking mechanism . 
 using the screwdriver as a lever , i snapped off the piece of metal , reached inside , and yanked at the wires . 
 they sparked , giving me a little shock as the door mechanism short-circuited . 
 that door would n't be opening again . 
 it kept them out , but it also kept me in . 
 the only way i could leave was through the machine , and that would eventually bring me back . 
 on the screen , max shouted at the security guards , pushing at them . 
 i jammed the screwdriver under the smoke alarm and pried it off the wall . 
 it silenced immediately . 
 max frowned at the camera . 
 `` you 're only delaying things , eric . 
 be sensible . 
 knock off this nonsense and help me out . '' 
 `` i 'll go back , max . 
 i can go back and stop you . '' 
 max laughed . 
 `` for how long ? 
 you ca n't take her to the police . 
 i have access to every police record , every report . 
 if there 's a record of it , i 'll find it . 
 i have resources you do n't . 
 once i get through here , i can undo everything you 've done , and you 'll be out of the picture . '' 
 the security guards went to work with the massive cutter . 
 the window in the door was too small for a man , and the thick door was designed , along with the rest of the lab , to protect the rest of the building in case something went wrong . 
 the only way for them to get through was to cut their way in . 
 i guessed i had a couple of hours to save anna . 
 `` it 's over , eric . 
 you ca n't save her more times than i can kill her . '' 
 i ignored him and dug through my toolbox . 
 a dozen handheld wrenches were probably enough , but i grabbed three more to be sure . 
 weight was critical , and i could n't be under by even a gram . 
 max continued to bluster as i changed the coordinates for a different location and set the timer again . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ i materialized next to the dumpster outside the junkie 's apartment building and threw open the lid . 
 the gun lay on top of an old box . 
 i grabbed it and emptied the wrenches from my pocket , hoping their weight was enough to match the mass of the revolver . 
 the last wrench barely hit the ground before i returned . 
 at the lab , max continued to chew me out as if i 'd never left . 
 i ignored him and pulled up my keyboard . 
 the machine ran hot but still functioned . 
 i hoped it 'd work long enough for what i planned . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ the honda raced around the corner a minute after i materialized inside the alley where anna would die . 
 she was swerving all over the road . 
 fortunately , that early on a sunday , she would n't endanger anyone . 
 behind her , a large sedan closed in and hit the left rear fender of the honda . 
 the collision sent her car into a tailspin . 
 the smaller car bounced off the curb , bending the rim until the tire was almost horizontal with the street , then slid to a stop . 
 the sedan screeched to a halt several car lengths past anna . 
 a man casually stepped out of the driver 's side as if nothing mattered . 
 i did n't recognize him , but he was n't the one who had masqueraded as the light rail operator or the man i 'd clocked on the theater catwalk . 
 the goon strode toward anna as she stumbled out of the honda . 
 she did n't see him at first , but when she did , she backed away , shaking her head . 
 he smiled and pulled out a gun . 
 he looked as though he was thoroughly enjoying himself . 
 maybe that was why in the duality he had let her run down the alley before shooting her in the back . 
 i stepped out of the alley just as he approached . 
 his mouth fell open when he saw me pointing the junkie 's gun at him . 
 that instant of hesitation was all i needed . 
 i 'd never killed anyone , but knowing what he would do to anna made it a little easier . 
 i pulled the trigger . 
 the first bullet hit him in the chest , but i squeezed off another round to be sure . 
 the man lay on the sidewalk in a growing pool of red . 
 i wondered what max would think when the goon 's body returned to the future . 
 then i realized max already knew about it . 
 ralph had said he thought he saw them carrying a body . 
 anna stared at the dead man , her lips trembling . 
 i knew the feeling . 
 she 'd probably never seen a dead body , much less a man killed in front of her eyes . 
 `` anna ? '' 
 i went to her and took her hand . 
 she did n't react . 
 `` anna , we have to go now . '' 
 the engine of the sedan was still running . 
 i started to drag her toward the car , but i heard a police siren approaching . 
 even if i could outrun them , there 'd be a record of the chase , leaving a trail for max to follow . 
 giving ourselves up would also create a police record . 
 max could send someone right into her jail cell . 
 one of max 's goons could kill her and be gone in a minute . 
 the only choice was to run , to get away from everyone . 
 i squeezed her hand . 
 `` anna . '' 
 she looked at me . 
 `` how are you doing this ? '' 
 `` doing what ? '' 
 `` you always show up when i need you . 
 how ? '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` anna , i need you to trust me . '' 
 to my surprise , she nodded . 
 we ran down the alley , away from the approaching police . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ `` ca n't we hide here ? '' 
 she pointed at a parking garage . 
 i shook my head as we turned up another alley . 
 `` cameras in there are run by the owner . 
 if they save recordings , then they 'll be stored somewhere . 
 my people can look it up and send someone back . '' 
 `` they have cameras in the streets , too . '' 
 `` those belong to the colorado department of transportation . 
 those feeds are available on the internet , but they do n't actually record them unless they set up something special . 
 at least not yet . '' 
 `` what do you mean not yet ? 
 and how do you know all this ? '' 
 i looked both ways . 
 no one was around , and thus no one was around to recognize her . 
 `` i lived in denver most of my life . '' 
 we hurried across the street and down another alley . 
 trash lined the area , filling my nostrils with the stench . 
 someone had stacked a pile of lumber near a dumpster . 
 `` where 'd you get the gun ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i felt for the revolver in my coat pocket . 
 `` i dropped it in a dumpster . 
 i went back to get it , then came back again to save you . '' 
 `` you went back ? 
 back from where ? '' 
 `` it 's a long story . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she pulled at my arm and turned me around . 
 `` no , i deserve to know . 
 i want to know why you only appear when i 'm in danger . 
 why do you have the same coat and the same shoes after ten years ? '' 
 i did n't know what to tell her . 
 the truth seemed too unbelievable . 
 `` i like these shoes . '' 
 she put her free hand on her hip , looking at me the way my mother used to when i 'd try to lie to her . 
 `` ten years and they look the same , along with your coat . 
 and you have n't aged a -- '' she looked over my shoulder and her eyes widened . 
 before i could turn around , a hand reached under my chin . 
 i lost my footing completely as someone yanked me backward . 
 the breath went out of me as i slammed into the pavement . 
 the light rail operator stood over me , anger written all over him . 
 he reached down and twisted my wrist , forcing me to drop the gun . 
 `` what the hell did you do ? '' 
 he wrapped a hand tightly around my neck . 
 `` i was only supposed to be here an hour . 
 i did n't go back . 
 why is that , smart guy ? 
 did you turn it off so you could come here ? 
 you son of a bitch , you stranded me , did n't you ? '' 
 he squeezed my neck . 
 `` i 'm gon na break you , and then i 'm gon na break your -- '' i heard a thump that sounded like a cantaloupe bouncing off the concrete . 
 i managed to roll to the side before he fell on top of me . 
 he lay on the ground next to me , his eyes rolled up into his head . 
 he still wore the yellow-and-orange reflective vest worn by light rail operators , though i was sure rtd had never hired him . 
 god only knew what he had done to the real operator . 
 anna stood over him holding a two-by-four . 
 `` that actually worked . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 `` good job . '' 
 she tossed the piece of wood back onto the pile of lumber . 
 she looked at the man 's crumpled form and grimaced . 
 `` will he be okay ? '' 
 i had to smile . 
 he had been intent on killing her , but she was still worried she 'd hurt him . 
 `` someone will see him and call the cops . '' 
 i did n't know if that was true , but i had to get her out of there . 
 i stood and grabbed her hand . 
 `` let 's move . '' 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i led her across the street . 
 `` to a place i know . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ no one saw us . 
 thank god for small favors . 
 i retrieved the junkie 's spare apartment key and unlocked the door . 
 the junkie was n't coming home any time soon . 
 she glanced inside the apartment . 
 `` your place ? '' 
 i ran my hand across the back of my neck . 
 `` no , it 's not mine . 
 but the guy who lives here wo n't be back for a while . '' 
 i gestured for her to enter . 
 then i followed her in and shut the door behind us . 
 the place was as much of a pigsty as i remembered . 
 she wrinkled her nose . 
 i removed a stack of magazines from the loveseat . 
 i peeked through the filthy curtains . 
 nothing moved on the street below . 
 `` whoever lives here does n't care about anything , '' she said . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 `` a friend , '' i said . 
 `` he 's , uh , out of town . '' 
 she gave me that motherly look again . 
 i threw up my hands . 
 `` it belongs to a drug addict . 
 he 's in jail right now . '' 
 `` and exactly how do you know this guy ? '' 
 `` i just -- '' `` do n't say you just do . '' 
 she wiped off the cushion of the loveseat with her hand . 
 she sat , clasping her hands and resting them on her knees . 
 i had n't had the chance to get a good look at her earlier . 
 she wore black stockings and high heels . 
 her dress came down about mid-thigh , and she wore a dark coat . 
 she was wearing makeup , even though it was early morning , and she must 've had a late night . 
 she had probably dressed up to meet fans at the airport . 
 she 'd been in two car accidents , but she seemed clear headed . 
 i did n't see any bruising or cuts . 
 she was lucky . 
 hopefully , that luck would hold . 
 she stared at the cigarette-stuffed beer bottles on the couch for a moment . 
 `` you asked me to trust you , and i do . 
 now trust me . 
 where do you come from ? '' 
 i held up my watch . 
 i still had some time . 
 she stared at the three-dimensional display . 
 i think that gave her the final clue . 
 she wrapped her arms around her waist . 
 nothing like my watch existed in her time , and only a few people in mine were allowed to have such technology . 
 i could almost see her putting it together : the watch , the fact that i wore the same clothes year after year . 
 finally , she tore her gaze away from the display and looked up at me . 
 `` so it 's true . 
 you 're a time traveler . '' 
 i nodded . 
 her breathing quickened . 
 `` it explains everything . 
 your clothes , your shoes ... it 's unreal . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 time travel was new to me , too . 
 `` when do you -- '' she started then shook her head . 
 `` how long can you stay ? '' 
 i held up my watch . 
 `` i have about an hour and a half . '' 
 `` and then you go back ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` to where ? '' 
 she tilted her head to the side . 
 `` or should i ask when ? '' 
 i sat on the dirty sofa across from her , resting my elbows on my knees . 
 `` about ten years from now . '' 
 she leaned back and crossed her legs , heedless of whatever grime was on the loveseat . 
 she bit her bottom lip and stared at the floor . 
 `` i nearly drowned in the ocean , but you saved me . 
 you laid me in the sand and stood over me . 
 i remember you asking if i was okay . 
 you left just as my parents arrived . '' 
 `` i did n't want to transition back in front of them . '' 
 `` transition ? '' 
 she asked , but then she nodded . 
 `` no one ever found you . 
 only a few other people saw you . 
 they said you wore a coat and tie . '' 
 she gestured at me . 
 `` like the ones you 're wearing now . 
 it was as if you just disappeared . '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 `` and then you came back . 
 five years later . '' 
 she indicated my clothes again . 
 `` you wore the same suit , the same shirt , and the same shoes as you do now . '' 
 she inhaled sharply . 
 `` your hair was wet , and you smelled like the ocean . '' 
 i only nodded . 
 `` i returned right after i pulled you from the ocean . '' 
 `` it was five years later . '' 
 `` for me , it was five minutes . '' 
 she pressed her hand to her chest . 
 `` you pushed me and tara out of the way . 
 that truck would have crushed us both if it were n't for you . '' 
 she drew in her breath slowly . 
 `` and you disappeared then , too . 
 you went around a corner , and you were gone . 
 and now , you 're here . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i looked at my watch again . 
 `` for a little while , anyway . '' 
 `` tell me . 
 tell me everything . '' 
 i glanced at the window , resisting the urge to look out again . 
 `` it 's a long story . '' 
 `` we appear to have the time . '' 
 she smiled wryly . 
 `` unless you think they 'll find us here . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` if they knew we were here , they would 've been here when we arrived . '' 
 `` why would they be here ? '' 
 her eyes went back and forth for a second , and then she pointed at me . 
 `` because if they knew where we were , they would travel back to this point . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 i gestured at the grungy apartment . 
 `` it 's not the hilton , but you should be safe here for now . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i 've stayed in worse . 
 i could tell you horror stories about my first tour . '' 
 she rested her hands in her lap . 
 `` but i 'd rather hear your story . '' 
 `` i worked for the government . 
 like everyone else does . 
 they acquired me to work on a special project . '' 
 `` acquired ? 
 did you have a choice ? '' 
 `` no . 
 choice is n't really in anyone 's vocabulary in the future . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i waved my hand around . 
 `` everything here is going to change in the next few years . 
 it 'll start slowly then spiral out of control , at least out of the control of everyday people . 
 you ever read 1984 ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` that 's where people in your day are heading . 
 people can speak , but not hateful things . 
 their movements are tracked , their careers decided for them ... you get the idea . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` perfection . 
 no one wants to leave people to their own devices . 
 they might make the wrong decisions . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 think of any tyranny , and that 's what happens . 
 it 's all the same in the end . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around her waist . 
 `` a few rebelled . 
 they went into hiding , using old smartphones to communicate . 
 the government had access to all cell towers , but those can be hacked . 
 my job was to stop that , to stop the haters from talking to each other . '' 
 `` haters ? '' 
 `` people who opposed the perfecting of humanity , '' i said . 
 `` the word is they hate humanity because they refuse to allow people to be perfected . '' 
 `` it sounds horrible . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` there 's a team trying to track the phones accessing the cell towers , but they are n't having much success . 
 they do n't teach computer skills anymore . 
 the government does n't want people knowing things like that . 
 the rebels have no compunction about learning to hack , though , so they 're all one step ahead . 
 so the government brought me in . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` my job was to create a machine to find the rebels , but not through the cell towers . 
 that was too obvious . 
 so i had to build a machine that used the electrical grid to find old smartphones and similar devices . 
 they give off signals when in use . 
 the theory is that the power grid , through outlets in the wall of a home , would detect anything sending out a wireless signal . 
 if someone turned on a phone , the outlets and electrical systems in the surrounding area would be used to track the device in question . 
 then the police would arrest the person using it . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` talk about a lousy idea . 
 i 'm good , but i 'm not that good . 
 still , you do n't tell these people they 're wrong . 
 they ca n't imagine such a thing . 
 so i went along with it , hoping to gain access to any kind of useful information to pass on to the underground . '' 
 `` you were a ... hater ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` that 's what they call us . '' 
 `` so they asked you to build a spy machine , and instead , you built a time machine . '' 
 `` not on purpose . '' 
 i tried to think of how to explain . 
 `` i had to build something to show them for the sake of appearances . 
 i created a series of coils , a good thirty yards of the stuff , that looked a lot like a bowl of spaghetti . 
 it created an electromagnetic field that would theoretically travel through the power grid , but it never did anything like that . 
 i found an interesting side effect , though . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` one day , i walked toward the lab door and nearly got knocked in the head by a hammer . 
 it had come flying out of the lab , but the door was closed . 
 no one nearby could have thrown it . 
 i picked it up and took it into the lab . 
 the hammer was identical to another one i had sitting on my desk . 
 they even had the same scuffmarks . 
 it was as if someone had made a copy of it somehow . 
 i did n't figure out where it came from until the next day . '' 
 i rubbed my hands together , remembering . 
 `` i was working in the lab when i set down a stack of books on what i thought was my desk . 
 i was n't paying attention and missed the desk completely . 
 the books dropped to the floor , but before they did , they caught the edge of a hammer . 
 it flipped over and onto the copper spaghetti ball . 
 the metal hammer hitting the bare electrical coils would 've caused my whole rig to explode . 
 for a split second , i thought i was a dead man . 
 but instead , the hammer just ... disappeared . '' 
 i leaned back . 
 `` poof . 
 no smoke , no electrical fire -- the thing simply vaporized . 
 i looked everywhere for it , but it had n't fallen anywhere . 
 i even shut off the machine and looked inside it to be sure . 
 the only sign that hammer ever existed was the copy that had flown down the hall the day before , the copy that was still sitting on a shelf . '' 
 she looked as excited as i had felt that day . 
 `` it was the same hammer , was n't it ? 
 i nodded . 
 `` the device i created , the core of the machine , produced a field . 
 this field has , well , unusual properties . '' 
 i stood and started pacing . 
 `` i decided that the next day i would do an experiment . 
 i wrote down my name on a piece of paper and laid it on my desk . 
 the plan was to throw it into the machine at ten in the morning the next day . 
 `` i kept the lab door open , and at two minutes after four , i saw a piece of paper flutter to the floor just outside of the lab . 
 my name was on it , in my handwriting . 
 the paper looked identical to the one i had just laid on my desk , with one exception . 
 it had a grease smudge on the corner . '' 
 i took another peek out the window . 
 `` just before ten the next day , i turned on the machine and was ready to toss in the piece of paper . 
 i started to pick it up , but i ended up knocking it to the floor -- right into a pile of grease i had accidentally spilled earlier that morning . 
 it left a smudge , like the one on the paper that had appeared in the hallway the day before . 
 i dropped it over the machine , and it disappeared . 
 and that 's when it started . '' 
 `` your escapades through time ? '' 
 her smile captivated me . 
 every part of her captivated me . 
 `` sort of . 
 i rearranged the coils and directed the field into a corner of my lab . 
 anything there would go back when the machine was activated . 
 i did a test by sending a small object back about a year , and i was able to view it . '' 
 `` view it ? '' 
 `` i have n't been able to study the system fully , but i think it opens an einstein-rosen bridge to a point outside the brane -- that 's a hyper-dimensional membrane upon which our universe theoretically exists . 
 the bridge allows us to leave space-time and re-enter at another point . '' 
 she blinked , giving me a half smile . 
 `` well , anyway , i managed to rig the lab computer to follow the path of a tunnel created by the machine . 
 i could change the size of the tunnel . 
 by making it a pinhole , it used less energy , just enough to let light through . 
 i could view that light through my equipment . 
 it was like a camera i could point to anywhere at any place in time . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` in a way , that 's what your boss wanted , is n't it ? '' 
 `` yeah , i suppose it is . '' 
 i frowned at the thought before continuing . 
 `` even better , i could make the tunnel bigger , big enough for a person to go through . '' 
 i started pacing again , gesturing with my hands . 
 `` it 's like being attached to a tether . 
 after a set amount of time , the machine starts to shut down . 
 as it does , it pulls you back in . '' 
 `` what happens if the machine was turned off early , before you were ... pulled back ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i have n't thought about it . 
 i ... '' i snapped my fingers . 
 `` the guy who attacked us in the alley . 
 he was from my time . 
 he said something about not being able to return . 
 maybe that 's what happened to him . '' 
 `` someone turned off the machine too soon , and now he 's stranded . '' 
 she raised an eyebrow . 
 `` did you ... ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 i did n't strand him , but i have a pretty good idea who did . '' 
 she still seemed calm and relaxed , in spite of the fact she almost died earlier and was sitting there talking to a time traveler . 
 `` so you focused your ... viewer back in time . 
 is that how you saw me drowning ? '' 
 `` well ... '' i looked at her sheepishly . 
 `` i actually just wanted to go to the beach . '' 
 `` the beach ? '' 
 `` yeah , i 'd never been before . 
 so i decided when i tested the machine i 'd hit the sand . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` and that 's when you saw me . '' 
 i stood in the middle of the room , watching her as she watched me . 
 `` i 'd pinpointed a place in space and time . 
 i set the machine to spin down after ten minutes . 
 that 'd give me ten minutes at the beach , and hopefully , no one would walk into the lab and see me gone during that time . '' 
 `` so , when you 're here for ten minutes , you return ten minutes after you left ? '' 
 `` yes , exactly . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i did n't have time to stick around after i pulled you out of the water . '' 
 she uncrossed her legs and pulled them up under her . 
 `` what about the truck ? '' 
 i knitted my fingers together as i spoke . 
 `` when i went back , i wondered what happened to you after the beach . 
 i managed to lock on to you and roll the view forward several years . 
 you were in a wheelchair . '' 
 `` a wheelchair ? '' 
 she ran her hands across her knees . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` you were hit by a truck . 
 it killed your friend instantly , and you were paralyzed from the waist down . '' 
 her eyes welled up . 
 `` tara died ? '' 
 `` it was only a possibility . '' 
 i sat on the arm of the dirty sofa . 
 `` but i changed it . '' 
 `` but you saw that happen through your time machine ? '' 
 `` yeah , sort of . '' 
 i ran my hand over my mouth . 
 `` i saw two timelines . 
 in the one with the accident , you were in the hospital playing guitar and singing to children . 
 i used the viewer to look at your records . 
 from what i could tell , you had your spleen removed due to the accident . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 `` later , you died from an infection . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around her knees , rocking back and forth for a moment in the loveseat . 
 `` but that did n't happen . '' 
 `` no , it did n't . 
 in the other timeline , you stood on a street corner , talking to the police about the whole thing . '' 
 `` so they both happened ? 
 i mean , if it was in the past , your past , how could they both be true ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure exactly . 
 my theory is that they 're merely possibilities . 
 i call them dualities . 
 two possible timelines . 
 it 's as if the universe has n't quite decided what to do . 
 or maybe it was waiting for me to decide . 
 i think those possibilities existed because of the machine . 
 because i can change things , the past is divided in places . 
 if i go back and change things , then only one possibility remains , depending on what i 've done . '' 
 `` why only two ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i mean why not a dozen , or a hundred ? '' 
 i furrowed my brow . 
 that was a very good question . 
 `` maybe i can only see the two most obvious choices due to the limitations of my machine . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` honestly , i do n't know . 
 i 'm not even sure how the machine works exactly . '' 
 i stood and checked the window again . 
 `` the next day , i skipped forward and saw the junkie . '' 
 she gestured at the mess around us . 
 `` the proud owner of this ? '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` right . 
 see , he was desperate to get a fix , so he went for a drive . 
 he crashed right into your suv . '' 
 i sat down on the sofa again . 
 `` the same thing happened as before . 
 you were in a wheelchair . 
 you had your spleen taken out . 
 again , you sang to children in the hospital . 
 and again , you died . '' 
 i ran my fingers through my hair . 
 `` you obviously were in pain , but you still sang to them . 
 when you finished , you hugged each of them . '' 
 i closed my eyes for a moment . 
 `` you put their welfare ahead of your own . '' 
 `` what else could i do ? '' 
 it was such a simple statement . 
 no other possibility existed for her . 
 she released her knees and put her feet on the floor again . 
 she straightened her back and looked directly at me . 
 `` why did you do it ? 
 why did you save me ? 
 i mean , there must be thousands of people more worthy of saving . 
 so why me ? '' 
 i held up my hands . 
 `` would you rather i had n't ? '' 
 `` do n't treat me like that . '' 
 her nostrils flared . 
 `` did you just like my singing that much ? 
 is that why you keep going back and saving my life ? '' 
 she stood up , gesturing at the window . 
 `` and who are these people ? 
 why do they want me dead ? '' 
 `` it 's my boss . 
 he wants you dead . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what have i done ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i only know the guy i work for insists you have to be dead . '' 
 `` and what happens if i live ? '' 
 `` then my world will never be , '' i said . 
 `` the horror of my present , your future , wo n't happen . 
 without you , the world goes to hell . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i ... i have n't done anything . '' 
 `` you will . '' 
 `` but what ? '' 
 she paced frantically . 
 `` i 'm a singer . 
 i write songs and sing them . 
 how could someone like me change the world ? '' 
 you 've changed my world . 
 she wrung her hands . 
 `` you 're part of this resistance . '' 
 `` the haters . '' 
 `` what an ugly name . '' 
 she stopped pacing and wrapped her arms around her body . 
 `` this resistance told you to come back and save me , right ? '' 
 `` they do n't even know the machine exists . '' 
 she opened her mouth to say something , and then closed it again . 
 her eyes darted back and forth for a moment . 
 `` then why are you here ? '' 
 `` you have to live , '' i said . 
 `` whatever you do will change the world , at least that 's what the people trying to kill you think . '' 
 `` you knew this when you saved me from drowning ? 
 when you pushed me and tara out of the way of that truck ? '' 
 i started to respond then stopped . 
 i knew the answer . 
 i just did n't want to say . 
 `` and what about this drug addict ? 
 the one who also nearly killed me . 
 did you know then ? '' 
 i shuffled my feet a little and avoided looking at her . 
 `` i did n't think so . '' 
 she walked over to the couch and sat next to me . 
 i could feel her there , inches away . 
 i did n't dare look at her . 
 i did n't want her to know what i was thinking . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' i said . 
 `` it does to me . '' 
 i felt her eyes on me , but i could only think of excuses . 
 she 's too young for me . 
 she 's a movie star , a pop star , an idol to millions . 
 she has more money and fame than i 'll ever have . 
 she has her choice of men and she 's certainly not going to want anything to do with a thirty-something engineer who lacks even the tiniest creative fiber . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 her voice was barely above a whisper . 
 `` look at me . '' 
 i turned my head . 
 her eyes sparkled . 
 `` every day since i was ten , i 've wondered who you were . 
 i 've only been in your life for a few days , but you 've been a part of mine for over half of my life . '' 
 she took my hand . 
 her smile broadened . 
 `` you 're my guardian angel . '' 
 her song ran through my head . 
 `` i 'm no such thing . '' 
 her lower lip quivered . 
 `` do n't you care ? '' 
 my mouth fell open . 
 `` of course i care . 
 i saved you , did n't i ? '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` what do you mean why ? 
 i only did what i had to . '' 
 `` and why did you have to ? '' 
 she squeezed my hand . 
 `` what am i to you ? '' 
 i stared at her . 
 back in the future , max was drilling through a wall . 
 he could turn off the machine and strand me there with her . 
 part of me hoped he would . 
 `` there 's so much ugliness in my world . 
 there 's no joy , no desire , and no hope . '' 
 i tried to pull my hand from hers , but she held tight . 
 `` for me , your music did n't exist until a few days ago . 
 when i first saw you play guitar at fifteen , i 'd never heard anything so beautiful . 
 i could n't let someone like you die . '' 
 she sat quietly , but i saw the emotions brewing behind her eyes . 
 `` you 'd had surgery a few days before . 
 you were in pain , but you sang to those children anyway . 
 you stayed with them until the doctors insisted you go back to bed . 
 you were in tears as you hugged them . 
 some of them cried , but you soothed them until they calmed down . 
 they mattered more to you than your own health . 
 no one in my world is like that . '' 
 i squeezed her hand . 
 `` no matter how many people they send back , i 'll stop them . 
 if the universe wants you dead , it 'll have to kill me first . '' 
 for a while , we sat there . 
 i did n't want to move . 
 i wanted to stay there with her all day , but i knew i could n't . 
 the irony was that i had a time machine , but i was running out of time . 
 i did n't know whether to laugh or cry . 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 `` we wait , at least for now . '' 
 in truth , i did n't know what to do . 
 `` when i transition back , i 'll return again , giving myself more time . 
 like i said earlier , if they knew we were here , they would already be here . '' 
 `` should n't they already know where i am ? '' 
 she waved her hand through the air . 
 `` if this viewer can see me anywhere , does it matter where i go ? 
 why ca n't they find me if you found me ? '' 
 `` i found you at the beach by chance , '' i said . 
 `` from there , i was able to track you to this time . 
 they knew about the concert and could follow you from there . 
 that 's how they caught you at the light rail tracks . '' 
 `` they knew where i crashed the car . 
 they could have followed me from there . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` the viewer is unable to view places a traveler has visited in the past . 
 i 'm not sure why , but i think the power of the machine sending someone back overwhelms the viewer . 
 i think of it like dropping food coloring into the ocean . 
 the surrounding water overwhelms the colored fluid . 
 the scene gets distorted when you try to view someone in the past , like in the alley . 
 their man was there , so they could n't see what happened . 
 i 'm sure they 're searching the entire city for you , but it 's the old needle-in-a-haystack routine . '' 
 `` but they have all the time they need , do n't they ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i mean , they could spend months searching every house , and they 'd eventually find me . '' 
 she grew more animated as she went on . 
 `` for that matter , why ca n't they send back hundreds of people to deal with me ? 
 they have the entire future open to them . 
 they can send someone back for four hours , and then four hours after that , send back someone else . 
 they could do this for weeks or longer . 
 they could have hundreds of people scouring every part of the city . 
 or even the entire country . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 all good points . 
 people liked to think of her as some silly girl who was as shallow as a puddle of rain in the street , but she had wrapped her brain around the subject quickly . 
 beautiful , smart , and talented . 
 definitely out of my league . 
 `` the machine is breaking down , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't have the parts or the time to fix it . 
 the farther back you travel or search , the more power it requires , but it ca n't use as much power as it used to . 
 distance is a factor , too . 
 apparently , the farther away from the point of the machine you open the tunnel , the more power is required . 
 this applies to both traveling back and to using the viewing system itself . '' 
 `` so that 's why you told me to leave the city earlier . 
 if i 'm out of the city , they ca n't see me . '' 
 `` essentially , yes . 
 currently , the machine 's viewing capabilities are limited to the downtown area . '' 
 i rubbed my chin . 
 `` now it 's best to stay here , since we know they do n't find you here . '' 
 `` because they would 've been waiting for us if they knew . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` so how long until the machine breaks completely ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` maybe a few more trips and it 'll be done for . 
 they 'd be lucky to send back five people . '' 
 i looked at my watch . 
 `` i have enough time to get you out of the city . '' 
 `` and then you 'll leave me . '' 
 her voice cracked on the last word . 
 part of me hoped that was for me and not from fear of being alone . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` the machine will pull me back . '' 
 i wanted to say more , to say i 'd be back as soon as i could . 
 what i needed to do was to track down the cause of the next power spike and then travel to that point , but i did n't want to alarm her by telling her i 'd see her again the next time someone tried to kill her . 
 before i could say anything more , someone pounded on the apartment door . 
 anna let out a shout , standing abruptly as she covered her mouth . 
 i reached for the revolver in my pocket . 
 was it one of max 's goons ? 
 but he would 've simply appeared in the room , and he would 've done so long before . 
 `` vince ! '' 
 the door creaked under the pressure . 
 `` you think you can run from t-ray ? '' 
 `` oh , god , oh , god , '' anna whispered . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 `` open up , goddamn it , you stupid junkie . '' 
 he hammered the door again . 
 i could 've sworn the door gave a little . 
 `` i got my boys here with some chains and a pair of pliers . 
 we gon na work on you unless you got the cash . '' 
 crap . 
 that must be the infamous t-ray the junkie had kept babbling about when i 'd waited out the time with him . 
 i felt for the gun in my pocket . 
 if he was alone , i could probably take him . 
 but even then , someone would call the police when they heard a gunshot . 
 that would mean a record , and max 's goon would appear . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i ignored her for the moment and darted for the window . 
 i pulled the curtain aside . 
 a fire escape lay just beneath the window . 
 `` open the window , '' i said , keeping my voice low . 
 i ran to the bedroom . 
 she hissed after me , `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` finding you a disguise . '' 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ i pried the cover off the steering column of the old mitsubishi and dug for the wires . 
 i wished i had n't tossed the keys into the drain the day before . 
 anna stood next to the passenger-side door , keeping a lookout . 
 we 'd managed to get down the fire escape before t-ray broke into the apartment . 
 we ran around the corner to the junkie 's car down the street . 
 anna tucked a strand of hair inside her hoodie . 
 i had actually found a clean one in the junkie 's apartment . 
 the jacket was much too big , but the hood covered her face well , which was all we needed . 
 `` you can hotwire a car ? '' 
 i peeked at her through the steering wheel . 
 `` just a trick i picked up at engineering school . '' 
 `` that 's a requirement for engineers in the future ? 
 boosting cars ? '' 
 `` no , but it is helpful when you 're part of the underground . '' 
 she nodded , a wry smile crossing her face . 
 i smiled back . 
 i wanted her to feel at ease , as if the plan would work . 
 i was n't so sure it would . 
 the reactor 's log had shown five power spikes . 
 i 'd accounted for the man in the lighting rig -- he was with max in the future -- the light rail operator -- he appeared to be stuck in the past -- and the goon who tried to shoot anna -- his body rested in peace ten years in the future . 
 that still left two more power spikes , two more chances for max to take her life . 
 she looked up and down the street nervously . 
 `` you know , if i 'm supposed to do something that saves the future , and i 'm alive now , then does n't that mean this evil government of yours ca n't exist at all ? '' 
 `` yeah , i thought of that . '' 
 i found the wires and pulled them loose . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 maybe the existence of the machine means there is always the possibility the past can be changed . '' 
 `` oh , god , i hope not . '' 
 she took a quick look up and down the street . 
 `` i 'd be running for the rest of my life . '' 
 `` not if the machine breaks down . 
 then they ca n't use it anymore . '' 
 i touched the wires together , and the car roared to life . 
 i crawled out from under the steering column . 
 `` your chariot awaits . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` cute . '' 
 i ran around to the other side of the car and opened the passenger door for her . 
 she did a little curtsey and climbed into the car . 
 at least she did n't seem terrified anymore . 
 i wished i could 've said the same about me . 
 it 'd been a while since i 'd driven a stick . 
 she put her hand to her mouth , smiling as i ground the gears a few times before getting the car out on the road and headed west toward the highway . 
 i stuck to the ponderously slow speed limit . 
 a traffic ticket would lead them right to us . 
 she spoke after a few blocks . 
 `` if someone reports the stolen car , there 'd be a record of it , right ? '' 
 `` lots of cars get stolen in that neighborhood . 
 they ca n't go back in time to check them all out . 
 at least not before the machine breaks down . '' 
 `` ca n't they fix it ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 'm the only one who knows how . '' 
 `` they 'll try to force you to fix it . '' 
 `` i wo n't do it . 
 they ca n't make me . 
 if they had , there 'd be a lot more of them around . '' 
 `` what will they do to you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i mean after this is all over , after you go back for good ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` re-education , probably . 
 or ... '' `` or ? '' 
 i did n't look at her . 
 she understood as well as i did . 
 i would n't fix the machine , which meant my life was over . 
 `` can you come back ? '' 
 `` not permanently , '' i said . 
 `` the machine would just pull me back again . '' 
 `` unless the machine broke down while you were here . '' 
 i thought about it for a moment then grinned like a kid . 
 of course . 
 i could n't fix the machine in the future if i stranded myself in the past . 
 just like what had happened to the light rail operator . 
 that was the solution . 
 maybe max had already broken into the lab and shut it off , leaving me in the past . 
 but then , what could i do stuck in anna 's time ? 
 `` anna , '' i said , `` i do n't belong here . '' 
 she smirked . 
 `` and i 'm not supposed to be alive . 
 what 's your point ? '' 
 i pulled into the right-hand lane and got on the ramp to the highway . 
 `` what would i do ? '' 
 `` you invented a time machine . 
 i 'm sure you 'll think of something . '' 
 i laughed and shook my head . 
 `` you 're wonderful , you know that ? '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she looked at me out of the corner of her eye . 
 `` but keep telling me anyway . '' 
 on the highway , i headed north . 
 i needed to get into westminster at least . 
 the machine certainly could n't operate that far . 
 i glanced at her . 
 she stared ahead , smiling . 
 to her , everything was fine . 
 to me , it was n't over . 
 i did n't know when it would be over . 
 i 'd have to destroy the machine somehow while i was in the past , and then i would remain there . 
 and then ... what ? 
 what about us ? 
 i imagined us being together , living in a house in the mountains . 
 we could sit together and watch the sunset . 
 we could ... i shook my head . 
 she noticed the movement and turned to look at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes . 
 `` when men say ` nothing , ' it 's always something . '' 
 `` it 's just ... after this is done ... '' she reached for my hand . 
 `` it 's fate . '' 
 `` fate ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 do n't you believe in fate ? '' 
 i shrugged and let an eighteen-wheeler pull in front of me . 
 `` not really . '' 
 `` you should . '' 
 i glanced at her . 
 she squeezed my hand again as she smiled . 
 i checked my watch and frowned . 
 soon , i 'd have to pull over and let her drive before the machine pulled me back . 
 but not yet . 
 i wanted to spend some time with her as she held my hand . 
 we were approaching i-70 when she spoke again . 
 `` do you think we 're clear now ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 i want to get further north . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` when you think we 're safe , i 'll call my people . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i looked over at her . 
 she had a smartphone open in her lap , the display lit . 
 `` i usually keep it off during shows , '' she said . 
 `` i forgot to turn it on earlier . '' 
 my blood went cold . 
 `` throw it out the window . 
 now ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i said no cell phones . 
 cell phone companies keep records . 
 they can track it . '' 
 she stared at the display for a second before the realization hit her . 
 frantically , she rolled down the window . 
 before it was halfway down , she tossed the phone out and onto the highway . 
 it did n't have time to bounce before a red sedan raced up beside us . 
 max sat in the driver 's seat , smiling as he pointed a gun at me . 
 i heard the gunshot as i slammed on the brakes . 
 the glass from the half-open window shattered . 
 anna leaned forward , her seat belt catching her as she was flung toward the dash . 
 another gunshot ripped through the air . 
 the bullet punctured the windshield , creating a spider-web crack through half of it . 
 i yanked the wheel , sending the mitsubishi into the back rear fender of max 's vehicle . 
 the car jolted as it connected with the sedan . 
 max fought his car as it fishtailed , spinning around in front of me . 
 i swung around and passed him on the right . 
 we looked at each other for a brief moment . 
 his classic smile was gone . 
 soon his car was behind me . 
 tires screeched as other cars tried to avoid max 's spinning vehicle . 
 metal crunched as some collided into each other . 
 i pulled over onto the shoulder and brought the car to a stop . 
 my watch indicated my time was almost done , and i had no idea how long max would stay in the past . 
 `` anna , you need to take the wheel , now . '' 
 i glanced up at the rear view mirror . 
 max had recovered from the spinout . 
 one car clipped his rear end , but he kept driving . 
 his rear bumper bounced on the pavement as he accelerated toward us . 
 `` anna , i said ... '' one look told me everything was wrong . 
 a deep crimson had spread across her chest , staining her hoodie . 
 tears ran down her cheeks . 
 she smiled and took my hand in hers . 
 my head shook back and forth . 
 `` no , no ... god , anna . '' 
 she squeezed my hand , not nearly as hard as before , and then her grip relaxed . 
 her head tilted forward . 
 she did n't move . 
 i reached for her chin and lifted it . 
 her head lolled to the side , her eyes looking at nothing at all . 
 i sat staring at her lifeless body , still shaking my head as i held a hand that grew colder . 
 she 'd written songs that moved the world to tears . 
 but she would n't write again . 
 i 'd saved her so many times , but in the end , max had won . 
 `` eric , eric . '' 
 footsteps approached . 
 `` you have a lot of explaining to do . '' 
 max sounded cocky , as always . 
 he 'd just killed a young woman , and he felt nothing . 
 my world had fallen apart . 
 i 'd done so much for her , and it was n't enough . 
 nothing mattered anymore , except that max needed to die . 
 i reached for the gun in my coat . 
 i had my hand on it when i heard another hammer click outside the window . 
 `` turn around , son . 
 slowly . '' 
 i turned my head . 
 max stood there , his revolver aimed at me , a half smile on his face . 
 down the highway , traffic had snarled because of the accident . 
 max had left his car parked in the left lane . 
 i wondered if i could reach for the gun and pull off a shot before he killed me . 
 his smile grew wider . 
 he had me , and he knew it . 
 `` a time machine . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` not what i was looking for , but it 'll do . '' 
 `` bastard . '' 
 `` you need to watch the language , young man . '' 
 he gestured with the gun . 
 `` hands where i can see them . '' 
 i still had my right hand on the gun in my coat pocket . 
 i could get him . 
 he might get me too , but that would be just fine . 
 i nodded and lifted my left hand . 
 `` nice and slow . '' 
 in the distance , sirens blared . 
 he glanced back at the accident . 
 `` so tell me . 
 how long -- '' i brought up my right hand , gripping the gun . 
 i raised the revolver just above the open window . 
 he turned as i pulled the trigger , and his face lit up in surprise . 
 two shots rang out at once . 
 his bullet whizzed past my head and went through the windshield . 
 i hit him in the shoulder , sending him reeling back into the road . 
 i unlatched the door and kicked it open . 
 i staggered out , pointing the gun at max as he writhed in the middle of the highway . 
 i took careful aim and squeezed the trigger again . 
 everything flashed brightly for a brief second , just before the hammer fell . 
 the gun report rang my ears as the bullet entered the far wall of the lab . 
 i collapsed to the floor . 
 i could still see her in front of me , blood staining her clothes . 
 i could still feel her fingers around my hand . 
 she was gone . 
 she 'd trusted me , and i had failed her . 
 i stood and paced the lab . 
 i upended a table , sending tools everywhere . 
 smoke filled the room , but i barely noticed it . 
 max 's voice came over the intercom . 
 `` what 's going on in there ? '' 
 i pushed the intercom button so hard i felt it crack under the pressure of my thumb . 
 `` you bastard ! 
 you goddamn bastard ! '' 
 max smiled at the camera . 
 `` so she 's dead for good now , huh ? '' 
 he laughed as if i had lost a bet on a football game . 
 i moved away from the camera so he could n't see me . 
 i continued pacing , still holding the gun in my hand . 
 `` it had to be this way , eric . '' 
 i heard the sounds of the cutters and drills in the background as he spoke . 
 `` trust me . 
 we 're all better off with her dead . '' 
 i flipped open the cylinder on the gun . 
 i had one bullet left . 
 when max came in , i could shoot him . 
 he deserved it , and by god , i wanted to do it . 
 `` i 'm sorry you liked her , eric . 
 i really am . 
 i even forgive you for shooting me . '' 
 on the security monitor , he pointed at his sling . 
 `` but you can make it up to me . '' 
 smoke poured from the machine , forcing the ventilation system to work overtime as it tried , and failed , to clear the air . 
 i checked the machine diagnostic . 
 the power levels were way below what they used to be . 
 i could n't go back a week , much less ten years to stop max from killing anna . 
 max had won , which meant nothing else mattered . 
 she was gone for good , and the world would be a hellhole forever . 
 i wanted to put my hand through a wall , or better yet a bullet through max . 
 `` seriously , did you think she would care for you ? 
 did you think she 'd spend the rest of her days with you in some cottage surrounded by a picket fence ? 
 that 's a fantasy , eric , a fantasy you were willing to have at the expense of all of civilization . '' 
 i took a deep breath , letting the smoke burn my lungs . 
 i coughed in the thick air . 
 the ventilation system struggled , but it would n't get rid of the smoke . 
 soon , i would n't be able to breathe . 
 `` there are lots of girls in the world , eric . 
 you help me rebuild this machine , and you can have your choice . 
 trust me . 
 i know . '' 
 i thought of rhonda , the young girl who had disappeared , and wondered if he was referring to her . 
 dear god , i wanted him dead so badly . 
 `` we can make things right , eric . 
 we can make a perfect civilization . 
 with your machine , we can change whatever we want . 
 we can finally perfect humanity . '' 
 red lights on my monitor highlighted problems , but the machine still worked . 
 i reached for the viewer . 
 `` this has been the dream , eric . 
 you can share it with me . '' 
 i scanned as far back as i could . 
 the damage was worse than i thought . 
 given the current power availability , i could go back a day , no more . 
 through the viewer , i watched myself working on the core of the machine . 
 i could scan right up until max had visited me the previous night . 
 i watched him leave , and then ralph arrived shortly afterward . 
 when we both left , the distortion appeared . 
 the distortion ... it hit me like a wrecking ball . 
 it was so simple i almost did n't see it . 
 i did n't have to go back to stop max . 
 i could stop every change he made in one swoop , and none of this would have happened . 
 it also meant she would n't remember me , and i might not remember her . 
 but she would live . 
 `` it 's over , eric . '' 
 i reached over and shut off the intercom . 
 i focused the viewer on the lab , just hours ago . 
 the machine could manage that much before it gave up completely . 
 i set the timer for a couple of hours , even though i would n't need that long . 
 i glanced at the door . 
 they 'd be through before long . 
 max still shouted at the camera . 
 i turned my back on him and activated the machine . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ as soon as i materialized , i ducked out of sight just as the door closed . 
 my past self turned back , as if he had seen something but brushed it off as paranoia -- just as i remembered myself doing . 
 once the door closed , i glanced at the security monitor . 
 ralph and my past self walked down the hall , talking . 
 when they rounded the corner , i stood and looked at the machine . 
 it was in much better condition than the one in the future . 
 the table i 'd knocked over earlier -- at least , earlier from my perspective -- remained in an upright position , every tool where it had been before . 
 i could n't have gone back to save anna , not with the machine i had in the future . 
 but the machine i was looking at was newer , fresher . 
 i had less than an hour before max would appear to use the machine himself . 
 i powered it up while formulating a plan . 
 i could appear in the car next to max and force him to run it off the road , but i was n't sure about the repercussions . 
 max had killed anna , which caused me to go back and stop max from killing anna . 
 but if max never killed anna , then i would n't know to go back and stop max from killing her . 
 i was n't sure what that paradox would do to the universe . 
 when the machine reached full power , i activated the viewer . 
 i scanned back to before the concert , before the events that lead to anna 's many deaths . 
 i needed to go back to before max 's changes and warn her . 
 her security would see me as a threat , but she would remember me from her past , from when i had saved her when she was a young girl . 
 i focused on the time of her arrival at the hotel on the night before the concert . 
 that would be the best time . 
 that would be before everything else had happened -- or would happen , depending on where in time i was . 
 i zoomed out , looking down on her entourage as they arrived at the hotel . 
 just before she exited my field of vision , the image distorted . 
 distorted ? 
 i spun the view around , looking for the source . 
 the center was on top of the hotel roof . 
 someone had gone back to that point and stood on the roof . 
 the distortion existed until anna entered the building , then it disappeared . 
 i pushed the viewer aside . 
 i remembered five power spikes from the future , and i 'd accounted for all but one . 
 i checked the logs , but the only power spikes were the times i had gone back . 
 the distortion meant someone had gone back , yet the log showed only three power spikes -- one when i had saved her from drowning , one from when i 'd pushed her out of the way of the car , and the last when i had stopped the junkie . 
 if there was distortion on the roof , there should be a fourth power spike , but there was n't . 
 that meant whoever went back to the time i was viewing had n't gone back yet . 
 i looked at the viewer again , forwarding to the point where the distortion disappeared . 
 when it did , a single person stood on the roof as if in a daze . 
 he wore my coat , my hat , and my tie . 
 in his hand was a gun that looked like the same revolver i had . 
 i watched myself watch the sun set over the rocky mountains . 
 no distortion obstructed my view , as if i belonged there . 
 i felt a chill wash over me , followed by calm . 
 everything became clear . 
 i knew what would happen and what i had to do . 
 but first , i needed help . 
 i pulled up my email and sent a message . 
 i think there 's a rat in here . 
 come quick . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ ralph stormed into the lab , his baton at the ready . 
 when he saw me , he nearly dropped it . 
 `` how the hell 'd you get in here ? 
 i just saw your car pull away . '' 
 i stood calmly . 
 `` ralph , i do n't have time to explain . 
 max is going to be here in less than an hour . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how ... ? '' 
 ralph put his baton away . 
 `` doc , you better clue me in fast . '' 
 `` the machine works . '' 
 he stared at the contraption that filled most of the lab . 
 he thought my comment meant that max could spy on anyone , including our people . 
 if he knew the truth , he 'd be even more horrified , but that 'd take too long to explain . 
 `` ralph , i need you to help me destroy this thing . '' 
 he looked thoughtful then nodded . 
 `` be right back . '' 
 he ran out the door . 
 five minutes later , he returned with a cloth bag full of canned peas . 
 `` hungry ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he did n't acknowledge me as he set the bag down on my desk . 
 he removed the canned peas from the sack . 
 it turned out they were only what was on top . 
 when he emptied the rest of the sack , i whistled . 
 `` where 'd you get c-4 , ralph ? '' 
 `` does n't matter . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow at him . 
 finally , he relented . 
 `` my friends thought it 'd be safer to torch this place than to wait for whatever information you got out of it . '' 
 he put the empty bag on the floor . 
 `` i was going to tell you about it , i swear . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 i was n't the only one keeping secrets , and it did n't matter anyway . 
 `` will that blow up the machine ? '' 
 `` it 'll destroy most of this section . '' 
 ralph started connecting what looked like kitchen timers to the blocks of c-4 . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 i held up my watch . 
 `` max will be here in thirty-five minutes . 
 maybe set it off a little before that . '' 
 ralph nodded . 
 `` i guess it wo n't break my heart if he gets caught in the blast . '' 
 `` i could n't agree more . '' 
 over the next ten minutes , we worked on the bombs . 
 i placed three of them around the coils of the machine and a fourth near the computer that controlled the machine . 
 `` you know , '' ralph said , `` i never thought i 'd say this , but i really miss the time i moved furniture for a living . 
 at least my life was n't in danger . '' 
 `` i hear you . '' 
 i walked toward the door . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 ralph nodded . 
 `` time to go . '' 
 he fell in step behind me . 
 i held up a hand and stopped . 
 `` i just forgot one thing . 
 i 'll be right behind you . '' 
 ralph looked up at me , his face grim . 
 `` this ai n't a suicide mission , doc . '' 
 `` i know that . '' 
 i had the coordinates entered . 
 i just had to activate the machine . 
 `` doc -- '' `` i 'll be all right . '' 
 i looked at ralph , knowing it was the last time i 'd ever see him . 
 `` i 'll meet up with you guys tomorrow , like we planned . '' 
 ralph regarded me for a moment before nodding . 
 he extended his hand . 
 `` see you there . '' 
 `` you too . '' 
 we shook hands , and he left . 
 i watched him run down the hall on the monitor . 
 i knew he 'd hit the fire alarm to get everyone else out of the building . 
 for a hater , he was a pretty good guy . 
 if i was right , then the whole place would never have existed , at least not as a branch of the government . 
 i would never have met ralph or any of his friends . 
 the resistance would n't have existed . 
 it would never have been needed anymore . 
 if i was right , anna would live , but she would n't remember me . 
 i set the controls and gave myself an hour . 
 the bombs would go off long before that . 
 i took one last look around my lab , doing something i had n't done in over a decade -- i prayed . 
 i turned on the machine for the last time . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ the first thing i saw when i materialized on the rooftop was max . 
 his presence startled me , though i should 've known . 
 i had seen myself holding the gun . 
 i must 've had it in my hand for a reason . 
 he stood on the roof edge , cradling a revolver . 
 the sun had begun to sink over the rocky mountains . 
 max cocked his head then spun around . 
 he smiled that winning smile , a smile i would happily never see again . 
 he ignored the gun i pointed at him . 
 `` son , you do n't give up . 
 i respect that . '' 
 `` do n't start , max . 
 just back away from the ledge . '' 
 he shook his head and showed me his own gun , but he did n't point it at me . 
 `` not going to happen . 
 this is too important . '' 
 `` have n't you killed her enough times ? '' 
 `` apparently not . '' 
 he gestured at me with his hand that was in the sling . 
 `` i saw you in the machine . 
 you came back to warn her , did n't you ? '' 
 i clenched my jaw while running my finger along the revolver 's trigger . 
 `` you found her when she turned on her phone , did n't you ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` that machine of yours seems to have a limited range . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 i pulled up the cell phone records . 
 i 'm sure glad the phone companies tracked all that information . 
 i used that to pinpoint her last known location , and you remember the rest . '' 
 i did remember . 
 i wanted to shoot the smug bastard right there . 
 `` after i shot her , i saw two timelines through your machine . 
 i did n't know why . 
 in one , we perfected society , and in the other , we did n't . '' 
 his grin broadened . 
 `` i figured maybe you were trying to stop me by going back in the machine , or rather , you would go back . 
 so i decided to send a man back earlier to set up the light rail accident . 
 after he went back , i sent a second man to chase her down just in case she managed to survive . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` the first one never came back , though . 
 i 'm guessing resetting the machine stranded him . '' 
 i just nodded and let him ramble . 
 `` nice work at the light rail , '' he said . 
 `` and how did you manage to send my other man back with two bullets in him ? 
 he was a professional . '' 
 `` you did n't give me any choice , max . '' 
 `` there 's always a choice . '' 
 max narrowed his eyes at me . 
 `` by the way , you did n't know i shot her later , did you ? 
 you did n't know you were the one who shot me when you first saw this . '' 
 he pointed his wounded shoulder . 
 `` interesting . 
 i shot her then set up the light rail crash . 
 but from your perspective , you saved her from the light rail accident and then saw her get shot . '' 
 he held up his hands . 
 `` whatever . 
 neither plan worked . '' 
 max looked over the ledge , but i knew she would n't arrive just yet . 
 `` to be sure , i sent my last man back to drop the lighting rig at the concert . 
 i could n't watch it happen , though . 
 the damn machine would n't let me . 
 everything was distorted . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` i thought it was a simple plan , but next thing i know , my boy returns with a concussion and a metal pipe in place of the bolt cutters i sent with him . 
 i suppose you could explain that , but it does n't matter now . '' 
 max shook his head . 
 `` a lot of people got hurt on this one , but that 's how it is . 
 omelet , eggs -- you know how it works . '' 
 `` they 're people , max . 
 but you never could understand that , could you ? '' 
 he covered his heart with the hand holding the gun . 
 `` you wound me , sir . 
 i care . 
 we all do . 
 why do you think we want to perfect society ? '' 
 `` killing girls perfects society ? '' 
 `` killing that one does , yes . '' 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 `` you 're a sick man , max . '' 
 `` if trying to save civilization makes me sick , then so be it . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i wanted to go back further and try more changes . 
 but i 'd spent so much time trying to figure out the machine then sending people back , i knew you 'd be in the office soon . 
 i sent people to round you up , but you 'd disappeared . 
 i guess you like taking precautions . '' 
 `` everyone does in our time , max . 
 thanks to people like you . '' 
 he shook his head , making tsk-tsk sounds . 
 `` i should have figured you for a hater . '' 
 his smile lessened , but did n't disappear . 
 `` how 'd you get back into the lab ? 
 i had your clearance revoked . 
 was it your friend ralph ? '' 
 `` like you said , i like taking precautions . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you both do . 
 like when you disabled the cameras in the lab ? '' 
 he wagged his finger at me . 
 `` if you thought those were the only ones , then you 're not as smart as you think you are . '' 
 `` that 's how you found out about the machine , is n't it ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` you gave yourself away . 
 when you watched her concert on the machine 's viewing system , the camera angles were wrong , as if someone set up their own camera to float around the arena . '' 
 he took another quick look at his watch . 
 he was n't about to miss his appointed time . 
 `` i realized you were watching it in real time through that machine of yours . 
 i confronted you about it that night , but you lied to me . '' 
 `` what 'd you expect ? '' 
 `` i expected you to act like a hater , which is what you are . '' 
 he spoke as a father would to a naughty child . 
 `` still , i need you to fix the machine . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` you think i 'd help you , max ? '' 
 `` why would n't you ? '' 
 he held out his hands , still holding the gun in one of them . 
 `` think about it . 
 we have our own time machine . 
 think of what we can do . '' 
 `` kill more innocent girls ? '' 
 max ignored the insult . 
 `` with enough power , we can go back as far as we need . 
 we could influence elections . 
 hell , we could influence the writing of the united states constitution . 
 but first , i 'll make sure that woman of yours stays dead . '' 
 `` you 've got a fixation , max . 
 why her ? 
 she 's just a singer . '' 
 max 's smile finally disappeared . 
 his anger was the only part of him that seemed genuine . 
 `` no , she is n't just a singer . 
 she 'll destroy everything . '' 
 `` you said that already . 
 now tell me how . '' 
 his face turned so red it was visible even in the fading sunlight . 
 `` it 's what she says . 
 she convinces people to oppose us . 
 oh , not on purpose , she was just speaking her mind . 
 but that 's why you ca n't let people say anything they want . 
 they ca n't be trusted to deal with the consequences . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you 're not making sense . '' 
 `` her words , eric . 
 the things she says inspired enough people to prevent the perfection of society . '' 
 he took a step toward me but stopped when i waved the gun at him . 
 `` i saw it in that second timeline . 
 she spoke her mind , and the people listened to her like the sheep they are , and our way of life ended . '' 
 max shook his gun hand , as if swinging at something that was n't there . 
 `` you had to save her , did n't you ? 
 it just had to be her , of all people . 
 now her words threaten everything we worked for . '' 
 `` a young woman speaks her mind , and your golden society falls apart . '' 
 i chuckled . 
 `` if your grand plan falls apart that easily , then it was n't worth much to begin with . '' 
 `` you say that because you do n't care , '' max said . 
 `` that 's why they call you and your kind haters . '' 
 `` we 're not the ones killing people . '' 
 `` no , you were just destroying everything we 've worked for . 
 but those days are gone . 
 you 're stuck . '' 
 i cocked my head to the side . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` the machine was switched off . '' 
 i did n't get it . 
 the machine was off permanently , or it would be soon . 
 but he could n't know that . 
 he laughed . 
 `` i did n't come here from the point we broke into the lab . 
 i just went back earlier in the day to when you met ralph outside the lab . '' 
 it took me a moment to register what he was saying . 
 he had gone back a short way to use the machine at a point where it was still able to send him farther back -- just as i had done . 
 he thought he had me . 
 i forced myself to remain tense , even though i knew i 'd won . 
 i just needed him to babble another few minutes . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i saw where you went to meet that idiot security guard , and i went back to that point in time while you were gone . 
 i then used the machine to come here . 
 when i go back , i 'll be in the lab before you even return from talking to the security guard . '' 
 he thought for a moment . 
 `` of course , i set the timer on the second trip longer than the first , so i may have stranded myself in your lab . 
 no matter . 
 it would only be for a few hours . 
 i can wait around until my other self uses the machine . '' 
 he winked at me . 
 `` genius , eh ? '' 
 i glanced down at my watch . 
 anna would be arriving in minutes , but max would never get to take his shot . 
 `` i agree , '' i said . 
 `` genius . 
 but you 're wrong . 
 you did n't strand me . '' 
 max frowned . 
 `` i reset the machine after we broke into the lab . 
 i had to before i could go back a day . '' 
 he pointed at the roof between his feet . 
 `` you are stuck here , my friend . '' 
 `` oh , i am stuck . 
 i agree . 
 but not by you . '' 
 his frown changed to concern . 
 `` you 're not making sense . '' 
 `` i did n't come directly here , either . 
 `` i went back to the night we talked , to right after i left the lab for the evening . 
 from there , i came here . '' 
 max shook his head . 
 `` so what ? 
 you 'll still return , and i 'll just catch you a little earlier than before . 
 i 'll have a little mystery of two of you , but when i see the machine , i 'll figure it out . '' 
 he smirked . 
 `` and you still ca n't stop me . '' 
 `` i already have . '' 
 i showed him my watch . 
 `` you see , ralph plans to blow up the machine . '' 
 max stared at my watch as the seconds counted down . 
 `` if i 'm right , none of this will happen . 
 you shooting anna , the light rail , the falling lighting rig -- the machine will be destroyed before you ever had the chance to use it . 
 you wo n't be here any longer . '' 
 `` but neither will you . '' 
 he gritted his teeth as he spoke . 
 he 'd even started to sweat . 
 `` if you destroy the machine in the past , then you could n't have used it to go back a day , which means you could n't have gone farther back to this point . 
 you wo n't be here , either . '' 
 i lowered my revolver , and when i did , max pointed his gun at me . 
 i did n't care . 
 he 'd already lost . 
 `` if she lives , '' he said , `` the perfecting wo n't happen . 
 you 'll never have built the machine , which means your changes never happened either . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` a paradox . 
 the machine never exists , which means she dies as a young girl , which means she ca n't stop your perfect little tyranny , which means i build the machine ... and so on . 
 i admit that 's possible . '' 
 i looked at the sun setting over the rockies . 
 `` but you know , max , i 'm going to go on a little faith here and say i 'm fated to save her . '' 
 max sneered . 
 `` arrogance . '' 
 `` you should talk . '' 
 i looked at my watch one last time . 
 two seconds remained until the bombs went off . 
 `` i guess we 'll find out . '' 
 max 's face filled with rage . 
 he took aim and squeezed the trigger , but the hammer never fell . 
 i heard a small whoosh as the air rushed in to fill the space where max had been . 
 he and his gun were gone , as if he had never been there in the first place . 
 i did n't breathe for a full five seconds . 
 when i finally sucked in some air , i realized i was still there . 
 and i still remembered everything . 
 i stood , stunned , holding the gun . 
 i did n't move until i heard the brakes of a car in the parking lot below . 
 i leaned over the edge of the building . 
 men in suits poured out of suvs , and she followed . 
 they escorted her inside the hotel via a back entrance . 
 in seconds , she was gone . 
 i sat down , leaning against the small wall that wrapped around the roof of the hotel . 
 i waited for the seconds to count down to the point where she 'd be safe . 
 i grinned like a lunatic when the timer hit zero . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ i stood on the corner early in the morning where the light rail turned north . 
 i saw my reflection in a store window . 
 i looked disheveled . 
 sleeping in the street would do that . 
 the day before , i had stood in an alley across the street and watched myself enter the junkie 's apartment . 
 i had known that change would remain because i had destroyed the machine after i had gone back to visit the junkie the first time . 
 i thought of pulling the distributor cap off the junkie 's car , just to be sure , but when i saw myself leave at three o’clock , i knew it would n't be necessary . 
 part of me had wanted to run up and tell him what to expect in the coming hours , but he would find out soon enough . 
 i watched the suv come around the corner . 
 one block over , the light rail approached , turning onto the small stretch of fourteenth before curving north onto california . 
 i stood ready to charge into the street to warn the suv 's driver . 
 he might run me over , but that would stop the suv as well . 
 the light rail glided along the rails and stopped at the light at fourteenth . 
 the driver waited patiently as the suv drove through the green light . 
 i saw anna through the tinted windows . 
 if she noticed me , i could n't tell . 
 in seconds , the suv turned and disappeared . 
 the light changed , and the light rail 's bell sounded before it moved forward again . 
 i stood there for another ten minutes . 
 i was hungry and tired , but i smiled the rest of the day . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ one year . 
 that was how long it took to get my life in order . 
 i stole my social security card out of my personal lock box and used it to forge a new id . 
 i also took the money my younger self stored there for emergencies . 
 it was enough to get me started until i set up something more permanent . 
 i could have used my actual social security number , but i did n't want to screw over my younger self . 
 well , i did n't want to screw him more than i already had . 
 my younger self would be livid , but he 'd get over it . 
 it was crazy . 
 was i the one who had robbed myself all along , or was i going to beat the real thief to the punch ? 
 the details do n't matter . 
 suffice it to say my younger self eventually moved on . 
 he would n't return to colorado . 
 in the previous timeline , he had no choice , but i changed that . 
 i hoped he 'd have a good life somewhere . 
 he was me , after all . 
 i managed to get work easily . 
 even in a rotten economy , mechanical engineers can find work . 
 anna was right . 
 if i could build a time machine , i could build anything . 
 i spent the next year settling in . 
 i 'd forgotten what being free was like . 
 on weekends , i 'd drive through the mountains . 
 i ate in restaurants in other cities and stayed out until three in the morning . 
 i did anything that came to mind just because i could . 
 i would have grown to love it except for one thing . 
 i walked into a grocery store and heard anna again for the first time in months . 
 her soft , melodic voice came over the store speakers . 
 everything flooded back , as if it all had happened yesterday . 
 `` guardian angel '' sounded as haunting as ever . 
 i could still see her bloody body , a bullet through her heart . 
 i remembered the lighting rig that had crushed her and her body lying in an alley -- but that was all gone . 
 she was safe . 
 and she did n't even know i existed . 
 i left the store and went back to sit in my car until i was sure the song was over . 
 i wondered if i should 've come back at all . 
 i did n't really need to . 
 destroying the machine would 've erased all of max 's changes whether i was in the past or not . 
 if i had n't gone back , maybe i would n't remember at all . 
 i would 've been changed along with the rest of the future , and that would 've saved me some grief . 
 after a few minutes , i went back inside the store . 
 while standing in the checkout line , i thought about it all . 
 why did i remember ? 
 if the machine never existed , then i should n't remember . 
 and yet i remembered everything . 
 i even remembered max disappearing right in front of me . 
 the only thing that came to me was that the last changes the machine made remained . 
 from my perspective , everything happened linearly . 
 i built the machine , went back , and the machine was destroyed . 
 it was destroyed in my past but in everyone else 's future . 
 the irony was that i changed the past so the machine never existed , which meant i never could 've gone back in time to make those changes . 
 i was a living , breathing paradox . 
 whatever . 
 in the end , she lived . 
 that 's all that mattered . 
 i 'd go on with my life , and she 'd go on with hers . 
 and what a splash she made . 
 max was right . 
 when it began , i only knew some political group had accused anna of treating people unfairly somehow . 
 when they approached her while she was signing autographs , she called them out on it . 
 she accused them of bullying for their cause . 
 she agreed with their cause , but she would n't answer to every fool who insisted she provide evidence that she treated people nicely and fairly . 
 her fury was something to behold , and yet she never lost her grace during the whole episode . 
 the video of it was all over the internet . 
 halfway through , i paused the video . 
 in the background , i saw his face . 
 max stood , furious with not a trace of his legendary smile . 
 i laughed for a good five minutes . 
 max must have seen that in one of the dualities . 
 it was n't just the loss of his perfect society that angered him . 
 she had humiliated him in front of the entire world . 
 i do n't know what happened to max after that . 
 i only know that , because of anna , he and his people never succeeded . 
 ~ ~ ~ ~ i sat in front of the computer , watching the video again . 
 i must 've watched it twenty times . 
 i had to hear her voice again , even if she spoke in anger . 
 i could n't bring myself to watch her interviews or even listen to her music . 
 but i watched that video over and over . 
 after watching it twice more , i closed my laptop . 
 i leaned back in my chair , staring across my living room . 
 one year , and my life was in order , except for her . 
 a chill went through me as i realized she was right in her song . 
 when you start to fall , you ca n't go back . 
 you can only keep falling . 
 i went outside , hoping the cool air would clear my head . 
 living in evergreen , colorado , meant a long commute , but the mountain air made it worthwhile . 
 two of the three houses on the street remained in a foreclosed state . 
 being alone bothered me a little at first , but i knew a new neighbor was moving into one of the foreclosed properties . 
 the moving truck rumbled up the steep road . 
 it lumbered past and stopped in front of the house across the street . 
 three guys poured out and started unloading . 
 i smiled when one of them wrestled a dresser down the truck ramp . 
 i did n't have to look at his nametag to know his name was ralph . 
 behind them , a gray suv pulled up and parked in the street . 
 the driver stepped out . 
 someone could 've pushed me over with a feather . 
 anna watched the movers as they unloaded the truck . 
 one of them handed her his phone , and they posed for a picture together . 
 i smiled . 
 she 'd just finished a long and rough tour , but she still indulged people who wanted a picture . 
 she turned around , spotted me , and waved . 
 i waved back . 
 she started walking across the street . 
 i could hardly move . 
 in jeans , a hoodie , and only a little makeup , she was as beautiful as ever as she strode up my driveway . 
 halfway to me , she stopped . 
 her jaw dropped open . 
 `` you ! '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 i thought that was my line . 
 `` oh , my god . '' 
 slowly , she walked toward me . 
 `` do n't you remember ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` ten years ago . '' 
 tears sparkled in her eyes . 
 `` you saved me . '' 
 i should 've known . 
 of course she would remember the man who saved her life . 
 that happened before i destroyed the machine . 
 how could i have forgotten that ? 
 i played along . 
 `` that was you ? '' 
 `` and then you did it again five years later . 
 that truck . 
 it was you then , too , was n't it ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` just chance , i guess . '' 
 `` both times you saved me , you wore the same clothes . 
 your hair was wet when you pushed me out of the way of the truck . 
 what ... ? '' 
 she stopped , clasping her hands in front of her . 
 we both just looked at each other for a moment . 
 then she came the rest of the way and hugged me so hard my ribs hurt . 
 it felt wonderful . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she released me and took my hand . 
 `` i owe you . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i squeezed her hand , just as she had squeezed mine in a timeline only i could remember . 
 `` i 'm just glad i was there . '' 
 she watched me for a moment , grinning as if i were the best thing that had ever happened to her . 
 `` this is incredible . '' 
 she still held my hand as she gestured at the house behind her . 
 `` this is all temporary . 
 i wanted to get away from it all for a while . 
 i did a show in denver last year , and i loved the mountains . '' 
 `` i remember . '' 
 she laughed again . 
 `` you were there ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 was i ever . 
 she released my hand , keeping her eyes on me . 
 `` it has to be fate . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` maybe ? '' 
 she put her hands to her mouth for a minute . 
 `` what else could it be ? 
 do n't you believe in fate ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do now . '' 
 craig allen was born in houston , texas but has lived most of his life in denver , colorado . 
 after graduating college , he spent six years working in news radio before getting into the software development industry . 
 he has always been an avid reader.he has been an avid reader all his life . 
 follow the author on facebook and twitter . 
 also by craig allen : kali 's children beyond the sky goodbye sunshine season of bliss without you 
