 baby kisses romance on the ranch series by verna clay this book is dedicated to everyone who has something to overcome . 
 baby kisses romance on the ranch series smashwords edition copyright © 2012 by verna clay second edition 2013 all rights reserved , including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever . 
 for information contact : vernaclay@vernaclay.com website : www.vernaclay.com join my mailing list published by : m.o.i. publishing `` mirrors of imagination '' cover designer : elaina lee -lrb- for the muse -rrb- pictures : dreamstime this book is a work of fiction . 
 names , characters , places , and incidents either are products of the author 's imagination or are used fictitiously . 
 any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons , living or dead , is entirely coincidental . 
 table of contents preface chapter 1 : not an airhead chapter 2 : personal assistant chapter 3 : promotion chapter 4 : certified delivery chapter 5 : rewrite chapter 6 : beauty is in the eye of the beholder chapter 7 : it is what it is chapter 8 : new york , new york chapter 9 : harebrained idea chapter 10 : midnight snack chapter 11 : sightseeing chapter 12 : family history chapter 13 : home sweet home chapter 14 : differences of opinion chapter 15 : inevitable chapter 16 : annabelle 's solution chapter 17 : take it or leave it chapter 18 : bumpkin girl chapter 19 : published chapter 20 : surprises go both ways chapter 21 : confessions chapter 22 : the search begins epilogue author 's note candy kisses -lrb- excerpt -rrb- stranded in oasis -lrb- excerpt -rrb- novels and novellas by verna clay preface writing the love story of tooty and miles has been challenging . 
 of the five books , dream kisses , honey kisses , baby kisses , candy kisses , and christmas kisses , this one has been the most difficult . 
 i 'm not sure of the reason except that maybe it was the sub plot of eli and annabelle that i found demanding . 
 i do n't mean demanding in the sense of writing , but in the sense of emotional expense . 
 whatever the reason , my characters finally matured and found their way to another happily-ever-after . 
 oh , and for fun , i hid a treasure in this story . 
 verna clay sequence of books in the romance on the ranch series : dream kisses honey kisses baby kisses candy kisses christmas kisses chapter 1 : not an airhead tooty drove her old ford ranger , gray in color under all the oxidation , to the front of jacob and julie hackstetter 's cottage . 
 parking in a cloud of dust , she sat for a minute and tried to calm her nerves . 
 she was about to meet maxwell henry -- the famous author . 
 sarah tanner , julie 's stepmother , had explained his real name was miles brightman , and he was staying at the cottage while julie and jacob visited maude and clyde hix in alaska . 
 tooty had often heard stories about the former employees of the lazy m ranch and how they had struck it rich as gold prospectors . 
 now in their eighties and sixties , with maude being the older , they still lived in the same cabin they 'd built after moving to the wilds years earlier . 
 tooty understood her friends ' desire to spend as much time as possible with the old-timers . 
 they were going to have a blast . 
 okay , you 've stalled long enough . 
 it 's time to get the embarrassing part over . 
 tooty bit her thumbnail and still did n't move to open her door . 
 she remembered miles from julie and jacob 's wedding reception . 
 he was the guy in the wheelchair . 
 actually , he was the hot older guy in the wheelchair . 
 even now , she cringed remembering their encounter . 
 she 'd gone in search of her mischievous four-year old and seen him checking out the man 's wheelchair . 
 when she 'd approached , she 'd heard harris say , `` hi , my name is harris and , hey , that 's a really cool chair . 
 ya wan na take me for a ride ? '' 
 rushing forward , she had n't reached harris in time to stop him from climbing onto the man 's lap . 
 the startled expression on the guy 's face had said everything . 
 he was n't used to kids . 
 besides that , she did n't know how severe his physical challenge was and whether harris could injure him . 
 when she 'd reached to grab her son off his lap , he 'd said , `` no , leave him . '' 
 after that , he 'd told harris about his wheelchair and shown him how to operate it , both manually and with battery assistance . 
 of course , harris had been fascinated and oblivious to his faux pas of just climbing on the guy 's lap . 
 with a mixture of mortification and gratitude , she 'd stepped to the sidelines to watch . 
 the man had finally said , `` well , harris , looks like your mother is waiting for you , you better hop off now . '' 
 that 's when tooty had stepped forward . 
 as she 'd bent to help her son down , he 'd glanced from her to the nice man and said , `` hey , i need a daddy . 
 you wan na marry my mommy ? 
 do n't you think she 's pretty ? '' 
 tooty had looked from her son 's innocent brown eyes into the man 's mediterranean blue ones and literally froze . 
 she 'd seen his shocked expression and then a slight quirk of his lips , like he was trying not to laugh . 
 before he could say anything , she 'd jerked harris off his lap . 
 `` i 'm really sorry . 
 my son just says whatever pops into his mind . '' 
 harris defended himself . 
 `` but mommy , grammy says it too . 
 she says i need a daddy and you need a man . 
 what 's wrong with him ? '' 
 `` ah ... ah ... i 'm really sorry . '' 
 knowing there was no way to salvage their fiasco , she 'd simply walked away carrying harris . 
 she 'd never been so embarrassed in her life . 
 every cell in her body had felt on fire -- even her scalp . 
 shaking the memory and inhaling a calming breath , tooty forced her hand to the door handle . 
 she was turning scarlet just thinking about meeting mr. brightman and she had half a mind to flip the ignition key , back the truck up , and peel out of the drive , never looking back . 
 of course , she would n't do that . 
 she needed to earn money , but , more importantly , she 'd never forgive herself if she turned down an opportunity to work with a famous author -- an author whose every book she 'd read at least twice . 
 * * * miles shifted his wheelchair so he could see out the living room window . 
 he watched the young woman step from her battered pickup . 
 so this was the girl with the strange first name that sarah had referred . 
 her dark , strawberry blonde hair looked familiar . 
 when she 'd almost reached the porch , recognition slammed him and he groaned . 
 it was the girl from the wedding ; the one with the cute , but rascally little boy -- the boy who 'd ask him to marry his mommy and become his daddy . 
 he groaned again when the doorbell rang . 
 rolling his chair to the door he pasted on a smile . 
 `` hello , please come in , '' he said politely . 
 the girl opened the screen and he backed his chair up . 
 `` h-hello . 
 my name is tooty townsend and sarah said you were looking for a personal assistant . '' 
 he rolled toward the back of the house . 
 `` let 's go to the kitchen . 
 i 've got coffee brewing and we can talk about it . '' 
 he paused at the kitchen entrance and waited for her to enter . 
 she waited for him to enter . 
 finally , he said , `` please go in and pour yourself a cup of coffee ; that is if you drink coffee . 
 i think there 's tea in the fridge . '' 
 self consciously , she pushed a strand of hair behind her ear . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she walked past him . 
 at the counter , she reached for one of the cups he 'd set out and lifted the pot . 
 `` can i pour you one , too ? '' 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 he guided his chair to the drop leaf table and motioned for her to sit across from him . 
 she set his coffee in front of him and took a seat . 
 he poured cream into his brew and motioned with the pitcher to see if she wanted some . 
 she nodded , and he poured . 
 `` tell me when . '' 
 `` that 's good . '' 
 `` sugar ? '' 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 when she lifted her cup to her lips , he noticed her hand was trembling . 
 damn . 
 he did n't want to scare the girl . 
 she did n't look much older than eighteen or nineteen and she was probably much too immature to work as a personal assistant , but then again , she already had a child . 
 that could mature a person fast . 
 `` i -- '' `` please -- '' they both spoke at the same time . 
 miles cleared his throat , `` you first . '' 
 she looked at him with big brown doe 's eyes . 
 `` i just want to apologize for the incident at the wedding reception . 
 my son can be quite vocal , but he 's only four years old ... '' she defended him , but did n't finish her sentence . 
 miles chuckled . 
 `` no apology necessary . 
 at least he speaks his mind . 
 no beating around the bush . '' 
 his words seemed to ease her nervousness and she sipped her coffee again without trembling . 
 `` your turn , '' she said . 
 it took him a second to realize that she was waiting for him to say what he had been about to . 
 `` oh , i was just going to ask you to convey any experience you 've had in working as a personal assistant . '' 
 he watched her eyes slide to the table . 
 `` um , i-i have n't actually worked as a personal assistant , but i did good in school and i 'm an avid reader . 
 i 've read all your books . 
 i also worked for mrs. smiley at beautyluscious beauty shop as the receptionist for six months . 
 the reason i 'm not still there is because she retired and the new owner laid me off to save money . '' 
 miles wanted to groan . 
 he 'd let her down easy . 
 keeping a straight face , he asked , `` are you working anywhere now ? '' 
 `` uh , yes . '' 
 she did n't elaborate , and he finally prompted , `` can you tell me where you 're working and what you 're doing ? '' 
 `` i-i work after hours at boot bustin ' barn cleaning the club . 
 the owner said he 's gon na work me into a waitress position when i turn twenty-one . '' 
 miles stared at his coffee cup . 
 this interview was going nowhere fast , and even though she 'd indicated she 'd read his books , he wondered how literate she was . 
 `` do you know anything about computers ? 
 do you think you could handle checking and replying to emails ? '' 
 he glanced up , surprised to see an almost hostile expression on her face . 
 before he could say anything , she said , `` i think i can handle checking emails and writing correspondence . 
 and yes , just in case you 're wondering , i have a high school degree and i can read and write . 
 sarah would n't have sent me if she did n't think i was capable . 
 however , it appears that you have doubts , so i 'll just say goodbye and wish you the best in finding the right person . '' 
 she started to stand and miles darted his hand to hers . 
 `` wait . 
 i did n't mean that to come out quite the way it did . 
 it 's just that you 're so young and i want to be sure -- '' she interrupted , `` you want to be sure i 'm not an airhead . '' 
 damn it . 
 she was twisting his words . 
 he looked at her , and said , `` exactly . '' 
 a tiny smile drew up the corners of her mouth . 
 `` mr. brightman , i had a child when i was sixteen and i 've been taking care of both of us ever since . 
 i assure you , i am not an airhead . 
 but i 'll release you from having to make the decision of whether or not to hire me . 
 good day . '' 
 she stood . 
 `` you 've got the job . 
 be here at nine tomorrow morning . '' 
 chapter 2 : personal assistant tooty tucked harris into bed in the tiny bedroom they shared at her parents ' house . 
 it was the same room she 'd had all her life . 
 she tickled her son and said , `` can i have some baby kisses ? '' 
 `` mommy , i 'm too old for that . 
 i 'm not a baby anymore . 
 next year i 'm going to school . '' 
 `` you certainly are . 
 you might even have my kindergarten teacher , mrs. schwartz . '' 
 `` that 's a funny name . '' 
 tooty tickled harris again . 
 `` well , do n't tell her that . '' 
 `` mommy , i liked playing with toby and preston today . 
 their daddy played with us , too . 
 they got all the happy horse toys . 
 i ca n't wait to play with them tomorrow . '' 
 he yawned . 
 tooty bent and kissed his soft cheek . 
 maybe , if she was even more frugal , she 'd have enough money left over after her first paycheck from mr. brightman to buy harris a happy horse . 
 she heard her baby sigh and glanced lovingly at him . 
 as he drifted to sleep , he said , `` sure wish i had a daddy to play with me . '' 
 a lump the size of a golf ball lodged in tooty 's throat and she swallowed to keep from crying . 
 crying never solved anything . 
 she had n't cried since harris ' father had denied his paternity and told her to get the hell out of his life . 
 all she 'd been to him was a one night stand -- an easily forgotten castaway . 
 instead of crawling into her own bed across the room , she slipped in next to harris and cradled him to her heart . 
 she had enough love for both a father and a mother . 
 besides , the way she felt about men , it was n't likely she 'd ever meet one who could live up to her standards . 
 precisely at nine the next morning , after dropping harris off with sarah and her boys , tooty returned to the cottage to begin her first day as personal assistant to miles brightman a.k.a. maxwell henry . 
 he opened the door as soon as she knocked and backed his wheelchair up for her to enter . 
 `` good morning , tooty . '' 
 `` good morning , mr. brightman . '' 
 he winced , `` please call me miles . 
 mr. brightman is my father . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she felt tongue-tied . 
 the man may be in a wheelchair but he oozed testosterone . 
 she tried not to look at his muscular chest and shoulders in his form molding t-shirt . 
 the fact that he needed a shave and his longish mahogany hair looked mussed , did n't help . 
 even now , he absently combed his fingers through its thickness . 
 the man had definitely been on the receiving end of `` gorgeous '' genes . 
 he said , `` why do n't we get some coffee and get to work . 
 i only have you a couple of hours a day , so i want to make the best of those hours . '' 
 tooty almost winced at his innocent words . 
 girl , do n't even go there in your thoughts . 
 he motioned for her to precede him into the kitchen and this time she did n't make the mistake of waiting for him to enter first . 
 in a repeat of the day before , she poured them both a cup of coffee . 
 after that , he led her to one of the two bedrooms that had been set up as an office . 
 `` this is your workspace . '' 
 he pointed to a small desk with a laptop . 
 `` i 'll be in the living room on my other laptop . 
 go ahead and have a seat . '' 
 tooty pulled out the office chair and miles wheeled beside her . 
 he said , `` please do n't take offense , but have you used a computer before . 
 i 'm only asking so i know where to start my training . '' 
 `` i used a computer in school . '' 
 `` good . 
 okay , there 's a notepad and pencil for you to jot notes while i lead you through the motions of getting my emails . '' 
 tooty listened and wrote while he explained how to sign on to the internet and call up his different email accounts . 
 `` these are folders i 've set up for different types of emails : fan , publisher , family , junk , miscellaneous . 
 even though i screen for junk mail , sometimes it gets through . 
 if you think something 's junk , put it in that folder and i 'll look at it later . 
 here 's how you move things around . 
 just hold the left mouse clicker down and drag it to the folder . '' 
 he demonstrated . 
 `` got it , '' said tooty . 
 `` okay , let 's look at some of the emails . 
 but do n't open any attachments . 
 that 's how computers get destroyed by viruses . 
 if there 's an attachment you think i might need to open , just let me know and i 'll decide whether i want to or not . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 `` oh , i almost forgot . '' 
 miles twisted in his seat to reach for a folder on top of a file cabinet . 
 `` you need to sign a contract that states you understand everything you see is confidential and you wo n't reveal anything to anyone . '' 
 tooty gave him a surprised look . 
 `` well , of course , i know that . 
 i would never -- '' `` do n't get your hackles up . 
 this is something that all my personal assistants have to sign , even my new york assistant . 
 i 'll leave the contract with you to read . 
 let me know after you 've signed it and you can begin work . '' 
 he handed the folder to her and started to wheel out of the room . 
 tooty frowned . 
 `` i do n't need to read it , where 's the pen ? '' 
 miles gave her an incredulous look . 
 `` tooty , you should always read contracts before signing them . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to tell anyone anything , so what does it matter ? '' 
 `` it matters to me because the contract states that if you reveal anything , i can sue you for everything you 've got , and then some . '' 
 `` mr. brightman , miles , if you sued me for everything i 've got , you might get blood out of a turnip . 
 that 's all . '' 
 miles sighed , `` tooty , please read the contract . '' 
 he rolled out of the room . 
 tooty speed read the damn thing , signed it , and then waited a few minutes before letting him know because he 'd think she had n't read it . 
 basically , he could sue the crap out of her and take everything she owned if she spilled the beans on him about anything ; even his favorite food . 
 finally , she walked to the living room and waved it . 
 `` all read and signed . '' 
 he looked like he did n't believe her , but accepted it . 
 back in the office he proceeded to open emails and demonstrate the folders he wanted them to go in . 
 `` you sure get a lot of fan mail , '' she mused aloud . 
 `` yeah , and my publisher has it in my contract that i have to respond to appropriate ones . '' 
 `` do you get inappropriate ones ? '' 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 he did n't elaborate and opened an email that said , love your books . 
 his cell phone buzzed and he shifted his attention to answering it . 
 tooty read the email that started out very nicely . 
 dear mr. henry , i have read all your books and absolutely loved them . 
 i ca n't wait for your next one to be released . 
 i was at a signing you did a couple years ago in ft. lauderdale and i have n't been able to stop thinking about you . 
 even though you 're in a wheelchair , i just know you 're a great lover . 
 i would be a willing partner for anything you had in mind . 
 i can get really kinky . 
 the letter continued with some very descriptive language and tooty 's mouth dropped . 
 she looked at the keyboard because she could n't read anymore . 
 miles disconnected from his phone call . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked . 
 tooty looked at him with round eyes and a scarlet face . 
 he frowned and read the email . 
 `` oh , damn ! '' 
 reaching across her , he hit the delete button . 
 neither one of them said anything . 
 miles broke the silence . 
 `` sometimes i get crap like that . 
 sorry you had to see it . 
 luckily , it does n't happen often . '' 
 tooty nodded and willed her blush to go away . 
 she willed the erotic images planted in her mind to disappear , too . 
 miles started explaining more about her duties and she forced herself to concentrate . 
 finally , he returned to the living room and left her to sort through his voluminous emails . 
 at exactly eleven , she tidied up and then walked to the living room . 
 `` it 's time for me to go . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 miles had his wheelchair pulled to an antique desk with his back to her and he was absorbed in whatever he was typing . 
 `` miles ? '' 
 she said timidly when he did n't respond . 
 he lifted one finger indicating she should wait . 
 she shifted on her feet . 
 at last , he rotated his wheelchair to look at her . 
 `` so , how was your first day ? '' 
 `` i think i can handle it . '' 
 `` great . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 `` okay . 
 bye . '' 
 an image from the nasty email jumped into her mind and she made a hasty exit . 
 chapter 3 : promotion after the first week , tooty felt comfortable in her duties as personal assistant to a famous author . 
 sometimes she wanted to pinch herself to see if she 'd wake up . 
 for her , reading had always been an escape from life 's challenges and she 'd certainly had her share in her twenty years . 
 sitting beside harris , she read the last page of his favorite book , restoring ` tween time , and then tucked him in . 
 his eyes had already drifted shut . 
 `` i love you , baby . '' 
 she kissed his cherub cheek and knew that even if she could , she 'd never change the fact that she 'd born a child out of wedlock at the age of sixteen . 
 harris was her heart . 
 he meant everything to her . 
 too bad his father was such a jerk . 
 flopping across her bed , she turned her lamp off and stared at the ceiling . 
 if julie had n't been trick riding at the montezuma county rodeo , harris would never have been conceived . 
 that 's where she 'd met laramie walker , or as he was known on the rodeo circuit , lucky larry . 
 tooty grinned at the ceiling ; her son was gon na be handsome just like his father . 
 only harris would be a `` looker '' with character . 
 lucky larry was a selfish prick . 
 at the time , she 'd only been his flavor of the night , and when she 'd contacted him to let him know she was pregnant , he 'd told her she was barking up the wrong tree and to have her lawyer contact his . 
 of course , she 'd been devastated , but now she was glad she 'd never legally pursued him . 
 harris was all hers . 
 sighing , she dreamed about her future . 
 if she could just gain fulltime employment , she could look for a little house for her and harris . 
 living with her parents was difficult . 
 she appreciated that they allowed her and harris to stay with them , but they were always so critical . 
 her dad was old school and had almost cast her out of the house when she 'd finally told him she was pregnant . 
 her mother had kept that from happening , but had harangued her ever since about being a `` loose '' woman . 
 even to this day , she got her jabs in . 
 living with her parents was a paradox . 
 they loved and doted on harris , but never let her forget she 'd disappointed them . 
 not feeling sleepy , she flipped her lamp back on and walked to the closet to retrieve her special box . 
 sitting indian style in the middle of her bed , she opened it and lifted the top sheet to review her latest poem . 
 reaching back into the box she picked up her favorite pen and tapped it against her chin while rereading the first stanza . 
 his eyes , the color of love paint my soul with living shades he is the shadow of my dreams he knows me as no other will i ever meet him ? 
 after pondering a few minutes , she tried writing the next stanza , but scratched through the words . 
 searching her soul for inspiration , she finally wrote . 
 do miles separate us ? 
 or is he the bright star in my backyard ? 
 is he fey ? 
 or is he man ? 
 she reread the stanza . 
 i like it . 
 * * * miles watched tooty 's old pickup pull up in front of the cottage . 
 the girl really needed better transportation . 
 the vehicle backfired in a puff of smoke when she turned it off . 
 he rolled his eyes and then maneuvered to the front door to open it . 
 `` good morning , tooty . '' 
 `` good morning , sir . '' 
 miles flinched at the greeting . 
 it made him feel ancient . 
 the grin on her face piqued his curiosity . 
 `` what 's up ? 
 you 're smiling like a cheshire cat . '' 
 her grin widened and changed her average face into a pretty one . 
 she had beautiful teeth . 
 `` oh , when i dropped harris off with sarah , i found out that jackson martinez and ann hackstetter ran off to las vegas a couple of weeks ago and got married . 
 i 've been rooting for them to get together ever since i saw them dancing at jacob and julie 's reception . '' 
 she stepped past him and into the living room . 
 miles said , `` you knew they should be together just by watching them dance ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 it was like watching the best romance movie . 
 you know , two people in love and not acknowledging it . 
 they were like ... like ... so into each other . '' 
 miles laughed , `` tooty , maybe you should be writing romance novels . '' 
 he watched her turn a lovely shade of pink which made her dusting of freckles stand out . 
 `` well , guess i 'll get to work . '' 
 she hurried toward the office . 
 miles watched her retreating back and his eyes dipped to admire her cute butt before he realized it . 
 jerking his wheelchair around , he pushed to his desk and fired up his laptop . 
 after an hour he felt frustrated with what he 'd been working on for the past few days . 
 the escape scene sounded stiff and contrived . 
 rolling to the office doorway , he saw tooty biting her lower lip and the sight made his heart jump . 
 god , miles , she 's barely out of her teens . 
 you need to get back to new york and give monica a call . 
 she looked up and his heart hammered . 
 `` are there a lot of emails ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 mostly from people excited about the upcoming sequel to the macrighteous series . '' 
 `` you said once that you 've read all my books . 
 did you like that series ? '' 
 tooty 's eyes got big . 
 `` you betcha . 
 i 'm looking forward to the next one . '' 
 `` i 'm happy to hear that because i have another project for you . 
 i want you to read one of the scenes from the new book and tell me what 's lacking . 
 i ca n't seem to get it right . '' 
 `` really ?! '' 
 `` yes , really . 
 come with me . '' 
 an hour later , miles had his wheelchair pulled to his desk pretending to write . 
 he kept stealing glances at tooty sitting on the couch . 
 hell , why 's it taking her an hour to read twenty pages . 
 maybe she 's a slow reader . 
 * * * tooty chewed on the inside of her cheek . 
 she 'd read the escape scene five times . 
 it needed some serious reworking , but how could she tell miles in a nice way . 
 on most days he was cranky and solitary . 
 she glanced up to see him watching her . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asked impatiently . 
 `` umm , i ... i think you 've made a good start . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` umm ... '' `` tooty , just say what 's on your mind . 
 i did n't get to where i am without criticism . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she inhaled deeply . 
 `` i think the scene comes off as being contrived ; you know , made to fit the plot . 
 i was thinking that instead of them getting away clean , it would be more exciting if they got caught , roughed up , escaped , and ... and ... '' `` yeeesss ? '' 
 `` made love . '' 
 miles groaned . 
 `` tooty , was i right about you being a romantic ? '' 
 `` well , yes , but that has nothing to do with your book . 
 i 've read all your books and loved them , but ... but i think if you added more romance , you 'd increase your audience . 
 now , mac is a great character , but he 's predictable . 
 kind of a sherlock holmes on steroids . 
 he needs someone to take him off kilter . 
 shake him up . 
 make his heart pound . 
 and i think this scene would be dynamite for doing that . 
 i 'd love to read about ... '' she paused . 
 `` tooty , you have me on the edge of my seat . 
 you 'd love to read what ? '' 
 in a rush , she said , `` how staunch mac makes love . 
 especially , now that he and anja are hiding out in some dingy abandoned warehouse not knowing if they 'll live another day . 
 if you were in dire circumstances and maybe about to die , would n't you want to experience passion with someone who trips your heart ? '' 
 miles looked at her dumbfounded . 
 she glanced at her watch . 
 `` well , looks like it 's time to go . 
 i 'm taking harris to buy one of the horses in that hot new line of toys , happy horses . 
 see you tomorrow . '' 
 she laid the pages on the coffee table and rushed from the house . 
 * * * miles watched tooty 's truck speed away -- well , clunk away . 
 god , he hated that truck . 
 wheeling to the table , he picked up the manuscript . 
 damn , he wished he had n't asked for her opinion . 
 she 'd had his heart pounding by the time she 'd finished her review of his work -- tooty townsend , impoverished girl , unwed mother , and now critic of bestselling author maxwell henry . 
 crap . 
 chapter 4 : certified delivery tooty pulled into the driveway of her parents ' small clapboard home a few blocks off main street . 
 just as she reached to unlatch harris from his seat belt , her mother rushed onto the front porch waving something . 
 she rolled down her window . 
 `` what 's up , mom ? '' 
 `` the postman dropped off this slip . 
 he said you have certified registered mail and you have to sign for it personally . 
 he left it at the post office 'cause you 're working that new job . 
 might as well head over and see what it is . '' 
 `` hi , grammy . '' 
 harris leaned toward tooty 's window . 
 `` hi , punkin ' pie . 
 you wan na stay with me while your mother goes to the post office ? '' 
 `` okay . 
 did you make cookies ? '' 
 `` i sure did -- your favorites , too . '' 
 grace townsend walked around the truck and helped harris out of his booster seat , giving him a loud , smacking kiss . 
 tooty sighed and backed out of the driveway . 
 why could n't her mother turn some of that affection on her own daughter ? 
 at the post office she waited in line behind mrs. doolittle who was sipping an iced coffee confection from dixie 's cuppa joe . 
 tooty said , `` that looks delicious . 
 what is it ? '' 
 `` it 's called a cinnabomb . 
 i think it 's my favorite so far . 
 you should try one . '' 
 `` oh , i will . '' 
 yeah , if i ever get an extra few bucks . 
 mrs. doolittle walked to the counter . 
 after painstakingly perusing several nature scene stamps , she finally bought a roll and waved goodbye to tooty . 
 the mail clerk said , `` hi , tooty . 
 guess you 're here for that big envelope . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i do n't know what it is , but here 's the notice mr. hornblower left with my mom . '' 
 patty , the clerk for as long as tooty could remember , walked behind a partition and returned with a thick envelope . 
 `` sorry , but i have to ask for your id . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 tooty opened her purse and pulled out her driver 's license . 
 patty did n't even glance at it . 
 `` sign here . '' 
 tooty signed and when she turned to leave , patty said , `` you be sure and let me know if you won a million dollars . '' 
 tooty laughed . 
 `` i surely will . '' 
 back in her truck , she looked at the return address -- a legal firm in denver . 
 jeez , nothing good comes from attorneys . 
 with nervous hands she tore the top of the envelope open and lifted the many pages out . 
 she read the cover page . 
 dear ms. townsend , i am writing this letter to offer my condolences on the death of your distant relative , beatrice shipley . 
 our firm was retained by ms. shipley a few years ago to prepare her will . 
 it was ms. shipley 's desire that when she died , you would inherit her ranch house , outbuildings , and associated twenty acres . 
 said property is located in the county of la plata in colorado . 
 tooty dropped the pages in her lap . 
 huh ? 
 she grabbed them back up and reread every word . 
 there were attachments to the letter : a copy of the will , deed , map , surveyor descriptions , and other documents having to do with the property . 
 the letter ended by asking her to call and make an appointment with the attorney to sign documents and pick up her key . 
 tooty drove home in a daze . 
 she only remembered meeting beatrice once , shortly after harris was born . 
 the old woman had come to her parents ' house explaining that she was distantly related to them . 
 she 'd crooned over harris while holding him in her bony arms . 
 as she was leaving , she 'd hugged tooty and whispered , `` you 're the one . '' 
 at the time , tooty had n't understood what she meant . 
 she 'd figured the woman was just old and her mind wandered . 
 now she understood . 
 the stop light turned red and she braked suddenly . 
 across the intersection , billy bob reid in his police car wagged a finger at her . 
 she grinned sheepishly and slowly drove past him when the light changed . 
 a couple of minutes later she pulled into her driveway and grabbed the envelope . 
 stepping out of her truck , she looked at the beautiful blue sky and shouted , `` yes ! '' 
 chapter 5 : rewrite miles made a last minute change to the manuscript tooty had criticized two days previous . 
 she 'd called him the morning after and explained that she needed the day off because of an out-of-town emergency . 
 when he 'd asked if everything was alright , she 'd laughed , `` more than alright . '' 
 after hanging up , he 'd continued writing the scene that had kept him up half the night . 
 he could n't believe he was writing a love feast in a dilapidated warehouse that might be the last act of passion his hero and heroine ever experienced . 
 that evening he 'd reread what he 'd written and smiled . 
 it was good -- really good . 
 tooty had been right . 
 now he showered and shaved and nervously wondered what her reaction would be . 
 precisely at nine , she tapped on the door with a patterned knock . 
 tap -- tap tap tap tap tap tap tap-tap . 
 he opened it to one of the happiest faces he 'd ever seen . 
 `` hello miles , '' she said gaily , and skipped past him , heading to the bedroom office . 
 something 's up . 
 he rolled his chair behind her and watched her from the doorway . 
 she glanced up . 
 `` do you need something ? '' 
 `` about that scene in my book we were discussing ... '' `` oh , maybe i was wrong . 
 you 're the author , you -- '' `` i rewrote it . '' 
 her eyes got big . 
 `` you rewrote it ? 
 because of what i said ? '' 
 he did n't respond directly to her question . 
 `` do you want to read it ? '' 
 `` does a cow give milk ? '' 
 miles grinned . 
 `` come back in the living room . '' 
 after tooty settled on the couch , he handed her the pages . 
 `` read it aloud so i can judge the effect and decide on any changes . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 grabbing anja 's hand , mac pulled her into the dark , dank , and musty room . 
 sunlight barely filtered through years of buildup on the one window . 
 pulling off his jacket , he placed it on the floor for her . 
 `` wait here . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'll go with you . '' 
 `` i 'm only going to barricade the door . '' 
 gently , he pushed her to the floor . 
 in the dim light he could see lines of worry furrowing her brow and he had an overwhelming desire to fan his hand over her forehead , making the lines disappear like a magician . 
 instead , he left her and scanned the room for something to block the door . 
 finding a rusted pipe , he shoved it under the handle and then pulled a dilapidated office desk in front of the entrance . 
 he returned to anja . 
 `` we 're safe for now . 
 no one knows to look for us here . 
 but , just in case , we can leave through the window if someone tries to come through the door . 
 and , i have this . '' 
 he pulled his glock from his shoulder harness and set in on the ground in front of them when he sat beside her . 
 `` we 'll leave at nightfall and cross the river . 
 the border 's about twenty miles . '' 
 he was hoping his words would encourage her . 
 maybe speaking the words would encourage him , too . 
 he 'd been in tough situations before , but this was one of the worst . '' 
 tooty looked up . 
 `` i really like this ! '' 
 he nodded and she continued reading . 
 anja gave him a weak smile and seemed to relax a little . 
 `` lay your head on my lap and get some sleep . '' 
 he patted his thighs . 
 after a second 's hesitation , she moved closer and lowered her head . 
 in the dim light , he watched her hair flow out -- strawberry blond hair that curled around his legs . 
 unable to stop himself , he touched her beautiful tresses , smoothing the back of his fingers across their silkiness . 
 her eyes never left his . 
 slowly , she lifted her hand to touch the stubble on his jaw . 
 he could n't breathe . 
 never had he felt such passion , such desire . 
 slipping his arm under her shoulders , he lifted her to his mouth . 
 her lips were sweet and warm and she was the only person who existed in his world . 
 he had to have her -- all of her . 
 tooty stumbled in the reading and turned pink . 
 miles felt her unease and said , `` uh , guess you can read the rest of it to yourself and let me know what you think . '' 
 `` oh , okay . '' 
 the relief in her voice spoke volumes . 
 she might have a four year old son , but he had a feeling she was as innocent as a babe . 
 he rolled to his desk , but kept a surreptitious eye on her . 
 when she turned crimson , he knew she was reading the consummation of the love scene . 
 she put the pages down and sighed . 
 he waited a few seconds and then asked , `` better than before ? '' 
 she turned luminous eyes on him . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 this book is going to sell like hotcakes . 
 women , young and old , rich and poor , are gon na buy the book just to read that scene . '' 
 she paused and then said , `` omg , and this is gon na be made into a movie . 
 there 'd better be smelling salts handy . '' 
 `` tooty , you are so funny . 
 i appreciate the praise , but i hardly think that 's going to happen . '' 
 `` ha , then you do n't know women very well . 
 actually , after reading that scene , i take that back . 
 you do know women . '' 
 miles choked . 
 now it was his turn to blush . 
 changing the subject , he asked , `` are you going to tell me what that big grin was all about when you walked in ? '' 
 she got that grin again . 
 `` okay . 
 i 've just got to share my news . 
 i got this letter from an attorney . 
 you 'll never guess what happened ... '' he waited . 
 `` i inherited a ranch house and twenty acres from a distant relative ! 
 now harris and i will have our own place ! '' 
 `` tooty , that 's wonderful . 
 have you seen the house ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 i just got the key yesterday . 
 that 's why i could n't come to work . 
 i had to go to denver and meet with an attorney . 
 i 'm going to check out my new home after i leave here . 
 it 's about thirty minutes away in the next county . 
 just think , i had this relative living so close and never knew it . 
 my father said he 'd heard of her but never met her because she was a recluse . '' 
 miles steepled his fingers . 
 `` why do n't we go now ? 
 i can drive you in my van . 
 we can pick harris up and take him with us . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 i 'd like to see your place anyway . '' 
 `` okay , let me call sarah . '' 
 she reached for her cell phone and made the call while miles shut his computer down . 
 he heard her say , `` are you sure you do n't mind keeping him ? 
 we may not be back until noon . '' 
 she listened . 
 `` thanks , sarah , you 're the best . '' 
 she disconnected . 
 `` sarah said she 'll keep him while we go look . 
 i already shared my good fortune with her . '' 
 miles grabbed his keys . 
 `` okay , let 's go . 
 do you have directions ? '' 
 `` yep , they 're in my purse . '' 
 chapter 6 : beauty is in the eye of the beholder miles followed the directions tooty gave and turned off the main highway onto a gravel road . 
 dense trees grew on either side of the narrow drive and they had to stop once so tooty could remove dead limbs blocking the road . 
 it took about ten minutes to reach the ranch house . 
 at first glance it appeared rather pathetic . 
 the windows were partially boarded , the porch sagged , and the roof was in need of repair . 
 the old siding did n't have much paint left . 
 miles glanced sideways at tooty expecting her to look crestfallen . 
 she looked radiant . 
 you would have thought she 'd inherited a palace instead of this ramshackle home . 
 `` it 's all mine , '' she breathed . 
 miles did n't have the heart to burst her bubble . 
 there was no way she could live in this house without major repairs . 
 he 'd barely stopped the van before she was out the door and wrestling with her purse to find the key . 
 while she ran to the porch , he lowered himself on the mechanical lift . 
 the ground was rough and he had to use some muscle to skirt weeds and uneven terrain . 
 tooty unlocked the door and turned around . 
 `` oh , goodness , i 'm so sorry . 
 i should be helping you . '' 
 `` you 're fine . '' 
 he opened the back of the van . 
 `` i have a lightweight metal ramp that telescopes . 
 he slid the ramp out . 
 `` do you think you can drag it to the porch while i maneuver around this rough ground ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 she pulled the ramp the short distance . 
 `` is it too heavy ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 she followed his instructions for sliding it open and positioning it where he could gain access . 
 in a few minutes he was on the porch . 
 at the doorstep she paused and looked down at him . 
 `` i feel like its christmas and i 'm about to open the best present ever . '' 
 miles still did n't have the heart to destroy her illusion . 
 she pushed the door open . 
 `` i love it , '' she breathed , and then turned to help him over the door jam and into the front room crowded with antique furniture . 
 he figured maybe she could sell the stuff and make some money for repairs . 
 `` my own home , '' she whispered . 
 together , they pushed furniture out of the way so he could follow her throughout the dimly lit house and listen to her plans for improvement . 
 he started mentally calculating dollar figures . 
 off the living room there were two hallways opposite each other , with one leading to two bedrooms on one side of the house , and the other to the only bathroom and another bedroom on the other side . 
 the living room opened into a small dining room with a door leading to the kitchen . 
 basically , the house was a rectangle . 
 when he followed tooty into the kitchen , he had to stifle a groan . 
 it looked like it was a castaway from the 1940s and never remodeled . 
 the refrigerator even had rounded corners . 
 he wondered if the place was a fire hazard . 
 tooty exclaimed , `` i ca n't wait to move in ! 
 some elbow grease and this place will be spit shined . 
 i can come here in the afternoons after working for you and bring harris with me . 
 he 's going to be so thrilled . 
 i have n't told him anything yet because i did n't want him to get his hopes up in case things took a dive . 
 believe me , i know about things taking a dive . '' 
 `` tooty , how can you work here and then go to work cleaning boot bustin ' barn at night . 
 when will you sleep ? 
 besides that , look how far you are from your family , not to mention work . 
 can you drive that every day ? '' 
 tooty smiled at him and , as if explaining to a child who could n't quite understand , said , `` i 'll make it work . 
 this is an answer to prayer . 
 you just do n't know how long i 've been praying for my own place . 
 it will work , '' she said with finality . 
 with stars in her eyes , she checked out every room a second time . 
 on the drive home , she talked so fast miles could n't get a word in . 
 finally , he interrupted , `` tooty , listen to me a minute . 
 i have a proposal . '' 
 she stopped midsentence in her description of all the flowers she was going to plant and looked questioningly at him . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` jacob and julie will be returning in a month or so and i 'll have to leave their cottage . 
 i still have a tremendous amount of writing to accomplish and i do n't want to do it in new york . 
 i 'd like to stay in this area . 
 my proposal is that you let me rent a room from you . 
 however , instead of paying rent , i 'll put money into making the house livable . 
 how 's that sound ? '' 
 she did n't say anything and he chanced a glance at her . 
 she 'd wrinkled her brow . 
 `` what do n't you like about the idea ? '' 
 `` i think the money you would pay to fix the place up would be way more than what rent would cost . 
 that 's not fair to you . '' 
 miles breathed a sigh of relief . 
 if that was her only objection , and not that a man would be living in the house with her , he could handle that . 
 `` that 's probably true . 
 but , i was thinking that you could quit your job at boot bustin ' barn and work for me full time . 
 instead of me paying you full salary , we could apply some of that money toward fixing the house up , too . '' 
 he finished with , `` i really need someone to proof read and give me input . 
 like you did with the scene i just rewrote . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you want me to read what you 've written ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 so he could seal the deal , he said quickly , `` let 's plan on moving to the new place within a month . 
 i 'll get repairmen and carpenters lined up tomorrow . '' 
 `` you 'd do that for me ! 
 somebody pinch me because i must be dreaming . '' 
 chapter 7 : it is what it is tooty could n't remember ever being so happy , excluding the birth of harris , of course . 
 three or four times a week , miles drove her to her inherited home . 
 while she cleaned , he discussed repairs with the contractors , and even did minor repairs from his wheelchair . 
 seeing him wield a hammer in an old t-shirt that clearly defined how fit he kept himself , made tooty 's heart pound . 
 he was gorgeous and she warned herself not to develop a crush on him . 
 just as he 'd promised , they moved into the house within a month of first seeing it . 
 of course , her parents raised hell about her being single and allowing a man to live in the same house , but she just watched their mouths move and did n't absorb their concerns . 
 nothing she could have said would have changed their minds anyway . 
 miles had the bedroom in the hallway with the bathroom and tooty and harris each had their own rooms in the opposite hallway . 
 he had made the home wheelchair friendly and she knew he 'd spent a lot of money . 
 whenever she broached the subject of paying him back , he 'd brush her concerns aside and insist it was a non-issue because the improvements were for his convenience . 
 as for harris , he was over the moon about his new racing car bed with matching bedspread and wallpaper that she 'd bought with bonus money from miles . 
 he 'd insisted it was deserved for inspiring him to rewrite the escape scene . 
 the first night in their new home , tooty grabbed harris ' favorite storybook and lay beside him . 
 long into the night she stayed in his room . 
 after years of not crying , she swiped away tears of joy . 
 her baby had a home . 
 she had a home . 
 finally , she returned to her own room and opened her nightstand drawer to remove the envelope the attorney had given her the day of their appointment . 
 for at least the hundredth time she reread the letter from beatrice shipley . 
 my dear tooty , if you are reading this letter , then i have gone on to my maker . 
 i believe you will love your new home as much as i have for over fifty years . 
 the home also came to me by way of an inheritance . 
 it 's not much in the way of outward beauty , but it is a beautiful home . 
 i know you will understand after a time of living there . 
 my most precious gift to you , however , is not the home . 
 there is a treasure within that i discovered too late to make reconciliation with the love of my life . 
 sadly , he died before i could make things right . 
 if only i had found this treasure even two years sooner , it would have made a difference in my decisions . 
 but it is what it is . 
 i will give you a clue as to its whereabouts because to tell you outright would not befit the treasure . 
 i know you will find it . 
 you 're a special woman with depth of character that will keep you from making the same mistakes i have . 
 here is the clue : the circle surrounds annabelle 's timeless treasure . 
 -- beatrice shipley tooty folded the paper and put it back in the envelope . 
 over and over she repeated the clue , like counting sheep , until she fell asleep . 
 * * * miles woke feeling like crap . 
 he 'd spent the past month working on tooty 's house when he should have been writing the final chapters of his novel . 
 he had a headache , and harris , running through the house yelling , did n't help matters . 
 he covered his head with his pillow . 
 i must have been out of my mind . 
 what the hell was i thinking to sink time and money into tooty 's house ? 
 now i 'm living with a four year old . 
 i 'll never get any work done . 
 even as the thought passed through his mind , he knew he was being an asshole . 
 `` mister brightperson , are you awake ? '' 
 there was a loud knocking on his door and then harris repeated his question louder . 
 `` mister brightperson , are you awake ?! '' 
 miles pulled another pillow over his head . 
 he heard tooty 's muffled voice . 
 `` harris , stop that ! 
 let mr. brightman sleep . '' 
 blessedly , the pounding on the door stopped . 
 the pounding in his head did not . 
 rolling over and pushing himself up against the headboard of his new bed , he reached into his nightstand for a pain pill and then tossed it back with a gulp of water . 
 he rubbed his temples waiting for the pain to ebb and fought threatening depression . 
 glancing around the small room he 'd made as workable as possible , he suddenly hated his life . 
 he hated being in a wheelchair . 
 he hated not being able to run , jog , walk , crawl ; anything other than being stuck in that chair . 
 squeezing his eyes shut , he allowed himself to have his yearly pity party . 
 try as he might , he could not keep a couple of tears from escaping . 
 after his headache lightened , he dressed and hauled himself into his wheelchair . 
 later , he rolled to the living room window and watched tooty playing with harris . 
 she was holding his hands and swinging him round and round . 
 her wavy , shoulder length hair was n't in its usual ponytail and danced freely about her face and shoulders . 
 she was wearing shorts that revealed shapely legs and her blouse had fallen off one shoulder in an innocent seductiveness that she was unaware of . 
 she looked radiant and alluring . 
 miles cursed and rolled away from the window and back to his room . 
 pulling to his desk , he opened his laptop and tried to concentrate on writing , without success . 
 tooty 's sensual innocence plagued him . 
 he wanted to ... no , he would n't allow his thoughts to travel there . 
 she was barely out of her teens and he was thirty-eight , for god 's sake . 
 shortly before noon , he heard a light rap on his door and tooty 's voice . 
 `` miles , are you okay ? 
 i have n't seen you all morning . 
 are you hungry ? '' 
 he groaned and rolled to open the door . 
 `` i 'm fine ; been getting some writing done . 
 i need to catch up on the past month . '' 
 `` can i bring you some lunch ? 
 i made bologna sandwiches . '' 
 he hated bologna . 
 `` ah no , i 'm not hungry . 
 do you just have an apple or orange ? '' 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 let me grab some for you . '' 
 she ran to the kitchen and returned in a flash , handing him a bowl of apples and oranges . 
 `` i got all the emails and correspondence caught up . 
 harris is taking a nap , so i 'm going to proofread your latest chapter . '' 
 miles noticed her blouse had slipped again . 
 she had a lovely neck and shoulder . 
 his body reacted and he quickly backed into the room , reaching to shut the door . 
 `` i 've got a lot of work to catch up on . 
 i 'll talk to you later . '' 
 he practically slammed the door in her face . 
 * * * if it had n't been for miles being so cranky , tooty would have been the happiest person on earth . 
 she loved her home and her property , but most of all she loved the way harris had taken to the change in their lives . 
 she 'd created a special play area for him where she could watch him from the front window . 
 he had a little patch of grass and nearby dirt to make roads for all his toy cars and trucks . 
 together they 'd created a town from cardboard boxes . 
 tooty smiled at the businesses they 'd painted with watercolors : hank 's feed and seed , shop til you drop truck stop , biggie 's bag and save big mart , dixie 's cuppa joe , boot bustin ' barn , big bertha 's steak house , sizzling sicily , ace hardware , beautyluscious beauty shop , cowgirl creations , the post office , and various other local establishments . 
 they were only limited by the number of boxes they could scrounge up . 
 while harris napped , tooty sat on the couch and started reading miles ' latest rough draft . 
 with a red pencil , she made notations and grammar corrections . 
 this was the part of her job she loved . 
 there were n't many pages and it did n't take long to finish . 
 leaning back , she gazed lovingly around her new home . 
 she adored the mismatched antique furniture creating such a homey atmosphere . 
 instead of stripping all the old wallpaper and painting the walls , she 'd left just enough to maintain the character of the home . 
 her eyes rested on the old clock hanging over a buffet in the dining room where wallpaper remained . 
 the hands never moved past eleven thirty-five and she wondered what it would cost to have the lovely time piece repaired . 
 suddenly , beatrice 's clue echoed in her mind . 
 the circle surrounds annabelle 's timeless treasure . 
 two words in the clue stood out : circle and timeless . 
 the clock face was a circle and the clock was broken or timeless . 
 is that why the word is underlined ? 
 tooty 's heart raced and she jumped up and rushed to the claw foot buffet , pulling a dining chair next to it to stand on . 
 lifting the heavy ornate piece from the wall , she set it on the dining table and ran her fingers over the intricate carvings . 
 nothing seemed out of the ordinary when she prodded and poked . 
 no hidden boxes jumped out . 
 rats ! 
 she turned it over and poked at the backing . 
 it looked solid . 
 she tapped a little harder and the wood shifted . 
 blood rushed to her head in a wave of excitement . 
 running to the kitchen , she came back with a steak knife and poked at a corner . 
 after a few jiggles the backing fell off and a small book tumbled out . 
 tooty gasped and held her heart . 
 was this the treasure ? 
 gently , she lifted the book and read the single word on the cover , diary . 
 her hands shook as she carried the diary to her room . 
 sitting on the side of her bed , she gently laid it in the center and then reached into her nightstand for beatrice 's letter . 
 she reread it , especially the mysterious part about reconciliation . 
 there is a treasure within that i discovered too late to make reconciliation with the love of my life . 
 sadly , he died before i could make things right . 
 if only i had found this treasure even two years sooner , it would have made a difference in my decisions . 
 but it is what it is . 
 gently lifting the book , she kicked back on her bed and opened it . 
 inside the cover was a folded paper . 
 she slipped it out and read : tooty , i hope it is you reading this note . 
 if not , then so be it . 
 to whomever is reading this , i caution you not to read the entire diary in one sitting . 
 it is best savored over time so that the trueness of it can settle into the mind and heart of the reader to be pondered , savored , and enjoyed . 
 may annabelle 's words fill your heart with both sadness and joy , emotions contrary to one another , but so necessary for the human heart to find fulfillment . 
 -- beatrice shipley tooty swallowed the lump in her throat . 
 how she wished she 'd met beatrice sooner . 
 they could have shared precious hours together . 
 she had a feeling they would have been soul sisters ; the gap in their ages making nary a difference . 
 turning her attention back to the diary , she read hand printed words on the first page : annabelle 's diary beginning in the year of our lord , 1865 . 
 the year my life truly began . 
 since harris was still asleep , she turned the fragile page to the first entry and began a journey . 
 sunday , march 5 , 1865 i write this entry late at night by candlelight in the tiny room i share with my two sisters . 
 lorrie wants me to blow out the candle , but i must write these words so i do not forget anything . 
 i have had this diary since pa gave it to me last christmas , but i have not felt the need to write until now . 
 this has been a most memorable day . 
 it started out like any other . 
 we went to church , me , lorrie , maddie , and pa. . 
 i sure miss ma . 
 it 's been a year since she died of consumption and my sister lorrie has taken her place as school teacher . 
 the preacher talked about all the casualties in the war and it made me sad . 
 he said there was a young man in a bad way that had been left at the makeshift shelter in town . 
 he asked for a volunteer to take him in . 
 he said the soldier would probably die because he 'd lost both his legs and they 'd festered . 
 he wanted us to imagine dying alone without the love of a family . 
 he had me crying . 
 i knew pa would volunteer because he was in the war and has a good heart . 
 his blue coat still hangs on a peg in his room . 
 after pa dropped us off at home , he went to town to get the ailing man . 
 me , lorrie , and maddie moved our best bed , the rag one , to the main room by the fire so the man could be warm in his final days and enjoy a cheery hearth . 
 he was wrapped in a dirty blanket and groaning when pa carried him in . 
 he was a pitiful sight . 
 tooty sighed and turned the page . 
 harris opened her door . 
 `` mommy , i 'm hungry . '' 
 quickly , she slipped the diary in her drawer . 
 `` i got some sandwiches already made , honey pie . '' 
 chapter 8 : new york , new york miles ' mood did n't improve the next day . 
 he could n't even stand being around himself . 
 he rolled his chair to his bedroom window and watched tooty playing with harris in the plastic blow-up pool she 'd bought . 
 the only bright spot in his new situation was that now tooty got to spend time with harris and did n't look tired and overworked anymore . 
 maybe his mood was crappy , but it still made him feel good to have helped them . 
 he 'd already contacted his attorney to set up two trust funds . 
 he had n't told tooty , however , because he knew her pride would make her object . 
 he intended to convince her that his latest novel would n't be as exciting without her input . 
 he 'd make her feel like she 'd earned the trust fund money ; which she damn well had . 
 miles watched tooty jump up from sitting in the pool with harris and his breath caught . 
 her body was beautiful . 
 no longer a teenager 's body , she had the curves of a woman after putting on weight now that she was n't working day and night . 
 her unbound hair , wet and darkened by the water , stuck to her face and graceful neck . 
 harris grabbed one of her shapely legs and she pretended to fall back in the pool . 
 miles smiled and imagined himself whole and playing with them , lifting tooty into his arms and then plopping her in the water ; then doing the same with harris . 
 his dream only lasted a second before he shoved away from the window , feeling a soul pain worse than physical pain . 
 rolling to his bed , he hoisted out of his chair and tumbled across it . 
 slapping his arm over his eyes , he allowed his thoughts to turn morose -- dark night , curving road , laughing friends , drunken driver on their side of the road , horrible sounds of metal against metal , blackness , screams , pain , and then no pain . 
 after that , dead friends , months of rehab , more pain , football career forever lost , aching loneliness and solitude . 
 after the second year , he 'd even gone so far as to lift enough pills to his mouth to forever release his emotional pain . 
 with the glass to his lips , he had n't been able to follow through . 
 after spitting out the pills , he 'd gone into a three day crying jag . 
 after that , he 'd asked his sister to take him for a walk in central park . 
 when they 'd returned , he 'd dusted off his computer , fired it up , and started writing . 
 if he could n't play football , he could write . 
 writing had been his other passion . 
 just as he drifted to sleep his cell phone rang , jerking him back to reality . 
 rubbing his eyes , he looked at the caller id . 
 `` hello mighty agent , what 's up ? '' 
 `` i 'm calling to see how the final chapters are coming along . 
 i read the rewrite of the escape scene ... totally scintillating . 
 you 're going to have women hounding you to make love to them . '' 
 `` lucky them , '' miles replied sarcastically . 
 `` the other reason i 'm calling is because the publisher and the movie team want to have a joint powwow over several days . 
 hash out who the screenwriter will be and go over loose ends . 
 your presence is mandatory ; mine is too . '' 
 `` when is all this supposed to happen ? '' 
 `` the sooner the better . 
 the dates are in your ballpark . 
 think you might be able to come in the next two weeks ? '' 
 miles puffed air , `` yeah , sure . 
 i 'll call you tomorrow with specific dates . '' 
 `` okay , sounds good . 
 hey , you okay ? 
 you sound a little down in the dumps . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just want to get the book finished and take a vacation . 
 maybe spend time at my villa in france . '' 
 `` i can relate to that . 
 janet 's going to divorce me if we do n't go on vacation soon . 
 well , okay , i 'll wait for your call tomorrow . 
 oh , by the way , it was a great idea you had to finish the book in colorado . 
 must be peaceful and quiet because you 've been sending in some terrific stuff . '' 
 miles heard harris slam through the front door yelling for his mother to catch him . 
 `` yeah , it 's a great place to write , '' he responded , and winced when tooty yelled , `` i 'm comin ' ta get ya and throw ya back in the pool ! '' 
 * * * tooty picked up annabelle 's diary . 
 it was late and harris was sleeping with his new happy horse hugged to his chest . 
 she guessed miles was asleep , but maybe he was writing . 
 he 'd turned into a recluse , only coming out of his room to go to the bathroom or eat , and occasionally get some air on the front porch . 
 he had retreated into a shell , unlike the man who had directed and helped with repairs on her house . 
 she wanted to help him break out of his funk , but she did n't know how . 
 sighing sadly , she opened the fragile book to where she had left off reading . 
 pa laid the man on the bed and we girls set about cleaning him up . 
 he was burning with fever and the smell of his wounds made us gag . 
 his black hair was all knotted and had grown shaggy below his shoulders . 
 lorrie found an old nightshirt of pa 's and we did what had to be done in undressing and cleaning him . 
 he was skinny like a starving person . 
 maddie heated water and we washed him with the special soap pa had bought for ma one christmas . 
 i had to remove his nasty bandages and he whimpered in pain . 
 it broke my heart . 
 we put a special salve on the wounds that we use on humans and animals when there is infection . 
 afterward , we wrapped his stumps , covered him in newly washed blankets , and stoked the fire . 
 he seemed to rest better after that . 
 no one at the shelter knew his name when pa picked him up . 
 tooty swiped her eyes and sniffed . 
 monday , march 6 , 1865 i sat in the rocker by the fire most of the night watching the soldier . 
 i had to keep wetting rags to cool his raging fever . 
 while i was lifting his head off the pillow to change the pillowcase because it was soaked from his sweat , he opened his eyes and looked into mine . 
 in the firelight , his eyes were blue flames . 
 never have i seen such a beautiful shade . 
 he just looked at me and whispered , `` you must be an angel . '' 
 i 'll never forget his look . 
 the next few pages detailed daily care of `` blue eyes '' as annabelle now referred to him . 
 tooty set the diary back in her nightstand drawer . 
 as hard as it was , she 'd determined that she needed to follow beatrice 's instructions and not read too much in one sitting . 
 she intended to respect her wishes . 
 the next day , while harris was down for his nap , miles rolled into the living room . 
 she was so happy to see him she smiled brilliantly and jumped away from her desk . 
 `` let me get you a cup of coffee , miles . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` have you been getting lots of work done ? 
 you 've sure been in your room a lot . 
 would you like to sit on the porch and drink your coffee ? 
 i 'll join you if you want . '' 
 `` you know , that sounds nice . '' 
 he rolled toward the front door , opened it , and pushed onto the porch while tooty poured coffee for them . 
 he liked a little real cream in his and she made it to perfection . 
 she poured lots of cream in hers . 
 on the porch , she sat in the swing and pushed back and forth with her foot . 
 sipping their coffees , they gazed at tall pines , fluffy clouds , a soaring hawk , and enjoyed a tender breeze . 
 miles broke the silence . 
 `` i have to return to new york for awhile . '' 
 tooty 's heart sank . 
 `` how long will you be gone ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 my publisher and the movie moguls want to have a joint meeting and work out all the unresolved issues . 
 heck , we 're still fighting over the name of the book . '' 
 `` goodness . 
 what do you want the title to be ? '' 
 `` i 'm not exactly sure . 
 i 've been thinking escape at midnight might work . 
 it 's actually the last book i 'm writing in this series . 
 after six , i 'm tired of it . 
 i want to try something totally different . 
 believe it or not , i 'd like to write a comedy . '' 
 `` oh wow . 
 that never would have crossed my mind . 
 umm ... i hope that did n't sound rude . 
 it 's just that you 're so good at writing suspense thrillers i 'd never have guessed you 'd want to write a comedy . 
 of course , whatever you write will be wonderful , '' she added in a rush . 
 miles chuckled , `` tooty , you have a very nice way of being diplomatic . 
 thank you . 
 it may or may not be wonderful , but i 'll never know unless i give it a shot . 
 but getting back to the title of my book , what do you think would be appropriate ? '' 
 tooty responded immediately , `` anja . '' 
 `` you think i should give it the name of mac 's romantic interest ? '' 
 `` actually , she 's not his romantic interest . 
 the way you 're going with the storyline , she 's his soul mate , counterpart , other half . '' 
 `` tooty , you are an incorrigible romantic . 
 okay , i 'll consider naming the book anja . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yes , really . '' 
 tooty grinned and then asked , `` so , when do you think you 'll leave ? '' 
 `` in about a week . '' 
 `` harris and i will miss you , '' she said shyly . 
 miles lifted his cup to his lips and then brought it back to his knee , tapping the side of it with his index finger . 
 he seemed lost in thought . 
 tooty watched a second hawk soar into sight and now the two birds flew together in a lovely arc . 
 `` have you ever been to new york , tooty ? '' 
 `` goodness , no . 
 the furthest i 've been is los angeles when i was a kid . 
 mostly , all i remember is freeways and my mother yelling at my father to watch out for all the crazy california drivers . '' 
 miles did n't respond and tooty glanced at him . 
 unexpectedly , he asked , `` would you and harris like to come to new york with me ? 
 i still need a personal assistant . '' 
 `` i thought you already had an assistant in new york . '' 
 `` i do , but she has family issues at the moment and needs time off . '' 
 tooty 's heart jumped . 
 `` i ... i. . . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 embarrassed , she looked at her hands and chewed her lip . 
 `` i do n't have money for plane tickets . '' 
 miles shook his head . 
 `` do you really think i would make you pay for your own tickets ? 
 i asked you to come . 
 i 'll take care of all the costs . '' 
 `` but harris is n't an employee . '' 
 `` no , but his mother is , and she needs to be able to concentrate on my needs ... er business , and harris needs to be with her for her to do that . '' 
 excitement tinged tooty 's response . 
 `` you really want us to go ?! 
 that would be so cool . 
 i love the song new york , new york . 
 i 'll work really hard for you . '' 
 chapter 9 : harebrained idea the plane had been in the air an hour and harris had not stopped talking for more than two minutes . 
 miles closed his eyes and berated himself for having invited tooty and harris to new york . 
 what were you thinking ? 
 he answered his own question . 
 you were n't . 
 `` mister brightperson , are we almost there ? '' 
 harris asked for the fortieth time from his seat behind miles ' special accommodations in first class . 
 tooty said , `` brightman , harris , not brightperson . '' 
 `` no , son , not yet . '' 
 even in his irritation , miles could n't help but grin at the excitement in the child 's voice . 
 `` i got ta go to the bathroom , mommy , '' harris yelled loud enough for the passengers in coach to hear . 
 `` okay , harris . 
 let 's go . '' 
 after they returned , harris said , `` mister brightperson , are we almost there yet ? '' 
 * * * tooty held harris ' hand and followed miles through the maze of airport travelers . 
 both she and harris were stunned speechless at the enormity and grandeur of jfk international . 
 miles was talking to someone on his cell phone . 
 he said goodbye and then stopped his wheelchair . 
 `` this way is baggage claim . '' 
 tooty and harris followed him in the rush of passengers headed in the same direction . 
 while they waited for the baggage carousel to start its circular motion , miles explained , `` my driver is waiting outside the terminal . 
 he 'll take us to my penthouse and you 'll have the remainder of the day to unpack and rest , and tonight my parents and a friend are coming to dinner . '' 
 `` there 's ours , mommy ! '' 
 harris yelled , and pointed to two faded yellow suitcases that tooty had bought for a few bucks at a garage sale . 
 she lifted the luggage off the conveyor . 
 a few minutes later , miles lifted his expensive black leather one with telescoping handles . 
 he set it on his lap . 
 `` put harris ' suitcase on top of mine . 
 it 's small enough . '' 
 tooty did as he asked and then , holding harris ' hand while pulling her old suitcase on its wobbly wheels behind her , followed miles as he pushed the lever on his wheelchair and started forward . 
 after a long walk past airport shops and through bustling crowds focused on reaching their next destinations , they finally exited the terminal . 
 miles paused and scanned a line of limousines . 
 `` there 's my driver . '' 
 he pointed toward a tall , skinny , older man with slicked down gray hair peeking from beneath his chauffeur 's cap . 
 the distinguished looking driver hastened toward them . 
 `` good afternoon , sir . 
 it 's good to see you again . 
 i trust you had a pleasant flight . '' 
 the chauffeur glanced at tooty and harris standing beside miles . 
 `` yes , very nice . 
 it 's good to see you , too , harvey . 
 i 'd like you to meet miss tooty townsend and her son harris . 
 tooty is my personal assistant in colorado . 
 she 'll be working for me while we 're in new york . 
 tooty , this is harvey frankowitz . 
 you 'll meet myrna , his wife , at the house . '' 
 harvey bowed slightly . 
 `` my pleasure , miss townsend . 
 he looked at harris . 
 `` it 's a pleasure meeting you , too , harris . '' 
 a movement beyond the backseat window of the limousine caught everyone 's attention and harvey reached to open the door . 
 tooty watched a pair of slim , shapely legs and shiny red heels , swing toward the curb and a woman of exotic beauty step to the sidewalk . 
 `` hello , miles . 
 i 'm so happy you 're home . 
 i hope you do n't mind that i came along to meet you . 
 god , i 've missed you . '' 
 she bent and lightly grazed his lips , lingering a second , and then slid her finger across his mouth to remove her lipstick . 
 `` hello , monica . 
 i 'd like you to meet tooty townsend and harris . '' 
 still bending over miles , she turned her head to scan them from head to toe . 
 rising , she walked toward tooty and stretched out her hand . 
 `` i 'm pleased to meet you . 
 miles has told me about you and harris . 
 when he left for the wild west , i just knew he 'd have to hire a personal assistant . 
 my name is monica newport , and i guess you could say i 'm sort of a personal assistant , too . 
 i love helping miles . '' 
 she shook tooty 's hand and her eyes conveyed the true meaning behind her words . 
 `` i 'm happy to meet you , ma'am . '' 
 monica smiled , but there was no warmth in her eyes . 
 `` you must call me monica . '' 
 she looked at harris and he stepped behind his mother 's legs . 
 `` and you 're harris . 
 what a cute little boy , you are . '' 
 tooty pulled harris from behind her . 
 `` say hello to ms. newport , harris . '' 
 shyly , harris said , `` hello . 
 you got really red lips . '' 
 `` harris ! '' 
 tooty scolded . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 harris looked at the ground . 
 tooty noticed miles ' lips twitch , like he was trying not to laugh . 
 secretly , she agreed with harris , the woman 's lipstick was redder than a fire engine . 
 harvey punched his key fob and the trunk flipped open . 
 harris shouted , `` cool ! '' 
 pulling his mother 's hand he dragged her until they could watch the driver loading the baggage . 
 after that , harvey assisted everyone into the limousine and then loaded the wheelchair in the trunk . 
 during the drive through new york traffic , tooty sent surreptitious glances at miles and monica . 
 was she his girlfriend ? 
 jealousy twisted her gut and she chastised herself . 
 he 's too old for you , anyway . 
 besides that , he would n't give you a second glance . 
 monica reached to smooth a lock of miles ' coffee colored hair and tooty 's stomach dropped to the floor . 
 she concentrated on harris , his head swinging back and forth between all the windows trying to take in everything -- crowds , vendors , cabs , limousines , billboards , tall buildings , glittery storefronts . 
 * * * miles was relieved when harvey pulled the limo to the entrance of his building . 
 monica 's constant touching was starting to irritate him . 
 the doorman hastened to page a porter while harvey unloaded the wheelchair and helped miles into it . 
 after the porter had loaded a cart with their belongings , miles led the group to the elevator that would take them to his penthouse . 
 secretly , he smiled at the amazement on tooty 's face as she towed an excited harris alongside . 
 it was silly , but he was proud to show what years of hard work had accomplished . 
 although born into wealth , he had insisted on becoming successful on his own terms . 
 for years , he had lived in a small flat while writing his novels and hoping for a break . 
 that break had materialized when he was twenty-five with his first bestseller . 
 after that , there had been three more hits and then he 'd started the macrighteous series . 
 he almost smiled at the irony of possibly writing his best selling novel to date in a humble home in the woods of colorado . 
 during the elevator ride , monica kept her hand possessively on his shoulder . 
 if he did n't know better , he 'd think she was jealous of tooty . 
 harvey 's wife , myrna , met them at the door and he made introductions . 
 the full-figured woman said , `` i 'm so happy you 're back , sir . 
 i 'm making one of your favorite foods for dinner , shrimp tortellini . '' 
 she looked at tooty and harris . 
 `` and please call me myrna . 
 when you 're ready , i 'll show you to your room . 
 it 's lovely and has wonderful views . 
 you must be tired from your long flight . '' 
 tooty said , `` thank you , '' and glanced at miles . 
 he said , `` you rest and unpack . 
 why do n't we meet in the living room at five ? 
 after dinner i 'll show you around the apartment and the office you 'll use while you 're here . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 miles watched her smile sweetly , reach for harris ' hand , and follow myrna . 
 his heart thumped at her smile . 
 he glanced up to see monica watching him . 
 he said , `` so , tell me what you 've been up to , love . '' 
 she warmed at his endearment and followed him into the library . 
 * * * tooty followed myrna into a magnificent bedroom . 
 it was n't overly large , but it looked like a glossy from a designer magazine . 
 harris ran to the floor to ceiling windows . 
 `` wow ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` we 're way up high ! '' 
 `` you certainly are . 
 this is the sixty-fifth floor . '' 
 myrna pointed , `` and there 's the empire state building . '' 
 tooty gazed over the city , happy that she and harris would have an adventure to talk about for the rest of their lives . 
 harris giggled , `` the cars are so tiny down there . '' 
 myrna said , `` wait until tonight and you see all the lights from those tiny cars . '' 
 tooty turned from the window . 
 `` this room is amazing . '' 
 `` yes , mr. brightman has exquisite taste . 
 he worked closely with ms. newport . 
 she was the interior designer . '' 
 tooty kept a smile plastered across her face , but felt her stomach drop again . 
 the sophisticated monica who had captured miles attention was also a successful career woman . 
 she glanced back around the room and did n't like it so much anymore . 
 it had a kind of cold feeling . 
 myrna left after showing tooty an intercom near the door that was connected to the kitchen . 
 `` anything you need , you just call me . '' 
 getting harris to settle down with his favorite toy took some doing , but after a few admonishments , he finally cuddled into a ball hugging his happy horse to his heart and went soundly to sleep . 
 tooty brushed her fingers across his brow . 
 i love you , harris . 
 you 're the best screw up i ever did . 
 i would n't change anything . 
 i wish you had your heart 's desire -- a daddy . 
 after unpacking their clothing , she lay beside harris , but she was too keyed up to rest . 
 reaching into her oversized purse , she pulled out the little box protecting annabelle 's diary . 
 her heartbeat quickened . 
 was the wounded soldier going to live ? 
 monday , march 27 , 1865 everyday has been a battle to keep the soldier alive . 
 sometimes , i ca n't seem to feel his heartbeat and i fear he has gone to heaven , for surely heaven will be his home after suffering so much in this life . 
 we 've had to pour liquor on his wounds several times because of the infection . 
 afterwards , i always run outside and cry my eyes out . 
 he tries not to yell , but the pain is too much and he does . 
 tears fall from his eyes and he brushes them quickly away . 
 everyday , i sit beside him stroking his face and hair with a cool cloth . 
 sometimes he opens his eyes and i 'm blessed to see their blueness . 
 wednesday , march 29 , 1865 today i awoke in the rocking chair by the fire to see blue eyes staring at me . 
 his eyes always make me breathless . 
 it 's like he can see into my innards . 
 i just stared back until i realized he was lucid and not perspiring with fever . 
 i jumped out of the chair and went to feel his forehead . 
 it was cool . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 just stared at me and then closed his eyes again , falling back to sleep . 
 the rest of the day he slept peaceful and his stumps looked much better . 
 the redness and swelling is disappearing . 
 one leg is gone just below the knee , the other just above the knee . 
 it takes all my willpower when i 'm around him to keep from crying at seeing someone in such dire straights . 
 thursday , march 30 , 1865 today , i found out the soldier 's name . 
 i 'd just brought some broth to feed him and he was already awake . 
 he 'd pushed himself up to almost a sitting position and when i sat on the edge of the bed to spoon feed him , he said , barely above a whisper , `` i 'll do it . '' 
 his hands shook terribly when he held the bowl and he handed it back to me . 
 he looked so sad when i fed him that i wanted to cry . 
 i can only imagine how difficult it is to be so helpless . 
 i asked him his name and he whispered , eli riles . 
 he thanked me for helping him and then said he was n't hungry and closed his eyes . 
 i think he 's got that depression on him like pa had after ma died . 
 tooty felt her mind drifting and put the diary back in its box . 
 snuggling up to harris , she fell asleep , dreaming of annabelle and eli . 
 little hands grasped her shoulder and pushed it back and forth . 
 `` mommy , wake up . 
 wake up . '' 
 she rolled over and pretended to still be sleeping , and just when harris least expected it , jumped up , grabbed him , and tickled . 
 he laughed his wonderful laugh and she tickled more . 
 `` come on , little man , let 's clean up and check things out . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 this place is cool . '' 
 tooty set him in front of her and knelt . 
 `` harris , i want you to watch the things you say . 
 things like asking men to be your daddy or telling ladies their lipstick is really red . 
 if you 're not sure what you want to say is okay , i want you to tug on my hand so you can whisper it in my ear . 
 i 'll let you know . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` okay , mommy . 
 i promise . '' 
 tooty ruffled his hair and went to find a change of clothes for them . 
 removing her levis and western blouse with front snaps , she opted for a short sleeve shirt dress with tiny yellow flowers in a swirling pattern . 
 it buttoned down the front with yellow buttons and had a yellow plastic belt . 
 since she rarely wore dresses , she sighed when she twirled in front of the floor to ceiling mirror in the adjoining bathroom . 
 it 's kinda cute , i guess . 
 dressing harris in a nice pair of slacks and starched white shirt , she washed his face and combed his silky brown hair back with water . 
 it was a little on the longish side , but she hated cutting his curls . 
 finally , washing her own face and combing her hair into a low ponytail at the nape of her neck with a yellow ribbon , and then digging into her makeup bag for an eyebrow pencil that still had some lead , she gave herself some arched brows . 
 adding blush , a hint of brown eye shadow , and pink lipstick , she tilted her head back and forth , studying her reflection . 
 then she visualized monica 's flawlessness . 
 jeez , the woman was older than tooty and did n't have nary a wrinkle . 
 tooty scrunched her face until she could see tiny crinkles at the corners of her mouth and eyes . 
 maybe monica 's an alien from the `` perfect face '' world . 
 she laughed at her own silliness and grabbed harris ' hand . 
 `` come on , i 'm hungry . '' 
 `` me , too . 
 i hope they have bascetti . '' 
 tooty smiled at harris ' word for spaghetti . 
 following the hallway to the front of the house , tooty heard voices and inhaled a calming breath before rounding the corner with harris . 
 when she did , she saw miles in his wheelchair with monica standing beside him wearing a wraparound fiery red silk dress that hugged her petite curvy figure . 
 it matched her lipstick . 
 she had her hand on his shoulder . 
 tooty squared her shoulders in her gauche country dress and pasted a smile on her face . 
 sitting opposite miles on a cream colored divan was an older couple . 
 the man wore a gray suit and matching gray tie and the woman a beautiful suit the same cream color as the couch . 
 even her hair and earrings were cream colored . 
 the couple looked fit and trim and everyone glanced up when she entered . 
 inadvertently , she squeezed harris ' hand and he said , `` ouch , mommy . '' 
 loosening her grip , she walked further into the room . 
 `` hello , tooty and harris . 
 were you able to rest ? '' 
 asked miles . 
 `` yes , thank you . '' 
 harris said , `` i like the big windows in the bedroom . 
 the cars are really tiny . '' 
 miles grinned . 
 `` i like the big windows myself . '' 
 he looked toward the older couple . 
 `` mom , dad , i 'd like you to meet tooty townsend and her son , harris . 
 tooty is my personal assistant in colorado and she 'll be helping me while we 're in new york . 
 tooty , please meet my parents , brad and vivienne brightman . '' 
 mr. brightman stood . 
 `` it 's a pleasure meeting you , toot-tooty . '' 
 harris giggled when mr. brightman stumbled over her name . 
 no doubt he 'd tease her about it later . 
 tooty stepped forward , pulling harris with her . 
 `` i 'm really happy to meet ya 'll . '' 
 she stuck out her hand . 
 `` say hello , harris . '' 
 harris grinned and stuck out his hand , imitating his mother . 
 `` me too . 
 i 'm happy , too . '' 
 the couple took turns shaking their hands and both of them looked like they were forcing smiles . 
 she had an instant dislike . 
 myrna saved the awkward moment when she stepped into the room to announce dinner . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 harris exclaimed . 
 `` is it bascetti ? '' 
 tooty grinned . 
 `` he means spaghetti . '' 
 myrna smiled . 
 `` no , not tonight ; maybe tomorrow night . '' 
 she winked and tooty liked her even more . 
 miles motioned for everyone to precede him to the dining room and tooty almost groaned aloud when she saw the elegant room and beautiful place settings . 
 she and harris were as out of place here as a bull in a dress shop . 
 miles wheeled his chair to the head of the table and motioned his mother and father to either side of him . 
 monica sat beside his mother and tooty sat beside his father with harris next to her . 
 tooty pushed harris ' hands into his lap when he started playing with his forks . 
 myrna and harvey wheeled food carts into the room and began serving everyone . 
 tooty looked at the tray of ugly fish eggs and declined . 
 harris said , `` yuck ! '' 
 and tooty kneed him under the table . 
 `` ouch , mommy . '' 
 * * * miles lifted his napkin to hide his grin at the look on tooty 's face when myrna had asked if she wanted caviar . 
 he had to cough to hide his laugh when harris gave her up for poking him under the table . 
 he made a mental note to make sure myrna prepared spaghetti the next night . 
 monica was speaking , `` miles , please put us out of our misery and give us some tidbit about your upcoming book . '' 
 miles wished she had n't asked . 
 he did n't feel like talking about himself . 
 he simply said , `` it 's coming along well . 
 i 've added more of a romantic slant , thanks to tooty 's suggestion , and it 's actually going to be the final book in the series . 
 i believe it 's time to move on to something fresh . '' 
 monica looked at tooty , `` hmm . 
 more romance . 
 i think i like that . 
 although personally , miles has no problem in that area , '' she said slyly . 
 miles wanted to groan . 
 sometimes the woman was a pain in the ass . 
 they 'd had a light romantic relationship for over two years and her company was beginning to wear thin . 
 his father said , `` how is the movie aspect coming along ? 
 are you going to do the screenwriting ? '' 
 `` actually , no . 
 there are many competent screenwriters . 
 like i said , i want to concentrate on writing in a fresh genre . '' 
 `` that sounds intriguing , son . 
 do you want to reveal the genre ? '' 
 `` i was thinking of writing a comedy , but now i 'm debating about writing a romance . 
 i like the books of nicolas sparks . '' 
 mr. brightman coughed . 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 it would be a challenge and i could fall flat on my ass . '' 
 his mother interrupted . 
 `` why take that chance when what you write sells so well ? '' 
 `` at this point in my life , it 's all about the challenge , and writing a comedy or a romance would certainly challenge me . '' 
 he watched harris pushing his food around on his plate and giving tooty a look that clearly showed his distaste for it . 
 he rang the bell beside his glass and myrna rushed into the room . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 are you ready for the next course ? '' 
 he motioned her forward and crooked his finger so he could whisper in her ear . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i understand . '' 
 he returned his attention to his mother . 
 `` it 's too bad cecelia could n't make it . '' 
 `` i know . 
 she 's excited that you 're back and intends to drop by this week , but you know your sister , always on the go and busy with some charity project . 
 i think she 's doing something with the big bro and big sis organization . '' 
 polite conversation continued and miles watched harris grow antsier while tooty tried to get him to eat something . 
 finally , myrna returned carrying another plate . 
 lifting the offending plate from in front of harris , she replaced it with the one in her hand boasting a big hotdog . 
 his eyes rounded and he said , `` oh , yeah . '' 
 he started to pick it up , but looked at his mom . 
 `` you want half , mommy . 
 you do n't have to eat this weird food . 
 i 'll share . '' 
 miles ' mother gasped and monica gave the child a stern look . 
 miles laughed . 
 `` tomorrow , we 're having bascetti . '' 
 when tooty gave him a grateful look and smile , he felt like he 'd committed an act of valor . 
 maybe his harebrained idea of inviting her and harris to new york was n't so harebrained after all . 
 they lightened what would have otherwise been a stodgy dinner party . 
 chapter 10 : midnight snack tooty 's stomach growled loudly . 
 she 'd wanted to accept harris ' offer of half of his hot dog , but that would have been just too rude . 
 her stomach growled again . 
 she glanced at the clock -- one . 
 surely , no one would be up now and she could grab a slice of bread or something . 
 she slipped out of bed and reached for her old housecoat to throw over her even older flannel pajamas . 
 tiptoeing toward the kitchen , she passed the other bedrooms . 
 she wondered if monica was in miles ' bedroom . 
 the thought made her queasy . 
 after dinner monica had accompanied miles while he 'd taken tooty and harris on a tour of his home . 
 she 'd still been there when tooty had clasped harris ' hand and bid everyone goodnight . 
 she reached the kitchen , but instead of busting in , she decided to peek around the corner just in case someone was being a night owl like her . 
 omg ! 
 she ducked her head back . 
 miles was in there with monica ! 
 and the woman was still wearing red . 
 only this time it was a silk clinger that reached mid thigh and hung open to the belted waist . 
 there was also a wine bottle on the island and wine glasses . 
 oh , golly . 
 miles ' shirt was unbuttoned and monica was bending over kissing him while stroking his naked chest . 
 god help her , she wanted to peek again . 
 slinking back to her room she walked to the windows to stare out over the city . 
 she sniffed . 
 so what if they were doing the dirty . 
 what did she care ? 
 she 'd wondered if he was capable in that department . 
 now she knew . 
 he sure looked sexy . 
 he 's got a great body . 
 stop it ! 
 opening the box with the diary , tooty crawled back into bed , tucked the covers around harris , and read the next entry . 
 friday , march 31 , 1865 eli slept real good last night . 
 he woke once and told me to go to bed . 
 he said i needed to sleep in a real bed and not the chair . 
 he seemed agitated when i said i did n't want to , so i went to bed to please him . 
 i did n't wake until after it was light . 
 pa was taking the chamber pot out the door to dump when i got up . 
 eli was just staring at the ceiling and he did n't say anything when i said hello , or even when i changed his bandages . 
 it made me sad . 
 all day he remained quiet . 
 after supper i decided to read to him . 
 i pulled out my favorite book , pride and prejudice . 
 tooty read a few more entries . 
 the last one really piqued her interest . 
 monday , april 10 , 1865 eli has been eating good for several days now and he has no more infection . 
 his stumps are almost completely healed . 
 he pushes himself into a sitting position most of the day . 
 he even sits at the side of the bed sometimes . 
 although he does n't talk much , i think i see some kind of enjoyment in his eyes when i read to him every night . 
 when i was in town today with pa , i asked mr. maddox at the general store about those fancy chairs for people who ca n't walk . 
 he let me tear a picture out of one of the catalogues . 
 i took it to jed , the blacksmith , to see if he could build one . 
 he said he could and that he 'd only charge me for the materials . 
 i asked him how much and he gave a price that was more than what i have saved up , but i told him to build it anyway . 
 i 'll just take in more mending and washing . 
 i hope i have enough money by the time he 's done . 
 if not , i 'll ask him to let me pay it over time . 
 the next morning , tooty could n't bring herself to look directly into miles ' eyes . 
 whenever she tried , she felt her face turn all shades of pink . 
 he motioned for her to follow him to his office . 
 `` go ahead and sit behind the desk . 
 i 've got the computer ready to go . 
 you can check emails first and then proofread after that . '' 
 tooty sat in the expensive leather chair and tapped on the keyboard . 
 miles started to wheel his chair around , but paused . 
 `` tooty , are you okay ? 
 you seem kind of subdued . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm fine , '' she lied . 
 `` just getting used to being away from home . '' 
 `` you 're not worried about harris , are you ? 
 myrna will take good care of him . '' 
 `` of course not . 
 i know he 's having a blast helping her bake cookies . '' 
 miles studied her face and she still refused to meet his eyes . 
 finally , he said he had meetings the rest of the day and that evening . 
 he said he 'd see her tomorrow and they 'd go sightseeing . 
 she wondered if monica was included in his evening 's activities or if she was going to join them tomorrow . 
 tooty sure hoped not . 
 chapter 11 : sightseeing harris was up almost at the crack of dawn . 
 `` mister brightperson said he 's gon na take us to some fun places today . '' 
 `` brightman , harris . '' 
 in his pajamas , harris jumped up and down on the bed . 
 `` is it time to go yet , mommy ? '' 
 `` not yet , sweetie . 
 i do n't think anyone 's up . '' 
 tooty stretched and grinned at her sweet little son . 
 `` come give mommy a hug . '' 
 she held her arms open and harris plopped into them . 
 `` i love you , mommy . 
 you 're the bestest ! '' 
 `` harris , you 're the bestest , too ! '' 
 `` i sure hope the lady who always wears red and the old people do n't go with us . 
 they 're not fun . '' 
 silently , tooty agreed . 
 `` hey , why do n't you grab your storybook and i 'll read to you for awhile . 
 then we 'll get dressed . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 harris jumped off the bed and darted to his backpack . 
 as tooty had known , before she finished reading , he 'd fallen back to sleep . 
 snuggling with him , she drifted , too . 
 tooty glanced at the clock ; seven . 
 at least they 'd gotten some more rest . 
 she slipped from the bed to decide what she and harris should wear for their special day . 
 the dress she 'd worn the night of the dinner with monica and miles ' parents had been a disaster compared to their refined duds . 
 she looked at her selection and laughed . 
 she was a country girl through and through , no doubt about it . 
 chuckling , she grabbed a pair of levis and peasant blouse with a draw string closure and headed into the bathroom for a shower . 
 harris walked in as she was tucking her blouse into her waistband . 
 `` you look pretty , mommy . '' 
 she slipped her belt with its buckle of polished stones into the loops of her jeans . 
 `` thanks , honey . 
 i laid some clothes out for you on the chair . 
 run get dressed and then come back and brush your teeth . 
 we have a big day ahead of us . '' 
 harris happily obeyed and tooty gave herself one last glance in the mirror . 
 i am who i am and i do n't apologize . 
 instead of opting for boots , she slipped on tennis shoes -- not quite a fashion statement . 
 by the time she 'd applied a little blusher , brows and lipstick , harris was back and talking a mile a minute . 
 tooty wet a comb and pulled it through his unruly curls . 
 shortly before eight , she held harris ' hand and they followed the hallway to the living room and then passed through the dining room and into the kitchen . 
 myrna was bustling around opening cupboards and pulling out dishes . 
 `` good morning , '' she said cheerily . 
 `` i 'll have breakfast ready in a jiffy . 
 mr. brightman said i was to make pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream for harris . '' 
 harris grinned , `` oh , boy ! '' 
 `` would you like the same , tooty ? 
 i can make you an omelette if you prefer ? '' 
 `` i 'd love the pancakes and strawberries . '' 
 `` can i pour you a cup of coffee ? '' 
 `` yes , please . '' 
 `` harris , would you like some orange juice or apple juice ? '' 
 myrna asked , and walked to the fridge after she handed tooty her coffee . 
 `` i 'd like orange juice . '' 
 tooty raised an eyebrow . 
 `` please , '' he added . 
 `` what can i do to help ? '' 
 tooty asked myrna . 
 `` goodness , nothing . 
 you 're guests . 
 just take a seat at the bar . '' 
 tooty pulled out bar stools and harris climbed onto one . 
 she glanced around the beautiful kitchen that had a hominess lacking in the rest of the house , and then watched myrna 's efficiency as she stirred batter , got the griddle just the right temperature , and created pancakes worthy of a blue ribbon . 
 harris ' eyes got real big when she set a masterpiece in front of him . 
 tooty laughed , `` it 's almost too pretty to eat . '' 
 `` but after one bite , you wo n't be able to stop , '' said miles from the doorway . 
 tooty 's heart somersaulted and she turned to greet him . 
 `` good morning , miles , '' said myrna . 
 `` i 'll have pancakes ready for you and tooty in no time . '' 
 miles rolled to a section of the island that had been designed specifically to accommodate his chair . 
 `` did you sleep well , tooty ? '' 
 `` yes -- '' `` when do we get to go have fun ? '' 
 harris interrupted . 
 `` harris , it 's not polite to interrupt people when they 're talking , '' tooty reminded him . 
 harris said with his mouthful , `` sorry , mommy . '' 
 myrna poured batter on the griddle and it sizzled . 
 miles sipped the coffee myrna had placed in front of him . 
 `` after we eat we 'll head out for the day . 
 how would you like to go to the zoo ? '' 
 harris bounced in his chair . 
 `` yes ! 
 i love animals ! '' 
 miles looked at tooty , `` is that okay with you ? '' 
 `` oh , yes , we 'd love to go to the zoo ! '' 
 while they were eating , harvey joined them and miles gave him instructions . 
 shortly after breakfast , they exited the building and climbed into the limousine . 
 tooty felt an overwhelming sense of relief when no one joined them . 
 it looked like it was just her , harris , and miles spending the day together . 
 and what a day it turned out to be . 
 the zoo was in central park and they spent a couple of hours visiting fabulous environments mimicking natural habitats . 
 harris loved the polar bears , penguins , ants , snakes , and especially the apes and monkeys . 
 when he got tired , miles set him on his lap and wheeled him around , which harris loved . 
 tooty took lots of pictures with a disposable camera . 
 for lunch , miles bought them hotdogs and sodas . 
 afterward , he took them to a carousel . 
 tooty lifted harris onto an ornate white horse with blue gingerbread strappings and climbed onto the one next to him decorated with red . 
 together they sailed round and round . 
 laughing , she waved and grinned at miles as they whizzed past . 
 after riding the carousel , miles took them to a magnificent tree lined walkway . 
 `` this is called the literary walk . '' 
 while harris dozed on miles ' lap , they perused the many statutes -- shakespeare , robert burns , sir walter scott , christopher columbus . 
 miles paused beside a bench and tooty sat down . 
 `` are you getting tired ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` oh , no . 
 i 'm having a lovely day . 
 thank you for taking time to show us around . 
 i know you 're very busy . '' 
 miles studied her face but did n't reply . 
 they sat in peaceful reflection until harris stirred and asked where they were going next . 
 miles grinned , `` i think you 'll like this . '' 
 he pressed the lever on his wheelchair with one hand and lifted his cell phone with the other . 
 `` we 're on our way , '' he said to someone and hung up . 
 tooty gave him a questioning look but he only smiled back . 
 harris said , `` i can walk now . '' 
 miles stopped his wheelchair and harris jumped off his lap . 
 after a pit stop at the bathroom they continued on to a secret location . 
 harris shouted , `` look at that ! '' 
 he ran forward and tooty rushed after him . 
 she heard miles chuckle . 
 a lovely pond with miniature boats sailing across it had captured harris ' attention . 
 he rushed to the edge with such an expression of wonder that tooty felt her heart expand . 
 all children should experience days like today . 
 miles rolled next to them . 
 `` this pond is called conservatory water . 
 i used to come here as a child and sail my boat . '' 
 he looked past tooty and nodded at someone . 
 she turned around . 
 harvey walked toward them with a big grin and carrying a miniature sailboat . 
 harris ' eyes got big and he said , `` wow , you got a nice boat . '' 
 harvey handed the boat to miles and harris jumped from one leg to the other . 
 `` you gon na put it in the water , mister brightperson ? '' 
 `` actually , harris , i was thinking you should put it in the water , because it 's your boat . '' 
 he handed it to harris . 
 tooty lifted a hand to her mouth to keep from shouting her joy . 
 harris reached for and held the boat as if it were a newborn kitten . 
 while miles explained the remote control , tooty gulped back tears . 
 for the rest of the afternoon , she sat on a bench and thrilled at watching harris , miles , and harvey steer the sailboat around the pond . 
 she even gave it a try herself . 
 as the day waned , and harris showed signs of exhaustion , miles handed the boat to harvey and lifted harris onto his lap again . 
 harvey hurried away while tooty strolled leisurely with miles back to the limo . 
 `` i think this is the best day harris has ever had , '' she said sincerely . 
 `` actually , it 's one of the best days i 've ever had , too . '' 
 `` i 'm glad , '' miles said softly . 
 they paused to let some tourists pass and in a spontaneous gesture , tooty bent and kissed his cheek . 
 `` thank you for today . '' 
 chapter 12 : family history tooty heard voices and looked up from the computer screen to see monica and mrs. brightman enter miles ' office . 
 she pasted on a smile . 
 however , knowing that she was leaving new york the next day made her happy , so her smile turned into a genuine one . 
 `` hello tooty , '' said monica with fake enthusiasm . 
 mrs. brightman gave her a stiff nod . 
 `` good morning , monica , mrs. brightman . '' 
 monica continued , `` we 'd like you to join us for lunch today . '' 
 `` oh , thank you , but really i ca n't . 
 i need to finish -- '' `` we 're not taking no for an answer . 
 we insist . 
 in fact , we 've already talked to myrna and she 's more than willing to watch harris . 
 you 're leaving tomorrow and we have n't spent time with you . 
 we 'll be waiting at the limo at noon . 
 harvey will have it pulled to the front of the building . '' 
 mrs. brightman agreed , `` yes , we insist . 
 besides , miles would want us to have a girls ' day out , and you 'll get to meet his sister , cecelia . 
 oh , and you should probably wear a dress . 
 the one you wore the other night would be fine . '' 
 before tooty could voice another objection , the women forced more fake smiles and said a hasty goodbye . 
 tooty wondered if she should develop a headache . 
 the ladies obviously did n't like her so why had they invited her to lunch ? 
 she sighed and decided to join them because it was miles ' mother and his girlfriend . 
 she would do it out of respect for him . 
 shortly before noon she changed her clothes and walked to the kitchen to kiss harris goodbye . 
 myrna was setting a bowl of macaroni and cheese in front of him and tooty longed to join them . 
 the food looked and smelled delicious , and she would have enjoyed chatting with myrna . 
 sighing , she kissed her little guy and headed toward the elevator clutching her purse . 
 she wondered what lunch would cost . 
 she had a whopping fifty-six dollars and eleven cents . 
 a few minutes before twelve , she walked past the glass door held open by the doorman . 
 scanning the curb , she caught sight of harvey standing beside miles ' limo . 
 he waved and she rushed toward him . 
 he opened the door and she ducked inside . 
 uh oh . 
 monica , dressed in a beautiful two piece beige suit that was cut to the top swell of her breasts , with a red silk scarf draped around her neck , looked like an ad for a magazine that could be titled , successful ! 
 beautiful me ! 
 mrs. brightman personified the same look , only in an older version , in her striking black suit and beige silk blouse . 
 tooty grimaced as she smoothed her hand down her cotton shirt dress with its dainty yellow flowers and matching plastic belt . 
 she wanted to leap from the car and change her clothes , except what would she change into , her best pair of levis ? 
 monica patted tooty 's knee . 
 `` you look lovely . 
 we 're going to have such a nice time getting to know you . '' 
 harvey pulled the limo smoothly into traffic and tooty dug her fingernails into her palms . 
 she had a feeling monica and mrs. brightman had done this on purpose and she could only wonder why . 
 after a start-and-stop drive through traffic , harvey pulled to the front of a posh restaurant and opened the door for them . 
 monica and mrs. brightman exited and tooty followed . 
 just as she stepped forward , harvey touched her elbow and whispered , `` you look lovely . '' 
 his sweet words -- meant to encourage -- did just that . 
 she lifted her head and followed her hostesses . 
 inside , they were met by the maitre d' and shown to a lovely table in an outdoor garden . 
 tooty was surprised to see miles at the table with a woman dressed rather casually , considering the attire of monica and his mother . 
 she noted the surprised look on his face when he saw her . 
 he did n't know i was coming . 
 he quickly masked his surprise . 
 `` tooty , i 'm so glad you 're here . '' 
 his words seemed genuine . 
 `` i 'd like you to meet my sister , cecelia . '' 
 cecelia clasped tooty 's hand . 
 `` i 'm happy to meet you . 
 miles has told me wonderful things about you and harris . 
 when monica called earlier and invited me and miles to lunch , she did n't mention you would be here . 
 i 'm so glad we came . 
 i just got back into town and i understand you 're leaving tomorrow . 
 for sure , i 'm stopping by tonight to meet harris . '' 
 tooty liked cecelia immediately . 
 her smile was infectious and she clearly doted on her brother . 
 their waiter hovered and took drink orders . 
 monica ordered a fancy cocktail , as did mrs. brightman . 
 when the waiter asked tooty what she wanted for her beverage , she shyly said , `` iced tea , please . '' 
 cecelia said , `` tea sounds great . 
 i 'd like some , too . '' 
 miles ordered a cup of coffee . 
 after the menus were distributed , tooty looked at the prices and almost fainted . 
 about the only thing she could afford , and still have a few dollars left over for traveling home , was a small salad . 
 miles said , `` ladies , lunch is on me and i want you to order whatever you want . '' 
 tooty was n't fooled ; he knew she could n't afford to eat there . 
 she felt her face turn pink . 
 monica and mrs. brightman ordered the most expensive meals on the menu . 
 tooty waited for cecelia to order and sighed with relief when she asked for a caesar salad . 
 tooty ordered the same . 
 miles ordered a pasta dish with soup and salad . 
 throughout lunch , tooty glanced around the restaurant and felt like a guppy in the midst of koi fish . 
 she looked exactly like what she was , a country girl plopped amongst elegant , sophisticated city folk . 
 although cecelia was dressed casually , her every word and action fit in with the restaurant patrons . 
 tooty felt miles watching her and she did her best to keep from knocking her tea over in her nervousness . 
 monica placed the tip of her french manicured index finger on miles ' hand , and said , `` i have tickets to la fille du régiment at the metropolitan . 
 hopefully , you 'll be back from colorado by then . 
 i know how much you 've wanted to see this opera . '' 
 he looked from monica to tooty , `` i may be back in time . 
 i 'm not sure . '' 
 mrs. brightman said , `` everyone 's been asking about you at the country club . 
 when you return , the members want to have a gathering in your honor . '' 
 `` that 's nice ; but not necessary . 
 you know i 'm not into that sort of thing . '' 
 `` well , that may be so , but it does n't stop your admirers from wanting to celebrate your return from the wild west . '' 
 there was an uncomfortable silence and cecelia said , `` so , miles , dad tells me you 're considering writing a romance in the vein of nicolas sparks . 
 i think that 's wonderful . 
 what made you want to do that ? '' 
 miles gave his sister a look of appreciation . 
 `` actually , tooty talked me into including romance in the final macrighteous book and i kind of liked it . 
 writing in that genre would certainly be a stretch for me and i need a challenge . '' 
 cecelia looked at tooty . 
 `` i 've been telling miles he needs to write in a different genre for years . 
 finally , he 's met someone to whom he 'll listen . 
 thanks , tooty . '' 
 tooty smiled at cecelia and chanced a glance at monica . 
 her eyes sparked contempt . 
 by the time lunch was over , tooty felt certain monica and mrs. brightman had asked her to join them for the purpose of making her realize just how lacking she was in refinement . 
 hell , she did n't need this lunch to show her that . 
 the only bright spot in the whole affair had been meeting cecelia . 
 after lunch , miles and his sister bid hasty goodbyes because they both had pressing appointments . 
 during the return ride to the penthouse , after a lengthy silence , monica said bluntly , but dripping with fake sweetness , `` tooty , i hope you do n't have any romantic illusions about miles . 
 you 're young and he 's worldly and successful . 
 i can understand how that might turn your head . '' 
 tooty looked at her dumbfounded , unable to believe her ears . 
 monica continued , `` miles and i have been seeing each other for a long time and i expect we 'll marry . 
 he 's had other women fall for him , and it breaks my heart to see them hurt when they realize he 's already taken . '' 
 mrs. brightman nodded her agreement . 
 tooty gazed out her window and garnered her courage . 
 finally , she turned and looked at them both dead on . 
 `` you really did n't need to go to all this trouble to make me feel uncomfortable in your social circle . 
 i am miles ' personal assistant , nothing more . 
 by your warning , it appears , however , that you 're not as sure of your relationship as you profess . 
 otherwise , you would n't need to keep reinforcing it with me . 
 please do yourself , and me , a favor and stop trying to convince me of my unsuitability for miles . 
 i think i know that better than anyone , and it only makes you appear jealous and spiteful . '' 
 mrs. brightman gasped and monica narrowed her wrinkleless eyes at tooty . 
 before monica could respond , the limo stopped and tooty jerked open her door and jumped out . 
 without a backward glance , she walked into the building and rode the elevator to the penthouse . 
 that night , tooty and harris ate supper in the kitchen and enjoyed myrna and harvey 's company . 
 miles had called and said he would n't be home until late . 
 while myrna served hot apple pie with vanilla ice cream , the intercom buzzed and cecelia said she was on her way up . 
 after she joined them , she hugged myrna and harvey and then turned her attention to tooty and harris , warmly greeting them . 
 she handed harris a small wrapped gift . 
 his eyes got big when he unwrapped a miniature race car . 
 `` i been wantin ' a car like this ! '' 
 he rolled it on the island countertop . 
 `` what do you say , harris , '' tooty prompted . 
 `` thank you , ms. cela . '' 
 he could n't quite pronounce her name , but it was close enough . 
 after tooty tucked harris into bed , she came back to visit with cecelia in the living room . 
 miles ' sister was holding a family album when she entered . 
 she patted the spot beside her on the couch and tooty sat down . 
 thumbing through the pages , she pointed out pictures of her and miles as children . 
 `` we were always in trouble . 
 our parents did the best they could to refine us , but i think they finally gave up . '' 
 she pointed to a picture of her parents standing on a sailboat . 
 `` please do n't let my mother and father scare you . 
 they can be off putting at best , but i know their hearts . 
 they love miles dearly and went through hell after his accident . 
 their idea of what 's best for him , however , is n't really what 's best for him . 
 maybe someday they 'll understand that . '' 
 she sighed , and then turned to more pictures . 
 when she reached a picture of miles in his wheelchair with a young woman sitting on his lap , she sighed again . 
 `` this is alexa . 
 miles became engaged to her when he was thirty and she was nineteen . 
 he met her when she was seventeen and waited for her to grow up before initiating anything . 
 her parents are very wealthy and well connected . 
 miles loved her dearly and she loved him ... '' cecelia paused , '' ... but not enough to fight for him when her parents came against their engagement . 
 she finally called it off and sent miles into a spiral of depression . 
 he 'd been doing so well for years , but this was just too much . 
 i think that 's why he has n't allowed another woman into his life . 
 oh , he sees monica , but that 's strictly a sexual thing . 
 everyone knows she 's all wrong for him . 
 well , everyone except my father and mother . 
 i believe she really cares for him , but she also cares for his money and success . '' 
 tooty did n't know what to say . 
 cecelia closed the photo album and set it on the table . 
 she said in a serious tone , `` tooty , miles is crazy about you and he 's fighting his feelings because of what happened with alexa . 
 he sees you as too young for him . 
 he 's wrong . 
 you 're good for him . '' 
 she looked into tooty 's startled gaze . 
 `` i love my brother and you 're just what his heart needs . 
 so there , i 've spoken what 's on my mind and you can take it for what it 's worth . '' 
 tooty found her voice , `` i do n't think he feels that way about me . 
 we 're just friends . '' 
 `` friends make the best lovers , '' cecelia countered . 
 she patted tooty 's knee and laughed . 
 `` yep , you and harris are just what the fates have ordered for my brother . '' 
 chapter 13 : home sweet home tooty wanted to kiss the ground when miles pulled the van in front of her humble little country home . 
 they 'd only been gone a week and it felt like a month . 
 her flowers needed watering and the porch had leaves and debris blown across it . 
 she could n't wait to get to work . 
 while unloading their baggage she felt miles watching her . 
 she wondered if he was sad to leave his home in new york or if he 'd developed a soft spot for simple living . 
 granted , his home was beautiful and posh , but it was also cold and uninviting . 
 she looked at him and asked bluntly , `` what are you thinking , miles ? '' 
 he gave her a surprised look . 
 `` i was thinking how well this home suits you . '' 
 now she was the one to be surprised . 
 `` yes , it does , '' she whispered . 
 the evening was still young after tucking harris into bed , and although tooty was tired from the long trip and then piddling around her house , she did n't want to call it a night . 
 miles had retired early . 
 suddenly feeling the urge to write , she retrieved her box of poetry and walked outside to the porch swing . 
 rereading her unfinished poem under the dim lamp light , she listened to crickets chirp and owls hoot , willing the third stanza to come . 
 his eyes , the color of love paint my soul with living shades he is the shadow of my dreams he knows me as no other will i ever meet him ? 
 do miles separate us ? 
 or is he the bright star in my backyard ? 
 is he fey ? 
 or is he man ? 
 she pondered and then wrote . 
 he is near , yet so far . 
 i am young , but old in hurt . 
 he is old , but unaware of his youth . 
 we are paradoxes of ourselves . 
 how shall we end our sweet torment ? 
 she sighed and looked at the stars , so close and yet so far . 
 she reread her poem , and then read it again . 
 inhaling sharply , she saw what her unconscious mind -- no , her heart -- had written in the second stanza . 
 she picked out the words : miles , bright , man . 
 miles brightman . 
 squeezing her eyes shut , she allowed herself to accept her feelings . 
 she hated the fact that he and monica were together because ... because ... she cared deeply for him . 
 she whispered to herself , `` tooty , you 're screwed . '' 
 * * * three weeks after arriving back in colorado , miles typed the last word in his book and leaned back in his wheelchair . 
 other than proofreading and some editing , it was finished . 
 two emotions attached themselves to him , elation and sadness -- elation that it was finally done , sadness that his time in colorado was almost over . 
 face it , you 've grown fond of tooty and harris and this ramshackle house . 
 rolling to his bedroom window he watched harris pushing a tonka truck around a dirt road he 'd carved out and tooty hoeing weeds in her small garden . 
 he smiled remembering the excitement on her face when she 'd plucked her first ripe tomato . 
 a swirl of dust indicated the approach of a vehicle . 
 a big monster truck made the curve and stopped at the back of the drive . 
 rarely did anyone come to the house and this certainly was n't tooty 's mother or father , or sage or sarah tanner , or jacob or julie hackstetter . 
 he watched tooty 's stance turn from one of welcome to one of out-and-out hostility . 
 she rushed and bent over harris , saying something and motioning him toward the house . 
 he said something back and pointed to his toy truck . 
 she admonished him and he walked toward the porch sulking . 
 a tall guy wearing a cowboy hat got out of the truck . 
 miles decided it was time to make an appearance . 
 when he rolled into the living room , harris was peeking out the window and asked , `` mister brightperson , who is that man ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , harris . 
 hey , you know those legos we started making a castle with ... '' `` yeah ? '' 
 `` have you finished ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not yet . '' 
 `` i 'd love to work on it with you . 
 why do n't you run to your room and see how much you can get done ? 
 after i check on your mom , i 'll come back and help you finish it . '' 
 already , harris had his mind on the project . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll do it right now . '' 
 he ran toward his room . 
 miles rolled onto the front porch , down the access ramp , and onto packed earth toward the truck parked behind his van . 
 he could see from tooty 's expression that she was n't happy to see this guy . 
 `` i just want to see the kid , '' the tall cowboy said , leaning against the fender of his truck . 
 `` no way . 
 i want you off my property . '' 
 miles saw the cowboy 's eyes shift to his approach and tooty turned around . 
 `` tooty , is everything okay ? '' 
 `` is this your boyfriend ? '' 
 the cowboy smirked . 
 before she could answer , the jerk said , `` howdy , i 'm lucky larry , harris ' father . 
 and you are ... '' `` a friend of tooty 's . '' 
 `` well , ` friend of tooty 's ' , like i was tellin ' her . 
 i 'd like to get to know my son . '' 
 tooty rounded on him , `` to hell you would . 
 you just want to check out my good fortune in inheriting my own place . 
 now that you 've seen it is n't much . 
 you can leave . '' 
 the insolent cowboy dismissed miles ' presence and returned his attention to tooty . 
 `` you 're right about it not bein ' much , but looks like you 've had some expensive repairs done . 
 so you must 've gotten some money in the inheritance , or ... '' he looked at miles , '' ... lover boy has money . '' 
 miles reached for his cell phone and dialed 911 . 
 the operator immediately answered . 
 `` please send an officer to 722 wild tulip drive . 
 we have an intruder . '' 
 lucky larry scowled at miles and said to tooty , `` i think i need to see my attorney about visitation rights with my son , unless , of course , we can come to some kind of agreement . 
 i 've had a slow season on the circuit and just need a little something to tide me over . '' 
 he jerked the door to his truck open , jumped inside , and looked from miles to tooty , and winked . 
 `` you were a real sweet ride , baby . 
 give me a call later . '' 
 jamming the truck into gear he peeled out in a cloud of dust . 
 miles dialed 911 again and canceled the emergency . 
 he looked at tooty . 
 big tears rolled down her cheeks . 
 `` aw , honey . '' 
 he did n't know what else to say . 
 she blinked rapidly and swiped at her eyes . 
 `` i-i 'm really sorry you had to witness that . '' 
 `` i 'm glad i witnessed it so i could help . '' 
 `` i just feel ... so embarrassed . '' 
 miles reached and grasped tooty 's hand , gently tugging her onto his lap . 
 she turned her face into his neck , sobbing . 
 `` he makes me feel so dirty . 
 i ca n't believe i fell for his line . 
 what if he does what he threatens and tries to get parenting time with harris ? 
 i do n't have the money to hire an attorney . '' 
 she sobbed , `` i swear i 'll flee to another part of the country before i let harris become influenced by that shithead . '' 
 `` honey , it 's not going to come to that . '' 
 miles smoothed his hand down her wavy hair and rubbed tears from her cheeks with his thumb . 
 pulling her tight , he continued caressing her hair and murmuring words of encouragement . 
 finally , she sat up and looked at him . 
 `` i 've soaked your shirt , '' she half-smiled . 
 miles ' heart somersaulted at the sweetness in her expression . 
 if he 'd had the use of his legs , he would have pulverized that bastard . 
 her lower lip trembled . 
 `` i have to tell you something . '' 
 he waited . 
 `` even though i hate the guy , i-i would n't change anything because ... because he gave me harris . '' 
 tears overflowed again . 
 miles smiled . 
 `` i understand what you 're saying . 
 harris was worth it all , sweetheart . '' 
 `` thank you for understanding , '' she whispered . 
 a voice from the porch yelled . 
 `` can i come out now ? 
 mister brightperson is going to build a lego castle with me . '' 
 miles smiled at tooty . 
 `` are you ready to go in ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she swiped the last of her tears away and started to climb off his lap . 
 `` no , stay . '' 
 he pushed the lever and the wheelchair scooted over the hard earth toward the house . 
 harris started jumping up and down on the porch . 
 `` can i go for a ride , too ? '' 
 he ran to meet them . 
 miles said , `` you betcha ; as soon as i get your mom on the porch . '' 
 when tooty climbed off his lap , harris was on it in a flash . 
 `` you go rest , tooty . 
 i 'll watch harris . '' 
 she gave him a weak smile and mouthed the words , `` thank you . '' 
 miles whizzed down the access ramp . 
 finding the most level spot , he turned the chair in circles , which made harris shout , `` we 're flying ! '' 
 miles laughed with him . 
 `` yes , son , we 're flying . '' 
 * * * tooty splashed water on her puffy eyes and blew her nose . 
 unable to meditate on the encounter with harris ' lowlife father or the ensuing comfort from miles , she reached into her nightstand and withdrew the diary . 
 thursday , april 20 , 1865 i woke up so excited . 
 today pa and me picked up the rolling chair . 
 i would give everything i own and work for however long needed to pay for this gift for eli . 
 i told pa a week ago what i was doing and he got tears in his eyes . 
 he said i should keep the extra money i 'd worked so hard for because he wanted to make up the difference . 
 my sisters put money in , too , so pa would n't have to pay so much . 
 he needs his money to keep our little ranch going . 
 when we got to the blacksmith 's , jed told me to sit in the chair so he could show me how it works . 
 after we got home , eli was reading a dime novel i 'd bought for him . 
 i was hoping it would help him come out of his depression . 
 pa 's also been teaching him how to whittle and sometimes he carries him to a chair on the porch . 
 yesterday , eli spent two hours whittling . 
 his attempts do n't look like much , but he 's sure trying . 
 i was so excited about the rolling chair that i ran in the house while pa unloaded it . 
 eli looked surprised when i rushed toward him . 
 my sisters knew we were picking up the chair today and rushed to his bedside , too . 
 i spoke so fast my words did n't make much sense . 
 he usually does n't talk much , but he almost smiled and asked me to repeat myself . 
 pa came in at that moment and told eli he had a surprise . 
 then he rolled the chair in the house . 
 i started babbling again about how he could now go places by himself . 
 he got this stunned look when he saw the chair and his eyes got moist . 
 i started crying and so did my sisters . 
 even pa got choked up . 
 for the rest of my life i will cherish helping this man who is wounded in spirit and body find a twig of hope to cling to . 
 chapter 14 : differences of opinion miles said goodbye to his attorney and hung up his cell phone . 
 after that he called the airlines and made a reservation for a flight to new york in one week . 
 there was no use postponing the inevitable . 
 the writing of anja was complete and he had obligations he 'd let slide for far too long . 
 he loved colorado , but he could n't stay indefinitely . 
 now he needed to break the news to tooty . 
 sighing , he rubbed his forehead and then stretched the tightness in his neck . 
 at least he 'd done something worthwhile with his money . 
 trust funds for tooty and harris had been prepared and were ready for him to sign . 
 the investigator he 'd hired the day after lucky larry had threatened tooty , had dug plenty of dirt on the dirt bag . 
 his attorney had acted promptly and lowlife lucky larry had signed an agreement that he would never contact tooty or harris again in exchange for a large sum of money . 
 if he did , he 'd be unlucky enough to have some prior arrests brought to public attention , and also have to return the money with a penalty . 
 now miles could relieve tooty 's mind about the scumbag . 
 * * * tooty stretched and reached for the diary . 
 she just had to reread what she 'd read last night . 
 harris had spent the night with her mom and dad and it felt decadent doing nothing on a sunday morning . 
 she almost felt guilty . 
 friday , april 28 , 1865 eli has mastered the chair and rolls all over the house and yard . 
 we made the ground as level as we could and he helps pa feed the chickens . 
 he 's been whittling out by the barn and i got a peek at his latest attempt . 
 i could make out that it 's a horse and i complimented him on it . 
 he looked really proud . 
 being in the sun is doing him good . 
 i watch him when he is n't looking . 
 he is so handsome . 
 and when he gives me one of his rare smiles my stomach flips and my heart pounds . 
 tooty turned a few pages to another entry . 
 saturday , may 13 , 1865 today , eli had an accident . 
 he was rushing across the yard to the barn and his wheels got stuck in a rut and flipped him over . 
 it scared me real bad . 
 i ran and knelt beside him , afraid he 'd been injured . 
 he pushed me away and angrily said he was okay . 
 i must have looked hurt because he apologized and lay back in the dirt . 
 i could n't help but notice how strong his arms and shoulders are now that he 's exercising and eating . 
 he saw me looking him over and said a cuss word . 
 the next thing i knew , he was pulling me down to his mouth and kissing me passionately . 
 the only boy who ever kissed me was jethro jenkins when he stole a kiss when i was fourteen and it was creepy . 
 eli riles has the sweetest mouth and i never wanted him to stop kissing me . 
 suddenly , he jerked his mouth from mine and pushed away from me . 
 i righted his chair and held it while he pulled himself back into it . 
 he did n't look at me . 
 he just rolled toward the barn . 
 tooty sighed and set the book aside . 
 stretching again , she decided to make a great breakfast for her and miles . 
 after a quick shower and dressing in a pretty pink skirt and white tank top , she knocked on his door . 
 when he opened it , she said , `` i hope you have n't eaten . 
 i 'm going to make a super breakfast . 
 would you like to join me ? '' 
 `` as a matter of fact , i would . 
 there are some things we need to discuss . 
 i 'll be out in fifteen minutes . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she returned to the kitchen , wondering what he wanted to talk about . 
 maybe he was going to give her more responsibilities as his personal assistant . 
 she 'd like that . 
 but then again , maybe he was n't happy about something . 
 her mind went ballistic on her . 
 miles joined her just as she flipped the denver omelette she was making for him . 
 `` here you go . '' 
 she added some hash browns and toast . 
 `` go ahead and eat so it does n't get cold . 
 it 'll only take a couple of minutes to make mine . '' 
 when she joined him , he said , `` tooty , this is excellent . 
 thanks for making it . '' 
 `` i enjoy cooking breakfast for you . 
 what did you want to talk about ? '' 
 her heart pounded with curiosity . 
 `` well , there are several things , actually . 
 i 'm not sure where to begin . 
 i guess i should start by saying i 'll be leaving in a week . 
 as much as i love it here , it 's time for me to return to my obligations in new york . 
 i want to thank you for everything . 
 you 've been a great personal assistant , but more than that , you 've been a great friend . '' 
 the toast in tooty 's throat lodged and did n't want to go down . 
 she sipped her coffee to see if that would help . 
 miles continued , `` i also want you to know that because of you , i 'm more than satisfied with the way this last book ended the series . 
 i 've told my publisher i want the title to be anja , and they 've agreed . '' 
 `` that 's wonderful , '' tooty said softly . 
 miles tapped his fingers on the table . 
 `` for a long time , i 've been thinking about a way to express my gratitude . '' 
 he sipped his coffee and studied her face . 
 `` i 've set up two trust funds , one for you and one for harris . 
 after i leave there will be no need for you to work outside your home . 
 when harris is ready for college , he wo n't have to struggle financially to make it through . '' 
 tooty gaped at him and she started to say , no way , when he held up a staying hand . 
 `` please let me finish . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` and lastly , i want you to know that laramie walker wo n't be bothering you again . 
 i had my attorneys draw up an agreement for him to sign . 
 for a certain sum of money , he 's agreed to never contact you or harris . 
 if he breaks the contract , he has to pay the money back with penalties . 
 he signed yesterday . '' 
 tooty jumped up . 
 `` what ! 
 how ... how could you do such a thing without talking to me first ? 
 i-i 'm not a child . 
 i have a right to make my own decisions . '' 
 `` tooty , i thought you wanted him out of your life . 
 you do n't have feelings for him , do you ? 
 because if you do , they are unfounded after he signed an agreement for money to leave you and his own son alone . '' 
 `` god , no , i do n't have feelings for him ! 
 but you did this behind my back ! '' 
 chapter 15 : inevitable tooty stormed out of the house . 
 miles called to her from the porch . 
 `` tooty , listen to me ! 
 please ! '' 
 she ignored him and kept walking . 
 she could hear his wheelchair rolling down the ramp . 
 she started to run toward the trees , but a thud and a groan brought her up short . 
 she jerked around . 
 the wheelchair had toppled and miles lay on his back on the uneven ground of the small patch of grass . 
 `` miles ! '' 
 she yelled , and ran back to him . 
 going down on her knees , she leaned over him . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 do i need to call 911 ? '' 
 pushing up on his elbows , he said , `` shit , tooty , just move the damn wheelchair next to me and stop treating me like a fucking invalid . '' 
 he groaned and lay back on the ground . 
 `` why do i even go on ? '' 
 tooty did n't move . 
 she just looked at him and listened to the words of annabelle 's diary . 
 eli riles has the sweetest mouth and i never wanted him to stop kissing me . 
 slowly , she lowered herself , everything else forgotten . 
 by god , i 'm going to taste his lips at least once in my lifetime . 
 miles watched her descending face and read her intent . 
 `` no , tooty . 
 do n't do this . '' 
 she did n't care that he sounded like he was begging . 
 she was going to kiss him . 
 her lips touched his and they both moaned . 
 she did n't have much experience with kissing , but she gave it all she had . 
 he moaned again and lifted his hand to the back of her head , angling his mouth over hers . 
 he ran his tongue across her lips and she opened her mouth , panting for his invasion . 
 she stroked his shoulders and put her hands beneath his t-shirt . 
 he pulled her tightly against him . 
 his passion gave her courage and she moved her hand lower , stroking him . 
 `` please , tooty ... oh , god , that feels good . 
 you feel good . 
 i want you so much . '' 
 without any foreplay she released him and herself of the clothing blocking consummation and impaled herself on him . 
 hungrily she kissed him and moved in the motion he could not . 
 his hands were everywhere : on her face , neck , shoulders , arms , breasts , back , waist , butt ; his kisses consuming . 
 kissing him fiercely in an attempt to make him understand her passion for him , she suddenly felt him stiffen and heard his groan of ecstasy . 
 his pleasure sent her into ripples of joy and she followed him into the land of bliss , accepting the fact that she craved miles and loved him with everything in her . 
 when she could breathe again she rolled off him and tucked herself against his side . 
 they lay like that for a long time and he stroked her face and hair . 
 feeling wonderful , she sat up and looked at the sky . 
 before god and the heavens , the trees and the birds , she and miles had joined bodies . 
 from the way he 'd kissed and touched her , he had to love her . 
 she smiled at god and turned her head to look at him so she could tell him how much she loved him . 
 he was n't smiling . 
 his eyes were closed and he looked pained . 
 even as she watched , he opened his eyes and stared deeply into hers . 
 `` that can never happen again . 
 please bring my chair to me . '' 
 `` wh-why ca n't it happen again ? '' 
 `` my god , tooty . 
 what were you thinking ? '' 
 `` but you enjoyed it , did n't you '' he groaned and rolled his eyes . 
 `` of course i enjoyed it . 
 but it ca n't happen again . 
 you 're only twenty years old ! 
 you have your life ahead of you . 
 i 'm thirty-eight and stuck in this fucking wheelchair . '' 
 `` i do n't care about the wheelchair . '' 
 he ran a frustrated hand through his hair . 
 `` there 's never going to be anything between us . '' 
 and then he said something that ended any romantic hopes she held . 
 `` when i need a woman , i have several in new york . 
 women much more sophisticated and ... skilled . '' 
 tooty covered her mouth with the back of her hand and launched to her feet . 
 she ran into the woods . 
 * * * miles lay on the ground staring at a puffy cloud . 
 he knew his calculated words had sliced through tooty 's heart like a guillotine . 
 that was why he 'd said them . 
 she 'd forced him into it after he 'd seen the stars in her eyes . 
 she refused to understand that he would never saddle her with a cripple . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut , seeing sunspots behind his eyelids . 
 for a moment he allowed himself to relive the feel of being inside tooty . 
 it was the sweetest thing he had ever felt , and she was the sweetest woman he had ever met , and he was head over heels in love with her . 
 that 's why he had to go . 
 she was young and deserved a whole man . 
 groaning , he dragged himself to his chair , righted it , and pulled up into it . 
 chapter 16 : annabelle 's solution almost three years later . 
 miles listened to the pompous author of the latest thriller fad spout about himself . 
 he 'd endured one of the most boring nights of his life and wished he was still at his peaceful villa in france . 
 after completing the business of writing anja , emotional exhaustion and heartbreak had driven him from the country . 
 he 'd told his agent he was n't doing book signings or making appearances , no matter the consequences , and then spent two years in france . 
 he squirmed in his chair and sighed when the author started espousing his current project . 
 beside him , sissy johansen , co-owner of imaginings publishing , whispered , `` i feel the same pain . '' 
 after dinner , while he sat in the drawing room trying to think of a quick escape excuse , his attention was suddenly captured by something sissy was saying . 
 `` one of my best selling authors , mims murphy , is pregnant at the age of forty-eight . 
 can you believe it ? 
 i could n't handle it at twenty-eight ! 
 she married the cover model for one of her books . 
 in fact , i was the one who introduced them . 
 believe me , it was n't love at first sight . 
 anyway , since i was in the denver area a couple of weeks ago , i decided to visit their ranch . 
 not only is sage a gorgeous model , he 's also a cattle rancher and runs a dude ranch during the summer . 
 they already have twin boys , and i was almost afraid to ask if they were having twins again . 
 mims said no , but they 're over-the-moon about having a baby girl . '' 
 sissy looked at miles . 
 `` she told me to tell you hello if i saw you . 
 so ... hello from mims . '' 
 miles smiled . 
 `` she 's one of my favorite people . 
 i 'll have to call and congratulate her . '' 
 he started to excuse himself from the party when sissy said , `` oh , and miles , she also said to tell you hello from your former personal assistant in colorado . 
 she had a strange name ... tuney or troopy or ... '' `` tooty , '' miles interjected . 
 his heart banged his ribs . 
 `` yes , yes . 
 and when i was leaving , tooty showed up at the ranch , so i got to meet her . 
 sweet girl . '' 
 miles wanted to clamp his mouth shut , but asked , `` did she have her son , harris , with her ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 he 's quite the character . 
 her other son is , too . 
 he must be about two and he kept her running . '' 
 miles felt the color drain from his face . 
 `` was her husband there ? '' 
 `` no , i did n't meet mr. townsend . '' 
 to miles ' relief , the pompous author started another spiel and everyone 's attention was directed toward him . 
 miles did n't even have to calculate months to know the child could be his -- probably was his . 
 he felt sick ... and angry . 
 already he was rearranging his schedule . 
 he intended to confront tooty . 
 if the boy was his son , by god , he 'd take her to court if need be to have his rights instated . 
 * * * tooty carried eli to the grassy area she 'd had landscaped for just such occasions as this . 
 she 'd used the advance money from her poetry collection that was scheduled for release in a few weeks . 
 now her children had a wonderful area to play and swing and build sand castles . 
 it was their haven and they spent hours there . 
 it was also a gathering place for family and friends . 
 annie martinez reached for eli . 
 `` let me take him for awhile , tooty . 
 he and angel can play together . '' 
 `` thanks , annie . '' 
 tooty started back toward the house to get the chips and dip and snack foods . 
 `` let me help , '' said sarah , and caught up with her . 
 `` this was a lovely idea . 
 i 'm so happy everyone 's gotten together before the end of summer . '' 
 `` me , too . 
 hey , how are you feeling ? 
 is the baby kicking a lot ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 you know those little butterfly kicks you feel at first ? '' 
 tooty nodded . 
 `` i think this little girl is going to be a boxer . '' 
 tooty laughed and skipped up the porch steps . 
 she and sarah put plastic containers of food in cardboard boxes and then headed back to the picnic . 
 when they reached the drive , sage , jackson , and alligator , drove up in the lazy m van with the older children . 
 harris spilled out first , followed by toby and preston . 
 `` mom , we had a great time target shooting , '' called harris . 
 `` yeah , it was fun ! '' 
 toby yelled , and the three boys ran to the tree swing beyond the picnic tables . 
 tooty nudged sarah and pointed . 
 sarah grinned as they watched dixie walk toward alligator and stand on her toes to kiss him . 
 sarah chuckled , `` me and ann played matchmaker during the covered wagon trail blaze . 
 are n't they perfect for each other ? 
 jackson said alligator has just about used up all his vacation time and he 's working on a transfer to denver . '' 
 tooty sighed , `` she just glows when she 's around him . 
 i think we 'll be hearing wedding bells soon . '' 
 sage and jackson and walked over to tooty and sarah to relieve them of their boxes of food . 
 `` any special place you want these ? '' 
 asked sage . 
 tooty pointed . 
 `` just set them on the far picnic table . 
 an old pickup pulled into the drive behind the van and newt jumped out and rushed around to open molly 's door . 
 tooty exclaimed , `` i 'm so happy they could make it ! 
 molly said she was n't sure they 'd be back from the bingo bash in las vegas . 
 come on , sarah , let 's find out if they won anything . 
 molly 's a champion bingo player . 
 i 've seen her trophies . '' 
 tooty and sarah reached newt and molly at the same time as jacob and julie . 
 julie rubbed her big pregnant belly and laughed , `` i waddle like a duck . '' 
 jacob kissed her cheek , `` you 're the prettiest duck-waddler i ever saw . '' 
 annie walked up carrying eli in one arm and angel in the other . 
 `` hi , granny and newt . 
 how 'd it go in vegas ? '' 
 molly and newt grinned at everyone and newt said proudly , `` my little missus is now the top bingo bash winner . 
 she 's makin ' us rich . '' 
 molly laughed , `` yep , and we 're goin ' on a cowboy caribbean cruise . 
 i won that in the grand prize drawing . '' 
 amidst everyone 's congratulations , sage yelled , `` i 'm startin ' the grill . '' 
 two hours later , after grilling steaks , burgers , and hot dogs , everyone kicked back lazily on blankets and eli and angel slept beside tooty . 
 looking into eli 's sweet face , a lump formed in her throat . 
 he looked so much like miles . 
 rarely , did she allow her thoughts to linger on miles , but she tuned out the conversation around her and indulged in that luxury . 
 the book anja had become a phenomenal success and the movie had released a week ago . 
 because she 'd needed to see the movie alone , she 'd asked her parents to watch the boys and made up the excuse of wanting to shop without chasing children . 
 then she 'd driven to the next town and sat in the back row of the theater . 
 anja was the perfect blend of action , suspense , and romance . 
 she 'd cried not only because it was wonderful , but mostly because it brought up so many memories of her time with miles . 
 vaguely she heard a vehicle drive up but it did n't register in her mind because she was so lost in the past . 
 she heard sarah say , `` my goodness , that 's miles brightman . '' 
 tooty blinked and jerked back to the present . 
 surely , she 'd heard wrong . 
 no , it ca n't be . 
 not after almost three years . 
 a sleek black van parked behind newt 's truck and a few minutes later , miles lowered himself to the ground on the mechanical lift . 
 tooty 's heart beat so fast her breathing came in little pants . 
 she looked at sleeping eli and tried to control her panic . 
 sarah dropped down onto the blanket beside her and placed her hand over tooty 's . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , honey . '' 
 tooty nodded and gulped . 
 she saw sarah look at sage and something unspoken passed between them . 
 he jumped to his feet and rushed to greet miles . 
 harris ran up to his mother . 
 `` mom , its mr. brightman . 
 can i go say hi ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 i need to talk with him first . 
 you go play with toby and preston for now . '' 
 `` but -- '' the look in tooty 's eyes stopped his argument . 
 jackson called , `` hey , harris , come on . 
 we 're all going for a walk to the river . '' 
 harris gave his mother a worried look . 
 `` you okay , mom ? '' 
 `` i sure am , sweetie . 
 you go and have fun . '' 
 she swatted his behind in a playful manner and he smiled and ran toward jackson . 
 after he left , sarah said , `` i 'll go with you , tooty . '' 
 tooty glanced at eli , still asleep and unaware he was about to meet his father . 
 she gathered her wits and a little courage and nodded . 
 annie said , `` i 'll watch the babies . '' 
 sage was conversing with miles when she and sarah walked toward him . 
 sarah said , `` hey stranger , it 's been awhile since you were around these parts . '' 
 miles glanced at sarah . 
 `` yeah , i 've been out of the country . '' 
 he stared at tooty . 
 `` i 'd like to speak with tooty alone , please . '' 
 sage and sarah waited for tooty 's response . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 sage placed his arm around sarah 's shoulders and they walked back to the picnic area . 
 miles turned his chair around and pushed it toward the trees . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 his powerful biceps navigated the wheelchair around rocks and rough terrain to a tall pine on the other side of the drive . 
 when he stopped , the van blocked them from view . 
 he did n't turn around or say anything . 
 tooty 's stomach felt as twisted as a pretzel . 
 finally , he swiveled the chair around and said angrily , `` why did n't you tell me about my son ?! '' 
 seeing his anger morphed tooty 's anxiety into anger . 
 `` what makes you think he 's your son ? '' 
 `` do n't bullshit me , tooty . 
 we both know he is . 
 for one thing , the timing is too obvious , and for another , well , i just know you . 
 you do n't sleep around . 
 you 'd be married to the father if he was n't mine . '' 
 biting her bottom lip , she said , `` what difference would it have made if i 'd told you ? 
 you were n't about to marry me . 
 and i was n't about to saddle you with a child . 
 in fact , you could n't wait to leave . 
 i have n't heard from you in three years ! '' 
 `` damn it , tooty , why ca n't you understand i left for your own good . '' 
 `` horseshit . 
 you left because you 're scared of commitment . 
 you use that wheelchair as your first line of defense . 
 it keeps you from having relationships . '' 
 miles voice rose , `` tooty , i 'm eighteen years older than you and in a goddamn wheelchair ! 
 you deserve a husband who 's whole -- a husband who can fulfill you . '' 
 `` keep telling yourself that , miles , because you 're the only one who believes it . '' 
 tooty watched him inhale several deep breaths . 
 `` i want to meet my son . '' 
 `` okay . 
 do you want to come over or do you want me to bring him to you ? '' 
 `` i 'd like you to bring him to me . '' 
 without responding , she turned and walked to get their son . 
 when she reached the blanket and bent to lift him , sage asked , `` do you need us to do anything ? '' 
 she gave him a wan smile . 
 `` no . 
 thank you . 
 it 's time for eli to meet miles . '' 
 tooty carried her baby across the drive and past the van . 
 `` where we go , mommy ? '' 
 he asked sleepily . 
 `` i want you to meet someone . '' 
 that piqued his interest and he looked around . 
 * * * miles ' heart slammed his chest when he saw tooty carrying their son . 
 he sucked several calming breaths , and when she set the boy on the ground in front of him , he felt a love so tender his body started to shake and he had to blink rapidly against stinging tears . 
 tooty knelt . 
 `` eli , this is mr. brightman . 
 he 's a friend of mine . 
 say hello . '' 
 the child clutched his mother 's arm and said , `` hehwo . '' 
 when miles moved forward , the boy was instantly captivated by the wheelchair . 
 remembering how fascinated harris had been , miles said , `` would you like to go for a ride in my chair ? '' 
 he held his breath . 
 eli looked up at his mother and when she nodded , he said , `` o-tay . '' 
 miles held his arms out . 
 `` climb onto my lap and i 'll show you how it works . '' 
 hesitantly , eli walked toward the chair and miles reached to lift him . 
 with eli on his lap and the baby 's soft hair brushing his chin , miles swiped at his eyes and then began rolling the chair in circles . 
 he glanced up to see tears shimmering in tooty 's eyes . 
 after several minutes , eli got restless and looked at his mother . 
 `` i want pway wit angel . '' 
 he started to scoot off miles ' lap . 
 `` okay , sweetheart . 
 i 'll take you to annie and she 'll let you play with angel . '' 
 tooty looked at miles . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 he nodded and watched her carry their child away , certain of one thing -- he would play a major role in raising his son . 
 he 'd already missed his first two years and it made him angry all over again . 
 when tooty returned , he said , `` i plan on being a large part of my son 's life . '' 
 he had expected her to argue , but she merely nodded . 
 he continued , `` we need to sit down and discuss this , but now is n't the time . 
 i 'm very angry with you , tooty , for not telling me about him . '' 
 she only nodded again and he wanted her to show emotion -- yell , cuss him out , whatever . 
 she said flatly , `` come back tomorrow at noon . 
 i 'll take the boys to sarah or ann to watch . '' 
 then , she turned and walked away . 
 * * * the moment tooty had seen the interaction between miles and eli , guilt had overwhelmed her like a flash flood . 
 in that instant , she 'd realized just how much miles needed eli , even more than eli needed his father . 
 her pillow was drenched with tears shed in the war of trying to decide what to do ? 
 should she allow eli to spend time with miles in new york ? 
 if she did , that meant she would have to spend time with him , too . 
 there was no way she would be parted from her child . 
 and yet , seeing miles again had ripped open the ache that was always with her and never completely healed . 
 the years had not lessened her love for him . 
 fresh tears spilled onto her pillow . 
 eventually , in the wee hours of the morning , she forced herself to get up and splash cool water on her face . 
 returning to her bed , she reached into her nightstand for annabelle 's diary . 
 over the years she 'd read it many times . 
 finding the place that her heart needed to read , she fluffed her pillows against her headboard and leaned back . 
 thursday , march 5 , 1868 today is the two year anniversary that eli came to be with our family . 
 i am nineteen now and he is thirty-four . 
 he did n't reveal his birthday until he 'd lived with us for a year . 
 he is strong and fit and very handsome . 
 the whittling that pa taught him so he would have something to occupy his time , has turned into a profitable business . 
 he is very talented and several stores in big cities buy his carvings to sell to rich people . 
 with some of the money he earned , he bought a small patch of pa 's property and pa built him a tiny cabin . 
 he 's been in his own home now for five months and we miss him terribly . 
 sometimes i cry myself to sleep because i love him so much . 
 he never kissed me again after that time he fell out of his chair . 
 he treats me like his sister . 
 he even told me i should pay attention to the young men who come calling because i 'm of an age to marry and have children . 
 he said i 'll make a wonderful wife and mother . 
 why ca n't he see that i want to be his wife and the mother to his children ? 
 if i can not have him , i will never marry . 
 i think my tears have fallen on these pages to forever memorialize my misery . 
 gently , tooty touched the tear stains on the page and felt a fresh wave of her own tears . 
 she turned a few more pages to another favorite passage . 
 monday , june 1 , 1868 today , something incredible happened . 
 i still can not believe it and i 'm not sure what to do about it . 
 pa gave me a letter from one of the stores that buys eli 's carvings and asked me to take it to him . 
 i was so happy to go to his cabin . 
 when i got there and knocked , his door was slightly open , but he was n't there . 
 i figured he was on the trail we made for him so he could enjoy the outdoors . 
 i went inside to set the letter on his table and when i did , i saw he had a carving on his bed . 
 it was wrapped so i could only see a corner of it , not enough to know what it was . 
 i 'm always amazed by the detail and beauty of his creations , so i lifted the cloth to take a peek . 
 what i saw made my heart pound and i jumped back . 
 it was a carving of me , wearing only a chemise and slip . 
 the chemise had slipped off one shoulder and my hair was hanging to my waist over the other shoulder . 
 the look on my face was one of rapturous love and my arms were extended to embrace someone . 
 i looked at the bottom of the statue and almost fainted . 
 the etching said , `` the only woman i will ever love . '' 
 i almost could n't breathe when i wrapped the statue and put it back . 
 i ran from the cabin to my special place by the river to try and make sense of this find . 
 tooty turned a few more pages . 
 thursday , june 19 , 1868 i have planned a devious scheme and my sisters are helping me . 
 they have always known my feelings for eli . 
 after i told them about my discovery and my plan , they said they think it might work . 
 of course , we 're all afraid that it could backfire . 
 but if i do n't do this , i may regret my cowardice for the rest of my life . 
 tomorrow , i will follow through with my plan . 
 friday , june 20 , 1868 my plan worked and the beautiful outcome will happen on the morrow . 
 of course , i must share in my diary what happened . 
 when it was dark , i walked to eli 's cabin and knocked on his door . 
 he was very surprised to see me and i stepped into his cabin without invitation . 
 he asked what i needed and said it was n't good for a young woman to be in the company of a man at night without an escort . 
 he said if my father came by , he would get the wrong impression . 
 while he talked , i summoned my courage and reached to remove the pin from my hair and pull the locks over one shoulder . 
 then i unfastened my long cape and let it fall to the ground . 
 i was wearing only my chemise and slip , exactly like the carving . 
 i slipped the chemise off one shoulder . 
 eli 's eyes got really big and he sounded like he wanted to cry . 
 he begged me to leave but i bent over him , placing my arms around him and whispering how much i loved him . 
 he started trembling and told me i deserved better . 
 he said he was only half a man and i should run from him . 
 then i kissed him and he tried not to , but he kissed me back . 
 after that he kept telling me how much he loved me and i pushed his chair to the bed . 
 when i lay on it , he joined me and we kissed so passionately i forgot about my plan until the door opened and pa stood there with my sisters . 
 he did n't say anything except that he 'd have the preacher there tomorrow and i should get back to the house to start preparing for my wedding . 
 then he turned and left and my sisters giggled . 
 i was scared to look at eli , but when i did , he did n't look angry . 
 he just said he could n't deny his heart any longer and asked me to marry him . 
 i squealed yes and started kissing him all over again . 
 if he had n't insisted i leave , i would have stayed with him and pa would have come looking for me . 
 tomorrow i will marry the man i love . 
 my heart is full to bursting . 
 leaning back and closing her eyes , tooty repeated a portion of beatrice 's letter that she had memorized over the years . 
 there is a treasure within that i discovered too late to make reconciliation with the love of my life . 
 sadly , he died before i could make things right . 
 if only i had found this treasure even two years sooner , it would have made a difference in my decisions . 
 but it is what it is . 
 tooty put the diary away , switched her lamp off , and closed her eyes . 
 before she fell asleep , she whispered , `` thank you , annabelle and beatrice , for showing me the way . '' 
 chapter 17 : take it or leave it miles parked his van and tooty waited on the front porch for him . 
 he noticed she 'd never removed the ramp he 'd had built . 
 she said , `` why do n't we sit out here ? 
 can i bring you some iced tea or lemonade ? 
 i also have coffee brewed . '' 
 `` iced tea would be nice . '' 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 miles watched her enter the house and then turned his wheelchair around to gaze at her property . 
 she had done much to improve it . 
 besides the picnic and play area he had seen the day before , she had a larger garden than the one she 'd planted when he lived there . 
 she also had a newer looking shed and the driveway was graveled . 
 beautiful red and yellow tulips grew in the flowerbeds . 
 she had been right in believing this home was perfect for her . 
 miles felt a sudden wave of homesickness for this humble house . 
 unable to prevent himself , he looked at the place he and tooty had conceived eli . 
 the grassy area had been expanded and children 's toys lay scattered across it . 
 in his mind 's eye , he watched the past play out , and again relived the ecstasy she had given him . 
 the screen door opened and tooty exited carrying a tray . 
 she set it on a small table and handed him his tea . 
 she 'd brought a plate of cookies and asked if he wanted one . 
 he declined . 
 after selecting a cookie for herself and picking up her own tea , she sat calmly on the porch swing . 
 he was surprised by her composure . 
 clearing his throat , he said , `` we need to come to some sort of agreement about eli . 
 i want to spend time with him . '' 
 tooty nodded . 
 `` and so you shall , but it will be on my terms . '' 
 he wrinkled his forehead . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` what i mean is that we 'll do it my way , or i 'll fight you tooth and nail in the courts , if need be . '' 
 `` what the hell are you talking about ? 
 i 'm trying to be civil , tooty . 
 you 're making this more difficult than it has to be . 
 i do n't like ultimatums . 
 besides , you do n't have the money for court battles . '' 
 `` just so you know how serious i am , i 'll exhaust every penny of the trust funds you set up for harris and me if you do n't agree to my condition . 
 i may not win in the end , but i 'll tie you up in court for a long time . '' 
 miles ground his teeth , `` what 's your condition ? '' 
 `` it 's very simple , really . 
 we get married . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 miles heart slammed against his ribs . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` what 's not to understand ? 
 we . 
 get . 
 married . '' 
 `` tooty , you do n't want to marry me . 
 you 're young and there 's a fine man your age waiting for you out there . '' 
 she looked at him over the rim of her glass . 
 `` that 's my condition . 
 take it or leave it . '' 
 miles was beginning to see red and his pulse raged out of control . 
 before he could respond , she continued , `` of course , you 're welcome to live here with us for as long as you want . 
 if you choose not to spend time here , then i 'll come to new york a few months out of every year so you can be with the boys . 
 you can carry on with your lifestyle -- absent monica , of course -- and i can carry on with mine -- absent any eligible men . 
 we 'll not cheat on each other . 
 as far as sleeping arrangements , unless you initiate differently , we 'll maintain separate bedrooms , but if you desire me to sleep with you , '' she looked directly into his eyes , `` i will . 
 if not ... '' she shrugged as if it did n't matter . 
 miles ' mouth gaped and he could n't form a coherent thought . 
 her gaze never waivered and he knew she meant business . 
 she would fight him mercilessly in court and he would miss precious time with his son . 
 again , he glanced at the place where eli had been conceived . 
 turning a flinty gaze back on her , he said , `` i accept your proposal . 
 when do we tie the knot ? '' 
 * * * tooty watched miles drive away and lifted a shaking hand to her mouth . 
 her whole body trembled . 
 he had accepted her marriage proposal . 
 it had taken all of her willpower not to jump in the air with a raised fist and shout , `` yes ! '' 
 when he 'd agreed . 
 tonight he was making reservations for a flight to las vegas . 
 in a couple of days she would be mrs. miles brightman . 
 after that , she would plan her strategy for winning what she believed was already hers , his love . 
 it was time for miles to find his happily-ever-after . 
 chapter 18 : bumpkin girl tooty set the place settings on the table and thunked a plate down . 
 she 'd gotten what she 'd demanded , she was now mrs. miles brightman and she was pissed . 
 miles had flown them to las vegas , tied the knot , and immediately flown them back to colorado , all in the same day . 
 that was two weeks ago . 
 he 'd moved into his old room and only ventured out to play with the boys . 
 she and miles were n't exactly falling into each others arms like she 'd hoped . 
 the boys , rambunctious as ever , had strewn toys across the living room and were now playing train , with all the accompanying noises . 
 if miles thought he was going to avoid being a real father and just participate in the easy times , well , it was n't going to happen . 
 `` eli , stop pulling your brother 's hair . 
 you boys start picking up your toys ; supper 's almost ready . '' 
 she stormed down the hall and pounded on miles ' door . 
 he had his cell phone to his ear when he opened the door and held up one hand when she started to speak . 
 `` okay , cancel that meeting . 
 i 'll call my publisher and let them know i approve of the changes . 
 i 'll talk to you again in the morning . '' 
 he clicked off . 
 `` yes , tooty . '' 
 god , he looked delicious and his eyes shone bluer than usual . 
 her knees went weak before she remembered her resolve . 
 `` if your highness can deign to return to the land of mortals , i could use some help . 
 your sons are going wild in the living room and i 'm trying to prepare supper . '' 
 she turned and stormed away feeling like the wicked witch of the west . 
 a few minutes later she heard him in the living room . 
 `` hey boys , can i play your game , too ? '' 
 shouts of , `` yes ! 
 yes ! '' 
 echoed throughout the house . 
 when she returned to the dining table carrying a crock pot of stew , she saw the boys crowded around miles while he explained the workings of trains . 
 he patted their heads and looked up . 
 `` tooty , since i 'm now living in colorado for the unforeseeable future , i have to organize my affairs in new york , which means i 'm on my phone a lot . 
 it takes time . 
 i 'm happy to help , just be patient . '' 
 great . 
 now he 'd made her feel guilty . 
 she called them all to the table and almost cried when miles lifted eli into his highchair and ruffled harris ' hair . 
 harris innocently asked miles , `` why did n't you marry my mommy when i asked you to at julie and jacob 's wedding ? 
 i could have had a daddy for a long time then . '' 
 tooty paused in dishing stew into her sons ' bowls . 
 she could n't bring herself to look at miles . 
 he said , `` i do n't know if you can understand this , harris , but sometimes , timing is everything . '' 
 harris shrugged , `` you 're right . 
 i do n't understand . 
 i 'm just happy to have a daddy now , and so is eli . 
 ai n't that right , eli ? '' 
 eli nodded his head in a big motion and pointed at his plate . 
 `` i do n't wike gween beans . '' 
 for the next month tooty watched the developing relationship between miles , harris , and eli . 
 it was evident by his every action that he loved the boys dearly . 
 why he could n't turn some of that love on her , she did n't know . 
 many nights , she lay in bed willing herself to have the courage to barge into his room and make passionate love to him . 
 but forcing herself on him held no appeal . 
 she had done that once before . 
 she just knew he loved her -- right ? 
 she 'd been certain of it when she 'd issued her ultimatum that they marry . 
 however , as each day passed and he shied from her presence , she began to wonder if it had only been wishful thinking . 
 he was a new yorker , a powerful man in his field of work , a sophisticated person who hob-knobbed with other sophisticated people . 
 she was a country girl , born and bred , and got tongue-tied around the kind of people he hung out with . 
 maybe she 'd done him a great disservice and needed to free him . 
 the thought of not being married to miles , however , even in this miserable state , broke her heart . 
 a week after their one month anniversary , miles announced that he had to return to new york . 
 `` my editor is having a heart attack over some changes i 've made . 
 i need to take care of this in person . 
 i also want to visit my parents . 
 my marriage came as quite a shock to them . '' 
 `` why , because i 'm not monica ? '' 
 tooty regretted the hasty words as soon as she 'd said them . 
 `` tooty , that 's not what i meant and you know it . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd think you were jealous . 
 besides , my parents may be difficult , but they 're still my parents . 
 and i have n't seen monica in years , '' he ended softly . 
 she shrugged and turned away before he could see the pain in her eyes . 
 two weeks later he was still in new york , although he called every day to speak with her and the boys . 
 she was sitting on the porch and watching her children play in their sand box when her cell phone rang . 
 she looked at the id and her heart started its usual pounding . 
 `` hello , miles . '' 
 `` hi , tooty . '' 
 `` how are things in new york ? '' 
 `` i called to let you know i 'll be gone at least another week . '' 
 she did n't say anything . 
 he asked , `` are you still there ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 well , whenever you decide to return is fine . '' 
 there was a pause , and then , `` are the boys nearby ? 
 i 'd like to talk to them . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , they 're in their sandbox . 
 can you call back in an hour ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 umm , tooty , i need to warn you that a rag paper has learned about our marriage and printed some smut . 
 other papers may pick up on the story , too . '' 
 tooty sat straight up . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` one of those papers that invade the lives of high profile people has decided to focus on us . 
 i just want to prepare you . 
 in fact , i 'd really like for you and the boys to stay with sage and sarah until i get back . 
 i 've already called them and sarah 's going to call you about it . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving my home . 
 that 's crazy . '' 
 `` i knew you 'd say that . 
 listen , if anyone shows up asking questions or taking pictures , call 911 . '' 
 there was a short pause . 
 `` i 've had a lot of loose ends to tie up , but i want you to know i 'll be back as soon as i can . 
 please consider staying with sage and sarah until i return . '' 
 after he hung up , tooty called the boys in , cleaned them up , and headed for the shop til you drop truck stop . 
 if anyone carried the rag magazines , they would . 
 hurrying her boys out of the truck , she rushed inside and found the rack beside the front door . 
 the top paper had a picture of a sophisticated miles and beside him a frumpy , poorly dressed girl . 
 the head belonged to her , but the body did not . 
 the caption said , `` famous author , maxwell henry , tricked into marriage by country bumpkin . '' 
 her eyes widened and she looked at harris to see his eyes had widened also . 
 he opened his mouth to say something and she clamped her hand over it . 
 she whispered fiercely , `` do n't say anything . 
 we do n't want anyone to know it 's us . '' 
 he nodded his understanding . 
 eli pointed to the picture and said , `` daddy , mommy . '' 
 tooty reached into her purse for her sunglasses , slipped them on , and took the paper to the counter to pay for it . 
 thankfully , the distracted clerk did n't seem to recognize her as being the bumpkin on the cover . 
 back in the nice pickup she 'd purchased right after she 'd received the trust money from miles , she slipped eli into his car seat and fastened harris into his seatbelt . 
 after pulling to the back of the parking lot amidst the eighteen wheelers , she jerked the paper open and read : maxwell henry , author of the popular macrighteous series , which was made into blockbuster movies , has finally tied the knot . 
 he 's been an eligible bachelor sought after by beautiful and famous women for years . 
 for that reason , his marriage to tooty townsend , a country gal with two children , comes as a shocking surprise . 
 rumor has it that the children are maxwell 's . 
 seems the posh and sophisticated mr. henry has had a secret life in the sticks of colorado . 
 of course , the question on everyone 's mind is whether this country bumpkin can keep the interest of the literary genius for longer than six months . 
 but then , maybe it 's not her mind that 's captivated him . 
 rumor has it she 's barely out of her teens . 
 only time will tell . 
 tooty slapped the paper shut seeing spots dance in front of her eyes . 
 `` you okay , mom ? '' 
 asked harris . 
 inhaling a calming breath , she said , `` i 'm just fine , honey . 
 hey , why do n't i get you boys some happy meals for lunch ? '' 
 `` yeth , happy meal ! '' 
 eli shouted . 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 said harris . 
 later that afternoon while eli slept and harris played outside , tooty called her best friend and cried her heart out . 
 `` i did make him marry me , julie . 
 i ... i just wanted us to be a family . 
 oh , god , i had no idea something like this could happen . 
 i 'm so stupid . '' 
 `` you did not make him marry you . 
 from what i 've seen , he 's not the kind of man you make do anything . 
 he would n't have married you unless he wanted to . 
 you 've got to stop blaming yourself for everything . 
 he participated in making eli . '' 
 `` no , he did n't ! 
 i forced myself on him , '' tooty sobbed . 
 `` oh , piddle . 
 he 's a strong man , he could have resisted . 
 well , no matter . 
 that man is crazy about you and everyone knows it but you . '' 
 two days later , tooty had to call 911 when a car pulled into her drive taking pictures . 
 the intruder was gone before the police arrived , but the incident not only made her furious , it scared the daylights out of her . 
 when miles called and she told him about the incident , he said some choice words , and then , `` that does it . 
 i 'm letting my agent know i 'll finish whatever needs to be done by phone or email . 
 i 'll be home as soon as i can get a flight . '' 
 `` miles , i would n't have told you if i 'd known it would mess up your schedule . '' 
 `` screw my schedule . 
 i 'll not have people messing with my family . '' 
 tooty blinked at his words and an unexpected joy flickered in her heart . 
 he 'd said my family . 
 * * * miles parked his van and puffed air . 
 the flight from new york to denver , and then from denver to cortez-montezuma county airport on the hopper flight , had been long and exhausting . 
 after retrieving his van from long term parking , he 'd rushed home . 
 home ? 
 was this his home now ? 
 tooty stepped onto the front porch carrying eli , and harris ran down the steps toward the van . 
 his heart thudded . 
 when he lowered himself on the lift and touched ground , harris lunged and hugged him . 
 `` i 'm so happy you 're home , daddy . '' 
 a lump formed in miles ' throat as he lifted harris onto his lap . 
 `` me , too , son . '' 
 he glanced toward tooty sitting on the porch swing still holding a squirming eli . 
 when he rolled forward , she stepped off the porch and set his baby on the ground . 
 running toward him , eli shouted , `` daddy ! 
 daddy ! '' 
 miles could n't swallow the lump that had gotten bigger . 
 eli reached him and threw his little arms around miles legs . 
 miles lifted him onto his lap beside harris and rolled toward tooty . 
 he wondered what her reaction would be . 
 when she did n't say much beyond a casual greeting , he felt crushing disappointment . 
 * * * tooty lay in bed staring at the ceiling . 
 seeing miles interaction with the boys confirmed the fact that he loved them dearly . 
 if only he loved her half as much . 
 his greeting had seemed cool and forced . 
 she sighed and reached for annabelle 's diary . 
 turning to the final page , she read for the hundredth time ... tuesday , december 25 , 1883 it has been years since i 've written in my diary . 
 i found it yesterday while i was looking for the present i 'd special ordered for eli and then hidden . 
 silly me , i 'd forgotten where i 'd put it . 
 it was a new set of whittling knives , and when he opened them this morning , he was so pleased . 
 his present to me was a carving of our family . 
 it 's simply the most beautiful sculpture he 's ever created . 
 in the center is me and eli and we 're surrounded by our five children : sam , jake , matt , tom , and jen . 
 what surprised me most was that eli did a full carving of all of us , not just half bodies that meld into the wood . 
 he carved himself in a wheelchair and even showed that his legs are missing . 
 later , in bed , he told me that he 'd seen my surprise . 
 then he said something that i will forever cherish and carry with me when i pass on to whatever lies beyond this world . 
 he said , `` i would do it all again just to be with you and our children . 
 i love you more than life , my sweet annabelle . '' 
 i think i will never write another diary entry because this one is the crowning glory of all my days . 
 chapter 19 : published tooty could barely contain her excitement . 
 copies of her poetry book had arrived . 
 running back to the house from her mailbox at the entrance to her property , she asked miles if he 'd watch the boys while she made a trip to town . 
 he looked up from his laptop . 
 `` sure . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` i just need to pick something up . 
 i 'll show you when i get back . '' 
 `` you 're looking pretty excited . 
 i ca n't wait . '' 
 tooty rushed to her truck . 
 over the past month , she and miles had fallen into a routine . 
 he seemed satisfied living in their humble home and she no longer tortured herself with `` what ifs '' and recriminations . 
 they were both busy writing and sharing responsibilities for the boys . 
 as soon as harris and eli were tucked into bed in the evenings , she 'd say goodnight to miles and work on her latest project in her room . 
 she was writing a fictional love story based on annabelle 's diary . 
 the more she wrote , the more the characters came alive in her mind , and she wondered if miles felt the same way about his own characters . 
 often , she would sit on the porch visualizing annabelle and eli and their children laughing in her yard . 
 at the rural post office , she rushed to the counter and handed over her slip . 
 the clerk did a double take . 
 `` hey , i seen you on the cover of tattle tale mag . 
 you 're married to that famous author . 
 wow . 
 i want you to know i do n't believe the crap they write , but it sure makes for entertaining reading . 
 me and my friends are bettin ' your marriage will last more than six months . 
 hell , we 're believin ' it 'll last fifty years 'cause somebody needs a happily-ever-after in this life . 
 i sure ai n't found mine . '' 
 tooty gave the woman a little smile and tuned her ramblings out . 
 grabbing her package , she hastened back to her car . 
 she just could n't wait to open it and searched her glove box for her pocket knife . 
 slicing through the wrapping , she held her breath and lifted one of the complementary copies of sweet torment . 
 gently flipping through the pages , she felt overcome with pride for her accomplishment . 
 she 'd wanted to tell miles so many times , but intimidation had held her back . 
 he was such an accomplished writer and she wondered what he 'd think . 
 would he consider her poetry drivel and just say nice things to keep from hurting her feelings . 
 that would be worse than him telling her his true thoughts . 
 returning her attention to the book , she grinned . 
 unless someone did some digging , they 'd never know that tooty townsend had written this collection . 
 thank you annabelle for my pen name , anna belle . 
 when she got home and carried the box into the living room , miles had eli on his lap tickling him and harris was playing with his miniature race cars . 
 miles glanced up and his eyes rested on the box . 
 `` okay , boys , time to chill . 
 in fact , i think it 's eli 's naptime . '' 
 `` what 's in the box , mommy ? '' 
 asked harris . 
 `` nothing you need to know about right now . '' 
 she took the books to her bedroom and then returned to hoist eli into her arms , `` yep , its naptime . 
 come on , harris , you can read to your brother , but if you start goofing off , i 'm gon na separate you two . 
 understood ? '' 
 `` yes , mom , '' said harris . 
 `` yeth , mommy , '' said eli . 
 tooty settled the boys in their bedroom and then returned to her own room to retrieve sweet torment . 
 her pulse pounded when she walked back to the living room . 
 miles said , `` okay , tooty , the mystery is driving me crazy . '' 
 butterflies swarmed in her stomach . 
 she handed the book to him . 
 he accepted it , looked it over , and then said , `` anna belle . 
 pretty name . 
 do you know her ? '' 
 `` ah , yes and no . '' 
 he waited for her to explain . 
 `` i 've been reading the diary of a woman named annabelle who was born in the 1800s . 
 i only know her through words . '' 
 `` did she write this book of poetry ? '' 
 tooty inhaled slowly . 
 `` no ... i did . 
 i made her name my pen name . '' 
 miles jerked his gaze from the book to tooty . 
 `` you wrote this ? 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` i-i do n't know . 
 i guess because you 're so accomplished and-and i-i feel so ... amateurish . '' 
 as if it were a rare flower , miles fingered the book and slowly flipped through the pages . 
 when he looked up , he said , `` i 'm so proud of you . '' 
 tooty had n't expected that and blinked rapidly against tears . 
 `` i-i need to be alone for a few minutes . '' 
 she rushed from the room and headed toward the quiet spot near the river that she often enjoyed . 
 * * * through the window , miles watched tooty run toward the trees . 
 lovingly , he turned to the first page of her book and started reading . 
 the book was n't long , only forty pages , but it was beautifully written and illustrated . 
 as he read , he fell even more in love with his sweet young wife . 
 he read the last poem and his heart stopped . 
 my bright man his eyes , the color of love paint my soul with living shades he is the shadow of my dreams he knows me as no other will i ever meet him ? 
 do miles separate us ? 
 or is he the bright star in my backyard ? 
 is he fey ? 
 or is he man ? 
 he is near , yet so far . 
 i am young , but old in hurt . 
 he is old , but unaware of his youth . 
 we are paradoxes of ourselves . 
 how shall we end our sweet torment ? 
 chapter 20 : surprises go both ways a week after tooty had shown miles her book , she knocked on his bedroom door and it slid open a crack . 
 he had n't said anything about the last poem in her book , although he 'd been very encouraging about her writing . 
 hesitantly , she peeked inside . 
 `` miles , '' she said softly . 
 the room was empty . 
 a movement out his window caught her attention and she saw him rolling toward the trees . 
 she 'd wanted to ask his opinion on an idea she had about redecorating the boys ' bedroom , but more importantly , she 'd wanted to tell him about receiving her first email from a fan . 
 it made her giddy just knowing someone had read sweet torment and liked it enough to shoot her an email . 
 as she turned to leave , she noticed a paper on the floor . 
 bending to retrieve it , she reached to set it on the desk , but stopped short when she saw her name . 
 feeling like a snoop , but unable to reel in her curiosity , she read the sentence with her name . 
 gasping , she read everything and then reread it to make sure she was n't hallucinating . 
 placing the page back on the floor where she 'd found it , she stepped from her husband 's room and went to the porch swing , pondering what she 'd read . 
 harris and eli burst through the front door and onto the porch . 
 `` where 's daddy going ? '' 
 harris pointed at miles , now stopped at the edge of the drive and close to the trees . 
 `` i think he 's just enjoying the lovely fall leaves . 
 he 'll be back soon . '' 
 `` can me and eli play on the grass before it gets dark ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 for the next hour , tooty watched her boys play while miles sat near the tree line . 
 at dusk , she called her children inside to take baths . 
 she heard miles enter the house and then his bedroom door open and close . 
 later , she and miles and the boys ate leftovers and then he tucked their sons into bed and returned to his room . 
 tooty soaked in a bath fragrant with lilac salts . 
 pinning her hair up and dressing in a simple cotton gown with spaghetti straps , she sucked two shaky breaths , left the bathroom , and knocked on miles door . 
 without waiting for him to open it or call her in , she cracked the door . 
 `` may i come in , '' she asked . 
 `` of course . '' 
 she stepped inside and closed the door , leaning her back against it . 
 miles lay on his bed , his back propped against pillows , with a book in his hands . 
 he laid the book against his chest and looked questioningly at her . 
 tooty 's pulse pounded in her throat . 
 hesitantly at first , and then with more courage , she stepped forward until she stood next to the bed . 
 never taking her eyes from her husband 's glittering ones , she reached and began pulling pins from her hair . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 she asked , `` do you love me , miles ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he answered softly . 
 she put her knees on the side of the bed and leaned toward him . 
 when her lips were just inches above his , she asked , `` how shall we end our sweet torment ? '' 
 chapter 21 : confessions miles gently stroked his wife 's face and hair where she lay on his chest . 
 he kissed the top of her head . 
 never had he felt so fulfilled . 
 they had loved each other all night and now dawn peeked through the window . 
 tooty had admitted during the night that she 'd seen the fax sent to him by his agent . 
 he smiled . 
 his plan of surprising her and showing her how much he loved her in a big way had happened in a small way . 
 the dedication of his latest novel was devoted entirely to her and he 'd written it to dispel any doubts she or the public might have about how he felt . 
 he 'd meant for it to be a great romantic act and the past weeks had been murder on him waiting for the book 's release . 
 so many times , he 'd almost pulled tooty into his arms and made passionate love to her . 
 after reading her collection of beautiful poetry and the final poem , my bright man , he 'd finally been slammed with the realization that she loved him deeply , and had done so for years . 
 tooty sighed and kissed his chest . 
 rising above him , she smiled and rubbed her cute nose against his . 
 he reached to stroke her cheek and promised , `` we 're going on a honeymoon . '' 
 she kissed his neck repeatedly . 
 `` can we practice our honeymoon again before the boys get up ? '' 
 `` anything your heart desires . '' 
 he placed his hand under her chin and pulled her mouth toward his . 
 before his lips touched hers , he said , `` i 'm so happy you found my dedication . 
 i had another week to wait before the book came out and i was going crazy with wanting you . '' 
 `` now we ca n't have you going crazy , '' she teased , and then made him forget everything but her . 
 dedication the dedication of this book belongs solely to my wife . 
 without her , i would never have attempted such a romantic story because i would never have experienced the depths of passion necessary to convey the feelings of my characters . 
 my wife is my heart , my joy , my creativity , my frustration , my soul , my friend , my lover , my everything . 
 tooty , i love you . 
 i adore you . 
 i need you . 
 * * * tooty 's heart hammered when she tore open the envelope from the attorney 's office sent special delivery . 
 his secretary had called to explain that beatrice shipley had left instructions to send the letter four years after tooty inherited the home if she was still living there . 
 she pulled the single page from the envelope and glanced at miles . 
 he nodded his encouragement . 
 inhaling , she read aloud . 
 my dear tooty , i 'm so happy you 're still living in your lovely cottage . 
 this letter will be my last . 
 of course , by now , no doubt you have read annabelle 's diary and hopefully applied any lessons learned to your own life . 
 i trust you are happy , if not , keep seeking happiness . 
 you will find it . 
 tooty looked lovingly at miles and smiled her happiness . 
 now to get to the crux of my letter -- it is my delight to inform you that eli and annabelle were our distant relatives and lived on the property you now own . 
 there is a trail leading into the woods and at the end of the trail , near the river , you will see indentations from a long ago cabin . 
 that was eli 's cabin which was enlarged later to accommodate his growing family . 
 the main house where annabelle grew up was in the very spot your home now rests . 
 the old home was torn down in the 1940s and this one built . 
 you probably do n't know this yet , but annabelle 's mother 's maiden name was townsend . 
 seems we all share a distant grandfather . 
 as if annabelle 's diary is not treasure enough , you have one more to discover . 
 no doubt it did n't take you long to decipher my clue as to whereabouts of the diary , and this clue is also simple . 
 i 'm sure you will work it out before long . 
 when you find this treasure , there will also be a chart showing our family ancestry . 
 may the sweetness of annabelle 's diary guide you and yours through this journey we call life . 
 i finished mine with regrets . 
 hopefully , you will have no regrets when you come to the end of yours . 
 i wish you happiness , tooty . 
 oh , lest i forget , here is the clue that will lead you to my final clue : the pride of annabelle is in her pride . 
 -- beatrice shipley chapter 22 : the search begins tooty lay in bed facing miles . 
 after returning the previous week from a romantic three week honeymoon at miles ' villa in the languedoc valley of southern france , they had fallen into a lovely routine of playing with the children , writing and editing each other 's work , and making passionate love often . 
 tonight , tooty reread beatrice 's last letter aloud . 
 when she folded the paper and put it back in the envelope , miles said , `` maybe we 're making this more complicated than it is . '' 
 `` you 're probably right . '' 
 `` there is something i find curious , however . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` she wrote the word ` pride ' twice , capitalizing one and not the other ? '' 
 `` well , her writing is kind of scrawled . 
 you know , old people are not always consistent in their handwriting . '' 
 `` true . 
 maybe we should read the diary from the beginning and see if anything pops out . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll get it . '' 
 tooty jumped from the bed and hastened to the desk drawer containing the box protecting the diary . 
 sitting indian style next to miles she began reading aloud . 
 after a few minutes she came to these words : after supper i decided to read to him . 
 i pulled out my favorite book , pride and prejudice . 
 tooty jerked her head up and looked at miles with rounded eyes . 
 he said , `` tooty , maybe we 're on to something . 
 are n't there a number of classical novels that came with the house ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 i stored them in a box and put them on the top shelf of the boys ' closet . 
 i 'd forgotten about them until now . '' 
 she jumped off the bed and raced to her sons ' bedroom . 
 tiptoeing in , she set a child 's stool in front of the closet , stood on it , and reached toward the back of the shelf , pulling a cardboard box forward . 
 with a grunt , she lifted the heavy box and carried it back to miles . 
 setting it on the floor , her hands shook as she lifted the flaps and pulled out precious tomes . 
 she called out each title , `` treasure island , the time machine , the count of monte cristo , little women ... '' after pulling out about twenty books , there were only two left and her heart sank . 
 she lifted another one and turned it over . 
 she gasped , `` pride and prejudice . '' 
 jumping back onto the bed she held it out to miles . 
 `` you open it , i 'm too nervous . '' 
 he lifted the book from her hands and gently opened the hardbound cover . 
 he read the words on the cover page . 
 a christmas gift for my precious daughter annabelle , from your loving mother , in the year of our lord , 1863 . 
 tooty gasped ! 
 miles turned to the back of the book . 
 `` there 's nothing on the back page . '' 
 he returned to the cover page and began turning pages , one by one . 
 after several , he stopped and pointed to a letter that had been circled with a pen . 
 a few pages later , another letter was circled . 
 throughout the remainder of the book , letters and sometimes a number in a page number had been circled . 
 tooty grabbed a pencil and pad and wrote them down as he called them out . 
 after he closed the book she repeated what she 'd written : k t g y e e and 1 1 1 1 miles grinned . 
 `` i think we have a scramblegram . '' 
 tooty giggled , `` this is fun . 
 let 's see what words we can make . '' 
 she handed miles a pad and pencil . 
 after a few minutes , he said , `` i think i 've got it . '' 
 `` oh , tell me ! 
 tell me ! '' 
 `` get key . '' 
 tooty looked at his notepad that he 'd turned toward her . 
 `` yes , that has to be it . 
 but where is the key and what do the numbers mean ? '' 
 `` have you found any keys in drawers or anywhere in the house ? '' 
 `` not that i remember . '' 
 `` you know , a key and numbers can be associated with a safe deposit box . '' 
 `` but who would have the key ? '' 
 they looked at each other and then said in unison , `` the attorney . '' 
 tooty barely slept . 
 the next morning at precisely nine o'clock she called beatrice 's attorney , introducing herself as tooty townsend to the receptionist so as not to confuse them . 
 the attorney immediately took her call . 
 `` good morning , mrs. brightman . 
 let me offer my congratulations on your marriage . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 he chuckled , `` i 'm a great fan of maxwell henry . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` the umm newspaper at the grocery checkout first alerted me . 
 i do n't condone those kinds of papers , but that 's how i found out . 
 how may i help you ? '' 
 tooty laughed . 
 `` at least they only called me a bumpkin and not an alien from a distant planet . 
 but , to get back to the reason for my call -- in beatrice 's last letter , she said there would be no more correspondence , but did she happen to leave a key to be given to me if i inquired about one ? '' 
 `` how delightful you 've discovered its existence ! 
 yes , i have the key . 
 she told me i was to give it to you in ten years , if you did n't ask for it sooner . 
 it opens a safe deposit box at a denver bank . 
 i do n't know the contents . 
 would you like me to overnight the key or would you prefer to pick it up ? '' 
 * * * tooty and miles entered bank of the wild west and walked to the help desk . 
 after tooty explained who she was and showed her key , the clerk pulled paperwork and asked for her id . 
 then she asked tooty to punch in the password on a keypad . 
 holding her breath she keyed in 1111 . 
 the clerk watched her computer screen , and said , `` please follow me . '' 
 she pressed a buzzer and explained that tooty was the only one who could enter the safe deposit boxes vault . 
 miles smiled encouragingly . 
 `` go find your treasure , honey . '' 
 tooty said , `` i 'm looking at him . '' 
 inside the vault , the clerk pulled a box about two feet square and set it on a tall table before leaving tooty alone . 
 tooty stared at the box , blinking back tears . 
 slowly , she placed her key in the slot and turned . 
 it clicked . 
 with trembling hands she lifted the lid and gasped . 
 ever so carefully she reached to remove the carving of annabelle , eli , and their five children . 
 the exquisite detail portrayed unmistakable expressions of joy on annabelle 's face , love on eli 's , and the differing personalities of their children . 
 lovingly , her fingertips traced annabelle 's form and eli in his wheelchair . 
 lifting the carving she read the words etched beneath , `` i would do it all again for the gift of annabelle . '' 
 tooty stifled a sob and reached for the paper at the bottom of the box . 
 it was the ancestry chart . 
 across the bottom , beatrice had written , some stories are meant to be told . 
 by whatever means possible , tell their story , tooty . 
 epilogue `` okay , mrs. brightman , it 's time for another big push . 
 the baby 's head has crowned . '' 
 `` arwwwwwggg . '' 
 tooty gripped miles ' hands and pushed as hard as she could . 
 after the contraction , she said with conviction , `` miles , i swear your kisses make babies . '' 
 he patted her hand , `` i know , honey , i know . '' 
 she yelled , `` here it comes again ! 
 aaahhhowwww . '' 
 two hours later , tooty and miles gazed lovingly at their fourth son . 
 she said , `` can you believe austin was born on the same day the gift hits the market . 
 this day is a celebration of life . 
 our baby 's birth and annabelle and eli 's story breathed into eternity . '' 
 miles ran a finger down his baby 's cheek and then lifted it to caress his wife 's cheek . 
 she looked lovingly into his eyes . 
 `` miles , in a couple of years , we still need to try for our girl . '' 
 miles smiled slow and sexy . 
 `` i 'd love to give you some baby kisses , sweetheart . '' 
 author 's note i hope you enjoyed the dual love stories in book three of the romance on the ranch series , baby kisses . 
 i am a hopeless romantic for whom there is no cure . 
 the fourth book , candy kisses , stars a heroine i had never considered until a reader emailed and suggested her . 
 at first , i thought , `` naw . 
 she 'd never work . '' 
 but after a few months , i started thinking maybe she would ; maybe her story needs to be told . 
 to discover my latest heroine in this series , please read the excerpt . 
 i have also included an excerpt from my new series oasis -lrb- romance in the grand canyon state -rrb- . 
 the romantic stars of the first book , stranded in oasis , are maximilian rutherford iii and pilar armstrong -- utterly mismatched -- but destined to fall in love . 
 stripped of his ceo position and banished to the desert by his grandfather , max is about to meet his match in feisty pilar and discover life in the desert `` ai n't so bad . '' 
 the second book , branded in oasis , is the romance between skylar rutherford -lrb- max 's sister -rrb- and motorcycle mechanic , kade blackwell . 
 skylar wants to turn kade into the next supermodel and he only goes along with the craziness because he needs money for something very important . 
 send me an email : vernaclay@vernaclay.com visit my website : www.vernaclay.com chapter 1 : speak of the devil candy kisses -lrb- excerpt -rrb- romance on the ranch series # 4 tooty admonished her boys as they piled out of the van , `` morgan , stop tormenting your brother ! 
 harris , make sure morgan and eli are careful when they climb the ladder . 
 and when i call you for lunch , i do n't want you dallying around . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` oh , and one more thing -- have fun ! '' 
 harris , eli , and morgan yelled thanks to their mom and then shouted for joy as they raced across the drive on a perfect spring saturday . 
 six months pregnant and with her youngest son , two year old austin on her hip , tooty waited until her boys had reached the tree house sage tanner and jackson martinez had just finished building a week earlier , before climbing her porch steps next to the wheelchair ramp for her husband . 
 `` i wan na pway wid brothers , '' austin pouted . 
 `` honey , after i let daddy know we 're home i 'll take you to play . '' 
 `` otay , mommy . '' 
 on the porch tooty set austin down and juggled the grocery sack so she could open the front door . 
 glancing around , she made a mental note to water the bulbs in her window boxes and sweep the debris that had blown across the porch . 
 although miles insisted that she hire help for the innumerable chores necessary for their family of six -- soon to be seven , she enjoyed working around the home she had inherited before marrying miles , and which they had expanded upon by adding three bedrooms , two bathrooms , a family room , an office , and modernizing the kitchen . 
 the additions were larger than the original house . 
 `` miles ! 
 i 'm home ! '' 
 tooty called as austin ran to find his daddy . 
 `` i ordered the new blinds for our bedroom . 
 i ca n't wait 'til they arrive . '' 
 she entered the kitchen . 
 austin had already climbed onto his father 's lap and was grinning from ear-to-ear as he reached for a cookie on a platter in the center of the table . 
 the strange expression on miles ' face while he talked on his cell phone alerted tooty to the fact that something was wrong . 
 her heart dropped . 
 had someone been hurt ? 
 lifting austin off his lap , she carried him and his cookie to the family room to play with the myriad of toys always scattered about . 
 when she returned , miles was saying into his phone , `` hmm . 
 the guy 's a rat . 
 are you going to pursue legal action if you find him ? '' 
 tooty walked to the sink , poured herself a glass of water , and then sat across from miles . 
 he glanced at her , shook his head and said , `` monica , let me think about your situation and then i 'll call you back . '' 
 tooty 's eyes rounded . 
 monica ! 
 she jerked her hand to her mouth in surprise . 
 miles watched her reaction and slowly nodded that it was the same person tooty suspected . 
 snotty monica , my husband 's ex-girlfriend is calling him ! 
 miles said , `` do n't cry . 
 everything will work out . '' 
 he listened and finished with , `` try not to worry . 
 i 'll talk to you soon . '' 
 he touched the screen of his cell phone to disconnect and shook his head again . 
 `` i ca n't believe it . '' 
 tooty , on pins and needles , waited for him to spill the beans . 
 `` give me just a minute , '' he said , and rolled his wheelchair to the counter to pour a cup of coffee . 
 after opening the fridge and dousing a healthy dose of cream into his cup , he returned to the table and sipped . 
 tooty said , `` miles , if you keep me in suspense much longer , i 'm going to scream . '' 
 her husband set his cup down . 
 `` monica is broke , homeless , and ... three months pregnant . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 tooty 's eyes rounded like saucers . 
 `` seems she got involved with some smooth talker who convinced her that he was an investment banker , and after they 'd lived together for some months , she invested all of her funds in what she thought was a high yielding account . 
 a few days later the scumbag left her high and dry and the authorities think he skipped the country . 
 then , within the same week , her company downsized and laid her off . '' 
 miles was n't finished , `` and the next week she discovered she was pregnant after she got an eviction notice because ` scum bag ' had n't paid the rent like he 'd said . '' 
 tooty held her hands to her cheeks in shock . 
 `` what 's she going to do ... about the baby , i mean ? '' 
 miles smiled and chuckled . 
 `` she surprised me there . 
 she said she 's going to keep this baby no matter what . 
 she said if i could survive having so many children , she could survive having just one . '' 
 still shocked , tooty asked , `` why is she calling you ? 
 does she want to borrow money ? '' 
 `` actually , no . 
 i offered to give her a loan , but she refused . 
 she said the reason she 'd called , other than having a shoulder to cry on , was to ask if i had any connections for a new job . 
 she said she 's been applying for positions for a month , with no luck , and i was the only friend she could think to call . '' 
 `` well , that does n't surprise me . 
 her not having friends , i mean . 
 so she has n't contacted your mom or dad ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she said she has n't spoken with them in over a year and now she 's too mortified to do so . '' 
 `` well , as you know , she 's not on my list of favorite people after that stunt she pulled in new york . 
 she wanted me to feel like a hick at that fancy restaurant , and i sure did , but i 'm not so vindictive as to not want things to turn out well for her . 
 i know what it 's like to be alone , pregnant , and rejected by the father of your child . '' 
 miles reached his hand across the small table and clasped hers . 
 `` but i 'm eternally grateful that harris ' father turned out to be such a lowlife . 
 i love you , tooty , and i love harris like my own son . '' 
 tooty lifted the hand of the father of eli , morgan , and austin and their teeny bun still in the oven , and kissed it . 
 chapter 1 : reassignment stranded in oasis -lrb- excerpt -rrb- oasis series # 1 romance in the grand canyon state veering off the u.s. 93 onto the off-ramp , maximilian rutherford iii , ground his teeth and slammed his three quarters-of-a-million dollar rv to a halt at a stop sign with graffiti declaring , `` hot as hell , '' and then turned onto a narrow , two lane road with dips that even an outrageously expensive rv could n't disguise . 
 the next sign he passed said , `` oasis 12 miles . '' 
 staring at distant bluffs encasing flat desert of scrub brush , a scattering of mesquite and juniper trees , and plenty of cacti , he once again spewed a string of profanities at his grandfather . 
 up until a week ago he 'd considered his relationship with his paternal grandfather , maximilian rutherford i -- someone he mostly saw only during management meetings because of their busy lifestyles -- to be satisfactory . 
 he 'd always called his grandfather by his shortened first name -- max . 
 the old gentleman had never been `` grandpa '' or `` gramps '' to any of his grandchildren , but that was to be expected from one who ran the multi-faceted , multi-billion dollar rutherford acquisitions empire . 
 there simply was no time for family get-togethers when you were globetrotting and looking for your next company to buy , overhaul , and sell to the highest bidder . 
 max iii , who was supposed to be a chip off the old `` grandfather block , '' scanned the terrain before him . 
 being the second of june , the weather was n't outrageously hot ... yet . 
 he hated hot weather . 
 grinding his jaw again , he replayed the unfortunate circumstances that had landed him in the pits of hell in the arizona desert . 
 oasis , my ass . 
 ten days ago he had been happily -- well , maybe not happily , but studiously -- performing his job as the interim ceo of their latest acquisition , a company that developed and manufactured computer chips . 
 his job duties with rutherford acquisitions involved taking charge and reorganizing the acquired company for the purpose of making it attractive to buyers . 
 it usually took one to two years before the failing corporation made enough of a turnaround to sell for a profit , and that was one reason his grandfather 's latest order was so confusing . 
 he slammed his hand on the steering wheel . 
 damn the old man ! 
 max had flown all night from the west coast to the east coast and the headquarters of his grandfather 's vast empire in manhattan after he 'd been summoned . 
 his grandfather 's call had come during the first meeting of a week of meetings that had been scheduled with it moguls -- men who were key to launching this latest acquisition back into the marketplace . 
 it had taken max weeks to set the meetings up and when he 'd tried to explain that to his grandfather , the old man had just blown it off and insisted he reschedule because his presence was mandatory in new york . 
 the minute max had entered the office of maximilian rutherford i , he 'd known his grandfather was up to something . 
 respectfully , he 'd greeted his elder , accepted a shot of bourbon , and declined a cigar . 
 while the old guy puffed away and talked about his latest success in the stock market , max waited to hear what his gut feeling told him he was n't going to like . 
 he did n't have to wait long . 
 max , sr. set his cigar in his crystal ashtray , sipped his bourbon , casually leaned backward , and said , `` i 'm reassigning you . '' 
 frowning , max had leaned forward . 
 `` but sir , i 'm about to close a deal that will skyrocket the value of the company in california . '' 
 the old man made a dismissive motion with his hand . 
 `` your stepbrother can handle it . 
 i 've already reassigned him to the project . '' 
 max shot halfway out of his seat . 
 `` what ! 
 without even consulting me ! '' 
 unfazed by his grandson 's shout , max , sr. said in his most commanding voice , `` sit down , max . '' 
 max could feel his blood pressure rising as he sat back in his chair . 
 max , sr. stood and walked to the bank of windows overlooking manhattan sixty-three stories below . 
 without explanation , he said , `` as tough and mean as i am , i 'll not live forever . 
 i 've been reviewing my will with my attorney and before i make final decisions as to the disposition of my company and assets after my demise , i need to know the tenacity of my heirs . '' 
 those words gave max pause . 
 was the old man dying of some disease ? 
 max , sr. turned from the windows and answered his grandson 's unspoken question . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't have any dreaded ailment as far as i know . 
 but i do have a driving ambition to know what my heirs are made of . 
 my only child , god rest his soul , was n't cut from the same cloth as you or i . 
 he was a tree hugger who would have driven this company into bankruptcy had he lived and inherited my estate . 
 he wanted to support every whiney cause that crossed his desk . '' 
 max , sr. seemed lost in his memories and max 's wrath softened . 
 the old man continued , `` it was one of those causes that took his life . 
 he drowned fording a river in the amazon while heading up an expedition to save some rare bird . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 max had heard the story a million times , but he did n't interrupt his grandfather . 
 as much as the old man bitched about his son 's `` do-gooder '' ways , it was obvious he 'd loved his boy . 
 max waited for his own fate to be revealed . 
 he was n't like his father . 
 he was tough as nails , so the reason for being pulled from his latest assignment , when he was so close to success , irked and puzzled him . 
 max , sr. turned back to the bank of windows . 
 after a moment of silence , he said , `` do n't take your next assignment lightly . 
 it will determine whether i hand the reins of my company over to you after i 'm gone , or give it to your step-brother , bertram . '' 
 at the mention of bertram , max 's anger renewed itself . 
 two years older than max , the man was an ass-and-a-half . 
 bertie could play the part of a loving grandson when in the presence of max , sr. , but he was a thorn to max . 
 max rued the day his mother had remarried to an oil magnate four years after max ii died . 
 bertie 's father had later lost his wealth due to wrong decisions and died of a heart attack when max was twenty . 
 max , sr. spoke again and his words sent an arrow of foreboding down max 's spine . 
 `` i 'm sending you to arizona for six months . '' 
 `` what the hell is in arizona ? '' 
 max , sr. turned from the window and studied his grandson . 
 quietly , he said , `` the keys to your fate , boy . '' 
 max squinted and waited . 
 he supposed he could deal with six months in phoenix . 
 he wondered what acquisition his grandfather had purchased there . 
 his grandfather 's next words shattered his vision of working from a high rise in the capital city . 
 max , sr. walked back to his desk , opened a drawer , and pulled out a paper . 
 he handed it across the desk and max reached for it . 
 his grandfather said , `` this is where you 'll be staying in the town of oasis , about fifty miles northwest of phoenix . '' 
 max 's frown increased as he accepted the page that had been printed off a website with the internet address of desertprincess.com . 
 he furrowed his brow and read the page . 
 was this some kind of a joke ? 
 it was an advertisement for a trailer park . 
 spend your winters at desert princess trailer and rv park in beautiful oasis , arizona . 
 max lifted confused eyes to his grandfather 's . 
 `` what are you telling me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i 'm telling you that you 're going to manage that trailer park for six months and it will decide your future with my company . '' 
 max , who oversaw billion dollar investments and hobnobbed with the most influential personalities in the world , could n't wrap his mind around his grandfather 's instructions . 
 he simply looked from the printout with a picture of an assortment of trailers and rvs parked in rows amidst desert sand dotted with cacti , a few scraggly trees and scrub brush , back to his grandfather . 
 the old man reached to push a button on his intercom . 
 `` peggy , when 's my next appointment and who is it with ? '' 
 peggy , max 's secretary since the creation of man , who looked to be that old , said in her no-nonsense voice , `` you have a three-thirty with the governor of south carolina . '' 
 max , sr. stood . 
 `` son , it 's nice seeing you , but i 've got some research to catch up on before meeting with the governor . 
 he 's looking for assistance with their transportation issues and i may have just the company to fit the bill . '' 
 max , jr. could n't make his legs move . 
 softly , he said , `` sir , you 're joking , right ? 
 you 're not really sending me to oversee a trailer park ? '' 
 he even managed a chuckle . 
 his grandfather , looking completely serious , replied , `` what part of ` head off to arizona ' do n't you understand ? '' 
 novels and novellas by verna clay western romance contemporary romance on the ranch series dream kisses honey kisses baby kisses candy kisses christmas kisses rock star kisses forever kisses oasis series stranded in oasis branded in oasis crashed in oasis historic unconventional series * abby : mail order bride broken angel ryder 's salvation joy 's return * gold medal winner readers ' favorite international book contest finding home series cry of the west : hallie rescue on the rio : lilah missouri challenge : daisy fantasy romance shapeling trilogy roth : book one : protector fawn : book two : master davide : book three : prince jazmine young adult romance -lrb- verna clay writing as colleen clay -rrb- fragile hearts audio books abby : mail order bride broken angel cry of the west : hallie 
