 all in mid-august by nunzia castaldo smashwords edition *** published by nunzia castaldo on smashwords *** other ebooks by nunzia castaldo published on smashwords : finding the way out https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/420701 e-book trailer on youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4_9q5tpo_fy&feature=youtu.be regarding cat aphrodite by dog briar https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/424617 downloading of this ebook is free . 
 you and i poetry https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/426285 dog briar https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/429561 about me : my blog : writernancy http://scriverebynancy.blogspot.it/ e-book trailer on youtube : scrittrice nancy http://www.youtube.com/channel/ucqo6owel0oulv8yjusky3va *** all in mid-august copyright © 2014 by nunzia castaldo cover design by loris periani thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 it remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced , scanned , or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author . 
 no alteration of content is allowed . 
 your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated . 
 this book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons , living or dead , or places , events or locales is purely coincidental . 
 the characters are productions of the author 's imagination and used fictitiously . 
 thank you for reading . 
 if you enjoyed this book , then encourage your friends to download their own copy . 
 two women , two different stories , all in mid-august between bologna and green island *** law firm stanzani aug. 9 , 13:00 a few hours before departure , she was still working , sitting at your desk , in the law firm of which she was proprietor . 
 trizia checked the time : it was late and did not want to miss the plane . 
 she had booked an apartment at thermar and already saw the elegant costumes from the line modeled rejuvenating soak in the thermal waters . 
 she had a desperate need to devote time to rest . 
 she had chosen the spa vacation . 
 she swung her head to get rid of tiredness ; saved the work and turned off the computer . 
 meanwhile , she blamed . 
 exaggerated , she was always engaged in the work , but she harbored the ambition . 
 she was a perfectionist and never surrendered . 
 moreover , she had inherited from his father george . 
 with persistence , she had become a civil lawyer estimated , and had a great clientele . 
 law firm stanzani enjoyed today of equal reputation in bologna . 
 from the time of george , the founder , nothing had changed . 
 she saw him at work , sitting right behind that desk . 
 unfortunately he died suddenly when she was just enabled the profession . 
 she brought it to his lips the cup of cold coffee . 
 close the studio made her anxious , always . 
 now , enough though . 
 she tidies and away on vacation . 
 she moved from the desktop to the files and antique furniture that his father had bought in the fifties . 
 the co-workers told her that it was time to change the furniture , which not represented at all , but she thought that they spoke only envy . 
 trizia put practices in the archive . 
 in the background came the vibration of the vortex of cold air forced . 
 the new air conditioner was very useful . 
 she checked the time . 
 an hour later she had to be at the reception desk to the airport . 
 he hastened to place the fountain in a travel bag , linen colorless birthday of her friend carla . 
 friend and companion of tourist travel . 
 not in that circumstance to family commitments , but insisted there was at least the bag . 
 here she is satisfied . 
 already full of the necessary watched measured , and rested on the desk , grabbing the long handles fixed to wooden oval buttons , when he heard a knock on the office door . 
 it was simon , the secretary , announcing the arrival of mr. stephen trombley . 
 the lawyer picked up the cards and slipped gently into the computer case . 
 she had forgotten the customer . 
 trombley , phoned , two days after the end of the study , for to have a consultation . 
 he wanted to know what to do against the request for payment of estate tax . 
 she replied that it was a necessary action . 
 from what he had mentioned , it seemed possible , but it would not have been able to say with certainty . 
 she needed to find out . 
 she would have occurred on his return , after mid-august . 
 the man , however , had insisted on getting an invitation . 
 he explained that he had spoken to her on the recommendation of a client of the firm , and who did not want to wait , to keep in your head that doubt much longer . 
 she was about to leave , he could ignore the request , dismiss it and putting it off , but she did not . 
 she belonged , a strong sense of duty , and for that good customer of long standing , well-off and well-known in the city . 
 she had therefore agreed to make an appointment at noon . 
 she looked at the clock : it was nearly thirteen had little time and the trader had arrived an hour late ; snorted impatient . 
 `` trombley , '' she said with a slight smile on his lips and the somewhat harsh tone in his voice . 
 stephen noticed . 
 he was late , he knew , but it was from san lazzaro , with public transportation . 
 then he had run down the street from the bus stop to the palace , and went up by the stairs two at a time , still panting . 
 he pulled from his pants pocket handkerchief and wiped his forehead . 
 `` excuse me lawyer , i could not close before the delicatessen ; stayed home this year people ; there is crisis . '' 
 he snorted softly . 
 trizia leaned back in his chair and looked at him sternly professional . 
 `` you know that if delayed more than we talked about after the holidays ? '' 
 punctuality for her was synonymous with correctness . 
 she did not keep to himself what he thought . 
 `` he brought the dossier ? '' 
 he touched the bag to pull out the stylus just placed . 
 she was nervous . 
 to touch the old fountain pen fine white gold , with three small gemstones diamond clip on the cap , he reminded his father . 
 george was the gift for graduation honors . 
 she had separated from the more precious pen . 
 it was a source of inspiration , whisper of approval and lobbying . 
 she recovered his usual calm . 
 `` here it is , as i had requested . '' 
 to stephen bothered her tone , but he showed he needed counseling . 
 `` sit down , '' he said trizia and pointed to the chair . 
 she hastened to consult the documents . 
 she was undecided . 
 focus and meticulously check the cards , as she was accustomed to do more , or browse them fast and rely on his professionalism ? 
 she strove for a synthesis . 
 the air conditioner could feel the rise in temperature brought by the customer hot , spinning and stronger . 
 the noise and the rustling of the documents turned over quickly were the only sounds heard by trombley . 
 meanwhile , his gaze slid around the furniture in walnut , decorated with inlays and finished briar , crammed with tomes to the library , to the index topped gatherers left in a disorderly order , under the window that overlooked the boulevards . 
 he paused for a moment to look beyond the windows closed , the green canopy of ipocastani . 
 indoor air he felt the unmistakable essence of furniture wax mixed with the smells of stationery . 
 stefano appreciated the tasteful and luxurious furnishings . 
 he was snooping on the walls , between the miniatures of medieval bologna and among the gilt frames of academic titles on display . 
 suddenly , however , as he was certain to be incurred in a bureaucratic error , shifted thinking about the plot , certainly salt , to pay . 
 he did not want give not even a penny for that matter . 
 he was right . 
 she was a victim . 
 his chair creaked under him at the click involuntary nervous . 
 meanwhile , the lawyer posed the dossier on the desk by big plan trimmed green briar . 
 quickly she informed him that it was necessary to start the application within the time specified for payment . 
 the resort was absolutely forwarded . 
 the detailed investigation on the possibility of winning it , made her way back . 
 his eyes shone with bluish unbeatable force . 
 for her pursue justice was like a mission and return peace to its customers satisfaction . 
 now she explained to him that the warrant was completed and signed . 
 they compiled . 
 `` so listen carefully , before signing up , i can see it . '' 
 the voice rose and fell , jumped phrases obvious . 
 now she wanted to leave . 
 the shopkeeper followed mute , sitting embedded in the shoulders and tortured hands ripping the film from the nails . 
 this time his gaze was fixed on the doctor , his straight hair . 
 she wore long just to cover her neck . 
 the copper shades on the red titian , donated the character , he thought . 
 then he got thin eyebrows , lips swollen , his cheeks bulging . 
 the doctor was sensual ; she was surprised , she embodied the party , could not be . 
 the lawyer for a moment she lifted his head , pulled by a tuft glasses fell from the fringe , then moved and crossed his legs ; impatient she moved to a rhythm of reading . 
 with an eye to the mandate , she wrote the date and pointed to the black pen in the pen holder conical leather . 
 `` here , sign here . '' 
 trombley bent over the sheet and affixed a signature flickering . 
 he was very upset . 
 she did not fail to notice the anxious expression on his face . 
 stephen spoke jerkily , trying words for the occasion , but more was what he wanted to scream for real . 
 that store was the bane of his life . 
 had caused him a lot of trouble , had cost him a lot of money and did not stop to bring him bad luck . 
 it was something about his father . 
 unpleasant memories resurface . 
 the thought of trizia instead it was over , the things to be taken , and those to leave . 
 handed practice to simon , the secretary and told him to check if the taxi had arrived . 
 on the way back , they would have completed the act . 
 now , only she thought to go on vacation . 
 hastened to leave the office and cut short with the customer . 
 she does not go along with . 
 she had ranked as the guy who does not take off more than around . 
 she did not want to be late at the boarding gate . 
 stephen , however , was anxious for the bureaucratic process to deal with , he continued : `` doctor , i had some things to ask , i can feel comfortable ? '' 
 trizia meanwhile , with the shoulder bag , quickly grabbed the briefcase computer bag with the other hand and drew a red suitcase rigid wheelchair for the polished corridor . 
 he conveyed anxiety , reassured him , even if you do not feel the duty . 
 `` trombley , do not worry ! '' 
 do not underestimate the demands of its customers , ever . 
 she looked at the thin dossier in the hands of the secretary , at the door . 
 `` let 's do this : i will prepare the practice on vacation ; in this way we anticipate the timing of the appeal . '' 
 `` thank you , doctor , thank you . '' 
 the butcher mentioned trizia a smile and was glad . 
 the young secretary interjected nervous , it was late for a lunch break , and he was hungry . 
 the lawyer knew that this week , in his absence , he would take simon calmly , but it was precisely on the job , he did not want to overdo it in the requests . 
 she had chosen male secretary . 
 she had no time to lose . 
 `` here , dr. the taxi is waiting for her in the street , go and have a good trip ! '' 
 with a smile on his lips , he ran them out fast . 
 simone was back at his desk , mood relieved . 
 finally , the doctor would not have squeezed like a lemon . 
 she did not give him a minute of freedom ! 
 he turned off the computer and picked up the receiver . 
 he was looking forward to the days of work without the head and the beginning of the holidays . 
 he called his girlfriend . 
 meanwhile , the lawyer and his client were the flight of stairs . 
 `` let me help . '' 
 stephen felt relieved . 
 the practice was in good hands . 
 he leaned forward to take her suitcase . 
 `` blessed is she who goes on vacation , i need a vacation too ; i have not been in good health , i had to make , not the story experience , now that i finally started to feel better , i get this communication ; moreover want the millions by the undersigned ; are dealer for over twenty years and i have not stolen a penny of taxes . '' 
 under the complaint , unresolved situations of his adolescence , seething . 
 he knew them . 
 many times he had tried to forget them , without ever succeeding . 
 `` on trombley , has the air of a beaten dog , it is not an unsolvable problem . '' 
 they got the nice gray marble staircase , holding the handrails of wrought iron and stood in the courtyard of the palace . 
 `` now excuse me , it 's getting late ; i salute you . '' 
 trizia dragged the suitcase in the direction of the driver . 
 then , she went up the middle that slowly started down the boulevards . 
 she looked , as usual , at the entrance to the city park of gardens margherita . 
 she saw himself as a sunday morning , with niki , her white poodle in the basket on the handlebars , the bike went back alley , breathing the fresh air of the morning drenched in oil and pungent aromas of plantains and ipocastani . 
 one sunday morning , in the ancient and popular public park , she met duilio . 
 it was precisely the playful poodle them together . 
 he was stubborn to bark , to get up on legs , to insist be picked up from him . 
 duilio was not insensible nor niki , or his mistress . 
 fell in love . 
 she was happy at that time . 
 many years had passed , because remember right now ? 
 she could not explain it . 
 the sultry heat invaded the cockpit , while the taxi walked , slow , sunny avenues . 
 meanwhile , more and more nervous , she checked the time from the jewel that led connected to the place . 
 with his right hand to support the cuff , thought too much money spent on the clock , it was a shameless luxury . 
 also she stimulated competition in the male colleagues . 
 they knew appreciate their value . 
 it was estimated . 
 she thought that she would wear it dressed finesse . 
 she jumped on the seat . 
 she had done well to take it with ? 
 mind away from the apprehension that she was coming , suffer a robbery in places of tourism was on the agenda , but she calmed down immediately . 
 she thought that if necessary he would use the safety deposit box . 
 with his handkerchief wiped the glass sapphire and diamond ring . 
 she had seized the occasion of the birthday of one of his recent reward themselves for professional success . 
 with smug self - exaltation complimented for choosing a successful gift that was made . 
 it was very late . 
 trizia invited the taxi driver to use the air conditioner and hurry that the plane was departing . 
 meanwhile trombley had stopped at the archway of the building , facing the garden and the fountain gushing in the middle of the circular tank . 
 the artificial oasis refreshed the heat of the road . 
 he sat down on the stone bench , on the side . 
 folded , with his elbows on his thighs and fingers lanky placed in support of the chin , forehead wiped the crumpled handkerchief . 
 he talked to himself . 
 `` damn my father who has never had concern for me , damn me too ; the past always comes back to torture me . '' 
 he was shaking his head . 
 he looked at the sculptures that surrounded the pool . 
 there were a lion cut down on the buffalo , a tiger in a fight with the snake , and two groups of sirens between the seaweed and rocks . 
 he saw that they were like sculptures by diego sarti , those in montagnola park . 
 he was an expert of his beloved bologna . 
 he thought it was a curious choice for a private building , achieving reproductions . 
 they figured him tribute of affection to the city . 
 strange coincidence played almost a metaphor for his life . 
 it felt just like the buffalo won , not the lion , but by the power of duty and always fighting like a tiger but against snakes nested in his mind . 
 sirens , then , he had never encountered . 
 *** emiliana aug. 9 , 13:00 `` now go alone , i can not take you more '' as his mother pointed , with thin pale hand , the entrance , and she walked in the garden , inside the intricate maze of tall hedges of yew . 
 she gasped and opened his eyes . 
 she came back to reality in the blinding light . 
 the beating heart was pounding in his temples . 
 she felt faint . 
 her mother spoke only in exceptional cases . 
 lying on the couch blue sea , emiliana was dozing in the sun on the terrace roof of his penthouse apartment situated on the outskirts of bologna , san ruffillo . 
 by all accounts , she lived in one of the best in the city , lapped by the hills and good-looking . 
 autumn , elsewhere , to the plains , the morning mist did not see two feet away , but in san ruffillo , the sun was shining . 
 she had been so in previous years . 
 emiliana knew : there was born and lived . 
 then the district was changed in population , construction , services . 
 even the name was changed . 
 now called savena like this at the mouth of the river valley . 
 right there stood the neighborhood , where the savena began his course of plain . 
 unfortunately , even land pollution conquered . 
 emiliana was convinced that the air and the sun were no longer as good as before . 
 she had enjoyed every summer for a bit of vacation there . 
 not anymore . 
 the sultry heat grew . 
 she covered her face with her parasol and pulled his dark glasses on his nose , now could not stand the torment long : the sun pierced the red blisters bloomed and indelible . 
 in truth , the newspapers had talked about the possible increase in tumors in the near future . 
 before his eyes he saw his mother mary , in suffering , in pain from prolonged serious illness that had struck her . 
 she took a quick hand on his forehead to dispel the tension . 
 she felt he was hot already . 
 day overwhelming thought . 
 it was the anniversary of the death of his grandmother and his mother had just reviewed . 
 it was no accident . 
 they united in life and in death . 
 the memory made her bleed renovated inside . 
 now i do not want to cry . 
 she would not be very bad . 
 she stood up . 
 she was emotional and impulsive character . 
 the circumstances had damaged inside . 
 he had far exceeded any margin of tolerance . 
 the air - soaked powder had the reverberation of the hottest hours . 
 the skin was hot . 
 she returned . 
 yet another flight of vacationers passed over his pale sky , but she did not see him . 
 another lonely day progressed . 
 emiliana had taken fire from the neapolitan coffee pot boiling and left her to filter out , upside down . 
 now the refreshing drink was ready . 
 she poured herself a cup . 
 she was standing in front of the window , wrapped in the veil of the best shorts and glanced at the closed branch of orchid in clear plastic sheet . 
 he had left on the table by the purchase of the morning . 
 he looked at the time , went up to the cemetery in the afternoon . 
 grandmother emilia would rather have roses or gladioli . 
 only shop had opened branch . 
 it was impossible to find a better deal in august . 
 now she resigned to the idea that really , if emilia saw from the other side , there remained satisfied with that gift . 
 almost felt : `` you 've got this chutzpah ! 
 -lrb- you had the courage -rrb- i lived ninety years in my beautiful naples lastly to die here , in this far-off land , here , without the warmth of my own , without the smell of my sea , and you present co ` stò limp twig ! 
 -lrb- with this withered branch -rrb- . 
 have not brought me a bouquet of fragrant flowers ? 
 what a misery ! 
 if this is the gift for the first anniversary , ten years from now you 'll be forgotten about me ! 
 i that i wanted so , so good ... '' grandmother would not accept excuses , even in the face of evidence that twig , so that ' limp ' was not . 
 emiliana sat in an armchair . 
 she looked up at the sky clipping , over the glass . 
 by now , it should be so , for this time . 
 he thought . 
 he lifted the cup as a sign offering . 
 in small sips , it tasted coffee . 
 *** trizia at the airport aug. 9 , 15:00 trizia arrived at the airport . 
 the small plane was standing in the yard of the boarding gate . 
 heat and humidity veiled everything in yellow graying . 
 the sun , the sky behind a vapor without wind , struck the ground ; beyond the curtain of sultriness , the runway was piping hot and repellent as the stagnation of water in a channel . 
 at the boarding ramp , the representative of the agency , flushed , ticked the tourists who came on board . 
 trizia was sweating as he waited among the many passengers . 
 they were seventy grouped and massed on the steps . 
 they pushed , they waved with any object they had in hand . 
 people loading , overhung by bulging suitcases and duffel bags , worked quietly at the back door , and appeared indifferent to the chaos around them , climate sticky and suffocating odor . 
 trizia defended by a woman in tight skirt and suit jacket that did not respect the line . 
 `` no , i have before , please ! '' 
 then she went into the middle lane to the elbows wide and well planted on the legs that appeared gown in flax rust-colored . 
 with rhythmic steps , into the mules ' nylon raw and crocodile print leather , the muffled sound of italian leather soles pounding the carpeted , surrounded by the smell of advanced textile products . 
 she sat in the seventh row , next to the window under the right wing . 
 she exhaled deeply . 
 finally she was at the start . 
 she licked his lips dried , and voltage . 
 she moved his smooth hair with a flick passing his fingers through his hair marched fringe on the forehead . 
 she was determined to enjoy the holiday away . 
 the practice of trombley not hampered . 
 she did not like entirely detached from work , even on vacation . 
 with the cluttered mind of acts , she clutches her briefcase computer . 
 she was not sure of abandoning it in the compartment at the top , so put it down on her thighs and looked out . 
 some passengers were climbing aboard elbowing . 
 she said : rampant disrespect and bad manners . 
 now , however , was interested in the young man who was standing next to his seat . 
 he was wearing green and white tennis shoes , jeans and a green polo . 
 take a look and had already cataloged : the polo shirt was an imitation , the skin shown by the short sleeves , had a nice tan , definitely natural . 
 the man was holding a bag on his shoulder and defiant expression on his face . 
 he pulled out his ticket booking . 
 she checked . 
 he said , '' this place is my '' shaking his head back and pushing the long hair from his forehead beaded with sweat . 
 after picked up the cabinet , the bulky hand luggage stuffed it inside and hit the door . 
 when he dropped it on the seat , bouncing her back , she lost patience at all . 
 `` listen , i do not fall on your head huh ? '' 
 he drew the inside of the wrist to the nostrils and sniffed at what was left of perfume essence of cyclamen . 
 `` oh , indeed , ma'am is light . '' 
 the man was not impressed by his aggressive tone , often , women do so with him . 
 `` look at that guy had to happen to me , '' mused trizia . 
 the beginning of the journey did not adhere to the setting relaxing holiday by the promise . 
 now she wanted to use the space they deserved . 
 `` i hope that there is still room . '' 
 the young man used to be under the impatience of the other . 
 although he was active , he was a gym instructor , but he knew as well take life easy . 
 `` madam , do not worry , with a nudge the place is . '' 
 he chanted the words and gestures noted in open palms . 
 `` oh , the little pushes . '' 
 trizia spoke softly , but he did not hide the disorder suffered . 
 the attorney settled the case in the glove box at the top , then , as she sat , his eyes fell on the black hair of the young man . 
 envied for his thick glossy hair , her hair was thin and fragile . 
 he looked out the porthole to the wing of the plane . 
 it was his reference point , put them tranquility and balance . 
 he remembered chew gum . 
 left eardrum ached , in flight . 
 she had suffered from ear infections as a child , she had left a scar . 
 she chewed with his mouth shut and looked around . 
 she turned his head back . 
 `` the plane is small , it will be safe ? '' 
 a man in the front seat picked up the comment . 
 `` and so he never traveled aboard a small plane ? '' 
 he spoke sarcastically . 
 `` not really . '' 
 trizia said . 
 small appliances did not like too much , at the mercy of the currents . 
 however , even the power of the winds , passed over the most powerful of the engines . 
 the reflection is not assured . 
 by plane was always nervous , but controlled . 
 she is entrusted with admiration wonderful invention that the carrying everywhere . 
 flying fascinated and excited her . 
 `` now that i think about it i do not feel very quiet , are not certain to go . '' 
 the traveler was curious . 
 many travel facts had never heard anyone , already climbed on board , questioning the decision to leave . 
 `` well , he 's right . '' 
 `` what does it say ? '' 
 she spoke in a shrill voice . 
 `` yes , i think we should worry a little . '' 
 passengers raised the tone . 
 `` excuse me , how do you say it ? '' 
 she was alarmed . 
 `` i travel a lot . '' 
 the visitor rose from his seat to see three-quarters . 
 she felt the terror that had aroused in her , and a little ' we enjoyed . 
 `` allow we have not presented : marco mattioli , financial ombudsman . '' 
 he turned with a smile of perfect teeth but partly rebuilt and stretched out his hand over the headrest . 
 she gave a quick weak grip which reserved to those who did not know . 
 `` stanzani , i am . '' 
 she is waiting , for an excuse . 
 `` so , let me get this courage '' . 
 marco trusts perceptions , which are received by a handshake . '' 
 quite cold in the tourist , '' he thought , but he continued with his usual tone gently persuasive salesman . '' 
 i travel a lot , not just for work ; i lost a lot of time due to mechanical problems of these aircraft , the last that happened to me , i was in the airport for hours and no one has explained why ; and landing : a moment in the air and the one after it touches the runway , it makes a noise and vibrates so much that seems to fall apart . '' 
 `` what he says bother me , but it continues to use them ? '' 
 question trizia . 
 `` well , actually , i would say that i did not choose this flight '' was forced to interrupt the conversation . 
 the back door swung open , hissing . 
 air full of smoke and noises surrounded them . 
 an ambulance came to speed the loading ramp . 
 writhed on the seats to be able to see what was happening behind them . 
 a woman sitting in a wheelchair , crutches in hand and shoulder bag , was brought on board . 
 then the door closed . 
 marco out of habit not leaves things half . 
 `` i 'm going on vacation at the last minute , with a discount of waiting lists . '' 
 he had to show his ability to take advantage of the best deals , but the roar of the engines , brought to full power , drowned out all conversation . 
 the word ' fasten seatbelt ' led passengers to await takeoff . 
 trizia pulled up and tied the belt been crushed beneath her . 
 she chewed the gum nervously . 
 she did not want to feel the eardrum drilled by a pain like tooth decay . 
 she was excited and a shiver of fear ran along the back . 
 with hands clenched the arms of his chair , feeling the vibrations transmitted to the seats of the cockpit shaking . 
 her hands trembled more . 
 then there was silence . 
 the engines went out , the passengers fell silent and judgments are suspended . 
 the hostess who instructed them to the emergency , he remained with his index finger pointed towards the emergency exit . 
 they all had the same question . 
 she always followed every movement as if he was piloting this arrest and sudden do not put some in a good mood . 
 the take-off was one of the most dangerous phases . 
 his knowledge is added up to the words just heard and stirred tremendously . 
 she jumped when the amplified voice of the commander came out from the speakers : `` we apologize to the mishap , but for your added security , given the pressure of adverse weather , the aircraft fully loaded , air traffic intense , we are preparing to partially drain the tanks ; the departure is delayed for a few minutes ; passengers stay put in their seats . '' 
 she stiffened in his chair . 
 she lever on rationality and focused on the words of the commander . 
 if you had to travel by plane , it was summer . 
 she felt calmer , less risk of turbulence , stable weather , visibility . 
 of course his insecurity kept her hidden from friends and acquaintances . 
 she must always appear in control of herself . 
 `` the weather was changing for real ? '' 
 words escaped her mouth . 
 he also thought to carla and all the times that filled her head with ecological considerations . 
 she claimed that deforestation , industrial development , the building expansion ; intensification of traffic transport had raised the dust in the air , that environmental pollution had reached alarm levels , which would soon become a deadly cocktail . 
 she was catastrophic . 
 trizia recognized that the air was becoming unbearable and the heat stagnated for weeks from the hills to the plains . 
 the commander began to explain . 
 `` you will have a technical stop at the rome airport to stock up again . '' 
 she felt reassured and calmed down . 
 she remembered to have a traveling companion to his left . 
 he was aware of his state of anxiety ? 
 she looked at him . 
 with earplugs , he had stopped listening to music and moving her fingers to the beat on the metal cover of the ashtray . 
 the croissant golden pendant bracelet jingled to the beat of the pulse . 
 she picked up the pamphlet from his pocket and pretended to consult the backrest . 
 meanwhile , she reflected . 
 it was not serious when he lost control of the situation for a while ' . 
 she did not care what she might think that her young traveling companion . 
 do not let it go easily on ratings precipitous , but the way she irritated . 
 `` lacks style , '' you said . 
 she hated the rudeness and insensitivity . 
 she liked men of style . 
 duilio was a man of refined manners and elegant . 
 the financial ombudsman reminded him : so polite and good speaker . 
 seemed boring but , perhaps , more than duilio , which had wanted a divorce . 
 and then , as he threw his evil influence on flights ? 
 no , i was exaggerating . 
 did not believe in bad luck , just the one that is procured each , with their own hands . 
 thought to himself , and while the other passengers were complaining . 
 the maneuver would have resulted in a delay to the holiday . 
 just then a shrill woman 's voice hit her . 
 `` i can not just stay here the whole holiday , that exaggeration , postpone the departure for the heat ; we leave ? '' 
 she believed tolerant , but could not stand the blatant stupidity . 
 she sharpened the eyes , and the phrase book . 
 then he burst out like an indictment . 
 `` shut up , he wants her to go to the other world her leave ? '' 
 for a moment there was silence , all they had heard and seemed to reflect . 
 it was not the first time that she was among impatient people , the airport had already happened in jakarta , indonesia . 
 it struck a violent storm . 
 the shipment was delayed for several hours . 
 the lightning tore the sky , the track was flooded , and the rain and the wind shook the windows of the waiting room . 
 the mood attacked the passengers . 
 they insisted in a compact row and pushed for boarding and leaving . 
 you would have also expected the next sunrise while flying form . 
 she did not . 
 the plane lifted from the runway between streams of water and pointed in the direction of the arrows . 
 she appreciated life and its inestimable value . 
 time and money were no compelling reasons to risk losing it . 
 she would never agree to go in such conditions . 
 finally , the plane began taxiing . 
 it was surrounded by the deafening noise of the engines and the air jet on the head . 
 the young man turned off the recorder , with a flick off the headphones from your ears . 
 he slid his gaze absently on her and then over the door . 
 trizia flattened on the back covering with hand the slice of the chest outside the neckline . 
 she looked out . 
 meanwhile , the aircraft moved as dropped from a giant slingshot invisible . 
 he feared only an instant . 
 the aircraft also lightened struggled to rise . 
 the plane reached the quota , and then began a sharp right turn ; she looked under the ring road adjacent to the motorway stretch along the plain . 
 it was jammed packed car in the infernal traffic jam . 
 `` do not be in any case there is a privilege , '' she considered satisfied . 
 his movements were always comfortable . 
 the tension broke and she let herself be carried away by memories milder . 
 she remembered the first flight . 
 this time the plane lifted light as a dragonfly and flew over the plain . 
 below he saw the expanse of fields geometrically worked long and irrigation canals . 
 the urban centers were reduced and dispersed on the via emilia and industrial areas were well focused . 
 everything seemed harmless and even the agreeable ornament to his enthusiasm for the girl already soaring roar of the engines and the acceleration on the track . 
 over time , she had lost enthusiasm . 
 tourism involving sincerely do not like in the past , and the summer was not clear and livable as it was then . 
 maybe carla was right . 
 now it seemed that the relentless changes had taken place not only in his life and in society , but in the entire cosmos . 
 carla , never missed an opportunity to say that the development of production , as a tool for the man , he had become her gag . 
 she was convinced that the human race was in danger of self-destruction . 
 she began to fidget exposing anthropological concepts . 
 the knowledge of other cultures should foster a better , more just , instead had been used to increase the exploitation of people and resources . 
 there was no attention to the weak and the cultures were depleted of their peculiarities . 
 in short , the disquisitions of carla were played indoctrination , but he avoided to get in on the discussion and often let her vent feigning attention , but his stinging words were in the ears the same . 
 in any case , there was no room in his life for the dream or gratuity . 
 did not even have time to stop and reflect . 
 none of the rest of society could choose to stop or retreat of . 
 she breathed with closed lips . 
 oriented face to the air nozzle . 
 the friend was exaggerating . 
 she was not to give much listening . 
 she grew impatient . 
 the bad habit of not always reflect never abandoned her , even during his well-deserved vacation . 
 she breathed deeper . 
 she filled his lungs with oxygen , and the mind of hope for the future . 
 now the plane veered to the side of the airport , to the left , towards the south . 
 on the horizon a trail yellowish accompanied him . 
 in the cockpit , the cold air rarefied goes on his shoulders . 
 she raised the collar of his dress . 
 the voice of the commander turned away from his thoughts . 
 `` the technical stop will take us to the rome airport after a delay of about twenty minutes , it is expected to arrive in about three hours , i remind you to remain seated and keep fasten your seat belts , bon voyage . '' 
 *** emiliana august 9 , tuesday , 15:00 at sixteen opened the gates . 
 emiliana was ready an hour earlier . 
 it is always prepared in advance if exaggerated the situation to deal with worried . 
 she wanted to avoid as much as possible the condolences , but his intention is not realized . 
 she knew that today would suffer . 
 in the meantime she tried to distract herself by playing the classical guitar tuning pegs from mother of pearl . 
 grant , itching , misrepresent , the very relaxed . 
 she opened the score and followed the score . 
 the fingers were running alone . 
 the mind , too , ran for similarity . 
 she had failed the entrance exam to the conservatory . 
 now , after the thirty , she understood how many hopes of youth had gone out already . 
 the professor did not keep looking at considering its quality . 
 syncopated treble at the twelfth fret vibrated from the soundboard . 
 she wondered whether the presentation of a teacher trainer had favored . 
 not had it . 
 she could not afford it . 
 it was destiny for her to face life without external aid . 
 she dumped the strength of cross-rhythms . 
 she still had fluency in the fingers minute . 
 she had learned to do it alone . 
 she preferred to show safety , always , and decide for herself . 
 she was reserved and respectful . 
 his demands were mostly disregarded or evaded . 
 all was clear , now , that had not existed for many teachers that had occurred in the classroom . 
 meanwhile , the romantic melody of the barcarolle broke the silence of the attic . 
 his achievements were the result of tenacity , the will to do well , the affection of her grandmother emilia and the good of mother mary . 
 only his family had never failed to lend support . 
 now , however , his loved ones were gone , she was left alone to deal with existence . 
 she had built a life from nothing more than the desire to be that you had . 
 had presumption , yes , but in the rightness of his ideas , and conviction , but in the moral principles that sought to put into practice . 
 she produced the right notes harping with dexterity . 
 she was uncompromising , even if his future was at stake . 
 this was his fault , not made friends so easily , he knew . 
 she was always alone . 
 now she passing to beat the bass strings . 
 reached the final of the first part . 
 memories and considerations were flying on the wings of music soloist . 
 his character was like a cocktail ill-tempered . 
 she had taken his grandmother stubbornness and arrogance , the mother altruism and generosity . 
 different lifestyles are difficult to bring together within him . 
 emilia had a good education . 
 she had lived among the important inventions of the electric light , the radio , the automobile . 
 born at the beginning of the twentieth century had breathed the joy of social expectations . 
 grandmother was born and remained for ninety years on the hill of posillipo . 
 she loved her city , naples . 
 it was the place `` ro munno beautiful jug '' -lrb- the most beautiful in the world -rrb- said . 
 then she could no longer live there , alone . 
 emiliana ended the song . 
 a thick silence filled the attic . 
 emilia does not forgive that he had never left his home . 
 mary really looked after with utmost dedication , but it was not enough to console her . 
 then he began his end . 
 emiliana started playing . 
 she executed , in mind , a `` whim '' . 
 they finished the forces of mary . 
 the cancer began to devour her and forced her to leave her mother in a nursing home . 
 the cost him more pain than he already suffered . 
 did not give peace . 
 emiliana plucked the strings . 
 emilia died just three months later , mama mary , three after her . 
 complex rhythms and vibrated penetrating the glass . 
 she was alone , stunned by the hurricane that had fallen on her small family on her . 
 she was not ready to see her disappear around the world . 
 its roots had been severed forever . 
 now , with the last chord in the fingers , struck a blow on the chest resonance with the knuckles of his right hand and let the sound fall . 
 she stood , motionless . 
 tears slid from her cheeks to the tip of the nose to the chest on the ropes . 
 they fell on the instrument . 
 he was crying for his loved ones . 
 she grieved for herself that she was the only one to remember . 
 their affliction , she had lived all over , until the last drop of pain . 
 his sentence was still vibrant , inexhaustible . 
 she wiped his eyes with the back of the hand and then crawled onto the ropes without articulate it . 
 she knew it was from morning that had fought against the thoughts of pain and death . 
 the time now is difficult to stop the flow . 
 she put his left foot on the stool better . 
 pose of the new hammer toes . 
 sounds improvised flamenco and images chased each other in his head . 
 she saw the grandmother . 
 she gripped her elbow , bend over , the stronger the checkout . 
 she heard the shrill scream of time , infinity . 
 she saw her curled up in bed , legs and arms contracted , lying on his side , his eyes wide and staring , her chin trembling , did not recognize . 
 she varied the melody . 
 she improvised a mishap . 
 she called . 
 the legs were trembling nerve . 
 the heart was beating too fast . 
 `` grandma i am , are emiliana `` she jumped in and stopped screaming . '' 
 emiliana , you 're , well , i 'm not afraid . '' 
 after the delirium took it for many days , so many nights , even medicines could calm her down . 
 she inserted an arpeggiated passage . 
 tears brimmed her eyes once again . 
 emiliana experienced his utter helplessness . 
 now , the memory made her accuse a rush of pressure . 
 the head was taken to sway , the panting breath , chest compressing . 
 the lack of air . 
 the stability of the guitar away from his chest and right forearm , was not . 
 now the image that is in front of his grandmother in the hospital . 
 she did not speak . 
 she did not recognize anyone . 
 yet emiliana did not want to lose confidence . 
 she moved rapidly along the left hand on the handle of ebony plucked notes . 
 wait for an answer from the doctor of the department . 
 `` the grandmother is healthy as a horse , only that his brain has come to an end . '' 
 just as he said : `` his brain has come to an end . '' 
 the left foot slipped from the small stool . 
 emiliana had been brought up to have respect for the elderly . 
 in the words of dr. routine she had caught , and quickly enough . 
 emilia was transferred to the nursing home . 
 the right hand lost its firmness over the strings , error . 
 did not play the desired note . 
 shooting with a slow , adjust . 
 the accommodation for the elderly had few attendants busy , grumpy , restless . 
 the reception room furnished with tables unadorned , was crowded with patients . 
 in a wheelchair , approached at a table with his head bent , swayed to one side . 
 dormant . 
 the melody began to vibrate acute in the attic hot , sunny position . 
 emilia , however , recognized her and spoke to her for the last time . 
 the chin quivering , his eyes dull : `` did you see how i reduced ? '' 
 pause fourth moment of silence . 
 emiliana had never cried in the presence of strangers . 
 she did that day . 
 for shame hid her face in her purse . 
 she tried his handkerchief . 
 the attendant looked at her . 
 how to explain who was emilia and how important she was to his old love ? 
 impossible . 
 she moved his wheelchair down the hall , she wanted to bring her home with him . 
 then the visiting time was over , he had to leave . 
 grandma died in silence , not long after . 
 improvised high-pitched sounds heartbreaking . 
 broke the harmonious flow of simple melody . 
 fought for the last time the case . 
 she followed the funereal silence . 
 it was time to go up to cemetery . 
 she put the guitar in the sheath . 
 *** trizia traveling aug. 9 , late afternoon supplied fuel , flew to naples . 
 trizia watched the bright red , between the deep blue . 
 the sun was setting when she pulled the curtain trying to relax with their eyes closed . 
 sounds of passengers restless and squeaks and rattles of the nacelle wrapped . 
 they came muffled by the pressure on the eardrums and the icy blasts of pressurized air to the ears and forehead . 
 mark , on the other hand do not let go of the rest , he preferred to recover the conversation . 
 that tourist fueled his curiosity . 
 they flew in the apennines at an altitude of seven thousand feet , when he turned back again with the right question . 
 he coughed to attract his attention . 
 `` excuse me ; i did not understand his name . '' 
 the lawyer pulled up . 
 `` of course '' she always knew what was said , to whom and when . 
 `` my name is not i told trizia '' `` trizia , what name is it ? '' 
 `` it was chosen by my parents , '' `` i would not be inappropriate '' she motioned to a smile . 
 it was used for her , to having requests , for explanations . 
 `` my father wanted to call me tiziana and my mother patricia , neither wanted to give in '' `` now i understand . '' 
 he took a break . 
 the index finger to his temple slowed the words . 
 `` she told me stanzani , i ask because i knew of a certain george stanzani , a lawyer estimated in bologna '' she took a benevolent smile , a twinkle in the eye . 
 he discovered something that brought them closer . 
 `` george was my father ; he founded the law firm in the early fifties ; know him ? '' 
 `` not personally , but still exercises the profession ? '' 
 `` it 's dead , now i run the law firm '' `` i 'm sorry , i mean , for his father . '' 
 marco was not used to talk without holding in your hands whatever he happened to shoot . 
 now , clasped round the golden box of mints grains of sugar . 
 he felt embarrassed . 
 it was not his intention to talk about the sad event of the death of a parent . 
 yet his father was dead , but never talked about it . 
 many years had passed and then we always quarreled . 
 to change the subject , he handed her the box . 
 trizia took a tablet with two fingers slender and graceful , from long nails , fresh manicure . 
 the smell of menthol spread in the thin air . 
 they stood in silence . 
 marco was beginning to believe that mrs. trizia was not unpleasant as it had seemed at first . 
 it was also a beautiful woman . 
 it was too thin and wore a discreet front . 
 he had never liked women too skinny . 
 sometimes happened to him one of his arms , but it seemed to tighten a skeleton . 
 he suggested that she had not more than forty-four , was the right age for him , in his early fifties . 
 then what did it matter the age ? 
 is the spirit of care ! 
 he had in mind to sell . 
 he had been a boy , inside , maybe even too long . 
 he had decided to build a family . 
 maybe now he starts to think about it . 
 trizia was the right woman for him ? 
 he had not noticed , though , if she wore a wedding ring . 
 he had missed the chance to check , as he took the tablet mint . 
 it was the case of control . 
 it was the right time . 
 `` she 's already been to the island ? '' 
 he looked at the hand that held the arm . 
 `` it ' the first time , do you ? '' . 
 trizia moves his eyebrows and held her chin between his thumb and forefinger of the left hand showing the back . 
 `` yes , two years ago , i went to the mud , i suffered from back pain , i felt better afterwards . '' 
 `` i want to relax and visit the island `` she had read pamphlets and articles . '' 
 well , if you like , i could go with '' . 
 marco was proposed and meanwhile saw clearly . 
 she wore no faith , but exhibited a wrist watch in yellow gold and white from the black dial . 
 it was a high-end model , loaded with diamonds , very expensive . 
 a version exclusive limited series . 
 he knew him well , advertised on a recent issue of the magazine . 
 the watches were his passion , he had several at home , especially chronographs , but that model had not yet seen him around . 
 trizia had put more at ease in the chair . 
 `` look marco , he noticed the lady who came on in a wheelchair ? '' 
 she invites by look to the comment . 
 `` he told me to close my chair that she is traveling to spa treatments . '' 
 it was lightning intermediary information . 
 he said : `` a financial planner is unemployed misinformed . '' 
 the speaker crackled . 
 the commander warned to prepare for landing coming . 
 out loomed , before the last turn to the right , the unmistakable profile of vesuvius . 
 it was an unforgettable scene of intense beauty . 
 the passengers craning their necks to the left to enjoy the show . 
 at that moment the sun turned red oblique profile of the volcano . 
 she thought of the explosive power of the magma retained inside those looking undulations of generous breasts opulent . 
 vesuvius had already caused devastation and death and was active , yet . 
 trizia said : `` have you seen that wonderful show ? '' 
 he said : `` did you know that you can reach the mouth of the crater ; is very interesting hike up there among the ashes of solidified lava and igneous rocks . 
 `` the young man sitting next to her , suddenly intervened , he did it with vehemence . 
 `` you have not a beauty so . 
 `` trizia and marco exchanged a look . 
 they were silent . 
 felt the same way . 
 at the airport , the escort was waiting for the tourists . 
 she was a slender girl with wide hips and a spontaneous smile . 
 with the blue uniform and wearing a handkerchief edged with yellow knotted around his neck , stood out among the crowd . 
 waved the folder with the logo agency and occasionally directed him upon himself . 
 she called them and marked present . 
 they gathered and recommended that it went around that time was short and the hydrofoil was leaving without them . 
 marco knew then that his trizia was staying at the same hotel . 
 a passenger was missing . 
 she made him repeat his name several times speaker . 
 `` if you do not find the lady , the hydrofoil part , is down for the day , a real problem , '' the rep spoke quickly , in a nasal voice , modulated , on the motion of the waves of the sea that separates the island from land . 
 `` what has happened ? '' 
 he asked , rolling his head , one hand stretched behind to spend a bit ' of air between the cascades of brown curls . 
 they spent ten minutes waiting . 
 the tourists were stirring . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 they wondered , many looked at his face for the first time since the beginning of the journey . 
 `` does anyone know her ? '' 
 and they tried around . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` here i am ! '' 
 felt between voices of people , including creaking of carts and rumble of the engines . 
 `` is that the lady on crutches ! '' 
 the lady was advancing with difficulty meanwhile said , `` here i am , and i apologize for the delay everyone . '' 
 the hostess raised her voice and gathered tourists . 
 so close to one another , it was hot . 
 he walked away from them keeping an eye on . 
 `` then let 's go out , there is the bus , we reach the pier and climb on hydrofoil . '' 
 the tone of the corrugated voice was as mild slap of waves on the choppy sea . 
 raised it high over his head as the folder patch and turned the wide hips . 
 the group of tourists as a flock of sheep without a goat walked to the exit . 
 the sliding glass doors were opened to the command of the photocells and slightly stale air - conditioned indoor shower heads gave way to warm , moist impregnated with salt and kerosene . 
 struck tourists from below , in the legs , and pushed them to get on the bus . 
 *** the arrival to the island aug. 9 , late in the evening the red brick lighthouse , located at the entrance of the ancient volcano and stretching out towards the open sea , gave the welcoming tourists at the port of ischia by hydrofoil with the last arrival of the day . 
 no one noticed him in the dark of night , nor noticed the bright signal of rotating his lantern . 
 they docked . 
 on board , people , luggage and bags were an inextricable tangle generated by the rush to land and come to the home or to the hotel booked . 
 trizia could not wait to get a hot shower , dinner and rest . 
 as was tough , now began to feel very tired the day at work and on the go . 
 marco on the other hand still had energy to spare and turned to an elderly tourist who clutched to his chest a black and tan puppy . 
 marco began to pet it on the head . 
 `` beautiful , '' he whispered and then passing the palm of your hand on the muzzle . 
 the woman and the dog looked at him with the same expression . 
 it was a grin that most amazed alerted , but the minimum necessary to get him to aggressive away . 
 finally , the hydrofoil touched the pier and all came down to the modern footbridge . 
 trizia hurried , but he was just a few steps and just stuck with the heel in an iron grate . 
 her danger of being she overwhelmed by the advancing mass . 
 she felt helpless and tried to find a solution as quickly as possible . 
 he took off his shoe and turned the heel in the rectangular mesh . 
 she lifted . 
 it was then that she realized that the dock was on the water , and below , between the grids , the sea lapped ; now ran and dragged the luxurious suitcase on wheels hell out of interlocking iron scattered on the course . 
 then she made the way quickly through the crowd and joined the group that was standing on the sidewalk in front of the public gardens overlooking the sea . 
 trizia took a deep breath , inhaling the humid breeze coming up from the harbor in the warm summer evening . 
 meanwhile , the taxi scooters , still lined up , pull over to the curb ; they were ready to load the group of tourists from transport to hotels across the island . 
 the tourists were restless and eager to get on board . 
 she defended his space between the neighbors crowded . 
 the young companion felt the group , in the tone of voice higher than usual and a little ' hoarse . 
 he had to shout at the airport , bus and port , and then the air conditioning had cooled despite wore knotted around his neck silk handkerchief . 
 `` i recommend , only four per taxi , and '' leaned forward and coughed , then cleared his throat , '' bestowed upon arrival tip the driver , for not offended . '' 
 trizia slipped in a quick and slammed his head against the jamb of the vehicle . 
 taxis , like a carnival parade , along the way busy and chaotic . 
 she looked from the windows . 
 buses , cars and motorcycles came and went in so much noise and clutter to make them dizzy . 
 motorcycles from the infernal din sent stench of charred mixture . 
 she hoped he had done well for mid-august . 
 it was well known that where she was direct , places it reached on foot or by silent electric motorcycles . 
 meanwhile , away from the port , the traffic thinned out . 
 the taxi went along the coast to the street devoid of public lighting . 
 the lights of private homes and the street lamps lit in the streets of the villages attenuated the dark . 
 she found himself in front of a nativity scene like out of season . 
 more she approached the goal , and more the air was fresh and full of scents of pine , eucalyptus , orange blossom and rosemary . 
 she breathed in deeply and felt his heart rise . 
 she realized that it was too far from nature . 
 at last they came to the goal . 
 in the black sky , the myriad of bright stars and constellations welcomed him on the steps of the majolica of vietri luxurious hotel with spa garden . 
 she paused for a moment to look at the sea below . 
 it was cleared by the first quarter of the moon and the wave shattered on the cliff was for her music of infinite joy . 
 a welcome greeting well come . 
 she assured her . 
 she had chosen well . 
 trizia entered the lobby and walked with the others at the reception desk . 
 the empty stomach was beginning to be felt , had not eaten for several hours . 
 the hostess was handing the keys of the rooms . 
 this was followed by the list in alphabetical order . 
 it would take the time to question it . 
 the tourists were several and the girl took it calmly . 
 there was still before settling down to wait . 
 she deceived waiting , looking around . 
 the lobby was decorated with refinement . 
 the furniture stood out on the painted majolica floor . 
 the imaginative shapes and decorations in ormolu , not thrilled , but approved the refinement of details . 
 she passed away on display from the small sculptures of marble , set upon pedestals and furniture atrium . 
 they were carved worship , works of a local artist who remained on display for the entire month . 
 it was then that the young sits next plane went on . 
 she had a fit of nerves : `` you can not even find him here . '' 
 not considered a client of the hotel and curious gaze followed him . 
 he crossed the hall , with the supple roundness of her derriere in prominence in jeans . 
 quickly he disappeared through the glass door that led to the spa park . 
 she was sure he was pleased with the effect of the sensual movement . 
 finally , the hostess called her behind her voice reduced to a thin shrill vocalization , the addressed over the garden to the door of the apartment . 
 she would find a label that says : the bougainvillea . 
 she informed the pairings so everyone knew where they lived the rest . 
 trizia thought that it was not for nothing elegant violating the confidentiality of the clients . 
 she leaned forward on his toes to overcome the last of the tourists who had remained firmly anchored to the counter . 
 she reached out , when marco came to his side and reached for her key . 
 he had the apartment wisteria . 
 coincidentally , it was on the same side . 
 they could start with , he suggested . 
 she appreciated him even after a long journey , even when it was clear that he was tired he falls in style . 
 both eyes were lights marking step of the garden over the bay window arched wrought iron . 
 trizia accepted , exhausted as she was , she did not feel in opposition . 
 the bellman loaded the suitcases on the cart . 
 they walked in silence . 
 *** trizia and marco to the spa park august 10 , wednesday morning a series of dry rumble echoed on the hill , between the quarries of locks down to the sea , and the head of trizia , who was sleeping in a deep sleep , lying in bed in his apartment in the countryside . 
 he dreamed of being under a waterfall of hot water . 
 the water ran down over her shoulders and rubbed gently . 
 at echoed through the woods , the dream turned into projection of heavy boulders that fell off the mountain and burying it fell on him . 
 sat bolt upright in bed . 
 where was he ? 
 what time was it ? 
 the lush landscape of birds and of mediterranean and exotic plants showed himself to his senses in the form of melodious sounds and scents . 
 in his sleep she had lost track of comfortable apartment in the garden adjacent to the spa park . 
 the island was celebrating st. lawrence and the tradition was that at six in the morning he got shot the barrels opening ceremony . 
 she learned shortly after by the waiter on duty who brought her breakfast in room . 
 he did appear on the table , with soft gestures magician , fruit juice , croissants , jam and butter cubes , and a steaming cup of coffee , and informed her that many other barrels , for the events of ancient folk rituals and religious , they would have woken up throughout the summer . 
 he began to list them . 
 `` for heaven 's sake , '' stopped him putting a hand to his forehead that she already felt dazed as if the barrels were exploding all in the ears at the time . 
 however , the breakfast and especially the excellent flavor of the espresso had restored his good humor and this meant that she would not waste any time . 
 she was impatient to start the holiday and to enjoy it . 
 she put on his black-rimmed sunglasses tinged with silver around the green oval lenses and , map in hand ; he ventured to explore the spa park . 
 he walked the paths between pine and eucalyptus trees , bougainvillea , brooms , orchids and cyclamen , including agaves , aloes and prickly pears that had copious blooms . 
 she moved between mediterranean flavors , bright colors and gentle sounds of nature by only a few minutes , but at every step the growing admiration , energy and joie de vivre . 
 she had already forgotten the dull light yellowish and the city like a bad nightmare of the past . 
 among the paths of landscaped gardens in the sun , with a high forehead like a renaissance madonna , she smelled the air in emotion . 
 she had donned the new suit on a blue background floral pattern and had covered with a maxi skirt veiled in ink . 
 she had extreme attention to detail . 
 she wore a silver bracelet on your wrist with two pendants , a nut and a heart , and at the foot a couple of rubber flip-flops , the same color as the skirt , adorned with stones and rhinestones . 
 she walked with little ease . 
 she was not used to wearing flip-flops , they were uncomfortable , and the shoulder bag , bulging to the terry cloth bathrobe and you need to pool ; was hampered in his movements . 
 she passed by the infinite variety of pools . 
 more than she had wanted : swim or relax caressed by whirlpool so many pools . 
 she was in a hurry to take possession of a corner in the garden , sunbathing and diving . 
 she passed the pool with water at thirty-seven degrees aphrodite , eros at forty , the sirius at fifteen , the olympic triton with sea water to twenty-eight degrees , and then moved quickly in front of the spa with mud baths , massages and gym . 
 she paused for a moment at the entrance area , nude and glanced , then headed to the locker room and the restaurant area read the daily menu posted at the entrance . 
 in the end looked down at the seaside resort on the beach . 
 she smiled enthusiastically . 
 she was like a little girl at the amusement park . 
 not the whole month would be enough to take advantage of all the services . 
 it was time to begin . 
 she looks forward to the envy that would come to carla . 
 she decided to stop at the olympic swimming pool with sea water , just to get familiar with the environment . 
 at loungers laid the maxi skirt bent . 
 then she lay down on the bed exposed in bright sunlight . 
 she began to read the rules ; she was pleased that it was required of etiquette by guests . 
 she closed his eyes , she was on vacation , rules and regulations had enough . 
 a warm sun is caressing her skin . 
 she was relaxing . 
 she was happy . 
 was ecstatic to just a few minutes , when suddenly someone get close . 
 even with her eyes closed , she was ready to not be breaking the spell . 
 the presence was making shadow . 
 she sat up and opened his eyes . 
 mark had arrived , he was in good spirits . 
 he could tell by the look in his eyes and the smile on his lips . 
 `` lady trizia , good morning ! '' 
 he accentuated vowels . 
 `` here is our financial advisor . '' 
 with gentle kindness not let him know if he was glad to see him or disturbed . 
 `` did you sleep well ? '' 
 `` yes , and you ? '' 
 and lay down again . 
 `` very well , very well , '' he put the towel folded over his arm that he kept on a sun bed free . 
 `` do you mind if i 'm here under the umbrella next to her ? '' 
 `` please , go ahead `` she closed his eyes behind his glasses with dark lenses . '' 
 he saw that wonderful day ; feels pleasant climate and say that at this hour of the morning we have already thirty - degree heat . '' 
 he talked as if he were selling something of your own ; nevertheless it was a sunny day . 
 this time , however , was showing him . 
 he noticed that in that swimsuit , a little chastened , there was a great body and did not want to have it run . 
 `` we can go around the whole island ; there are many beautiful things to see . '' 
 trizia had not decided anything about it and did not want to commit in advance . 
 `` i think that the agency will arrange , anyway thank you for your concern . '' 
 she was turned over on his back on the bed . 
 `` it 's already been to the beach ? '' 
 `` no , not yet , i intend to go there tomorrow morning . '' 
 her voice was uncertain with the cheek pressed on the cot . 
 `` good . '' 
 the conversation languished , marco realized it . 
 he did not want to play all his cards in a hurry . 
 he was in the company of a lady well , culture . 
 he could get lost in the banal chatter . 
 if he wanted to win his friendship and also , something more had to , prepare better . 
 he looked at his watch ; luckily it was almost time for sludge and decided to leave . 
 `` lady trizia , now i must apologize , but i have an appointment , the sludge make me very well , put me back in perfect shape . '' 
 the scorching sun had already flushed . 
 the skin pale and dull , since the town experienced throughout the year indoors in low light , it was not enough cream high protective power . 
 it was time to go for a swim . 
 she used the shower , washed their feet and put on his headphones . 
 she wanted to dive , but the regulation forbade him , so cleverly dropped for the aluminum ladder placed at the poolside as not to break the toenails . 
 she went into the water and began to swim slowly lying on her back . 
 *** trizia dinner and shooting stars august 10 the afternoon she remained in the apartment . 
 the sun and the bathrooms had exhausted . 
 she had been woken up at six to the sound of barrels and now he felt sleepy . 
 she fell asleep right after lunch and did not get up for the dinner hour . 
 the restaurant was in the building near the central atrium . 
 the round tables were laid with taste . 
 on the tablecloths and napkins damask tone perfectly ironed navy shining silver cutlery and crystal glasses a polished . 
 in the middle of each table was a candle in a lie tiled with painted designs of flowers that recalled the name of the apartment . 
 she recognized the bougainvillea and approached the table ; the waiter pulled a chair and sat her down . 
 the choice of dishes from the daily menu was tempting and the wine list extensive . 
 it was decided for a risotto with seafood and grilled sea bass ; also chose from a list of dry white wines was a wine of ninety , excellent year , according to the sommelier . 
 she completed the meal with appetizers at the table of refreshments , the outline of zucchini scapece and the dessert of strawberries with whipped cream and chocolate cake . 
 she ate of taste and appetite . 
 the sea air and the physical activity they had an appetite . 
 she was the last spoonful of dessert , when the waiter came by with a flute and a bottle of italian sparkling wine of excellent brand . 
 trizia hastened to say that he had ordered , but the waiter , with an almost imperceptible movement of the index in the white glove , pointed it offered the two elderly people across the table . 
 she was dumbfounded . 
 the waiter made it clear that the couple celebrated fifty years of marriage and had wanted to toast with the guests who were sitting at the tables around them . 
 she lifted the cup as a sign of greeting and smiled , she thought , so many years together , a life , but he could not help but remember that her marriage had not survived beyond seven . 
 she would have celebrated fourteen . 
 she remembered with a touch of bitterness . 
 maybe she and duilio would reach a tourist destination for the occasion . 
 things had gone differently . 
 tart expression was in her eyes , when marco came up to his table to invite entertainment on the terrace in front of the sea . 
 it was the night of san lorenzo and everyone expected to see the stars fall . 
 `` the shooting stars , no , '' she said . 
 he narrowed his eyes and stared at him . 
 anyone that looks would have given up , but marco was not one of first refusal to surrender . 
 used with grace and charm persuaded . 
 at the end trizia failed to reject the invitation . 
 after all , the evening had the sea breeze in the air . 
 the memory of duilio had put melancholy , and the strong wine and sparkling wine had put the heat . 
 she agreed . 
 `` okay . '' 
 rising from the table stared at the meeting on the terrace . 
 trizia arrived and marco was waiting for sitting on a rocking chair equipped with a small table . 
 there were other places swings in a semicircle in front of a space reserved for the dance and orchestra . 
 they were occupied . 
 that evening they performed guitarists . 
 they reworked classic ballads and neapolitan songs with a touch of flamenco . 
 they ranged from as deep and tragic hymns joyful overflowing of love and passion . 
 at that time , played and sang a haunting melody . 
 they reclined back on his swing , his eyes to the stars and your feet moving to the rhythm of the waltz earthenware decorated with acanthus leaves . 
 the lights of the terrace had been adjusted to avoid dazzling the eyes and to give accent to the brightness of the stars and constellations . 
 there was no moon . 
 trizia found himself enveloped in semi-darkness and surreal environment that had been created . 
 it was not a good idea to accept that appointment . 
 this was the case in a hurry to find an excuse to take leave without offending anyone . 
 she did not have time . 
 marco approached her and handed her his arm smartly , made her sit on the rocking chair that had reserved . 
 the bench swayed slightly and she sank back . 
 marco sat down beside her . 
 he saw about whether the stars emerge from the background of the clear sky and the dark . 
 for a moment she felt part of the sky . 
 she attracted by meteor showers and the mysteries of life . 
 the waiter came to take the order . 
 mark advised her to try the lemon liqueur . 
 the waiter offered to bring a cocktail lemon . 
 they accepted . 
 `` trizia , we saw the sky tonight ; does not believe that it is beautiful ? '' 
 he spoke as if he were at the premiere of which he was the director . 
 he adjusted the collar of his shirt behind his bow tie and kept talking . 
 he had a low tone impregnated with gentleness that she would not have given . 
 `` you know , the stars of the constellations appear to look at them closely and in reality are far apart ? '' 
 he tried to make a good impression and did not notice that the lady at his side was stiffening . 
 it was not just because of the embarrassment of being romantically sitting on a rocking chair next to a stranger , but for an unfortunate fact . 
 the situation reminded him of it . 
 it had happened many years before . 
 it was the last time to watch the shooting stars . 
 one summer , she went with duilio to the observatory , but found it closed . 
 they stopped on a hill equally enjoy the evening . 
 they sat on a boulder at the edge of the pine forest of plaster . 
 all of a sudden , she told him the legend . 
 the desire expressed while watching a falling star , would come true . 
 she wanted a son . 
 she wanted to be around her and a man she loved , and wanted him right away . 
 his life was supposed to be filled with a new life . 
 he felt incomplete . 
 she worked hard and did not like to do it just to make itself felt selfish . 
 duilio also aspired to become a parent . 
 they waited a shooting star . 
 after midnight , the stars fell so numerous as to exceed all expectations . 
 she peeled off twenty-two . 
 unfortunately , the expressed desire was not fulfilled . 
 did not ever look at the stars , but only what was dictated by reason . 
 the waiter made it clear that the couple celebrated fifty years of marriage and had wanted to toast with the guests who were sitting at the tables around them . 
 he lifted the cup as a sign of greeting and smiled , he thought , so many years together , a life , but he could not help but remember that her marriage had not survived beyond seven . 
 he would have celebrated fourteen . 
 i remembered with a touch of bitterness . 
 maybe she and duilio would reach a tourist destination for the occasion . 
 things had gone differently . 
 tart expression was in her eyes , when mark came up to his table to invite entertainment on the terrace overlooking the sea . 
 it was the night of san lorenzo and everyone expected to see the stars fall . 
 `` the shooting stars , no , '' he said . 
 he narrowed his eyes and stared at him . 
 anyone that look would have given up , but mark was not one of first refusal to surrender . 
 used with grace and charm persuaded . 
 at the end trizia failed to reject the invitation . 
 after all , the evening had the sea breeze in the air . 
 the memory of duilio had put melancholy , and the strong wine and sparkling wine had put the heat . 
 she agreed . 
 `` okay . '' 
 rising from the table stared at the meeting on the terrace . 
 trizia arrived ; marco was waiting for sitting on a rocking chair equipped with a small table . 
 there were other places swings in a semicircle in front of a space reserved for the dance and orchestra . 
 they were occupied . 
 that evening they performed guitarists . 
 reworked classic ballads and neapolitan songs with a touch of flamenco . 
 ranged from as deep and tragic hymns joyful overflowing of love and passion . 
 at that time , played and sang a haunting melody . 
 they reclined back on his swing , his eyes to the stars and your feet moving to the rhythm of the waltz earthenware decorated with acanthus leaves . 
 the lights of the terrace had been adjusted to avoid dazzling the eyes and to give accent to the brightness of the stars and constellations . 
 there was no moon . 
 trizia found himself enveloped in semi-darkness and surreal environment that had been created . 
 it was not a good idea to accept that appointment . 
 this was the case in a hurry to find an excuse to take leave without offending anyone . 
 she did not have time . 
 mark approached her and handed her his arm smartly , made her sit on the rocking chair that had reserved . 
 the bench swayed slightly and she sank back . 
 marco sat down beside her . 
 he saw about whether the stars emerge from the background of the clear sky and the dark . 
 for a moment she felt part of the sky . 
 she attracted by meteor showers and the mysteries of life . 
 the waiter came to take the order . 
 mark advised her to try the lemon liqueur . 
 the waiter offered to bring a cocktail lemon . 
 they accepted . 
 `` trizia , we saw the sky tonight ; does not believe that it is beautiful ? '' 
 he spoke as if he were at the premiere of which he was the director . 
 he adjusted the collar of his shirt behind his bow tie and kept talking . 
 he had a low tone impregnated with gentleness that she would not have given . 
 `` you know , the stars of the constellations appear to look at them closely and in reality are far apart ? '' 
 he tried to make a good impression and did not notice that the lady at his side was stiffening . 
 it was not just because of the embarrassment of being romantically sitting on a rocking chair next to a stranger , but for an unfortunate fact . 
 the situation reminded him of it . 
 it had happened many years before . 
 it was the last time to watch the shooting stars . 
 one summer , he went with duilio to the observatory , but found it closed . 
 they stopped on a hill equally enjoy the evening . 
 they sat on a boulder at the edge of the pine forest of plaster . 
 all of a sudden she told him the legend . 
 the desire expressed while watching a falling star , would come true . 
 she wanted a son . 
 she wanted to be around her and a man she loved , and wanted him right away . 
 her life was supposed to be filled with a new life . 
 she felt incomplete . 
 she worked hard and did not like to do it just to make itself felt selfish . 
 duilio also aspired to become a parent . 
 they waited a shooting star . 
 after midnight , the stars fell as numerous as to exceed all expectations . 
 she peeled off twenty-two . 
 unfortunately , the expressed desire was not fulfilled . 
 do not ever looked at the stars , but only what was dictated by reason she got up from the sofa and took a sip of the cocktail the waiter had brought . 
 the hammock swayed slowly . 
 `` you know that sirius , the brightest star in the sky , you can see from almost every place on earth and are the fainter meteors to make shooting stars , and that the luminous trail of dust is ? '' 
 `` oh , it is really ? '' 
 trizia swallowed and smiled to disguise the bitterness and the fact that he had not heard a single word of what he had said . 
 `` and this exquisite cocktail '' and added , pushing the umbrella of colored paper from the glass , sipped the other straw mixture with a pleasant sweet flavor . 
 `` i 'm glad you like it , and i was saying , that , in speaking of the constellations , that of aquarius , for example , was so named by the sumerians , in honor of the god an '' `` ah , yes , the aquarius is my sign '' and sent down yet another sip of the alcoholic beverage aroma of lemon . 
 `` it is a sign of his creativity , '' added mark and he drank the cocktail . 
 there was silence for a moment . 
 then the enthusiastic astonishment of those present burst out on the terrace . 
 the great spectacle of the stars of the night it started : as fireworks , launched from the vault of heaven , a multitude of paths of light in the darkness , consumed before any reflection on the universe . 
 the musicians had distributed the tools and craft had started the show with a lively melody . 
 they asked to be accompanied to the rhythm . 
 they were involved too . 
 trizia had a triccaballacchio made up of many small plates that rattled opening and closing hinged wooden slats on which were nailed . 
 marco had the putipù , a kind of drum . 
 the hollow sound came out moving a stick stuck in the middle . 
 all together beating the rhythm with instruments and singing fun . 
 they even tried to pour their shots with the strange objects and tried to go in time . 
 she could not tell if it was the effect of the cocktail or the warm atmosphere , but in any case he was having fun . 
 after a long festival of happy songs , there was a pause of silence . 
 trizia her cheeks burning and head were spinning . 
 she was not used to drinking alcohol . 
 he realized that the cocktail hiding under the sweet taste a lot of alcohol . 
 she did not like to lose control of him , on any occasion , so he decided it was time to go away and this time would not yield to other proposals . 
 `` marco , it 's time for me to retire , '' told him placing the instrument on the table . 
 `` something is wrong ? '' 
 he looked into her eyes sorry . 
 `` no , no , it 's really late for me ; tomorrow i will get up early to go to the beach . '' 
 she pointed feet to stop the rocking . '' 
 stay the night is just beginning . '' 
 he smiled and made more beside . 
 he did not want to let her go just now beginning to be reached between them . 
 `` where you learned that way of doing , it reminds me one . '' 
 the backslid was beginning to feel too close . 
 she braced himself on his legs to stand without staggering . 
 `` who ? '' 
 the fine also talk to a stranger , provided that the evening did not end there . 
 `` look , '' settled on his hips the long black dress by thin straps that left open the décolletage . 
 `` marco , please , call me mark , maybe , if i wanted to give you the '' a gust of wind hit them warm scented sea in full . 
 `` marco , you must know , was a pushy , '' she added in a low voice , her eyes narrowed . 
 meanwhile , the music had started . 
 the guitarists had urged those present to beat faster and more rhythm on percussion instruments . 
 the substrate of voices , sounds and noises became more present among them . 
 mark was standing and he had put his hands in his pockets not to give in to the temptation to restrain him by the arm . 
 `` you know trizia what i 'd like to do now ? '' 
 `` no , i do not want to know , i salute you , '' she turned his head toward the staircase down from the terrace . 
 `` i 'll take trizia '' made a last attempt to stay close . 
 `` no , thanks , i 'll go alone . '' 
 he arranged the shawl with silver threads that had fallen from his shoulders . 
 `` trizia i want to assure you that i spent a pleasant evening , it did not happen for a long time `` the laid him on the neck hem of the shawl that was sliding down again . 
 `` me too , good night marco . '' 
 she hastened to leave the terrace . 
 marco waved from afar meanwhile , the music echoing between the walloons and the garden : she sat down on the chair in cane on the porch of his apartment . 
 she did not distinguish the words of the songs that were transformed by the distance and the sound waves in a gentle echo . 
 she would not understand anyway . 
 they were dialect . 
 the neapolitan language was incomprehensible . 
 `` this island is magical , '' said she , and was astonished that he could think of something , but she was beginning to feel just fine . 
 she considered that the past was very far away and could not continue to provide her with pain . 
 she looked to the future with confidence . 
 she thought of marco . 
 he was just a nice man , a flatterer . 
 even graying hair gave him charm . 
 maybe he would have accepted the offer to go on a trip with him . 
 she yawned , the warmth of the alcohol had evaporated , and she felt the dampness of the night on the skin . 
 she returned . 
 *** trizia the beach and sludge august 11 , thursday morning get off at the beach was truly indispensable and go barefoot along the shore and in the waters of the bay . 
 she had this in her head only . 
 impatient , she went out immediately after breakfast . 
 in the morning on the beach smelled of salt and oily aroma of pine and eucalyptus trees . 
 she breathed deeply and began the walk on the legs reddened , barefoot in the water on the shore fresh from the night . 
 the moderate swell and the water crystal clear and blue reminded the gemstone aquamarine . 
 pure wave round and growing in the middle of the bay and on the beach with a long resonance , such as ocean wave , in which one day she tried to dive . 
 even now she felt the thrill of that body of water . 
 the carrying very high and rested on the sand with the same delicacy of a hand reclined on the ground a chick . 
 by comparison , here it was all in miniature , but equally joyous sensations felt inside . 
 the sublime power of the sea loaded with passion towards life . 
 from a distance , the sand appeared to her sometimes flecked with black , like smeared by oil slicks , but approaching , she found that they were of fine volcanic rock . 
 the black sand , full of minute grains of silver , blue and green shone and reflected the rays of the sun . 
 she took it between her fingers . 
 fine grains were attached to the palms and shimmering scales as bright . 
 later there were people . 
 they scraped the greenish rock at the foot of the ridge near the water , among boulders of around . 
 she did not want to participate in the destruction of the natural heritage , but was curious and came over . 
 even children scraped the rock bass on the rocks of the shore , with a stone pestle and as if smeared on the face of each other , have fun . 
 they laughed to shop . 
 a little girl smeared the clay on the cheeks of a smaller and more doubtful . 
 `` what game are you doing ? '' 
 she tried the right tone , she happened rarely address children . 
 she was insecure . 
 `` sludge '' answered quickly . 
 `` they make the skin smooth . '' 
 another smiled , and slid into the palm of the hand a handful of clay . 
 she felt tenderness . 
 their simplicity was immediate . 
 she smeared the clay , and when dries the already washed away , the skin came out soft and velvety . 
 now she wanted to attend the center for aesthetic would return home rejuvenated . 
 she went on the excursion in the bay . 
 with eyes of wonder watching the thermal water that oozed steam gushed from the rock and formed puddles and rivulets with steaming hot . 
 people between the rocks inhaling the vapors but trizia could not stand the intense heat coming out of the cracks . 
 she stopped later , a group unusually curled up in the water a few feet from the shore . 
 they bathed in the hot springs of the point . 
 a woman pointed to an old plant of prickly pears the size of a tree as a reference point , in front of the plant , there were springs . 
 trizia went into the water and curled up . 
 tiny bubbles rose and wrapped the warm massaging . 
 she was thrilled . 
 even the people were generous , shared not only the beauty , but also the wealth of their land . 
 now she regretted not being there ever has been before . 
 now she wanted to recover the lost time . 
 `` a slice of heaven '' was repeated blessed , while the tip of the promontory , a speedboat came hurtling into the bay along the coast in an area of the sea certainly prohibited . 
 the waves lifted soon reached the shore sweeping trizia rinsing tourists and swimmers from the sludge . 
 they railed all , each in their own language or in their own dialect . 
 trizia shook her head ; she could not explain why some people had remained indifferent . 
 `` it gets worse , '' wrinkled old woman in the face and darkened by the sun assured . 
 she placed emphasis on the words waving a hand in the air , the other clutching the slender wrist for a girl naked . 
 a man too old , stocky body and dry intervened . 
 `` now they just want the money , and many immediately think and want to spend it , we were god-fearing , we were happy with what was there , we had respect for the sea and our land . '' 
 the pathos was gone . 
 trizia felt the need to take refuge among the warmest protected and reassuring services . 
 at the spa park lay back on the bed on board the triton . 
 she needed to relax . 
 marco joined her soon after . 
 still dripping , he returning from gym class in the pool . 
 he fatigued . 
 `` did not see you this morning '' he was in a hurry to go and change , but wanted to know if their relationship could be continued . 
 she pretended not to remember . 
 with regard to the confidential tone with which they had left , she had not yet had time to think . 
 she described the beauty of the bay , but could not hide his disenchantment . 
 marco was sorry . 
 she had dealt with a strong detachment , but maybe it was the fault of the unpleasant experience . 
 he avoided serious topics too , when he was in the company of a beautiful woman . 
 the mood compromised trips with her and the rest . 
 he was in the mind of the afternoon excursion planned by the agency . 
 `` trizia , stay up , do not take it this afternoon is planned around the island , you will make an overall view of the environment . '' 
 she did not want to think about it a lot . 
 she intended to visit the island . 
 `` i 'll give you listen , you know what i 'm doing , i 'm going to book me , there will also be her this afternoon ? '' 
 marco smiled ; he was rewarded for his interest . 
 there was a future in their relationship . 
 he understood him . 
 `` no , i massage , i am sorry , i greet you . '' 
 he went away disappointed . 
 he lost the chance of an afternoon with her , but the massages were an integral part of the cure . 
 then today there was the masseuse . 
 he had his own merit . 
 he went to the locker room . 
 the next morning would be made to find triton when she arrived . 
 *** stephen trombley to shop 12 august , friday morning trombley had closed the conversation with the lawyer stanzani and spoke to a customer . 
 `` i do not want to even tortellini , are fresh , freshly prepared '' and so saying , warned by the sound of the bell at the entrance and attracted by the movement of habit , looked up . 
 he could not believe his eyes . 
 he had aged , but she recognized him immediately . 
 `` he 's back ! '' 
 he thought , but he continued unabashed to wrap the ham to the lady . 
 `` no , it 's too hot , do not take another '' he made reference to the old lady trombley but not heeded . 
 even the noise around and the store had turned into muffled silence in his ears . 
 `` he has the courage to show up here , '' he thought . 
 meanwhile , all other customers served by pretending anything . 
 the distinguished gentleman in his seventies , he left to do at the customer who had come after him . 
 then they were alone . 
 `` i see that everything has remained the same , i knew your father , poor fellow . '' 
 stephen was sweating under her apron ; dripped from his forehead and under his arms and he could not say anything . 
 `` i 'm retired now , '' the man continued , `` i have an apartment here in these parts , '' trombley was purple in the face , but did not know how to react . 
 fortunately , the bell tinkled again . 
 here 's another customer . 
 `` well , '' said the individual `` i 'll take a pound of tortellini ; we hope they are as good as those who sold your father . '' 
 `` sure , '' trombley said , `` twenty '' `` but they are very expensive , '' trombley said nothing . 
 the man paid and left . 
 stefano served customers , but his mind was elsewhere . 
 `` i lost this opportunity to tell him what i think of him , what he wants yet , damn me , i had to report him ! '' 
 he thought and needed . 
 a customer the pointed out that he had given her the restless . 
 he had to apologize . 
 had clear that anger and resentment were hardly appeased . 
 overwhelmingly re-emerged . 
 *** trizia , mark , and the nudist area 12 august , friday morning on friday trizia woke up still tired and dizzy , feet and ankles swollen . 
 in the mirror she saw that the contour of the lips and the bridge of the nose were peeling . 
 she was found it horrible . 
 luckily she had bought the moisturizer for the face , the previous afternoon , during a tour of the island . 
 the pulled from his bag and applied it on my face . 
 it was refreshing . 
 she did not want to eat the usual croissants , and left on the table the breakfast tray still intact . 
 only sipped coffee and felt better . 
 the morning would have remained in the shadow of the porch to complete the work he had saved on your computer in a hurry the day of departure . 
 tied her hair back with a clip and put on his robe . 
 then , to extract the personal computer from the case , were scattered on the floor of the documents trombley . 
 while she collected , she remembered the customer just met and his exaggerated anxiety . 
 it seemed ambiguous . 
 she thought he would be a good one but annoying . 
 might as well start from his practice , before she go back to if you took away the better . 
 she sat on the porch and concentrated . 
 re-examined the situation and found that the measures do not coincide . 
 she read : the deed , the store had an area of fifty square meters , the document was a hundred . 
 she wondered what the exact measurement was . 
 she sought the answer in the documents in its possession , but could not find it . 
 only the person concerned could tell her . 
 she decided that it was necessary to track him down . 
 it was eleven ; she had to be in the store . 
 she poured orange juice into the glass and took out the telephone . 
 she dialed the number . 
 the phone rang at the other end . '' 
 delicatessen '' it was trombley . 
 `` i 'm the lawyer stanzani '' '' doctor , tell me , what happened ? '' 
 the merchant was already shaking . 
 `` nothing , nothing , all right , '' she said quickly . 
 `` listen '' the noise disturbed the communication . 
 `` as she says , ham ? '' . 
 `` trombley ! '' 
 she said in a commanding tone and took a sip of cold orange juice . 
 `` excuse me , there 's a customer who is in a hurry , you know there is no confusion , we are preparing the exhibition of mid-august , he knew how many people there already snooping ! '' 
 she felt relieved , and hurried tone : `` how many square meters is the store ? '' 
 she drew back with the notes to the front door . 
 the rays of the sun filtered from arbor on the porch and she could no longer read . 
 `` the store will be about fifty yards , it is not written in the deed ? '' 
 a hoarse voice of an elderly woman cams in the ear of trizia . 
 `` because the land registry document is one hundred square meters ! '' 
 she was on the threshold with the device in one hand and a piece of paper slipped to the ground . 
 `` the store was first divided into two equal parts of the deed , and i bought one . '' 
 other voices mingled with hers . 
 `` in this case you have not done a complete history , so the contest `` she picked up the fallen leaf . 
 `` one moment , i 'll love right away ; doctor ? 
 `` he raised his voice , he became nervous . '' 
 trombley , i assure you that we are an advantage for the use of the greeting '' entered `` she asked him , '' but she felt put down the receiver . 
 the lawyer was satisfied , she felt strong and confident , had just checked that her experience and her insight formed a winning pair . 
 she prepared to roll out the draft . 
 she had just turned her back to the porch , when she heard the sound of hooves on the driveway . 
 approaching the finish line and saw marco , with a high-cut suit and wearing a towel on his shoulder . 
 the tan uniform stood out . 
 `` trizia the trouble ? '' 
 chirped a goldfinch on the tree at the same rhythm of his words . 
 marco called from afar , it was not his style appear without warning or without invitation or brothels . 
 he had waited a long time . 
 when she did not get was concerned . 
 trizia 's face was smeared with cream , messy hair and still wore the pearl-colored silk wrap dress succinct . 
 he had caught her by surprise . 
 from behind the door , she cleared her throat . 
 `` you 're not supposed to be in the pool . 
 made , him realize , that he should not advance further . 
 he stopped and spoke to her in full voice . 
 `` the appearance of the triton , i wanted to take her to a place . '' 
 she had not planned to attend the park that morning . 
 while to remove him , she replied quickly , `` okay , see you there . '' 
 marco turned on the hooves and returned to triton . 
 he had already done gymnastics in the water . 
 he was glad to rest a little on the couch . 
 he thought that ross , the instructor , when it came to spending fatigue to others , not to spare . 
 the sweat had made , in the water . 
 the abs ached . 
 lying on his back , face and stomach turned to the sun , was already better and the blood began well to the end . 
 trizia , glimpsed wrapped in that tiny dressing gown , now made her certain fantasies . 
 he was going to take her to the spa pool at the top , the most panoramic sea views from the seats below the cascades for massage behind . 
 changed his mind , he preferred to take her in the nude . 
 this holiday had not even had time to climb up to the entrance . 
 he thought that going there with her would have been more pleasant . 
 trizia arrived shortly after and marco gave her the proposal . 
 `` to do something different , go , have fun , do not be shy ? '' 
 he smiled just mischievous ; he wanted to test his chances of winning , knowing how far to pus . 
 even trizia smiled . 
 she was enjoying himself , knew him . 
 she had never been among nudists . 
 not for shame or prejudice , just had not had the chance . 
 `` why not , it 's a new experience , '' she added , `` let 's go '' and took him under his arm . 
 he realized at that moment that shortly after would have to show under the sun , and her heart pounded in her throat . 
 the blood was taken at the end . 
 he had hunted in that situation , and would not have pulled back . 
 the nudist area was secluded from the centrality of the swimming pools and other areas of the park . 
 the interior was obscured from furniture lush greenery . 
 privacy and confidentiality were crucial . 
 when marco and trizia they reached the entrance , he realized immediately . 
 on the entrance gate there was the caretaker . 
 a tall and robust with simple kindness and firmness informed them that the women 's ward was right and the men left the department . 
 marco was surprised and disappointed . 
 him found not realized . 
 then he cheered , he was not ready to bare it all . 
 she was indifferent to the news and he could not tell if he was relieved not to show . 
 at that moment he realized that the proposal was in bad taste and blamed the effect of the thermal pools . 
 `` so , marco ? '' 
 trizia staring at him with eyes that seemed to him ironical . 
 `` in the afternoon , we go to the castle ? '' 
 `` see you at sixteen '' she disappeared over the entrance . 
 the nod of the guardian indicating the entrance to the left . 
 marco in a low voice , for fear that she felt : `` i forgot something , i go back later , after '' and walked away on tiptoe so as not to make noise with their hooves . 
 he was not pleased with how things had gone . 
 he had to toying . 
 he had to unleash weapons of seduction most suitable . 
 perhaps he would have found other topics . 
 and then he had to know if she was free for real . 
 the holiday was short and did not want to get lost in a conquest maybe impossible . 
 *** trizia and marco at the dock 12 august , friday afternoon trizia and marco got out of the taxi at the beginning of a long micro artificial isthmus leading to the castle . 
 it was an hour at the start of a tour so she informed him that she was curious to see the surroundings . 
 they walked back and forth browsing . 
 young fished in coves , parents were walking with small children , kids playing in the yard . 
 groups of tourists moving slowly , while the elderly sat on the edge of the lava along the jetty . 
 for the first time trizia was in that part of the island and she was seized by the desire to look at the windows of shops in the streets , which branched off from the open space . 
 she was greeted friends and acquaintances before leaving ; they expected him to return with a present for them . 
 she marco informed . 
 if you liked to go with her , otherwise the appointment was at the entrance . 
 he was silent . 
 he glanced at bay full of light . 
 the sun was still up behind them and the warm breeze from the sea in intermittent gusts , to the rhythm of the surf and the waves on the shoreline driven by the many boats at sea , enveloped him . 
 he was already there ; his interest now was everything to her and deep thinking to find an excuse . 
 he had to convince her to stay with him . 
 trizia waiting for an answer , she was visibly eager to do what she wanted . 
 she had the face and watching him . 
 for the first time she did he with care and it seemed nothing wrong with the pole signed that clung to his chest tucked into shorts blue sea captain . 
 then , with cotton pullover knotted at the waist , looked more casual . 
 its triangular face crossed with wrinkles on the forehead and at the corners of the eyes , gained intensity with the tan and his thin lips , vaguely reminiscent of those of a star seen in the movies . 
 definitely he do not lacking in charm . 
 she stared at him for telling her what he had decided . 
 the sunglasses hid his eyes a little and she did not fail to seize the blankly into his eyes and wanted to know if something had annoyed . 
 he assured her that everything was fine ; it was just hot and pointed to the bar . 
 `` why do not we sit down to have a drink first ? '' 
 it was not true that he was thirsty , but if he 's shopping , bachelor project approach her . 
 she agreed . 
 the afternoon was still long . 
 there was enough time for everything . 
 they sat down and ordered the juice of lemons . 
 they were silent . 
 now that they were face to face in a public place , there was among them embarrassment . 
 she sensed in him the same dark vein of the first time he spoke to her on the plane . 
 she wondered why he had agreed to sit down . 
 the idea of staying there stops , exasperated her . 
 marco had just glossed over , puzzled expression on his face drawn in overlooking the sea . 
 there was no time to stand in defense , but to go on the attack . 
 she looked impatiently at his watch , and he seized the moment . 
 `` trizia , its elegant jewelry is truly unique '' watches were his passion . 
 he wanted to also add that it was a big gamble to bring that object so luxurious on the island . 
 he happened to read in the newspaper of a tourist snatched a watch of the same brand . 
 she finally looked at him with intense flicker in his eyes that he had seen only by air , when they spoke of her father george , and he stopped . 
 pinned , in fact , that george would be the focus of the next conversation . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 he saw her smile proudly . 
 he wanted to surprise her and it was really successful . 
 `` the wrist watches and chronographs fascinate me ; had good taste in the choice ; if you do not mind me asking , did you buy ? '' 
 `` it 's birthday '' '' ah , i assume that is a person who should love her own very well ! '' 
 `` yes , '' the assertion that he did not expect him froze his stomach , fidgeted with drops of water to the edge of the glass , while suffering : a gift of the value of a sports car , for a birthday , it is only for those who truly love . 
 trizia was amused to hide the truth for the right time to discover how much he cared to find out more . 
 `` i got a great present , '' she added , and already he unsheathed a smile . 
 she also knew amaze me the clue and maybe it was accidental . 
 he had to understand . 
 he did not have time . 
 a ball darted . 
 he took his arms and grabbed him firmly in his hands as a goalkeeper valid ; trizia saved the nose and glasses on the table . 
 they turned quickly toward the square . 
 a little boy pushed another smaller . 
 the bartender came out of the room ; the boys disappeared in the narrow streets . 
 he apologized several times and railed against those parents who are not educated their children . 
 they accepted the apology and stated that it was not anything serious happened . 
 trizia now beginning to feel sympathy for him so athletic and agile , but the incident did not return nor did he praise . 
 marco in his youth was the keeper of a football team , but he nodded . 
 they remained silent . 
 she finished the lemonade and began to look around , she saw the window of jewelry store and thought of buying a cameo . 
 soon she would be gone . 
 he had to hurry . 
 `` having children is worrying today , they give so many problems , luckily i have not , i 'm free from family commitments , i have never been married ; she is married ? '' 
 behold , he said , the intention was not to say too much , but he was impatient , and then , he was tired of turning around the argument , the holiday would not last forever . 
 of course , now had his attention . 
 she had turned suddenly and looked at him with sharp eyes of three quarters as spearheads . 
 he doubted her joviality . 
 trizia was conscious of his strange way of having fun with men . 
 after the failure of the marriage , she could not take them seriously , to keep them amused on the rope and she liked to exercise more power over them calculated that her sensuality . 
 she had discovered the weak point of marco . 
 he was brazen and insistent curiosity . 
 she kept him on edge . 
 with him amused , but it gave him to see . 
 it was clear now : duilio had left a scar deeper than thought . 
 she crossed his legs and she saw the linen skirt above the knee climbing them to discover more sensual thighs . 
 `` he wants to know if i 'm free , i understand ? '' 
 with her it was better to be respectful , polite and a gentleman as ever . 
 he had taken off his sunglasses after having saved the shot and now , being closed in the shoulders , looked at her with sweetness . 
 `` i 'd like to know , we can become friends , without equivocation , i mean , i would not find out that i 'm inviting a lady who is already involved with someone , maybe even jealous , that '' he felt he had rid himself of a burden . 
 trizia was harder than she had appeared , but it was worth groped . 
 the conquest was more grueling was worth more and the greater the pleasure . 
 she now looked at him with expressive eyes and laughed heartily , had made him say what he really thought , conveyed a sense of fragility and felt the same pleasure he had in his hand the victory of the cause . 
 `` i 'm free '' she had laid her hand on his shoulder and , looking at him , shaking him gently . 
 only then could see the shades of green in the iris of his hazel eyes . 
 she liked a lot . 
 he was courting . 
 she had not thought the least , and it would not do much . 
 be courted liked the same . 
 she thought that he would become known a bit ' better , but on the condition that he would say something to him . 
 she dropped the words lightly . 
 `` why are you still alone ? '' 
 he swallowed . 
 he had a fairly turbulent love life . 
 he had so many women , but only one great love : laura , who had betrayed too many times and in the end she had abandoned him . 
 he was not ready to bring up the past , but something of the same story had told her . 
 he climbed from the small port over the stone blocks , a fishy odor , prevent him from opening his mouth . 
 they decided to leave . 
 they chatted for a walk on the pier . 
 divided in half and left the shopping trip in the saucer on the table . 
 trizia thought that the cameo could wait to buy ; he wanted to know . 
 `` i was not married , but i 've had a love ; unfortunately taken a crush on a girl ; my partner was unable to forgive and , on the threshold of forty , i found myself alone , i cheated , but no more than many other '' he played the victim card , he knew also elicit tenderness in women , but not in trizia beginning to view it in the role of conqueror . 
 they stopped at the arc beneath which they passed the paddle boats . 
 among the sheltered waters of the bay they leaning against the side , silent absorbed in their own thoughts . 
 `` she has had a great love ? '' 
 trizia kept his gaze to the boats swaying on the water . 
 duilio tell him , would be a long story . 
 five plus seven years of marriage engagement , in essence they became adults together . 
 still had affection for her ex-husband , he was there when they found his father 's lifeless , and did not forget that it was he who support her and encourage her in difficult times . 
 unfortunately everyday life , their mutual work commitments and the fact that they had not had children consumed their relationship . 
 their marriage was over for boredom . 
 at least , she was greatly bored . 
 duilio was a couch potato . 
 he loved his profession only . 
 it was a romantic boring . 
 and his character had made her fall in love with the romantic . 
 she thought about what he should tell him . 
 she established the bare minimum , as indeed she was used to always do . 
 `` i am divorced , i married a master of classical guitar , but the marriage ended ; anyway we were friends , and i can not forget that he was there with me when george died , '' she noticed immediately that the information that last had escaped , she was not willing to tell him , she could not explain how it had happened . 
 by now it was gone as well . 
 he picked it up . 
 george would be their link . 
 `` and so was his father george stanzani `` she dropped her sentence for her to gather . 
 `` you know what i miss most about him ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he looked into her blue eyes suddenly clouded with emotion . 
 `` it 's discreet ; loved me and supported me without imposing itself and was present when i needed it , always . '' 
 `` you knew of his attitude of openness to all , but he knew he was sick ; how it happened ? '' 
 `` it was in care , then that day , '' she closed his eyes for a moment , pursed his lips and face , a face appeared . 
 then he continued jack need to be reminded again . 
 `` it 's in my memory like it happened yesterday was sunday afternoon , my mother was from a friend , i went home with duilio ; i have in mind the unnatural silence ; from the half-open door of his study , we saw filter the light of the table lamp on ; i called him , no answer , entered and duilio was , first , to see him lying on the floor next to the desk ; looked towards the door , with his head resting on the pillow of the chair and clasped hands as if he were reciting a prayer , his eyelids half open , staring ; i touched him , his hands were cold , while her back was still warm ; even for a moment i thought to its end ; i rushed to the phone to call an ambulance ; the doctors said he was dead ; agents arrived ; kept us and i never saw him again ; agents checked the papers , listened to our testimonies and those of the tenants of the building , took some photographs , and covered the body , called the car of the mortuary who came and took him away . '' 
 trizia told everything without pausing . 
 had spent more than a decade , but always remember him crying . 
 marco listened and almost could not watch her all the time . 
 just felt the anxiety in her voice , and gave himself an idiot for pushing her to tell . 
 she was now back to that moment and continued . 
 `` you know what makes me suffer even today after so many years ? '' 
 he wanted to tell her to stay there . 
 `` my father took the time to understand , there , on the floor , alone , without help ; i could not stay with him even after , it is the practice , then the tenant under the plan '' . 
 marco felt stabbed by two ice-blue eyes . 
 `` the evening was for the condolences , the tenant downstairs and told of having heard a sudden thud coming from our apartment , the testified ; the tenant knew us well , there were forty years were in that building ; my father had also helped in legal issues , heard and did nothing ; are still angry , indignant and offended ; a phone call would have saved him , perhaps . '' 
 marco meanwhile was leaning against the side of the bridge and continued to give himself an idiot , the hardened surface . 
 by now it must have known the female universe , but he did not . 
 he thought only that , when he saw a beautiful woman . 
 and now he had panicked and did not know what to do . 
 he looked up at the sky . 
 if there was one thing he could not stand and that he had never wanted to learn was how to comfort a woman . 
 he sighed and turned to her , but was surprised at her sudden metamorphosis . 
 trizia was putting on his sunglasses in hand with tissue paper , had dried his eyes and he hurried to check the time as if nothing had happened . 
 `` we 're almost late for the visit to the castle ! '' 
 she held out his hand , quickly walked the tunnel dug into the rock . 
 *** emiliana 13 august , saturday morning since the time when his dear women became ill , emiliana had not even slept a full night . 
 now recognized any noise at night , in the street and to the flight of stairs . 
 his housemates were unaware of his presence indifferent torment . 
 the waiter who took a shower to return to the two about the guy who came home from the disco followed by a trail of foul-smelling smoke , at four o'clock , the damper barber , about six o'clock , the collection of waste , shortly after . 
 almost without realizing it , had stopped in the evening to go to bed . 
 she lies on the couch in front of the window and fell asleep to the sound of classical music or the words of a film in black and white . 
 unable to sleep for a few hours . 
 allow her to forget the tragedy . 
 she called them moments of normalcy . 
 in those moments you felt it was before everything happened . 
 some days were returning from work . 
 sometimes i was about to call on the phone and mary only in that moment he realized that this would never have been possible . 
 mary was no more . 
 she could no longer listen , advise and even scold her for her statements always a little over the top . 
 silence , sadness without remedy , loneliness . 
 he began to talk to her . 
 and he dreamed , in familiar gestures . 
 could see her in the kitchen to turn over crispy fries , or with floured hands of pasta or pizza . 
 sometimes in his sleep , he was not dreaming emiliana his mother , but mary was talking to her , to warn , to anticipate , almost wanting to protect others from suffering . 
 the first time this happened was in the morning when he died . 
 emiliana not slept in days , was at her bedside for hours , going back and forth from the hospital , all work breaks . 
 now no physiological parameter could give her hope , but she was hoping for a miracle . 
 emiliana out of the room , sitting in armchair , felt his chest suddenly in the air . 
 she rushed into the room . 
 the nurse checked the regularity of the oxygen mask . 
 she knew that death would not really separate . 
 she was now in the habit of waking up suddenly in the middle of the night and at dawn he could only close my eyes . 
 that night was very hot and she had taken the sofa on the terrace . 
 she could see a few stars over the fog of sultriness . 
 first , from the same point , she saw myriads now , between light pollution and muggy , it was no longer possible . 
 his eyes were already towards the lights : the dawn of thirteen . 
 number and date of death of the mother . 
 emiliana could not with the intention to drive away the shreds of lived that tore his gaze toward the dawn . 
 mary went in and out of different hospitals in eighty-five days of ordeal . 
 blood under his bed materialized in front . 
 that blood emiliana had cleaned up quickly , while the ambulance carried away , mary . 
 then the traces of dried blood reappeared again , when he had to vacate the apartment . 
 he saw the gestures of his mother . 
 they were always measured . 
 emilia and emiliana , in the same condition , they would have screamed . 
 mary , no . 
 drip into a vein , day and night . 
 she was able to shut excruciating pain , to replace them with words of love for everyone . 
 shreds of the speeches were returning to the ears , `` mom , what are they doing ! '' '' 
 emiliana , leave it alone , they are all nice to me , they do what they can , i told you that there was nothing to do '' . '' 
 mom ! 
 mom '' `` emiliana not cry , thinking of you , you 're young , i 've lived my life with joy . '' 
 here , emiliana was crying . 
 the moisture fell on the shoulders . 
 the miracle , yes he had asked for his mother , and why good people like her could not die like this . 
 now corollaries of procedures related faced by the intimacy . 
 days of work , hospital , nights without sleep . 
 she had the measure of his own solitude . 
 four hours waiting to speak with one of the doctors who treated mary , only to be told that within two hours or less had to take it away . 
 just so she said : `` he 's wasting my time , i have to take care of the sick . '' 
 the mother on the couch in the hallway , waiting for the ambulance to come and take her home for the last time . 
 the acquaintance , who phoned shortly after the burial , not to ask as if he drew , but to tell her that he had made the cabal , and had won five hundred thousand pounds per batch . 
 mary would have been glad to have brought luck even with his own death , emiliana not . 
 a noise interrupted the memories stirred . 
 she looked down at a bat clinging to the railing in front of a hole in which the spotlight on the terrace . 
 it was black , small frail . 
 she slipped into the hole and disappeared . 
 not made repellency . 
 she loved animals , and every now and then some being in the sky was to keep her company . 
 she had already hosted a couple of swallows . 
 she saw the parent outside of the nest and the baby on board , then disbelief , she saw the precise moment when the parent pushed the baby out in a vacuum , with a wing beats . 
 the chick hovered in a very short flight and inaccurate . 
 yet he was moved now , remember . 
 the aurora rose rapidly , but she had not finished basking . 
 more painful scenes . 
 memoirs due . 
 she saw his mother in the morgue , including a dozen bodies of the day , on the cart , covered with white cloth . 
 his lean face , the hollow temples and orbital bones uttered not impressed , but the profile , yes , the sides of the mouth , bent down , and an expression of acute suffering . 
 his mother was no longer able to hide the terrible physical pain , as well as the strength of his life . 
 emiliana was not the person who loved to pity , but the stress immediately had marked , she thought that was no longer the person before . 
 she was certain , the funeral of his mother was the only nice moment . 
 decent , thoughtful , polite . 
 the passionist father of the charterhouse gave a sermon balanced and strong . 
 a father unknown to them . 
 he was professional and polite even the owner of the funeral home . 
 he gave her the discount . 
 two funerals in three months , in the same family , were rare . 
 fortunately . 
 she was intelligent , she understood that it could not go on for much longer . 
 she had to fight back , but did not know how . 
 the rays of the sun by now exceeded the shingles and the sill . 
 she yielded to sleep there on the terrace , while repeating the verses of a her poem : `` the dawn is my blanket . 
 how long hands me a hug . 
 i caress . 
 the dawn is my night . 
 his warmth warms me . 
 and i fall asleep . 
 finally ... *** trizia and marco and the watch brand 13 august , saturday morning mark slept badly . 
 throughout the night he rolled over in bed . 
 in the morning the sheets were wet with sweat . 
 the story of trizia had upset . 
 in her grief was still so strong for the premature death of his father . 
 it had to be very attached to him . 
 he got up and went into the bathroom . 
 she looked in the mirror feeling the rough chin . 
 he thought of his father . 
 he had the good fortune to live long and died after receiving a lot of care . 
 more than once he would have strangled with his own hands . 
 gambled and lost . 
 he had ruined his family . 
 she had left many debts . 
 with foam on his face , he began to be passed the razor . 
 life was just weird . 
 he had flushed cheeks and rubbed vigorously in the towel . 
 he remembered the time when she had not appeared such as steel , but as the iron that bends , if the heat of the flame is too strong . 
 he had been tempted to embrace it . 
 it was there , in front of the mirror , her mouth wide open looking at the molars , with toothbrush in hand , and the clear perception that his loneliness , was like hers . 
 after laura , no woman had ever made her feel half . 
 now , as she combed the grizzled tuft , felt his heart filled with loving words and gestures of kindness for trizia . 
 he looked one last time and head had the specific intention to make it fun . 
 the appointment was at ten o'clock that morning . 
 he went out of the apartment with the clear intention of being cute . 
 she was punctual and after the visit to the early christian finds , talking while sitting on a bench in the gardens in front of the museum . 
 trizia knew a lot of the ancient greek city of pitecusa . 
 to hear about deaths , marco did not like it , even if he was referring to the ancient greeks . 
 then it was just right in the morning . 
 quickly , he diverted the conversation on topics that he preferred living nature and geology . 
 he spoke of the green tuff , the symbol of the country and how he was fascinated by the uniqueness of that rock . 
 he spoke instead of how many boats to serve as anchorage for fishing for mullet . 
 they walked the walk along the marina full of shops and restaurants wanted to show him , he was curious to know what effect did it . 
 they arrived in the harbor and sat at a table of pastries , not far from the mass of green tufa . 
 they were waiting for the waiter when ordering . 
 on several occasions , marco glanced inside the room . 
 the sun was pounding and the burning in my throat grew even to the dust raised by passing cars on the road slowly in columns . 
 during one of those raids visual marco waved . 
 `` you saw ross 's '' trizia looked into it , but the crowd did not recognize anyone . 
 `` i do not know any ross '' `` the instructor , she does water aerobics ? '' 
 `` no , i swim on my own , i do not know '' `` he was sitting next to her on the plane ! '' 
 `` ah , it 's gym instructor ? '' 
 `` even if we scrambled , it makes us work so much that you sweat in the water ! '' 
 `` i was not very convinced . '' 
 `` ross is nice ; it is a playful and makes us laugh in class . '' 
 `` well , '' trizia listened and said nothing , at first glance , he was not at all sympathetic , but admitted that it was just a nice guy . 
 meanwhile , peeping into the room and this time she distinguished himself among others . 
 he was leaning over the counter of three quarters . 
 profile dancer in tight jeans . 
 it was more tanned on the day of the trip , the hair even more beautiful , more curly and shiny . 
 as well as the bore , gathered in a ponytail that fell on his muscular shoulders covered by a thin undershirt . 
 ross caught his eye and waved pulling a wide smile and clapping his hand to cut the corner of the forehead . 
 trizia was puzzled , it was waving in that way , and he thought perhaps to be funny ? 
 she understood well ? 
 with his left hand to shield against the sun 's rays that dazzled , looked better on the inside of the bar . 
 marco looked inside . 
 meanwhile , a young man watched them for a while ' waiting for the right time to take action . 
 the raised hand of trizia was the signal , and as it was written in the complaint , `` the boy clung to the left arm of mrs. stanzani jerking and snatching the watch from your wrist made her fall off the chair causing her light abrasions . '' 
 it happened in an instant . 
 marco did not have time to realize that anything you saw before her tumble on his legs and then to the ground . 
 ross instead had it all figured out already and they threw behind the thief fleeing from a group of people screaming and pointing . 
 he kept an eye on the fugitive . 
 `` o ' bì there , the beach à cup '' -lrb- see you there on the beach -rrb- . 
 ross was at his heels . 
 at the beach of the marina , the young thief zigzagged , raised sand between the people lying in the sun , he turned to watch their backs . 
 he knew of no escape and headed towards the water . 
 ross understood the intention . 
 with one last effort , and shouting : `` veni accà thief ! '' 
 -lrb- come here little thief -rrb- , he is throwing at him . 
 they both fell on the shore . 
 they fought tangled , surrounded by the public . 
 the precious watch slipped from the hands of petty thief and ended up in the waves of the broken shore . 
 ross picked meteoric water . 
 he did not know , as reported later , that resisted many meters deep . 
 in any case , the time to collect the jewel sufficed to rogue . 
 when ross raised his head , he was out of sight among the boats moored in the harbor in the group and can be reached only by sea . 
 everything was done under the eyes of curious tourists , businessmen and ordinary people . 
 trizia and mark , from their place saw the port , but not the beach . 
 thus , among a crowd of people around , she saw him get to ross , with the precious jewel clutched in his fist and a smile on her face . 
 still panting , while receiving slaps on bare shoulders and back wet . 
 `` ma'am here 's your watch ! '' 
 it was in the part of superhero . 
 he cleaned sand passing over the precious sapphire glass hem of her tank top revealing gesture in the abdomen muscular . 
 he took her hand . 
 he poked him on the wrist . 
 it all happened suddenly . 
 trizia was still stunned , frightened and confused . 
 he let slip the clock and did not react . 
 she was grateful to him . 
 his cold hand in fright , to contact her for running hot and the heat , she received a long and penetrating shock that went through it all . 
 she looked at him and saw himself caressed by two large dark eyes and laughing . 
 beautiful , as are those of young people not yet touched by the ugliness and pain of life . 
 he slipped away in a moment . 
 ross had already disappeared . 
 they had called to offer him a drink at the bar . 
 marco was still stunned . 
 he felt a little ' humiliated for not having done nothing more than hold her . 
 the crowd dispersed . 
 trizia did not show what was dazed . 
 *** emiliana 13 august , 15:00 , saturday afternoon last night on the terrace was demolished . 
 now she had difficulty to restrain the mind . 
 enough ! 
 she decided to go out , take a walk , dispose of oppression . 
 she went down in the square , sat down at the table in the ice cream parlor and ordered a cocktail of citrus and rum . 
 she usually do not drink alcohol , but in the summer , a sip of rum liked . 
 she sipped through a straw immersed in the great chalice , as he thought the way to go for a walk . 
 she had not walked more than the path along the canal and the railway . 
 she walked in the underpass . 
 the passing train sent under gloomy sighted in the tunnel of red brick bologna . 
 the dark rattling pushed past him to run to get away from the noise deafening and the nightmare that was associated in his mind . 
 it 's true , among the many thoughts , she also had to call it quits , forever , so no one would have noticed . 
 the rattle of the trains also arrive in his attic and in the darkest nights and endless had thought to call it quits . 
 she imagined the scene . 
 disappear into a thousand pieces unrecognizable in the night . 
 you could see in the white shirt , as a ghost , barefoot between the sleepers of the ballast . 
 then the train arrived fast . 
 then she disintegrated . 
 she went into a thousand shreds unrecognizable sunk . 
 no cemetery , just peace . 
 here , now , was started on the old dirt path towards the railway station device . 
 at a brisk pace , under the scorching sun and the alcohol fumes which was not used , exceeded cloves of fields and fruit trees , inventories of a campaign in which she had enjoyed walking with his hand close to his mom . 
 she did not know to interpret his life . 
 she stopped . 
 she was suddenly matured . 
 she had changed the concepts of self , of others , of the city . 
 she felt misunderstood in their own pain . 
 it had all happened too suddenly . 
 the real cruelty had made her understand the essence of things . 
 the death had suddenly become an inescapable certainty . 
 she did not exist without the loved ones . 
 who was it ? 
 his little world of trust , affection , strength , safety , had collapsed . 
 his certainty was the trust in divine providence and prayer . 
 they had sustained at all times and continued to do so . 
 just them she found the strength to get up in the morning and go on . 
 she walked and thought and tortured . 
 the discomfort saliva and grew frantic pace . 
 she arrived near the station of san ruffillo . 
 now she had a sweet , distant , memory . 
 in the early hours of the winter afternoons on sunny days , her mother took her for a walk . 
 were standing there at the cippo . 
 the steps of selenite warming themselves in the sun , while the marble remained cold . 
 emiliana put his finger in the recordings of the epigraph and walked the letters , could not read . 
 it was a place of memory , of meditation , he perceived it . 
 her mother aspic with simplicity , that there had been no mass shootings ruthless , in world war ii . 
 the cippo the '' memorial of st. ruffillo '' it documented . 
 mary could not hide , compassion for those strangers , his neighbors who , in naples , were caught and shot in retaliation . 
 mary was already a citizen of the world . 
 she was beautiful then her mom , young , long , thick hair died , a thin layer of lipstick on her lips and eyes smiling pointing to a better future . 
 that face of her smiled now . 
 now , when the whistle of the fastest passenger train in transit , the surprises her behind . 
 *** the dear friend carla on the phone 13 august , saturday afternoon the afternoon trizia stayed in his apartment . 
 she had too many emotions : theft , recovery and ross . 
 she was exhausted . 
 she tried to distract the occasion ; the practice of trombley from sketch was perfect . 
 she started the computer and surrounded himself with documents . 
 she turned on the radio . 
 notes of classical music surrounded her , good for concentrate . 
 she initiated the drafting of the action . 
 when he immersed himself in the work , the hours passed quickly without cognition . '' 
 ... it follows the erroneous notified of the investigation ; trusting the plan is not updated properly ... `` it was at the heart of the problem when the phone rang for a long time before we hear . 
 the dear friend carla was looking for . 
 `` how are you ; not you call me `` she was prepared to submit a news item . 
 `` i read that it 's hot in bologna '' trizia did not want to tell her about the vicissitudes of the morning . 
 he preferred to think that you were enjoying the holiday . 
 `` blessed are you that the amusements ; then , the island is just as beautiful as they say ? '' 
 she had not heard the tone in the voice of the most pleased , however , could not wait for her to tell her the news , now preferred , from a distance . 
 `` you know that duilio married ? '' 
 `` duilio , my duilio ? '' 
 to trizia he was his property , exclusive of affection , right acquired by the length of relationship . 
 when referring of his new girlfriends , she was nervous a lot , now and then that he learned that he had married ! 
 struggled to hold back the rage of jealousy . 
 `` with who ? '' 
 she did not want that carla had the exact measure of his wrath . 
 `` he got married this morning , there were publications for a month , did not you know ? '' 
 carla yes , more than a month , but how to tell ? 
 his impression was that trizia she still loved him . 
 `` oh , with those who know you ? '' 
 she spent reviewing his achievements . 
 `` you know , gloria , our high school classmate , '' now you see how she gets angry , carla thought . 
 `` he is married to that hm ... '' she coughed ; she would not give her satisfaction . 
 even a dear friend , do not show the side . 
 gloria had already tried with him many years ago , both were music teachers . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 is it possible that he mentioned a dirty word ? 
 no . 
 trizia completely repudiated the `` did you know you from what ? '' 
 she asked questioningly . 
 `` as you say , sorry , i must leave you , call me when you get back , hello , a kiss , '' carla replied and hung up . 
 and good duilio , the couch potato ; the woman wanted a certain typ , eh ! 
 a little ' ... she bit her li , she was too good to be able to pronounce aloud . 
 she was too hot . 
 she remembered when he was in a taxi to the airport . 
 almost an omen . 
 margherita gardens was their meeting place . 
 the first time and then more . 
 hand in hand , telling , between avenues of plane trees , in the grove of oak trees to sit on the grass shaven , among the cypress trees leads along the bank of small lake from the edges of plaster , they fell in love . 
 sitting at the table to taste the ice cream from the cup , he spoke of the barcarolle and minuets , pinched and arpeggios , and occasionally brushed her lips closed with a kiss elegant . 
 she loved him in lightness as certain interests or books that accompany a life and do not trade with anyone . 
 she felt so fulfilled . 
 she thought it was that , love . 
 in the bathroom , threw cold water on his face . 
 she wiped the white linen towel from the initials embroidered on the edge of the hotel . 
 ironically , at that time the radio broadcast sevilla , played by andes segovia on guitar . 
 duilio also played with the talent . 
 too bad that did not have the same talent to interpret his life with her . 
 she looked in the mirror over the sink . 
 horrendous . 
 suddenly she saw ugly and old . 
 the years passed without a lasting relationship . 
 she was getting old alone , no one really liked . 
 she tried a lifeline . 
 his father could not reassure her in that case . 
 she had to think quickly to something very beautiful and sensual : ross , blacks irresistible eyes , curly hair and gleaming marble buttocks . 
 the phone rang again , who wanted more ? 
 `` yes , who is it , do you need ? '' 
 the hoarse voice , sore . 
 `` i 'm marco , you 're fine ? 
 `` marco had not given us peace , continued to mull over . 
 he felt guilty , he had warned of the threat to the pearl at the wrist , and it was also a bit ' scary . 
 he had a kind of revulsion to the idea of confronting someone . 
 he did not even throw a punch . 
 needed to be addressed , not only the wanted close . 
 `` i 'm fine , tell me , '' with you , shortened distances . 
 `` please , you have to come with me ; i 'll take you to a place tonight ; we have dinner together , i know a local sympathetic , eating , listening to music '' . 
 `` all right '' distracted , have fun , meet new people , that was not the recipe to forget the disappointments of love ? 
 she would have done so too . 
 *** carbon burning 13 august , saturday night marco pointed to the taxi to leave the waterfront . 
 they walked watching the sunset on the horizon . 
 the sun plunged into the sea . 
 the stunning coastline speckled with rocks and reefs are marine opened in the vicinity of two huge rocks near the green like a hug . 
 they stopped . 
 `` they call them the pitfalls of love , it seems that they kiss . '' 
 marco offered her his arm . 
 she agreed . 
 the head was elsewhere . 
 now they had stopped and he cinched the waist with one arm and hand resting lightly at his side . 
 `` tonight we are lucky , i can feel it , you see the green ray , here , look at it , the time is near '' `` ah , yes , a ray of light in the sea that looks exactly when the sun sends the fading afterglow '' of this phenomenon spoke brochures . 
 he rested his cheek on his temple . 
 trizia found that pleasant touch as delicate as the scent of his cologne . 
 the green ray , not even a sign . 
 the sun dipped in the green of the sea and disappeared while mark gave her a quick kiss on the lips . 
 `` marco , do not do this '' trizia including tenderness , could not get irritated by that excess . 
 she liked it . 
 his kiss was gentle and romantic as the sun set just seen . 
 `` we are no longer boys '' . 
 he could not explain to her why everything had to be complicated . 
 `` trizia , i like you `` she was silent . 
 `` i think i 'll be nice , what 's stopping you ? 
 `` trizia thought it looked like duilio ; enough , it took more sprints , more passion . 
 it was not her intention to offend him and flew over . 
 `` i appetite , we go to dinner ? '' 
 he did not understand . 
 she looked at him with gentle eyes . 
 then she took him by the arm and made his show the way . 
 at the local hot coals , the tables were almost all booked . 
 trizia and marco had to settle for a table very close to the speakers at the piano bar . 
 in many frequented the place to eat a pizza and dancing . 
 the music began while they were at first almost flat and could not exchange two words without shouting . 
 the restaurant is quickly filling them with smoke , the smell of pizza and happy people coming down the track . 
 they danced , laughed . 
 trizia had given up in conversation , she looked to the ground hopping between sudden flashes of light and shadow . 
 she thought they were all happy and meanwhile sipped robust red wine from a big cup , slowly , but without stopping . 
 marco was silent ; the noise was unbearable for him . 
 he did not remember a lot of people the first time , you estranged . 
 he was getting a nervous breakdown . 
 trizia was preoccupied , thinking of the second marriage duilio and again saw her , with duilio . 
 `` dr. '' ross called her while squirming among a group of young girls from very long hair and big boobs in tight t-shirts . 
 `` trizia narrowed his eyes to look '' `` ross '' and waved an arm . 
 red wine began to take effect . 
 marco awoke from slumber seeing his momentum . 
 `` ma'am is that we love to dance , '' `` marco , what are you doing ? '' 
 `` no , you go '' ross was waiting in the middle of the track and were soon sucked into the vortex has arisen to the sound of music . 
 mark followed her , his chin resting in the palm and eyed among the lights that blinded him . 
 she moved , on long slender legs , and enjoyed . 
 it was tasty look . 
 at least they returned happy . 
 he was not so fit between the confusion . 
 better to wait for it to get bored . 
 he ordered a coffee and a digestive , swordfish did not go down . 
 *** trizia and ross august 14 , sunday morning trizia was near the swimming pool of sea water , but he saw that his usual bed was already occupied . 
 too bad , she thought , had not some book , but the closer she got , the more that was familiar curly tail hanging to the side of the neck on the shoulder stout . 
 `` ross , you know that this is my couch ? '' 
 she used to him on the plane , was not strong in the bar . 
 ross lifted . 
 the mighty flexors and adductors move . 
 he looked at her half-closed eyes dazzled by the sun . 
 `` madam , good day , what are you doing here ? '' 
 he lowered her eyes and gaze clung to her beautiful legs elongated . 
 `` what are you doing ! '' 
 `` it 's my day off , i 'll take the sun is not it ? '' 
 the eyes dragged by the wide hips and ample cleavage . 
 `` ah , well , '' she pulled out the towel from his bag and in perfect line lay on the bed side . 
 mistake to give confidence to the cheeky boy that did not take away his eyes off her . 
 `` if you want it '' just do not get angry as the plane was also the customer of the spa park . 
 `` no , no '' smeared with cream and looking from under glasses , the contours to stalk him . 
 `` no lesson today ? '' 
 `` ah , you know i am an instructor ? '' 
 he was shot next to her elbow resting on the support to the bust . 
 `` eh '' she enjoyed the sight of his chiseled abs . 
 `` it does not follow the lesson ? '' 
 the lungs expanded air to show more . 
 `` i 'd need '' he provoked on purpose . 
 he liked to have beautiful women in the classes , stimulated him to work . 
 trizia stretched out and there was a shadow on the decolletage with parasol . 
 it was just that cheeky young , she thought . 
 `` there is also a gym with stationary bikes , benches , treadmills ; i bet you do not even know where he is . '' 
 `` quite right `` now she teased him with superiority and indifference . '' 
 then you have to see where ; let 's go '' with a downturn also stood up and lifted her grabbing her wrists . 
 `` ah , yes , yes , i 'm coming ! '' 
 he was convincing , might as well play the game . 
 the gym looked out on a thermal pool shallow . 
 it was not far from the bar . 
 at that time there were many customers . 
 she inhaled the pleasant aroma of coffee wafting through the air , but the smell of the cheese toast of the disturbing . 
 ross turned the key in the lock . 
 they entered . 
 she looked at the large mirror on the wall and took the opportunity to fix the swimsuit . 
 he started the stereo and the rhythm of the music listed the benefits of the use of various tools . 
 then he stopped . 
 `` ma'am , this however , you have to try , also has the frequency . '' 
 she went boldly on the platform . 
 not even time to put over her foot , which was pushed back backwards . 
 `` attention ! '' 
 he grabbed her by shooting with feline while she stumbled in its own flip-flops . 
 the shock of the day before struck again more intense and precise . 
 across the shoulders , back , groin . 
 something came to him this time because they would not let her go more . 
 sandwiched between the mighty arms , the hairy chest and strong against her soft and plentiful . 
 just a moment , and the soft cheek of him was laid on her , while the breath from the lips of ross and repeated rhythm in his ear . 
 the lucidity of both was not . 
 it began : as lightning and thunder as rain and wind storm , as mistral and meerschaum . 
 `` sign , you are a marvel of nature . '' 
 she sighed , the words were not necessary . 
 meanwhile marco had arrived at the triton and looked perplexed the two beds side by side occupied by towels . 
 he recognized to trizia . 
 he looked at the pool , but did not see her . 
 he sat down on the deck . 
 maybe it was soaked in a water spa . 
 the still waited . 
 he grew impatient . 
 he stood up and looked around . 
 or was it at the bar . 
 he walked . 
 trizia , out of the gym , the hair tawny decomposed as the straps of her suit , slipped rapidly into the locker room . 
 marco took time to see a red hair , he was not sure it was her . 
 he went to the bar . 
 shortly after ross was behind and to the left and then passed him without deigning to look . 
 he went in the direction of the bar . 
 marco came and sat not far from him . 
 he ordered a coffee . 
 in the meantime looked at him sideways , if she turned towards him , greeted him . 
 instead , he was the assistant lifeguard ross to greet with a hearty pat on the back . 
 `` uhè , rosalì ogg nu ' stavi libbero ? '' 
 -lrb- hey ross today were not free ? -rrb- 
 `` eh ! '' 
 he nodded his head . 
 he prepared . 
 the teasing was on the agenda between them . 
 `` va ' bbuò , then you were doing something entirely different , nu ' yes you extraordinary ? '' 
 -lrb- okay , so you did the extraordinary , you 're amazing ? -rrb- 
 was jealous of ross , he , a dark and stocky little man , it was heavy work , his hands were rough and calloused . 
 `` what do you care , none of your '' `` you have na hot head , statt ` accuort ' guagliù , risks , '' he urged . 
 the italian language was for conversations with customers . 
 what they were saying among themselves , they preferred to make that clear as possible , and they succeeded very well . 
 `` what wilt ' to me ? '' 
 -lrb- what do you want from me ? -rrb- 
 he was half-serious to the game as he pushed him away . 
 `` uh , because you are touchy , do you think that you do not see ? '' 
 shook her hips . 
 `` good ross '' satisfaction was laughing with open mouth . 
 meanwhile , marco was too close not to hear . 
 he understood little of what they said , but the tone of the two , was making up the blood to the head , ear lobes were of fire . 
 `` it comm ' è , dimméllo , i think cold '' -lrb- and it is , tell me , it seems to me cold -rrb- is embraced by only crossed by chills . 
 `` useless , that is nu volcano , vesuvius in chains ò , you got mo '' -lrb- no , she is a volcano , vesuvius in holds , do you understand now -rrb- he open palms of the hands turned and shook from the bottom up and then draw his features . 
 `` now add to the collection of beautiful figurines '' he laughed hoarsely . 
 `` lower à voice ! '' 
 gesture as if to silence him with his hand . 
 marco , a step away from him , staring at him with eyes as sharp as a scalpel by three-quarters and ruminated at the speed of light : the clumsy explanation , fiery , trizia and this , i do the court for a week , a frosty kiss . 
 the view multiplicity among the fumes of jealousy and those who came up from the cup before boiling . 
 how ? 
 he repeated , i have made them meet and dance together . 
 and this has , you frieze of conquest ? 
 seethed with anger as he said : `` i 've got it right ? '' 
 ross looked ready to attack if he had not understood the `` none of your concern '' included . 
 marco 's anger was kindled more without a response . 
 he hopped on her legs stiffened , his fists clenched directed toward the floor , but he knew that he would never get up . 
 he raised his voice instead . 
 the lifeguard will defile . 
 `` moderate your tone ! '' 
 said ross and touched by controlling the strength of his biceps . 
 marco found himself leaning to the counter balance . 
 tourists went . 
 someone commented . 
 it is impossible not to hear them from a distance . 
 trizia exit from the locker room , she recognized their voices , distinguished every syllable uttered by marco . 
 she went to them , and his gaze sharpened ice heading straight into that of marco confused by the rancor . 
 `` calm down , you check , you disappoint me '' i pushed aside by grasping the arm strength to get it back on itself . 
 then he turned and slipped away quickly without looking back . 
 the heat had melted away as suddenly happens to the marine tornadoes that load off of the headlands and scary even to look at them from the mainland , and then suddenly you download and disappear . 
 some die in a scary bang , without doing damage . 
 marco threw coins on the counter and walked out . 
 the lifeguard informed that the personnel officer was coming , ross stood there waiting for him . 
 in the late afternoon , trizia received a huge bundle of red and white roses . 
 marco sent . 
 there was also a ticket . 
 he invited her to go up with him in the mountains , to see the fireworks . 
 the next day was august . 
 he gave her a big hug with affection . 
 she had not realized that it could be so jealous of her . 
 she could understand his outburst , but his way of thinking . 
 the holiday was now at the end , because they hold a grudge ? 
 nobody always does what is right . 
 he had to be driven by anger . 
 marco had chosen a very polite way of apologizing to her . 
 she smelled the roses . 
 thirty-six fresh roses . 
 for a long time did not receive roses . 
 the gallant men were dying . 
 she accepted his apology . 
 she accepted his invitation . 
 *** stephen trombley august 15 , thursday , 15:00 the fair began at seven in the evening . 
 street vendors with their stalls , dances , food stalls , and entertainment on the stage mounted in the center of piazza . 
 trombley expect many customers in the store in the afternoon . 
 he wanted to prepare fresh sandwiches with ham and cheese , so , without even lower the blind , to fifteen was already in the car and in the vicinity of his shop . 
 in front of his shop window the street was clear out , at that time , with the infernal heat , there was none . 
 he pulled over to the curb and slipped into reverse to park better . 
 someone was there though ; there was this shady individual he knew only too well . 
 he waved . 
 what was he doing in front of his shop window ? 
 he had not done enough already ? 
 he did not realize that it was only a measly ? 
 he did not think more , the foot pushed deep into the accelerator , and the car jumped in behind scoured . 
 the window shattered , trays of tortellini soup and imperial , noodles and noodles bounced into the air and scattered on the floor , along with plastic bumpers and taillights . 
 brawn , cheeses , sausages , they were hung dangling between inside and outside the store over the gap of the window . 
 stephen bounced forward , took shelter with his hands as he slammed her face against the steering wheel . 
 the packaging of canapes with ham and mayonnaise that had rested on the seat right on the mat and slipped between the pedals . 
 `` what have i done '' she was crying . 
 his legs were shaking . 
 he had the courage to get out of the car . 
 you could see the scene in front of the old crushed between his coupe and its showcase . 
 rearview mirror right tried the trail of blood down the slope of the sidewalk . 
 the sidewalk was clean . 
 he got out and looked at it . 
 behind , under , even beyond the window that the blow had not thrown inside , toward the back . 
 there was none . 
 the window and its contents were completely gone to air . 
 it was a crowd of onlookers . 
 someone had called the firefighters , the town hall was on the other side of the square . 
 he arrived in a bicycle traffic warden . 
 stephen said that he had slipped his foot during the maneuver . 
 he had pressed the accelerator instead of the brake . 
 he had a fine . 
 he began counting the damage . 
 *** emiliana and stephen august 15th , late afternoon the trolley bus pulled up along busy hissing and sparking in the trolley . 
 he flung open the doors between puffs of smelly tires overheated , stale perfume mixed with sweat . 
 emiliana came down through the crowd to stop the piazza san lazzaro . 
 she had struggled against depression dawn , forced himself to get out , stay in the company , it was still august . 
 she was leafing through the phone book browsing the few names of acquaintances , but she was certain that none of them had remained in the city . 
 she also found the phone number of stephen , he was perhaps the only reasons to stay at home , even to the store . 
 stephen had met years earlier at the public library . 
 followed the same course of studies on local finds from the palaeolithic to the villanovan culture , preserved in the archaeological museum . 
 they were frequented , the summer also invited to the fair and was amused . 
 she liked the way you do stephen . 
 he was polite , courteous , curious , cultivated many interests . 
 maybe something would be born among them . 
 he wanted to go beyond simple friendship , but she resisted . 
 she sensed something is not clear , not fluid in him . 
 ambiguous , yes , there was something ambiguous . 
 sometimes the dark side of his personality put them anxiety . 
 they lost sight of . 
 of course he was in the store , and she could not take any more than talk to him . 
 i wonder if they will pretend not to know . 
 that figure would make her . 
 it was not the type to go after men . 
 maybe he would have received with kindness . 
 to this he thought as he moved to the side of city hall , between the bell tower and the porch , in the flow of people between stalls set up . 
 a few steps and reached the store . 
 suddenly he saw the disaster . 
 pieces of glass everywhere , among the shelves turned inside out , upside down between the trays , including fresh pasta and mayonnaise on the floor . 
 two stray cats in a corner , behind the door , vied for a slice of salami , between puffs and verses . 
 inside , stefano busy to rearrange food remains turned . 
 emiliana had no trouble in recognizing him , had not changed . 
 `` stephen , what a disaster , that what happened to you ? '' 
 even stephen recognized her , and his eyes softened . 
 `` emiliana , what a surprise , as ever in these parts ? '' 
 he spoke in spurts , but in a tone of affection . 
 `` what happened '' '' ... an accident with the car ... '' `` he hit right in the window , who was ? '' 
 emiliana asked . 
 stephen was silent . 
 she leaned against the counter . 
 `` emiliana , i find you in shape ! '' 
 he nodded and put a smile in the corner of the bin . 
 she confined two rebel brown tufts behind the ears . 
 do not pick up the compliment . 
 `` do not be evasive . '' 
 trombley relaxed on the modulation persuasive . 
 in the end , needed to vent to someone . 
 maybe it was better to do with her that had nothing to do all its reality . 
 then it was time for that secret came out from his lips . 
 he said , grabbing the remote . 
 `` i was guilty of this disaster , '' her eyes widened in disbelief . 
 `` did you feel bad ? '' 
 could not read more than the fact that in terms of health and disease . 
 `` no , it happened to me as i parked the car in front of the store . '' 
 she invites him to continue with a blink of an eye . 
 `` i saw it and i thought you know what , you delete it and rid of the nightmare '' instinctively , she took his hand in hers and squeezed it hard . 
 also with words of hatred in her mouth , which she perceived him as a frail , angry child , but not brutal man . 
 `` that man , i was still a kid , he lent attention in the back of the store . '' 
 he dropped his hand and motioned to the back room . 
 he had no intention of telling her in detail . 
 he would tell of when the individual sent his father to deliver a large quantity of hams and with the excuse of waiting for the store to pay the bill , he had approached . 
 with her , he could not get down in the gory details . 
 she was too reserved , too polite . 
 he still remembered when he took advantage of the dancing in the square , he had close to him . 
 he had taken her by the hips and tried to kiss her on the mouth . 
 all hell broke loose , had stiffened , seemed to embrace a piece of iron . 
 he wiped the sweat that fell from the sides of the bases . 
 shooting . 
 `` from that day on , my life has changed , i have not told anyone , not even to my parents , '' `` why do not you just say to your father ? '' '' 
 i was ashamed , i felt guilty ; when i was trying to silence the shame and tried to talk to my dad , he was never willing to listen to me , he was always busy , always had the biggest problems of my ; his needs are always come before mine , life is spent well , he died without knowing anything . '' 
 stephen ran a hand over his face flushed and rubbed his eye . 
 `` this afternoon i wanted to end this story , i could see only his wicked grin that i winked '' he paused , his temples throbbed . 
 `` i had her image before my eyes , i hit the '' now he realized that he had been lucky . 
 now he understood that nothing would restore his teenage years , that the death of a man is not repaid him . 
 he envied the sweetness of emilia . 
 she had the good fortune of faith . 
 from the square to the store , echoing the words and music , going to and fro , swinging to the rhythm of ballroom dancing . 
 the crowd thronged in front of the store also trombley , was ready to watch the show . 
 emiliana found in himself the strength of the spirit of mary . 
 `` hey stephen , the past is behind us , we can never return ; all we have to encourage ourselves : look forward , give the best of ourselves , have mercy ; all of you are wrong , we are human , we are dominated by passions , pain , desires , do not always have good feelings ; believe me , i 've had time to reflect on what life and death will take us all to the end and this should not make us want to hurt the other , but their joy ; we must give the best of ourselves for the good of all . '' 
 stephen remembered not so reflective . 
 he remembered her as a girl devoted to merriment , to a certain moderate - heartedness , a certain irony wise . 
 the recognized only in one thing , that when he started with the sermon , it was better to escape . 
 he did not have at that time , because she had exhausted the emotional and action was coming to an end . 
 `` now i 'll help you clean up the shop and then we go to dinner ; i remember that polenta with sausage gravy and it was delicious , the cook again ? '' 
 `` of course , with my sausage , i am the supplier ! '' 
 his accent emilia had the smell of sausages . 
 the square thickened . 
 they realized now that the curious passers-by turned round to look at the disaster and them . 
 they lowered the gate from the inside . 
 *** trizia and marco epomeo august 15 monday afternoon in the late afternoon with the taxi they arrived at the midway point , with the advice to go up by mule , that the road was long and arduous . 
 shortly after , they were already on the narrow and steep path . 
 they mounted and dismounted from the mules a few minutes from the summit . 
 the slim , cool breeze fragrant mediterranean and yellow wild flowers plus color charges for grazing rays of sunset , lit their curiosity and drove them to climb the steep steps of the race . 
 they reached the top of the mountain of tufa , flushed face , dry mouth and breath zeroed in front of the breathtaking view . 
 the view flowed from the islands to the open sea , the bays wrapped in lights on sunset . 
 it was the time when the red sky quickly left the scene of the first stars of the evening and the darkness of the night . 
 they were there to witness the spectacle of fireworks , on the occasion of the assumption . 
 they spent the night under the stars until dawn . 
 the departure was in the early afternoon , would have made it in time . 
 so they waited for the fireworks together with other tourists , including a group and the local guide , equipped with all point to the bivouac . 
 they settled on their cots fitted with woolen cloth . 
 marco , not quite out yet embarrassment to the scene of jealousy of the day before and the negative opinion expressed by her against him , sought the right modulation of the conversation beyond the thought that gripped him : `` she 'll be with me ! '' 
 it was not really willing to choke on that idea . 
 he adjusted his voice low and sweet tones that were better . 
 `` this evening was beautiful and warm ; we were lucky to find such clarity ; i 'm worried about the gusts that are coming up , if the wind picks up , there will be a fireworks show . '' 
 lying on his back , staring at the black sky and sought inspiration : `` the epomeo has a long history '' she was at his side , but it was as if he were not there . 
 just under the vault of heaven wonderful , his mind slipped out details of her and ross . 
 still she twitching . 
 then , the fireworks exploded in succession , the first lens and the individual , and after rapid close , drawing the sky lighting effects of various colors . 
 `` there he is '' said marco , from time to time , indicating one who seemed to him the most beautiful , moving a gesture in the air . 
 she followed them , attracted by the light trails , but before his eyes there was only ross , with his body , with its warmth . 
 she still felt that heat . 
 she had never experienced anything like this in his life . 
 too bad it can not even tell carla , would not have lost time , the friend , to change opinion about her , she would have listed among those who never miss a chance . 
 while she knew that was not so . 
 no one had passed that particular emotion . 
 ross had given him , and took , and gave , with warmth that had surrounded it all . 
 pounded his hand on the canvas cot , was a gesture of annoyance and disappointment . 
 duilio had loved her in the deepest sense of the word , and yet , with him had never experienced anything like this . 
 cold , yes , in the report , duilio cooled and deadened every passion . 
 quite the opposite of ross , his skin smelled of sea salt and sent to a crescendo , a whole world of emotions . 
 ross was pure body expression . 
 meanwhile , marco had noticed his silence . 
 he saw her absent , but at the same time he felt drawn to her like a small nail is attracted by a giant magnet . 
 the fires were apotheosis . 
 he went on with his arm raised in the sky , another rocket . 
 had exploded in silver ribbons and points of light fluffy ; deliberately , he fell flat on her , and his face buried in her breasts . 
 trizia parried the fall with all the strength of his arms and pointed a knee there , lower abdomen , where it hurts most . 
 he rolled over in his bed . 
 `` are you crazy , for those who got me , do not let `` now she adjusted the cloth to completely cover the shoulders throwing flames of anger . '' 
 you did not understand anything about me , '' she thought , turning the shoulders . 
 marco brooded . 
 enough , enough now , he had lost his patience , they came to this country both trizia and ross . 
 he turned away . 
 the fires broke out almost everywhere , exploding barrels infernal roar echoes long to the sides of the mountain . 
 they went again the parables of the rockets , the waterfalls of stars and sparks , and the blooms of color . 
 then a loud bang more and it was all over . 
 they swooped in darkness and silence . 
 the moon was down . 
 they tried to sleep . 
 the vacation ended that night . 
 they fell asleep wrapped in their shoes , shot on opposite sides . 
 the wind , from noon reinforced . 
 intermittent gusts swept the sea and went back shaking their hammocks . 
 they slept a restless sleep , the aurora had colored the horizon rose and was leaving the place at dawn , when the nostrils were filled with all burnt . 
 the atavistic , primordial warning they awoke with a start . 
 the tourists looked around worried . 
 trizia jumped up . 
 she was alarmed . 
 she looked . 
 red smoke further down a plane and proceeded over their heads . 
 the forest was in flames . 
 smoking and high tongues of fire . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 the local guide , informed that the danger was not immediate , was only the smoke , the plane would have extinguished the fire . 
 still , it was better to go down . 
 trizia saw that marco was heading for the stairs in the company of other tourists and avoided to achieve it . 
 she stood next to the guide . 
 she was scared , but the meaning of the work well . 
 she felt the burn the mediterranean , between smell and aroma of resins , including squeaks , rattles and sudden crashes . 
 she heard them in their ears like moans and cries of tortured beings . 
 she suffered with them . 
 she thought about the variety of birds and mammals in danger and sentenced to death . 
 now all breathing , coughing , like rivulets down to the creek , fast , with a handkerchief carried to the mouth every so often , trizia continued to fall , a little later there was marco . 
 bees buzzing around . 
 he spun about himself and waving his hands in doing so invited them to attack more . 
 trizia slowed his pace ; he did not even want to speak to him . 
 *** at the fair of st. lazzaro august 15 , monday evening now a lot of people , ordering , filling trays , sat at the table selected . 
 emiliana and stephen did the same . 
 they were loaded with food , a carafe of white wine , and made their way through the crowd to find a suitable place to witness the spectacle that was about to begin . 
 passed between the rows of tables clutching the tray not to spill it . 
 smells of grilled , chopped onion browned by the bolognese sauce , mingled with char burning , ladies perfume , which is poured wine from the carboys . 
 finally found a place in a corner almost behind the scenes , behind the first row of tables . 
 he sat down between chatter among squeal of rocking chairs on uneven cement , tablecloths of paper rustling between plates and plastic cups creaky , alternating between smooth music to pop . 
 `` i did a lot of good i can vent with you , i wanted to tell you '' she was silent , her head spinning . 
 meanwhile , stephen turned his gaze farther and found himself thinking how small the world and how everything converged to irritate that in mid-august . 
 ha had recognized at a table the secretary of stanzani . 
 he told her the shop and worked there as always . 
 his father gave him space for entertainment . 
 if needed , the afternoon , back to school , he was in the store and even in the summer . 
 he made him feel guilty and he got what he wanted . 
 when his father bought the store , i 'll made payable , but the aim was to force him to work steadily . 
 grocer had become so too . 
 emiliana now let him speak , she felt that it was good romp and a shoulder to cry she could not deny it to anyone . 
 stephen continued . 
 he told her that he had always been very apprehensive in his life . 
 he was an only child , his parents were advanced in years when he was conceived and raised in the belief that he was born by mistake and therefore unpopular . 
 every situation that was difficult to deal with , he thought it was because of how he was brought up to his parents : '' do not you see how many sacrifices we make for you , one day it will all be yours . '' 
 he was different , he loved to study , he wanted to travel , spend money on modern equipment and get a luxury car . 
 instead he had not had a penny in my pocket for several years after he began working steadily in the store , ran his own father . 
 `` i have also agreed to buy the damn shop '' he gesticulated and they bolognese aching legs seemed to materialize as soon as casts . 
 emiliana thought that stephen needed vacation . 
 she was best he left bologna for a holiday , could not take any more stories , her and the others . 
 `` i have a great need to regain energy , i think that in contact with the sun and the sea i 'll feel better ; i think i 'm going to naples '' . 
 she was planning immediately that he could move from naples to visit the islands of the gulf . 
 if stephen wanted to go on vacation with her , he would not have refused , the holiday could make him just fine . 
 trombley was not one to grasp implied . 
 `` oh , you go back in your part , '' replied the other hand , without malice , but without some finesse . 
 emiliana if it was not bad , not misunderstood , it was since he had had the use of reason to feel that she had to ask ' where are you from ? ' 
 every time she used his last name or when stared with a little attention . 
 it 's true , as a child , through adolescence , she had resented , but now there was more chance . 
 she made no distinction of origin , each person was unique , not easily categorized . 
 even she was . 
 sometimes it was hard , restless , or romantic and understanding . 
 always in love with everything that was good and expression of human ingenuity . 
 at this thought when a familiar voice was calling to her face and a known came forward out of the crowd dancing in the square . 
 emiliana recognized him right away , even if that was not met by the college years . 
 `` hello '' . 
 paul approached , but she had no pleasure to present trombley . 
 he got up quickly . 
 `` stephen there 's a friend of my party '' `` okay , '' replied stephen nodded , raised his eyes again and this time he saw simon , the secretary , the sent a wave from afar , had recognized him . 
 trombley began to think of his bureaucratic practice and the chance to win the appeal . 
 simon was at the table with the girlfriend , a slender graceful girl . 
 now the story of how this strange subject , agitated and anxious was the office of the stanzani , his boss , that `` squeezes balls '' called her and told her about what had wrong with thinking that a woman could take it more calmly at work . 
 she complained to her that the stanzani not granted him a moment 's respite , and told that three days earlier , had called him to the office for some details of the practice of trombley and that certainly was an excuse , it was just to check if he had gone to office . 
 simon noted at that time that the work haunted him even in august , because there was no longer refers to carla and girlfriend . 
 `` today 's expansion of stanzani around me , there is also her friend carla , i know because sometimes came to the office . '' 
 carla did not realize simon was engaged to convince his parents that the rabbit sauce was good , just like the previous year . 
 meanwhile , she thought she would have done better to put them in a nursing home for the holidays and to go to ischia with trizia , that no matter how irritated the new marriage duilio , the phone had appeared too cryptic , it was a new lover ? 
 would suspect that mattered to him trizia not always right . 
 meanwhile , ballroom dancing was over . 
 there was a pause . 
 it was just before the beginning of the show . 
 emiliana had reached and paul was sitting at the bar on the other side of the square . 
 they want to talk about how they had achieved in life after his studies and how he had lost sight of and how to work commitments away . 
 then he went down to the staff and discovered that both were not yet built a family . 
 emiliana also wanted to know of posillipo . 
 he still had parents who lived there . 
 she searched his memory of sweet and fun girl , those few moments they had lived together . 
 he was a graduate in engineering and he found himself very well in the city , so much so that he returned to naples after he had an office in the center of bologna . 
 emiliana knew he sang and accompanied himself on the guitar . 
 she had not forgotten that summer , at the home of paul . 
 on the terrace , the crisp breeze , with the sun already over the hill of posillipo , when the sea becomes blue and the houses at the foot of vesuvius more distinct , they invented the music and the words of a song . 
 i wonder if he still remembered it . 
 she intoned : `` looking in your eyes ... '' he finished : '' ... i found loving you ... '' '' and then , '' asked emiliana , but both had forgotten . 
 `` come with me to capri , my parents would be happy to see you again '' `` me ? 
 in capri ? 
 `` an ancient light of curiosity and amusement lit from the bottom of the eyes off . 
 paul shook her hand . 
 `` then we are agreed , '' he added . 
 `` i think about it and let you know , '' said emiliana and added : `` a beautiful holiday in my part , as trombley says , can only be good for me , '' she smiled . 
 paul had no idea what he meant , but did not pay much attention , now thought only to take her with him on vacation . 
 *** trizia and mark return home august 16 , tuesday afternoon the hour ticked past fifteen . 
 trizia and marco arrived on time , in the lobby of the hotel , with bags packed and waiting for each supported at the opposite end of the same bench of acceptance . 
 soon after came their escort , the one that he had picked up at the airport . 
 she wore the same uniform , but more wrinkled then . 
 she was expecting the usual tourists . 
 when half an hour later , finally arrived nearly everyone , she cleared his nasal voice and explained the situation , shouting , now that she was instinctively . 
 `` have you seen today 's windy and the sea is agitated ; just now , but the more you delay the more you risk ; we have to hurry and see if the hydrofoil part yet , otherwise we have to take the ferry '' . 
 the visitors did not give much importance to his words . 
 they were struggling with the bags do not forget , the last gift to be placed in the bags , postcards from the bellboy to leave the ship , calls for notice to be done at home . 
 trizia not expecting anyone at home and souvenirs in red hard case , they were packaged so that it would suffer setbacks in the luggage compartment of the plane . 
 she thought that if you could dance a little ' to the sea , was amused . 
 marco sleepy and offended , others followed like an automaton . 
 the micro taxi had arrived . 
 trizia thanked the manager for the exquisite and refined hospitality to its customers . 
 they went out . 
 the waves crashing on the rocks impetuous and disorderly and climbed up to the first steps of the entrance of the hotel , he saw the night of arrival . 
 it seemed they had spent months , not just one week . 
 he felt changed . 
 the island had awakened the innermost part of his being , drowned in daily living of appearance . 
 they arrived quickly at the port and stood under the awning . 
 trizia was careful about where he was going , did not want to leave his shoe . 
 the guide they gathered . 
 `` so , have you seen the sea is worse ; now you must take the ferry dock to another ; everyone brings his suitcase and be careful . '' 
 hushed mutterings of squeaks and rattles plastic wheels unfit to undergo shake up on the black volcanic stone lozenges irregular . 
 they skirted the harbor to the sea through the eyes of the ancient submerged crater . 
 from the mainland did not seem so rough . 
 once at the ferry went up the gangplank lorry . 
 trucks , cars and light transport were embarking . 
 between sounds sinister , the ferry swayed left and right while the means brake in his belly and were insured by huge steel hooks . 
 `` damn it , you can dance for real ! '' 
 trizia said . 
 meanwhile , the guide stopped the benches of the wrappers and aft , and left that tourists disperse between the inside and the outside . 
 trizia wanted to give a final farewell to the island and watch the sea for as long as possible . 
 she sat on a bench . 
 marco remained distant from her . 
 a bus went up and he was chained . 
 groups went up the ladder and they settled at long tables with benches , as in the brewery . 
 the siren sounded the last cry . 
 the moorings were giving it up . 
 the anchor was hoisted . 
 the ferry maneuvered back to front , back , half turn and then off to catch the sea outside the harbor in the storm . 
 the air was so clear to show the gulf islands and the coast in the sun . 
 surface waves , high and irregular , slapping the boat from all sides . 
 trizia was held stable fatigue attached in the back : `` i sailed , know their stuff : sea captains are scrupulous , careful , and capable . '' 
 she watched the tourists who were laughing and talking at the tables . 
 they had bought many beers and occasionally he poured into glasses and sipped . 
 marco began to feel nauseous and turned away to take the air on his face . 
 the ferry was pushed to cross the open sea . 
 a wave higher and more powerful struck the side of the hull at the bow and hijacked . 
 bottles , glasses , inline objects tumbled on the quarterdeck , crunches , sizzling , sounds of breaking glass and comments in a low voice . 
 now the ferry resumed his route and forcing rolling engines . 
 the wind was reinforced . 
 now the stern and the bow were made to rise and fall as opposite ends of a seesaw . 
 trizia followed the horizon , thus counteracting the imbalance of dizziness scar on his ear . 
 staring out , bobbing up and down like an insect caught in the blades . 
 in a moment went by to see , almost under his feet , the sea cobalt blue , gray and green in the distance and then the white foam and then land on the horizon and the blue sky and clouds thin , then even have time to recover by rocking the bow that already resurfaced and sky and horizon , and the blue sea below and hope not to end up in it , forever . 
 trizia was thrilled , excited and scared as ever , but there were those who needed his comfort that he was worse than her . 
 marco slumped on the bench , was in the throes of an obvious motion sickness . 
 him tenderly . 
 although he was alone . 
 approached him offering him support . '' 
 what does faints ? '' 
 the strong wind rubbing her words and her red hair . 
 `` do not tell me about it , '' replied folded in two . 
 `` oh , he thought to make a will ? '' 
 laughed sadistic , at times he could not help himself . 
 it looked better in the face . 
 one eye was swollen toad . 
 `` what did you do to your eye ? '' 
 sputtered thin tuft , the wind had put in his mouth . 
 `` nothing , nothing , an encounter with a bee '' it made him very ill , but he would not have confessed . 
 she ran a giggle throat . 
 `` come on , that the worst is over ; look there , naples ; how beautiful ; you do not say - see naples and then die - '' marco snapped clutching his thighs , knees knocking . 
 the ferry went along the promontory of posillipo . 
 ahead of them flowed the beautiful green areas , dotted with villas , gorges , caves and cliffs beaten by the wave , then the sumptuous buildings bourbon , the promenade and the pier soon . 
 the guide appeared . 
 `` have you seen what happens : the sea is calm first and then ... no one threw up , right ? '' 
 she paused with a look at the woman in skirt and jacket , holding his mouth with a paper towel . 
 she continued : `` now you go up and the ferry moored on the bus that takes you to the airport ; i wish you a good trip and i 'll wait another year , goodbye . '' 
 trizia listened stretching the dress flax rust that the damp sea salt was crumpled like an accordion bellows . 
 she felt sad and empty . 
 the holidays had come to an end . 
 she thought it was bad to lose his friendship . 
 a little ' if it was sought the reaction insolent of him , should have been more explicit . 
 `` his company was very pleasant , i have to thank ; i spent an interesting vacation ; because i do not see you ; we can go to museums together . '' 
 he looked at her and shook his head . 
 she continued : `` call me , my studio is on the list . '' 
 mark looked at her puzzled . 
 he was destabilized . 
 well , after all his toil had made , in part . 
 we would have done a little thought . 
 yes , a little thought . 
 in his own way , of course . 
 meanwhile they landed lenses . 
 trizia boarded the bus and sat in a window toward the bay and vesuvius . 
 beautiful , she thought . 
 his last thought , however , was to children and simple people he had met . 
 the bus was now full . 
 it was already boarding the lady on crutches . 
 trizia noticed that he walked very , very best . 
 she thought to reinvigorating baths taken in the warm waters of the spa park and rising up from the bay . 
 `` a slice of heaven '' let out . 
 she immediately noticed the happy smile of him , while pointing . 
 then smiled and raised his voice . 
 `` is just a slice of heaven ; do not you think ? '' 
 end thank you for reading . 
 if you enjoyed this book , then encourage your friends to download their own copy . 
 about me : my blogs : writernancy http://scriverebynancy.blogspot.it/ in divenire http://blog.libero.it/scriverebynancy/view.php on you tube scrittrice nancy http://www.youtube.com/channel/ucqo6owel0oulv8yjusky3va https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/writernc 
