 love letters from a teen heartthrob the non-handwriting version by q.t. valentine copyright 2012-2014 q. t. valentine smashwords edition smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 you are welcome to share it with your friends . 
 this book may be reproduced , copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes provided the book remains in its complete , original form . 
 thank you for your support . 
 table of contents introduction chapter 1 : the september chapter chapter 2 : the october chapter chapter 3 : the november chapter chapter 4 : the december chapter chapter 5 : the january chapter chapter 6 : the february chapter chapter 7 : the march chapter chapter 8 : the april chapter chapter 9 : the may chapter chapter 10 : the june chapter about q. t. valentine introduction if there is one thing that every teen in america can relate to it 's having a high school crush . 
 although most teens are quickly characterized as caring mostly about themselves first , there is always that one exception to the rule where they care more about the classmate at school they have a crush on . 
 but not every teen knows how to court their crush with the right smoothness or charm and some teens never experience the joys of being courted by that one , gorgeous teen heartthrob they secretly yearn to be close to . 
 `` love letters from a teen heartthrob '' by q. t. valentine is a collection of letters that every young lady wishes she could get from the guy she sees as the ultimate teen heartthrob at her school and every young man wishes he could write to win over the lady love of his young teenaged life . 
 the letters include a special mix of creativity , an appropriate sense of humor -lrb- including clean humor ; nothing offensive -rrb- , compassion , sensitivity , respect , and confidence . 
 he takes things at the pace most girls are most comfortable with : slow but intriguingly charming . 
 this is the best recipe for both happiness and success as a couple -- whether young or old . 
 for every young woman that wished she could get letters like this and for every guy that ever wished he could be a bit smoother with the ladies , this is for you . 
 and for those women and men that are looking for a trip down memory lane back into the teen years you 'll enjoy this collection of love letters written by one young man to one young woman . 
 what kinds of teens are writing these letters ? 
 it 's the rare young man that every young woman secretly dreams of and that every parent wishes for their daughter . 
 i could have written this as a mutual correspondence between two young lovers as other books have done but instead i chose to write it as if he , your very own teen heartthrob , were writing only to you the reader . 
 `` love letters from a teen heartthrob '' is the story , written in the style of letters to you that begin as a friendly correspondence by a young man you know at school that most other girls have a crush on -- including you . 
 yet interestingly enough , in addition to the friendly letters you receive from the handsome classmate you already know , you are also receiving different letters , love notes in your locker that are mysteriously signed `` love , your secret admirer . '' 
 try as you may , learning who your secret admirer is does not come easy . 
 could this mean that there are two young men at your school that have a crush on you ? 
 is your guy friend that writes you nothing more than a guy friend ? 
 or is your handsome letter-writing friend who you know well posing as your more romantic secret admirer who is secretly attracted to you but is too afraid to tell you for fear you may reject him ? 
 if you 're a young lady that wants to cozy up to the idea of what a good heartthrob might be for you without the problems that can come in a relationship then read on , enjoy , sit back , and relax as you read these letters as if they were just for you . 
 and if you 're a guy that 's never known what to write a girl that you really like then this book is filled with great examples of how to treat a young lady with the kind of word and deed fondness and respect nearly every girl privately desires in her heart . 
 regardless of previous ideas you may have had about the seemingly perfect ways of super attractive teens , you 'll see that even seemingly confident and popular heartthrobs get nervous sometimes and have a few things to overcome inside before they can let loose and say how they really feel to someone they have a crush on ... especially when that crush might just be you . 
 chapter 1 : the september chapter september 12 you : hey ! 
 what 's up ? 
 here i am in our english class just writing you a quick note and already i have writer 's block . 
 i guess that 's what happens to someone like me that 's trying to write someone like you . 
 well , anyhoo ... i thought i 'd break the ice and say `` hi '' and tell you also that there is snow in alaska . 
 but you probably already know that . 
 -lrb- girls are smarter than us guys that way . -rrb- 
 in fact , you probably learned that years before i did . 
 but that 's not why i 'm writing you . 
 rumor has it that i 've broken up with my last so-called steady girlfriend and that i 'm interested in someone else that you and your friends are trying to find out about . 
 so allow me to set the record straight . 
 first , i never had a `` steady '' girlfriend . 
 i 've just liked different girls and sometimes people say things that are n't true . 
 -lrb- surprise , surprise , right ? 
 we 're in high school for crying out loud . 
 rumors happen . -rrb- 
 secondly , when i 'm interested in someone else , depending upon how nervous i am about it all , i may or may not tell you . 
 and just so you know , i 'm not texting you because i do n't give out my cell phone number to most people . 
 my older brother got bullied all the time and so my family began a new rule that none of us can have cell phones that are for anything other than an emergency . 
 you know those cheap dorky phones that come with a super small screen and get lousy internet service ? 
 that 's what i 've got . 
 so the old school note writing is what i do from time to time instead of texting or e-mailing friends . 
 once i 'm nineteen , then i can get my own phone and my own service . 
 since i turned eighteen recently , that 's not too long to wait . 
 personally , i do n't mind because as long as stupid people will abuse other people 's phone numbers and e-mails by giving them crap messages that trash their self-esteem then i do n't need to hear from those people anyway . 
 so if you 're cool with me giving you notes from time to time , just let me know and i 'll write you again sometime . 
 hope you have a great day ! 
 later ! 
 me p. s. i did not edit or proofread this note . 
 i do n't plan on doing that with any others either . 
 i 'm a high school student and not a typical editor that cares more about grammar and typos instead of principles . 
 -lrb- however , i think my high horse is now throwing me off . -rrb- 
 september 17 you : you said you were cool with notes and you 'd like another one so here it is . 
 ok . 
 got to go now . 
 just kidding . 
 so what 's up ? 
 did you hear about that kid -lrb- a. h. -rrb- that cussed out that teacher at lunch yesterday ? 
 what a dork ! 
 personally , i try not to ever cuss . 
 so when i heard he got in trouble for cussing at a teacher , i was in shock . 
 oh , by the way ... for privacy in case someone else ever finds any of these notes , when i write about someone else that we both know of , instead of actually writing out their name i 'll just use their initials . 
 i figure if maybe i have some info wrong then the least i can do is protect the reputation of whomever it is i 'm writing about . 
 i think that 's the decent thing to do until facts are ... like ... confirmed . 
 you asked me about my handwriting . 
 yes , some say i have neat handwriting . 
 all i can say is that this is what you get when you enjoy drawing in your spare time . 
 -lrb- yes , i 'm good with either a pen or pencil . -rrb- 
 i 'm not a woman 's fashion expert but i really like what you 're wearing today . 
 you look really good -lrb- just in case you were wondering . 
 not that you were or anything -rrb- . 
 i mention that because some girls look too ... oh what 's the word i 'm looking for ? 
 ... slutty . 
 it 's not the nicest word but it bugs me when girls look like every other girl out there that thinks that showing skin is the only way to get a guy . 
 just so you know , i wish more girls dressed more modestly and with good taste like you do . 
 your shorts , skirts and dresses are always at least knee length , you never wear mid-drift tops and your sleeves cover at least part of your shoulder . 
 spaghetti strap tops or strapless tops are just too sleazy looking . 
 girls that wear low cut , cleavage revealing tops may as well have a sign on them that says `` willing to get or give any s.t.i available '' . 
 i 'm sooo glad you 're not like so many girls out there that dress so cheaply regarding morals . 
 that means you 're not likely to get cosmetic breasts either . 
 thank goodness too since i prefer authenticity in a woman . 
 it 's so stupid , in my opinion , to go into debt or pay to look fake . 
 give me a break ! 
 so anyhoo ... you look good today . 
 and yes , sometimes i repeat myself like when i say things like `` you look good today '' and i mention it more than once . 
 so now you know that sometimes i repeat myself . 
 did i already tell you that sometimes i repeat myself ? 
 just kidding . 
 well , i 'll end this note before you cry in boredom . 
 and by the way ... if you learned when you were three that alaska has snow then that 's only about ten years earlier than i did . 
 so i 'm not too far behind you on that one . 
 -lrb- ha -rrb- and no , i 'm not envious at all over the fact that you take more honors classes than i do -lrb- which is a lot since i 'm not in any at all -rrb- . 
 but if you think you 're smarter than me then just know that you ca n't fool me ... because i 'm onto you . 
 -lrb- obviously you 're smarter . -rrb- 
 and something you should understand about getting to know me : one benefit of doing so is that you never have to worry that you and i will show up wearing the exact same outfit to school on the same day . 
 -lrb- and if that ever did happen then i guess i can just hope i look good in a ladies outfit because my mind will obviously be elsewhere ... as in gone ... waaaaay gone . 
 this may already be what you think of me with these notes . 
 oh well . -rrb- 
 see you later ! 
 me -lsb- first anonymous note you find in your locker . 
 it 's typed so it does n't match any handwriting so it will take longer for you to figure out who these secret love letters are from . -rsb- 
 september 24 did you know that i love to drive ? 
 i absolutely love driving ! 
 i love the feel of sitting behind the wheel and handling the curves of the road like a master artisan . 
 i love the sounds of my favorite tunes blasting away in stereo in my ears . 
 i love going with my dad every year to get a new car to replace his old one because not only do i absolutely love that new car smell but also because there 's a good chance he 'll let me drive it once or twice . 
 -lrb- in fact , he said recently that since i 've got my license that he might just let me take his car on a date instead of just for occasional trips to the grocery store . 
 sweet ! -rrb- 
 but i 'd trade a great drive on a day with perfect weather just to be in one of our classes being lectured by one of our teachers simply because , although i would n't be in bliss behind the wheel , i 'd be in bliss sitting near you . 
 love , your secret admirer come with me and i 'll show you night skies of stars that grow the reddest roses their long stems of light dipping their fragrant petals that bloom and grow into earth 's gravity they gently flow while spilling earthbound bulbs of fire into the night ... september 25 you : you asked me if i could travel anywhere in the world , where would i want to go . 
 well , other than to your house -lrb- just kidding ... sort of ... do you have any liverwurst in your home ? 
 because if you do that 's a great way to keep me from ever visiting . 
 experts conclude that liverwurst is a natural repellant . 
 i know because i 'm the expert that wrote the report on it -rrb- . 
 i would like to take a road trip right here across the united states . 
 i think america is great ! 
 does that answer your question ? 
 it 's not that i do n't like any other country , that 's not it . 
 but i will say that understanding u.s. history as i do , and knowing how common it is for the vast majority of other countries to rule in tyranny and dictatorships over their people , using and abusing their own people as slaves , why would i ever want to visit anywhere else ? 
 just the idea of visiting a group of people in another country that are living in misery and my not being able to do anything to stop it would make me sick to my stomach . 
 i care a lot about how innocent people are treated or mistreated . 
 i guess i 'm a softie at heart that way . 
 and if some people do n't think that 's very `` manly '' then oh well . 
 i 'm only eighteen and i may not be an older `` man '' yet but i know that the world 's definition of what it means to be a man and what my definition is are two different things . 
 i 'd like to think that my definition of what a `` real man '' is is more in alignment with god 's definition . 
 and i believe god loves everybody ... even if some of us show up at school dressed in the same outfit as an opposite sex friend . 
 by the way , how old are you ? 
 are you the same age as me ? 
 i assume you are since we 're both seniors . 
 just wondering . 
 but back to traveling . 
 so you said you 'd like to visit `` the men 's restroom when no one is in it '' so you could take dirt samples for your biology project . 
 and what makes you think that the ladies room is cleaner than the men 's room ... other than the fact that it 's true ? 
 -lrb- and as gross as that image is in my mind -- having frequented the men 's room myself many times in my young life -- amazingly i still like you . -rrb- 
 so besides an empty men 's room , where would you really like to visit ? 
 let me know . 
 if my note today is extra weird it 's only because i 'm high from the paint fumes at our house . 
 my mom is having the entry way and a few other rooms painted today and the painter showed up early . 
 we hired a blind painter but he does a great job . 
 later ! 
 me p.s. . 
 you said you like pumpkin . 
 my mom makes great pumpkin pancakes with this amazing side frosting . 
 if i learn to make them soon and i brought some to lunch , would you like to try some ? 
 chapter 2 : the october chapter october 4 you : please stop laughing over the painter comment . 
 when my dad said the guy was a bland painter , i misunderstood and thought he said he was blind . 
 obviously that was a mistake on my part but must you keep teasing me about it ? 
 let it go ! 
 yes , i asked the front office and they said that there are no re-dos for student pictures . 
 i 'm not sure why you would be so shy about asking them yourself but that 's okay . 
 you really should n't worry about your picture because i think you look great . 
 really . 
 the only reason i brought my camera yesterday and took a picture of you was because i wanted a picture of you . 
 it has nothing to do with whether the school picture of you is good enough . 
 the fact is , i wanted more than one picture of you and i may just take another one of you sometime in the future so i hope you 're not too camera shy . 
 and if you are or if you do n't want me to take your picture then i 'll respect that and i wo n't take your picture . 
 so do n't worry about your school picture . 
 i would prove to you that i like it enough by blowing it up into a six foot by five foot poster for my bedroom wall at home but then people would look at me strange wondering why i 'm blowing up a picture of you that apparently you yourself are not very fond of . 
 here 's an idea . 
 i 'll go home today and have my younger brother take a bunch of nerdy pictures of me and then i 'll bring them to school just for you . 
 would that make you feel better ? 
 look , all of us at some point in our lives have a lousy picture taken of us . 
 sometimes it 's just our opinion that it 's lousy and then at other times it really is lousy . 
 in fact , i know a picture that i can already show you . 
 it 's of me sneezing out a mouthful of mashed potatoes last year at thanksgiving . 
 you 'll love it . 
 a flattering photo it is not . 
 so yes , the guy that has rumors of a new girlfriend every week , the guy that was voted the biggest teen heartthrob in both sophomore and junior years by his peers and the same guy that comes from a rich and seemingly perfect family is the same guy that with the right timing and circumstances can be seen as a total dork in a family photo from thanksgiving . 
 that 's me . 
 see you at lunch ! 
 -lrb- yes , the great pumpkin pancakes are here ! -rrb- 
 me -lsb- second anonymous note you find in your locker . 
 again , it 's typed so it does n't match any handwriting so it will take longer for you to figure out who these secret love letters are from . -rsb- 
 october 7 roses are red , violets are blue , sometimes my poetry stinks like the inside of a large , sweaty , princess pink glitter , male pro-wrestler 's shoe . 
 so let 's skip the poetry and let me tell you something new . 
 when i saw you walking down the hall towards me the other day , the whole world seemed to slow down and i wondered if my heart would stop . 
 you are so breathtakingly beautiful sometimes i think school attendance is hazardous to my health . 
 but as long as you keep going to school i do n't think even near fatal pneumonia could keep me from showing up just to see you . 
 -lrb- although i am tempted to create a sticker for you to put on your forehead that acts as a surgeon general 's warning that long gazes upon you may be hazardous to my health and everyone else 's health too because i ca n't imagine that i 'm the only one here at school that feels this way about you . -rrb- 
 so the next time you see anyone gazing a bit longer at you than might be normal , you may want to go easy on us as we are simply mesmerized by your sheer attractiveness . 
 love , your secret admirer october 10 you : your friend , g.a. , called me last night , as you may have heard . 
 she is a very interesting conversationalist . 
 did you know that she can make twenty-three different varieties of piglet shaped animal balloons ? 
 it was news to me that there was more than one way to make one . 
 very interesting ... i 'm not trying to insult your friend . 
 i just did n't know that someone could be so interested in telling someone else about so many different ways to tie animal balloons . 
 and in case you 're ever wondering , no , i do n't think i 'd be interested in dating someone like her anytime soon . 
 not that you were wondering . 
 or maybe i should put this another way . 
 if you ever get the idea from her that she likes me , or if anyone spreads a rumor that she and i are dating , try and let her down easy because i 'm not sure i would get the chance to if she gets a second wind of telling me about how many ways she can make a new variety of animal balloons . 
 i really do n't mean to be cruel . 
 i 'm just not sure what rumors will fly since i seem to attract them with every new girl that comes into my life . 
 sometimes i just wish people would be more interested in their own love lives than so focused on mine -lrb- or the actual lack thereof -rrb- . 
 speaking of love lives , are you interested in anyone ? 
 just wondering . 
 see you soon ! 
 me october 21 you : last night p.j. and i spoke on the phone . 
 she told me that once several years back that you guys were hanging over at your house and that your mom freaked out when you guys were getting a snack in the kitchen . 
 you were just getting a piece of cheese and your mom yelled not to eat it because you were `` going to get fat . '' 
 okay . 
 even though i 've never met your mom before , although i do n't mean to disrespect your mom , that ticks me off for two reasons . 
 first , you 're not fat . 
 i know you say you 're not thin and i 'm glad you 're not some twig because frankly i would n't want to hang out with a girl that might break in two if we were riding bikes together and for whatever reason she fell off . 
 as strange as this may seem , i 'd much rather have a girlfriend that might need to lose some weight than a pencil thin twig . 
 -lrb- and i know that we 're not dating but i 'm just saying what i prefer if the truth be known . -rrb- 
 so do n't listen to anyone that tells you that you 're fat because you 're not . 
 you probably have a healthy weight and that 's attractive . 
 i think you look great just as you are . 
 and those stupid women 's fashion magazines that insist that every woman absolutely must be able to fit underneath a door in the event of a fire to safely escape is just nonsense . 
 i 'm exaggerating about the ability to fit underneath a door but you get what i mean . 
 secondly , p.j. is n't exactly thin so i think that 's a bit rude of your mom to make p.j. feel fat like that . 
 who knows why p.j. struggles with her weight like she does but she should n't be made to feel like she 's an outcast or someone to avoid looking like because her weight is not the only thing that makes her who she is . 
 you 've heard me say it before . 
 i think p.j. is super pretty even though she 's heavier than most senior girls . 
 if i could ever take her out on a date i probably would . 
 she 's very pretty even if she has an imperfect body that the world says should be disgusting . 
 i like her and i 'm shocked that your mom would be so rude to a guest in your home and very likely cause you to feel uncomfortable as well . 
 now that i 've said that , i do n't feel the fact that i shared part of our conversation last night with you that this makes this gossip . 
 to me , gossip is to talk about someone else 's problems without any intentions of helping to solve them but to talk about them for entertainment purposes or to cause oneself to feel better than the one being talked about -lrb- such as just for ego or pride -rrb- . 
 i 've told you what i heard so that you know how i feel about when people call someone else fat and i think that you are not fat and that it 's wrong for someone to call someone else fat -- even when it 's true . 
 so i 'm a bit steamed over that conversation last night and again i hope you understand i 'm not trying to be disrespectful of your mom . 
 maybe the guy that falls in love with you and wants to someday marry you should be advised to elope with you to avoid hearing your mom freak out over the wedding cake that might make someone fat . 
 what do you think about eloping ? 
 me p.s. do n't get me wrong , but that was not a marriage proposal just now . 
 october 30 you : it 's been over a week and you ca n't let that question about eloping go . 
 i 'm not trying to say that i do n't want a mother-in-law . 
 that 's not what i was saying . 
 i know you 're half-teasing about it but really , your mom and i have not gotten off to a very good start so far and i have n't even met her yet . 
 not that we 're dating because obviously we 're not . 
 and the eloping thing was simply a question for you to consider for whomever you marry -- i never said that i wanted to elope with you . 
 but boy , if there was ever a way to guarantee that i would never get invited to your home or would never be welcomed by your parents , just tell them i asked you about eloping . 
 your dad does n't have a gun does he ? 
 i 'm just trying to stay safe . 
 anyhoo ... can we drop the eloping bit for now ? 
 so you said j was wondering about how a guy lets a girl know if he likes her or not . 
 then you asked me how i let a girl know i like her or not . 
 guys are different in a lot of ways but we all have the same interest : girls -lrb- unless a guy is gay and then he likes guys . 
 so far there have only been two guys that have ever liked me . 
 one of them is a good friend now since he knows i 'm straight and he respects that -rrb- . 
 some of us are `` fast '' with a use-them-and-abuse-them-and-then-dump-em-to-lose-them mentality where basically all we 're doing is smooth talking a girl to get her to have sex with us and then we 're done with her and ready to find a new girl to do it to all over again . 
 jerks like that are a dead giveaway because they 'll give up and stop faking their insincere flattery and smooth talking to move onto another girl once he 's heard no from her about sex a few times -lrb- unless he 's a bigger jerk that date rapes -rrb- . 
 but guys like me tend to take things slow -lrb- we do n't push for sex with a young lady before marriage -rrb- when we really like someone . 
 the best way to know if a guy is really in love is by how nervous she makes him whenever she 's around . 
 the more nervous we are when we 're near a girl we like or when we 're on the phone with her then the more we like her . 
 but some of us are better at hiding our nerves than others . 
 -lrb- hint . -rrb- 
 most guys are n't as chatty as i am which may be why most guys do n't write notes . 
 -lrb- generally speaking , guys that like to talk will also like to write . -rrb- 
 i bring this up because if a guy is more talkative then he 's more likely to show his nervousness by talking about mindless stuff or silly stuff or maybe he talks really fast to a girl he likes . 
 guys that are quieter or less talkative might be even more quiet around a girl they really like . 
 and those of us that are really serious about a girl will start thinking about college and what it will take to adequately provide for a gorgeous wife that may have a reasonably difficult mother-in-law . 
 for example , i read about a smart way to choose the right career so that whomever i marry never needs to worry about money because i 'll earn enough to take care of both of our needs and our children 's needs . 
 there 's an article about `` the financial math of hope vs. despair '' at alexopalstone.com that i looked at recently . 
 it talks about thinking about emergency savings and smart investing and other expenses first before thinking about living expenses so that way you plan on having a sufficient amount for income needs in a marriage . 
 needless to say that since i 've read that article i have a much better chance of making the right choices and believing in my own ability to succeed than had i never read it so my future wife will be well taken care of by me whenever i eventually marry . 
 i think it will be easier to strive to earn a half a million or more a year for true financial security than it would be to struggle as most people do living paycheck to paycheck their whole lives . 
 i do n't want to live paycheck to paycheck and have my wife worry about money or not have enough saved quickly enough for whenever emergencies happen and a lot of money is suddenly needed to solve a serious problem . 
 it 's just like that saying , `` life happens . '' 
 so i think my future wife and i will sleep better when we 're adequately prepared . 
 and besides , i want to be able to donate more generously to the charities i like . 
 so many of them are dependent upon most of their donations from people living paycheck to paycheck and ca n't give very much . 
 if i earn plenty of money then not only will i have a truly self-sufficient income but i 'll set a good example for others and hopefully more people will do the same . 
 in fact , i think i 'll even encourage people for the rest of my life to learn how to earn a great income so that they can be self-reliant and donate generously and hopefully they 'll teach others how to do the same . 
 and , by the way , even though becoming rich will make me all the more attractive to most women , that 's not the ultimate driving force behind my motivation to be prosperous . 
 does that answer your question ? 
 i know what you 're thinking . 
 guys are weird about sex . 
 yes , some of us are but not all of us . 
 some of us do our best to be decent and to show girls and women proper respect . 
 those lessons to get us to be decent have to be drilled into us over and over starting at a young age though or we never learn and then it 's those guys that become real monsters . 
 if i ever do anything that offends you or is disrespectful to you or not decent in some way to you then i would hope you would tell me so that i could have the opportunity to correct it . 
 you 're certainly worth it and so is our friendship . 
 are you going to the party this friday ? 
 i 'll show up if you do . 
 so let me know . 
 i heard it 's costume optional . 
 most likely i wo n't dress in a costume but i 'll just show up dressed normal . 
 -lrb- although i heard from my gay friend that the shirt i wore yesterday really did n't quite match with the rest of my outfit and so it `` frightened '' him so maybe i 'll just wear that and if it scares people at the party then i can just claim it 's my costume . -rrb- 
 see you ! 
 me chapter 3 : the november chapter -lsb- third anonymous note you find in your locker . -rsb- 
 november 4 recently i saw a clip from the movie `` a street car named desire '' where marlon brando goes out in the middle of the night over to the home of a girl he 's passionately crushing over -lrb- in love -rrb- and he starts yelling outside beneath her window calling her name . 
 i never understood before what that was all about ... until i met you . 
 sometimes i feel i absolutely must see you ; i must be with you , talk with you , hold you -- kiss you -- just you and i together alone . 
 and yet i know that these feelings must be a two-way street where you want the same thing with me too . 
 i also do n't want to disrespect you by pushing temptation on you to do what we believe in our god-loving hearts to be wrong . 
 and , of course , you still do n't even know who i am because i do n't have the guts to tell you yet . 
 so i just wanted to tell you that after seeing that movie scene again , `` i get it . 
 i really get it now . '' 
 but do n't worry . 
 i 'm controlling my thoughts . 
 i 'm doing all that i can to resist having a `` street car '' moment so i do n't freak out you and your parents in the middle of the night simply because you are so gorgeously beautiful . 
 love , your secret admirer ... i 'm being careful to avoid the thorny paths of lust fearing to awaken within you the lion that slumbers in your soul ... november 5 you : so you say someone has been putting secret notes in your locker lately and you 're wondering if i might know who the person is that keeps doing it . 
 that 's a good question . 
 are they creepy notes ? 
 are they handwritten ? 
 or are they typed and printed ? 
 are they pleasant notes ? 
 do they ever mention cows ? 
 do they ever mention hula hoops ? 
 do they ever mention singing ? 
 do they ever mention cows that are doing hula hoops and singing ? 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm not trying to make fun of you . 
 really . 
 the most important question is to know if any of these notes are creeping you out because then i 'll have to find out who it is and kick his a _ _ . 
 but if they do n't creep you out , depending upon what these notes say , i might just be tempted to kick him in his butt anyway -- perhaps while he 's looking in the mirror so he can see me kick him in his butt . 
 so let me know a little more about the actual notes themselves and what your intuition tells you is going on and that may help me to get you an answer more quickly . 
 -lrb- and hopefully it will be an accurate answer -- and one that you like . -rrb- 
 it 's great to see you at school today ! 
 -lrb- not that it was n't before . 
 it 's always great to see you at school . 
 so do n't think it 's ever not been great to see you . 
 because if i ever gave you the impression that maybe it has n't been great to see you then that simply would n't be true . 
 i mean , maybe you may have thought that i gave you such an impression but if i did i certainly never intended to because it 's always great to see you . 
 okay . 
 now i 'm rambling . 
 time to go . -rrb- 
 later ! 
 me november 12 you : after thinking a lot and doing my own special investigating i think i may know who the guy is that is putting these messages in your locker . 
 but there 's a problem . 
 he is n't ready for you to know who he is . 
 and since you say they are all pleasant notes and you do n't see any of them as `` creepy '' per say , then i think i should respect his privacy by not telling you who i think it is and when he 's ready to tell you then he 'll tell you . 
 you also said you just wanted to know , if we could n't figure it out yet , if he 's an ugly guy or someone that might be creepy even though nothing he 's written is creepy yet . 
 so this much i will say : if it 's the guy that i think it is -lrb- and i 'm pretty sure it is -rrb- then i can tell you that a lot of girls like him so at least he 's not exactly `` unattractive . '' 
 as far as whether or not he 's creepy personality-wise i think he 's a pretty good guy . 
 he 's a god-loving christian . 
 that much i know . 
 he even likes the fine art photographic works of everett staley -- just like you . 
 -lrb- i checked out theartistdude.com and there 's some cool stuff there . 
 you 're right . 
 staley has high quality art and i heard he has high morals too . -rrb- 
 but if you decide you do n't want any more secret admirer notes then i can pass that message along to him and then you just tell me if you still get more notes anyway because if you do then i 've got the wrong guy and i need to find the right one and go kick him in the butt -lrb- in front of a mirror , of course -rrb- . 
 shall we sit together again at lunch today ? 
 hopefully i 'll see you then ! 
 later ! 
 me -lsb- 4th anonymous note put in your locker . -rsb- 
 november 22 has anyone driven over to your home in the middle of the night and gone beneath your window calling out your name ? 
 because if they did , just so you know , i did n't do it . 
 -lrb- you see i told you i could control myself . -rrb- 
 that certainly is n't to say that you are any less beautiful but only that i see you as so incredibly beautiful that i can control those `` street car '' desires so far . 
 but if for some reason that changes then you 'll know because i 'll be outside your window in the middle of the night calling your name probably only to find that the next thing you see is the police quickly pulling up with red and blue lights flashing and sirens blaring as they quickly haul me away in handcuffs because i 'm disturbing the peace -lrb- and breaking curfew -rrb- . 
 for some reason that image of me being hauled away while calling out your name is n't very romantic . 
 maybe you 'll agree . 
 so i 'm pretty sure i wo n't be doing that anytime soon . 
 i might , however , sing you a song about butterflies , hula hoops and butter and maple syrup covered pancakes under a canopy of stars -- with your parents consent , of course . 
 -lrb- not that the butterflies and hula hoops would be actually on the pancakes because obviously nobody eats butterflies or hula hoops but they would be just on the side , you know , like entertainment ... or ambiance ... like the stars ... never mind . -rrb- 
 love , your secret admirer p.s. have a happy thanksgiving ! 
 -lrb- and if anyone serves you butterflies or hula hoops just tell them they 've got it wrong because they 're for ambiance ... not for eating but ambiance ... like candles at dinner ... or like the stars out at night ... with a date outside at night ... and i 'm not talking about the kind of date that you eat because that 's the wrong kind of date ... that would be cannibalism and that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
 i 'm talking about romantic dates not creepy eating your dates . 
 so do n't think i 'm trying to refer to you like you 're a fig because i 'm not . 
 of course , that 's not to say that you 're not sweet because ... ok ... -lrb- awkward -rrb- ... this is not where i had planned this note to be going . 
 i 'm just going to have mercy and stop typing now . 
 although i 'm not sure who needs that mercy more now among the two of us . -rrb- 
 p.p.s. just run away ! 
 save yourself ! 
 do n't worry about me . 
 i 'm a natural disaster of pathetic humor . 
 go ! 
 ... save yourself ! 
 ... hurry ! 
 and do n't look back ! 
 -lrb- unless of course you smell a jelly donut and then you can . 
 i know i would . 
 i mean , who would n't ? -rrb- 
 chapter 4 : the december chapter december 3 you : so you 're still receiving secret notes from a `` secret admirer '' and you 're okay with it . 
 well , if you 're okay with it then i 'm okay with it . 
 so did you have a good thanksgiving ? 
 i hope so . 
 we always have plenty of food and i like our family tradition of everyone going around the table and naming some things they 're thankful for before we all dig in and eat . 
 it 's a good tradition . 
 does your family have any thanksgiving traditions you really like ? 
 what are they ? 
 i come from a christian family so we believe that every good thing comes from jesus christ . 
 so as we counted our blessings last month , i 'm excited about paying blessings forward this month due to the christmas holiday . 
 do n't be too surprised if i ask you later if there 's anything in particular that you might like for christmas . 
 i was thinking i might give you the gift of music . 
 any favorite bands you like ? 
 maybe you could think of some if you like listening to music . 
 i know i love listening to music . 
 you always see me in the halls in between classes hooked up to my portable music player like it 's an i.v. lifeline -lrb- one that just drips beats of bliss into my ears -rrb- and now you know why . 
 i ca n't live without great music ! 
 there are a few more minutes until the first class begins and i just saw you for the first time today turning down a nearby hallway . 
 i was going to write something else but i lost my train of thought . 
 well ... if i ca n't remember what i was going to write before i saw you , then at least i can say that you look great today -lrb- as usual -rrb- ! 
 you 're never a disappointment , that 's for sure . 
 maybe i should ask you about your secret admirer . 
 do you have any ideas of who it might be ? 
 and if you think you know who he is , does this mean that you like him ? 
 or does it just mean that you like getting the secret notes but you 're not necessarily into him ? 
 just wondering . 
 maybe i should write a note to you and slip it into your locker sometime . 
 but , of course , you 'd know it 's from me because you already know my handwriting by now . 
 so that 's out . 
 but if i did decide to slip you a note in your locker today , maybe it might read something like this : dear you , you know me because we share a couple of classes . 
 so i was wondering if you might see it as particularly romantic if we sat together and ate lunch today . 
 what do you think ? 
 love , your not-so-secret admirer : me but that kind of note would probably make you yawn and say `` we always eat lunch together . 
 boring . '' 
 and , of course , that would crush my tender heart like a hamster sitting down on a piece of chocolate puffed cereal . 
 -lrb- can you hear the crunching sounds now ? 
 oh ! 
 ... please ! 
 ... have mercy ! 
 ... -rrb- of course , i can also hear you saying , `` the hamster 's butt , with its unique combination of fat and hair , has a much larger comparative ratio than the tiny chocolate puffed cereal piece so maybe it would actually make no clearly discernible sound at all . '' 
 thanks . 
 thanks a lot . 
 your sensitivity is so moooving . 
 -lrb- not . -rrb- 
 but despite your occasional seemingly scientific ways over matters of the heart ... i thought you might like to know one of the things i said i was grateful for over thanksgiving : my association with you . 
 the day that you stop showing up for school is the day that i not only start the largest search ever commanded in united states history , but also the day that i wonder how in the world i 'll ever be able to replace conversations about pumpkin pancakes , a young woman wanting to visit an empty men 's restroom and mysterious secret admirer notes that keep appearing in that awe inspiring space known as your school locker . 
 but , thankfully , you 're here at school today . 
 so i 'll take appropriate advantage of the opportunity that is before me today by asking you a maybe not quite so usual but still sort-of christmas seasonal appropriate question : what kind of flowers do you like ? 
 and are there any that you do n't like or are allergic to ? 
 this question may be for my own casual curiosity or i may be asking on behalf of the guy that is your secret admirer . 
 so those are some things for you to think about : music and flowers and maybe what i 'd write you if i put a note in your locker today . 
 -lrb- but i wo n't put a note in your locker today since i much prefer to just hand you this in person right before our class today . -rrb- 
 or maybe you could just tell me if you like red roses or if those are too boring for you . 
 long-stemmed red roses are one of the most expensive ways of saying `` i love you '' that exists in the floral industry . 
 so if anyone ever gets you even a single red rose , get ready because they just might be testing the waters to see if you 'll let them buy you several more later . 
 hope you have a great day ! 
 later ! 
 me -lsb- 5th anonymous note put in your locker . -rsb- 
 december 9 title : `` true love never ends '' you haunt me your voice haunts me in the daytime visions of the beauty of your face visions of the beauty of your body haunt me in the dreams of the night you mesmerize me your voice travels into my heart your eyes pierce deep into my soul your spirit touches mine and love takes control i can run but i ca n't hide i can try and forget but the memory of you keeps rushing back to grab hold of me deep inside i can pretend you 're just a friend i can pretend it 's all a game but the facts prove over and over my heart will love you until the end until the end of eternity and all because it 's love and some say love ends but i 'm inclined to strongly disagree because when it 's true love it ca n't really be denied that true love never ends . 
 true love never ends . 
 thank our loving god it never ends . 
 love , your secret admirer december 12 you : looks like you and i like a lot of the same music ! 
 sweet ! 
 so i 've got a pretty good idea of what i 'll be getting for you this christmas . 
 i 'll be bringing gifts next week on the second to last day before the christmas break to be giving to our friends . 
 that 's going to be so much fun ! 
 i ca n't wait ! 
 since you said you 're a fan of long-stemmed red roses , do you think it 's a bit too much if a guy gives a girl he likes a long-stemmed red rose before he asks her out ? 
 just wondering . 
 i just love the christmas holiday ! 
 and you look devastatingly beautiful in christmas red , i might add . 
 -lrb- i love that sweater you 're wearing today ! -rrb- 
 my dad says that guys do n't compliment women enough when they look good . 
 i asked my mom and she said it 's true and then she added , `` but you men need to be more specific . 
 do you like the dress or just the pearls only ? 
 or do you like the pearls with the dress ? 
 ... be specific because we 're dressing for you . '' 
 then my dad whispered loudly to me , `` that 's not true . 
 they dress for their girlfriends as much as -- if not more than -- they do for men . '' 
 to which my mom quickly replied , `` well , we 'd dress more for men if they 'd compliment us the way our girlfriends do . '' 
 so let me be one of the first men you 've ever met to tell you specifically that i really love that sweater you 're wearing today . 
 everything you 're wearing together looks great ! 
 but i will say that probably one of the reasons us guys do n't get specific is because , 1 -rrb- often we have no fashion sense of our own to be able to recognize specifics , and 2 -rrb- frankly , we are concerned someone might think we 're gay and if that `` someone '' happens to be a young lady we like , then we do n't want to blow that chance to make sure she knows we 're not only straight but very likely attracted to her specifically . 
 you see , guys have no problem knowing and being specific about which female we may like , but what she may be wearing that day is not noticed as much because often we 're so mesmerized by her beauty that all we notice is the whole picture instead of details or specifics . 
 girls are better at those details because you 're practically trained from the womb to be better at those things by every fashion magazine in existence . 
 but guys , we can spell the word `` fashion '' and that 's about the extent of what we know regarding the subject . 
 -lrb- and some of us ca n't even spell fashion correctly . -rrb- 
 anyhoo ... enough about fashion . 
 i 'm curious about what you think of this secret admirer of yours . 
 i asked you about a week ago in a note about if you think you know who he might be and you have n't said anything . 
 then i asked you at lunch recently and you sort of gave a deep thinking kind of look but you never actually answered the question . 
 -lrb- of course you also had a mouth full of food when i asked and then the class bell rang . -rrb- 
 so , not to pressure you too much but ... any ideas of your own as to who this fellow might actually be ? 
 any ideas if you might actually like him if you think you know who he is ? 
 or does the mere thought of who he might be cause you to throw up a bit in your mouth ? 
 -lrb- okay ... maybe if that last one is the case then maybe i do n't want to know either . -rrb- 
 you just seem like you 've been talking to your girlfriends more than with me more lately so i 'm just wondering if he 's the main focus of your conversations with others . 
 but maybe that 's really none of my business because i do believe in respecting your privacy . 
 so you do n't have to tell me if he 's what you 're talking to them about . 
 that 's fine with me . 
 okay . 
 is that what you 're talking about ? 
 ugh ! 
 it 's really killing me now . 
 i 'm just soooo curious . 
 no ... wait ... is it something that i did or said that 's making you talk to your friends more than me ? 
 did i do something wrong ? 
 please tell me and i 'll waste no time in fixing it . 
 whatever you want . 
 just let me know . 
 i 'm a bozo sometimes . 
 we both know it . 
 so just tell me how i screwed up ... let me fix it ... let 's put it behind us ... and forgive me . 
 so , did i screw up somehow ? 
 is that why you 're not talking to me as much as you are your girlfriends ? 
 just let me know . 
 i 'm here for you . 
 you know , i 'm always here for you . 
 or maybe it 's back to the fashion thing . 
 because you know us guys do n't have a clue when it comes to fashion . 
 we always have to get help from others whether that 's the lady at the store or one of our gay friends that 's helping us to dress well enough to maintain our straight reputation while also not dressing so well that our gay friends think we 've flipped and are available for their pursuit . 
 -lrb- that 's a fine balance to strike in the world of heterosexual males , you know . -rrb- 
 so is that it ? 
 does my suit coat not really go with my jeans ? 
 is the tie too much ? 
 or what about my hair ? 
 you know s.b. is always flirting with me by coming up to me and running her fingers through my hair even though we both know there could never be anything between us . 
 she 's always paying me the same compliment like a broken record in that same flirty tone of voice , `` so i see the guy on the latest cover of gq magazine is following your cue by having the same hairstyle and clothing as you . 
 do n't you think it 's about time you started returning the calls of gq so they can finally put the most wanted man in our school on the cover ? '' 
 so maybe there 's some inside joke going around school that i 'm no longer the biggest teen heartthrob anymore -lrb- that comes from the picture that went around during last year 's school dance when like ten girls wanted to be in a picture with me . -rrb- 
 so maybe i 'm not that good-looking anymore . 
 that 's okay . 
 i can handle it . 
 -lrb- maybe . -rrb- 
 look , maybe i 'm overreacting here but i just ca n't help but to notice that we 're not talking as much lately and i just want to make sure things are good between us . 
 that 's all . 
 if i 'm annoying , tell me how i 'm being annoying and i 'll stop it . 
 or at least i 'll try really hard to stop it . 
 -lrb- because you know me , good-looking or not , sometimes i am annoying . 
 sometimes i have nerdy humor . -rrb- 
 well , that 's about the longest letter i 've ever written anyone in my life so i suppose i should stop here and call it a day for letter writing . 
 hope you have a great day ! 
 did i mention that your sweater looks great on you today ? 
 yes . 
 i 'm looking back over this note and it seems i have , in fact , complimented you specifically on your sweater today -- apparently numerous times . 
 later ! 
 me december 16 you : what a relief ! 
 one of your girlfriends just broke up with her boyfriend so you were spending more time giving her emotional support . 
 that 's great ! 
 i mean , it 's not great that she and he broke up and i 'm not saying that 's great like i 'm interested in her but what i meant was that 's great that there 's no problems between you and me . 
 excellent ! 
 -lrb- oh , and send your friend my sympathies about her recent heartache . 
 unless i 'm not supposed to know about it and then just ... um ... keep giving her your sympathy and support . 
 yeah ... keep doing that because that 's what friends do and you 're a good friend and i support you giving her your support . 
 okay . 
 clearly i 'm talking in circles on that one so ... anyhoo ... moving right along . -rrb- 
 so , how are you today ? 
 -lrb- and feel free to note that i 'm so glad things are good with us that i 'm not even going to ask you about your secret admirer friend . 
 just read this whole thing and that last sentence will be the only time i even mention him . 
 so , no worries since i know you have n't said anything still so that tells me you still want your privacy and i 'm cool with that . 
 i 'm cool . 
 no worries . -rrb- 
 you also asked about my opinion of refined affectionate friendships -lrb- or r.a. friendships -rrb- since this is what you have with her . 
 so here 's what i think : good , honest people wo n't have a problem with it since it 's non-sexual . 
 i think it 's great and i support it . 
 but , unfortunately , since we live in a hypersexual society , i think too many people would see it -lrb- r.a. friendships -rrb- as more homosexual than pure , simply because most americans are n't nearly affectionate as once before . 
 it used to be that in the 1800 's that two men or two women could walk with their arms around each other 's shoulder without people assuming anything sexual . 
 it used to be that two people of the same gender could be more verbal and affectionate and less ashamed of having deep feelings for someone of the same gender without sexualizing it . 
 but these days , as long as people get their views directly or indirectly from the influence of the porn industry , it will take some time for typical americans to see that it 's possible for two people of the same gender to be very affectionate and loyal without it also being sexual -lrb- like the non-sexual but deep love and more open affection of r.a. friendships -rrb- . 
 undoing the hypersexual influence takes time and can cause unnecessary guilt like the example in the bible new testament when christ had to teach one of his apostles not to call something unclean that was actually clean -lrb- the lesson being that the higher law of christ makes things clean that the world would consider unclean -rrb- . 
 i like how t. m. meek put it , `` too many otherwise good , christian heterosexuals are too afraid of the strengths many homosexuals have to openly embrace the healthy need to have a deeper emotional connection with someone of the same gender than is typical of most average american non-affectionate friendships . 
 to have pure affection expressed in a same gender friendship is the healthy middle ground that is largely absent in much of heterosexual american culture which tends to leave most of us as adults with only the choices of two extremes : hypersexualization in relationships or love with little or no truly intimate affection -- neither of which is truly fulfilling for the human spirit . '' 
 so does that answer your question about my opinion of r.a. friendships ? 
 i hope so because i think they are a better type of heterosexual same gender friendship than the colder trend that 's been building for over a half a century here in the u.s. . 
 now to other topics . 
 hopefully you 're doing well today . 
 my mom taught me over the last weekend how to make this great wassail . 
 it 's non-alcoholic since no one in my family drinks alcohol so i brought some to school today and you can try some at lunch if you want . 
 i do n't know if you 're allergic to any foods so maybe you should know that it does n't contain any strawberries or nuts or bee stingers in it -lrb- since some people are allergic to bee stings -rrb- . 
 of course i 've never heard of people cooking with bee stingers or bee venom or bee anything -- except for honey . 
 that i 've heard of : honey . 
 but it does n't have any of that in it either . 
 -lrb- i 'm just trying to cover all of my bases here about allergies . -rrb- 
 i mention the fact that it 's non-alcoholic since i think most people make wassail with alcohol in it like rum or something . 
 so anyway , no worries about us getting kicked out of school for drinking alcohol at lunchtime . 
 and no getting kicked out of school for being mormon non-alcohol drinkers either since neither of us are mormon . 
 -lrb- at least i do n't think you are . 
 wait ... are you a mormon ? -rrb- 
 okay , so in light of that possible gaffe , i have no hard feelings against mormons . 
 in fact , maybe that was an inappropriate joke since they got abused and kicked out of like three different states back in the 1800 's before finally settling in utah . 
 they openly claimed a belief in the literal , physical resurrection of jesus christ -lrb- and still do -rrb- , basically saying that the christ that died lives again as one who is now immortal and that god the father speaks to us today and so they got harassed and attacked and driven from place to place . 
 there was even an extermination order taken out against them right here in a land where freedom of religion is supposed to be our most treasured heritage and at the heart of the very roots of the individual liberties we all cherish today . 
 lots of them were murdered back then . 
 i guess that 's a little like the jews , being murdered for their religious beliefs . 
 that 's messed up , huh ? 
 at least i think it is . 
 it 's just wrong . 
 thank goodness people are a lot nicer to mormons and jews today . 
 did you know that `` mormon '' is actually just a nickname ? 
 mormon 's are actually members of `` the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints . '' 
 that 's a long name for a church , huh ? 
 but at least they 're christ-centered . 
 just look at the name of the church . 
 it 's a good christian name . 
 they 're also called latter-day saints or lds for short . 
 the people that are nice to latter-day saints today and do n't mock them or spread lies and rumors about them are those that actually go and talk to someone that 's lds that loves going to the lds church . 
 they get the truth about their beliefs and practices by going directly to a current member instead of from someone that 's only interested in spreading unconfirmed information -lrb- misunderstandings or lies -rrb- . 
 and usually they find lds people are pretty nice and even cool . 
 you know the first christians after christ 's death , resurrection and subsequent ascension were persecuted and murdered too . 
 the first christians were also quickly slandered by being labeled as a cult . 
 it 's christmas time so this is certainly an appropriate subject . 
 so i apologize for making that joke about getting kicked out of the lunch room for being a non-alcohol drinker or mormon . 
 actually , my uncle and his family are mormons -lrb- members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints -rrb- and they are really good people . 
 they donate a lot to charity and they 're about the happiest family we 've ever known . 
 they 're good christians , they 're not a cult and i 'd like to believe they would forgive my gaffe about getting kicked out of the lunchroom . 
 it 's actually because of the good example of his family , since they do n't drink alcohol or smoke , that caused my parents to stop drinking also . 
 but neither of them has ever smoked . 
 ultimately i like what romans 10:12 says . 
 it basically says that there 's only one god and so in god 's eyes there 's no difference between either the jews or the gentiles since `` the same lord over all ... is rich unto all that call upon him . '' 
 did you ever tell me what religion your family is ? 
 if you did then i forgot -lrb- but i 'm pretty sure you did n't or else i would have remembered . -rrb- 
 i know you 're christians but that 's all i know -- if i 've got that right . 
 i 'll be the first to admit that i do n't know as much about various religions or the subject of being more spiritual as much as i would like . 
 before my uncle discovered the lds faith , he told me that he prayed a certain prayer one day that changed his life . 
 he said that he was concerned about not being able to get all of his questions about life and god through the bible alone . 
 he could n't get the answers he needed from various pastors or ministers of other churches either . 
 so he made a sincere promise to god in his prayer . 
 he told god that he believes the bible is the word of god and that if god would send him two witnesses , just as the bible outlines , to teach him the answers to life and the answers about god that he was seeking , and that if god would help him to recognize when the right witnesses have come into his life , that he would not shut the door on the answer to his prayer but he would listen to god 's message and do what was right to do with it . 
 god answered his prayer and my uncle kept his promise . 
 come to think of it , i should probably pray for the same thing sometime soon . 
 i bet if i 'm sincere like he was , hopefully i 'll get big blessings of answers like he did . 
 i will say this : something my uncle said about god that i 'll never forget . 
 he said , `` so many good people have so many things wrong about god and they would be so much happier if they knew the truths god himself has given all of us for these modern times . '' 
 my uncle reads the bible every day . 
 he knows the bible better than anyone i know and so i believe him . 
 he 's a good man . 
 believe it or not , i wonder sometimes what your parents are like . 
 i wonder what they look like and who has your eyes and your nose and your smile . 
 i wonder if you look more like your dad or your mom . 
 i wonder about these things because i 'd like to know who should get the greater portion of blame for causing so many people to find you attractive . 
 oh , i 've never told you before that you 're attractive ? 
 newsflash : you 're really attractive and i 'm confident that i ca n't be the only one that agrees about that fact . 
 but do n't freak out thinking i 'm trying to come onto you in this letter here because i 'm not . 
 you 'll know when i 'm coming onto you because it might bear a strong resemblance to my coming up to you , running my fingers through your hair and saying , `` oh ... i see the woman on the latest magazine cover is following your fashion lead by having the same hairstyle and clothing as you . 
 do n't you think it 's about time you started returning the calls of every fashion magazine on planet earth so they can finally put your gorgeous face on the cover of their magazines ? '' 
 i 'll make sure to use really flirtatious tones while i 'm saying it too . 
 wow ! 
 long letters ! 
 i 'm breaking records here so looks like i should stop now so it does n't take the entire christmas break for you to read it and reply . 
 have a great day ! 
 see you later ! 
 me december 19 you : thank you so much for that incredibly delicious `` mango delight '' fruit cake . 
 i normally hate fruit cake but the one you gave me tasted absolutely fantastic ! 
 thank you again ! 
 if you made it i 'd actually like the recipe . 
 if you bought it , please tell me where so i can buy some more next year -lrb- if not sooner -rrb- . 
 so guess what i 'm looking at ? 
 amazingly there 's this card and a beautifully wrapped gift with your name on it and it 's sitting right in front of me . 
 i wonder how it got here ... hmmm ... well , since this particular gift should be in front of you instead of me , looks like you should expect a gift coming to a hallway near you soon . 
 actually , i 'm hoping to get this to you in between classes before third period . 
 and , of course , this note will be tagging along with the card and gift . 
 wow ! 
 christmas break is almost here . 
 i 'm going to miss you like crazy over the break . 
 i may just have to use a traditional phone to call you if i can reach you before you go out of town with your family . 
 or maybe you could just squeeze me into your suitcase . 
 but do n't worry if it 's too heavy because i 'll just get out and help you carry it . 
 -lrb- okay ... wait ... that last line did n't quite make sense . -rrb- 
 since it 's not very likely you 'll be fitting me into your suitcase anytime soon , how about we make a list of things to do together over the break even though we 're apart ? 
 for example , if either of us winds up at a shopping mall over the break -lrb- and the chances of that occurring for both of us are almost guaranteed since at least one of us will have a relative that needs to do more shopping before christmas is actually here -rrb- then we could go to a high end perfume and cologne counter and check out some new fragrances to see if any new ones especially perk up our olfactory senses . 
 then we can come back in january and share which labels we like the most . 
 or if either of us sees a photo with santa opportunity we can do the cheesy thing and actually get our picture taken with santa and then bring it back to show one another after the break . 
 and maybe whenever we 're out shopping , we can keep our eyes out for the most expensive christmas gift we actually come across during our shopping and we can take a picture of the item and note the actual price of it . 
 whoever returns after the break with a picture of the most expensive gift has to treat the other person to a dozen homemade cookies and lunch here at school . 
 so do we have a deal ? 
 i say game on , baby ! 
 bring it !! 
 well , i do sincerely hope you have a great christmas break and that you really like what i got you for christmas . 
 -lrb- i would tell you santa brought these for you but i 'm pretty sure you 're too old to believe in that stuff anymore . -rrb- 
 i say these things because i really do want you to be happy and enjoy your christmas holiday ... and also because i know you better be ready with some great cookies for me during the first week of school next year because i 'm gon na win ! 
 woooooweee ! 
 yeah ! 
 see you soon ! 
 merry christmas and happy new year ! 
 me chapter 5 : the january chapter january 6 you : you told me in the hall just now that you had a great new year 's day and then you flashed me a picture of a picture proving that you won . 
 what the heck is up with that ? 
 i had a picture of one of the most expensive sports cars in the world and you smoke me with a picture of a picture . 
 who in their right mind gives as a gift a million dollar picasso ? 
 nobody does that ! 
 that 's not a gift ! 
 that 's an investment . 
 i ca n't believe you won . 
 that 's so ... it 's so ... well , it 's just rude ! 
 -lrb- and i 'm not a sore loser . 
 i 'm a poor loser . 
 there 's a difference and your picture proves it . 
 you should pity me . 
 even if my dad earns more than yours , i 'm the one that has to cough up the cookies ... wait ... that was a bad choice of words . -rrb- 
 smoked by a picture of a picture . 
 unbelievable ! 
 well , i ca n't speak for you but i 'm ready to talk about something else . 
 and , no , i 'm going to skip right over the fact that i 'm the only one of the two of us that actually had their picture taken with santa . 
 i made a complete fool of myself while you did n't participate in the clearly optional choice of having your picture taken with santa . 
 and , by the way , i find it very difficult to believe that for an entire two weeks you never came across a single santa claus while you were out shopping with your family . 
 of course , i also realize that you never actually denied that you ever saw an unidentified santa object in the mall . 
 i just feel like being overly dramatic for whatever reason with all of this . 
 at least you checked out some perfume and cologne and i did too . 
 in fact , that was one of my favorite things to do over the break . 
 and if you hear that s.b. was also at the mall when i was , in fact , at the same perfume counter as i was , yes , it 's true that she took some cologne and splashed it on me and proceeded to `` sample '' it on my neck . 
 but just know that i took no real pleasure in that experience . 
 it 's actually kind of hard to enjoy when your parents walk up to you interrupting a flirtatious female that 's sniffing your neck while she 's saying loud enough for pretty much anyone near to hear , `` anytime you want ... i can make you happy . 
 there 's nothing i wo n't do . '' 
 -lrb- as i recall , her moves were interrupted by my father 's incredibly loud `` excuse me ! 
 but who the hell are you and what are you doing to my son ?! '' 
 i 'm chuckling now recalling it because you should 've seen my dad 's face . 
 you would 've thought she was giving me leprosy or something . 
 it was classic ! -rrb- 
 but despite what should have been a rather embarrassing moment for her with me in the mall , i 'm confident that that experience wo n't stop her from doing her usual stop by to run her fingers through my hair sometime today in the hall . 
 she 's apparently incorrigible in her flirtatious ways . 
 so word to the wise , if you hear any rumors about she and i from over the break , they 're just rumors and nothing more . 
 there 's nothing between us . 
 there never has been and there never will be . 
 she 's not exactly my type . 
 in fact , just before the christmas break , some guys in the locker room after gym class were teasing me that i 'm past due for losing my virginity and that they had the `` perfect '' candidate to aid me in that `` lust worthy '' endeavor . 
 you could take a guess at who they chose for me but i 'll just spare you the suspense and tell you they were recommending s.b. . 
 so i asked them . 
 i said , `` okay ... so what if i follow your fool 's plan ? 
 what next ? 
 where will it lead ? '' 
 and of course they said `` nirvana , man ! '' 
 and they all laughed and i could n't stop myself from saying boldly , `` you guys are so uncool ! 
 you actually want me to go get some s.t.i. or some buffet of s.t.i.s and then what ? 
 who 's going to pay for my doctor 's bills to solve the problems that come with it ? 
 who ? 
 you j.t. ? 
 or you c.j. ? 
 who 's going to compensate me for any sick days i have to take away from work in my future career that costs me money -- maybe even my job -- ten or twenty years from now after i have sex with her ? 
 you d.b. ? 
 are you going to pay for what happens to me if i follow your fool , peer pressure advice ? 
 no ! 
 i will have to pay for it and none of you guys will even be around when my suffering starts -- likely beginning in just a matter of days from doing it . 
 and i have n't even mentioned the potential loss of my soul for doing it before marriage , in case any here believe in god ... and , by the way , i do . 
 and what about her ? 
 what about her soul and salvation ? 
 what about her future ? 
 are you even thinking about what happens if one of you idiots pushes some guy to have sex with her , to use her and then what happens if she gets pregnant ? 
 huh ? 
 what happens ? 
 are one of you guys going to be around to help her deal with the consequences of your participation since you pushed someone to do that to her ? 
 are any of you going to pay for her child care or babysitters or rent for her house if she chooses to keep the child of your peer pressure stupidity ? 
 no . 
 you 'll all flee like cowards and say she deserves it when in fact , you guys deserve to be charged with participation in a crime . 
 what crime ? 
 the crime of perpetuating potentially fatal sexually transmitted infections and perpetuating the poverty cycle here in america because over 90 % of teen girls that get pregnant and choose to keep their babies will end up living their entire lives in poverty -- broke , poor , hungry and vulnerable to a whole variety of crimes you and i may never have to worry about because we 're guys and we 're probably going to earn more money since we probably wo n't ever have any children until after we 've graduated from college and have a good job . 
 `` some of you know what happens when a guy gets a girl drunk and she gets pregnant . 
 she can become an alcoholic and lose custody of her children when the government comes and takes her children away from her and puts them in foster care since she 's an addict and the father of her kids was irresponsible and selfish by abandoning her financially and emotionally years before so if she ca n't care for her kids then total strangers have to . 
 what kind of strangers ? 
 child molesters that trick organizations into hiring them to `` care '' for kids . 
 or deceptive step-dads . 
 guys that want to marry the mother of your kids - not because he loves her but because he wants easy access to one or more of her kids to molest . 
 but his smiles and charms fool her into marrying him . 
 `` as long as he can get alone with her kids away from her then he can do what he wants with them sexually . 
 maybe she 's a deep sleeper at night or he makes sure she sleeps deeply or he `` works '' from home while she works away from home during the day then he can fulfill his dark desires while she just believes he 's some great guy for marrying her and putting a so-called end to the problems of her being a single mom . 
 but he 'll never admit what he 's up to and he 's probably threatened her kids with some evil to keep them quiet . 
 now if any of you have already been victims of this , why would you want it to happen to someone else ? 
 statistics show that nearly 99 % of all child molesters are male . 
 why would you want to perpetuate that cycle ? 
 `` as long as there 's not enough money earned for her family then she has to be away from home . 
 if the mother , - the safest , most trustworthy adult for her kids to be with - must be away from home then her kids have to be sent to daycare or some other place where her children are at risk for various kinds of abuse and certainly suffer emotionally from having to be away from the kind of emotional security that only being at home with mom brings . 
 `` i believe we will all one day be held accountable before god for every one of our choices . 
 do n't you think for one minute he 's not going to punish those that freely choose to cause others to suffer . 
 there must be consequences for our choices . 
 good consequences or rewards for good choices and negative consequences for our bad choices . 
 `` what will you do if you get a girl pregnant and then abandon her and she wants to keep her kids rather than putting them up for adoption to a family where they earn enough for the mother to give them the best care ? 
 how will you answer the question your kids are bound to ask you after this life , questions like : ` why did you make me stay with those strange men at that daycare or in foster care ? 
 do n't you know what they did to me ? 
 i could n't defend myself because they were so much stronger and bigger than me . 
 i could get in trouble for disobeying an adult . 
 why did you leave me to go through such suffering ? 
 why would you leave mom possibly no other choice but to leave me with strangers to be abused by the same guy -lrb- s -rrb- for over four years ? 
 no one should ever get gonorrhea of the throat - especially not a six - year - old or even a teen . ' 
 `` do any of you ever think about the consequences of your actions upon others before you act ? 
 i can tell that the answer to that is ` no ' and that it 's about time that you started ! '' 
 i threw down my towel and walked out . 
 i was so disgusted and ticked . 
 i 've got a pitcher of ice water that cares more about my happiness and health and the welfare of others more than they do . 
 some guys are so stupid to think that they supposedly have to have sex just to prove something to other guys -- like `` you must be gay if you 're a still a virgin '' or `` you 're not a real man if you have n't had sex yet . '' 
 they do n't even realize that what they 're really saying is that only guys with s.t.i.s and abandoned ex-girlfriends who have given birth to their equally abandoned children are `` real men . '' 
 what a screwed up definition of what it means to be a man . 
 that 's not what a `` real '' man is . 
 do n't any of these guys have decent god-loving fathers to show them that being a man means taking responsibility and being caring enough not to put others into difficult positions to begin with ? 
 and i 'd say that teen pregnancy and s.t.i.s are difficult positions to be in in life when you 've made wrong choices . 
 one guy said a girl he was pushing for sex finally told him she was not on birth control . 
 he dumped her after that . 
 i say good for her . 
 she did n't want to have sex with him . 
 the fact that she did n't have the physical problems that come from taking birth control nor the financial hassle of it all says to me that she made a good choice . 
 it does n't make sense for a girl to take birth control when you 're committed to not having sex before marriage . 
 she gets to avoid so many problems with her wisdom . 
 that was cool for me to hear . 
 well , i suppose that 's enough lecturing about what you already know regarding the clear deficit in the intelligence points of average male teens -- hopefully with the exception of yours truly here . 
 so anyhoo ... i guess you 've never seen that side of me . 
 i 'm fairly protective of women and i believe they deserve more respect than they get from guys -lrb- and even sometimes from one another -rrb- . 
 but since that tendency to stand for what 's right regarding peer pressure and sex is a trait that i feel is good to have , do n't expect me to change or leave it anytime soon because that 's just who i am . 
 take me or leave me but on that subject i wo n't be changing hopefully ever -lrb- unless it 's somehow for the better -rrb- . 
 it 's a good thing you do n't spend much time in male locker rooms . 
 you 'd probably throw up to know just how perverted some guys can be about the subject of sex . 
 you half-joked about wanting to visit an empty male restroom to get dirt samples , but if you ever want to enter a male locker room -- even an empty one -- i highly recommend that you wear a bio-hazard suit to protect you from ... a lot of scary stuff . 
 -lrb- i 'm only half-joking about that . -rrb- 
 well , i 'm glad you seemed to have enjoyed your christmas holiday . 
 and overall , even though i really missed you , my christmas break was great ! 
 have a great day ! 
 later ! 
 me p.s. i guess there 's no avoiding the inevitable question : what kind of homemade cookies do you want ? 
 -lsb- 6th anonymous note put in your locker . -rsb- 
 january 14 you looked at me in the hall recently and it 's almost as if you knew who i really am . 
 you looked , it seemed , for a long time . 
 or maybe you were actually looking at someone else . 
 whatever was happening at that moment you had me absolutely paralyzed in a delirious high for a few moments that seemed to last an eternity . 
 you could have walked right up to me and asked me flat out , `` is it you ? '' 
 and i would n't have been able to stop myself from confessing everything . 
 i would have said , `` yes . 
 i 'm the one that 's leaving you love letters in your locker . 
 yes . 
 i am your secret admirer . '' 
 but that 's not what happened . 
 and thank goodness too because shortly after i would have confessed would have been about the time i would have subsequently passed out from a sudden heart attack of utter happiness to be so close to you and have you know the truth with the hope -- even if it 's a slim hope -- that you would want me as much as i want you . 
 maybe it would be a good idea for you to bring emt paddles for cpr with you everywhere you go in case you ever do approach me and ask me the question i 'm too afraid to answer today and nearly every day . 
 but until then , i remain in the hidden prison of my heart often dreaming of you . 
 love , your secret admirer ... roaring out power greater than a stormy ocean out of control ... -lsb- 7th anonymous note put in your locker . -rsb- 
 january 21 title : `` no place better '' there is no place better to be than here with you it brings a feeling better than christmas i 've seen some of the most extravagant places around the world i 've seen some of the most spectacular views but there 's no better view than seeing you it 's better than the finest art any great artist could make there is no place better to be than here with you it brings a feeling better than the best birthday i 've heard some of the finest music the world has ever known i 've tasted some of the finest drinks from the purest vines but there 's no better sound than your voice in my ears and i bet that the taste of your kiss is better than anything else on earth there is no place better to be than here with you it brings a feeling better than the greatest roller coaster high i 've read some of the most renowned books by the best scholars i 've learned some of the most advanced lessons from the finest minds but second only to god himself there 's no better source of inspiration than you you inspire me to be better than i 've ever been and better than i am now there is no place better to be than here with you you send me to the highest heights you place me on top of the world you 're better than any drug the doctor could order you bring a feeling that lights up the room you bring a feeling that makes the night come alive you bring a feeling that it 's just me and you in this heavenly place here on earth you bring it you bring it there is no place better to be than here with you here in heaven right here on earth bring it . 
 love , your secret admirer january 28 you : looks like it 's been awhile since i 've gotten you another amazingly boring note . 
 classes and homework have taken over much of my life lately . 
 but never fear ! 
 another note is here ! 
 so how are you ? 
 are you happy ? 
 are you sad ? 
 are you glad when i 'm not making you mad ? 
 -lrb- yeah , that last one was a trick question . 
 kind of like the trick question in the pop quiz of my last class . 
 aaargh ! -rrb- 
 well , you certainly seem to be in especially good spirits these days . 
 i think your out-of-the-blue hug for me kind of gave it away that you 're happy over something . 
 perhaps you could clue me in on the good news of your life . 
 did you win the lottery and so now you 're going to buy me a car -- one that just happens to bear a strong resemblance to the one in my christmas contest picture ? 
 or are you going to buy me a bunch of mango delight fruit cake ? 
 or are you thinking of pranking me by buying that picture that i still think is n't a gift but is really an investment ? 
 -lrb- well , okay ... if you insist ! -rrb- 
 or is it something else ? 
 i would n't think straight a 's would get you too excited since i think you get those already in your sleep so it must be something else . 
 let 's see ... is it ... a new pair of wrestling shoes ? 
 no . 
 that could n't be it because you do n't wrestle . 
 silly me . 
 maybe it 's professional tennis lessons ! 
 you love to watch pro tennis . 
 maybe that 's it ? 
 no . 
 that 's probably not it . 
 oh , wait ... i love pro tennis . 
 not you . 
 -lrb- note to self : she 's not the pro tennis lover . 
 you are . -rrb- 
 oh ! 
 i 've got it ! 
 you 're buying me pro tennis lessons ! 
 yes ! 
 yes ! 
 no . 
 okay . 
 i 'll try again . 
 oooooh ... yeah ... maybe it 's something like ... you 're in love ? 
 if that 's it then you must tell me ! 
 wait ... what if it 's a guy that 's no good for you ? 
 what if he 's some jerk that i know from gym class ? 
 what if he 's a total stranger that you met online that 's a total liar that 's one of those psycho killers that stalks and targets girls over the internet and he just has n't been caught yet ? 
 stay away from guys online that approach you claiming they 're in love with you ! 
 warning ! 
 stranger danger ! 
 -lrb- i 'm completely serious about that . 
 do n't even think about it . -rrb- 
 or what if it 's a guy that i know ? 
 one of my good friends ? 
 someone good enough to deserve you ? 
 maybe i do n't want to know after all . 
 but do n't let that stop you from hugging me . 
 i still want the hugs ! 
 -lrb- i think . -rrb- 
 later ! 
 me chapter 6 : the february chapter february 5 you : i have to say that it 's so cool that you love to read . 
 that must be why you 're so smart . 
 and when you told me recently that you believe in hearing the truth , even when the truth may be unpleasant , i was so impressed . 
 you made a good point that all truths are not of the same worth and they are n't always pleasant . 
 but when something sounds negative yet can be still be vital to learn , such as a warning for overall happiness , that got me thinking . 
 it 's so cool that you make me think more deeply than i sometimes do . 
 okay . 
 you still have n't answered my question about why you 've been in an especially good mood lately . 
 this keeps my curiosity intact . 
 it does n't seem to be over any lottery winnings since you 're not a gambler . 
 -lrb- and , of course , the fact that you 're not driving a new car and you have n't given me -- your bestest , bestest most favorite and coolest guyfriend ever -- a new car or tennis lessons or a painting that 's actually an investment -- these are all clues that you have n't recently come into a large windfall of money . -rrb- 
 it does n't seem to be over any straight a 's since i learned you got a `` b + '' in science . 
 -lrb- do n't worry . 
 i still love you just as you are . -rrb- 
 you have n't bought me a year 's supply of mango delight fruit cake so that must not be why you 're so glad these days . 
 so i must deduce that it 's about ... it 's about ... -lrb- i can hardly write the words -rrb- ... it must be about a guy . 
 -lrb- oh ! 
 daggers ! 
 daggers to my heart ! 
 daggers ! -rrb- 
 so if it is and if you insist on not telling me about him then i must share with you my all-knowing , all-wise expertness on the subject of men so as to do my friendly duty to protect you from possible jerks disguised as great guys that smile a lot . 
 ladies need to know some rules guys use to trick girls into getting into a lot of trouble with them . 
 learn these largely unrevealed `` guys only '' rules and ladies such as yourself may prevent some serious heartache and pain . 
 let me tell you now , i am so sorry if any of this is hard to hear but you said you know not all truths are pleasant and knowing some tough facts in advance are what 's often needed to know how to recognize danger and trouble specifically to prevent or avoid it . 
 jerk rule # 1 : jerks encourage guys to bring alcohol to get her drunk or get a girl to drink a drink that the jerk guy makes for her or that he can tamper with when she 's not looking . 
 jerk 's goal : jerks want to get her drunk enough so that she 's not strong enough or clear thinking enough or physically able to fight him off when the jerk starts to date rape her -lrb- meaning the guy forces her to have sex with him because she 's too drunk to say no or to resist -rrb- . 
 if he can tamper with her drink by slipping in a date rape drug when she 's not looking -lrb- it 's an odorless and tasteless drug -rrb- then she 'll pass out and he and as many of his friends as they want can use her for sex for at least an hour or more and she 'll be passed out the whole time so she ca n't say no . 
 the drug can even mess with her memory so she does n't remember enough details to accurately identify the guy -lrb- s -rrb- that raped her . 
 he could also use your drunken state to take pornographic pictures of you to sext to others or to post up on the internet . 
 he could even make a video of it and blackmail you saying that if you do n't agree to keep having sex with him for the next several weeks or months or if you do n't let his friends have sex with you also -lrb- even if he threatens gang rape -rrb- then he 'll post the video or pictures of you nude or having sex with him online and he 'll claim you 're a slut . 
 legal guesses : this is non-consensual sex which is basically rape and i 'm guessing it 's most likely illegal . 
 i heard somewhere it is finally possible to prosecute a guy for sex with a girl that was intoxicated precisely because she could n't consent -lrb- agree or think clearly enough to agree to sex with the guy -rrb- while she was under the influence . 
 finally attorneys and judges are using more common sense to get better justice for victims of rape . 
 dirty criminal defense lawyers -lrb- attorneys that defend guys that are accused of or are guilty of rape -rrb- will still try to point out that she -lrb- the victim -rrb- drinks alcohol so she must have been too drunk to recall what really happened or too drunk to be able to accurately identify the guy that actually did it . 
 or they 'll say because she drinks alcohol she probably has sex with lots of guys and in this case she simply changed her mind afterwards and claimed it was rape when initially it was consensual . 
 or she 's an angry female that just wants revenge because he is dating some other girl so it must not have been rape because she drinks alcohol or does drugs so no one should believe her when she 's really just jealous that he is dating someone else . 
 too often cases where the female was intoxicated are cases that are difficult to prosecute -lrb- meaning that too often guys do n't get in trouble for it . -rrb- 
 health issues : in addition to this guy giving you one or more s.t.i.s he can get you pregnant and abandon you afterwards . 
 if he 's too `` big '' -lrb- especially if he ... for lack of a less graphic choice of words ... `` abuses '' your rectum -rrb- or if he agrees to let his friends rape you also then you can suffer a lot of physical damage where you would need special medical care to help you heal and you 'll likely be in a lot of pain for possibly days at a time after . 
 overall , rape is a terrible , terrible , selfish crime . 
 with just a few of the risks mentioned above that are possible to suffer , any female that is thinking clearly will never think it 's worth it to try sex before marriage -- especially drunken or intoxicated sex -- not even once . 
 if she 's smart , rational , or thinking reasonably she 'll say no and be so much happier for it as she wisely avoids so many different risks of dangers , sorrows and suffering like the ones written above . 
 lessons to be learned : you 'll lose in more ways than one if you agree to spend time alone with a guy that you choose to drink beer with or some other alcoholic beverage with . 
 you 'll also lose in many ways if you do drugs with a guy . 
 overall , if you are intoxicated in any way at anytime because you choose to try alcohol or drugs then at anytime in the future any lawyer can ask you if you 've ever drank alcohol or done drugs and if they can prove that you have then they can destroy your credibility which means they can give the judge and jury enough justification to make people believe your word is not reliable because when you ca n't think clearly then you ca n't identify a person accurately or the truth about a situation or event accurately because you chose of your own free will to have your mental capacities impaired so therefore you are not a trustworthy person for any testimony or as a witness in court . 
 and before i end this note of warning there are two more quick lessons : 1 -rrb- when you are drunk or on drugs , if he leaves you alone some place for any amount of time for any reason then you will be vulnerable to a total stranger kidnapping you and using you as a permanent sex slave for years and years or even murdering you . 
 so if a guy ever wants to get you drunk or high , no matter how young or old you may be , he is not looking out for your safety or happiness . 
 and besides , just how safe are you anyway with a drunk date if a sober criminal comes along and beats up your weak -lrb- drunk -rrb- date to kidnap you anyway ? 
 2 -rrb- if a jerk does n't try to get you intoxicated then he 'll try and show you some porn to convince you that normal or cool women have sex with guys without being married to him first . 
 but most porn is a lie because every girl and nearly all women that are used in porn magazines and videos are often forced into it either by being kidnapped first or intoxication that results in kidnapping that results in these women being used as sex slaves -lrb- sometimes called `` prostitutes '' -rrb- for years and years and their family members often have trouble finding these missing females . 
 it 's truly horrible . 
 and those few women that choose to sign contracts to be paid and used for sex videos often get tricked into signing vague agreements where the movie producer can change the rules whenever he wants so if he tells her to show up to film a sex scene with one guy he can change his mind and have her show up unprepared to be brutally abused and gang raped instead as a means of male entertainment for a different movie or video instead . 
 nearly all rape scenes in movies -- even r-rated movies -- are not fake . 
 and do n't expect anyone to ask her how she feels about it afterwards because , after all , she signed up for it . 
 -lrb- people in the sex trade are basically sociopathic . 
 they do n't care about anyone 's welfare or satisfaction . 
 they only care about their own selfish wants and financial greed to profit off of her pain and suffering . -rrb- 
 jerk rule # 2 : jerks will tell a girl anything and everything she wants to hear in order to convince her to have sex with him -- the kind of sex that the guy wants when he wants it . 
 jerks do n't really care about what she wants . 
 jerks think that girls will believe anything -- especially if he tells her `` i love you . '' 
 once she 's given him the sex he wants , when he gets tired of her he just dumps her and does the same thing all over again to get a different girl to have sex with him until he gets tired of her too . 
 most guys want sex with a variety of different women . 
 lots of us believe the lie that sex with just one woman is boring . 
 -lrb- the lie basically is there to convince guys that marriage is boring . 
 but i believe that 's got to be a lie since the happiest guys i know have been married to the same woman for decades and decades . -rrb- 
 jerk 's goal : since godless guys -lrb- those that actually hate righteousness even though they may verbally deny such -rrb- love the idea of having pre-marital sex -- especially really perverted or `` experimental '' sex -- with a whole bunch of different girls instead of the same girl , this trick is common with most guys . 
 the idea is that he will smooth talk a girl to make her believe she 'll enjoy sex with him . 
 but the fact that most guys either do n't talk about the truth of what a woman really enjoys in sex -lrb- or are just too selfish to think about what she actually likes as opposed to the lies the porn industry spreads about what a woman likes -rrb- is the fact that most often , guys do n't care about a young woman 's comfort or pleasure nearly as much as they think of their own . 
 so most young ladies have the same complaint after sex with a guy : that it really hurt her physically -lrb- some girls actually cry but he wo n't stop -- even if she is bleeding -rrb- or that it was n't as exciting or fun as she thought it would be . 
 this is because guys just want to satisfy themselves first and foremost and they do n't want to believe the fact that females are satisfied sexually in ways that are much more different than guys realize . 
 or , to be frank , putting something in any female 's orifices just is n't as pleasant for females as guys want to believe . 
 plus men often want to try a bunch of different sexual positions that do n't involve having the woman lying on her back on a comfortable bed -lrb- the most physically comfortable and satisfying position for most women -rrb- which also proves that most of the sex men want is focused on satisfying men since men can enjoy sex in far many more different positions than a woman can . 
 men also think sex is mutually fulfilling when it 's fast and only lasts a few minutes even though women often enjoy it much more when it 's slow and lasts for much longer than men plan on -lrb- since women can enjoy it for literally over an hour or longer when a man is focused just on her instead of on himself -rrb- . 
 women may speak the truth about these matters but guys feel insulted when what women say actually turns out to be true . 
 most of the lies about sex that us guys believe are lies started by the porn industry and perpetuated by selfish guys that make up fake stories about their own sexual experience with a woman or what they heard about from someone else . 
 and , sadly , some females that were sexually abused as children often perpetuate sexual myths more as a means to satisfy the guy -lrb- s -rrb- they date or are married to that abuse them as adults -lrb- although these women have been taught to believe that it 's not abuse even though it really is -rrb- . 
 and where do us guys get these terrible and selfish ideas from that ultimately hurt girls and women ? 
 movies , music , porn , television , the internet , social networking , magazines , plenty of adults that set a bad example , terrible dads or too many bad older brothers or guys from school or friends from school -lrb- if not their dads -rrb- or most often a combination of it all . 
 legal guesses : although it 's ethically wrong for a guy to lie to a woman to get her to believe he really loves her so she 'll have sex with him , i 'm pretty sure it 's not illegal to lie to someone about whether or not you really love them . 
 health issues : the same health concerns from jerk rule # 1 apply here so the next couple of sentences are reminders because it 's important . 
 in addition to this guy giving you one or more lifelong s.t.i.s he can get you pregnant and abandon you afterwards . 
 if he 's too `` big '' -lrb- especially if he ... for lack of a less graphic choice of words ... `` abuses '' your rectum -rrb- or if he tricks you into meeting him alone someplace he can rape you even if you are n't drunk or in a worse case scenario he may have a friend that rapes you with him . 
 but even if it 's `` consensual '' sex , most young women are `` small '' which means you can suffer a lot of physical damage where you would need special medical care to help you heal and you 'll likely be in a lot of pain for possibly many days afterwards . 
 basically everything about marriage to a good woman is to help teach a man to have consideration for others ; to teach us guys to be sympathetic to the feelings , sufferings , needs and concerns of others . 
 these lessons are often not taught by men to other men . 
 it takes a good woman to do it and to do it effectively so that we actually care and become more selfless in service to others . 
 if us guys ca n't learn to restrain ourselves well sexually before marriage then we 'll be terrible at restraining ourselves during marriage when our wife is n't in the mood or does n't have time or good health for sex . 
 christ himself taught that the greatest among us will be a servant . 
 the principle being that selfless service is more god-like than masters that demand to be served . 
 overall , sex at a young age -- especially before marriage -- most often comes with a high emotional cost -lrb- damages -rrb- , social costs , physical costs and certainly spiritual costs that can leave you devastated when it 's not a pleasant experience . 
 -lrb- and heartache from lies and broken promises is never a pleasant experience . -rrb- 
 waiting until you 're married to have sex is the best way to enjoy it and avoid a ton of pain and heartache . 
 because most of us guys are generally selfish -lrb- not good -rrb- and most women are selfless -lrb- very good -rrb- , the strongest influence on a man is his wife and it 's the good influence of women that teaches us men how to be better at doing good such as being more selfless like you . 
 when we focus more on satisfying a woman the right way in relationships and marriage -lrb- emotionally , spiritually , physically , sexually etc -rrb- then she 'll be happier because we men are becoming less self-absorbed and most men i know prefer to have a truly happy wife . 
 lessons to be learned : you can never trust what any person says unless their behavior matches what they say . 
 if a guy says that he loves you then if he really does love you then he will wait to have sex with you until after he marries you -lrb- `` waiting '' is a clear example of behavior -- good behavior -rrb- . 
 not touching a girl inappropriately is another example of respectful or good behavior . 
 otherwise , a guy will say anything to push you into having sex early in a relationship . 
 or realize he 's pushing both of you into trouble if he wo n't say much but his hands just start wandering to touch you sexually on places on your body that he should not or start removing your clothes so he can see your nakedness -lrb- inappropriately wandering hands is a clear example of behavior -- sexual behavior or , in my opinion , bad behavior when it 's with anyone other than one 's lawfully wedded spouse -rrb- . 
 and the ones that just want to push you for sex are the same ones that will want to be alone with you late at night and almost definitely past whatever your curfew is . 
 those are the guys that are jerks . 
 they often hide their jerk ways behind smiles and lots of promises they do n't plan on keeping . 
 the guys that are the most trustworthy are the well behaved ones . 
 how do you recognize the well behaved ones ? 
 they are the good guys that do n't joke about sex all of the time , they do n't show you porn or talk about sex or talk about porn or ask you too often about sexual questions . 
 they know that porn kills love . 
 well behaved or `` good guys '' do n't insult women or girls and they do n't crack sexual jokes that portray women or girls in a slutty or pornographic way . 
 they definitely do not hit women or use their greater male physical strength against women . 
 they applaud and protect the moral strengths of good women . 
 good guys do n't have a temper and they do n't get angry easily . 
 trustworthy or good guys do n't introduce you to sexual music and they do n't try to get you intoxicated . 
 most good guys do n't use a lot of foul language -- if any at all . 
 good guys actually talk more about good things , non-sexual things and yet they know sex is good when you 're married and only leads to heartache and pain when sex is experienced before marriage or with someone other than your lawfully wedded spouse . 
 good guys think highly of women and speak highly of women and are not offended by the fact that most females set a better example in moral and spiritual issues than guys do . 
 good guys also love their mothers and no matter how many times you ask him over the course of your friendship or dating about what he thinks of his mom , he 'll always say good things about her . 
 good guys take things slow when dating and are not always trying to get you alone . 
 good guys ultimately care more about how things may affect you more than what the guy might get from someone . 
 good guys care more about your happiness and well-being as their girlfriend or wife than their own . 
 good guys put your needs and comfort before their own . 
 good guys care very much about how their decision and other people 's choices affect you and your life . 
 good guys are much more considerate of other people than jerks are . 
 jerks are often selfish . 
 good guys are not so selfish . 
 good guys like to do what their girlfriend likes to do . 
 jerks do n't value tenderness but instead they mock it . 
 good guys value tenderness for the civility it provides families and society towards greater peace and happiness . 
 jerks often hate god but good guys -- especially the really good ones -- go to church every sunday . 
 church is the best place , second only to the home , where we learn to care more for others than we do for ourselves . 
 god teaches us to love and serve one another and moms often teach the same lessons to their children -lrb- especially in the way us boys need most : by lots and lots and lots of repeat lessons -rrb- . 
 jerks do n't want to love and serve others . 
 jerks want others to serve them . 
 good guys are cool guys . 
 jerks may have a reputation for being cool but it 's a lie . 
 jerks are basically bullies and bullies are never cool . 
 when husbands treat their wives gently then these same men become more civilized . 
 when guys are not properly trained at very early ages with lots and lots and lots of repetitive lessons , or when guys are not properly motivated to treat women with the proper respect and tenderness , then civility in society comes to an end . 
 jerk rule # 3 : when all else fails when a jerk tries to get a girl alone to use her or abuse her for sex , jerks often go back to the jerk 's rules 1 & 2 . 
 ultimately , when it comes to the subject of dating , love and family , one thing i know for sure : being open to the influence of a good woman -- even being open to the average woman -lrb- especially if she 's a mother -rrb- -- will almost always make people better than they were before , but being open to the influence of the average man will almost always make people worse than they were before . 
 there is opposition in all things . 
 there 's good and there 's bad . 
 there 's warm and there 's cool . 
 there 's light and there 's dark . 
 there is woman and then there is man . 
 not all guys are bad but the ones that are and that refuse to change to be good long-term are the ones that you should avoid . 
 but do n't despair because we good guys do exist even though sadly some of us may either be ashamed to show we 're good guys or because we do n't stand out as much by drawing trouble and bad attention to us as often as jerks draw attention to themselves . 
 okay . 
 so this is definitely a record breaker for long notes from me . 
 but since i 'm writing this from home i can spare the time . 
 you 're an amazing young woman i feel privileged to have as a good friend . 
 you 're especially attractive for lots of reasons like the fact that you dress modestly , you do n't have tattoos or body piercing -lrb- neither do i -rrb- and you do n't cuss or insult people . 
 more than anything else those things make you much , much more attractive than the girls that have tats and body piercing and do n't dress modestly . 
 you even like alexopalstone.com and the patriotic site theblaze.com . 
 that is so cool ! 
 tons of people love theblaze.com -- probably because the tv and radio shows are both hilarious and educational and hosted by a guy and his friends that stand for truth and integrity in journalism which is almost completely gone from like 95 % of news today . 
 the guys on those shows make me laugh so hard sometimes ! 
 i love it ! 
 their shows are different than most news shows . 
 they do n't trash good guys like so many other news shows do . 
 there 's a song from the 1980s about how much of the news industry here in the u.s. prefers to talk about the dirty laundry or problems of other people but not to help them . 
 that 's what most news stations have been all about for the last fifty years or so . 
 news editors like to kick the good guys -lrb- and good women -rrb- when the good guys are down or when they are up by spreading lies about them . 
 but they rarely do the same with bad guys or bad women . 
 and the fact that you told me your parents have a subscription to the blaze tv makes me think guys -lrb- cool guys -rrb- will like you even more since any teen that watches the blaze tv is pretty cool . 
 -lrb- my parents have a subscription to it too so that our family has the truth about what 's up in washington . -rrb- 
 but i can also see how a guy would really like you since not only have you read the alexopalstone.com free chapters preview of the book by t.m. meek , but you like alex and the story so much that you actually even have a black and white checkered backpack like alex does . 
 you 're smart enough to see how adults that use the news and the internet to insult stuff like that are adults that do n't care about if kids grow up to become poor for the rest of their lives . 
 you 're also smart enough to see that if teens do n't learn what only alexopalstone.com teaches then teens like us are nearly guaranteed to be poor and victims of deceptive financial myths than had we learned the truth and became prosperous as adults . 
 i 've read the alexopalstone.com free chapters preview of the book by t.m. meek and i absolutely love it ! 
 so the guy that likes you i 'll bet likes alex opalstone a lot too . 
 if it turns out that you 're dating someone , be careful . 
 if any guy breaks your heart , i 'll be inclined to do much more harm to him than to kick him in the butt in front of a mirror . 
 have a great day ! 
 later ! 
 me -lsb- 8th anonymous note put in your locker . -rsb- 
 february 14 i wonder what you think of when you look out a window . 
 do you think of the worries of the day ? 
 do you think of a loved one far away ? 
 do you think of god ? 
 i was n't much of a praying guy before i met you . 
 now i pray for you . 
 i pray for your happiness , your safety , and your loved ones . 
 i thank god that he can do things for you that as an imperfect human i ca n't . 
 i thank god for you . 
 do you have dreams ? 
 aspirations ? 
 lofty ambitions ? 
 it would be an amazing privilege to help you achieve your heart 's desires . 
 do you hear the voices of the day that compare your weaknesses to someone else 's strengths ? 
 it would be a joy to point out for you that such comparison can thankfully be of little negative effect as you focus more on your strengths that were once weaknesses . 
 which do you like better ? 
 sunsets or sunrises ? 
 daylight or moonlight ? 
 summer or winter ? 
 autumn or spring ? 
 which will you believe ? 
 that you 're not thin enough ? 
 or that your body is so heavenly in physical appeal that you take a young man 's breath away ? 
 you take my breath away . 
 what 's one of your favorite things to do with your spare time ? 
 see what anyone spends the most time on and you 'll see what they truly treasure . 
 what would you do when a formerly exceptionally confident peer nominated teen heartthrob finds his tables suddenly turned and he 's at a loss for what to do when he finds he has a heart that will throb only for you ? 
 what is it like to be so attractive , so amazingly beautiful , that when you enter a room all eyes are on you in quiet admiration , sudden anticipation , and ultimate elation ? 
 what is it like to be so important that the earth turns simply because you 're on it ? 
 what is it like to be so influential for good that ensuring your birth happened at just the right time and just the right place in this world was so important in heaven that god made sure it would have the kind of timing that would maximize your chances for discovering your special purpose in life that would prove to give you the opportunity to fulfill your greatest potential ? 
 what is it like to be you ? 
 god knows . 
 and because he knows , he has perfect empathy and perfect solutions and perfect blessings just for you . 
 i would like to know what god knows so that i can be more empathetic for you too since i aim for perfect solutions to whatever problems may beset you as i have enjoyed and hope to continue to enjoy the privilege to know and see the perfect blessing that is you . 
 happy valentine 's day to the best and only valentine my heart sees . 
 love , your secret admirer ... only for it to switch places with the lamb awakening within my own ... -lsb- 9th anonymous note put in your locker . -rsb- 
 february 17 in case any guy ever pressures you for sex , see if he can pass what i 'm calling `` the stump test . '' 
 if you can stump him regarding any of the following information then he either may not be the guy for you or you may want to help him become educated about some important things before you entrust him with your greatest gifts : your chastity -lrb- including your heart -rrb- and your children that may come from the sexual experience . 
 there is alot to say about this so that you can have everything you need financially . 
 how do you have all that you need financially ? 
 by knowing what i 'm about to tell you , what many rich people know but do n't always share with others . 
 this will also help you to recognize which guys will literally make you poor or keep you poor versus those that will care for you in the right ways financially to help you always have the money you need if you marry and stay at home to raise your kids full-time . 
 you 'll need to know what it takes to have a husband that earns enough to pay for the needs of your family through an honorable career . 
 so what `` important things '' might you see if he can be stumped on -lrb- or be educated about if you really like him -rrb- ? 
 financial matters that are guaranteed to affect you if you give him what he 's pushing for -lrb- sex -rrb- . 
 if you 're looking to prove he 's not worth your time , then you 'll want to `` stump '' him -lrb- cause him to look dumb or thoughtless and self-absorbed about the subject of sex -rrb- by asking him questions that you know the answers to that he most likely does not . 
 but if you like him and he proves to not know enough then you can teach him what he needs to know so that if he decides to push you anyway into sex before either of you is truly ready to handle the possible consequences -lrb- which consequences are not always possible to control -rrb- then he either is a -rrb- incredibly selfish -lrb- which begs the question of why in the world would you have sex with him in the first place ? -rrb- 
 or b -rrb- incredibly considerate of your needs and ambitious to succeed in fulfilling your needs if he 's planning on making sure both of you have enough money during your married years to provide sufficiently for your family . 
 so here are some things to consider financially whenever a guy pressures you to have sex . 
 see if you can tell how much i care about you as you read this . 
 i write this because it 's important to me that you have all that you need financially when a guy wants to be with you romantically . 
 most families are n't prepared well enough for any major emergencies . 
 this means that most families in america do n't have a lot in savings . 
 and when people do n't have enough saved then that means that any major financial catastrophe that happens can shove that family into potentially permanent homelessness . 
 why do n't most families have enough in savings ? 
 because most people were never taught enough about money or about how much things cost in life . 
 and when people do n't learn these things then they do n't know how to budget and plan their lives financially so that they can be secure financially . 
 and when people are not secure financially then they are either dependent upon charity or debt or worse -- the federal and state government . 
 -lrb- why is dependence upon government worse ? 
 because only government can force you to do things by showing up with guns and handcuffs when they claim you are breaking one of their laws and because it has been proven over and over that people are nearly guaranteed to remain poor when they use taxpayer dollars for food , housing , medical care etc because government programs specifically use disincentives that provide negative consequences for those that begin to slightly prosper to the point that the only way to rise above needing taxpayer dollars is to earn a much larger amount of income than most people do . 
 otherwise , you 'll remain poor precisely because you need any kind of government assistance financially . 
 this has been proven for years but few people talk about it partly because people perpetuate the myth that government can provide `` free '' stuff but the fact is , nothing is free since someone somewhere must pay for it and absolutely no one is so rich that they can afford to pay for everything for entire towns or cities of americans . -rrb- 
 when people are dependent upon charity or debt or government they are proving to themselves and others that they are not earning enough to provide for their own needs or for that of their family . 
 so how can people avoid this and be financially secure so that when they get pregnant and need to provide for themselves and their children that they have enough money to never become homeless ? 
 the answer is easy to understand but not as easy to actually do . 
 the answer is that you must know in advance how much things might cost so that you know how much money needs to be set aside or saved to have ready to use for an emergency . 
 once you know how much emergencies might cost then you factor in taxes , insurance and living expenses and once you add it all up then you 'll have a reasonably good idea for how much you should strive to earn to pay for it all . 
 so what kinds of emergencies most often happen to people ? 
 which emergencies are the most expensive ? 
 is it possible to get through life without having any financial emergencies ? 
 the only time it 's possible to get through life without experiencing any sudden and unexpected financial needs is for everything to go perfectly in life where you have absolutely no problems whatsoever . 
 clearly this is not possible . 
 no one 's life is perfect . 
 if there 's anything you can count on regarding financial emergencies in life , just remember this : it 's not a matter of if an emergency might happen , it 's a matter of when . 
 -lrb- and emergencies happen much more often than people talk about . -rrb- 
 most people are too embarrassed to have other people find out that they do n't have enough money because most people assume that everyone else is likely better prepared than they are financially when actually the fact is that most people are just as inadequately prepared as their neighbor . 
 as you consider the most common financial emergencies and the most expensive ones , here is a list to consider budgeting for : personal emergency preparedness : major medical : since medical bankruptcy is the most common form of bankruptcy in the u.s. , emergency medical needs are clearly the most expensive need for any individual or family to plan for . 
 how much might someone need to have as cash to spend in the event of a sudden , devastating diagnosis to cover out-of-pocket expenses -lrb- anything that insurance wo n't cover -rrb- ? 
 you might plan on needing anywhere from $ 25,000 minimum to over $ 200,000 . 
 job loss : this would be money needed to cover living expenses and other needs while being unemployed and searching for new employment . 
 the amount of time that one might remain unemployed despite diligent job searching efforts can be anywhere from 6 months to over a year . 
 a reasonable amount to plan to save to cover these needs would be a minimum of ten months of expenses . 
 property damage : major damage to your home could come by termites or a tornado tearing out your garage door or heavy snow breaking your roof or an old pipe busting in your home and causing flood damage along with several other possibilities for major property damage . 
 minor property damage might be like a small hole in the wall or a clogged toilet or broken window . 
 these would be problems that you either do n't have insurance coverage for or that your insurance company would deny -lrb- meaning to not help you pay for -rrb- for any number of reasons . 
 one of the most common reasons an insurance company denies a claim is because they simply do n't have enough money to fully satisfy everyone 's claims because too many people are asking for their money at the same time -- such as when a hundred homes in one town have tornado damage from the same storm and the insurance company knows that the storm is moving to do more damage to more homes in a nearby town so the claims are about to double which is often too expensive for the insurance company . 
 you might plan on needing anywhere from $ 5,000 minimum to over $ 45,000 saved in this category of emergency savings . 
 car repairs : anything that breaks down on your car for any reason that might not be covered by insurance . 
 or if you have a high deductible then that would be part of how you would estimate how much savings to have set aside . 
 you might plan on needing anywhere from $ 500 minimum to over $ 10,000 saved in this category of emergency savings . 
 unexpected legal : there are too many reasons why someone might sue someone else at any given time here in the united states . 
 if it were me , i might consider saving a minimum of $ 500,000 just for this category of emergency preparedness . 
 income loss in event of breadwinner 's disability or death -lrb- or business income loss or investment income loss -rrb- : this could be a huge amount because something like this could easily affect things for years if not decades into the future . 
 this could easily be a savings need of six figures or more . 
 a loved one 's unplanned needs : this could be a sick child or a good friend that needs some money or the possibility of caring for an aging parent that has unexpected needs . 
 i would probably plan a minimum of about $ 2,000 just for this category . 
 to add all of it up so far would be a lot of money . 
 but since i like to play things safe , what i would probably do for my family is to plan on earning enough to be able to afford to set aside at least $ 200,000 for each person in my family . 
 so if i were married with two kids , i would plan on earning enough to be able to save up $ 800,000 as quickly as possible just for the variety of emergencies that can happen that could affect each of us . 
 so which is easier to save up that much money as quickly as possible ? 
 by picking a job that pays only $ 20 dollars an hour ? 
 or by choosing a career that pays closer to about $ 100 an hour or more ? 
 the answer is obvious . 
 the more money someone earns either per hour or per month then the easier it is to save enough quickly enough for emergencies . 
 -lrb- and do n't believe anyone that tells you that becoming a stripper or prostitute or porn star will make you a lot of money because that 's a lie . 
 unless you 're a man , most strippers , porn stars and prostitutes are raped and beaten up by pimps to force the women to give up their money and live completely broke and dependent and controlled by their pimps . 
 the 90 's movie `` pretty woman '' is one of the ugliest myths hollywood and the porn industry have ever applauded . -rrb- 
 emergencies come over and over again nearly every year for nearly every individual and family . 
 some emergencies are minor -lrb- somewhat low cost -rrb- and others are major -lrb- expensive -rrb- but nearly all of them are beyond our control . 
 but something that is within our control is if we get pregnant , how soon and how often and if we keep the baby or give it up in love to a couple that can more easily afford to care for the baby 's childhood needs . 
 costs to care for a child is certainly an easy way to stump most guys that would pressure a girl for sex before marriage . 
 maybe you could have the guy step into his parent 's shoes for a few minutes to see just how hard it is to provide for a family on a typical american income . 
 here 's a typical month for many americans . 
 day 1 : the rent -lrb- or mortgage -rrb- is due . 
 your dad -lrb- and likely your mom too -rrb- works to pay that bill so you do n't have to become homeless as a family . 
 it 's at least $ 800 . 
 if it does n't get paid then the landlord or bank can call the police and force you to move out today for failure to pay the debt . 
 if you ca n't afford to pay your rent debt , where in the world can you move to on such short notice ? 
 some place safe ? 
 likely not . 
 the cheapest places to live have the highest violent crime rates . 
 you could go stay in a homeless shelter . 
 just be prepared for an eye-opening experience . 
 in most shelters there 's no place to store your stuff and so you 're most likely to be mugged by another homeless person in the middle of the night as you sleep out in the open in a room full of cots for beds because that 's how too many homeless people survive is by stealing another person 's stuff to sell later . 
 so if you want to keep your stuff just make sure you do n't actually sleep when you stay at a shelter because you 'll have to stay awake to try and keep others from stealing your stuff . 
 day 3 : utilities and other bills are due . 
 your parents have to pay for every time you turn on a light switch , every time they turn on a light switch , every time the toilet is flushed or the water is left running in the sink unnecessarily . 
 they pay for garbage service , sewer service , gas and electricity . 
 for some of your parents this costs another $ 200 a month -- or potentially $ 400 or more in the summer when the air conditioner is needed -- depending upon the size of the home or apartment you live in and the temperature you keep the ac at . 
 also both cars need to be filled up with gas . 
 that will cost another $ 75 or more . 
 so let 's see where we 're at so far . 
 $ 800 + $ 400 + $ 75 = $ 1,275 needed right away . 
 your dad just got his paycheck . 
 this happens twice a month . 
 but after paying for any charitable donations he may give to your church as well as paying taxes and any other contributions he pays through his employer for benefits , such as paying to invest in his 401 -lrb- k -rrb- for future retirement , he has very little left over to pay for rent , the above mentioned bills and gas for the family cars . 
 for many dads they are barely able to cover for these basic financial needs without having to rely on credit cards for help . 
 but still others have more left over -- anywhere from $ 100 to $ 500 or more . 
 day 5 : the refrigerator is looking too empty . 
 food is running low . 
 mom needs to go to the grocery store . 
 she needs at least $ 400 to feed her growing family . 
 another $ 100 or more is potentially needed for various sanitary items and household cleaning and organizing . 
 she double checks with the bank to make sure enough money is available for her . 
 if she overcharges her bank card then she 'll have to pay some expensive fees -- up to $ 50 or more . 
 your family is too poor to be able to afford to pay such expensive penalties . 
 thankfully , enough is in the bank . 
 she goes to buy food and other supplies but spends only about $ 300 this trip . 
 in two weeks she 'll likely spend another $ 150 for food -- no restaurants -- and likely another $ 50 or more for other needed items . 
 so how much has been spent so far of dad 's paycheck : $ 1,275 + $ 300 = $ 1,575 . 
 there 's likely nothing left over from his paycheck . 
 day 10 : because mom has a job also she earns money too . 
 this is needed because it 's time for the kids to go back to school and growing kids need more clothing and new school supplies . 
 mom and dad know it will cost at least $ 600 to handle the back to school needs . 
 she takes the kids shopping . 
 let 's see how much has been spent up until now . 
 $ 1,575 spent so far this month + $ 600 for today 's needs = $ 2,175 day 14 : mom is running out of diapers for the baby . 
 the baby usually uses about five diapers a day so it 's time to go buy more diapers and wipes . 
 that will cost about $ 65 to buy . 
 she decides to make the best use of the gas and time and get other needed groceries and supplies from the store . 
 $ 2,175 + $ 265 = $ 2,440 spent so far in just two weeks . 
 day 22 : two kids in this family are involved in extracurricular school activities . 
 costs for the two kids to participate in these activities can cost anywhere from $ 40 up to $ 200 or more depending upon what activities each child chooses . 
 the family sticks to lower cost activities so the total cost is only $ 50 . 
 but this also happens to be the day when the insurance bills are due for the two family cars . 
 the total bill is $ 150 . 
 so another $ 200 -lrb- $ 150 + $ 50 -rrb- is needed to pay for the kids ' activities and the car insurance . 
 $ 2,440 + $ 200 = $ 2,640 spent . 
 day 25 : a medical bill arrives in the mail . 
 this is a bill from when your dad got into a car accident and needed to recover in the hospital . 
 although the whole family is glad dad survived , the driver of the other car was at fault and likely did n't have insurance -lrb- or was drunk -rrb- because the driver drove away quickly leaving the scene most likely because the driver at fault was either drunk or texting and did n't want to get caught . 
 police still have not found the driver who is guilty of this hit and run . 
 the hospital and minor surgery costs were expensive . 
 the total out-of-pocket costs your parents are responsible to pay and have negotiated to pay the hospital are $ 22,000 with payments of $ 200 per month . 
 as life goes , this also happens to be the day when both of your parent 's college loans come due . 
 that 's another $ 300 a month . 
 plus more gas is needed for both cars . 
 that 's at least $ 75 . 
 so just for today , the 25th day of the month , $ 575 is needed -lrb- $ 200 + $ 300 + $ 75 = $ 575 -rrb- so that means that $ 2,640 + $ 575 = $ 3,215 has been spent in less than 30 days . 
 and now the phone and internet bill is due . 
 that 's another $ 200 due . 
 $ 3,215 + $ 200 = $ 3,415 both of your parents are praying feverishly day and night with gratitude for the fact that no one in your family needs to go to the doctor or dentist today and that there are no car repairs needed at this time because there just is n't enough money for it . 
 do you have $ 3,415 to help out your parents every month if they needed your help ? 
 no ? 
 then how are you going to pay for a safe home for your spouse and new baby if you are responsible for an unplanned teen pregnancy ? 
 $ 39,000 is a rough estimate for the net amount needed per year to pay for common bills such as in the example mentioned above . 
 so all you have to do is earn around $ 65,000 gross per year to pay for bills like these . 
 do you think you can earn $ 65,000 per year -- by yourself -- to provide as the only breadwinner in your family ? 
 it 's not easy but it 's possible . 
 did you also happen to notice the huge mistake with the example given of what it might be like to be in your parent 's shoes ? 
 look at what 's been paid for so far : charitable donations money into a 401 -lrb- k -rrb- taxes home rental -lrb- or mortgage -rrb- utilities gas for cars food and other household supplies school supplies and clothing extracurricular activities at school car insurance medical bill college loans phone and internet what in the world could be missing ? 
 adequate emergency savings and money for learning to earn enough to make it happen more quickly . 
 remember , it 's not a matter of if something will go wrong in your life financially -- but it 's only a matter of when . 
 things often go wrong more than once in a person 's life . 
 it can either be a series of financial setbacks , or a few small setbacks and then one huge setback -lrb- i.e. devastating medical diagnosis that too often snowballs into a lifetime of expensive needs to manage health challenges . -rrb- 
 it 's not worth gambling your life of your family 's lives or their safety and financial security by not accumulating an adequate multi-subject emergency reserve or individual accounts that are subject specific for savings reserves . 
 you can do everything in life `` perfectly '' and something will still go wrong -- even through no fault of yours . 
 so you can either plan on earning enough to make it easier to save enough quickly enough for emergencies by living frugally on a generous six figure income or you can do as far too many naive and foolish adults do and gamble your own life and your family 's lives on the slim chance that you wo n't experience a major financial catastrophe that pushes you into homelessness . 
 most people live from paycheck to paycheck and risk becoming homeless in the process . 
 are you okay with doing the same ? 
 you should n't be . 
 way too many guys -lrb- and many young ladies -rrb- do n't realize that there are financial costs to almost every choice in life . 
 do you think it 's okay to get an s.t.i. ? 
 do you think it 's cool to experience the kind of pain when urinating that it feels like little pieces of broken glass , tiny shards are being forced out when you go to the bathroom because of a certain s.t.i. you got from someone else ? 
 do you think it 's cool to inflict that pain on someone else by infecting them with your s.t.i. even though you stopped showing signs that you 're still infected ? 
 do you think it 's cool that all you have to do is get just one s.t.i. and the medical bills you 'll have to pay to handle the problem will be anywhere from $ 30 a month up to $ 500 a month . 
 do you think it 's cool to get someone else sick and infected with what you got so that they have to pay that money for their own health care for the rest of their lives ? 
 do you think it 's cool to be so poor that you have to make a choice each month between using money for food or using money for medical needs such as medications ? 
 not to be harsh but if your parents died tomorrow and left you no money at all then who would pay for the destructive consequences of your choices ? 
 if you moved out on your own tomorrow -lrb- or if your parents kicked you out -rrb- how would you earn the money to pay for your own safe housing , food , transportation and medical bills and everything else life requires for safety and prosperous progress ? 
 remember , i say all of this because i care for you a lot . 
 working at a fast food restaurant will not earn you enough money to cover the most basic needs . 
 working at a grocery store as a bagger or cashier will not earn you enough . 
 anything less than $ 50 an hour will not come close to being enough to provide for your needs -- that is if you 're actually going to be smart and think your career choice through based on factoring the emergency savings needs -lrb- or emergency preparedness -rrb- of most americans . 
 it 's even important to know how to plant , nurture and harvest your own food -lrb- gardening -rrb- for whenever the day comes that , for a period of time , you must live on what you can produce . 
 where am i getting all of this information ? 
 i checked out alexopalstone.com and read about `` the financial math of hope vs. despair '' that only alexopalstone.com has . 
 it is a super cool website with amazing information . 
 it talks about what people need to learn in order to earn enough and it has a list that shows some of the best careers to choose to make sure you 're earning enough to provide for a family . 
 career choices like investing in real estate -lrb- such as a real estate developer , or commercial or residential investor -rrb- , owning intellectual property rights -lrb- patents for inventions , licensing and even copyrights -rrb- , being a bestselling author , investing in stocks or notes or bonds or being a successful business franchise owner are all ways to earn about a half a million dollars or more and that 's about the amount needed for americans to earn if they do n't want to struggle from paycheck to paycheck but have enough to save enough and to really thrive financially . 
 we are likely to face a time within the next few years -lrb- likely within ten years at the most -rrb- where each of us will have to live on what we can produce on our own . 
 this means each of us as americans will need to have sufficient gardening skills , farming tools , land and resources to eat what we produce and live on what we produce in order to survive . 
 this will likely be related to the u.s. dollar collapsing -lrb- massive inflation -rrb- or other major stock and bond market turmoil so we 'll have to start over by learning some hard lessons about voting for the wrong people and misunderstanding vital principles behind the free market system , individual prosperity and individual liberty as americans . 
 then when we restore our individual freedoms and prosperity only those that aim to earn a large six-figure income -- specifically applying wise financial principles as found in the hypothetical example of `` the financial math of hope vs. despair '' will be the ones that thrive . 
 the hope exists in earning a large six figure income while living frugally and investing wisely . 
 the despair comes from not doing so . 
 it 's a choice between adapting to earn more or perishing . 
 here 's something else to consider about sex as a teen . 
 ask this to any guy that 's trying to talk you into having sex with him when you 're a teen . 
 if you are responsible for an unplanned teen pregnancy how expensive might that be for you ? 
 new stroller new baby crib & bed linens cradle swing high chair baby feeding supplies baby clothing diapers , wipes , hygiene car seat breast pump & nursing pads baby food baby monitor diaper bag the total cost for everything on that list can cost over $ 1,500 up front . 
 just the labor and delivery of the baby costs thousands of dollars more on top of all of the costs just to be ready to care for the baby at home . 
 you do n't want the mother and baby to be homeless so now you 've got to pay for housing , phone , utilities , transportation , food , clothing , internet etc. . 
 regular doctor 's appointments for the health of the mother as well as the baby 's health -- that all costs more money several times a year . 
 if your baby is born with any serious health challenges that require intensive treatment or surgeries then that can easily cost you an additional $ 100,000 or more plus lifelong medical care needs that only get more expensive over time . 
 and it 's really selfish when a guy or girl thinks that it 's okay to get pregnant as a teen because baby showers will just pay for supplies . 
 again , that 's really selfish . 
 more young men and young women need to understand that if they enter the experience of teen pregnancy with the idea that such a tragic mistake should be celebrated by making other people buy you gifts by a baby shower when they themselves are likely struggling financially then you set yourself up for serious problems . 
 it is the young ladies that believe the guy will stick around after the birth of the child to help her raise the baby together that are the same girls that are the most surprised when the reality hits because he leaves by dumping her and abandoning their baby as he proves the statistical fact that the vast majority of teen guys leave within the first two years after the baby is born if he does n't dump her sooner . 
 the father of the child almost always says that he loves you and will stick by you when he does n't know what he 's actually committing to . 
 once he sees it 's no fun after all and once he sees it 's expensive to start a family -- the vast majority of guys run away from their responsibilities and dump the mother of their child . 
 too often these guys get support from their parents to leave the girl to bear the burden of parenting alone because too many parents -- even so-called christian parents that `` believe '' people should face and share in responsibility for wrong choices made -- are not strong enough to make the right choice . 
 what right choice ? 
 to consistently push their son to take responsibility or suffer facing serious negative consequences by his own parents if he does n't . 
 parents need to be strong enough to make the good choice , the honorable choice to consistently push their son to take the responsibility that is his and to marry her and/or otherwise provide financially for her and their child 's needs for the entire life of the child . 
 yes , she has a right to sue under law the father of her child for child support that lasts for all of the years of her child 's life . 
 so what is he going to do if she chooses to keep and raise the child that he fathered biologically ? 
 when you bet your entire future that he will marry you and raise your child with you when that is so rare to occur among teen boys then you are essentially saying that you 're willing to become homeless on the almost guaranteed chance he will bail and leave you within less than one year of your giving birth . 
 this happens so often that a great majority of people who become homeless in the united states are single mothers . 
 what 's it like to stay in a typical homeless shelter ? 
 it 's not safe . 
 it 's not secure . 
 you get kicked back out into the streets by the volunteers at the crack of dawn and they do n't let you back in until night time -- unless they are full for the night and then you 'll have to sleep on the street or in your car and hope that you do n't become the victim of a violent crime out on the street . 
 and how about asking him if he 's prepared to save up money for your child 's education . 
 tell him that most parents do n't save up enough because they do n't earn enough . 
 tell him that if he wants to be the rare successful exception that all he has to do is set aside the entire amount needed up front within a few months of your infant 's birth and then be prepared to pay more later when he or she is old enough to start attending college . 
 how much would that be ? 
 he could set aside at least $ 45,000 up front once your baby is born and that might be a good start . 
 any guy you date that wants to have sex with you is going to try his best to convince you that sex is fun . 
 he 'll never discuss the possible consequences because he 's probably not thinking of them . 
 he may talk someone into having sex with him but neither he nor the girl -lrb- or guy , as the case may be -rrb- will be in control of the consequences that follow from that choice . 
 does it sound like fun to have consequences that might be a lifelong and potentially expensive s.t.i. ? 
 does it sound fun to have consequences that might sound like a crying baby at 1:00 am and again at 3:00 am and again at 5:00 am and on and on where you get far less sleep than you need or are used to ? 
 or maybe he thinks it 'll be fun to have consequences that could be a baby with a heart defect that forces you into medical bankruptcy before you even turn nineteen thus ruining your chances for becoming qualified for more debt help in the future ? 
 or it could be that he thinks it would be fun to have consequences where you end up homeless because not only did you choose to keep your child , but he chose to run away -- literally run away to avoid legal actions that force him to pay you child support because if he can avoid being found by the police then he can keep more of his paycheck at whatever jobs he has for the rest of his life so he never has to struggle as much as you do financially . 
 sound like fun ? 
 not to me . 
 and it should n't sound like fun to you either . 
 hollywood may have paid some teen moms to have a tv show or be on the cover of a magazine but hollywood and the media -lrb- news -rrb- rarely emphasize with enough repetition the poverty that is the reality for over 90 % of teen moms throughout the teen mom 's life . 
 it 's hard for a teen mom tv star to be honest with other teens about financial struggles when she gets paid a lot of money to do a story about her `` struggles '' . 
 if you 're hoping that getting pregnant as a teen will win you a tv show and make you a star then you are literally betting your life and your child 's life that you wo n't live a life of poverty when the fact is you 're nearly guaranteed to be poor . 
 and to victimize someone innocent that way -lrb- your child -rrb- by forcing them to be born into a life of poverty is not only irresponsible and selfish but it 's also incredibly cruel to do to any child when it 's preventable by more responsible choices towards common sense prosperity . 
 children suffering in preventable poverty are children that are hungry . 
 to feed any human sufficiently is to sustain life . 
 when you ca n't feed your children and they 're crying from hunger then you ca n't keep them alive . 
 that 's not good . 
 but if you want to know how hollywood works , just see how these teen moms get rejected as `` yesterday 's news '' after 3-5 years of fame because most famous people rarely experience fame past the five year mark . 
 then those once famous `` stars '' are soon forgotten by the public and many of these stars go broke and have to do tv commercials or regular employment just to get by financially . 
 look . 
 this may be one of the most down and sad love letters you 've ever received before in your life but if i were n't in love , if i did n't have the biggest crush on you ever known to man , then i would n't be trying to do my best to protect you from heartache by helping you recognize the lies that lead to it . 
 i know that most people consider long letters to be inappropriate but maybe this can be the exception to the rule because of the care that 's behind it and because these truths are important and ca n't be effectively summed up by a mere few paragraphs . 
 so in closing , be careful if you 're dating someone that tries to talk you into getting gonorrhea of the throat while potentially choking you to where you ca n't breathe because he thinks it 's fun -lrb- only for him -rrb- to talk you into giving him oral sex . 
 be careful if he thinks he can convince you that he 'll `` pull out early '' to keep you from getting pregnant because no guy i know has the selfless willpower to stop and pull out before getting a girl pregnant . 
 ultimately , any guy that really loves you and cares about what happens to any children you create together will want to marry you before having sex . 
 think about it . 
 stump him before he tricks you into a life of misery or talk to him frankly about the financial facts of life that he probably has n't considered yet if you really like him too . 
 or if you really love a guy that wo n't show you proper respect , love him enough to leave him . 
 it 's not `` real '' love to let someone think it 's okay to abuse someone -lrb- serious disrespect -rrb- by staying with them when they refuse to change for the better . 
 i 'm going to be one of those rare , cool husbands . 
 i 'm going to help my wife with dishes and laundry and cooking in addition to `` male '' stuff like yard work and whatever i do as a career so that we 're a team raising our kids together . 
 if my wife or one of our kids gets sick at 3 am then i 'll get out of bed to clean up the vomit so my wife can get some sleep and i wo n't complain . 
 when a diaper needs to be changed , i 'll change it without having to be asked because i see it , not just as my duty to do so , but as an opportunity to give my wife a break from it since she will most likely change more diapers than me since she 'll probably be with our children more often than i will . 
 but even though my work may keep me away from our kids , i 'm not going to be one of those dads that works over forty hours a week keeping me away from my wife and children all the time . 
 maybe we can finally meet sometime and we can talk about the financial things i 'm learning . 
 you could also tell me what you think about the fact that i 'm a guy that wants to earn at least $ 500,000 a year in hopes that the woman i marry someday will be my equal partner in raising our kids since hopefully she 'll want to raise our kids full-time from home instead of working at both a full-time job away from home and trying to raise kids -lrb- which is so much harder than having a great husband that provides enough money for his family 's needs -rrb- . 
 and if you do n't talk with me about it then you could talk to whomever you someday date and marry about it because it 's foolish to wait until after you marry someone to talk about these things when you should only marry someone that agrees on important issues like you do before committing to that person . 
 -lrb- not that i 'm looking to get married anytime soon or at such a young age . 
 but our teen years are in many ways like a dress rehearsal for our adult years , are n't they ? -rrb- 
 i 'm just thinking of your happiness and well-being ... always . 
 love , your secret admirer february 25 you : oh my gosh ! 
 you will not believe what i just saw ! 
 there was this girl that was getting off the bus and instead of just stepping off , she jumped off and right as she jumped off she had blown this big bubble with her bubblegum and just as she landed the bubble popped and the gum stuck all over her face , all over her glasses and even up into her hair ! 
 it was hilarious ! 
 i had to go hide my face because i could n't stop laughing for like five minutes afterwards . 
 some jerk probably took her picture so do n't be surprised if somebody shows it to you at some point today . 
 that poor girl . 
 but it was soooo funny ! 
 anyhoo ... so how are you ? 
 did you get your science report finished ? 
 i bet you get an `` a + '' because you 've been so focused on it you have n't returned any of my calls until yesterday . 
 but just in case you have n't quite finished it yet and could use some help , here are some things you can include in your report . 
 there 's a guy in my trig class that probably has an entire colony of alien-like bacteria living in his eyebrows because his eyebrows are so bushy that they could easily have escaped the hostile planet they escaped from and just hide out living quite well in his eyebrows . 
 okay . 
 that was mean . 
 maybe i should try something less cruel . 
 there 's a guy i know that sweats so much when he exercises that he 's often called for fighting fires instead of calling the fire department because all anyone has to do is hold the guy up over the fire and he 'll just drip the fire out with his sweat . 
 he shows up every time i look in the mirror because he 's the guy looking back at me . 
 okay so that was a confession that i sweat a lot and that i agree that it 's gross and now that i think of it that was totally cheesy to tell you just now . 
 i will be amazed if you 're even still acknowledging our friendship after that one . 
 why am i so nerdy ? 
 that should be a question that reporters in the news investigate and follow up on with a headline : `` teen heartthrob is secret nerd '' who knew ? 
 -lrb- you did . 
 and you still like me . 
 you 're an angel . -rrb- 
 so guess what i 'm going to do after school today ? 
 my dad made arrangements for me to interview for a job test driving new luxury cars on closed race tracks . 
 sweet ! 
 of course , a job like that would never be able to support a family but because i have taken after my dad with the talent to make groundbreaking innovations , if i can come up with a new and needed innovation this car company -lrb- or any other one -rrb- has n't thought of yet and then if i can get my own patent for it then i can license it for other car companies to use or to have just one car company license it exclusively to get a leg up on their competition . 
 doing that successfully could make me a millionaire . 
 nice ! 
 needless to say i 'm pretty excited about this afternoon . 
 well , got to go . 
 i 'm still craving more mango delight fruit cake so i 'll have to make your recipe this weekend . 
 and if i do , i 'll bring some to school and you can tell me if i did a good job making it . 
 hope you have a good day ! 
 later ! 
 me chapter 7 : the march chapter march 6 you : what 's up ?! 
 not too much over on my end these days although i did go and actually do like a test interview test drive and believe it or not i do n't think i would enjoy that job . 
 there are so many questions you have to answer about the driving experience . 
 were the mirrors easy to adjust ? 
 did it take too long to adjust them ? 
 did the mirrors move too fast ? 
 did the mirrors move too slow ? 
 was the temperature of the seat comfortable ? 
 too hot ? 
 too cold ? 
 did it take too long for the temperature to adjust ? 
 how quiet was the interior ? 
 were you comfortable with the leg room ? 
 was the seat long enough for thigh support ? 
 was the seat too long ? 
 were you comfortable with the head room ? 
 how was the suspension ? 
 did the steering wheel have minimal shaking , too much shaking or no noticeable shaking ? 
 aaaaah ! 
 just let me drive the dang car ! 
 needless to say i do n't like all of the `` satisfaction '' and `` stability '' and `` ergonomics '' questions . 
 i love the driving experience but i do n't like having to focus on the details of that experience . 
 i just want to drive for the sake of driving . 
 i 'm not sure if i 'll be doing that again but at the same time , a million bucks is a nice round number to see on a future bank statement of mine . 
 maybe i 'll go again . 
 and just in case you were wondering , you look great today ! 
 later ! 
 me -lsb- 10th anonymous note put in your locker . -rsb- 
 march 10 title : `` picture perfect '' some say you 're only beautiful when you 're thin others say if you 're thin it must be a sin maybe some people just do n't want you to win some say your body must be perfect and so must your face but have you seen how ugly some people are deep down inside in the first place ? 
 people say you 'll be so happy if you look the way we tell you to but did you ever notice just how miserable and crappy these same people feel inside ? 
 baby i do n't care if you need to lose a little weight baby i do n't care because we all need food on our plate baby i do n't want you thin as paper baby i do n't want you thin as a tiny twig baby i do n't need you to be picture perfect but boy i sure do want at least a picture of you now honey i know you think you 're no mona lisa and you listen to the people that say that only the beautiful people get to play play all day in the game of love the game where only one of us wins but as long as you know me you 'll be more inclined to see that the all the romantic poetry in the world got its start by writing about the curvaceous and voluptuous goddess of venus the full-figured female statues across italy , england , germany and france the marilyn monroes and the ladies from the days of edgar allen poe now honey i know you think you 're no mona lisa but you better listen to me when i say that you and me were meant to play play all day in the game of love the game where both of us win baby i do n't care if you need to lose a little weight baby i do n't care because we all need food on our plate baby i do n't want you thin as paper baby i do n't want you thin as a tiny twig baby i do n't need you to be picture perfect but boy i sure do want to be in a picture with you a picture of me ... kissing you love , your secret admirer p.s. i said earlier that sometimes my poetry stinks . 
 remember i said `` sometimes . '' 
 not all of it stinks . 
 -lrb- wink and a smile . -rrb- 
 -lsb- 11th anonymous note put in your locker . -rsb- 
 march 14 title : `` where is she ? '' 
 it 's 11 p.m. and i 'm looking out my window down beneath the reflection of flickering flames from decorative torches touches the surface of the pool whispering the question where is she you stupid fool ? 
 it 's one a.m. and i 'm looking out the window up above the stars weave in and out filling the night sky and playing with the milky way faintly echoing the question where is she ? 
 did she lose her way ? 
 or are you still the fool ? 
 it 's 3 a.m. and i 'm searching in my heart into the deepest depths and highest heights in between the throbbing beats that flood my veins pumping the question where is she ? 
 but the answer is so plain because i 'm a fool it 's 5 a.m. and i 'm facing the truth buried beneath the distance i keep between us it 's no good to keep myself , keep myself so far , far away knowing that the answer to the question is that she would be here if i would start a new day keeping myself not so far away anymore but letting her be here and holding the most precious woman i know close close forever and not just in my heart then the whispering flames echoing stars and the throbbing in my veins will testify i 'm no longer the fool because she 's here because i 'm here because we 're together and not just in my heart . 
 love , your secret admirer march 17 you : happy saint patrick 's day ! 
 i like the green glitter rimmed glasses you 're wearing today . 
 nice touch ! 
 well , well , well . 
 guess who crashed a car yesterday while doing a test drive ? 
 yes . 
 that would be me . 
 was i texting while driving ? 
 no . 
 was i driving drowsy ? 
 no . 
 was i loudly unwrapping a peanut butter and jelly sandwich during the quiet test ? 
 no . 
 believe it or not , a deer came jumping out of the middle of nowhere and literally jumped over the hood , which scared the jeepers out of me , so i swerved and slammed into a table of engineers that ran away before i could hit any of them while simultaneously proving that the tires they use do , in fact , stop a full twenty eight feet earlier than the competitions under similar circumstances . 
 so there was a lesson to be had by all . 
 and what might that lesson be ? 
 that it is not necessary to be a distracted driver by sleepiness , texting or unwrapping peanut butter and jelly sandwiches because nature will create plenty of obstacles to safe driving for us . 
 man need not create his own obstacles to his own safety or the safety of a nearby table full of observing engineers . 
 after that my dad wanted to pull me out of the testing experience for good and he asked me what i thought and so i gave him the only logical reply a young man my age could give : `` no way ! 
 that rocked ! 
 let 's do it again ! '' 
 my dad is reluctantly letting me continue test driving . 
 the vice president of the car company personally shook my hand for proving how well the tires held up so i do n't plan on quitting after something as small as a little deer nearly killing about a dozen people . 
 -lrb- okay ... so it was n't a small thing to nearly die . 
 but it rocked ! -rrb- 
 so anyhoo ... how are you ? 
 hopefully you 're not thinking of getting a job as a test driver because then i would strictly forbid you from doing so for the sake of all little deer and fawns everywhere . 
 and for the sake of observing engineers . 
 and , of course , i ca n't forget myself -- so for my sakes also because it would just tear me up inside if anything ever happened to you because you followed my foolish ways behind the wheel . 
 plus i might be rather upset if you became a test driver because then they would hire you over me since women are better drivers than men are . 
 so stay away from the test track . 
 i forbid it . 
 and if you do n't like my saying that then just watch me ... take back every last word i just said because you 're just cool like that . 
 sometimes i think i like you too much . 
 or maybe it 's the fruit cake i like too much . 
 no ... it 's you . 
 by the way , how did your last english test go ? 
 did you ace it ? 
 i would spread vicious rumors about how you dangle your participles but that would be entirely false and i might not be able to spread such rumors while keeping a straight face . 
 so did it go well ? 
 i 'd offer you help but how much help can i offer someone that is taking advanced courses and is one of the smartest people i know ? 
 but if there is ever anything you need help with i 'm here for you . 
 i really do know a few things about u.s. history and the subject of `` love 101 '' . 
 i mention that because i 'm wondering if you 're going to tell me if you have a love life or who 's in your love life or that `` my love life is none of your business . '' 
 basically nearly any statement with the words `` my love life '' in it will do . 
 just wondering . 
 hope you have a great day today ! 
 i survived the attack ninja deer surprise so i 'd have to say i 'm having a pretty awesome day so far . 
 later ! 
 me -lsb- with a single long-stemmed red rose in your locker you find the 12th anonymous note put in your locker . -rsb- 
 march 20 you know that i like driving , i love music , i love the way my heart seems to skip a beat every time i see you and i 'm thinking about actually telling you who i am sometime soon . 
 but before i do that , i wanted to tell you something more , if that 's okay with you . 
 it seems you 've been pretty patient with this one way conversation and that maybe it 's not fair to you to keep up this mystery so long . 
 in fact , it 's not healthy to have a string of secret admirer letters and not give you a voice in the matter where you know who i really am . 
 at least that 's the way i feel and i would like to know if you feel the same but that would require me telling you who i am first and right at this moment i 'm scared to do it . 
 please understand , just seeing you face to face sets my heart aflutter and the idea of actually talking with you face to face in a way where you actually know it 's me that 's been giving you these notes is to imagine world war three within my heart . 
 right now , you do n't know who i am and so you ca n't reject me to my face so , in that sense , i 'm safe . 
 but there is a stronger part of me that just ca n't help but to tell you . 
 i 'm actually not such a great secret keeper when i really like someone . 
 when i 'm in love , i 'm a dead give away that i absolutely must get to know the girl that i like and that means to be friends with her friends . 
 and usually to be friends with her friends means its inevitable that i 'll be social enough with everyone involved enough to make that happen -- including being sociable enough with you . 
 -lrb- that should be a huge hint right there as to who i really am . -rrb- 
 so i guess what i 'm trying to say is that , you 've seen how ridiculous my writing style is and so who knows how awkward it might be when i actually tell you that i am the one that is your secret admirer . 
 so please go easy on me . 
 it 's not just that you 're more beautiful than a moonlit night in the summer or that the flowers of spring hide their faces in shame whenever your splendor outshines them as you come their way or that the very sun itself in all its rays of glory can not compare to the human star that you are -- it 's not these things alone . 
 it 's that your gorgeous beauty is both unsurpassed by any that have come before you , all that are here now and whomever will follow and yet every day in this simple school you bless the masses here with your presence . 
 you bless me and your presence around me causes me the greatest bliss i could ever conceive while simultaneously wracking every nerve within my frame so as to render me almost entirely helpless to do something as simple as speak to you with the honesty of an open heart . 
 so whenever that day comes , and i am confident that it will come soon because i 'm not sure how much more of this self-imposed secret i can bear , please ... please be merciful if i am not what you are interested in . 
 go easy on me by telling me the truth and i will live a much happier life away from you in the truth than if you were to ever hide your graciousness by a lie that you like me when the truth is that you may not . 
 in love , loyalty and torment of heart , your secret admirer march 26 you : what 's up ? 
 are you having a good day so far today ? 
 i hope so . 
 i 'm just sitting here in class and taking advantage of the fact that i finished a pop quiz early and there 's nothing really left to do in class . 
 so i 'm writing you ! 
 -lrb- no need to jump for joy . 
 no ... really ... please stop . 
 ok ... i suppose you can jump a little . -rrb- 
 well , i 've got some news . 
 i 'm not sure if it 's good news or bad news -- hence the reason i 'm calling it just `` news . '' 
 you know your secret admirer guy ? 
 well , the latest word is that he 's decided not to tell you who he is because he 's hoping that you 'll like him the way he is right now and so now you do n't have to worry about trying to figure out who he is . 
 and maybe he wo n't be writing you anymore because he 's going to maybe take a new approach in ... trying to date you . 
 so , there you go . 
 that 's the news . 
 i hope it 's good news for you . 
 i mean , after all , you seemed a bit befuddled over not knowing who he was and stuff so ... problem solved ! 
 now onto other subjects . 
 since you liked the cookies i made you in january , i decided to make some more and so we can chew on them at lunch today . 
 so get ready for some tasty bonus treats at lunch later ! 
 wooohooo ! 
 later ! 
 me chapter 8 : the april chapter april 3 you : hey ! 
 what 's up ? 
 no , really . 
 what 's up ? 
 i do n't think i 've ever seen you so quiet and ... aloof . 
 so ... what 's up ? 
 is something wrong ? 
 anything you want to talk about ? 
 i was going to bring my special cap to wear that helps me to be telepathetic for situations just like this but i forgot it at home . 
 so this is your cue to actually speak and tell me what 's on your mind these days that 's keeping you ... well ... more quiet than usual . 
 maybe you should note that your quietness has a sort of ripple effect in that when you 're not talking much it makes me wonder what i should talk about . 
 you know , like , two way communication stuff . 
 it usually helps when both people in a conversation are actually talking as opposed to one trying to read the other person 's mind and answer questions on their behalf . 
 does that even make any sense ? 
 probably not . 
 i do n't always make sense -lrb- in case you had n't already noticed -rrb- . 
 so that makes the problems even worse so i could use your help ... like audibly . 
 anyhoo ... i do n't want to pressure you into talking about anything that you really do n't want to talk about so you just keep quiet until you 're ready to talk about ... whatever ... and i 'll be here to listen and give you crappy advice -- i mean good advice . 
 good advice . 
 hope you have a good day somehow if it has n't turned out good so far . 
 later , me april 10 you : i could n't help but notice that you 're still a bit quiet these days and i have n't seen you as often at lunch or after school . 
 you 've got me worried so i got to thinking . 
 maybe you need to laugh . 
 nothing helps to heal a heart quite like a good laugh does . 
 so i 'll share with you one of my most embarrassing moments that you can laugh at . 
 last year i was visiting my cousin over spring break . 
 he had invited me to come with him to church that sunday so i said `` sure . '' 
 well , just as we arrived , i needed to use the restroom so he pointed me in the direction of the men 's room and told me that he would go on ahead and save me a seat in the auditorium where the sunday church services would be . 
 he showed me which doors to enter to find him after i finished . 
 when i left the bathroom to enter the auditorium , i looked and found that he was seated but he was n't able to find seats for us to sit together so i started to look for the next available spot . 
 i found a row near the middle and there was an empty seat in the row but the available seat was right in the middle so i had to step over and past about seven people . 
 once i sat down i noticed that all of the people on my row had a book in their lap . 
 i was n't sure why and so i just shrugged it off . 
 then some guy stood up and announced that there would be an opening prayer and that the choir would sing a hymn for all to enjoy . 
 i learned why those around me had a book in their lap because after the prayer ended , a guy stood in the front and motioned with his hands for the choir to stand up . 
 then everyone around me on my row stood up . 
 but i just sat there . 
 almost immediately as my row stood up i realized that several rows of people behind me also stood up at the same time . 
 it then dawned on me that the only row i could find a seat in turned out to be the front row of the choir . 
 i did n't want to be the only one seated when i was smack dab in the middle of an entire row of people standing so i finally stood up . 
 i had no idea what song was being sung or how to sing it so i stood there , no book in hand and lip synced a song with a bunch of people i did n't know and had never met before to an even larger group of people i did n't know and had never met before . 
 apparently i was the only one that stood up last and wore a beat red face while singing a hymn i had never sung before . 
 awkward . 
 needless to say that is an experience i will never forget . 
 one aisle over to the right my cousin would n't forget it either because he could not stop laughing . 
 so , most people do n't share their most embarrassing moments with others because they 're ... well ... embarrassing . 
 but i share that with you if it will put a smile back on that wonderful face of yours . 
 see you later ! 
 me april 16 you : wow ! 
 okay . 
 that 's a lot to absorb but just watch me become a super sponge after the conversation we just had this morning . 
 if i had known when i woke up this morning and met you early before school that you would open up as you did over this secret admirer guy then i assure you i would 've come much better prepared than i did . 
 but , now i can write you and try and make up for what i might call a missed opportunity . 
 okay , so if i 've understood you correctly , you actually miss this guy 's notes -- a guy that you are n't even sure who he is -- and yet i 'm here and with you as your friend and somehow that 's not good enough for you -lrb- my words , not yours -- at least that 's the impression i walked away with -rrb- . 
 so i propose that we change that `` not good enough '' impression . 
 i propose that we date . 
 i mean , as in `` date '' one another . 
 what do you think ? 
 let me know ! 
 happy easter ! 
 later ! 
 me april 21 you : so you really do n't think it 's possible for us to be more than friends ? 
 you really think that our dating will just be some passing phase ? 
 i beg to differ . 
 i 'll sweep you off your feet if you 'll just let me . 
 i noticed you have a picture of your pet cat on your phone . 
 interestingly enough , before i ever saw that picture i became more of a cat lover and not just a dog lover . 
 why the recent change , you might wonder ? 
 it 's amazing ! 
 we guys love dogs more than cats because cats wo n't do what we want them to but dogs will . 
 so dogs indulge our selfish desire to be self-serving and cats teach people to be less self-serving and cater more to another 's needs . 
 i was thinking about the two comparisons , dog-lovers -lrb- usually men -rrb- and cat lovers -lrb- often women -rrb- that has since caused me to like both cats and dogs more equally than to just be a dog lover . 
 but that 's not the only thing we have in common that could make us a great couple . 
 you do n't use stinky sticks nor do i. -lrb- stinky sticks are also called cigarettes -rrb- . 
 i call them that because smoking makes the smoker stink and being stinky is ugly -- not attractive . 
 -lrb- using stinky sticks may be worse than people that use the bathroom but then after it they do n't suds up their hands with soapy bubbles for at least twenty seconds before rinsing with water . 
 gross ! 
 which is almost as bad as someone not coughing into their elbow -- especially when they have gonorrhea of the throat as their `` sore throat '' very scary . -rrb- 
 i 've noticed that on the rare occasions that you sneeze , if you do n't have a large tissue handy , you 're fast enough to sneeze into your elbow . 
 you 're clean and sanitary . 
 that 's fantastic ! 
 i actually use enough deodorant and cologne to smell appealing to those around me . 
 you wear perfume and deodorant . 
 so we both believe in preventing b.o. as air pollution . 
 that 's a super great thing to have in common . 
 -lrb- i assume you shower daily , as do i. and we both dress well without going totally broke in the process . 
 that 's another good thing . -rrb- 
 but back to the point of my taking you on a date . 
 i ca n't believe you do n't know why i would want to date you -- aside from the fact that you 're absolutely gorgeous . 
 you 're cool about talking about spirituality and god . 
 you do n't see the word `` religion '' as something uncool or shameful or offensive like some people do . 
 i love that you 're cool with stuff like that ! 
 after all , i basically asked you a week ago if you wanted to go out on a date with me and the only reply from you that i caught , if i understood you correctly , was `` you have n't actually asked me out on a date . '' 
 or , in other words , i did n't invite you to a specific date , as in , a specific activity for a set date and time . 
 so , now , i say , okay . 
 let 's go out this friday . 
 i 'd like to take you out to go check out the museum of fine arts and then we can go out to eat a nice dinner and then i 'll take you home . 
 you half-chuckled that you would n't even know what a date with me would look like . 
 you said we 've been so much like friends so far that you could n't even imagine what a date with me would look like . 
 so allow me to help you out with that one . 
 the car i worked for four years to pay for is a gloss black luxury sedan with a mirror tinted moon roof . 
 it 's about three years old but it 's in excellent condition and is not only an elegant sight to look at , but it 's also one of the most reliable brands and safest models around . 
 i would pick you up just as the sun sets and i would be well dressed and wear a nice cologne that both of us enjoy . 
 i would open the passenger side door for you to seat you comfortably before i get behind the wheel -lrb- just as a true gentleman should -rrb- . 
 then we would make our way traveling down the highway at the proper speed limit of sixty-five miles an hour with the scenery all around us of modern buildings reflecting various colors of the sunset and other building lights and street lights as the night begins to fall all across the city . 
 some of the most classy and romantic music you could imagine will be playing smoothly through the custom eight hundred dollar stereo surround speaker system in my car . 
 the temperature in the car will be exactly to your liking -- not too hot , not too cold . 
 when i park at the museum i 'll park right by some beautiful blossoms of flowering shrubs that show off the elegant landscaping that surrounds the museum and parking lots -lrb- unless you 're allergic . 
 and if that 's the case , maybe we should pick a date activity that 's totally indoors all night -rrb- . 
 once we arrive at the museum , as we enter through the tall glass doors we 'll see signs all around advertising the current exhibit . 
 i 'll have our tickets in hand and you 're welcome to keep your ticket stub after we enter if you want it as memorabilia for later . 
 there will be various people already there looking at the exhibits and maybe we 'll even hear a few `` ooohs '' and `` ahh 's '' quietly mumbled from others from time to time . 
 and although most will be `` ooh-ing '' and `` ahh-ing '' over the various exhibits , some may do so over you because they see you as a beautiful work of art too . 
 -lrb- and who can blame them ? -rrb- 
 we 'll then go to a restaurant that serves foods that you wo n't have any allergic reactions to because no bee stingers will be on the menu -lrb- i checked in advance -rrb- and then we 'll go home . 
 nice , huh ? 
 so are you ready ? 
 will you go out with me ? 
 i can pick you up at 7 pm this friday and i 'll win the `` best date of the year '' award from your parents because i 'll make sure you 're back home safe and sound by absolutely no later than 11 pm . 
 so if you can imagine all of that , i 'll see you at 7 pm this friday . 
 deal ? 
 later , me april 29 you : i 've never been stood up before until the friday of what was supposed to be our date . 
 your mom said you had changed your mind but she did n't say why . 
 and since you seem to be avoiding me in the halls and at lunch i 'll ask you , `` why ? '' 
 why did you cancel with me friday without even telling it to my face ? 
 why does it seem like you 're avoiding me ? 
 did someone tell you that i smack my lips loudly while eating at restaurants ? 
 did someone tell you that i have a tendency to bring my very own silly straw with me to drink with at dinner ? 
 did someone tell you that i prefer to make up a foreign language as i order just to confuse the waiter ? 
 well if anyone has told you any of those things then just know that those are all lies ; viscous rumors spread by people who have gone out with me to dinner before and observed my doing similar things that they then exaggerated through the evils of dating gossip . 
 and if anyone told you to make sure i 'm not actually a super creepy guy by making sure you read gavin de becker 's book `` the gift of fear '' before going out with me or any other guy , then you should already know i 'm a good guy to go out with . 
 that book may give great advice as to how to know when a guy is trying to trick you to harm you but you should already know i would never try to trick you on a date to harm you on a date or at any other time . 
 and i 'm not trying to say i 'm afraid of you reading that book either . 
 in fact , go on ahead and read it . 
 then you 'll see i do n't fit the description of any of the creepy stories about creepy guys that hurt girls and women . 
 so i 'm pretty sure i 'm a safe date to go out with . 
 not that i 've ever dated myself , i mean ... not that i would date myself -- i mean ... not that i would n't date myself ... i mean ... oh , for crying out loud ! 
 you know what i mean ! 
 look . 
 i 'm just worried about you . 
 about our friendship . 
 so please , just tell me . 
 are you okay ? 
 are we okay ? 
 are things still cool between us ? 
 because it seems like things are n't cool and i 'd like to fix anything that you think needs fixing . 
 and i ca n't fix things very well if i do n't know how it got broken in the first place . 
 i 'm willing to man up and admit that maybe i 'm at fault for something . 
 i just need to know how you think i 'm at fault or how i screwed up with us if you think i did . 
 please talk to me . 
 see you later -lrb- hopefully -rrb- , me chapter 9 : the may chapter may 7 you : i got your note and i 'm pretty sure i know what you mean when you say , you `` just need some time to think . '' 
 so you 're still not talking to me . 
 is this some kind of hidden `` pride and prejudice '' thing going on like in between the lines ? 
 am i supposed to be mr. darcy or something ? 
 because i 'm pretty sure i 'm a heck of a lot funnier than mr. darcy . 
 -lrb- i would also add that i 'm better looking than him but i have n't seen a picture of the guy and i 'm not exactly sure what your type is . -rrb- 
 i know this is n't a `` beauty and the beast '' thing because neither one of us is a beast . 
 i know this is n't a `` wuthering heights '' thing because if i had somehow accidentally wandered into such a scene i 'd likely be munching on s 'm ores and clearly out of place as i would ask any and all passers by where the nearest exit to that story is . 
 `` ummm ... excuse me ... how do i get out of here ? 
 i mean , clearly , i 'm out of place here . 
 in fact , i do n't even know how i got here . '' 
 and with the strange looks i would get from others accustomed to being in that story i would have to defend myself by quickly adding , `` i 'm not drunk , okay ? 
 i just want to know how to get out of here . '' 
 and the strange looks would continue and people would probably just run away leaving me stuck in this story of misery and heartache . 
 -lrb- maybe i should be careful what i write here so i do n't consequently find myself in something more like a brother 's grimm tale . -rrb- 
 at any rate , i kind of feel lost in a story where i 'm pretty sure i should know the plot but your silence causes it to elude me . 
 if you want to talk , you can find me at lunch but you do n't have to if you do n't want to . 
 later , me may 13 you : how are you ? 
 obviously you know that we have n't talked in awhile but i got your thank you note for the plate of cookies i brought for you and your girlfriends at lunch . 
 it seems like maybe you wo n't be sitting with me at lunch anymore and i can handle that . 
 -lrb- after all , it 's been two weeks since we 've eaten together although i prefer we still ate as friends -rrb- . 
 i do n't want to be a third wheel with you and your girlfriends so i 've decided to sit with the guys i 'm studying science with . 
 but if you ever want to just hang out after school sometime , you know how to reach me . 
 hope you have a great day today ! 
 later , me may 17 you : i was surprised to get your note yesterday . 
 am i angry with you ? 
 not at all . 
 if you do n't want to talk with me , it 's a free country so you do n't have to . 
 you also asked , `` does it seem strange that i like some secret admirer i 've never met ? '' 
 not really . 
 you like this secret admirer guy because apparently something in his notes really `` clicks '' with you . 
 but maybe he stopped writing you as a secret admirer because he 's a decent guy that does n't want this to be like those creepy guys on the internet that approach you online -lrb- red flag # 1 -rrb- and have all of these nice things to say to you , all of these romantic things -lrb- red flag # 2 -rrb- and then they convince you that meeting them face to face is a safe idea even though their main goal is to eventually get you totally alone with them -- leading you away from any public place so no one else sees what they are about to do to you -lrb- red flag # 3 -rrb- since they ultimately turn out to be violent criminals that kidnap you , rape or kill you . 
 so just stick to associating with real good guys that do n't try to lure you to be alone with them to harm you . 
 your intuition would give you a bad feeling that makes you uncomfortable about where a bad guy is leading you . 
 listen to and follow your intuition more than what they say to you and you 'll have better chances for staying safe . 
 you know that i know who your secret admirer really is . 
 so i can tell you that he 's not a creep but he is actually a really good guy . 
 but i also know that he wants to have a less secretive side to the whole getting-to-know you courtship thing . 
 in other words , i think he figured that he needs to be less secretive with his notes to you so that maybe you 'll like him for who he really is without having to have secret , romantic notes being slipped into what should be the privacy of your locker . 
 -lrb- i mean , really . 
 what in the world is somebody else doing in your locker ? 
 that really is n't a `` normal '' way to court someone . -rrb- 
 but you can like whomever you want and you can be my friend or not . 
 -lrb- or be more than my friend as the dating offer still stands . 
 i 'd still like to take you to dinner sometime -- if you wo n't stand me up this time . -rrb- 
 just think about it . 
 he 's a good guy that 's trying to be less creepy in how he pursues possibly dating you more `` out in the open . '' 
 and i still would like to take you out on a date sometime . 
 let me know what you think . 
 later , me may 21 you : i give up . 
 i 'm going to talk to him and see if i can persuade him to tell you who he is . 
 just remember . 
 you 're the one that wanted to know . 
 you 're the one that pushed him to tell you . 
 so if you do n't like what you see -- if he tells you -- then it wo n't be all his fault . 
 and if you find that he 's not the person you had hoped for ... please let him down easy . 
 later , me -lsb- last anonymous note put in your locker . -rsb- 
 may 27 i understand you want to meet me face to face and know once and for all who i am . 
 your wish will be granted . 
 meet me at venus park across from the fountain this thursday may 30th at 4 pm and i 'll be there with a heart that beats just for you . 
 it 's a public park so there should be plenty of other people there if you have any safety concerns -lrb- as most smart girls like yourself wisely do -rrb- . 
 i 'll be wearing a purple shirt , a black n white checkered tie , dark jeans and black and white checkered tennis shoes and there will be a very large sign of my love for you . 
 -lrb- do n't worry . 
 i usually dress much better at school . 
 i just want to make sure my outfit is unique enough so you know you 're meeting the right guy . 
 plus my black-n-white checkered clothes will match your super cool alex opalstone back pack . -rrb- 
 love , your secret admirer ... bleating out light filled with ... -lsb- you go to venus park and look for him across from the fountain . 
 several other people are there . 
 some people are throwing frisbees and walking dogs . 
 others are having a picnic . 
 as you stand there looking around for him , suddenly you see a large twenty foot wide canvas poster drop down like a large scroll opening to reveal a message with large print that cascades down at least thirty feet . 
 the print is being typed live and projected onto the screen in real time . 
 it reads :] may 30 `` simply because '' come with me and i 'll show you night skies of stars that grow the reddest roses their long stems of light dipping their fragrant petals that bloom and grow into earth 's gravity they gently flow while spilling earthbound bulbs of fire into the night i 'm being careful to avoid the thorny paths of lust fearing to awaken within you the lion that slumbers in your soul roaring out power greater than a stormy ocean out of control only for it to switch places with the lamb awakening within my own bleating out light filled with songs of peace we 'd once known being reborn between the mountain of your virtue and the lake of your love i 'll watch for the snowfall of our start to melt into the replenishment for the reservoirs of my heart will nourish the growing timbers of tenderness that steep themselves in the heaven sent rains of peace and light throughout the forest of our love as birds sing a celebratory chorus by flight sometimes the world within my heart is as a volcano that shoots out the whitest light spilling lava that freezes into a sea of glass that receives the suns rays translating the bright white into sparkling colors of the rainbow for more heavenly days and yet sometimes my soul peers out of the window to watch as the stars shimmer across the ocean in the night the two worlds blend sinking the light of the stars to swim through the ocean deep awakening a part of my soul once buried by sleep passing swimming stars reveal the liquid purple fire that hides in the black coral reef not far from the glowing fluorescent mists that court a new belief that the shadows in the seas of a night ruled by lust drown out every lightning rod of righteous desire so i must use all of my brawn along with prayerful help from heaven 's love to draw the stars back to their proper places in the night sky above long before the last night wind ushers in the dawn . 
 come with me and i 'll show you all of this a preliminary to what may be our first kiss but only if this is what you truly wish but all of these written imaginations can not compare to the wondrous , beautiful reality of creation when god created you because your beauty like the fire purifies my every desire in the flickering of your flame drives within me my rush to tame the lion of my lust for your loveliness is indeed worthy even the worth of your very soul so great the lamb of love shields you and guards you with the most unbreakable breastplate heaven has to offer from the highest treasures of its protective coffers yes -- your body , your face , your eyes are picture perfect brought to life that will grace the heart and soul of the man who someday you give the privileged honor to call you his beloved wife yes , i repeat with every heartbeat your body , your face , your eyes are picture perfect brought to life that will grace the heart and soul of the man who someday you give the privileged honor to call you his beloved wife and in the depths of these my feelings the question my heart keeps beating is will you say `` i do '' feel enough of the same for me and all of this even without a first kiss simply because i love you ? 
 chapter 10 : the june chapter june 1 you : well , you gave me your answer . 
 to tell you the truth , i was n't sure if i should just come out from behind the screen or to type my name to tell you it was me . 
 but thankfully as the cursor remained next to the question mark and began to blink , you made the bold choice to see who was behind the scenes of this lover 's masquerade . 
 when you walked up behind me i 'm sure it was obvious to you how nervous i was as i paused and stared anxiously at my laptop screen . 
 if i had known then that what was coming next would be the greatest first kiss of my life then i would have come out sooner . 
 so as we begin this new chapter of our lives i will forever look forward to that look in your eyes of a love that 's true and someday i will ask someone that is a lot like you the important question that carries a ring a ring that sounds like `` will you marry me ? '' 
 but until the time is right , for me and for you the question of `` would you like to go with me to the prom or out to dinner and a movie with me again friday night ? '' 
 will have to do . 
 yes , someday i will ask of a love that 's true `` will you marry me ? '' 
 and maybe someday i will ask that ... hopefully to you . 
 love , your not so secret admirer : me ### thank you for reading my ebook . 
 not many authors can claim their book has been downloaded over 1,000,000 times but i 'm looking forward to seeing that happen for me thanks to more readers like you telling friends and family how much you love this ebook . 
 thanks for enjoying spreading words of praise about this beloved free ebook . 
 q. t. valentine cast of characters me = a guy you know who you see as a teen heartthrob at your school . 
 you = you -lrb- a female that attends high school with me -rrb- . 
 your secret admirer = me -lrb- but you do n't know it 's really me until you know it 's me -rrb- . 
 about q. t. valentine : who is q.t. valentine ? 
 someone who has received many love letters and written many love letters and has come away learning that no matter how good looking someone is , no matter how confident or popular , everyone has his and her own insecurities in love which are bound to emerge at some point for the purpose of emotional growth and securing mature resolutions for greater harmony and unity in love before we move onto the heavenly days that can come in what most of us call the `` happily ever after '' ending . 
