 unfiltered and undressed payge galvin and katy west copyright © 2014 payge galvin all rights reserved smashwords edition , license notes this ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only . 
 this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people . 
 if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient . 
 if you 're reading this book and did not purchase it , or it was not purchased for your use only , then please return to smashwords.com and purchase your own copy . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 table of contents chapter one chapter two chapter three chapter four chapter five chapter six chapter seven chapter eight chapter nine chapter ten chapter eleven chapter twelve chapter thirteen chapter fourteen chapter one allie first there was sex , and then came death . 
 a little of each turned out to be more than enough on the night of the shooting at the coffee cave , but my real problem was that i could n't remember how either of them came to happen , thanks to the miracle of vodka . 
 i remember going to the club , and i remember the promise i made to my best friend , violet . 
 and i remember really intending to keep that promise for once -- right up until the moment i did n't . 
 what i do n't remember is walking out to the alley behind the club . 
 i do n't remember the name or face of the guy who led me there . 
 but what i do remember thinking as i was pressed against the brick wall with my skirt hiked up to my hips , numb from the inside out thanks to lots and lots of vodka , was that he wanted me , and i really wanted to be wanted . 
 everyone wants to be wanted . 
 right ? 
 everyone except violet . 
 she just wanted to go home , where everything she ever saw , or felt , or did fit into neat little boxes , which she was perfectly in control over , all the time , so that she never had to make a mistake or live in the moment , even just a little bit . 
 living in the moment was my thing -- especially if that moment was drenched in alcohol and primed for oblivion . 
 but if i 'd learned anything since the moment we left the club for the coffee shop down the street , it was that some moments were never meant to be lived in ... *** arizona in june is killer -- hot enough to melt you where you stand -- and violet 's foot-dragging was n't helping that . 
 `` please get out of the car , vi , '' i said , glancing over my shoulder at the front of the new beginnings rehab facility . 
 `` in three minutes , i 'll be nothing but a puddle of sweat on the sidewalk . '' 
 `` this is your fault , '' she snapped , pushing long blond hair over her shoulder from the passenger 's seat . 
 `` you should be checking in here . 
 you 're the drunk , and we both know it . '' 
 `` i heard you the first four thousand times , and i 'm still very , very sorry . 
 but your parents are the ones who put you here . '' 
 they 'd sworn they would disown her -- totally cut her off , financially and emotionally -- if she did n't go to rehab . 
 bastards . 
 `` i just drove because ... because i still have my license . '' 
 `` you did not just ... '' violet 's mouth fell open in disbelief , and the rest of her protest melted into the tucson heat . 
 okay , i should n't have added that last part . 
 she was already madder than i 'd ever seen her . 
 ever . 
 but she was stalling , and i was broiling . 
 `` what color were the dead guy 's shoes ? '' 
 violet demanded softly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i frowned and pushed dark strands of hair back from my face . 
 i did n't want to think about the dead guy , and what the hell did his shoes matter , anyway ? 
 `` what color were his shoes ? 
 you remember everything from that night , right ? 
 so you remember his blood spreading all over the coffee shop tile like an oil slick . 
 you remember watching those black snakeskin boots through the crematory window as they melted and burned . 
 you remember checking the crematory tray for chunks of the body that might not have been incinerated . 
 you remember all of that , right ? '' 
 `` um ... '' i closed my eyes , certain the sun was frying my brain through my skull while i desperately tried to access the memories she was asking about . 
 images and sounds i still had n't quite pieced together , but she obviously could n't make herself forget . 
 `` i remember holding your hair back . '' 
 and feeling really guilty that i 'd let her get that drunk . 
 that i had n't noticed how much she was drinking , because i 'd been drinking too . 
 `` and two people were kissing on the floor . 
 a redhead and guy in a leather jacket . 
 i remember my shoes , because they were really your shoes , and i remember coffee beans crunching beneath them . 
 you almost fell , but i ca n't remember whether that was because of the beans or the blood . 
 but i 'm sure the dead guy was wearing brown hiking boots . '' 
 `` you almost fell , but i caught you . 
 and they were black snakeskin boots , '' violet snapped . 
 `` the girl on the floor had blond dreds , and the guy she was kissing wore a suit jacket , not a leather jacket . 
 but honestly , i 'm surprised you remember being there at all , considering how drunk you were . 
 well , i fucking do remember it . 
 i remember all of it , because it 's seared into my brain . 
 i have nightmares about it almost every night . 
 i have anxiety attacks every time i walk into my own family 's business . 
 i will carry that around with me for the rest of my life . 
 and it 's your fault . 
 as usual . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm a total bitch , '' i admitted , hauling her giant suitcase from the trunk with a grunt . 
 `` and you 're saying ` fuck ' a lot more lately , by the way . 
 but the truth is that you are n't here because you drank , or because i drank . 
 you 're here because you drove , and i know you had a really good reason , even if the specifics are a little hazy ... . '' 
 `` a little hazy ? '' 
 violet grumbled , as i slammed the trunk . 
 `` we 're not talking about my problems right now . 
 the fact is that regardless of how and why it happened , you got caught drinking and driving . '' 
 i shrugged at her in the side view mirror , then lifted her enormous bag and penguin-walked to the front of the car with it . 
 `` but i 'm on your side here , vi . 
 i will gladly haul this bag of boulders back into the trunk and drive you wherever you want to go . 
 you do n't have to stay here . 
 the court said ` therapy . ' 
 your parents are the ones who decided on in-patient rehab , but they 're not the boss of you anymore . 
 you 're twenty-one years old . 
 you have the money . 
 you can walk away any time you want . '' 
 `` i ca n't just ... ahhhgh ! '' 
 violet bit off a growl of frustration and leaned with both arms folded over the open passenger 's side window . 
 `` they 're my family , allie . 
 you may not care about yours , but i care about mine , and i care what they think of me . 
 if i do n't stay , i wo n't have anyone to go home to ... i wo n't have anybody . '' 
 i tried to look like her words did n't sting . 
 `` you 'll have me . '' 
 violet frowned up at me , squinting into the sun shining behind my head . 
 `` that 's not enough for me . 
 this is n't enough for me anymore , allie . 
 i ca n't spend the rest of my life cleaning up after you any more than i can spend it without my family . 
 i have to stay . '' 
 i shrugged , though my shoulders could hardly move beneath the weight of her bag . 
 `` that 's your call . '' 
 violet had always been a rule follower . 
 she 'd never even been drunk until her twenty-first birthday , and personally , i blame her complete inexperience for the fact that she could n't hold her liquor . 
 `` honestly , it could be a lot worse , vi . '' 
 she could be in jail . 
 `` do n't ... how can you even ... ? '' 
 violet groaned and finally got out of the car . 
 `` this could not possibly be worse . '' 
 she slammed the door and marched toward the front of the building , leaving me alone on the sidewalk with a suitcase that weighed more than both of us combined . 
 `` do n't worry ! '' 
 i called after her . 
 `` i got the bag ! '' 
 i did n't realize her suitcase had a broken wheel until i tried to pull it down the sidewalk and it fell over onto the yellow concrete wheel-stop in an empty parking space . 
 `` damn it ! '' 
 i stepped off the curb and was reaching for the suitcase handle when a car pulled into the spot and screeched to a stop inches from my nose . 
 i screamed and fell backward , stumbling over my own wedge-heeled sandals and violet 's suitcase , and my elbow smacked the curb . 
 the car door flew open as i gritted my teeth against the pain in my arm , and a shadow fell over my face . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i did n't see you . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 i looked up at the outline of a man 's head , backlit by the sun . 
 `` um ... '' `` here . '' 
 he pulled me up in one smooth , strong movement , and his face came into focus . 
 and suddenly shock was n't the reason i could n't speak . 
 he was gorgeous . 
 deep brown eyes , heavily lashed , below short-cropped brown hair . 
 his arms bulged beneath the snug sleeves of a tee stretched tight across a sculpted chest , and his mouth was ... my hand tightened around his before i realized what i was doing . 
 his mouth was ... yum . 
 a mouth like that was wasted on speech . 
 it was meant for something much ... naughtier . 
 i dropped his hand , suddenly embarrassed by how long i 'd held it , and how much like a total drooling moron i must look . 
 `` here . 
 let me get that . '' 
 he pulled violet 's suitcase onto the sidewalk as if it weighed nothing , muscles shifting beneath his shirt , bunching at his shoulders , bulging beneath his sleeves . 
 he was completely cut , and if i could tell that with his shirt on , what might he look like without it ... ? 
 my gaze wandered over the expanse of taut cotton and my thoughts lost focus . 
 `` checking in ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i blinked and looked up into his eyes . 
 i could n't even remember what i was doing on the sidewalk . 
 `` you 're checking in ? 
 to the clinic ? '' 
 he gestured behind me , and i twisted to see the entrance to new beginnings . 
 the main building was a large , squat hacienda-style structure , with spanish accents , dominated by a capped turret taking up most of the front . 
 smaller buildings trailed behind the main complex , like fat little mushrooms growing out of the desert sand , and i had the sudden , irrational certainty that vi 's new neighbors were drunk smurfs . 
 brainy and smurfette had always sounded a little tipsy to me anyway . 
 `` oh . 
 no . 
 my friend violet . 
 she ... has problems . '' 
 evidently i 'd been one of those problems since the beginning of time . 
 `` do they include abandoning her friends in parking lots ? '' 
 `` today ? 
 yes . '' 
 not that i could blame her . 
 `` but to be fair , she had no idea i was about to be run down . '' 
 his lips turned up and his eyes shined . 
 he was laughing at me . 
 `` you were n't very easy to see down there . '' 
 `` her suitcase fell , and it weighs a ton . 
 i think she may have stuffed a few gallons of vodka in there with her fuzzy socks and padded bras . '' 
 he laughed and the sound drew my focus back to his face . 
 `` sounds like she 's come to the right place . 
 i 'm noah . '' 
 he held his hand out again , and this time when i took it , the contact lingered , and i forgot about the sun , and the heat , and my throbbing elbow . 
 `` i 'm allie . 
 are you ... checking in ? '' 
 `` just visiting . 
 my sister is ... well , if rehab were an airline , this stay would be free with her frequent flyer miles . '' 
 `` allison ! '' 
 i looked up to see violet scowling at me from the entrance , holding the glass door open with one hand . 
 `` oh , now you 're in a hurry ! '' 
 i was n't sure she 'd heard me , but she let the door close behind her . 
 noah reached for the suitcase . 
 `` let me . '' 
 `` you do n't have to -- '' `` i 'm kind of afraid that if i do n't , you 'll fall in front of another car , and your death will be on my head . '' 
 before i could argue again , he lifted violet 's suitcase and gestured for me to precede him on the sidewalk . 
 i shook my head and gave him a go-ahead wave -- then i followed two steps behind , enjoying the view . 
 *** `` see ? '' 
 i said , rolling violet 's broken suitcase across the marble floor . 
 `` it does n't even look like a rehab . 
 it 's like a fancy hotel . 
 and they have spa services and equine therapy . 
 all you have to do is go to meetings and participate in therapy , and you can get facials and massages and pedicures ! 
 and swim and ride horses ! 
 it will be like a thirty-day vacation ! '' 
 `` a thirty-day vacation , from which there is no escape , '' violet mumbled , and i could n't exactly argue . 
 there was no way i 'd ever check myself into rehab , no matter how posh the facilities . 
 `` i 'm trying to do you a favor here , violet . '' 
 i opened my shoulder bag to show her stacks of hundred dollar bills stuffed inside . 
 violet 's eyes widened . 
 she closed the clasp on the bag , then shoved it back under my arm . 
 `` and i convinced your parents to let me use my share of the money to foot the bill at this place , so do n't tell me i do n't care . 
 i 'm paying the twenty thousand dollar deposit now , and i 'll pay the rest after you finish the program -- which i 'm sure you 'll do , because you 're awesome and i have faith in you . '' 
 `` how did you talk my parents into that ? 
 and where do they think you got the money ? '' 
 `` i told them i won some big lottery scratch-offs , '' i said with a shrug . 
 her parents hated me even more now that they believed the universe was rewarding me for being such a bad influence on their little angel . 
 `` i ca n't believe they bought that . 
 i ca n't believe you told them that . 
 you 're all insane . '' 
 violet sighed . 
 `` i am the only sane person here . 
 in a rehab . '' 
 i sucked in a deep breath , trying to rein in my temper . 
 `` okay , you may not be an alcoholic , but you are having night terrors and anxiety attacks . 
 you 're clearly traumatized by what went down that night in the coffee cave and you obviously need some sort of therapy , violet , so why not just get it here ? 
 on my dime . 
 you 're worth the investment , vi . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 her gaze was firm , but her voice was steel . 
 `` but this is the last stop on the violet-allie crazy train . 
 i ca n't do it anymore . 
 i wo n't let you do this to me again . 
 if you want there to be any chance of us ever being friends again , things are going to have to change . '' 
 then she sighed and glanced around the new beginnings lobby . 
 `` i tell you what . 
 i 'll stay here and get help for my ` problems -- '' ' even her air quotes looked angry . 
 `` -- if you get help for yours . '' 
 the sudden screeching of my mental brakes was deafening . 
 `` i have n't had a drink all week . 
 i do n't black out anymore . 
 i know my limits now . 
 i do n't need help . '' 
 `` awesome . 
 getting so drunk that i had to cremate the body of a guy whose shooting we witnessed is your limit . 
 it 's good that you know that now . '' 
 her sarcasm actually stung . 
 `` would you please pipe down ? '' 
 i clapped my hand over her mouth , but violet shook me off . 
 `` and technically , we did n't witness the shooting . 
 we just overheard it . '' 
 that technicality was very important to me , and to the sleep i hoped to continue to enjoy . 
 `` you did n't treat the addiction , allie , '' she insisted . 
 `` i 'm not saying you have n't made progress . 
 but you 're still drinking , which means you still have n't realized how completely fucked up your behavior is . '' 
 her gaze hardened and her voice dropped into a fierce conspiratorial whisper . 
 `` we 're not even supposed to be in contact anymore . 
 you 're breaking the rules just by talking to me . 
 you always break the rules , and if you want me to ever speak to you again , you have to swear right here and now that you 'll get help . '' 
 she glanced around the beige-and-blue tiled lobby . 
 `` otherwise , once you walk out that door , you 'll never see me again . '' 
 she pointed at the fancy double glass doors , and my heart suddenly felt horribly , unbearably heavy . 
 violet was serious . 
 i knew better than to object . 
 aloud , anyway . 
 `` therapy ? '' 
 i said , and she nodded firmly . 
 `` that 's the deal . 
 i want you to stop leaning on crutches and face your problems . 
 i want you to commit to something and actually follow through with it for the first time in your fucked up life . 
 i want you to grow up , allie . 
 and after today , you have to stay away from me until i get out of here . '' 
 she wagged her finger in my face , and i leaned back to avoid it . 
 `` you know the rules . '' 
 rules . 
 i 'm not good with rules . 
 do n't drink until you 're twenty-one . 
 do n't have sex until you 're married . 
 do n't feed the gremlins after midnight . 
 rules always sound more like dares to me , but they 'd worked for violet , until i 'd let her down on her birthday . 
 until i 'd dragged her into the situation that led to her driving drunk , disposing of a corpse , and potentially losing her entire family . 
 i could n't let her down again . 
 she was all i had left . 
 `` you want me to pinkie promise ? '' 
 i held out the smallest finger on my right hand , grinning to make light , but she only scowled at it . 
 `` i want you to look me in the eye and tell me you 'll get therapy . 
 your word 's good enough . '' 
 `` because you trust me ? '' 
 `` because you ca n't lie for shit , allie . 
 my parents must have been desperate to believe your lottery story . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 i closed my eyes and took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'll get therapy . '' 
 `` you swear ? 
 you have to follow through and get therapy in an actual recognized therapy program , not from some guy in a van who promises you that the pretty crystals you 're paying three hundred dollars for will cure you of all your negative energy . '' 
 `` those were ethically mined from mongolia , vi ! 
 also , they matched my eyes , and if that 's not good retail therapy , i do n't know what is . '' 
 but violet only rolled her eyes and continued as if i had n't spoken . 
 `` and you have to finish the program , just like i will . '' 
 `` i will . 
 start to finish . 
 we 'll do it together . 
 i swear on our friendship . '' 
 i could think of no more solemn vow . 
 `` thanks , allie . '' 
 she looked skeptical , but at least a little relieved . 
 i pulled her into a hug , then wandered around the large lobby , eavesdropping on the other loser addicts while my best friend signed up to get cured . 
 `` so when do the cravings stop ? '' 
 one woman asked a man in torn jeans , as they sipped coffee from styrofoam cups . 
 `` never , '' he said , and she looked like she might cry . 
 `` so what 's with this group session ? '' 
 a teenager wearing too much eyeliner whined to the girl standing next to her , across from the vending machines . 
 `` i do n't want to hear what 's wrong with these assholes . 
 i do n't see what their problems have to do with mine . '' 
 she was clearly a bitch , so i wandered closer to noah , whom i 'd spotted leaning against the wall with the sole of one shoe propped against it . 
 a girl sat in the chair across from him and i started to ask if she was his sister . 
 then i noticed how she was staring at him -- as if he were dinner and she were starving -- and i realized they were not siblings . 
 and suddenly i hoped she was a patient so that when he left , she could n't possibly go with him . 
 `` seriously , '' the girl said while she fiddled with the magnetic latch on her knockoff purse . 
 `` it 's the best therapy i 've ever had . 
 and the campus location is so convenient . '' 
 `` i 'm glad it 's working for you , crystal , '' noah said , biceps straining against the short sleeves of his cardinals tee . 
 `` it helps to think someone else might learn from my mistakes . 
 it certainly took me long enough to . '' 
 therapy ? 
 on campus ? 
 with noah ? 
 i glanced at the front desk , where violet was still filling out forms . 
 she wanted me to get help . 
 i 'd be betraying her trust if i did n't sign up for therapy at the earliest possible opportunity , right ? 
 `` hey , when does your group meet ? '' 
 i asked , sinking onto the arm of an empty chair in their grouping , completely ignoring crystal , who turned to me with flames practically shooting from her eyes . 
 `` allie , right ? '' 
 noah said , and when he looked at me , the rest of the world seemed to fade away , as if nothing else existed . 
 nothing other than his brown eyes and the fluttery tingles they stirred deep in my chest . 
 i nodded . 
 `` allison daniels . '' 
 `` you go to asu rio verde ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'm a senior . '' 
 almost . 
 i was only six credit hours shy , thanks to those classes i 'd had to drop the semester before . 
 eight a.m. and hangovers are a bad combination . 
 `` great . 
 we meet on thursdays at four . 
 in conference room c , at the student center . '' 
 `` and you lead the meetings ? '' 
 i could certainly spend an hour a week staring into those eyes , listening to him talk about himself . 
 maybe therapy would n't be so bad after all . 
 `` usually . 
 we spend a lot of time focusing on self-discipline and resisting temptation during the summer session . '' 
 self-discipline . 
 check . 
 temptation . 
 double check . 
 something told me noah had lots to say on the subject of temptation , and with the proper motivation , i could be a very good student . 
 `` is it okay if i join ? '' 
 a tingle shot up my spine at the lingering eye contact . 
 `` if you 're serious about committing to the program , we 'd love to have you . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm serious . 
 i 'm really , really serious about following through with things . 
 i 'm kind of turning over a new leaf . '' 
 thanks to violet . 
 `` great . 
 we 'll see you tomorrow at four , allie . '' 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 i gave him my best deep-eye-contact smile , then headed back to check on violet . 
 i could practically feel his gaze on my backside as he watched me go . 
 score one for therapy . 
 later on ? 
 score one for allie ... chapter two noah i knew from the moment she walked away from me , hips swaying in those little pink shorts , that i 'd probably never see allison daniels again . 
 girls like allie joined sororities and partied with rich frat boys . 
 she would n't come to the meeting . 
 and that was probably for the best . 
 i would n't be able to remember my own name with her staring up at me from the front row , like a lollypop in the window of a candy store , when i 'd sworn off sugar . 
 still ... a man could window-shop , right ? 
 there 'd never been a more tempting morsel than allie daniels in those candy-pink shorts . 
 half the room was staring . 
 if i could have thought of a reasonable excuse to call her back , i would have . 
 `` noah , '' crystal said . 
 i blinked , then realized she 'd said my name at least twice . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` they 're calling you . '' 
 i followed her nod to where a woman in scrubs stood holding a clipboard , looking right at me . 
 i followed the new beginnings aide through a door into the body of the facility , where i waited at a table in the day room , in the same chair i 'd occupied for the past two wednesday afternoons in a row . 
 `` emily ! 
 you look so much better ! '' 
 i stood when my sister stepped into the day room , narrow shoulders hunched beneath limp blond hair . 
 i felt guilty for the little white lie until her lips turned up at the corners and her eyes shined . 
 when emily smiled , her entire face lit up , and like magic , my lie became the truth . 
 my sister , the magician , ladies and gentlemen . 
 she 'd been pulling rabbits out of hats and wool over eyes for as long as i 'd known her , but that was nothing compared to the slow-motion disappearing act she 'd been perfecting for the better part of a decade . 
 i pulled her into a hug but stopped short of a good squeeze because emily felt like a bag of bones in my arms , even beneath several layers of sweaters and a hoodie . 
 i wanted to ask if she was eating , but that was n't one of the things we discussed during my visits . 
 we talked about safe things ; i left therapy to the therapists . 
 `` thanks for the books , '' she said as she sank into the chair i 'd pulled out for her . 
 `` did you bring any more ? '' 
 i glanced at her in astonishment . 
 `` i sent eight last week . '' 
 `` i finished the last one yesterday . '' 
 she shrugged and pushed a thin strand of nearly colorless hair back from her face . 
 `` there is n't much else to do in here . '' 
 `` what about horseback riding ? 
 and massages ? '' 
 her mom and stepdad were paying a fortune for her third stay at new beginnings in five years -- they 'd always thrown money at her problems , in lieu of attention -- but most of that was wasted , because she seemed to sit in her private room all day . 
 alone . 
 another shrug . 
 `` horses hate me , and i hate massages . '' 
 but the truth was that she did n't want anyone to see how frail she was , and a massage would require her to take off at least her top three layers of clothing . 
 `` okay . 
 books it is . 
 but what about when you 're not reading ? 
 have you talked to anyone ? '' 
 she stared up at me through big brown eyes . 
 `` you do n't make friends in rehab , noah . '' 
 but the truth was that emily did n't make friends anywhere . 
 not real friends , anyway . 
 `` enough about this place . '' 
 she blinked and tossed her hair , and the effect was like erasing a white board for a fresh start . 
 `` how 's caroline ? '' 
 i let her change the subject , in part because emily did n't like to talk about herself , and in part because i never got tired of talking about my daughter . 
 `` she 's good ! 
 still beautiful , and i swear , i 'm having her tested , because i think she 's some kind of genius . 
 i 've never seen a kid sort blocks like caroline . '' 
 emily laughed , and her gaze brightened as it focused on me . 
 `` you 've never seen a kid sort blocks , other than caroline . '' 
 okay , that was true . 
 i had n't even known i had a sister until emily was thirteen , and by then she was more into boys than toys , and already well on the path to her first stay at new beginnings . 
 `` say what you will . 
 as soon as you get out of here , i 'm coming to your apartment with a toddler and a box full of plastic blocks so you can see for yourself that your niece is the most adept block-sorter the world has ever seen . '' 
 emily laughed again , and i congratulated myself on distracting her from her current crisis , even if just for a few minutes . 
 `` if the guys could see you now ... '' she teased , and her gaze dropped to the usmc tattoo peeking from beneath my left sleeve . 
 i 'd been deployed when they shipped her off to rehab the second time , and i was pretty sure neither her mom nor our dad had come to visit . 
 hell , her stepfather had probably sent a cab to pick her up when she got out . 
 `` several of the guys have kids , em . 
 a couple are even married . '' 
 `` proof that there are women out there willing to take a chance on an ex-jarhead who still has sand on his mind and ink on his arm . 
 so why do you spend every night alone ? '' 
 she looked legitimately concerned , and i could feel the visit sliding from hopeful into depressing , so i steered it back on track . 
 `` i do n't . 
 on saturday , caroline and i had pizza and watched last week 's american voice on my dvr . 
 she likes dillon , but i 'm still pulling for luke . '' 
 `` i like dillon too . 
 tell caroline she 's got good taste . '' 
 `` you 'll be able to tell her yourself in a few weeks . '' 
 her smile collapsed slowly , like a feather drifting toward the ground . 
 `` noah , piper will never let me see her after this . '' 
 her thin , widespread arms indicated the rehab center all around us . 
 frustration clenched my jaw , but i fought not to let her see that . 
 `` cara 's my daughter too , and as long as i have visitation , so do you . 
 let me deal with piper . '' 
 i never seemed to do anything but deal with piper . 
 `` she still have you leading the purity patrol ? '' 
 my sister 's voice dripped with contempt , but her eyes flashed with humor . 
 `` it 's an abstinence club , em . '' 
 emily rolled her eyes . 
 `` it 's sad , and pathetic , and unnatural . '' 
 `` unnatural ? '' 
 i could n't really argue against sad and pathetic . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 've been reading about it . '' 
 she sat straighter , and i recognized an impending lecture from the arch of her pale brows . 
 `` socially and physiologically speaking , sex is a natural act . 
 i mean , there are valid reasons the human body wants what it wants -- '' `` okay , stop right there . '' 
 i held up both hands , palms out . 
 `` i did n't give you any of those books , and i do n't want to think about you wanting -- '' `` -- and studies have shown that long-term denial of those urges can lead to lasting psychological damage , and -- '' `` what studies ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember the names of them , but they 're totally reputable . '' 
 she crossed both thin arms over her chest . 
 `` sex is natural , noah . 
 denying that serves no purpose , other than to make you miserable and lonely . 
 especially at your age and your stage of life . '' 
 `` what , like i 'm ancient ? '' 
 what could a nineteen-year-old girl possibly know about my `` stage of life ? '' 
 `` no , you 're still hot . 
 my friends are all quite vocal on the subject . '' 
 her `` friends '' were a collection of users and losers who lost interest in emily as soon as her stash ran out , and i 'd bet that not one of them could have told me em 's last name . 
 `` but you come with a toddler , a minimum wage job , and an ex who watches you like a hawk , which means you need something else to sweeten the pot . '' 
 `` sweeten the ... ? '' 
 i scrubbed both hands over my face . 
 `` speaking of unnatural , em , getting this kind of advice from my sister is pretty damn weird . '' 
 `` what 's weird is a twenty-five year old man who swears off sex . 
 you 're never going to get past the second date if you do n't give up the goods . '' 
 my brows rose and my eyes narrowed . 
 `` now that 's just sexist . 
 you 'd never say that to a girl . '' 
 `` i would n't need to . '' 
 em crossed her arms on the table between us . 
 `` most girls can get laid any time they want , which is why we have the luxury of moving on , if we 're not getting what we need from a relationship . '' 
 i groaned . 
 `` can you not use first person pronouns on your side of this profoundly uncomfortable conversation ? 
 i do n't need to know that you 've had ... relationships . '' 
 `` do n't be such a prude . '' 
 `` i 'm not a prude , i 'm your brother , which means my dna is encoded with the genetic right to beat the living shit out of any guy who even looks at you like you 're a possibility . '' 
 emily laughed , then leaned across the table to kiss my forehead . 
 she was still smiling when she sank back into her chair . 
 `` that 's why you 've only met the girls . '' 
 before i could even truly process the new potential threat to my sister 's fragile heart , her smile faded and she reached across the table for my hand . 
 `` noah . '' 
 emily tugged on my fingers until she was sure she had my complete attention . 
 `` do n't let piper do this to you . 
 she 's caroline 's mother , not yours . 
 she does n't get a say in how you live your life . '' 
 yet somehow , she did . 
 one night nearly three years ago , spent with a girl i met at a party , had resulted in the most beautiful baby i 'd ever seen and a series of hoops piper would probably make me jump through until our daughter left for college . 
 maybe even longer . 
 abstinence was only one of those hoops . 
 the narrowest , and least comfortable . 
 `` you shot at insurgents in the desert . 
 you saw people blown to bits in the street ! 
 how can one woman with a diaper bag possibly have so much control over you ? '' 
 it was n't piper . 
 i did n't care what piper did , as long as she was taking good care of our daughter . 
 caroline was the one i cared about . 
 getting to see her . 
 helping her sort blocks . 
 watching her bounce and bop every time a song she liked came on the radio or the television . 
 those were privileges my dad had n't cared to pursue with me or with emily , but i would move heaven and earth for the opportunity to watch caroline grow up . 
 i knew how to fight . 
 i 'd been fighting -- in one form or another -- for most of my life . 
 but i 'd learned early that fighting for caroline only drove piper farther away , and where the mother went , so went the child . 
 the only way to stay close to my baby girl was to jump through her mother 's vindictive , absurd hoops . 
 `` you do n't need to worry about piper . '' 
 i forced a smile for my sister 's benefit . 
 `` you just concentrate on getting well , and caroline and i will be here to pick you up as soon as they let you go . '' 
 `` promise ? '' 
 emily frowned and her focus on me intensified . 
 her hand tightened around the edge of the table between us , as if her entire existence depended upon my answer , and i wanted to strangle her parents -- all three of them -- for teaching her over and over again that everyone you love will eventually let you down . 
 `` on my life , em . 
 i 'll be here . '' 
 i was nothing , if not a man of my word . 
 *** the lobby was nearly empty when i left emily an hour later . 
 other than staff , the only person in the room was a brunette standing at the front desk , her elbows resting on the high counter while she chatted with an employee whose name badge read `` gerald . '' 
 her shorts were what caught my attention first . 
 they were short , and pink , and the phone peeking out of her back left pocket did little to mar the shape of her ass . 
 long legs stretched from beneath scant inches of pink denim , tan and toned from her thighs all the way to the pink polka-dotted pedicure peeking out from the end of a pair of wedge-heeled sandals . 
 allie daniels . 
 i could have stared all day . 
 `` but what if she needs -- '' `` miss daniels , '' gerald said , each syllable short and clipped in irritation . 
 `` your friend will be just fine . 
 this is a very reputable facility , and we will see to her every need . 
 but visiting hours are over . 
 you do n't have to go home -- '' `` but you ca n't stay here . 
 i know . '' 
 her shoulders fell in defeat . 
 `` allie ? '' 
 i called , and she turned , startled , until her focus found me . 
 then she smiled and tugged her purse strap -- a thin metal chain -- higher on her shoulder . 
 `` hey . 
 noah , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 is something wrong ? '' 
 i glanced past her at the guy behind the counter , who was using eyebrow acrobatics to silently plead with me to help get rid of her . 
 `` no , i just ... i hate to leave her here . '' 
 allie glanced at the locked door leading into the body of the rehab center . 
 `` your friend ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 violet . '' 
 she stepped closer , her forehead furrowed . 
 `` it 's kind of my fault she 's here , and leaving feels like abandoning her . '' 
 `` this is n't your fault . '' 
 i pointed to the door , for clarity . 
 `` you do n't understand -- '' `` i do n't have to . 
 violet 's an adult , right ? '' 
 i said , and she shrugged . 
 `` more adult than i am , anyway . '' 
 `` did you physically hold her down and pour alcohol down her throat ? '' 
 `` well , no , but -- '' `` did you threaten her with harm , physical or otherwise ? 
 did you hold a gun to her head ? '' 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 she looked startled by the mention of a gun . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` then she caused her own problems , and the people here can help her much better than you can . '' 
 they 'd helped my sister over and over , but that was n't exactly a shining recommendation , so i decided not to mention it . 
 `` blaming yourself wo n't help your friend recover from addiction . '' 
 allie blinked . 
 then her frown faded and her mouth turned up at the corners . 
 `` you seem pretty sure of that . '' 
 `` this is familiar territory for me , '' i admitted , and she seemed relieved to hear it . 
 `` can i walk you to your car ? 
 gerald probably has a lot to get done before the end of his shift , '' i said , with a glance at the man behind the counter . 
 he nodded , obviously relieved . 
 `` yeah . 
 okay . '' 
 we both headed for the exit , but i got there in time to hold the door open for her with one hand . 
 her pink-clad hip brushed my knuckles as she stepped out onto the sidewalk , and an ache awoke deep and low inside me . 
 it was a familiar longing -- one i 'd been living with for years -- but then she twisted to smile at me over her shoulder , looking up at me through thick , dark lashes , and that vague yearning became an all-encompassing need -- an involuntary urge my body seemed helpless to resist -- as if i were suffocating , and allie daniels stood naked in front of me , taunting me with the world 's sexiest oxygen mask . 
 i was almost relieved when she turned to walk a step ahead , so she could n't see just how close i 'd come to losing control , after barely brushing the waistband of her shorts . 
 her very short , very pink -- did i mention they were short ? 
 -- shorts . 
 how would that look , hardly an hour after i 'd told her how seriously we take self-control and restraint at the meeting she 'd asked to join ? 
 if she knew how close i was to bumping into her accidentally-on-purpose , just for another brief second of contact with that seductive pink cotton , she 'd never believe i could help her resist temptation and craving . 
 my fingers twitched , and i could practically feel the material beneath them already . 
 it would be soft -- i could tell from how the denim hugged her shape -- and if i ran my fingers crossways over the grain , i 'd hear my short nails scratch across the texture . 
 then i would squeeze , and allie would gasp a little . 
 she would make soft , breathy noises ; i knew that from her sigh when george had asked her to leave . 
 and maybe she 'd put her hand over mine . 
 maybe she 'd move my hand for me , and then it would n't be my fault if the touch lingered , because who was i to deny a woman what she wanted ? 
 especially a woman i 'd nearly run over with my car . 
 i mean , i kind of owed her , for that alone ... i could almost see the apology i 'd write . 
 so sorry i almost ran you over . 
 please let me work off the debt in orgasms . 
 why did n't hallmark make a card for that ? 
 i shook my head , trying to jar the image of her pink-denim-clad ass from my memory . 
 what the hell was wrong with me ? 
 i saw women every day in class , at work , walking across campus , but i 'd never been so tempted to reach out and touch one that my hand trembled with the effort to resist . 
 emily was right . 
 i was pathetic . 
 `` so , how long has your sister been here ? '' 
 allie asked , and i shoved my hands in my pockets as we walked , so she could n't see them shake . 
 and so they could n't reach for her , all on their own . 
 also , to help disguise the bulge in the front of my pants . 
 this is not happening . 
 i felt like a twelve-year-old boy in the girls ' locker room . 
 her shorts were the problem . 
 they were too short , and too pink , and too ... incredibly hard not to touch . 
 no man could resist her in those shorts . 
 `` noah ? '' 
 she said , and i looked up to find allie frowning at me . 
 `` your sister ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 she 's been in two weeks . 
 this time . '' 
 `` this time ? '' 
 `` it 's her third go-round . '' 
 that 's right . 
 think about family . 
 rehab . 
 slogging through the desert in full chem . 
 warfare gear , sweating into a gas mask . 
 `` the first was when she was fourteen . '' 
 allie 's brows rose , and her gaze filled with sympathy . 
 `` well , they say the third time 's a charm . '' 
 i shrugged , which probably looked strange with my hands still in my pockets . 
 `` i hope they 're right . '' 
 but i had my doubts . 
 emily 's problems were many and varied . 
 and deep-seated . 
 `` but i 'm sure your friend wo n't need to come back . '' 
 `` she wo n't . 
 violet does n't really belong here anyway . 
 i 'm the one with the problem . 
 but with any luck , you and your group can help me with that . '' 
 `` you -- ? '' 
 i stared , hoping i 'd heard her wrong . 
 `` wait , you want to come to the meetings because you 're ... addicted ? '' 
 `` they say admitting you have a problem is the first step toward recovery . '' 
 allie gave me an embarrassed little smile , and i lost what little progress i 'd made downgrading my erection from `` open immediately '' to `` save for later . '' 
 she licked her lips -- pink and shiny from lip-gloss -- and i almost groaned out loud . 
 `` think your group can help me with that ? '' 
 screw the group . 
 i wanted to help her myself . 
 i really , really wanted to help her . 
 but something told me that the only thing more difficult than honoring my own pledge of celibacy would be helping allison daniels honor hers . 
 unfortunately , abstinence is n't really a hands-on kind of project . 
 `` addiction does n't really fall within our realm of expertise . 
 we 're not doctors or therapists . 
 we 're just a group of students with a common goal -- helping one another stand strong in the face of temptation . '' 
 damn it . 
 i sounded like a recruitment brochure for losers anonymous . 
 minus the anonymity . 
 there was no way she 'd actually show up for the meeting . 
 thank goodness . 
 how could i help her resist her urges when i could hardly control my own , with her standing so close ? 
 `` that 's exactly what i need , '' she said , and i nearly tripped over my own feet in surprise . 
 she stopped walking and turned to stare up at me on the sidewalk , five feet from where our cars were still parked side by side . 
 `` i always start off strong . 
 i tell myself i do n't need it . 
 the cravings will pass . 
 but then i 'll go to a party , where everyone else is doing it , and i think it wo n't hurt , just this once , even though i know i should n't give in , because i 'm not good with boundaries and limits . 
 once i start , i just keep going until i can hardly walk . '' 
 i nearly choked on my own tongue . 
 she was temptation personified . 
 how come no one ever mentioned how good satan looks in tiny pink shorts ? 
 `` wait , until you literally ca n't walk ? '' 
 i said , and she nodded , staring up at me with big innocent-looking blue eyes that seemed to belie the addiction she was describing . 
 and for just a moment , i thought she was messing with me -- trying to come between me and my vow . 
 it certainly would n't be the first time . 
 but the strain in her voice and the frustration lining her forehead were real . 
 she needed help . 
 she wanted my help . 
 `` yes , literally . '' 
 allie shrugged , and the gesture looked resigned . 
 ashamed . 
 `` but you 've been there , right ? 
 i mean , that 's why you gave it up ? '' 
 `` um ... '' i cleared my throat and ran one hand through my hair . 
 `` i 've definitely let things go too far , too fast , in the past . '' 
 and caroline was the most amazing consequence i could imagine . 
 but that was nothing like what allie was obviously suffering . 
 `` so you understand . 
 i just need someone to help me ... resist . 
 someone who 's been through what i 'm going through . '' 
 i could n't officially claim an addiction to sex , but if it was as difficult for her to resist her urges as it was for me to resist touching her right then and there , then i definitely understood what she was going through . 
 which was how i knew that the last thing in the world i needed was allie daniels , staring up at me from the front row of every celibacy club meeting , reminding me of exactly what i 'd promised to give up . 
 i should have turned her down . 
 allie was sweet , and funny , and hot , yet vulnerable in the strangest way . 
 she was a wrecking ball swinging in to demolish my self-control , and i could n't afford to let that happen . 
 but she looked so desperate , so certain i could help her , even as i fought the urge to rip my own abstinence pledge into a hundred pieces and let the arizona wind blow it straight to hell . 
 so i made one of the worst -- and possibly one of the best -- decisions of my entire life . 
 `` come to the meeting tomorrow , and i 'll see what i can do to help . '' 
 chapter three allie alone in my dorm room that night , i sat on my bed and stared at the other side of the room , empty except for a desk chair and a twin bed that had been stripped of all bedding when my roommate left for the summer . 
 the dorms were quiet during the mid-year term . 
 most people went home to summer jobs or lazy days spent at the pool , or the beach , or just hanging out with friends from high school in their childhood bedrooms . 
 i had a home , but it was n't the kind you head back to over the summer . 
 it was the kind you run from on the day you turn eighteen , your shoes still untied and your backpack full to bursting . 
 my schedule included two summer classes and a part-time job , but even if i counted study time -- yeah , right -- and my five-minute commute to work , there were still large chunks of every day left empty . 
 before that night at the coffee shop , those chunks had been easy to fill with violet , when she was free , and with parties , when violet was n't free . 
 but with both of those options gone ... i stood and glanced around the empty room , rubbing damp palms on my jeans . 
 i did n't need a drink . 
 violet was wrong . 
 i was n't an alcoholic . 
 i did n't drink because i needed to drink , i drank to have fun . 
 i was fun , and vi would n't recognize fun if it stepped on her feet wearing clown shoes and smoking a joint . 
 my hands were n't sweating . 
 i had n't just wiped sweat on my jeans . 
 i was n't going through withdrawal . 
 i was just worried about my best friend , all alone at rehab with a bunch of losers paying top dollar for the privilege of having their loser passports stamped for the first time . 
 or maybe i was nervous about starting my own therapy . 
 about sitting in front of the most gorgeous guy i 'd ever met and telling him that sometimes -- just every now and then , really -- i took a drink or six so i could have a little fun , because people like fun-allie . 
 fun-allie always knows what to do , and she never says the wrong thing , and most important of all , she knows that no matter what happens , it 'll all be okay , because everyone is having fun . 
 but noah would understand about fun-allie , right ? 
 i mean , if he was leading the therapy sessions , letting other people learn from his mistakes , then there must have been a fun-noah once upon a time . 
 best of all , he would n't be expecting fun-allie at therapy . 
 he liked me -- i 'd seen that the moment his beautiful brown eyed-gaze found mine -- and he 'd never even met fun-allie . 
 noah would know how to fill the hours that violet and partying had left empty . 
 he 'd know what to do with hands that were n't holding a red solo cup and lips that were n't attached to the mouth of a bottle . 
 noah was exactly what i needed . 
 a beautiful man who could n't be tempted by alcohol , but might just succumb to temptation of another kind . 
 especially if it were seated in the front row of his therapy session in short shorts and a snug `` rehab is for quitters '' tee -- he 'd appreciate the joke , right ? 
 -- begging for a hands-on demonstration of his legendary self-discipline . 
 and just like that , i had a plan . 
 a sure-fire way to get through thirty days of therapy and self-imposed detox without going back on my promise to violet . 
 i would substitute one pleasure for another . 
 noah for alcohol . 
 like an aa sponsor-with-benefits . 
 starting tomorrow . 
 relieved , but still fighting damp palms and fingers that itched to hold something cold , i squatted in front of my mini-fridge and pulled out a fifth of vanilla-flavored vodka . 
 there were only a couple of inches left in the bottle , but that would be plenty for my last night as a normal college student . 
 surely sobriety was worth toasting . 
 right ? 
 *** `` hey , noah , right ? '' 
 i said , running one finger over the edge of the folding table . 
 as if i was n't sure of his name . 
 as if i might not remember the exact shade of brown in his eyes or the precise slant of his crooked smile . 
 as if i had n't picked this specific therapy group just so i could stare up at him while the suckers all around us over-shared about their drinking problems . 
 violet-mandated therapy and a pretty man . 
 two birds , about to be nailed by the same allie-shaped stone . 
 `` allie . '' 
 noah 's brown eyes brightened when he saw me . 
 i was n't imagining that . 
 he was interested . 
 `` i was starting to wonder if you 'd actually show up . '' 
 the room behind him held a wooden podium -- the kind all my professors stood behind -- and three rows of folding metal chairs , most occupied by girls in ponytails , wearing mid-length shorts and faded tees . 
 could they possibly have put less effort into the chase ? 
 and this was a chase . 
 i 'd never seen an aa meeting with such a high barbie-to-ken ratio , and frankly , my impression was that most of the kens were there for the same reason as the barbies . 
 that reason was noah . 
 not that i could blame them . 
 i 'd already figured out that the room , and the chairs , and the podium -- those were all just a front . 
 the real solution to my problem was smiling at me across the folding table , clearly waiting for me to look away so that smolder -- amber flames , ready to burn me up from the inside out -- could explore the landscape south of my neck . 
 i could tell he wanted to look , so i smiled and held his gaze for another two seconds , because if there was anything i knew about addicts -- by virtue of the fact that i kinda , sorta might be one -- it was that the longer you make them wait for their fix , the worse they want it . 
 `` i told you . 
 i 'm committed . '' 
 my smile widened , and when he reached for me , i held my hand out , ready to shake his and let the touch linger just long enough to show that his interest was mutual . 
 when paper brushed my fingers instead , i realized he was n't reaching for me ; he was giving me a form the size of an index card . 
 `` great . 
 just sign the pledge card , then come find a seat . 
 there are still a few open up front . '' 
 the way he was looking at me , i would have signed away my soul . 
 i plucked a pen from a cup on the table , then leaned over to scribble my name at the bottom of the card , making sure he could see down my shirt , now that he was free to look . 
 of course he would look . 
 they always look . 
 to seal the deal , i added my phone number beneath my name . 
 my fingers brushed his when he took the form , and his brows rose when he found what i 'd written . 
 he grinned that crooked grin , revealing a dimple in his right cheek , and warmth pooled low in my stomach . 
 he would call . 
 they always call . 
 `` you can keep the pen , '' noah said , and i blinked when realized i was still holding it . 
 still staring at him . 
 `` they 're free for new members . 
 welcome aboard , allie . '' 
 i gave him my best smile -- the one with lingering , meaningful eye contact to show him that we were two sides of the same coin -- then carried my new pen to the last open seat in the front row . 
 the metal chair squeaked when i sat , and i clicked the pen absently while the last few people found seats . 
 then noah closed the door and walked to the front of the room . 
 his gait was smooth and steady , every stride relaxed . 
 confident . 
 as if he was used to being watched , and he liked it . 
 instead of standing behind the podium , he pulled it out of the way and sat on the edge of a table at the front of the room , one foot hanging , the other on the floor . 
 the effect was a much more casual and approachable counselor than violet was likely to find at rehab , obviously confirmation from the universe that i 'd picked the right therapy group . 
 i was exactly where i was supposed to be . 
 `` i see a couple of new faces , '' noah said , and that smoky gaze lingered on me long enough to send fresh tingles up my spine . 
 i could already tell i was going to love therapy . 
 `` so first let me extend both a welcome and a congratulations to our new members . 
 signing that pledge -- promising to respect yourself and those you care about -- that 's the first step , and it 's an important one . 
 but at the end of the day , words are just words , and it 's our actions that define us . 
 i look forward to getting to know you all ... '' that brown-eyed gaze found me again , and i got lost in it . 
 i watched his beautiful mouth form syllables that were probably just as beautiful , and though i heard his voice -- deep , and kind of scratchy , with a prominent note of good humor , the sign of a man unafraid to laugh at himself -- i forgot to listen to the actual words because really , how much can a girl absorb in one sitting ? 
 there would be plenty of other therapy sessions , right ? 
 no reason to jump into the deep end on day one when i could wade in slowly , pausing to enjoy the view . 
 hell , i almost felt guilty for staring . 
 are people supposed to enjoy therapy ? 
 `` ... takes a strong moral fiber and lots of patience , but i have no doubt that when and if you decide to get married , both you and your spouse will be glad you upheld your pledge of abstinence . '' 
 my pledge of what ? 
 my fingers tightened around the pen in my hand and i blinked , sure i 'd heard him wrong . 
 `` why will you and your spouse be glad about that ? '' 
 noah asked , with the cadence of church camp song leader -- a very hot church camp song leader . 
 `` because you are worth the wait ! '' 
 the audience recited from all around me , and my new ink pen snapped in half . 
 noah stood and pulled the podium back into place , and as he called a woman from the third row forward , to give her testimony , i picked up the pieces of my broken pen and fitted them together so i could read the slogan printed on the side . 
 worth the wait abstinence for the new millennium `` son of a bitch ! '' 
 *** `` allie , wait ! '' 
 noah called , as i tried to slip out of the room unseen , and i groaned softly . 
 fifty-eight minutes of prudes-r-us , and my cheeks had flamed the whole time . 
 when i 'd told him i was an addict , he must have thought ... i could n't look at him . 
 i could n't face him . 
 and i was really starting to regret wearing the `` rehab is for quitters '' t-shirt . 
 but then suddenly he was there , and his hand was warm on my arm , and i fell into those brown eyes just like i had the first time i 'd seen them . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' i said , before he could mention my outburst . 
 `` i did n't mean to swear at your ... purity party . '' 
 noah laughed , and i almost smiled in response , but then remembered i 'd just made a complete fool of myself in front of the hottest guy i 'd ever met , not to mention an entire room full of ... virgins ? 
 damn it , allie ! 
 you learned to read for a reason ! 
 had i really just scrawled my phone number at the bottom of an abstinence pledge ? 
 i 'd never been so embarrassed in my life , yet there noah stood , smiling down at me , obviously unaware of my ridiculous plan to seduce the reigning virgin king . 
 i really should have reported the entire group for false advertising . 
 seriously , what kind of bait-and-switch scam were they running , using the most lickable guy on campus to recruit for their celibacy club ! 
 `` you did seem a little ... uncomfortable , '' he said , and i was grateful for the understatement . 
 `` yeah , i ... '' my excuse disintegrated on my tongue as a group of three girls stepped out of the meeting room behind him , whispering and giggling . 
 they glanced at me over his shoulder and i heard my name . 
 `` ... was allison daniels ... '' `` ... ca n't believe she came . '' 
 `` who is she kidding ? '' 
 they may as well have been pulling thoughts from my own head , but noah did n't hear them . 
 he did n't even notice them . 
 he was still watching me , that crooked grin firmly in place , and i remembered that -- by some miracle -- he 'd found my outburst funny , rather than rude . 
 `` it was n't what i was expecting , '' i finished , narrowly missing the expiration date on an unfinished sentence . 
 `` i do n't think this is a good fit for me . 
 i 'm not ... '' my face flushed again , and i stared at the floor . 
 `` a virgin ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i looked up , because i had to see his eyes . 
 to see if he was judging me . 
 `` we do n't discriminate . '' 
 he was still smiling , but sincerity echoed in his statement , and in the sudden depth of his gaze . 
 i frowned and tugged on the hem of my stupid novelty tee , wishing i could still claim wardrobe failure as the biggest mistake i 'd made that day . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` let me explain . 
 over dinner . '' 
 `` i ... '' damn , i wanted to say yes , but that was n't what i 'd promised violet . 
 noah was n't what i needed . 
 he could n't be . 
 `` okay , '' i said finally , and my answer surprised me as much as it obviously surprised him . 
 `` great . 
 you live on campus ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 ellison hall . '' 
 `` i 'll meet you in the lobby at six . '' 
 and that was how i , allie daniels , disgraced bacchanalian princess , wound up on a date with noah porter , prince of purity . 
 *** at five-fifty , i headed downstairs from my dorm room , trying to ignore the butterflies flitting in my stomach and the invisible python slowly tightening around my throat . 
 i was n't fifteen years old and this was n't my first date . 
 in fact , if i were a gambler instead of a drinker , i would have bet the house on this being the most uneventful date of my life . 
 it 's not like i could drink or he could score . 
 so why had i spent nearly two hours trying on clothes , both mine and the outfits violet kept in my closet to hide from her super-conservative parents ? 
 why did everything that looked sexy on vi look slutty on me , and why did that fact suddenly seem like a disadvantage instead of a bonus ? 
 because noah was different . 
 he obviously did n't believe the rumors about me . 
 hell , maybe he had n't even heard them . 
 he had n't asked allison on a date , hoping to meet fun-allie halfway through the night . 
 he wanted to talk , and even if all he really wanted was to save my soul , his sales pitch probably would n't come with an offer of alcohol , which put it directly in line with my only goal for the evening . 
 do n't drink . 
 that was the first step on the road toward putting my life back together . 
 toward earning violet 's friendship . 
 toward regaining her trust . 
 at the foot of the stairs , i turned right and headed past the front desk , tugging violet 's billowy print blouse into place over the waistband of my own snug -- but mid-length -- yellow shorts . 
 i took a seat in the corner of the lobby and pulled my phone from my pocket . 
 i 'd been playing a color-matching game for several minutes , trying to decide whether i looked pathetic and lonely or coolly unapproachable , when someone dropped into the chair on my right . 
 i looked up , already smiling , expecting to find the upholstery smoldering upon contact with noah 's body . 
 instead , i found a pair of only vaguely familiar hazel eyes , crowned by dark , overgrown eyebrows . 
 the chair was definitely not smoking beneath him . 
 `` allie , right ? '' 
 he said , and i nodded , frowning when his gaze readily slid down from mine and just kept going . 
 `` i remember you . '' 
 and that meant i should remember him , but if i 'd ever known his name , it had been washed from my memory on a flood of vodka and diet coke . 
 `` tyler , '' he supplied when i obviously failed to remember him . 
 `` from the kappa party last month . 
 we had a lot of fun in the basement . 
 but you were pretty shitfaced , and i guess you do n't ... '' he frowned , then dug in his pocket for his phone . 
 `` here . 
 maybe this 'll jog your memory . '' 
 my face flamed when he started scrolling through screens on his cell , and though i 'd never seen whatever he was about to show me , i knew exactly what he was looking for . 
 i stood to walk away , mortified , but he stood with me . 
 `` someone loaded a clearer version on youtube , but i still like mine better . 
 the angle 's more intimate . '' 
 his voice echoed with ... was that pride ? 
 was i really supposed to be impressed by the quality of a dirty video taken of me without my knowledge or permission ? 
 `` remember this ? '' 
 he shoved the phone at me and i caught a glimpse of empty cups , matted carpet , tangled clothes , and my own bare stomach before bile rose at the back of my throat . 
 i did not remember that . 
 i shoved his arm away , phone and all , and headed for the front door , miserably aware that everyone in the lobby was staring , but tyler followed . 
 `` wait , you 're gon na miss the best part ! '' 
 i pulled the door open -- and ran face-first into noah porter . 
 he grunted in surprise , but was n't even knocked off-balance . 
 the man was as solid as a house , and nearly as big . 
 noah caught me by both arms when i practically bounced off his chest , and his chuckle rumbled through me , setting off tiny tremors the length of my body . 
 the man was both irresistible force and immovable rock , all wrapped up in one very scrumptious candy coating . 
 `` so should we call it even , since you nearly ran me over this time ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i made no move to back out of his grip . 
 instead , i kind of ... settled into it . 
 `` you nearly ran me over with a car . 
 i think i 'm gon na have to take you to the ground several times before we 're even . '' 
 noah 's brows rose -- in interest ? 
 -- but he did n't look anywhere near as scandalized by my innuendo as i 'd expected . 
 i made a mental note to try harder next time . 
 tyler pushed the door open behind me , then came to an abrupt , startled stop less than a foot away . 
 fresh heat rose into my cheeks when i saw that he still held his phone , and now the audio had overlaid a shaky shot of my limp arm lying on dirty carpet with humiliating drunken grunts . 
 the fact that they were tyler 's grunts did nothing to ease my mortification . 
 `` hey . '' 
 tyler fumbled with his phone , and it went blessedly dark and silent , but the damage was done . 
 the sounds and images were stuck on repeat in my head , and i could only hope that noah had n't understood the two seconds of footage he 'd seen and heard . 
 what the hell was i thinking ? 
 i could n't go out with noah porter . 
 the man was built like a god and lived like a saint . 
 he would n't be interested in me once he actually knew me . 
 `` so ... '' tyler dismissed noah as he turned to me and slid his phone back into his pocket . 
 `` you wan na get a drink ? 
 i 'm buying . '' 
 his smile was really more of an ogle , and i backed away from him , fighting panic as the past i was desperate to erase threatened to destroy this potential new beginning with noah . 
 `` she 's busy tonight . '' 
 noah gestured for me to precede him down the steps . 
 tyler did n't even glance at him . 
 `` tomorrow , then ? '' 
 `` i do n't date assholes , '' i mumbled , stepping onto the sidewalk with noah right behind me . 
 `` ` dating ' does n't really describe what we did , anyway . 
 come on , allie , we both know you 'll loosen up after a few drinks . '' 
 my face burned and my stomach pitched . 
 was that all anyone knew about me ? 
 violet was right . 
 i was out of control . 
 tyler jogged down the steps , already reaching for my arm . 
 noah slid between us and suddenly seemed to take up more space than he had a moment before . 
 his back was broad and firm , and i could feel the warmth of his skin through his shirt . 
 i probably should have moved to give him space but i did n't . 
 i could n't . 
 `` touch her , and i will break your arm in three places , '' noah growled , the warning evident not just in his words , but in his bearing . 
 in the way his powerful chest expanded with every breath . 
 the way the muscles in his arms shifted when his hands curled into fists , clearly ready to go above and beyond his threat . 
 `` back off , man , i got there first . 
 well , before you , anyway , '' tyler said , and that 's when i realized he was either drunk or stupid , because no man in his right mind would have looked up at noah porter in that moment and not understood how close he was to being broken in half like a twig . 
 `` but do n't worry , you can have a turn when i 'm done wi -- . '' 
 noah 's fist flew before tyler could even finish his sentence , and the crunch of bone echoed in my ears . 
 i stared , frozen in place while tyler shouted , then grabbed his nose in both hands . 
 `` motherfucker , i will sue your ass ! '' 
 his threat came out garbled , while blood trickled between his fingers and dripped onto his kappa house shirt . 
 `` biggest mistake of your life ! 
 everything you own will be mine in forty-eight hours . '' 
 noah laughed . 
 `` you 've obviously never tried to bleed a turnip . '' 
 he wiped blood from his knuckles onto the tail of tyler 's shirt , then snatched the phone sticking out of the frat boy 's pocket and held it in front of tyler 's face . 
 `` you go anywhere near the cops or a lawyer , and the rio verde police department will receive footage of you using a young woman too intoxicated to give consent . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 for a second , tyler just blinked at us over the hands cupped around his nose . 
 his furious gaze found mine , but i only stared back in shock , not sure how to respond . 
 tyler finally wiped his nose on his sleeve and mumbled a string of profanities , then reached for his phone . 
 noah slid the phone into his own back pocket and took my hand , his fingers folding around mine . 
 `` you should put some ice on that before your nose swells as big as your ego . '' 
 then he turned his back on tyler and tugged me gently toward the sidewalk . 
 `` holy shit ! '' 
 i whispered as we walked , his hand warm in mine . 
 `` i ca n't believe you did that . '' 
 `` someone needed to , '' he said , and a pleasant warmth spread through my stomach , swelling toward my chest . 
 he 'd just broken someone 's nose for me . 
 he had n't even hesitated . 
 just pow , smash , blood ! 
 no one had ever done something like that for me . 
 no one had ever done anything for me without expecting something in return . 
 except violet . 
 noah glanced at me , dark brows drawn low , and i realized he 'd misinterpreted my silence . 
 `` you do n't actually have to press charges . 
 the threat will be enough to shut him up . 
 and keep him away from you . '' 
 the reminder of what he 'd seen on tyler 's phone left me suddenly cold inside . 
 not two minutes into our first date , he 'd seen the very worst of me . 
 `` i ... uh ... i wish you had n't seen that . 
 hell , i wish i had n't seen it . '' 
 i 'd known a few videos existed , but i 'd managed to avoid watching any of them until tyler had so thoughtfully shoved one at my face . 
 noah shrugged , and his fingers were a warm , comforting pressure around mine . 
 `` it 's college . 
 we all do stupid shit . 
 the fact that none of mine has been caught on camera , that i know of , probably puts me in the minority . 
 but i do wish that asshole had n't been there to take advantage of yours . '' 
 but tyler was n't the only asshole , and that night was n't the only one i could n't fully remember . 
 would noah still be holding my hand on a public sidewalk if he knew how often fun-allie had taken over and left me with little memory of her escapades ? 
 he was n't the recovering alcoholic i 'd mistaken him for . 
 could he truly understand my problems ? 
 why would he even want to ? 
 chapter four allie `` do you like tacos ? '' 
 noah asked , pulling me from my own thoughts , and i looked up to see that we 'd stopped in front of a small mexican restaurant i 'd seen a million times , but never tried . 
 `` who does n't like tacos ? '' 
 i said , and he smiled , then pulled the door open for me . 
 a waitress told us to sit anywhere we 'd like as she passed by carrying a platter of chips , salsa , and drinks , but when i glanced around at the other patrons seated on red upholstered chairs and booths , i realized that `` on noah 's lap '' probably was n't one of the acceptable options . 
 when he deferred to my choice , i picked a booth in the back , next to a window . 
 our waitress was a middle-aged woman named `` jeanne , '' according to her nametag , and she showed up before we could even really settle into our seats . 
 `` noah ! '' 
 she set an oval basket of tortilla chips on the table -- closer to him than to me -- and followed that up with two dishes of salsa . 
 `` have n't seen you in a while ! 
 you want the taco sampler ? '' 
 she had yet to even glance at me . 
 not that i could blame her . 
 noah was more appetizing than anything they could possibly serve on a plate , and i was obviously wearing my cloak of invisibility , which evidently worked on everyone except asshole frat boys in search of amateur , impromptu rhinoplasty . 
 `` um ... i 'm not sure yet . '' 
 noah turned to me . 
 `` you want to look at a menu ? '' 
 `` please , '' i said , and jeanne slid a two-sided , laminated sheet of paper in front of each of us . 
 `` we got half-price margaritas on thursdays . '' 
 i could have a drink . 
 noah did n't know i should n't , because of how i 'd accidentally gone to church camp instead of alcoholics anonymous . 
 but one margarita always turned into two , and by the third or forth , it would n't matter who allison daniels was , or who she wanted to be , because fun-allie would already be on the loose . 
 `` i 'll just have a coke . '' 
 `` i 'll have the same , '' noah said , and jeanne nodded with a smile . 
 `` i 'll be right back with those . '' 
 `` so , you 're a regular ? '' 
 i said , as she moved on to take another table 's drink order . 
 `` kind of . 
 i used to bring my sister here . '' 
 `` your sister , who 's in rehab ? '' 
 `` the one and only . '' 
 his smile was genuine but concerned ; he obviously cared about her . 
 `` is she ... '' i hesitated , searching for a polite way to ask a prying question . 
 `` does she belong to worth the wait ? '' 
 `` emily ? '' 
 noah 's chuckle rumbled through me like a tremor , triggering tiny little electric aftershocks , and i squirmed in my seat , suddenly wondering what his voice would sound like whispered against my ear , in the dark , where i would n't have to share him with anyone else ... `` no . 
 in fact , she thinks the whole thing 's ridiculous and she ca n't understand why i pledged , '' he admitted with a shrug of broad shoulders . 
 `` i do n't get it either . 
 i mean , i understand why someone less ... aesthetically gifted might join a group like that . 
 if you 're not getting laid anyway , you might as well claim that 's a personal choice , right ? '' 
 i said . 
 noah only crossed his arms over his chest , clearly amused , while he watched me dig another hole , one word at a time . 
 `` but you ... '' my open-handed gesture took in his entire body , and i flushed when i realized i was staring . 
 hard . 
 his shirt was so snug the material seemed to be fundamentally attracted to his flesh -- like , on a cellular level -- and that 's when i realized i was jealous of a handful of cotton , because suddenly i wanted him to be wearing nothing but me . 
 `` but i what ? '' 
 noah 's arched left brow mirrored the crooked slant of his grin . 
 he was obviously enjoying my undivided attention . 
 i sat on my hand to keep from trying to touch him while i stared . 
 `` you 're ... '' lickable . 
 badass . 
 gorgeous . 
 i 'd thought he could help me find a cure for alcoholism , but the truth was that noah could be the cure for my addiction . 
 i 'd known the moment his fist flew in defense of me , in spite of what he 'd just seen on tyler 's phone , that i could n't stand losing a single moment spent with him to a blackout . 
 i wanted to remember every word he said and every look he gave me . 
 and every single touch , even if all we were ever allowed to do was hold hands . 
 i blinked and realized noah was still waiting for my answer , looking more amused by my confounded silence with every passing second . 
 `` you obviously have other options , '' i said . 
 `` so this must be something you actually want . '' 
 noah leaned toward me over the table , and the rest of the restaurant lost focus around us . 
 i could see only him . 
 `` oh , i do n't want to be celibate . '' 
 his scorching gaze said that statement was personally , blazingly relevant to me , and suddenly the air felt too thick to breathe . 
 `` let 's get that out in the open right now . '' 
 but before i could pick my jaw up off the floor and roll my tongue back into my mouth , the waitress appeared out of nowhere and set a glass of soda in front of each of us , jarring me from the illusion that noah and i had just shared a private moment . 
 `` you two ready to order ? '' 
 she asked , and i nodded , but i had n't even really understood the question . 
 i could n't look away from noah . 
 i could n't drag my attention past his blistering confession and my sudden burning need to know exactly how relevant it was to the low hot throbbing that had just settled into place deep inside me . 
 i have no idea what he ordered , but i said i 'd have the same thing , just to get rid of the waitress . 
 as soon as she was gone , i leaned as far across the table as i could , without giving into the urge to actually crawl over it and onto his lap . 
 `` if you do n't want abstinence , then why ... ? '' 
 why on earth would a guy like noah porter give up sex ? 
 then , suddenly , i understood . 
 `` you did it for a girl , did n't you ? '' 
 he hesitated , and his mouth opened for a second . 
 then it closed again , as if he 'd changed his mind about whatever he was about to say , and he started over . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 for the first time since i 'd met him , he looked uncomfortable . 
 `` but that was a long time ago . '' 
 how fucked up was that ? 
 to get the girl , he 'd had to swear never to have the girl . 
 what kind of frigid moron would ask noah porter to sign a document swearing he would n't touch her ? 
 that was like buying a stove , then swearing off food . 
 how could she be anywhere near him and not want to ... cook ? 
 `` are you still together ? '' 
 i asked , suddenly terrified that he knew all about fun-allie and saw her as a secret way to scratch an itch his girlfriend would n't touch . 
 he was too perfect , otherwise . 
 he had to be hiding something . 
 `` no , '' noah said , and i exhaled slowly , trying not to let my relief show . 
 `` not for nearly three years , now . '' 
 `` then why are you still ... celibate ? '' 
 i should n't have asked . 
 his personal choices were none of my business , but i had to understand how he 'd given up something most guys seemed to think they needed as badly as air , and water , and food . 
 where did his willpower come from ? 
 from inexperience ? 
 maybe a virgin pledging celibacy was like a teetotaler swearing off alcohol -- if you 've never tried it , you do n't know what you 're missing . 
 no cravings . 
 easy peasy . 
 `` i 'm still celibate because i gave my word . '' 
 noah 's answer was soft , but it sliced through me with an edge of sharp steel , cutting straight through all the layers of bullshit -- excuse after excuse -- that i 'd used to shield myself from judgment for as long as i could remember . 
 those layers fell away , leaving me defenseless . 
 exposed . 
 noah was a man of honor , yet i could only be counted on to break my own promises . 
 `` damn it ... '' i muttered , staring at the glass now perspiring in my hands . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked , and i made myself meet his gaze . 
 `` i gave my word too . '' 
 `` you mean the pledge ? '' 
 `` no . 
 well , yes , but not just that . 
 i promised violet . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` your friend in rehab ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i promised her i 'd get help for my addiction , and that i 'd stick with it . '' 
 `` your addiction ? '' 
 noah 's left brow arched into a point , and his eyes shined with fresh humor . 
 which is when i remembered that i 'd accidentally joined a celibacy club . 
 i groaned , thinking back to the conversation we 'd had after vi checked into new beginnings , when i 'd begged him for help learning to say no . 
 `` i did n't mean that like it sounded . 
 any of it . '' 
 i covered my face with both hands , but i 'm sure my flush burned right through my fingers . 
 `` worth the wait was n't what you were expecting , because you 're not addicted to sex . '' 
 noah pulled my hands down gently , and i opened my eyes to find him studying me , as if something he saw amused him . 
 no , not amused . 
 interested . 
 he looked ... intrigued . 
 `` what kind of meeting did you think you were attending , allie ? '' 
 `` aa , '' i admitted at last . 
 `` okay . 
 that makes more sense . '' 
 he nodded , and i had a feeling he was replaying most of our previous conversations , armed with the new information . 
 then he smiled and his focus returned to my eyes . 
 `` but i have to know ... what made you think we were a support group for alcoholics ? '' 
 `` we met in a rehab clinic , and you were talking about temptation and willpower . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` celibacy clubs and addiction therapy use surprisingly similar rhetoric , '' i said , and he laughed out loud . 
 `` yeah , i guess they do . '' 
 noah leaned back in his booth and crossed powerful arms over his broad chest . 
 `` so ... why did you sign the pledge ? '' 
 my face burned like i 'd been staring at the sun for hours . 
 i sucked in a deep breath , but at first all that came out was a groan of frustration . 
 `` okay , i did n't actually read the pledge ... '' `` because you 're illiterate ? '' 
 his grin reached all the way to his eyes , and i realized he was making fun of me . 
 `` no , smartass . 
 because i was too busy staring at you to focus on anything else . '' 
 i wanted to take the words back as soon as i 'd said them -- could i possibly look more like a puppy drooling over a bone ? 
 -- but he leaned over the table again , eyes bright with good humor . 
 `` the truth is that if i had n't had my spiel down cold , i would have tripped over my own tongue for a solid hour . 
 i was staring at you through the whole meeting . '' 
 `` you were ? '' 
 i might have noticed that , if i had n't spent the whole time studying my sandals , humiliated by my outburst . 
 `` i was . '' 
 before i could embarrass myself by asking him to say it again , the waitress appeared and set two enormous plates on the table , which was when i realized we 'd evidently ordered the entire menu . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 `` that 's the taco sampler you ordered , '' jeanne said . 
 `` shredded beef , shredded chicken , black bean , bean and cheese , fajita chicken , fajita beef , brisket , and fish . '' 
 she pointed to each one as she named it . 
 `` served in an assortment of brightly colored corn envelopes . 
 enjoy ! '' 
 i rotated my huge entree , but it did n't get any smaller . 
 there was no optical illusion at play . 
 i 'd actually ordered every taco on the menu . 
 `` but that 's eight tacos . 
 who the hell can eat eight tacos in a single sitting ? '' 
 noah laughed and i looked up to see that he was starting on his third . 
 `` let me guess . 
 you did n't read the menu either . '' 
 i plucked a chunk of fajita chicken from a red `` corn envelope '' and threw it at him . 
 noah caught it in his mouth and grinned while he chewed . 
 jeanne clucked her tongue at us and left to refill noah 's glass . 
 mine remained half-full . 
 though a moment earlier , i 'd have sworn it was half-empty . 
 `` so , '' noah said , when he 'd finished his third taco and i was halfway through my first . 
 `` your plan is to quit drinking , cold turkey ? 
 on your own ? '' 
 `` my plan was to quit drinking with the help of a group of like-minded recovering alcoholics . 
 instead , i got a room full of virgins . '' 
 `` i guess a room full of virgins is n't quite as helpful , huh ? 
 `` for my purposes ? 
 no . 
 but if you run afoul of an angry god , you 're all set . 
 you can keep throwing virgins into the volcano until the god is appeased , and presto ! 
 celibacy has saved the world ! '' 
 noah laughed and nearly choked on a bite of bean , cheese , and blue corn shell . 
 after he 'd washed the near-fatal mouthful down with a long drink from his glass , he grinned at me from across the table . 
 `` i hope this angry god will make do with second-chance virgins , because i suspect that 's mostly what we have to offer . '' 
 `` wait , so you 're not all ... ? '' 
 `` as you might have noticed if you 'd actually read the pledge , that 's not a question we ask new members . 
 but i highly doubt it . '' 
 my tongue began to burn with the obvious question , but i bit it , and when that did n't work , i stuffed a huge bite of shredded beef taco into my mouth . 
 i would not ask noah porter if he was a virgin . 
 i would not . 
 `` you look like you want to say something . '' 
 his eyes practically sparkled , and my cheeks warmed for the dozenth time in the past hour . 
 `` like maybe there 's something you want to know . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to ask . '' 
 he leaned over the table again , and his gaze made my insides smolder . 
 `` then i 'm not going to tell you . '' 
 noah 's cryptic smile was too hot to stare at for more than a few seconds , so i finished my taco to keep from asking what i really , really wanted to know -- a mini-exercise in self-control . 
 he finished his fifth taco and reached for a tortilla chip . 
 `` so , have you tried this before ? '' 
 had i ever eaten tacos across the table from the hottest former-marine/maybe-virgin on the planet ? 
 a resounding no . 
 `` tried to quit on your own , i mean . '' 
 oh . 
 `` yeah . 
 a few months ago . 
 and last night . 
 kind of . '' 
 `` and how did that go ? '' 
 `` well , i did n't do anything stupid , but i did wake up next to an empty bottle of vodka . 
 to be fair , it was nearly empty when i started . '' 
 well , two-thirds empty , anyway . 
 noah watched me for a second , eyes narrowed , focus intent , and i wondered what he was thinking . 
 `` do you have plans for the rest of the evening ? '' 
 well , i thought i 'd start with a searching and fearless moral inventory of myself -- as per step four of twelve -- then skip straight to self-flagellation to save time . 
 `` nothing that ca n't be postponed . '' 
 `` i helped my sister give up alcohol once , '' he said . 
 `` the key was keeping her busy , so she did n't have time to think about wanting a drink . '' 
 `` i 'm assuming it did n't stick ? '' 
 noah shrugged . 
 `` it 's complicated with emily , because drinking 's not her only problem . 
 but she made it through the night . 
 they say you have to take it one day at a time , right ? 
 and i know a thing or two about resisting something you really want . '' 
 the clatter of silverware and the conversations going on around us faded into dim white noise , while my heartbeat suddenly seemed perfectly audible , counting the seconds that passed while i tried to interpret his intent . 
 `` what are you offering ? '' 
 `` distraction . 
 entertainment . 
 company . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i should n't have asked -- in retrospect , it sounded rude -- but i had to know . 
 `` i 'm not generally considered good company when i 'm sober . '' 
 i think too much , and i talk too much , and i never find the nerve to reach for what i want . 
 noah leaned forward and pulled tyler 's phone from his back pocket , then pointed at me with it . 
 `` do n't let assholes like this tell you what you 're worth . 
 you have n't had a drink tonight , and i 'm in no hurry to say goodbye after dinner . 
 i like you , allie . 
 let me help you . '' 
 i blinked , trying to clear the hallucination from my vision , but if delusions were a symptom of withdrawal , my ears must have been in on the conspiracy because his words were still echoing in my head . 
 i like you , allie . 
 `` if you do n't want my help , then give me yours , '' noah said , and i realized he 'd misunderstood my silence again . 
 `` do n't make me go home to an empty apartment . '' 
 `` oh , no , it 's not that i do n't want help . 
 i just ... '' i frowned . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` very . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 noah stood and grabbed the check from the edge of the table -- i had n't even seen the waitress drop it off -- then headed for a cash register on a glass countertop next to the exit . 
 while he was gone , jeanne stopped at our table with a thick paper to-go box . 
 `` you 're not the first to try , and you wo n't be the last . '' 
 she set the box between my nearly full taco platter and noah 's empty one . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 she did n't seem to be referring to my pathetic attempt to finish the sampler platter . 
 the waitress glanced over her shoulder , and i followed her focus to see noah chatting amiably with the cashier , who stared up at him adoringly while she ran his card through the machine . 
 `` girls like you are always chasing after him , hoping to be the one who makes him break his oath , but that 's not going to happen . 
 this is n't a game for him . 
 he 's not a prize to be won . '' 
 huh ? 
 `` you know about the oath ? '' 
 jeanne rolled her eyes , both hands planted on the smudged black apron tied over her generous hips . 
 `` honey , everyone knows about noah and his oath . 
 hell if i were n't old and happily married , maybe i 'd be throwing myself at him too . 
 but my point is that he 's finally got everything together . 
 do n't mess it up for him . 
 in the end , he 'll only hate you for it . '' 
 i frowned , trying to puzzle through a conversation i only seemed to have heard half of , but then jeanne noticed noah on his way back and left to refill someone else 's drink . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 noah sat on the empty bench across from mine . 
 when i nodded , he picked up my platter and carefully slid the leftover tacos into the paper container . 
 `` my apartment 's only a few blocks away . '' 
 maybe i should n't have gone with him . 
 maybe it was crazy of me to even think about going home with a guy i 'd only met the day before , but after seeing him visit his sister in rehab , lead a club of second-chance virgins , punch a guy who tried to grab me , and offer to help me through my first night of potential alcohol withdrawal , i felt safer with noah porter than i 'd ever felt in my entire life . 
 `` yeah . 
 let 's go . '' 
 for the first time in my adult life , i followed a guy i 'd just met onto the street with nothing stronger than soda in my bloodstream and an ill-fated fog of lust clouding my judgment . 
 chapter five noah i 'd led allison three blocks west from the taco place and up two flights of stairs before i remembered i had n't cleaned my apartment since the last time piper had actually dropped caroline off with me , instead of calling for me to come pick her up . 
 i had n't had company tall enough to open the fridge in nearly a year . 
 `` sorry about the mess , '' i said as i unlocked the door and held it open for allie , thankful that the place was just cluttered , and not actually dirty . 
 smiling , she pushed a pile of clean but unfolded clothes over and claimed a seat on the couch while i scrambled to clear a paper plate and two empty beer bottles from the coffee table . 
 that was probably the last thing she needed to see . 
 `` why do n't you pick a game and load it ? '' 
 i called from the kitchen , as i slid her leftover tacos into the fridge and pulled out a half-empty carton of guinness . 
 i shoved the beer under the sink , next to a can of spray cleaner i had n't learned to use until caroline had started crawling . 
 the couch springs squealed when allie stood , then the floor in front of the entertainment center creaked . 
 `` these are mostly racing games . 
 i figured you more for a first-person shooter . '' 
 `` i 've seen more than enough of that in real life . '' 
 i pulled a couple of cold soda cans from the fridge , and she appeared in the kitchen doorway , holding two game cases , apparently worried about my mental state . 
 `` sorry . 
 i did n't mean to bring up anything traumatic . '' 
 `` no trauma , '' i assured her . 
 `` i was actually pretty lucky . 
 two tours on the ground in afghanistan but i never lost a friend . '' 
 i led the way back into the living room and set both cans on the coffee table , then moved the pile of clean clothes to a chair while she sat , trying to decide between the two games she held . 
 `` made up your mind yet ? '' 
 `` i do n't really understand the difference between them . '' 
 `` that one has more car options , and more realistic interiors . 
 but the other one has better courses . '' 
 when her frown deepened , i plucked another case from beneath the edge of the couch , where it 'd fallen when cara had played with her little pink steering wheel attachment . 
 `` or , there 's always mariokart , if that 's more your speed . '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 allie 's eyes brightened . 
 `` i 've actually heard of that one . '' 
 i loaded the game , and we spent the next couple of hours racing as yoshi and bowser . 
 i won the first four races , but allie was undeterred , and by the fifth try , she 'd gotten the hang of it . 
 by the end of the first hour , i was more interested in watching her than watching the road , and the third time i bounced off a giant toadstool into a gulf in mushroom gorge , she was practically giddy with victory . 
 allie 's smile was wide and her eyes were bright . 
 a strand of hair had caught in her lip gloss , but she had n't noticed , and when i reached over to set it free , she froze , then turned to look at me while her kart careened over a cliff . 
 i kissed her . 
 i could n't help it . 
 for a second , she stiffened , and i thought i 'd made a big mistake . 
 she had n't come over to hook up . 
 hell , she 'd probably only come over because she knew sex was off the table , and after the run-in with that asswipe tyler , i could n't blame her . 
 but then her game controller fell to the floor . 
 her mouth opened , inviting me in , and i groaned as my hand slid up her arm and over her shoulder to cup the base of her skull . 
 i tilted her head and dove deeper , starving not just for a physical connection , but for a connection with her . 
 with allie , with her pink polka dotted toenails , butterfingered determination to drag her life back on track , and her tendency to skip over not just the fine print , but the large print too . 
 allie was the kind of accidental adventure real people are never lucky enough to stumble across . 
 the three-hour boat tour that lasts a lifetime . 
 the magical closet that opens up to reveal a whole new world . 
 kissing allie was like watching that part in the wizard of oz where black-and-white gives way to full color and suddenly the whole world seems a lot bigger and brighter than you thought possible a moment before . 
 touching allie felt like waking up , when i had n't even known i was asleep . 
 i pulled away , suddenly aware of how desperate i must seem . 
 like a loser who had n't been laid in more than two years . 
 `` mmmm ... '' allie said , her voice raspy with desire , her eyes still closed , and suddenly my own need burned , thick and heavy , and demonstrably urgent . 
 `` you do n't taste like alcohol . '' 
 her eyes opened and she frowned at me , and with a sudden startling bolt of insight , i realized she was ... surprised . 
 `` wait . 
 allie , have you never kissed anyone who was n't drinking ? '' 
 her frown deepened and her face flushed . 
 `` i ... damn , that 's embarrassing , but i guess not . '' 
 `` not even as a kid ? 
 in high school ? '' 
 she started to bury her face in her hands , so i reached out for one and threaded my fingers between hers . 
 i wanted to see what she was thinking . 
 what she was feeling . 
 `` i ... um ... took my first drink at a party when i was fifteen , trying to work up the courage to talk to this guy . 
 it worked . 
 he was my first kiss . 
 he 'd been drinking beer . 
 i remember that he tasted sour . 
 but you taste good . '' 
 her gaze dropped to my mouth and her lips opened , just a little . 
 that was all the hint i needed . 
 i kissed her again , possessed by the sudden driving need to show her what she 'd been missing . 
 her hand skimmed my arm just beneath my sleeve . 
 her touch was frustratingly light . 
 unbearably insufficient . 
 i wanted more of her . 
 i wanted her to want more of me . 
 i pulled allie 's lower lip between my teeth and tugged gently , and she moaned into my mouth . 
 her hand clenched around my arm , then moved up , and i let her explore on her own while i tried not to devour her in a single sitting . 
 she seemed hungry for contact , yet hesitant , as if she expected me to push her away , and each soft brush of her fingers over my shirt was somehow more arousing than flesh against flesh , because i knew damn well that i could n't have allie daniels . 
 i should n't even be touching her . 
 but the straight and narrow path i 'd committed to years before had just encountered curves i was n't sure i could resist , and her hip was the only thing i had to hold on to . 
 i pulled her closer , nearly desperate for more , and when she finally backed away from that kiss , her hands kept moving over my shoulders slowly , feeling their way toward my collarbone , and i realized she was n't stopping ; she was catching her breath . 
 my mouth trailed over her chin and down her neck , taking little tastes and nibbles as her hands trailed lower . 
 slowly . 
 i let her go at her own speed , telling myself i deserved the torture , but the truth was that i loved it . 
 her pace was agony -- i 'd never been so swollen or sensitive , and every touch made that worse -- but rushing it would only bring our doomed connection to its unsatisfying end that much sooner . 
 `` noah , '' she murmured , her head thrown back , as i licked a light path over her throat , headed for the hollow at the center of her collarbones . 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 her words were more breath than sound , and my jeans had become uncomfortably tight . 
 i ached to exchange the pressure of denim for a much hotter , wetter kind of friction . 
 but i had no business even thinking about what i really wanted ... `` i think the kids call this ` making out . '' ' 
 when i sat up to look at her , her focus burned into me with unrestrained heat , and i wondered if i was seeing her desire , or a reflection of my own . 
 could she possibly want me as badly as i wanted her ? 
 no . 
 not possible . 
 `` what do you want to do ? '' 
 i needed to hear her say what she wanted from me . 
 `` i do n't want to break my pledge . 
 well , i want to , but ... '' `` we wo n't . '' 
 i bent toward her again , but she pulled me back up , and i had to swallow a groan . 
 `` then what are we doing ? 
 i mean ... what 's the point , if neither of us can ... you know . '' 
 she shrugged , chewing on her lower lip in frustration . 
 confliction . 
 `` are n't we just torturing ourselves ? '' 
 yes . 
 touching her was like standing by the campfire for warmth -- i craved her heat , yet knew that the closer i got , the more likely i was to get burned . 
 but in that moment , as the flames jumped all around me , i did n't fucking care . 
 i wanted nothing more than to touch her again . 
 to keep touching her until her back arched , and her fingers clutched the sheets , and she cried out my name . 
 i wanted her to fall asleep on my pillow and make little noises that told me she was dreaming about me . 
 about what we 'd done . 
 about what we could do over , and over again ... yet i could n't have allie . 
 not the way i wanted her . 
 but i could get damn close . 
 i smiled , and her gaze dropped to my mouth , so i tilted her face back up with one finger beneath her chin . 
 `` if you think the only options for tonight are ` all ' or ` nothing , ' your boyfriends have been doing it all wrong . '' 
 `` i 've never really ... had a boyfriend , '' she admitted with another little blush . 
 `` just hookups . '' 
 how was that even possible ? 
 how could any man walk away from her after one taste ? 
 `` this is not a hookup . '' 
 i would not be done with her after one night . 
 `` then what is this ? '' 
 `` it 's whatever you want it to be . '' 
 i bent toward her mouth again , eager for another taste , and her lips moved against mine , whispering . 
 `` i need a drink . '' 
 `` no you do n't . '' 
 i ran one hand lightly up the cotton-covered side swell of her breast , and she caught her breath , as if the touch was new . 
 novel . 
 but how was that even possible ? 
 `` i do , noah . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because i want this -- whatever this is -- but i do n't know how to do this without ... help . '' 
 she did n't know how ... ? 
 i sat up , surprised to see that she suddenly looked terrified . 
 `` a drink wo n't help you ; it 'll numb you . '' 
 i let her see the heat in my gaze , evidence of how badly i wanted her , and just how well she did know how to `` do this . '' 
 `` you 're doing just fine . 
 better than fine . '' 
 `` but i 'm not . 
 i 'm thinking too much , and now i 'm babbling and making a fool of myself , and -- '' `` whoa , allie , there 's no pressure here . 
 no reason to be nervous . '' 
 no wonder she drank . 
 if the inside of her head was half as chaotic as the fractured thoughts and insecurities spilling out of her , i was n't sure how she made it out of bed in the morning without a sedative . 
 `` this should be fun . 
 we do n't have to do anything you do n't want to do . '' 
 `` but i do want ... whatever we 're allowed to do . '' 
 her hand slid into my grip tentatively , as if she were afraid i 'd push her away . 
 `` i just need a drink first . 
 to relax . 
 to get out of my own head . '' 
 `` you do n't need a drink to relax . '' 
 i tried to pull her closer , but her spine was stiff and her jaw was clenched , as if we 'd reached some line she could n't cross without a drink in her hand . 
 i leaned in until her hair brushed my cheek . 
 until her earlobe skimmed my lower lip . 
 `` what are you afraid of ? '' 
 i whispered , and she sucked in a quick breath . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you . 
 i 'm afraid of me . 
 of doing everything wrong . 
 i want ... things . 
 but i do n't know how to take them without over-thinking everything . 
 i need a drink . 
 just a small one . 
 just a beer . 
 do you have a beer ? '' 
 `` you do n't need a drink , '' i said , but she was n't really listening . 
 so i kissed her again , and finally she relaxed . 
 `` see ? '' 
 i said moments later , when she pulled just far enough away to look into my eyes . 
 `` you do n't need to be drunk . 
 you need to be kissed . '' 
 `` maybe i need both . '' 
 i shook my head slowly , without breaking eye contact . 
 `` i can help you forget about alcohol . '' 
 oh , please let me help you forget about alcohol . 
 her breathing quickened , and her heart raced so fast i could actually see the tops of her breasts jiggle a little with each beat . 
 `` how would you do that ? '' 
 i could n't resist a smile . 
 `` however you like . 
 there 's only one thing we ca n't do . '' 
 i leaned in and pulled her earlobe into my mouth , breathing in the smell of her shampoo and the clean scent of her skin as my hand slid up from her hip , over her waist until i felt the side of her breast against my palm again . 
 a touch that held infinite possibility , yet demanded nothing . 
 `` where do you want me ? '' 
 she shuddered , and i ached to feel her beneath me . 
 around me . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` shy girl . '' 
 i nibbled a trail down the side of her throat . 
 `` you can whisper , if you want . 
 or draw a picture . 
 hell , just point . 
 what do you like , allie ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said again , her words just a hint of sound breathed against my neck , and i realized she was serious . 
 `` i do n't remember . '' 
 `` you do n't remember what you like ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember what i 've done . '' 
 i sat up again , her fingers laced with mine , and found a heartbreaking blend of excitement and nerves in her eyes . 
 in the furrow between her eyebrows . 
 in the way her teeth chattered softly , her chin bouncing . 
 `` you do n't remember anything ? 
 you do n't remember sex ? '' 
 `` just flashes . 
 i 'm not good at much , noah , but i 'm good at drinking . 
 i 'm so good at it that i do n't even remember doing what ... tyler showed me . '' 
 anger built deep inside me . 
 that bastard knew she was drunk . 
 hell , she was barely conscious . 
 he never should have touched her . 
 i should have broken his whole fucking face . 
 maybe it was n't too late . 
 she frowned , and i realized she 'd misinterpreted my anger . 
 `` do n't worry , i get tested regularly . 
 i 'm clean . 
 and i 'm on the pill . 
 and i think i 've always used condoms , but honestly that part 's a little fuzzy -- '' i shook my head . 
 `` that 's not what ... '' allie 's frown deepened , and something fragile shattered behind her eyes , exposing a thread of steel she seemed surprised to have uncovered . 
 `` i 'm not doing that anymore , noah . '' 
 she stood , and suddenly her eyes looked shiny . 
 then she blinked and the shine was gone . 
 `` i promised violet i 'd get my life together , and i meant it . 
 at first , i thought that just meant getting the drinking under control , but it 's about more than that . 
 it 's about losing entire chunks of my life . 
 about giving them away -- throwing them away -- because i was too scared to admit what i wanted . 
 to take responsibility for what i was doing . 
 the internet remembers more of what i 've done than i do . 
 i 'd have to search youtube to come up with names and dates to put with what few faces i remember , and i 'm done with that . 
 i 'm not going to hook up with you tonight , then not see you again until you need another itch scratched . '' 
 `` that 's not fair , allie . 
 that 's not what this is . '' 
 i stood and grabbed her hand , pulling her back gently . 
 `` this is not a hookup . 
 i 'm not tyler . 
 and you 're not drunk . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` i should n't have ... i 'm sorry . '' 
 allie flushed , patting her pocket for her phone , then headed for the door . 
 `` this is my baggage , not yours . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 i reached for her again , but caught just the tips of her fingers . 
 `` do n't go . 
 please . 
 this is n't about my ... itches . 
 i 've been scratching those all on my own for quite a while now . 
 tonight 's about you . '' 
 i pulled her close , wrapping my arms all the way around her , then tilted my head to whisper into her ear , through her hair . 
 `` and i do n't want you to forget a single second of whatever we do , even if that turns out to be nothing but mariokart . '' 
 her laughter was half-sob , but when she pulled back to look at me , her smile reached her eyes . 
 `` no more mariokart . 
 that mall level 's a real bitch . 
 i keep going up the wrong escalator . '' 
 she sank onto the couch next to me and when i pulled her closer , she came willingly . 
 `` how the hell are you still single ? 
 jeanne-the-waitress said girls are tripping all over one another to help you break your pledge . '' 
 `` jeanne-the-waitress exaggerates . '' 
 allie laughed . 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` there 've been a few , but when they do n't get what they 're after , they move on . 
 abstinence is a deal breaker for most women . '' 
 `` even with all those other things you claim you can do ? '' 
 her left eyebrow rose into a delicate arch , and i realized she was teasing me . 
 which meant she was starting to relax . 
 `` you sound skeptical . 
 `` `` little bit . '' 
 she laughed , and i wanted her so badly my hands ached to feel her skin . 
 to touch her for real . 
 maybe i could n't have allie the way i wanted her , but she could sure as hell have me . 
 most of me , anyway . 
 `` challenge accepted . '' 
 i slid one hand beneath her hip and pulled her down onto the couch , her head propped on the pillowed arm . 
 she gasped at the sudden change in position , then bit her lip when i lowered myself over her , guiding her right leg around my waist , hating every square inch clothing separating us . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'm doing , noah . '' 
 i hated the resurgence of uncertainty in her eyes . 
 the anxiety . 
 i hated whatever it was that had led her to numb herself over and over , when she should have been free to enjoy . 
 to feel . 
 `` you do n't have to do a thing , other than relax , and there are ways to do that that do n't involve alcohol . '' 
 i slid my hand over the back of her thigh , smooth and firm , until thin denim came between me and soft , warm flesh . 
 `` have you ever had an orgasm , allie ? '' 
 her deepening flush was so adorable i wanted to know how much pinker she could get . 
 what she 'd look like as she came , hopefully moaning my name . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe . '' 
 `` you 'd remember , '' i whispered against her neck , just below her ear . 
 her head fell back , granting me greater access , and i swallowed a moan of my own . 
 i started at her neck , kissing , nibbling softly , and she made sweet little noises every time i found a spot she liked . 
 i worked my way over her collarbone toward her cleavage -- she had beautiful , full breasts -- while my hands inched beneath her shirt , lightly skimming her stomach , then her ribs , until goose bumps rose on her skin . 
 she arched into every touch with a raw , simple excitement , but still tensed every now and then , as if she 'd suddenly remembered where she was and what she was doing . 
 allie was right ; she desperately needed to crawl out of her own head and into the moment . 
 she was obviously more used to being grabbed than touched , and as angry as i was over what she 'd missed out on , i was unexpectedly pleased to realize i 'd be the first to show her how good her body could feel . 
 when her blouse became an intolerable obstacle , i rose until i could see her face . 
 `` i want to take off your shirt . '' 
 her eyes flew open , already glazed with pleasure , and we were just getting started . 
 `` i want to burn your entire wardrobe and dance in the ashes , '' she said , and i laughed out loud . 
 `` mine for yours ? '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 she sat up and reached for the hem of her tee , but i put my hands over hers . 
 `` i want to take off your shirt . '' 
 her gaze held mine while she raised her arms , and i pulled the material off slowly , running my hands over her skin on the way , savoring every second of contact . 
 touching allie was the closest i 'd come to breaking my pledge , and part of me was terrified that in the end , i would n't be able to resist her . 
 her shirt fell on the floor , and at first i could only stare , watching her chest rise and fall with each breath . 
 watching anticipation grow in her gaze with every second i resisted touching her . 
 watching her watch me . 
 `` you are beautiful , allison . '' 
 she reached for me , and i fought for patience while she pulled my shirt over my head . 
 her eyes widened and she dropped the material , her gaze sliding down my chest and over my stomach , where it snagged on my zipper -- or maybe on the bulge beneath . 
 allie reached out as if she 'd touch me , but her hand stopped so close to my stomach a particle of dust could n't have fit between us . 
 so close i could almost feel the warmth from her fingertips . 
 so close i became convinced she was a closet sadist , sent to torture me with innocent looks and delicate touches , when i wanted her to take what she wanted -- even if i was n't supposed to let either of us have that . 
 finally her fingers landed , followed by her entire palm . 
 i watched her eyes as her hand skimmed over my stomach , then settled in the center of my chest . 
 `` i do n't remember anything like this ... '' she whispered , and i could n't hold back a grunt of satisfaction . 
 she wanted me . 
 not just because of what i could do for her -- she did n't even seem to truly understand what that was . 
 not just so she could be the girl who 'd obliterated the club president 's vow of celibacy . 
 allie wanted me . 
 out of patience , i reached around to unhook her bra and take it off , then leaned her back again , suddenly desperate to taste more of her . 
 i took her nipple in my mouth , sucking lightly , and it hardened against my tongue . 
 she arched toward me , and i slid one hand beneath her , holding her closer as i sucked a little harder , trying to ignore the demands of my own body by pretending that patience would yield reward . 
 and maybe it would , but not in the short term . 
 not with allie beneath and around me . 
 not tonight . 
 i paid special attention to her breasts , fairly certain from her response that they 'd been neglected for far too long , but my free hand moved on its own , over the flat plane of her stomach and the dip of her belly button to where soft flesh gave way to a denim ridge and a metal button . 
 i shoved the button through its hole and tugged on the flap , then waited for an objection . 
 a hesitance . 
 when her hips arched toward me instead , i slid my hand lower , lower while she held her breath . 
 lower still , until i found her already hot and swollen , and damn well ready for what i was n't allowed to give her . 
 i groaned and closed my eyes , breathing deeply , fighting for patience . 
 restraint . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she whispered , tensing beneath me . 
 `` not a fucking thing . '' 
 i slid one finger lightly down her center , over the firm , sensitive little point , and allie gasped , so i did it again . 
 her head rolled to one side and her eyes closed , but she licked her lips . 
 and she let me play . 
 i stroked and teased and explored , and she made soft sounds i would surely hear in my dreams . 
 sounds i wanted to hear in my bed , and in my shower , and on my kitchen counter . 
 those little moans became my goal ; feeling her arch and squirm beneath me was my reward . 
 she was delicious -- a pleasure to every sense i had -- and with that realization came another . 
 allie might be the addict , but after knowing her for less than two days , i was n't entirely sure i could give her up , even if i had to . 
 and i would have to . 
 eventually . 
 but not tonight . 
 allie groaned when i pulled my hand back up over her stomach . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we 're not done . '' 
 i slid lower and tasted a trail down the center of her stomach as i slid her shorts and underwear over her hips . 
 when i rose to pull her clothes the rest of the way off , she sat up and reached for the button at my crotch . 
 `` that 's not a good idea , '' i said , running my hands over the soles of her feet as i slid her sandals off . 
 `` but i 'm naked , and you 're ... '' she glanced pointedly at the prominent bulge beneath my zipper , and i laughed . 
 `` it 'll keep . 
 trust me . '' 
 `` but that 's not fair . '' 
 i took a deep breath , then tried to explain . 
 `` allie , my willpower is damn near legendary , but you 're almost more than i can handle . 
 almost . 
 so lie back and let me handle you . '' 
 her eyes widened and her cheeks flushed again . 
 then she gave me a tiny smile and leaned back on the arm of the couch . 
 i slid my hands beneath her thighs and over her fucking miracle of an ass , then angled her toward the edge of the couch as i sank to the floor on my knees . 
 she stared down at me with huge , nervous eyes as i spread her legs and settled into the exquisite space between . 
 `` seeing is different than touching , '' she said , brow furrowed . 
 `` yes , and tasting is better than both . 
 relax , '' i whispered , and she nodded , but she was still tense , so i slid one hand over her hip and up her side to cup her breast , rubbing my thumb softly across her nipple , and she finally let her head fall back against the arm of the couch . 
 i dropped a kiss low on her stomach , then another on the arch of her pubic bone while i stroked her lightly with one finger until she started making those sounds again , arching her hips into my touch . 
 then i moved lower and let my mouth play where only my fingers had been before . 
 allie gasped at the first stroke of my tongue . 
 her hand clenched the edge of the couch cushion , and i throbbed so hot and hard i had to shift into a more forgiving position to keep from losing control of my own needs . 
 i tilted her hips up with both hands , still licking long and slow , and she opened wider for me . 
 `` oh ... '' she breathed , and i went faster , flicking my tongue over the firm tip of her , my left hand wrapped over the outside of her thigh . 
 i lifted her left leg and laid it over my shoulder , then let my rhythm build . 
 faster . 
 tighter . 
 when she began to rock toward me , wordlessly demanding more , i slid one finger inside her , and was rewarded with an inarticulate moan of pleasure . 
 a second finger made her thighs clench , and when my hand matched the rhythm of my tongue she gripped the back of the couch with her free hand and finally let her legs relax completely . 
 `` you are not a virgin . '' 
 i replaced my tongue with my thumb , and she groaned . 
 `` not even close . 
 but you may as well be . '' 
 she was so tight . 
 so hot . 
 so wet i almost felt guilty for withholding what we both wanted . 
 but she was close . 
 possibly for the very first time . 
 `` here . '' 
 i grabbed a throw pillow from the other end of the couch and set it on her stomach . 
 `` the walls are thin . '' 
 she looked puzzled until my tongue reclaimed its territory , and she sucked in another breath . 
 i stroked faster , sliding deeper into her over and over , pressing up with each gentle plunge until she cried out and clenched around my fingers . 
 allie pressed the pillow against her mouth with one hand and slid the other into my hair while she came in a series of spasms so hot and tight i actually became jealous of my own fingers . 
 when it was over -- when the pillow had tumbled to the floor -- i rose to lay my head on her stomach and slowly withdrew my fingers while she trembled . 
 `` holy shit , '' she murmured and i laughed , then kissed her belly button and rose to lie next to her on the couch . 
 `` if that 's what you can do with abstinence , i think it was just plain selfish of you to sign that damn pledge . 
 where do you get off denying the world your true potential ? '' 
 `` i do n't get off . 
 that 's the whole point , '' i said , without bothering to filter frustration from my voice . 
 `` but why ? 
 i mean , that 's like a fucking superpower . 
 would it be fair of spiderman to refuse to shoot webs and climb buildings when people need him ? '' 
 i chuckled and leaned closer to kiss her , then whispered into her ear . 
 `` i may not be allowed to shoot webs anymore , but i will climb you any time you need me . 
 you do n't even have to ask . '' 
 she made a low , satisfied sound when i slid my leg between her bare thighs , and her hand clenched around my bicep . 
 `` so ... '' i said , with a quick suck at her ear lobe . 
 `` was that the first time ? '' 
 she nodded , shuddering when my thigh slid deeper between her legs . 
 `` you were right . 
 i would have remembered . '' 
 `` you never tried it on your own ? '' 
 `` of course i tried . '' 
 she brushed hair away from her face and kissed the back edge of my jaw , then moved toward my ear . 
 i tilted my head back to give her better access . 
 `` i 've read about it . '' 
 `` you 've read about it ? '' 
 i was unreasonably turned on by the thought of her propped up on a pillow in bed , holding a dirty book in one hand and getting to know herself with the other . 
 `` yes . 
 i knew what was supposed to happen . 
 at least , i thought i did . 
 alas , i 'm not as good with my hands as you are . '' 
 `` we 'll have to work on that . '' 
 that , and so much more ... `` you want me to ... ? 
 while you watch ? '' 
 she looked both horrified and intrigued . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 `` you 're adorable when you blush . 
 it makes me want to say dirty things , just to watch your cheeks turn pink . '' 
 `` is that what you 're doing now ? '' 
 she propped herself on one elbow and frowned down at me , her hair brushing the cushion beneath us . 
 `` or were you serious about me and ... myself ? '' 
 i laughed and ignored her question . 
 `` that said , your cheeks are n't the pinkest part of you . '' 
 her flush deepened , and i rose to kiss her heated forehead . 
 `` well , they might be now . '' 
 how could any of those other assholes have been content to screw her without truly fucking her ? 
 without feeling her clench , and writhe , and hearing her cry out ? 
 what was the point , if she did n't like what they were doing ? 
 if she could n't even remember it ? 
 they were idiots , every one , but they did n't matter anymore , and i was kind of glad she could n't remember them . 
 and even more glad that she would damn well remember me . 
 finally , when her flush had faded and her skin had started to cool , allie sat up and reached for her clothes . 
 i pulled her back down . 
 `` do n't go . '' 
 `` ever ? 
 that might interfere with some classes ... '' `` do n't go now . 
 do n't go tonight . '' 
 she laid one hand on my chest , while mine snaked over her bare waist and pulled her closer . 
 `` you really want me to stay ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 allie frowned . 
 `` you think if i go home , i 'll drink . '' 
 `` yes , but that 's not why i want you to stay . '' 
 i was n't sure if she believed me , but she did n't argue . 
 her hips shifted against me , and i could n't hold back a groan . 
 i was so hard it almost hurt . 
 she pulled away and reached for the bulge between us , smiling . 
 `` well , at least let me -- '' `` no , '' i said , and she looked up in surprise . 
 `` that 's not why i want you to stay either . 
 i told you , tonight 's about you . '' 
 and that was true . 
 but the rest of the truth was that i had n't been with a woman in a long time , and i 'd never wanted anyone like i wanted allie . 
 i would n't last ninety-seconds if she tried to touch me . 
 but i was n't done touching her . 
 so i stood and lifted her , and her arms slid around my neck while i wrapped her naked legs around my waist . 
 then i took her to my bedroom . 
 chapter six allie i woke up in noah 's bed , with his arm wrapped around me , wearing nothing but a sheet . 
 my head did n't hurt . 
 my mouth was n't dry . 
 i did n't feel like puking . 
 i was n't dizzy . 
 i 'd woken up in strange beds before , but never with the guy still next to me . 
 never without a hangover . 
 never with noah . 
 he 'd asked me to stay . 
 warmth spread through me on the heels of that thought . 
 i was n't sure what to do the morning after , since searching for clothes and stumbling out onto the sidewalk were n't necessary . 
 should i go back to sleep ? 
 should i wake him up ? 
 make coffee ? 
 i turned to face him slowly , trying not to jostle the mattress , but his eyes were already open by the time i found them . 
 noah smiled and brushed a strand of hair from my forehead . 
 `` morning . '' 
 `` i drew the same conclusion . 
 sunlight 's a dead giveaway . '' 
 i had n't seen eight a.m. in months . 
 and suddenly i was miserably aware that i needed a toothbrush . 
 `` you have class today ? '' 
 i sat up , holding the sheet to my chest , and he sat with me . 
 `` not until eleven . 
 you ? '' 
 `` not till fall . 
 got ta be at work in an hour , though . '' 
 work . 
 i did n't even know what he did for a living . 
 though after last night , i knew exactly what he did -- and what he did n't do -- for fun . 
 `` where do you work ? '' 
 `` gold 's fitness . 
 i 'm a trainer . '' 
 no wonder he looked like he lived at the gym . 
 he practically did . 
 `` is that fun ? '' 
 `` it 's bullshit . '' 
 he shrugged , and i watched muscles shift beneath his skin like a snake watching its charmer , fully aware that if i did n't look away soon , i might never be able to . 
 he was gorgeous . 
 `` but i have unlimited access to the equipment , and since i 'm full time , there 's medical . '' 
 `` you go to school and work full time ? 
 and have insurance ? '' 
 and knew exactly how to make a girl scream , and when to hand her a pillow to scream into . 
 `` what are you , a grown up ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i only take nine hours a semester , and i do n't go summers . 
 i 'm finally almost done , though . 
 what do you do when you 're not in class ? '' 
 `` i man the desk at the dorm five afternoons a week . 
 the pay is crap , but not much happens , and the enforced sobriety lets me get in some studying . 
 my advisor thought it 'd be a good fit for my scholarship . '' 
 `` you 're on scholarship ? '' 
 he looked impressed , but i already regretted mentioning it . 
 `` i was . '' 
 thanks to strong verbal scores and vi 's help with math . 
 `` i lost the funds last semester over an eight a.m. calculus class . 
 my advisor said i might get the scholarship back if i ace the summer retake . 
 she seems to think i have ` untapped potential . '' ' 
 noah leaned forward and kissed me , despite my morning breath . 
 `` i 'm guessing the pun was unintentional , but based on last night , i 'd say she 's right . '' 
 i flushed at the memory of what we 'd done . 
 what he 'd done . 
 twice . 
 how could i have done so much before , yet experienced so little ? 
 `` go out with me again , allie , '' he said , and i looked up to find noah watching me , the gray striped sheet twisted around his leg . 
 `` or ... stay in with me again . '' 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i said , and he nodded . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` why would you even ask that ? '' 
 i hesitated , reluctant to push him away with the truth , but even more reluctant to let him believe i was something i was n't . 
 `` because i 'm a disaster . 
 seriously , violet says they 're going to name the next hurricane after me . '' 
 and it did n't seem fair to condemn a man who 'd already given up sex to another night spent with a girl suffering alcohol withdrawal . 
 `` i 'm not in a great place right now . '' 
 he pulled me into his lap , and i let him , because nothing in my entire life had ever felt as good as touching noah . 
 as being touched by him . 
 `` you 're in exactly the right place . '' 
 he rocked me against him , to emphasize the point . 
 i groaned as heat spread through me . 
 `` okay , i do n't think my high school debate coach would recognize that as a valid rebuttal , but you raise a good point . '' 
 a good long , hard point . 
 `` but you know what i mean . 
 i 've done this before . 
 i 've tried to do this . 
 and i 've always failed . '' 
 his hands roamed my bare back slowly . 
 `` i know what cold turkey means . 
 i know what you 're going through , and i know how to help . 
 i want to help . '' 
 his hand slid over my shoulder and down my arm . 
 `` and you made it through last night just fine . '' 
 i ran one hand over his chest , half-lost in naughty memories . 
 `` i was n't exactly thinking about drinking last night . '' 
 `` that 's my point . 
 i do n't think you 're chemically addicted . 
 i think you 're psychologically addicted . 
 you only think you need to drink , to help you deal with social interactions . '' 
 and in the recent past , my social interactions had pretty much been limited to bar hookups and frat parties . 
 `` you 're a psych major ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` physical therapy . 
 i was lucky in afghanistan , but i know lots of guys who came back with permanent trauma . 
 some missing limbs . 
 someday i 'll be able to help , '' he said , and i ran my fingers over the scrolling `` semper fi '' tattooed around his massive left bicep . 
 he 'd seen things i could n't imagine , and instead of running from them -- or killing his memory , one brain cell at a time -- he was spending years in school , learning to give back . 
 the guy was a fucking saint , wrapped in a us flag . 
 i wanted to wrap him in me , and for one irrational instant , i kind of wanted to scrawl my own name somewhere on him , just to lay claim . 
 would `` allie calls dibs ! '' 
 be completely inappropriate , printed across his six-pack , if i picked a nice masculine font ? 
 noah ducked to catch my gaze . 
 `` i 'm not a martyr , allie . 
 pt 's a paying gig . 
 even for the va. . 
 but i 'm also a veteran of many al-anon meetings , courtesy of my sister . 
 so i do know what you 're going through . '' 
 `` okay , but -- '' `` look . '' 
 noah took both my hands . 
 `` alcohol , sex , it does n't matter . 
 it 's not about what you give up ; it 's about taking control of your life . 
 you promised your friend , and you promised yourself . 
 are you going to keep your word ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i nodded , more to convince myself than to convince him . 
 `` i 'm fully committed to my oath . '' 
 `` and i 'm committed to mine . 
 so we 'll help each other . '' 
 my brows rose , and i let one hand trail over his smooth , hard chest . 
 `` you do n't seem to need much help keeping your word . '' 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 his gaze was scaldingly intimate , and memories from the night before burned hot and low inside me . 
 `` but i know a thing or two about willpower , and if you 'd actually read that pledge , you 'd know that the first part of what you promised involves avoiding temptation . 
 i can help you do that . '' 
 i nearly choked on disbelief . 
 `` you seriously think going out with you -- staying in with you -- would be avoiding temptation ? '' 
 noah was sin on a stick -- like a sex popsicle -- and all i 'd really wanted to do since the moment i 'd met him was take a big lick . 
 `` i meant the temptation to drink . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` last night 's distraction seemed to work . '' 
 `` so , your plan is to distract me from any future alcohol cravings like you did last night ? '' 
 be still , my throbbing loins ... `` in endless variations ... '' he pulled me closer and tucked my legs around his waist , and suddenly i felt embarrassingly , tragically inexperienced . 
 yet eager to learn . 
 `` how the hell am i supposed to say no to that ? '' 
 `` you 're not . '' 
 his hands slid lower , cradling my backside , and i wished he were as naked as i was . 
 `` i will never ask you to do something you should say no to . '' 
 he leaned in and lifted me until my ear brushed his lips . 
 `` but you 're going to say yes to everything i do ask you for , and you 'll be very ... '' he dropped a kiss just below my ear . 
 `` ... glad ... '' another kiss landed on the edge of my jaw . 
 `` ... you did . '' 
 the third kiss was actually a light suck on my left nipple , and warmth slid down my insides to pulse where my naked body met the bulge throbbing hot and hard beneath both the sheet and his boxer briefs . 
 `` yes ... '' i whispered as his mouth met mine . 
 *** `` hey , '' brenna stood when i stepped into the reception area on the first floor of the dorm , ready to give up her chair at the desk now that she was officially off-duty . 
 `` heard anything from violet ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 i set my backpack beneath the desk and grabbed a soda from the mini-fridge . 
 `` she 's allowed to have visitors , but i 'm trying to give her some time to adjust . 
 i hear the first week is hell , thanks to all the room service and massages . '' 
 but the truth was that she did n't want to see me . 
 not yet . 
 `` i saw you out with noah again last night . '' 
 brenna grinned , hooking her purse strap over one shoulder . 
 `` looks like it 's getting serious ... '' she let her arched brows ask the silent question . 
 is it ? 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it 's only been a week , but it 's as serious as it can be , i guess . 
 considering . '' 
 `` the whole abstinence thing . '' 
 brenna nodded gravely , as if celibacy were a terminal condition , worthy of sympathy . 
 `` so he still wo n't ... ? '' 
 had she just given up on complete sentences ? 
 `` everything but . 
 and it 's amazing . '' 
 i could n't hide what was probably a scandalous smile . 
 `` like , unreal . '' 
 i sat on the edge of the desk and she sank back into the chair , obviously willing to delay her escape in exchange for details about my erotic encounters with the world 's hottest barely-celibate ex-marine . 
 `` he 's a very talented man . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 brenna 's brows dipped low over brown eyes . 
 `` because he 's kind of notoriously hands-off . '' 
 `` oh , totally . '' 
 in fact , i was already flushing again with the memory of how many parts of my body he had n't been able to keep his `` hands off . '' 
 `` says who ? '' 
 `` says everyone . 
 i had intro psych with him a couple of semesters ago , and couple of girls who sat behind him thought they could get him to give it up if they worked together . 
 if you know what i mean . '' 
 her brows rose and her head tilted . 
 `` the potted plant knows what you mean . '' 
 i glanced at the fake fern in one corner of the reception area with a grin . 
 `` whatever . 
 my point is that he thanked them politely for the offer , then sent them on their way without so much as a kiss to write home about . 
 but you ... '' i could n't resist a private , heated smile at the thought that i might be the only girl in years that noah had n't pushed away . 
 not that he 'd truly let me in , either . 
 the man 's fly was sealed up tighter than the fucking space shuttle . 
 brenna grinned as if she understood . 
 `` i guess there 's more than one way to keep a man happy , huh ? '' 
 my exhalation sounded as frustrated as it felt . 
 `` i would n't know . 
 he still wo n't let me touch him . '' 
 she swiveled in her chair to face me . 
 `` wait , at all ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` he 's a giver . '' 
 and a man of his word . 
 `` well , he used to be a player . 
 i think that 's why so many girls have tried to take him off the shelf and put him back into service . 
 he used to hand it out like candy , then a couple of years ago ... bam . '' 
 she clapped , and i actually jumped . 
 `` nothin . 
 now he heads up that weird celibacy club -- though i 'm guessing he does n't mention all the fun you two are having lately -- and no one i know has any idea why he signed the pledge . '' 
 the day before , noah and i had arrived separately for my second worth the wait meeting , and while we 'd shared more than a few heated looks , we 'd stayed across the room from each other by a mutual but unspoken understanding that if we got too close , there would be touching of body parts not often touched -- or even acknowledged -- at a celibacy club meeting . 
 and once that happened , no one would believe we had n't broken our vows . 
 after only two meetings , i knew the rest of the group would n't be as eager as he and i were to embrace the technicality . 
 when i looked up , i found brenna watching me , still waiting for an answer to a question she had n't actually asked . 
 `` um . 
 he said he signed for a girl . '' 
 `` well , if he signed the oath for one girl , could n't he break it for another ? '' 
 maybe , but i was not going to pressure him to break his vow , no matter how badly i wanted all of him , because i did n't want him to thank me politely for the offer , then send me on my way . 
 `` he will . 
 when he gets married . '' 
 her eyes widened again , and i realized she 'd drawn a drastically inaccurate conclusion . 
 `` that 's not what i meant . 
 we 're not ... we just met a week ago ! '' 
 brenna crossed her arms over her chest and grinned up at me , rocking the wheeled chair with one foot on the ground . 
 `` if he 's that skilled a soldier without even unholstering his gun , maybe you should marry him . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , glad she could n't see the spike in my pulse at the very thought of what noah and i had yet to share . 
 and the thought of a future with him . 
 `` i 'm not going to get married just because a guy knows how to use his hands . '' 
 and his mouth . 
 and my hands . 
 and certain gentle friction fabrics , which -- as it turns out -- have multiple uses and can be quite stimulating . 
 `` besides , that 's not even the point . 
 i 've been going through something , and he 's been there for me every night since i met him . 
 and there 's nothing in it for him . 
 nothing . 
 if anything , i 've made his life more difficult , but there he is . 
 just because i need him . '' 
 brenna frowned at me through narrowed eyes , assessing all the things i had n't said . 
 `` you quit drinking , '' she said at last , and i nodded . 
 `` violet went to rehab , and you quit drinking . 
 how 'd that even happen ? '' 
 `` do n't ask . 
 it 's complicated . 
 but i would n't have gotten this far without noah . '' 
 after brenna left , i spent two hours answering phones , handing out what little snail mail still came for my fellow students and studying calculus in the down time . 
 my cell phone rang , and i could n't resist a smile when i saw noah 's number . 
 `` what ' cha doing ? '' 
 he said into my ear , and in the background , i heard the clank of weights , the whir of stationary bikes , and the occasional shout of encouragement . 
 he was at work . 
 `` calculus . 
 you ? '' 
 `` taking a break . 
 what time do you get off ? '' 
 `` typically about ten minutes after i walk into your apartment , '' i said , and he laughed . 
 `` i 'm done here at five . 
 you ? '' 
 `` not till seven , but i have another break at five thirty , if you want to come by . '' 
 `` was that another pun ? '' 
 `` hell yes , '' he said , and i rolled my eyes , though he could n't see me . 
 `` should i bring dinner ? '' 
 `` you are dinner . '' 
 i swiveled in my chair , turning my back to the lobby so no one could see the flames burning in my face . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 `` well , i would n't say no to a burger , but we 'll call that dessert . 
 and allie ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` wear a skirt . 
 something loose . '' 
 *** `` can i help you ? '' 
 a man in a blue training shirt leaned against the front of the `` membership desk , '' rescuing me from a receptionist in a purple sports bra who looked like she could probably bench press my entire body . 
 with one insanely over-developed arm . 
 `` i 'm here to see noah porter . '' 
 `` do you have a session scheduled ? '' 
 the woman asked , and the guy in front of me laughed , showing off a wide , friendly smile and a jaw evidently chiseled out of solid beefcake . 
 this was n't a gym , it was a muscle factory . 
 there was probably some big room in the back where robotic arms assembled slabs of beefcake one muscle-bound limb at a time . 
 i wondered if i could place an order to go . 
 then i remembered that noah and i would be dining in . 
 the name stitched beneath `` gold 's fitness '' on the man 's shirt was m. coleman , and the letters tattooed on his arm , black as sin against smooth , dark skin , read , `` usmc . '' 
 ah . 
 another marine . 
 coleman glanced at the fast-food bag i held , then his bright-eyed gaze found mine . 
 `` oh , she 's scheduled , but it 's not that kind of session . '' 
 he laughed , without even a glance at the oddly muscle-bound girl . 
 `` you must be allison . '' 
 `` noah mentioned me ? '' 
 why did that thought make me smile like a fool ? 
 `` only every twenty minutes for the past week , '' he said , and warmth tingled deep in my stomach . 
 i was n't accustomed to being ... mentionable . 
 `` come on , i 'll take you back . '' 
 `` micah , right ? '' 
 i said as coleman led me down a glass-walled hall , past large rooms full of weight machines , stationary bikes , and women in the middle of some high intensity step class . 
 coleman 's name was familiar from what noah 'd told me about his time as a marine -- an lav crewman -- and the tattoo was a clear hint . 
 `` you were in combat with noah ? '' 
 `` twice . 
 four years in the corps . 
 one tour in afghanistan , one in iraq . '' 
 `` and now you both work here ? '' 
 he nodded as we passed a set of locker rooms and a suite of offices . 
 `` college boy got me the job when i rejoined the civilian world last year . 
 i needed a hand , and he likes to fix things . '' 
 `` yes , he does , '' i said , and micah 's amused look told me he was privy to the only-semi-celibate nature of my relationship with noah . 
 but that was fair , considering what i 'd told brenna . 
 what i 'd wanted to tell violet . 
 i missed her more than i 'd thought possible , and having noah only made that worse . 
 i wanted to tell her about him . 
 all about him . 
 i wanted her to see him , and get to know him , and confirm for me that he was as amazing as i thought he was . 
 i wanted her to see that i 'd finally made a very good decision . 
 `` porter fixing you too ? '' 
 micah stopped in front of a door that read , `` staff only , '' clearly blocking the way . 
 evidently he was n't done deciding that i was good enough for noah , and suddenly i was worried he would n't come to that conclusion . 
 and i could n't really blame him . 
 `` um ... kind of . '' 
 `` he 's good people , allison . 
 he deserves -- '' i crossed my arms over my chest , the paper bag still clutched in my right fist . 
 `` if this is where you tell me not to hurt him -- '' micah shook his head . 
 `` porter can take care of himself . 
 been doin ' that for a couple ' a years now , on a personal level , and i 'm not even gon na pretend i get it . 
 that whole club 's fucking crazy . 
 except it ai n't fuckin ' crazy , you know ? 
 what i 'm saying is that the man 's crammed hard between that proverbial rock and a configuration of very soft places . '' 
 his gaze wandered down my body , but did n't linger or leer . 
 it was a compliment , not a come-on . 
 `` he 's not stuck between me and the celibacy club . 
 i 'm a member too . 
 i 'm not out to violate his oath , or mine , i swear . '' 
 `` between you and the club ? '' 
 micah 's eyes narrowed as he searched my gaze for something -- comprehension ? 
 -- but obviously did n't find whatever he was looking for . 
 `` that 's not where he 's stuck , hon. but he is in a tough spot , so what i 'm saying is that if he 's gon na take that kind of risk for you , the least you can do is make it worth his while . '' 
 `` meaning what , exactly ? '' 
 but i was pretty sure i knew what he meant . 
 micah 's gaze dropped to my mouth , and i could already feel my face flame . 
 `` it 's better to give than to receive , hon. '' `` that is so none of your business . '' 
 i lowered my voice and glanced behind me , to make sure no one else could overhear . 
 `` but for the record , i tried . 
 he wo n't let me -- '' micah held up one hand , and i bit off the rest of my sentence . 
 `` you 're allergic to cucumbers . 
 you never see the movie until you 've read the book , and your arch nemesis is the dreaded decimal point . 
 your shampoo smells like fruit , but your lotion is vanilla , which means your boy pops a hard-on every time someone walks by with a piece of pie . 
 and rumor has it you possess the single hottest pair of pink cutoff shorts the fashion industry has ever produced . '' 
 i blinked at him , stunned beyond words . 
 `` one guess how i know all that . '' 
 `` please tell me you 're psychic . '' 
 but the sudden existence-jarring thud of my heart said otherwise , and micah 's head shake confirmed it . 
 `` he talks about me . '' 
 `` the boy 's been bit . 
 hard . 
 there 's only one thing in the world he 'd say no to , with you askin ' , and i do n't know how long he 's gon na last on that , so i hope you 're strong , hon , because if not , you 're dangerous . '' 
 dangerous ? 
 in my whole life , no one had ever considered me dangerous . 
 how much could that oath possibly mean to him ? 
 `` so maybe give it one more shot , to keep the poor man from reaching for that forbidden fruit . 
 oral 's moral , baby . '' 
 before i could recover from surprise enough to respond , he pushed the door open and held it for me . 
 `` twenty minutes , man , '' micah said , still holding my gaze with a twinkling , good-humored one of his own while noah stood from a seat in the employee break room . 
 `` then becker 's back on shift . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i owe you , '' noah said . 
 `` more than you know ... '' micah backed out of the room with a cryptic smile . 
 noah locked the door behind him , then turned and pulled me close , his hands at my hips . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` he 's your friend . 
 who 's becker ? '' 
 `` manager . 
 he 's on his dinner break , and we have the room to ourselves until he gets back . '' 
 `` the break room ? '' 
 i glanced around at a single round table for six , a kitchenette , and an old weight bench with duct tape covering rips in the vinyl . 
 `` but wo n't people know ... ? '' 
 `` who cares what they know ? 
 or think they know ? '' 
 i must have looked unsure , because he grinned and pulled me farther into the room . 
 `` if you 're feeling shy , you 'll have to bite your lip . 
 we 're fresh out of couch pillows . '' 
 `` i 'm not shy . '' 
 at least , i 'd never considered myself shy before , but what i 'd discovered after a week of sobriety was that boldness really could be administered in one and a half ounce doses , like cough syrup . 
 special , twenty-one-and-over syrup . 
 not that i 'd turned twenty-one yet . 
 but my concern at the moment had less to do with my already smudged reputation than with his . 
 i did n't want to be responsible for the perception that he 'd broken his oath , especially if micah was right , and it was that important to him . 
 i could not be the girl who dethroned the abstinence king . 
 `` we could just have dinner . '' 
 i held up the burger bag , and noah took it from me and set it on the table next to his water bottle . 
 `` we do n't always have to -- '' he cut off my largely insincere protest with a kiss . 
 `` there 's no have to , allie . 
 only want to . 
 unless you do n't want ... ? '' 
 `` no , i always want you . '' 
 every second of the day , in every sense of the word `` want . '' 
 `` but i do n't want you to think that 's all i 'm here for . 
 i do n't want to use you . '' 
 noah stared down into my eyes for so long i started to worry that i 'd said the wrong thing . 
 or lapsed into pig latin . 
 then he slid one hand over my jaw to cup my face , and pulled me closer for another kiss . 
 `` you 're not using me , '' he said , as his fingers slid into my hair . 
 `` you 're making me very , very happy . '' 
 `` i could be making you happier . '' 
 i let my hands slide down his chest , toward the waistband of his gym shorts . 
 `` you 're long overdue ... '' `` there 's no scoreboard . '' 
 `` okay , but if there were , you 'd be winning at sex , and -- '' `` allie , we 're both losing at sex , in case you had n't noticed . '' 
 `` i have noticed that -- not that i think about it all day long or anything -- so i 'm thinking maybe you should take one for the team . 
 kick a field goal . 
 or hit a foul ball . 
 wait , what kind of sports metaphor is this , anyway ? '' 
 noah chuckled . 
 `` allie , i 've loved every moment we 've spent together . 
 even the ones spent fully clothed . 
 you make me laugh . 
 you make me think . 
 and i 've never in my life seen anything sexier -- anything more fucking beautiful -- than your face , when your head 's thrown back and your eyes are closed , and your hands are clenched around my sheets , or my couch cushions , or the edge of my kitchen counter , or the top of my shower door . 
 i have never in my life wanted anything like i want to touch you right ... now . '' 
 he leaned in for another kiss , and in that moment i would have given him anything he asked for . 
 so much for being the strong one . 
 `` mmmm ... your tongue is more talented than i ever gave it credit for , '' i said as his mouth trailed over my chin and down my neck . 
 `` that was the truth . '' 
 `` in unfiltered , undiluted , panty-dropper concentration . 
 i mean , i 'd listen to you read a grocery list , if you read it naked and made it rhyme , but that was way better than a pound of butter , a gallon of milk , and a loaf of bread . '' 
 `` you 're making me hungry . 
 come here . '' 
 he took my hand and tugged me toward the back of the break room , and i followed like a puppy on a leash . 
 `` why do you smell so good , if you work at a gym ? '' 
 `` when we 're good , they let us use the showers . '' 
 `` and when you 're bad ? '' 
 `` when we 're bad , we get very , very dirty ... '' noah sat on the weight bench and swung one leg over to straddle the end , then pulled me into the space between his legs . 
 his hands slid beneath my tee , dragging the material up slowly , his fingers scalding against skin suddenly cold from the air conditioning . 
 `` what if someone comes in ? '' 
 i whispered when his hands skimmed over my arms , drawing them up as he pulled the material over my head . 
 `` dinner 's our slowest time of day , coleman 's standing watch , and the door 's locked . '' 
 `` but someone could slip by him . 
 the lock could fail . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 we could get caught . '' 
 my shirt fell on the floor and noah bent until his mouth found the sensitive spot on the underside of my left breast , and my nipple drew into a hard point in anticipation . 
 `` how does that make you feel ? '' 
 at first , the idea made me uncomfortable . 
 i 'd been `` caught '' by the entire internet , put on display doing things i could n't remember , filmed without permission by people who 'd conveniently left out their own faces and names , abandoning me on an island of scorn . 
 but there was no camera here . 
 noah was n't ashamed of me or of his involvement with me . 
 and if we were caught , he had the most to lose . 
 he was taking the risk . 
 i would not be hung out to dry on my own . 
 beyond that , the risk was n't real . 
 it was a game . 
 a what-if intended to heighten sensation . 
 and when he started to talk to me , whispering words against my skin as his mouth explored , the possibility of discovery became fantasy , and the fantasy became ... intriguing . 
 `` it 'd be a guy . '' 
 noah 's hands slid around my ribcage to my back , and a second later my bra fell loose . 
 `` he probably saw you come in , and anyone who saw you would want to see more . '' 
 `` you tell pretty , pretty lies ... '' i ran my fingers slowly over his shoulders and pushed back my discomfort with his claim . 
 my disbelief . 
 he meant well , but we both knew that a man 's dick was a human compass , and for a straight man , true north was any warm , tight space , with enough curves to hold onto . 
 there were hundreds of those on the asu rio verde campus alone . 
 noah was the only man who 'd ever wanted me specifically . 
 visibly and mentionably . 
 without fun-allie . 
 `` no lies , allie . '' 
 he slid my bra over my arms and dropped it . 
 `` no man could see you and not want you , '' he murmured against the lower curve of my breast , and i wanted to argue , but i 'd suddenly lost verbal faculty . 
 noah worked his way over me , whispering about what he 'd like to see us do if he were the man outside the door , aching to touch me , but allowed to experience me only through my lover 's hands and mouth . 
 he was so open about what he wanted to do and how it would look from that crack in the door that i could almost believe there was someone watching , and suddenly i wanted to give the poor , lonely pervert a good show . 
 but within minutes , i 'd forgotten about our imaginary audience . 
 all i could feel -- all i could think about -- was noah . 
 he lingered in all the places we 'd discovered that i loved , drawing inarticulate sounds of pleasure from me . 
 leaving me weak with need and lost in a storm of sensations too primal to surrender to description . 
 but noah spoke the language of my desire . 
 he 'd learned every moan and gasp , and he knew how to coax each sound out of me at will . 
 when my hands tightened in his hair and my body began straining for him , the fronts of my thighs pressed firmly against the edge of the bench , he finally slid his hands beneath my skirt . 
 slowly . 
 his fingers stopped at the curve of my backside . 
 `` you 're not wearing -- '' his voice cracked and fell apart beneath the weight of his lust as his hands clenched around my bare skin . 
 `` i thought that might save time . 
 it was a practical decision , really . '' 
 `` you drove here with no underwear on ? '' 
 the words were a gruff growl , so low and rough they must have scraped his throat raw . 
 `` uh huh . '' 
 i put my hands over his and adjusted his grip , and he groaned . 
 his fingers slid higher and his eyes fell closed . 
 `` and you walked through the gym with nothing under your skirt ? '' 
 i grinned and my fingers slid into his hair . 
 `` nothing but hot , wet hope . 
 you think coleman could tell ? '' 
 noah groaned and lifted me by my hips , raising my skirt with the motion , then set me on his lap . 
 he wrapped my legs around his waist and my feet settled onto the vinyl at his back . 
 he began to rock into me without letting go of my hips . 
 rubbing me gently against the bulge in his thin , silky gym shorts . 
 i looked down into his eyes , gripping his shoulders . 
 rocking with him . 
 letting sensation build as the slick friction increased with every movement . 
 then noah 's grip on my hips tightened and he slid backward on the bench , pulling me with him . 
 he lowered himself slowly onto his back , his head on the ripped head rest , and my heart thumped when he lifted me onto my knees , then began to tug me forward . 
 when his chin disappeared beneath the hem of my short skirt , he turned his head and guided first my left knee then my right onto the wide support bar beneath the headrest , which could be adjusted to any height , to accommodate a range of exercises on the machine . 
 the bar placement was so convenient i almost found it hard to believe the bench had n't been designed precisely for what he obviously had in mind . 
 `` hold on here . '' 
 noah lifted my hands onto the u-shaped metal pieces at the top of two poles meant to hold the barbell when it was n't in use . 
 before i could find a good grip , he took my thighs , just above my knees , and carefully pushed my legs farther apart . 
 i gasped and clutched at the metal until it bit into my skin , then shuddered when i felt his breath on my most private places . 
 his hands slid up my thighs , drawing both chills and heat along the line of my legs to where they met in a throbbing , aching configuration of very sensitive parts . 
 noah stroked , and licked , and teased until my grip on the barbell tray was the only thing holding me up . 
 his tongue plunged into me , then slid over me in a slick dance of anticipation and erotic suspense . 
 when i closed my eyes , my breath coming in ragged , gasping inhalations , two of his fingers slid inside me , and i cried out as i fell over the edge of pleasure into a tight , hot euphoria where nothing existed but him beneath me , and inside me , and within me in a way that reached beyond flesh and into a connection i could n't define , but could not deny , either . 
 i wanted noah . 
 i needed him , and it was n't just about not-quite-sex , or about how good he was at it . 
 he was good at it because he gave a damn . 
 because he wanted to make me happy . 
 i wanted the same for him . 
 chapter seven noah allie swung one leg over me and stood , and for a second , i could only breathe slowly , trying to control the engorged throbbing in my gym shorts . 
 her skirt fell into place over slim , bare thighs , hiding parts of her that -- in spite of my voyeuristic fantasy -- i suddenly realized i did n't want any other man to see . 
 ever . 
 allison was mine . 
 maybe that realization should have felt strange or sudden , but it did n't . 
 it felt right . 
 true . 
 and with a startling bolt of insight , i understood why . 
 my body had known allie was a perfect fit for me since the moment i 'd first touched her . 
 maybe from the first time i 'd seen her , staring up at me from that parking space , inches from my front bumper , all gorgeous blue eyes and soft curves , and serious eye contact that said the attraction was mutual . 
 my heart had come to the same conclusion around the time i 'd realized her laughter was my favorite sound in the world . 
 okay , my second favorite , after that private , desperate moan , an auditory marionette string , tied directly to my poor , neglected cock ... my brain might just then have been coming to what suddenly seemed an obvious conclusion about my connection to allie , but my body and heart had already cleared all obstacles from the path . 
 well , all but the obstacle piper had imposed on me years ago . 
 my unspoken claim on her was n't fair for allie , since i could n't truly have her , but fair or not , i did n't want anyone else to have her either . 
 if she walked by an air-conditioning vent on her way out of the gym , someone would glimpse an x-rated monroe moment . 
 then i 'd have to hurt that someone , which would lead to me losing my job , then my apartment , and though there were much more serious concerns regarding my theoretical eviction , all i could think of as i slid down that slippery slope was that with no place to live , i 'd have no place to lay allie down and take off her clothes , and touch her , and taste her , and tease her , and make her cry out my name ... i sat up , trying to hide the heaviest , most demanding erection i 'd ever had in my life . 
 short skirt and no underwear . 
 fuuuuuck . 
 she may not have known much about how to please herself until recently , but she sure as hell knew how to drive a man to the very brink of control . 
 if satan had shown up in that moment with a quill and a contract outlining my eternal damnation , i would have pulled my own soul from my chest and hurled it at him for the right to lift her back onto my lap and slide inside her , and curl my fists around handfuls of that criminally hot skirt while i fucked her like any decent man would have been fucking her for the past week . 
 like she deserved to be fucked . 
 i had to grip the edge of the ancient weight bench to keep from reaching for her . 
 `` please do n't bend over on the way out . '' 
 `` i 'm not on my way out , '' she said as i shifted on the bench , trying to surreptitiously hide a desire that time , self-denial , and those stupid fucking gym shorts had conspired to make painfully , humiliatingly obvious . 
 `` your turn . '' 
 she dropped onto her knees in front of me , one still-hard nipple brushing my knee , and i groaned as her hands slid up my thighs . 
 beneath my shorts . 
 `` allie ... '' i stood and backed away as my willpower splintered , but she only frowned up at me with those huge blue eyes , breasts heavy and bare , that scrap of a skirt -- tantalizing for what it hid -- riding low on her hips , reminding me that nothing stood between my dick and its fucking home but a scrap of cloth and the very last , crumbling fragments of my own restraint . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she stood and pressed herself against me , breasts flattening against my chest , her hands sliding over my obliques toward the elastic waist of my shorts . 
 `` you 're not going to tell me no again , are you ? '' 
 `` please do n't make me . 
 i only have ten minutes left . '' 
 i pointed at the grease-stained bag sitting on the folding chair , almost as desperate to keep her from touching me as i was to let her touch me . 
 because once that happened , i would n't be able to say no to anything else . 
 maybe ever again . 
 `` and there are burgers ... '' she rolled her eyes , her fingers skimming over my abs . 
 `` seriously ? 
 there has never in the history of planet earth been a lamer excuse to refuse a blowjob . 
 i 've seen you eat a burger in ninety seconds flat . 
 that gives us eight and a half minutes to play . '' 
 `` oh , now you can do math ... '' `` not sure , professor . 
 maybe you should give me an oral quiz . '' 
 her hand slid down my stomach to cradle my erection , and it took every ounce of willpower i possessed to pull her hand away . 
 `` allie , i gave my word . '' 
 `` i gave mine too . '' 
 she leaned in toward my neck , and i closed my eyes as her breath slid across my skin . 
 `` this is n't breaking your oath unless what you just did for me was breaking your oath , and if that 's the case , the deed is done . 
 what do you have to lose ? '' 
 control . 
 i was perilously close to losing control , and blowjobs were a gateway sex-act . 
 she bent , and her tongue flicked over my nipple , drawing a ragged moan from me . 
 `` allie . 
 stop . '' 
 i pulled her up by both arms , and she tensed . 
 `` you do n't want me to touch you ? '' 
 she backed away , glossy pink lips drawn into a line , her gaze wounded . 
 `` is that why you never let me ? '' 
 damn it . 
 way to go , asshole . 
 `` of course i want you to touch me . '' 
 i pulled her closer and guided her hand back to my crotch , to show her , then had to speak through clenched jaws to keep from groaning as her fingers squeezed lightly , exploring . 
 `` that 's the problem . '' 
 `` that 's not a problem , noah . '' 
 the satisfaction in her voice made me throb in her hand and my eyes fell closed . 
 this was a big problem . 
 `` you 've given me so much , and i just want to give back . 
 i want to show you what you mean to me . '' 
 her mouth found my chest again , kissing and licking on a steady southern route . 
 `` wait ... '' i moaned , and her tongue flicked again . 
 `` allie , you do n't owe me anything . '' 
 still-hard nipples brushed over my stomach as she lowered herself , and a growl rumbled up from my throat as i watched the top of her head descend . 
 `` you 're not wracking up debt . 
 i like to touch you , and i do n't expect ... '' `` i know . 
 now shut up and let me play , '' she said as her hands slid beneath my shorts and freed my erection . 
 she gave a soft , surprised gasp , then sat back on her heels and looked up at me with those huge eyes , her pink lips inches from my cock , which seemed to be straining for her all on its own . 
 `` well , that 's ... intimidating . '' 
 `` seriously . 
 you do n't need to -- '' `` i want to . '' 
 she reached for me , and my cock jumped in anticipation , as if it were trying to leap into her grip . 
 `` and what i meant was ` impressive . ' 
 that 's impressive . 
 certainly not way more than i expected . '' 
 her fingers slid over me slowly , lightly , and i groaned , stunned by her touch after a week of aching for it , yet immediately desperate for more . 
 for harder . 
 faster . 
 hotter . 
 wetter . 
 i wanted all of her . 
 that was the problem . 
 that tormentingly soft contact glided upward , and my eyes fell shut when her hand closed over the end , squeezing softly . 
 `` allie . '' 
 her name caught in my throat . 
 `` i ca n't ... '' `` oh , i think you can . '' 
 her hand slid down again , moving a little faster : a delicate , intimate torture . 
 my hips thrust forward just a little , begging for more . 
 i could n't help it . 
 she felt amazing . 
 `` maybe just a little bit of that , '' i moaned , the concession torn from me on a ragged gasp of need . 
 a hand job . 
 the perfect compromise . 
 surely i could be in her hand without losing control . 
 but i could n't be in her . 
 my restraint was too fragile . 
 but then her grip stilled and her hair brushed my thighs . 
 i looked down and saw her pretty pink lips open and wet , and headed for my cock . 
 `` no . 
 just your hand . '' 
 my brevity would no doubt be humiliating even without the wet heat of her mouth . 
 it had been too long , and i wanted her way too badly . 
 `` noah . '' 
 she placed one hand against my stomach and pushed firmly . 
 i stumbled half a step until my back hit the wall , and the cold concrete grounded me . 
 `` you told me not to be afraid to take what i want . 
 this is what i want . 
 so shut up and let me suck your dick . '' 
 it jumped in her hand again at her words -- at the firmness of them , as she stared up at me from her knees , her nipples still hard , her skirt spread across thighs open in a squat . 
 and finally i nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i could n't even remember what that other option was -- that word that would send her away and leave me aching for her , visibly , for the entire fucking rest of the day . 
 `` please . '' 
 `` manners . 
 i like it . '' 
 allie grinned up at me , and i throbbed beneath her fingers , responding as much to her satisfaction as to the promise of my own . 
 `` it 's like magic how a blowjob can turn a jarhead into a gentleman . '' 
 `` there is nothing gentle or polite about how badly i want you . '' 
 no sense denying it now . 
 but she blinked up at me , and her brows dipped in sudden ... uncertainty . 
 `` so ... i 've never actually done this , that i can remember , but once , on a dare , i had to suck all the color from a cherry popsicle -- '' `` you 've never ... ? '' 
 i groaned and my head fell back against the wall . 
 she was killing me . 
 `` okay , stand up . 
 this ca n't be how your first -- '' she licked a long , slow path up the bottom of my cock , and the rest of my protest died beneath a moan . 
 allie laughed . 
 `` i was kidding about the popsicle . '' 
 her tongue dipped into the seam on the underside of my head and licked all the way to the tip , while her hand stroked up . 
 `` it was grape , not cherry . '' 
 her mouth closed over the end of me and she sucked gently , her tongue playing in circles over the head while her hand worked in long , full strokes over the length . 
 `` liar . 
 you 've done this before , '' i said , but the words were damn near incoherent . 
 `` never seen live action , soldier . '' 
 her hand continued to stroke while she looked up at me . 
 `` just logged a lot of time on the simulator . 
 let me know if i get something wrong . '' 
 `` not possible , '' i groaned as her mouth closed over me again and her hair fell forward to brush my thighs . 
 `` i 'll let you know when i 'm close . '' 
 in about four seconds ... in response , allie only took me deeper . 
 she sucked , and licked , and stroked , and teased , rubbing the top of my head against the roof of her mouth and the underside with her tongue until words like `` restraint '' and `` willpower '' sounded like gibberish crashing around in the empty cavern of my mind . 
 i could only see allie . 
 i could only feel her mouth , and her heat , and every second was a battle between the insatiable need building rapidly inside me and the desire to make it last . 
 to make her last . 
 because this could n't happen again . 
 having this much of her made me want the rest of her , but as much as i cared about allie -- as badly as i wanted to be with her , for real -- my circumstances had not changed . 
 i could n't have her . 
 i could only have this . 
 do n't thrust . 
 my hands clenched into fists at my sides , aching for something to hold onto , other than her head . 
 do n't embarrass yourself and hurt her . 
 her other hand crept up my thigh and my balls tightened unbearably as her fingers cradled them , pushing me closer . 
 so close i had to focus to slow things down . 
 but allie had other plans . 
 she took me deeper , faster , and when i felt the back of her throat , her hand still stroking my balls , i moaned and gripped her shoulder . 
 `` allie . 
 stop . 
 i ca n't wait . '' 
 her hand slid around my hip to cradle my ass and pulled me forward , deeper , shoving me over the edge in a single white-hot instant . 
 i groaned and shot deep into her , my hand clenching around her shoulder and she pulled back enough to suck once , twice , three more times , until i 'd spilled everything i had . 
 allie sat back on her heels and looked up at me , and i 'd never in my life seen anything more gorgeous . 
 `` i think you 've been good enough to earn another shower . '' 
 i laughed and pulled her up , surprised all over again by how well she fit against me . 
 `` so if you 've never done that , where the hell did you learn to ... ? '' 
 she flushed , which i found both adorable and perplexing , considering what she 'd just done for me . 
 `` last year , a friend from school got married . 
 her bachelorette party started with a private workshop from this ` blow job expert . ' 
 not even kidding . 
 there were toys , and edible lube , and some pretty damn funny demonstrations . 
 violet and i learned some stuff . 
 still , the real thing 's ... much realer . 
 so ... '' she pulled away and looked up into my eyes . 
 `` was it okay ? '' 
 i leaned in for a kiss , then whispered into her ear . 
 `` who is this married friend ? 
 i think i owe her a late wedding gift . '' 
 *** i stood in front of the big front window , watching allie walk to her car , hypnotized by the swish of her skirt over the backs of her thighs . 
 i wanted to call her back for another round . 
 or three . 
 coleman leaned against the front desk , smirking at me . 
 `` so , how was your coffee break ? '' 
 `` good to the last drop . '' 
 `` for both of you , i hope ? '' 
 i turned to look at him slowly as allie backed her car out of its space . 
 `` you told her to do that ? '' 
 coleman laughed . 
 `` she was already raring to go down that path -- pun intended . 
 i just told her you might be a little more receptive than you let on . 
 you 're welcome . '' 
 i groaned , as weight machines clanked behind us . 
 `` now she 's going to want to do it again . '' 
 `` and that 's a problem because if you 're ever truly satisfied by a woman , you 'll forfeit your immortal soul ? '' 
 `` smartass , '' i grumbled . 
 `` the problem with allie is that i ca n't say no to her . 
 her parents treated her like shit , and every guy who 's ever touched her was a world-class asshole . 
 she 's half-convinced she does n't deserve anything better , and i 'm pretty sure that 's why she tried to drink away every memory she 's made in college . 
 i do n't want to make any of that worse by pushing her away , but you know what piper will do if she thinks i 'm sleeping with allie . '' 
 `` your ex is a crazy bitch , man . '' 
 `` yes , she is . 
 and that 's fine , as long as she 's also a good mom to our daughter , '' i insisted , but coleman looked skeptical . 
 `` speaking of which , when are you going to tell your new girl about your baby girl ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 i turned toward the desk to grab a file when i spotted my next client pulling into a spot in front of the gym . 
 `` soon , i guess . '' 
 i wanted to see allie with caroline . 
 i could picture them getting along really well , but i 'd never introduced my daughter to a girlfriend before -- hell , i had n't really had one , since she was born -- and i was n't sure how piper would react , even if we were n't sleeping with each other . 
 which was only barely true . 
 especially after ... allie . 
 on her knees . 
 in the break room . 
 a savagely pleasant aftershock surged through me with the memory , and i had to concentrate to keep from becoming demonstrably excited in my work shorts . 
 `` the only problem you 're going to have with that girl ... '' coleman said , reaching over the edge of the desk for a chart of his own . 
 `` ... is that she 'll believe anything you tell her . 
 so choose your words wisely , man . 
 tell her what she needs to know , and make sure it 's the truth . 
 she sounds like a hell of a woman . '' 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 *** `` noah , there 's a girl here for you , '' stephanie called from out front , as i wiped down the last of the leg press machines . 
 `` make it quick , though . 
 i 'm locking the doors in ten . '' 
 i looked up , already semi-hard at the thought that allie had surprised me with a ride home -- and that she might still be naked beneath her skirt . 
 but instead , i found piper weaving her way toward me through a maze of exercise machines . 
 i studied her reflection in the wall of mirrors while i worked , trying to gauge her mood without looking like i was looking . 
 i 'd seen her the day before , at the worth the wait meeting , and i could have sworn i saw her glance at allie several times , but i could n't tell whether she was curious about the new member , or suspicious . 
 allie and i had barely acknowledged each other , but if piper 'd noticed eye contact ... well , she 's certainly flipped out over less before . 
 `` hey , '' piper said , and i stood , finally finished with the leg press . 
 `` hey . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 she propped both hands on her hips and smiled up at me . 
 `` why do you always assume something 's wrong when you see me ? '' 
 because cell phones have eliminated the need for exes to see each other , except during actual custody transfers . 
 and caroline was nowhere to be seen . 
 `` because you rarely deliver good news in person . 
 where 's my girl ? '' 
 `` she 's at my sister 's . 
 i 'm on my way to pick her up . '' 
 `` you could have brought her . '' 
 holding my baby girl would have made a visit from her mother infinitely more bearable . 
 `` was n't on the way . 
 but that 's why i 'm here . 
 i know you 're supposed to have her this weekend , but they want me to pick up a few extra shifts at work next weekend , for the holiday . 
 the fourth of july 's on a friday this year and her daycare 's closed so i thought , if you do n't mind switching weekends , you 'd get an extra day with her and you 'd really be saving me some babysitting cash . '' 
 no , i 'd be saving myself some babysitting cash . 
 i paid for childcare . 
 `` i 'll take her both weekends . '' 
 but i knew i 'd miss-stepped the second she scowled . 
 time for a new approach . 
 `` come on , piper , take some time for yourself . 
 you deserve it . 
 go see a movie . 
 go on a date . 
 let me take caroline , and everyone wins . '' 
 `` that 's three weekends in a row . 
 you get two weekends a month , noah . '' 
 her eyes had gone cold and i recognized a meltdown-warning in the tilt of her head . 
 `` that 's the deal you agreed to , and you ca n't go back on your word now . '' 
 `` i 'm not going back on my word . 
 i 'm offering you some time to yourself . '' 
 `` i do n't need time to myself . 
 i need to be with my daughter , and she needs to spend as much time as possible with her mother , in a safe , stable environment . '' 
 irritation shot along my spine and tightened my jaw . 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` i 'm just saying that this might not be a good time for her to start spending more time with you , noah . 
 heather says you 've been out with that new girl from the group nearly every night this week . '' 
 annnnd there was the real reason for the visit . 
 she could have asked me to switch weekends over the phone , but she 'd wanted to see my face while she grilled me about allie . 
 heather was piper 's best friend , and a member of the abstinence group , but even if she 'd seen me out with allie a couple of times in the past week , she could n't possibly know how serious we 'd gotten . 
 we 'd stayed in most nights . 
 which either meant heather was guessing or piper was bluffing . 
 but they were right either way . 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 piper demanded , her voice calm like the surface of a lake , hiding churning currents of rage beneath . 
 `` her name 's allison . 
 i 'm not sleeping with her , piper . 
 she signed the pledge . '' 
 when piper only scowled at me , not the least bit appeased , i exhaled slowly and prepared to surrender . 
 `` okay , maybe you 're right about switching weekends . 
 i 'll take caroline over the fourth . '' 
 that would give me an extra week to tell allie about piper and my baby girl , and it would give piper an extra week to calm down and see reason . 
 i was playing by the rules , cruel and irrational as they were . 
 she had no reason to deny me visitation . 
 `` good . '' 
 she gave me a sharp , satisfied head nod . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're seeing reason , '' she added , and i had to clench my jaws shut to keep from explaining exactly how unreasonable her demands were . 
 in my outside voice . 
 `` i 'll bring caroline over next friday morning , at eight . '' 
 with that , she wove her way through the maze of machines toward the front exit , and i could tell by the sway of her hips that she was happy with herself . 
 and that once again , her happiness had come at the expense of my time spent with our daughter . 
 chapter eight allie `` allie , right ? '' 
 i looked up to find a girl in sporty green yoga pants smiling down at me , long brown ponytail trailing over one shoulder . 
 she wore a worth the wait button pinned to one shoulder of her shirt , and her smile was squeaky clean and super sweet . 
 she 'd probably been raised on bubble gum and rainbows . 
 `` yeah . 
 allie daniels . '' 
 `` i 'm heather . 
 may i sit ? '' 
 she glanced at the empty chair , and i suddenly felt bad for suspecting her origins as an overgrown oopma loompa . 
 no one had ever asked to sit next to me at a group meeting . 
 maybe i was finally believable as a second-chance virgin ! 
 i was n't sure whether to celebrate or mourn that fact . 
 `` please . 
 sit , '' i said , and heather settled onto the chair on my right . 
 `` you 're new , right , '' she said ? 
 `` kinda . 
 it 's my third meeting . '' 
 `` and how 's it going so far ? 
 are you untouched , or second-chance ? '' 
 i bristled , surprised by the frank question . 
 was she serious ? 
 were they allowed to ask that ? 
 when i looked up , i found noah watching us from the entrance , where he was supposed to be greeting people and handing out cards and souvenir pens to new members . 
 he looked irritated -- almost worried -- and i realized he did n't want me to talk to heather . 
 maybe he knew something about her that i did n't . 
 maybe her bubble gum demeanor was sugar free . 
 `` i 'm not a virgin , if that 's what you mean , '' i said , turning back to heather . 
 `` i 'm here to learn to resist temptation and to treat my body with respect . '' 
 by not poisoning it on a nightly basis . 
 sure , she 'd assume i was talking about sex , but what i 'd learned from two weeks spent almost entirely with noah was that sex -- or almost-sex , in our case -- only became a disrespectful act when one or more partners treated it as such . 
 the disregard i 'd shown my body before had nothing to do with sex . 
 that disrespect came from the fact that i 'd willingly given up control over and memories of what happened to me . 
 from the fact that at some point , i 'd just stopped giving a damn . 
 but something told me heather would n't understand that , even if i fed it to her with a spoonful of sugar . 
 `` right . 
 that 's definitely the core message of the group . '' 
 she nodded at me with wide brown eyes , and i wondered if she was about to hand me a glass of koolaid and ask me to drink . 
 `` and , of course , the best way to do that is to avoid anything that tempts you . '' 
 her gaze flitted toward noah , then settled on me again with the weight of censure . 
 `` do n't ' cha think ? '' 
 understanding settled over me like a cold , wet blanket . 
 she knew noah and i were together , and she did n't approve . 
 irritation sizzled beneath the surface of my skin . 
 screw her ! 
 we did n't need her approval . 
 even if our relationship was any of her fucking business -- and it was n't -- we were n't breaking any rules . 
 technically . 
 i took a deep breath and gave her my sweetest saccharine smile . 
 `` actually , that sounds more like avoiding temptation than resisting it . 
 willpower is like a mental muscle , right ? 
 you do n't built muscles by avoiding exercise . 
 you build muscles by using them . '' 
 her eyes widened , and the sugar glaze coating them cracked just a little . 
 `` using them ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 if you 've never encountered temptation , how can you honestly say you 're resisting it ? 
 how can you be sure you even really have willpower , if all you ever do is sit with your legs crossed and your hands folded over your knees ? '' 
 i leaned closer to her and let my voice drop into an intimate whisper , inches from her ear . 
 `` i mean , it 's easy to resist ice cream if you do n't know how good it tastes . 
 but it 's another matter entirely once you 've given it a good ... hard ... lick . '' 
 heather stiffened next to me , and when i pulled back to smile at her , i found her staring at me with wide , astonished eyes . 
 `` you 're using your willpower muscle on noah ? '' 
 i nodded , and my smile widened . 
 `` and he 's using his on me . 
 his is huge , in case you were wondering . 
 and he 's had a lot of practice using it . '' 
 as noah took his place behind the podium , heather turned stiffly toward the front of the room and shifted in her chair , looking a little like a deer caught in the proverbial headlights and a lot like a guy trying to hide an erection . 
 noah arched one brow at me in question , but i only smiled and slid one arm around heather 's shoulders , to let him know he had no reason to worry . 
 i 'd just made a new friend . 
 *** noah 's cart flew off the track and into the mud just as mine -- driven by princess peach -- crossed the finish line in second place . 
 he growled in frustration and dropped his video game controller onto the empty couch cushion on his right , while i laughed . 
 `` why are you such a sore loser ? '' 
 i said , reaching for the last mini-cannoli -- the coveted spoils of our video-game war -- from the paper plate sitting on the coffee table . 
 `` lack of practice , i guess . '' 
 he grabbed my arm , and before i could even squeal in protest , he 'd bitten off half the cannoli . 
 `` hey ! 
 i earned that ! '' 
 i shoved the rest into my mouth before he could regroup for a flank attack . 
 noah laughed and spoke around a mouthful of chocolate and cream . 
 `` i 'll buy you all the mini-cannolis you want . 
 well , all that can be bought on a personal-trainer 's salary . '' 
 `` you know , it 's just now occurred to me what an erotic food the cannoli is . 
 a stiff phallic-shaped tube filled with a sweet creamy filling . 
 it 's like a penis dessert . '' 
 `` and now i wish i had n't taken such a big bite , '' noah said , and i laughed . 
 `` maybe i 'll take a tray of them to the next worth the wait meeting . 
 that girl heather really needs a little taste . '' 
 the humor faded from noah 's expression like a drop of water evaporating on a hot sidewalk . 
 `` what were you two talking about this afternoon ? '' 
 `` you . 
 kind of . 
 she seems to have figured out about ... this . '' 
 i laid one hand on his chest , to indicate the two of us . 
 our connection . 
 `` she seemed to be trying to tell me that you 're exactly the type of temptation i should avoid , if i intended to stand by my oath . '' 
 `` and what did you say ? '' 
 his voice held tension like a coiled wire about to spring free , and i wondered what i 'd said or done to wind it up . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i helped her see that standing outside the bakery window is avoiding temptation , not withstanding it . 
 i basically told her she could n't possibly know how strong her willpower truly is until she 's licked cream from the end of a cannoli , then resisted the urge to take a bite . '' 
 noah groaned and his eyes fell closed . 
 `` what ? 
 why was that wrong ? '' 
 `` heather 's my ex 's best friend . '' 
 noah opened his eyes , and when his gaze found mine , it was full of equal parts dread and amusement . 
 `` she was feeling you out to see how serious we are . 
 whether or not we 've broken our oaths . '' 
 `` for your ex ? 
 why would she even care , unless she 's still into you ? '' 
 i sat straighter as panic built deep inside me , buzzing like wasps deep in my gut . 
 `` she 's still into you , is n't she ? '' 
 `` no , it 's not like that . '' 
 he exhaled and suddenly looked exhausted . 
 `` things are just complicated with piper . 
 but not like that . '' 
 but that was bullshit , whether he knew it or not . 
 `` you dumped her , did n't you ? '' 
 `` not in so many words . '' 
 noah brushed a sprinkling of spilled powdered sugar from the coffee table onto the empty paper plate , and i got the feeling he was avoiding eye contact . 
 `` but yes , our breakup was my idea . '' 
 `` and she 's the reason you signed the pledge ? '' 
 `` kind of . 
 it 's complicated . '' 
 he exhaled again and took my hand . 
 `` look , i really do n't want to talk about piper right now . 
 or ever , if that were an option . '' 
 `` of course it 's an option . '' 
 he nodded , but looked unconvinced . 
 `` that 'll be the rule , then . 
 no ex talk , until it becomes necessary . 
 agreed ? '' 
 `` i was , until you called it a rule . '' 
 i smiled and ducked to catch his gaze , trying to lighten the mood . 
 `` but now you want to break the rule , just because it 's there ? '' 
 i nodded , still smiling . 
 `` yup . 
 just like in mariokart . 
 if you tell me to stay on the paved track , i suddenly develop the urge to go off-road , even if that means losing the race . '' 
 noah 's head tilted and he watched me curiously . 
 `` so you have a problem with rules ? '' 
 `` not with rules themselves . 
 just with the expectation that i should follow them . 
 this should not come as news . '' 
 `` you 'd be a horrible marine . '' 
 `` i 'd be horrible at a lot of things , '' i said , then noticed that his smile had started to smolder and his focus had drifted south of my face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 why was he looking at me like he was starving , and i was a buffet , when we both knew he 'd never take a real bite . 
 never . 
 no matter how hungry either of us got . 
 damn it . 
 `` let 's play a game . '' 
 i held up my game controller . 
 `` i 'm suddenly confused about what we 've been doing for the past hour . '' 
 `` let 's play a different kind of game . '' 
 he took the controller and set it on the coffee table , then pulled me to my feet and slid his hands beneath my shirt . 
 the second his skin touched mine , warmth pooled low in me and very sensitive places began to ache for him . 
 with a sudden bolt of erotic surprise , i realized noah had me trained . 
 i was pavlov 's slut . 
 `` this looks promising , '' i said as his hands moved up my sides , dragging the shirt with them . 
 `` what kind of game is this ? '' 
 `` the kind where you learn the merit of following orders . '' 
 `` orders ? '' 
 `` in the corps , they 're orders . 
 but you can think of them as rules , if it helps . '' 
 `` it wo n't . 
 i hate rules . '' 
 noah dropped my shirt on the floor , then leaned down for a kiss while he unhooked my bra . 
 `` i know . 
 but in this game , playing by the rules can be very rewarding ... '' `` what are these rules ? '' 
 `` rule number one is ` no clothes . '' ' 
 he dropped onto his knees and a second later , my shorts slid to the floor . 
 `` i like this . '' 
 noah hooked a finger beneath the side of my new panties and looked up at me , his gaze hot enough to turn my girl parts to goo . 
 almost literally . 
 `` not enough to leave them on , but you 're on the right track here . '' 
 he pushed the material down , then pulled me closer . 
 i groaned when his mouth landed just below my navel -- several inches north of the objective , marine ! 
 -- but heat dripped from that kiss like honey , sweet , and sticky , and slow . 
 `` you played this game in the marines ? '' 
 i said , as his hands slid over my backside , squeezing lightly . 
 `` because they should totally put this part on the recruitment posters . 
 enlistment would skyrocket . '' 
 he looked up at me , his expression trapped somewhere between amusement and exasperation . 
 `` hell no . 
 orders are n't a game in the corps . '' 
 his tongue dipped into my navel , then kissed a trail toward my hip . 
 `` this is a variation personalized just for you . '' 
 `` i like this variation so far . '' 
 my hands slid into his short hair , then down over his shoulders , where i tugged on his tee . 
 `` my turn , '' i said , and he stood to let me pull his shirt off . 
 i ran my hands along the planes of his chest , enjoying each hard crest and angle . 
 he was perfect . 
 my fingers trailed over every ridge of his stomach , then slid beneath the waist of his jeans . 
 `` no . '' 
 noah 's hands closed over mine , but the word was more plea than `` order . '' 
 he wanted me to touch him . 
 i could hear that in his voice . 
 i could see it in every tense muscle . 
 in the way his eyes closed , as if he were praying for strength . 
 `` rule number one . '' 
 i grinned up at him . 
 `` no clothes . '' 
 he pulled my hands up and tucked them behind my back in one of his own . 
 `` rule number two . 
 no backtalk . '' 
 noah lifted me without so much as a grunt and threw me over his shoulder . 
 before i 'd reclaimed enough breath for a protest , he 'd carried me into the next room , where he dropped me on my back on the bed . 
 i landed on familiar , rumpled gray-striped sheets , and the memory of every moment we 'd spent in them came rushing over me . 
 `` this has become my favorite place in the world . 
 right here . '' 
 `` you 're my favorite place . '' 
 noah crawled onto the bed with me as i backed toward the headboard . 
 `` wherever you are . 
 that 's where i want to be . '' 
 i blinked , stunned by how readily the words fell from his mouth , and how easily they penetrated every barrier i 'd ever raised . 
 i 'd never in my life felt so naked , and for the first time in my life , that had nothing to do with my lack of clothes . 
 i wanted him so badly . 
 and not just for the day , or the week , or until i was sure i would n't slip up and have a drink . 
 i wanted noah on a fundamental level , like the way i wanted to breathe . 
 not having him might not mean dying , but it would n't be truly living either . 
 `` so how do i win this game ? '' 
 i said , as his hands roamed my entire body , dipping into hollows and sliding over curves until my entire existence was a blazing need for more of him . 
 for all of him . 
 `` the game is n't to be won , allie . '' 
 noah lifted me into position exactly where he wanted me on the bed , and i watched muscles shift in his arms and shoulders with the movement . 
 `` the game is to be played . '' 
 `` how is it played ? 
 is this a touching game ? '' 
 please let this be a touching game . 
 `` it 's not always about what you touch . 
 sometimes there 's more to be felt in what you do n't touch . '' 
 noah 's face appeared over mine , and his smile was nearly combustible . 
 `` rule number three . 
 you do n't touch . '' 
 noah slid his hands up my arms , guiding them across the cool sheets , then beneath my pillow , where he folded one over the other and left them there . 
 `` but -- '' `` you 're awfully close to breaking rule number two ... '' he sat up and looked at me , laid across the bed in front of him , naked and vulnerable , nominally at his mercy . 
 definitely at his disposal . 
 and thrilled to be there . 
 `` you have the most beautiful breasts , '' he whispered , bending toward me . 
 i held my breath , waiting for his mouth to close over the sensitive tips , eager for the heat of his tongue . 
 the light scratch of his teeth . 
 my nipples hardened in anticipation , but his lips stopped achingly short of contact , so close i could feel his breath on the tortured peaks . 
 noah crawled up my body without truly touching me -- his nose skimming my collarbone , his breath ghosting over my throat -- until i could see his eyes and his evil , evil smile . 
 `` tell me what you want . '' 
 it did n't even occur to me to resist the order . 
 to refuse to answer . 
 `` touch me . '' 
 with him as the reward , i would be a very good girl . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` everywhere . '' 
 `` i 'm thinking of a variation of ` everywhere . '' ' 
 noah 's hands splayed over my stomach and inched upward slowly , sliding over my ribs , making torturous progress until i could practically feel his fingers brush the lower curves , and my breasts felt heavy and swollen with anticipation . 
 instead , his hands diverted to either side , pressing against the outer curves , deepening my cleavage without satisfying my ache to be touch . 
 to be tasted . 
 `` noah , '' i moaned , and his fingers slid closer to the peaks , squeezing , sending tiny little currents of electricity in advance of the touch i needed . 
 but that craved contact did n't come . 
 instead , he traced light circles . 
 the flesh there tightened , drawing into hard points of unrealized pleasure in anticipation of caresses that eluded me . 
 `` noah , '' i whispered again , but in answer , his touch withdrew entirely , leaving my breasts aching and heavy , my hard nipples pointed straight up , straining for contact . 
 he shifted on the bed , then his hands slid between my knees , and i almost cried out when he pushed them apart . 
 his fingers inched slowly up my thighs as his mouth closed over the lower curve of my breast , sucking gently , drawing my nipples into painfully hard points . 
 frustrated , aching in very private places , i pulled my hands from beneath the pillow , and noah 's fingers abandoned my thighs . 
 his mouth left my breast , and i groaned when he sat up and frowned down at me . 
 `` you break the rules , and i stop . '' 
 `` you cruel bastard , '' i moaned , and he shrugged , grinning that wicked grin . 
 `` you play nice ; i play nicer . 
 ready to follow the rules ? '' 
 i slid my hands beneath the pillow again and was rewarded when his mouth closed over my left nipple , sucking harder than i 'd expected , drawing a hoarse cry of pleasure from me . 
 he bit down gently , then abandoned my breast to the cold air and the echo of his teeth against me . 
 his hands went back to work on my thighs , higher this time , skimming skin so lightly i shivered beneath him . 
 then his fingers slid into me -- two of them -- and i gasped , arching off the bed . 
 he groaned , laying his stubbly cheek against my thigh , and i enjoyed the frustration in the sound . 
 he deserved it , for what he was doing to me , but he was n't done . 
 his fingers withdrew slowly , then slid up . 
 but instead of stroking , he pinched lightly , then rubbed to either side , creating only a suggestion of the delicious friction i craved . 
 awakening a full blown carnal hunger like nothing i 'd ever felt , even after everything he 'd shown me . 
 everything he 'd taught me . 
 `` rule number four , '' noah said , and i groaned as the friction built , tightening my muscles . 
 he propped himself on one elbow without pausing in his rhythm until i opened my eyes and found him staring directly into them . 
 `` let me watch . '' 
 `` watch ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 his fingers moved faster , tearing a ragged inhalation from me . 
 `` do n't close your eyes or turn your head this time . 
 let me see you come . '' 
 i felt my face flush , but could n't tell whether that was because of what he was saying or what he was doing . 
 `` i. . . 
 okay . '' 
 i would have said yes to anything in that moment , and he damn well knew it . 
 noah kissed me , his tongue diving deep into my mouth while his fingers worked magic with indirect friction , until i was gasping against his lips , so close to the edge that the world had become one blissful blur of desire . 
 he pulled back to watch me , and my eyes fell closed as pleasure mounted to an almost painful peak . 
 then , suddenly his hand was gone . 
 `` oh ... '' my body ached and throbbed for him and my eyes flew open . 
 noah grinned down at me . 
 `` rule breaker . '' 
 `` please , '' i begged , my hands clenched beneath the pillow to keep them from betraying me as my eyes had . 
 `` please do n't stop . '' 
 `` you keep breaking the rules , allie . 
 it 's almost like you do n't want me to touch you ... '' sadistic bastard ... `` yes , i do . 
 bring on the rules . 
 i 'll toe the line . 
 or draw the line . 
 or fall in line . 
 i 'll do whatever you want with the line , '' i moaned , and he leaned down to whisper into my ear , without touching me at all , even when i arched into him , desperate for just a little more . 
 `` i want to see you come , allie . 
 do n't look away again . 
 i want to see what you feel when i touch you . '' 
 i nodded , trembling from the lack of his touch , and suddenly he was there again , two fingers plunging inside me , working me so hard and so fast i could hardly breathe , and did n't give a flying fuck . 
 his thumb rubbed in tight , fast circles , and that frantic erogenous contact was rendered blisteringly intimate by the constant eye contact . 
 by the fact that he could see the effect of every single thing he was doing to me , the very instant i felt it . 
 i 'd never been so exposed . 
 so mercilessly vulnerable . 
 so ... incredibly close ... to ... my inarticulate groan spurred him on , and noah watched as my pleasure crested in a single point of ecstasy , then spilled over in spasm after spasm , echoing up into my stomach and down into my thighs . 
 his gaze held me trapped as mine lost focus beneath wave after wave of blissful heat , and he did n't stop moving until he 'd wrung every drop of satisfaction from me . 
 until my muscles ached and clenched around him , and his name fell from my lips on the last echo of the most brutally blissful orgasm he 'd ever coaxed from me . 
 for several long moments , i could n't move . 
 could n't think . 
 i could only lie there as he propped himself on one elbow , watching in blatant satisfaction as aftershocks surged through me . 
 `` where did you learn that ? '' 
 `` the game ? '' 
 he shrugged with the shoulder not supporting his weight . 
 `` people most want that which they ca n't have . 
 the delayed gratification theory . 
 i just applied the principle to the most beautiful and responsive game board i 've ever had the privilege to play with . '' 
 `` you are both brilliant and talented . 
 but i meant the technique . 
 the mechanics . '' 
 noah frowned , obviously reluctant . 
 `` the truth ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 `` lots of practice . '' 
 `` remind me to thank those who came before me . '' 
 noah groaned over my pun , and i laughed again . 
 `` seriously , though , do n't you know that when former meets current , the earth 's poles reverse , the force suffers a disturbance , the space-time continuum is disrupted , and the whole world implodes ? 
 my world , anyway . '' 
 i rolled over to face him , my heart pounding in time with the fading throbbing from below . 
 `` am i the current ? '' 
 noah leaned down to kiss me , then whispered into my ear . 
 `` you 're the only , allie . '' 
 chapter nine noah `` you get off work at five ? '' 
 i said , as allie bent to shove her calculus book into her backpack . 
 she smelled like strawberries and vanilla , and thanks to the shampoo bottle she 'd brought over , so did my bathroom . 
 showering without getting hard had become a battle not worth fighting . 
 `` yes , '' she said , standing to wrap her arms around my neck while the mariokart demo played in the background . 
 `` and tonight will either be super slow because it 's a friday , or super crazy because it 's the fourth of july . 
 you want to go see the fireworks when i get back ? '' 
 i pulled her close , sliding my hands over her back , then lower , loving how she felt pressed against me . 
 `` actually , i have family coming over today . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 allie tried to hide her disappointment . 
 `` that 's fine . 
 i 'll just see you tomorrow . 
 or whenever . '' 
 she shrugged , and tried to pull away , in the direction of the bathroom . 
 `` let me grab my toothbrush and -- '' `` no , i want you to come over . 
 and stay . '' 
 the truth was that i never wanted her to leave , and i was n't entirely sure how i 'd come to that conclusion , after only two weeks . 
 how was it possible that after fourteen days with her , i could hardly remember what my life was like before ? 
 `` i want to introduce you to someone special . '' 
 caroline was a part of me -- quite possibly the best part of me -- and i knew she 'd love allie . 
 but allie ... what if she did n't like kids ? 
 what if she did n't like the fact that i had a kid ? 
 or that that kid came with piper ? 
 for life . 
 what if piper was a deal-breaker ? 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 allie said , smiling , and i knew i should tell her . 
 it was n't fair to spring caroline on her when -- as far as i knew -- she had no idea i had a daughter . 
 `` it 's your sister , is n't it ? 
 did she get out of rehab ? 
 you look excited ! '' 
 but i was also nervous . 
 `` you 'll have to wait and see . 
 tonight . '' 
 in the end , i could n't tell her , because if caroline and piper were deal breakers , i did n't want to know that yet . 
 if allie was going to bail on me , i did n't want that disappointment hanging over my day with caroline , tainting my time with my daughter . 
 they 'd meet soon enough , and i 'd know within minutes of that meeting whether or not allie and i could have a real future . 
 whether she could ever see caroline in her life . 
 `` okay , then , i 'll run home and change after work before i come over . 
 want me to bring dinner ? '' 
 `` i 'll order pizza . 
 it 's kind of a tradition . 
 pepperoni and american voice , on the dvr . '' 
 `` your sister watches american voice ? '' 
 `` i never said it was my sister . '' 
 i 'd been careful not to say , for sure . 
 `` why , do you like the show ? '' 
 `` i 've never seen it . '' 
 `` i did n't watch past seasons , but there 's a local couple on this year , so ... '' `` it 's a date . 
 well , an evening with your ... family . 
 is she staying the night ? '' 
 `` yeah , but she sleeps like a baby . 
 in there . '' 
 i pointed at the door to the second bedroom , which i 'd let her assume was an office or home gym . 
 she 'd never even been in there . 
 `` she wo n't be able to hear us once she goes to sleep , but if you 're feeling shy again i have plenty of pillows ... '' allie flushed and i pulled her in for another kiss , desperately hoping it would n't be the last . 
 hoping caroline would n't be too much for her . 
 hoping piper would n't make me choose between my daughter and my girlfriend . 
 `` mmmm ... '' allie pulled away and picked up her backpack , then tossed it over one shoulder . 
 `` i 'll see you tonight then . '' 
 i opened the door for her and stood in the doorway to watch her walk down the hall -- she wore another pair of very short shorts -- but froze when piper stepped onto the landing from the stairwell , a diaper bag on one shoulder , caroline perched on her opposite hip . 
 damn it . 
 piper was early . 
 allie smiled at them both , and for a second , hope made my heart beat harder and faster than i 'd thought possible . 
 that was n't the smile of a woman who hated children . 
 that was the smile of a woman who 'd just seen my daughter and might just agree that caroline was the cutest , smartest , most amazing toddler ever to walk this earth . 
 then piper 's scowl flitted from the back of allie 's head to me . 
 instead of putting caroline down to let her walk , she stomped down the hall toward me with the poor kid still on board and wriggling . 
 i stepped back to let her in , hoping allie was already far enough down the stairs that she would n't hear anything if piper started shouting . 
 this was not how i wanted her to find out about the rest of my life . 
 the moment i closed the door , piper turned on me . 
 `` what the hell was she doing here at eight in the morning ? '' 
 she set caroline on the floor , and my daughter headed straight for her little pink steering wheel , then plopped down with it in front of the television , oblivious to the fact that the wii controller was n't actually in the wheel , and that the tv was playing a demo loop , instead of a live race . 
 `` it 's still ten minutes to eight . '' 
 `` so , what , if i were n't punctual , i would n't have seen your date 's walk of shame ? 
 what was she doing here ? '' 
 piper demanded again , though she seemed to think she already knew the answer . 
 `` mariokart and bagels . 
 want some ? '' 
 i picked up the plate still holding the last half of allie 's whole wheat-raisin , smeared with cream cheese and strawberry jam , but piper glanced at it as if it were growing mold . 
 `` what are you doing , noah ? '' 
 she set the diaper bag next to the front door , where allie always dropped her backpack the minute she walked into the apartment , seconds before i typically dropped her clothes right on top of it . 
 `` you swore you were n't sleeping with her ! '' 
 piper hissed the last part , as if that might keep caroline from hearing and understanding . 
 `` i 'm not sleeping with her . '' 
 `` you really expect me to believe allie daniels got up early to come over for breakfast ? '' 
 she knew allie 's last name . 
 and if she 'd spoken to heather since yesterday 's meeting , she 'd know more than that . 
 `` she did n't come over for breakfast , she stayed for breakfast . '' 
 piper ran one hand through her dark hair , but it fell back over her forehead as she propped her hands on her hips . 
 she looked so damn disappointed in me that i almost had to remind myself that she was caroline 's mother , not mine . 
 `` you promised me , noah ! '' 
 `` and i 've kept that promise . 
 i 'm not sleeping with her , not that it 's any of your business . 
 well , we 're sleeping , but in the literal sense . 
 i 'm allowed to have company , piper . '' 
 she 'd only freaked out over me dating a couple of times before , and i had n't minded letting those girls go , because they were n't worth the fight with piper . 
 but allie was worth it , and i had no plans to give her up . 
 piper obviously saw my resolve , and i could practically see her digging in her heels , in response . 
 even if that did n't make me want to dig in just as hard to make it really fucking clear that she did n't own me , i would have dug in to protect allie . 
 to keep her in my life . 
 `` you actually expect me to believe that allison daniels spent the night in your bed , and all you did was cuddle . 
 because she 's notorious for indiscriminate cuddling . '' 
 notorious ? 
 in the hands of vindictive bitches like my ex and her best friend , the internet should be classified as a deadly weapon . 
 those asshole frat boys had done as much damage to allie with camera phones and a wifi connection than i 'd ever been asked to do with a gun , and now piper had dug that trauma back up to throw in my face . 
 and in allie 's . 
 `` okay , let 's keep this in perspective . 
 you have no reason to be upset , piper . 
 i promised i 'd stick to your asinine demands , and i 've kept that promise . '' 
 `` and i should believe that , in spite of evidence to the contrary , because ... ? '' 
 `` because i 've never lied to you . 
 you are the mother of my child , and i 've tried to keep things between us friendly , for caroline 's sake . 
 i may have made some mistakes before she was born , but from the moment i saw that little girl in the hospital , i knew i wanted to be a part of her life -- a big part -- and i promised to do whatever that took . '' 
 and now i could see my mistake . 
 what i 'd actually promised was to do whatever piper wanted , so she would n't fight my request for visitation . 
 `` but this is taking it too far . 
 allie is n't just some girl i met at a party . 
 i wo n't be trading her in next weekend . 
 i like her , and she likes me enough to stick around in spite of the abstinence pledge . 
 i want to be with her , piper , and i do n't see an end to that . 
 i get the ` no sleeping around ' thing , but do you actually expect me to give up on a serious relationship with someone who really makes me happy ? 
 because that 's not what i expect from you . '' 
 i 'd thought that if i made it clear that i cared about allie -- that she would n't suddenly disappear and confuse caroline -- that piper would understand . 
 that she 'd extend some leniency into her interpretation of my promise . 
 yet as i watched rage mount behind her eyes like the red line rising in a thermometer , i realized i 'd somehow managed to say exactly the wrong thing . 
 `` daddy ! '' 
 caroline called , and i turned to see her pointing at the television in triumph , her free hand still clutching the steering wheel , which she thought she 'd just used to claim a victory in mushroom gorge . 
 `` good job , cara ! '' 
 i said , and she beamed at me , then went back to her `` game . '' 
 piper grabbed my arm and i pulled free of her grip , then followed her into my small kitchen . 
 `` are you really willing to lose your daughter over some frat party slut ? '' 
 she whispered , fury raging behind her eyes . 
 `` do not call her that . '' 
 it took most of my remaining good grace to resist reminding her that she and i had met under similar circumstances . 
 `` you do n't know a damn thing about her . '' 
 `` i know what everyone else knows . 
 i know she 's easier than simple addition and looser than the change in my pocket . 
 i know what i 've seen online , noah . '' 
 my jaw clenched , and my temper slipped a little more . 
 i 'd debated watching the videos myself , torn between a need to understand why allie would do that to herself and the very real possibility she 'd see that as an invasion of her privacy . 
 she never talked to me about the parties or the drunken hookups , which seemed to mean she did n't want me to know the details . 
 in the end , i 'd discovered three still online -- none posted by tyler -- but i only made it twenty-seconds into the first video before i realized she was passed out cold , and i had to close the window before i threw my laptop through the fucking window in disgust and outrage . 
 the self-destructive allie i 'd glimpsed online was nothing like the vibrant , funny , surprisingly inexperienced yet eager allie i knew , and i could n't figure out why she 'd abused herself so much before . 
 why she 'd let herself be used . 
 but all that was over . 
 she 'd put it behind her , and i 'd promised myself i would n't find those videos again and search the men in them for identifying marks or features , then hunt them down and beat the living shit out of each and every one . 
 if i had n't watched the videos , piper should n't have either . 
 `` why were you watching her online ? '' 
 i demanded , and for just a second , the dangerous edge in my tone gave her pause . 
 but then she stood straighter and stuck her chin out defiantly . 
 `` because you 've been parading her all over campus , and anyone you bring into contact with my daughter is my business . 
 i do n't want her anywhere near caroline . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because she 's not a good influence on a two-year old ! 
 or on you , obviously . '' 
 `` bullshit ! '' 
 i whispered , and piper 's gaze narrowed until i got the feeling she was trying to shoot lightning bolts at me through her eyes . 
 i glanced into the living room , but caroline was still happily `` driving '' in front of the coffee table . 
 allie would be good with her . 
 good for her , even . 
 they both liked mariokart . 
 and me . 
 `` piper , you know i would never bring anyone into cara 's life who did n't deserve to be there , and you do n't get to decide who i spend time with ! '' 
 `` the hell i do n't . 
 you 're a dad now , and you have to quit living like a drunken bachelor if you expect to spend time with your daughter . '' 
 she stomped into the living room , and i could n't stop her without grabbing her arm , but if i tried that , i 'd never see my daughter again . 
 piper would make sure of that . 
 `` come on cara . '' 
 `` ma-wee-o , '' caroline insisted , twisting her steering wheel extra hard for emphasis . 
 `` no mario today , hon. daddy 's in time out . 
 why do n't you tell him to be good , so he can come see you next week . '' 
 anger spiked the length of my body , burning hot in every nerve ending . 
 she could n't just take my daughter away ! 
 `` damn it , piper ... '' i could hear the warning in my voice , but it only made her angrier . 
 `` come on , sweetie . '' 
 she pulled the steering wheel from cara 's chubby hands and tossed it onto the couch , then picked up the toddler over her protests . 
 `` you can stay with aunt trish today while mommy works . '' 
 `` piper . '' 
 i spoke through clenched teeth . 
 `` you said i could have her all weekend . 
 i made plans . '' 
 i wanted the girls who were most important in my life to meet , and to fall in love . 
 `` you should have thought about that before you got naked with the campus slut . '' 
 `` do n't do this . '' 
 i stepped in front of the door , blocking her way , and piper 's jaw tightened . 
 `` you ca n't just take her away . 
 i 'm her father . '' 
 `` you let me know when you 're ready to be a good one , and we 'll be back . '' 
 my fists clenched . 
 anger and panic roiled together inside me . 
 `` you 're not leaving here with my daughter . 
 it 's my weekend . '' 
 `` get out of the way , or i 'll call the police and tell them you 're holding us here . '' 
 she dug her phone from her pocket with her free hand , balancing caroline on her opposite hip . 
 `` how will that help you get visitation ? '' 
 fucking bitch ! 
 but one look at my daughter 's round , scared eyes threw a bucket of water over the fire building inside me . 
 she would n't understand that her mother was being unreasonable . 
 trying to take her away . 
 caroline would n't understand that i was yelling at her mommy to protect and defend my time with her . 
 my fucking god-given right to be with my daughter . 
 `` she 's mine too , piper . 
 and she has a right to spend time with her father . 
 do n't do this to her . '' 
 `` do n't do this to us ! '' 
 to us ? 
 i understood piper 's concern that a series of girlfriends paraded in front of our daughter would be bad for caroline . 
 we 'd both agreed on that -- and on any potential parade of men in piper 's life -- from the start . 
 but how on earth was my relationship with allie bad for piper ? 
 i could tell from the anger emanating from her like radiation from a dirty bomb that she was in no mood to explain . 
 `` okay . 
 wait , let 's talk about this . 
 i was going to introduce allie and caroline , but i wo n't , if it makes you that uncomfortable . '' 
 maybe she did n't want another woman put in a potential mommy-position with her daughter . 
 i could see the logic in that , if i tilted my head just right and studied her irrationality through half-closed eyes . 
 `` i 'll only see allie when i do n't have caroline . '' 
 the concession made my chest ache , but i could n't see any way around it . 
 at least that way , i 'd get to keep them both . 
 `` you 're an idiot . '' 
 piper spat the word like poison , and i swear it stung , but there was pain in her eyes too , lurking right there beneath the venom . 
 i did n't understand it , but i could see it . 
 `` break it off with your slut , or you 'll never see your daughter again . 
 i 'm not kidding , noah . 
 now get the hell out of my way , or i 'll dial ! '' 
 her voice hovered on the edge of a shout and her finger hovered over the `` emergency '' button on her phone screen . 
 `` move ! '' 
 i moved . 
 with my daughter as leverage , piper had me , and she damn well knew it . 
 and i knew better than to fight back while cara was watching . 
 coleman had lost his boys when their mother moved out of state while we were deployed , and piper would go much further than that , if i pushed her . 
 i might eventually be able to win split custody of caroline -- or at least official visitation -- but i 'd never get back the time i 'd lose with my daughter during the custody battle , and i could n't put her through that . 
 she was just a kid . 
 piper reached for the doorknob , and when my hand settled over hers , she looked up at me , and the raw hope shining in her eyes caught me by surprise . 
 maybe she was n't unwilling to negotiate . 
 maybe she was truly looking out for caroline , misguided as her efforts were . 
 maybe i just had to find a way to put her fears to rest . 
 `` please , piper . 
 allie is n't a threat to your maternity . 
 give her a chance . 
 you might actually like her . '' 
 her gaze hardened and her jaw clenched . 
 piper pulled open the door and stomped out of the apartment , diaper bag bouncing against her hip . 
 caroline held her arms out to me over her mother 's shoulder , all the way down the hall , and my heart cracked into a million pieces , then exploded and left sharp bits embedded deep within me , like shrapnel . 
 i managed to close the door softly , to keep from scaring caroline , but when i was sure they were gone , i lost it . 
 i recognized the roar that burst from my throat from earlier , less domesticated days , but i did n't see what i 'd broken until i knelt to pick up the pieces of the plate that had held allie 's leftover breakfast . 
 her bagel was now plastered to the living room wall with a paste made of cream cheese and strawberry jam . 
 as i cleaned up the mess , all i could think about was the fact that i had n't even gotten to give caroline a hug goodbye . 
 and that a goodbye hug was now all i could afford to give to allie . 
 chapter ten allie `` hey ! '' 
 i dropped my backpack to the right of the door , then pulled it shut and headed for noah as he stood from the couch . 
 but when he slid his hands into his pockets instead of reaching for me , i stopped . 
 something was obviously wrong . 
 the tv was off , but he 'd been sitting with no book , no headphones , and no other obvious form of entertainment . 
 as near as i could tell , he 'd just been staring at the door . 
 waiting for me . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked , and in spite of the signs i 'd already noticed , i half expected him to smile , pull me into a hug , and assure me that everything was fine . 
 instead , he gestured toward the couch with one hand . 
 `` sit down . 
 i need to talk to you . '' 
 `` where 's your ... company ? '' 
 i glanced around the apartment , looking for a suitcase . 
 listening for sounds from another room . 
 had something happened to his sister ? 
 `` she could n't make it today . 
 allie , will you sit , please ? 
 we need to talk . '' 
 my heart thumped too hard and my throat felt too thick . 
 i had n't had many actual breakups -- they 're hard to accomplish , without actual relationships -- but i knew this scene from hundreds of books and movies . 
 i was about to get dumped . 
 `` i 'm fine here by the door . 
 i assume i 'll be using it in a minute anyway . '' 
 i blinked , fighting stunned tears , then cleared my throat . 
 `` you 're ending this , right ? '' 
 and suddenly i remembered why drunken hookups were so much easier . 
 everything was easier , back when i did n't give a damn . 
 before i 'd had expectations . 
 before i 'd trusted anyone other than violet . 
 noah exhaled slowly . 
 `` this is really hard for me . 
 i 've been sitting here for hours , trying to figure out how to even start to say this , but ... nothing came . '' 
 `` then just say it . 
 use that golden tongue and tell me why . '' 
 he flinched , as if the words stung , and on the surface i felt bad about that , because i did n't want to hurt him . 
 i wanted to kiss him . 
 i wanted to be held by him , while he told me this was a mistake , and he would never want to be rid of me , because he could n't fucking live without me . 
 but deep inside i was glad my words had hurt him , because he was n't going to say any of that . 
 he was n't going to heal the wound he 'd just carved through my heart and well into my soul , so the least he could do was suffer a little verbal thorn with some grace . 
 `` allie ... '' he reached for me , but i backed away until my spine hit the wall . 
 `` do n't . 
 if you 're going to dump me , do n't fucking touch me . 
 just be man enough to tell me what i did wrong , and i 'll go . '' 
 leaving might kill me , but i would go . 
 even fun-allie knew better than to stay where she was n't wanted . 
 `` you did n't do anything wrong . 
 you 're perfect . 
 this has nothing to do with you . 
 i know that sounds like a cop-out , but i swear it 's the truth . '' 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 if i were perfect -- or even just perfect for him -- he would n't be standing across the room , and i would n't feel like my chest was a gaping wound sucking at the world through the hole left when he 'd ripped my heart out . 
 `` no . 
 allie . 
 this is n't what i want . 
 the timing is just so bad . '' 
 his hands looked empty and awkward , as if he still wanted to reach for me , and his voice cracked on the last word . 
 he looked upset . 
 but surely that was just his way of letting me down easy . 
 `` this is coming out all wrong . 
 everything i say sounds like a cliché , but it 's all true . 
 if i 'd met you a couple of years ago , things would be different . 
 i would never let you go . 
 not even long enough for you to brush your teeth in private . '' 
 `` then why ? 
 what changed , noah ? '' 
 then , with a sudden aching intuition , i understood . 
 `` this is about the blowjob , is n't it ? '' 
 he 'd violated his oath -- in his heart , if not in reality -- and he could n't stand the knowledge that he 'd broken his word . 
 i should never have pressured him to do that . 
 he had n't let me touch him since that night at the gym . 
 i 'd been so desperate to hold onto him that i 'd pushed him away instead . 
 maybe i should have seen this coming , but i had n't , and the sucker punch hurt so badly i could hardly stand upright . 
 `` no . 
 that was -- '' he bit the thought off mid-sentence and his eyes narrowed as he studied me . 
 then he seemed to come to some unspoken conclusion . 
 surely he 'd decided to tell me the truth . 
 `` it was n't the blow job , but the fact that i let that happen is a symptom of the larger problem . 
 that problem is how badly i want you , allie . 
 i ache to hold you all the time . 
 to see you . 
 to talk to you . 
 it 's only been two weeks , but i 've gotten used to waking up with you next to me , and we both know there 's only so long we can go on like this without giving in to what we really want . 
 i do n't want to resent you later for being the reason i broke my vow . 
 and i do n't want you to hate me for the same reason . '' 
 but it was fine if i hated him for dumping me ? 
 `` you 're breaking up with me because you like me too much ? 
 that is some beautiful bullshit , noah ! 
 you dump me out of the blue , but you 're still the good guy because you want me too much . '' 
 he reached for me again , but i had no retreat left , and the air suddenly felt too thick to breathe . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 i shouted , and he looked startled , but backed away with both hands held up , palms out . 
 `` i wish you 'd never touched me . '' 
 i seized the anger burning inside me and fed it until it roasted my pain and vaporized my unshed tears , because the alternative was unacceptable . 
 i could not cry in front of him . 
 `` i wish i 'd never met you , '' i spat . 
 heather was right . 
 it was better to avoid temptation than to take that first bite , then have the feast stolen away from you forever . 
 `` if it was always going to end like this , you should never have asked me out in the first place . '' 
 `` i wanted to help you . '' 
 `` fuck you ! 
 i do n't need your help , and i do n't want your sympathy . 
 stay the hell away from me . '' 
 i grabbed my backpack and pulled the door open , then ran down the hall without bothering to close the door at my back . 
 `` allie ! '' 
 noah called from behind me , and if he 'd chased me , i would have let him catch me , because the ache from losing him still hurt infinitely worse than my wounded pride . 
 but when i did n't stop , he only closed the apartment door . 
 i ran down two flights of stairs , fighting tears , now that he was n't there to witness my heartbreak , but by the time i hit the sidewalk , i was seeing clearly . 
 my vision had been sharpened by the truth . 
 focused by pain . 
 i pulled my phone from my pocket and scrolled through the contacts as i marched down the sidewalk , resisting the urge to look up at noah 's window to see if he was watching . 
 `` hey , allie , what 's up ? '' 
 brenna said , answering on the second ring . 
 `` what are you doing tonight ? '' 
 `` kappa alpha theta 's fourth of july party . 
 you ? '' 
 i only hesitated for a second . 
 `` the same , if you have room for one more . '' 
 her silence sounded reluctant , so i backtracked . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 you probably have a date or something ... '' `` no , i 'm going with a couple of girls from my chem lab . 
 you 're welcome to come . 
 it 's just that ... do you really think that 's the best place to be for a recovering alcoholic ? '' 
 when i looked up , i saw my own reflection in the window of the taco place where noah took me that first night . 
 anger flared with the memory . 
 had he known even then that this was coming ? 
 why would he tell me i was `` the only , '' then end it with no clear reason ? 
 `` what are you , my mom ? '' 
 i snapped , fully aware that i was taking my pain out on her , but unable to stop . 
 `` no , i 'm your friend . 
 at least , i 'm trying to be . '' 
 i swallowed a groan and decided to tell her the truth . 
 `` noah dumped me . '' 
 `` oh , hon , i 'm sorry ! '' 
 springs squealed over the line , and i recognized them from the reception desk chair in our dorm . 
 brenna had the morning shift . 
 `` me too . 
 i just do n't want to be alone tonight . 
 i 'm not planning to relapse or anything , but i thought that might be easier if i was with friends . '' 
 friends who 'll be drinking . 
 but i pushed that thought away . 
 those were the only friends i had left , since violet was still in rehab -- the irony had never stung so badly as it did in that moment -- and my only other alternative was to hang out alone in my dorm room , with nothing and no one around to distract me from how badly i wanted a drink . 
 and how badly i wanted noah . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll meet you in the lobby at seven . '' 
 *** `` you look great ! '' 
 brenna spun one finger in the air and i turned a circle to give her the full view . 
 `` planning to get even with a certain smokin ' ex-marine tonight ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 no revenge hookup , and no drinking . 
 call me allie 2.0 . 
 but i did look good . 
 i 'd pulled out all the stops . 
 short skirt . 
 snug top . 
 extra care with my eye makeup . 
 hot-but-functional shoes . 
 my plan was to party until i was too tired to move , so there 'd be no time to think about noah . 
 no time to think about drinking . 
 i would just dance until i passed out from exhaustion . 
 tomorrow would be a different beast to tame , but i 'd just have to deal with that ... tomorrow . 
 `` so what happened with noah ? '' 
 brenna asked , hanging back to walk with me so the rest of her friends would n't hear . 
 `` last i heard , things were going well . '' 
 `` i have no idea what happened . 
 he wanted me to meet his sister tonight , and he sounded like meeting her was a really big deal . 
 but when i got there , there was no sister , and he just ... ended it . 
 he tried to explain , but none of it made any sense . 
 i think there 's something he 's not telling me . 
 maybe something to do with worth the wait . '' 
 `` you think he dumped you because of that stupid celibacy group ? '' 
 `` that 's what he seemed to be saying , but it did n't sound like the truth . 
 not the whole truth , anyway . 
 does n't matter tonight , though . 
 i just want to forget about noah and have some fun . '' 
 without drinking . 
 we were greeted at the door to the kappa house with a tray full of red , white , and blue jello shots , and a guy in a maroon polo with the kappa emblem embroidered on one shoulder encouraged us to do all three colors together , to demonstrate patriotism . 
 moron . 
 i gave mine to brenna . 
 for the first hour or so , i danced with brenna and her friends , but the drunker they got , the less they wanted to dance , and one by one they abandoned me for couches , stupid drinking games , and upstairs rooms . 
 violet would n't have left me alone at a party , but i 'd ducked out on her more times than i could count . 
 definitely more times than i could remember . 
 if turnabout really was fair play , i 'd probably spend the next three years of my life with karma 's stiletto-heeled boot lodged firmly up my ass . 
 reluctant to sit , i danced -- alone and in pairs -- until i got so thirsty my tongue felt glued to the roof of my mouth . 
 during my search for a bottle of water , i ran into tyler . 
 `` allie , hey ! '' 
 his eyes were glazed , his breath was sharp and bitter , and his nose was still swollen from its meeting with noah 's fist two weeks before . 
 i felt really good about that for at least two seconds before i remembered that noah had just dealt me an equally painful blow . 
 `` what ' cha drinkin ' ? 
 let me get you a refill . '' 
 he glanced around the large kitchen , then headed for a huge bowl of punch next to a stack of blue plastic cups . 
 `` just water , thanks . '' 
 `` you 're driving ? 
 cause you can always crash here . 
 half these assholes will anyway . '' 
 `` not tonight , '' i insisted , and he shrugged , then dug into a mini fridge beneath the island for a bottle of water . 
 i cracked the seal and gulped half the contents . 
 `` you here alone ? '' 
 he was asking about noah , but if tyler was n't willing to say his name , i was n't either . 
 `` i came with friends . '' 
 `` where are these ` friends ? '' ' 
 `` around . '' 
 i 'd last seen brenna playing darts for shots in one corner of a room at the back of the first floor . 
 a sudden loud crack split the air , and i dropped into a squat on the kitchen floor , my heart pounding in my ears . 
 i did n't know whether to run or hide . 
 to call the cops or grab a mop . 
 when no one else panicked , i peeked out from behind the island , my pulse racing fast enough to make me dizzy , but i saw no blood . 
 heard no screams . 
 what the hell ? 
 `` allie ? '' 
 tyler said , as a series of loud cracks echoed from beyond the kitchen window . 
 i let him pull me up and could already feel my face flaming . 
 it was the fucking fourth of july . 
 i was hearing fireworks , not gunfire . 
 nobody was dead . 
 no one had to be cremated . 
 no one was dividing up the stolen cash , and no one would be looking for me , to reclaim my share . 
 it was just a fucking frat party . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 tyler popped the cap on a fresh beer , eyeing me in what could have been either concern or suspicion . 
 `` yeah . 
 the noise just caught me by surprise . '' 
 `` that 'll go on all night . 
 maybe you should have a drink and relax . '' 
 he pushed his untouched beer toward me . 
 `` i told you . 
 i do n't drink anymore . '' 
 i gave him icy eye contact . 
 `` only an asshole would offer a beer to a recovering alcoholic . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he held up both hands in a defensive gesture . 
 `` i did n't think you were serious . 
 a soda , then , '' he said , and i nodded when i realized i 'd spilled what was left of my water when i 'd hit the floor . 
 maybe just holding a cup of soda -- an alcohol placebo -- would make me feel better . 
 more normal , as if i had n't just had my heart broken by the most amazing man i 'd ever met and the living shit scared out of me by a fucking firecracker . 
 `` allie ! '' 
 brenna called from the doorway , holding a dart like a tiny missile . 
 `` come plaaaaaay . 
 i 'll take your shots if you lose ! '' 
 frat parties are no fun for the sober . 
 i declined the dart game and accepted the cup tyler held out to me , but sniffed at the contents . 
 `` no alcohol , i swear , '' he said with one hand over his heart , as if that meant i should trust him . 
 i took a single cautious sip to confirm what both tyler and my nose were telling me . 
 then i relaxed . 
 no alcohol . 
 `` thanks . 
 why are you being so nice ? '' 
 i said , when he pushed a bowl full of snack mix toward me . 
 `` someone recently pointed out that i sometimes come across as a bit of an asshole . 
 i took down the video , '' tyler said . 
 `` posting it was one of those asshole moves . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i sipped from my cup , watching him over the rim , far from convinced by his change of heart . 
 `` you sure you did n't take it down because someone else pointed out how fragile the human nose can be ? '' 
 tyler glanced at the countertop . 
 `` well , the timing might be a bit suspect , but i assure you i 've seen the error of my ways . '' 
 `` glad to hear it . '' 
 i had nowhere else to be and he did n't try to offer me another drink , so i followed tyler into the den to watch the dart game and cheer for brenna , but when he left to use the bathroom , i pulled my phone from my pocket to check for a text from noah . 
 just in case . 
 there were no messages . 
 almost as if breaking up meant we should n't talk , or make out , or give each other non-penetrative orgasms on a daily basis anymore . 
 i was starting to think noah had n't fully thought out this breakup thing , and that he was actually dumb enough to take me seriously when i 'd said -- okay , shouted -- that he should stay the fuck away from me . 
 what was i thinking ? 
 i selected noah 's number from the contacts list and was a breath away from calling him to demand another , clearer explanation for our breakup when tyler came back with a fresh cup of diet coke . 
 i slid my phone into my pocket and took the cup . 
 then i tried to forget about noah porter , once and for all . 
 chapter eleven noah my phone rang as i was popping the top from my second beer , trying to drown out the firecrackers with a racing game i did n't give even half a shit about . 
 allie 's steering wheel sat on the coffee table , next to caroline 's pink one , and they both looked as miserable and lonely as i felt . 
 i picked my phone up from the end table and my chest ached when i saw allie smiling at me from the screen . 
 i 'd taken that picture after an afternoon of go-carts and an utterly ridiculous round of mini-golf . 
 for two straight rings , i could only stare at the phone , trying to decide what to say . 
 was she calling to yell at me ? 
 to demand more details about the bullshit i 'd fed her that afternoon ? 
 the only problem you 're going to have with that girl is that she 'll believe anything you tell her . 
 coleman was right about that , and i 'd used her trust in me against her . 
 like an asshole . 
 i answered the phone , with no fucking clue what to say . 
 `` allie ? '' 
 but after a second of listening to loud music and muffled conversation , i realized she 'd called me by accident , from a party , and had no idea i could hear her . 
 the loud rustling sound said her phone was still in her pocket . 
 `` hey , where ' r we goin ' ? '' 
 her words were sluggish and deliberate , and i groaned , running one hand through my hair . 
 she 'd been drinking . 
 `` let 's take this party someplace private . '' 
 i popped up from the couch , alert and angry from the very first word spoken by a man over allie 's phone . 
 his speech was n't slurred . 
 if he 'd been drinking , he was nowhere near as drunk as she was . 
 damn it , allie . 
 `` allison ! '' 
 i shouted into the phone , but there was no response , other than more rustling , and the muffled closing of a door , which cut off the party music . 
 son of a bitch ! 
 i tried to set aside my personal rage at the thought of someone else touching her long enough to determine whether or not she wanted this private party with some asshole just begging to have his head ripped from his shoulders . 
 i could n't swoop in and save her from something she wanted , even if she only wanted it to get back at me . 
 `` wait , i wan na go back to the party . '' 
 her words all ran together , and rage raced through my veins like fire . 
 she did n't want him . 
 say something else ... my hand clenched around the phone and i grabbed my keys on the way out the door . 
 tell me where you are , allie ! 
 i took the stairs so fast i almost bit it after half a floor , then had to force myself to slow down . 
 i 'd be no use to her , lying at the bottom of the stairs with my head busted open . 
 `` we will . 
 just finish your drink first , '' the asshole said , and anger crested inside me , beating relentlessly against my patience like waves against a sea wall . 
 `` you need to relax . '' 
 when i found him , i 'd break every bone in the fucker 's face , and he could spend the next six weeks `` relaxing '' in intensive care . 
 `` i do n't want ... '' where the hell are you ? 
 i ran out through the front hall and jogged across the parking lot , then unlocked my car and slid behind the wheel without bothering with a seatbelt . 
 with my cell set on speakerphone , i shifted into reverse and backed out of the space , then tore out of the lot and onto the street , headed straight for fraternity row . 
 allie 's party was n't loud enough for a club , so my gut said she was at a frat house . 
 but if i was wrong , i 'd never find her in time to break that asshole 's hands off before they touched her . 
 while i drove , the sounds over the speaker devolved into the rustle of clothing and a series of soft sucking sounds . 
 `` wait . 
 stop ! '' 
 allie said . 
 `` this is n't ... i do n't want ... '' the slurring was getting worse , and she seemed to be struggling for words . 
 some piece of furniture squealed and i prayed i was n't hearing the groan of a bed frame . 
 `` i do n't do that anymore ! '' 
 `` do n't do what ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` this . 
 i 'm not here for ... this . 
 for you . '' 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 there was a terrifying moment of silence over the line , and i was so busy listening that i ran right through a red light and left horns blaring all around me . 
 when allie finally spoke , i could hardly hear her . 
 `` i came to forget . '' 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 my fist slammed into the steering wheel . 
 my car swerved and bumped the curb before i could straighten it . 
 she 'd gone to that damn party because i 'd dumped her . 
 to forget about me . 
 this was my fault . 
 `` i do n't think that 's going to be a problem , '' the asshole said , and i considered ripping him open and strangling him with his own entrails . 
 something thunked over the line , and allie giggled . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 the guy said , but he sounded more pleased than concerned . 
 `` fell down . '' 
 `` i can see that . '' 
 he laughed , and i pictured my fist plowing right through his no doubt painstakingly straightened and whitened grill . 
 `` let me ... here , just lie down until you feel better . 
 i 'll sit here with you . '' 
 `` what ... what are you doing ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 just taking a little video , '' he said , and the world blurred beneath my rage . 
 why the hell was every frat house on campus throwing a party on the same night ? 
 right on cue , another round of lights exploded in the sky and i remembered it was the fourth of july . 
 it was n't just fraternity row -- everyone in the country was partying . 
 i 'd never find allie without more to go on . 
 `` so what happened to your boyfriend ? '' 
 the guy asked , and i realized i 'd heard those pops both in person and over the line . 
 allie was close , and whoever she was with had seen us together at some point . 
 maybe i 'd even met him . 
 `` dumped me , '' she said , as i tried to remember everyone she 'd ever introduced me to . 
 it was a short list . 
 `` you 're better off without him . 
 he was a fucking meathead . '' 
 `` jarhead , '' she corrected , and i would have laughed , if i were n't so pissed off i could hardly focus on the rows of two-story houses lining the street on either side of my car . 
 `` noah . 
 and he took you down with one shot . '' 
 i 'd what ? 
 and finally it clicked . 
 frat boy . 
 videos . 
 broken nose . 
 tyler . 
 she was with that entitled little white-collar prick . 
 `` i know how we can both pay him back with one blow , '' tyler said , and my fists clenched around the steering wheel . 
 `` i don ' wan na pay ... '' `` you 'll change your mind . 
 we 'll have a little fun and make another video . 
 something special , just for meathead . '' 
 that black-souled bastard ! 
 what frat ? 
 i scanned the front of one house after another , suddenly lamenting the fact that i 'd never bothered to learn the greek alphabet , until the letter k stood out at me from the front of a large white-sided house on the left . 
 tyler 'd worn a maroon shirt , and the first letter of his frat house was k. kappa alpha theta . 
 tyler was a kappa . 
 `` no , ty , i do n't wan na ... '' `` just lie back . 
 i 'll do all the work . '' 
 fury shooting through me in white-hot sparks , i parked as close as i could get to the kappa house on a party night and shoved both my keys and my phone into my pocket as i slammed the car door . 
 i raced across the street and down the sidewalk , ignoring inebriated greetings from the front yards of two other houses , as well as the continuous pop of black cats from some nearby backyard . 
 i stomped up the steps and threw open the kappa door , then had to push my way through a wall of music and laughter so loud it formed an almost physical barrier . 
 i grabbed the first maroon polo collar i saw . 
 `` watch it ! '' 
 the greek-lettered asswipe slurred , then fell silent when he turned to look up at me . 
 `` where 's tyler ? '' 
 i growled , but he could n't hear me over the crowd . 
 `` where 's tyler ? '' 
 i shouted that time , and people turned to look . 
 `` who the fuck are you ? '' 
 the belligerent drunk demanded , pointing at me with a half-empty beer bottle . 
 `` i 'm the meathead who 's going to break your skull open if you do n't tell me where tyler 's room is in the next three seconds . '' 
 `` you ca n't just -- '' `` onetwothree . '' 
 my fist crashed into his jaw . 
 frat boy fell over backward , beer from his bottle arching over a four-foot radius , and before he hit the ground , i had the next maroon-shirted partier pinned to the wall with one hand on his chest , the other pulled back and ready to smash his face . 
 `` tyler 's room . 
 now . '' 
 `` upstairs , third door on the right , '' he said without hesitation . 
 `` you 're smart . 
 they should make you president . '' 
 i let him go and headed for the stairs , and when another maroon-clad brother stepped into my path , i shoved him aside , and he stumbled , then fell through a glass case full of trophies celebrating victories i could n't even identify , other than to eliminate traditional sports . 
 no one else got in my way , but by then those who were n't too drunk to function had pulled out phones and i only dimly realized that rather than calling the police , they were all taking pictures and video . 
 fucking morons . 
 i raced up the stairs and down the hall , and now that the party below had gone quiet , i could hear allie before i even got to the third door on the right . 
 `` no ! 
 turn it off ... '' i threw the door open , and it swung back to slam into the wall . 
 tyler spun toward me , his camera phone in one hand , aimed at the bed , the other frozen in the act of shoving allie 's skirt over her hip . 
 she lay on the bed , one hand holding the side of her skirt down , the other held out in front of her , trying to block herself from the camera . 
 `` get the fuck off her ! '' 
 i hardly recognized my own words , they were so low-pitched and run together , but tyler seemed to get the gist . 
 he backed away from allie , both hands up , as if i were holding a gun on him , and for one fleeting , blissfully violent second , i wished i were . 
 i crossed the room in three steps and plucked the phone from his hand , then threw a right cross into his jaw . 
 tyler went down like one hundred eighty pounds of asshole , and i turned to allie . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 her eyes were unfocused . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i dropped tyler 's phone into a half-full cup sitting on the dresser , then squatted next to him and started pounding his face in . 
 `` noah ! '' 
 allie cried , and on the edge of my vision , i saw her struggling to sit up . 
 `` stop , you 'll kill him ! '' 
 `` only if he 's lucky . '' 
 i threw one more punch , and might have kept going , but then allie tried to stand and fell to her knees on the floor . 
 footsteps raced up the stairs , then headed down the hall toward us as i stood to help her up . 
 `` what the hell are you doing ? '' 
 she demanded , the words all slurred together . 
 `` getting you out of here . '' 
 i put one arm around her and was startled by how little of her own weight she seemed able to hold and how unbalanced she felt , as if she 'd tip over without support . 
 `` i do n't need you to rescue me ... '' she protested , but her voice was soft and every time she blinked it took a little longer for her eyes to open again . 
 `` well , i 'll tell you what . 
 you can rescue yourself just as soon as you 're sober enough to walk . '' 
 i picked her up in both arms and had to turn sideways to get her out the door , past the crowd that had gathered to watch . 
 `` i 'm not ... drunk . 
 i did n't have any ... '' her sentences faded into nothing and as her head fell back against my arm , her eyes fluttered shut . 
 that time they did n't open again . 
 damn it . 
 `` hey ! 
 get back here ! '' 
 one of the frat brothers shouted , and i looked back to see three of them kneeling around tyler , who 'd come around enough to resist their efforts to pick him up . 
 `` take your friend to the hospital and make sure he understands that if he files a report , so will we . 
 i will not hesitate to tear this house to the ground and burn the fucking charter for what you let happen here . 
 now get the hell out of my way . '' 
 no one tried to stop me as i carried allie down the stairs , out the door , and all the way to my car , where i buckled her into the passenger seat . 
 as i drove off , i stuck my hand out the window and flipped off the kappa house and the crowd gathered on its front porch . 
 at my apartment , i carried allie up two flights of stairs , and if i 'd remembered to lock the door on my way out , i would have had a hell of a time getting back inside with her . 
 i hesitated at the bedroom doorway , but in the end i put her on the futon in caroline 's room instead . 
 allie could n't wake up in my bed the morning after a relapse triggered by our breakup . 
 i set a bottle of water , two tylenol , and an empty puke bowl on the table next to the futon , for when she woke up , but she was sleeping so deeply that i could n't leave her alone . 
 i was afraid she might stop breathing in her sleep , so after an hour of watching her chest rise and fall in slow , shallow breaths , i rinsed blood from my fists for the second time since i 'd met her , grabbed a pillow from the couch , and curled up on the floor next to the futon . 
 just in case . 
 chapter twelve allie when i opened my eyes , the world made no sense . 
 i did n't recognize the ceiling , even once i was able to bring it into focus . 
 the material beneath me was unfamiliar , as was the blanket draped over me . 
 i tried to sit up , but nausea rolled through me and the world tilted , so i propped myself up on my elbows instead , my eyes closed , trying to breathe through the sharp throbbing in my head . 
 when the pain had receded into a dull but persistent ache , i opened my eyes again and slowly , carefully turned onto my right side , trying to remember how i 'd gotten ... wherever i was . 
 a piece of furniture came into focus across from the couch i lay on -- or was it a futon ? 
 -- and i blinked , suddenly sure i was hallucinating . 
 a crib . 
 i was staring at a crib with a pink and yellow bumper . 
 along the same wall stood a half-height bookshelf lined with toys , stuffed animals , and thick , colorful kids ' books . 
 what ... ? 
 where the hell was i ? 
 i sat up slowly , slowly , slowly , looking around what was obviously a small child 's room , until my gaze found a scuffed side table at the end of the futon where my head had been . 
 the table held a glass of water , two tylenol tablets , an empty mixing bowl , and my cell phone . 
 what the hell happened last night ? 
 when i was sure i would n't need the vomit bowl , i folded the blanket back to discover that i still wore all my clothes , and when i swung my legs carefully onto the floor , my right foot hit something soft . 
 i looked down to find a couch pillow on the floor near the head of the futon . 
 as if someone had slept there . 
 on the floor . 
 next to me . 
 i picked the pillow up and ran my fingers over the decorative thread pattern , in masculine shades of gray and dark green . 
 i knew that couch pillow . 
 i 'd used it to muffle all manner of moans and screams when ... noah . 
 that was noah 's couch pillow . 
 i stood carefully , and when the world stopped spinning , i took three steps toward the door , then opened it and froze . 
 noah 's apartment . 
 somehow i was in noah 's apartment , which meant that the little girl 's room was in his apartment too . 
 `` hey . '' 
 startled , i looked up to find noah standing in the kitchen doorway , holding two steaming mugs . 
 the sudden motion made my head spin , but the scent of coffee helped settle my stomach . 
 a little . 
 `` i was just coming to see if you were awake , '' noah said , but he remained in the doorway , and after a few seconds , i remembered telling him to stay away from me . 
 i remembered telling him i wished he 'd never touched me . 
 i remembered lying through my teeth . 
 `` i 'm assuming you know that your home office is actually a nursery , '' i said , and he exhaled slowly , as if the question somehow relieved him . 
 had he expected me to stomp out without another word ? 
 without a single question ? 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` how old is she ? '' 
 `` two . 
 barely . 
 her name is caroline . '' 
 his eyes lit up when he said her name and i wanted to smile , because whatever made him happy made me happy , even though he 'd dumped me . 
 i could n't just turn off my feelings , even if he could . 
 but if he 'd turned off whatever he 'd felt for me , why was i in his apartment ? 
 because he was a good guy . 
 i did n't wake up in his bed , because he did n't want me there anymore , but he 'd slept on the floor of the nursery to take care of me after ... whatever had happened last night . 
 because he was a damn good guy . 
 even if he was n't my guy anymore . 
 `` i wanted to tell you about her , '' noah said , drawing me out of my own thoughts . 
 `` then why did n't you ? '' 
 `` there never seemed to be a good time . '' 
 `` bullshit . 
 you make time to tell someone who 's important to you that you have a kid . '' 
 i exhaled , trying to swallow disappointment as the truth finally sank in . 
 `` i guess i was n't that important . '' 
 in spite of what he 'd said , and the time he 'd spent with me . 
 was it all a game for him ? 
 something to distract him from the tedium of celibacy ? 
 no . 
 he was helping me . 
 but it obviously did n't mean any more than that to him , and he 'd only let me believe we had a future to make me happy . 
 so i would n't drink . 
 `` no . 
 allie , you 're very important to me . 
 that 's why i did n't tell you . 
 i was n't sure how you 'd react to caroline , '' he said , and i really wanted to believe him . 
 `` that 's why you broke up with me ? 
 because you thought i would n't like you if i knew you were a dad ? '' 
 surely a stupid reason for being dumped was better than no reason for being dumped . 
 `` no , that 's just why i put off telling you for so long . 
 caroline is n't the problem . 
 the plan was to introduce you to her last night , '' he said , and that 's when i understood that his guest was n't supposed to be his sister . 
 it was supposed to be his daughter . 
 `` but then ... it 's complicated , allie , and i 'm sorry i did n't explain it all sooner , but before i get into all of that , we need to talk about last night . 
 i need to know if you 're okay . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i said finally , when a search of my memory failed to provide even a hint of how i wound up asleep in his daughter 's room . 
 `` how did i get here ? '' 
 `` what 's the last thing you remember ? '' 
 noah crossed the room and set both mugs on the coffee table . 
 `` do you remember the party ? '' 
 the very mention of it jogged my memory , and i groaned . 
 kappa house . 
 brenna throwing darts . 
 fireworks that sounded like gunfire . 
 but after that , things got fuzzy . 
 `` i remember going to the party . 
 then i ran into ... '' tyler . 
 my hand clenched around something soft , and i looked down to see that i still held the couch pillow . 
 only now i clutched it like a bunny in a wolf 's jaws . 
 `` yes , tyler was there . '' 
 he 'd heard what i had n't said out loud , and there was something strange in noah 's voice . 
 something angry and barely controlled . 
 he sat on the couch , and i rounded the end of it so i could see his face again . 
 `` were you there ? '' 
 `` i came to get you out . '' 
 `` you ... ? '' 
 i blinked , torn between anger over the presumption and relief over the obvious conclusion -- that he still gave a damn , in spite of dumping me . 
 `` get mad if you want , but you called me , and things were getting out of hand with tyler , and -- '' noah swallowed whatever he 'd intended to finish that sentence with and stood to face me directly . 
 `` you have to stop doing this to yourself , allie . 
 this ca n't be how you react to disappointments . '' 
 disappointments ? 
 anger burned beneath my skin , and i felt flushed all over . 
 i tossed the pillow onto the couch and propped my hands on my hips . 
 `` okay , first of all , ` disappointment ' does n't even begin to cover it . 
 you dumping me was more like -- '' trauma . 
 only you ca n't say that to your ex . 
 you ca n't show him that kind of vulnerability after he 's already ripped your heart right out of your chest , even if he says he still cares about you , because any blow to a vital organ will hurt like hell -- even one struck by accident . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' noah said , while i was still searching for a word i could say without dropping my emotional shield . 
 `` i handled that badly and if i could take it back , i would , but life is going to suck sometimes , allie , and you ca n't go get drunk every time someone hurts you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 my hands fell empty at my sides . 
 `` i did n't drink . 
 i 'm not going to break my promise to violet just because you dumped me . '' 
 not that i was n't tempted , but that would have made things worse , not better . 
 `` your speech was slurred over the phone , and you were only half-conscious when i got there . 
 you were drunk . '' 
 `` i did n't drink , and i did n't call you ! '' 
 but a fuzzy memory surfaced at the thought of my phone . 
 `` well , i started to call you . 
 i thought about it . 
 but i never pushed the button . '' 
 i 'd just slid my phone back into my pocket and accepted the drink tyler gave me . 
 the non-alcoholic cup of diet coke . 
 `` shit . 
 i butt-dialed you , did n't i ? '' 
 noah nodded . 
 `` and you were drunk . '' 
 `` i know what alcohol smells and tastes like , noah , and i did n't have any . '' 
 in fact , i 'd been thinking so clearly when i 'd accepted tyler 's cup that i 'd tasted it to screen not just for alcohol , but for sugar . 
 `` i drank plain diet coke . 
 no alcohol . 
 no sugar . '' 
 and that was the last thing i could remember . 
 `` you drank something tyler gave you ? '' 
 i nodded slowly , and the look of horror unfolding on noah 's face surely mirrored that on my own . 
 `` that bastard drugged me , did n't he ? '' 
 i sank onto the couch cushion farthest from noah , and he sat at the other end . 
 `` ghb would be my guess . 
 you ca n't taste it or smell it . '' 
 son of a bitch ! 
 i knew better . 
 i fucking knew better than to drink something i had n't poured for myself , but between the breakup and the gunshot flashback , i had n't been thinking . 
 `` what happened last night , noah ? '' 
 i leaned forward with my elbows on my knees , my hands clasped tightly together , fighting conflicting needs to know everything , and to shove the whole thing under the proverbial rug and never think about it again . 
 i 'd given away plenty of my own memories over the past couple of years , but having a night stolen from me felt different . 
 there 'd always been a part of me that thought i deserved the videos , and the names , and the less-than-subtle snickers because i 'd known when i took the first drink of the night that at some point i would lose control , not just of the drinking , but of myself , and that violet would n't -- could n't -- always be there to make sure i got home okay . 
 i 'd thought the risk that something bad might happen was worth it because without fun-allie , nothing good would happen either . 
 but this was different . 
 i had n't given up control . 
 it was taken from me . 
 `` noah , '' i said , when i noticed he still was n't talking . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` you called , and i realized you could n't hear me , but i could hear you and tyler . 
 he knew we 'd broken up . 
 he was talking about making another video , so you both could get back at me . 
 you did n't want to , but he did n't really care what you wanted . 
 he just kept telling you to have another drink , and the whole time i was driving around , trying to remember which frat he belonged to , i was shouting your name , but you could n't hear me . 
 when i finally found you , he was already filming , but he did n't get much . '' 
 i blinked to clear unshed tears from my vision . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` pretty sure , but even if i 'm wrong , it 's all gone now . 
 i dropped his phone in a cup of beer and got you out of there . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` no need , '' he said , but he was wrong . 
 he 'd been there for me even after the breakup , and i was more than thankful . 
 `` so tyler did n't ... ? '' 
 i could n't say it , and even thinking it made me feel sick . 
 `` no . 
 you were still dressed . '' 
 `` and your hand ? '' 
 i glanced pointedly at the knuckles of his right hand , which were split open and scabbed over . 
 `` should i assume tyler ran into it ? '' 
 `` repeatedly . 
 with his face . '' 
 noah shrugged . 
 `` fucker has a really hard skull . 
 i 'm sure he 's fine . '' 
 i did n't want him to be fine . 
 i wanted him to be naked on the internet , being touched by people he could n't remember , so the whole world could laugh at him and forward the links to their friends so they could laugh in groups . 
 i wanted him to be humiliated , and degraded , and afraid to watch the footage , scared of what he might see . 
 but i would take his caved in face as a consolation prize . 
 however ... `` what if he presses charges ? '' 
 `` he wo n't , because he knows i 'll tear his fraternity down around him . 
 they wo n't let him cost them their charter . 
 but that all went down before i knew he 'd drugged you . 
 something tells me he 's going to run into my fist a few more times . 
 with more parts of his body , '' noah growled . 
 `` thanks , but i think i 'd rather hit him where it 'll really hurt . 
 they can test for ghb , right ? '' 
 noah frowned . 
 `` yeah , but it does n't stay in your system for very long . 
 what time did he give it to you ? '' 
 `` around nine , i think . 
 they 'd just started the fireworks . 
 what time is it now ? '' 
 i asked , and he pulled his phone from his pocket to check the screen . 
 `` nearly eleven . 
 that 's fourteen hours . 
 they might still be able to detect it in your urine , and the sooner the better . 
 want me to take you to the er ? '' 
 he stood , already digging keys from his pocket . 
 `` the university health center is open until noon on saturdays . 
 it 'll have a shorter line . '' 
 `` will they have test kits ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 they hand out those drink test coasters a lot during the fall . '' 
 if i 'd been using my head , i would have taken one to the party . 
 `` let 's go . 
 i 'll drive . '' 
 *** the inside of noah 's car was about as messy as i 'd expected . 
 there was a car seat buckled into the middle of the backseat , facing forward , and when i saw that , i finally understood why i 'd never actually been in his car . 
 everywhere we 'd gone together had been within walking distance of his apartment . 
 hell , i 'd only driven to the gym that time so i would n't have to worry about a sudden gust of hot wind revealing the fact that i 'd gone commando . 
 noah walked me into the clinic and sat with me while i explained to the nurse on duty -- the only other person in the office -- what i suspected and why . 
 she took a urine sample immediately , and i returned to the waiting room to sit with noah for the five minutes she said the test would require . 
 `` tell me about her , '' i said , when my thoughts became too chaotic to manage and my nerves felt like exposed wires just beneath the surface of my skin , firing sparks almost constantly . 
 `` tell me about caroline . '' 
 `` she turned two last month . 
 she has a great vocabulary , excellent fine motor skills , and she loves mariokart . '' 
 `` the pink steering wheel is hers , is n't it ? '' 
 i 'd just assumed he played video games with all the girls he brought home -- even after i 'd discovered that he rarely brought girls home . 
 `` yeah . 
 she has my eyes , but everything else is her mother 's . 
 including her temper . 
 her mother 's the problem , allie . 
 piper 's the reason i broke up with you . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` well , that 's not true . 
 she 's the catalyst , but the reason is because i 'm a coward , and a fucking idiot . 
 i was scared to fight for you because i knew she 'd take caroline away , but my sister 's right . 
 if i give in to every demand piper makes , she 'll just keep making them . 
 eventually i 'm going to have to shut her down , and there 's no better hill to die on than this one . 
 than you . '' 
 `` i 'm the hill you want to die on ? '' 
 the stand he 'd decided to take , for better or for worse . 
 `` yes . 
 you and caroline are both worth fighting for , and if piper tries to come between me and either one of you , she 's going to have the battle of her life . '' 
 `` okay , that was a lot to take in at once . '' 
 i took a deep breath , trying to sort through all the new information . 
 `` piper 's your ex , and the mother of your child , and she made you dump me by threatening to take your daughter away ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 she 's only got that one card to play , and she 's been playing it for two years because it works . '' 
 `` why would it work ? 
 do n't you have visitation rights ? '' 
 `` not officially . 
 she did n't even put my name on the birth certificate , but she agreed to let me take caroline two weekends a month if i swore to live a more ` solitary ' lifestyle . '' 
 `` she made you sign the pledge ... '' i whispered , as the pieces finally started to fall into place in my head . 
 `` yeah , and i could n't really blame her at the time . 
 she 'd been out of circulation for nine months , and obviously miserable for most of that , and i was still out there doing whatever i wanted , with whomever i wanted , and she was right . 
 neither of us had any business trying to raise a kid with a different face showing up at the breakfast table every morning . 
 so she said i could have visitation if i quit ` sleeping around . ' 
 completely . 
 but that if i broke my vow , she 'd take caroline away and fight any official request for visitation or custody . 
 and she has lots of ammo . 
 i did n't live much like a good dad before caroline was born . '' 
 `` but that was before she was born ! 
 piper had no right to ask you to give up your own life . 
 she 's using caroline like collateral . 
 but that does n't even make any sense , because we have n't slept together . 
 not really . '' 
 `` she does n't believe that . 
 she saw you leaving my apartment yesterday morning and drew the obvious conclusion . '' 
 `` the woman with the toddler ... '' i 'd seen them . 
 the little girl was adorable , and her mother was gorgeous . 
 a flame of jealousy flared deep in my gut , and i tried to stamp it out before it could spread . 
 he was n't with piper anymore , and he obviously had no intention of going back to her . 
 piper , on the other hand ... `` she 's still in love with you . '' 
 noah smiled , as if the very thought was too ridiculous to truly consider . 
 `` no , it was never anything serious for either of us . 
 we went out a couple of times , and stayed in a couple of times , but we had n't seen each other in more than a month when she showed up to tell me she was pregnant . '' 
 `` noah , she 's in love with you . 
 that 's why she 's doing this . '' 
 how could he not see that ? 
 `` there 's no way she could see how committed you are to your pledge and think you 'd be a bad father , which means your paternal skills have nothing to do with her demands . 
 she 's trying to keep you away from other women because she wants you for herself . '' 
 noah looked unconvinced , but before he could argue , the nurse cleared her throat , and we looked up to find her standing in the doorway with a sheet of paper . 
 i stood and clutched noah 's hand when it slid into my grip . 
 `` i 'm sorry , hon , '' the nurse said . 
 `` the results were negative for ghb . '' 
 her face blurred beneath the tears standing in my eyes and i sucked in a deep breath , in spite of the sudden tightness in my chest . 
 `` that does n't make any sense . 
 i did n't have any alcohol last night , but i ca n't remember a thing after taking the cup he gave me . '' 
 and i 'd slept for nearly fourteen hours , then woke up with a headache , fighting nausea . 
 `` oh , hon , a negative result does n't mean you were n't drugged . 
 all this means for sure is that there is n't currently enough ghb in your system for our test to detect . 
 an hour ago , there might have been . 
 and judging from what you told me , i 'd guess that you were drugged . 
 you should stay away from that guy at all costs . '' 
 `` that wo n't be a problem , '' noah growled , and i nodded , staring at the floor , but all i could think was that i 'd wanted tyler to pay . 
 i 'd wanted to take the results to the police station and have him arrested . 
 i 'd wanted his friends and family to know exactly what he 'd done to me . 
 what he would have done , if noah had n't stopped him . 
 what he might already have done to someone else . 
 the nurse held the results out to me , and when i made no move to accept the paper , noah took it and folded it into quarters , then slid it into his pocket . 
 he thanked the nurse , then led me out to the parking lot , where he opened the car door for me . 
 `` allie , '' he said , twisting the key in the ignition so the air conditioner would come on . 
 `` it does n't matter what that paper says . 
 we know what happened . 
 you did n't drink . 
 that 's what 's important . '' 
 `` allie , '' he said again , when i did n't answer . 
 `` let 's get some lunch . 
 tacos ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to go out , '' i said , as he took my hand in both of his . 
 `` the only thing i 'm equipped for at home , other than breakfast , is grilled cheese . 
 or mixed nuts . '' 
 `` grilled cheese sounds great , '' i said , and when i looked up , determined to fake a smile , noah leaned over the gearshift and kissed me . 
 i kissed him back almost desperately , and when i finally pulled away , i had to wipe more stupid tears from my eyes . 
 `` tyler will get what 's coming to him , '' noah said . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 but i shook my head . 
 `` he 's not worth it . 
 do n't get yourself into trouble over that stupid bastard , '' i insisted . 
 noah nodded , but looked unconvinced . 
 `` so ... does this mean we 're not broken up anymore ? '' 
 i licked my lips and realized i could taste him there . 
 i wanted to taste him more . 
 `` if you still want me , i 'm all yours . '' 
 i slid one hand behind his neck and pulled him in for another kiss . 
 `` say it again , '' i whispered against his mouth . 
 `` i 'm all yours . '' 
 it was several minutes before either of us got a chance to say anything else . 
 chapter thirteen noah a cop car was parked in front of my apartment complex when i pulled into my spot , and at first i thought they 'd come to take allie 's statement . 
 that 's what i hoped , anyway . 
 that someone had reported what happened at the party -- a lone , courageous witness -- and allie might get justice after all . 
 maybe someone had even seen tyler pour something into her cup . 
 but the cops got out of their car as we got out of mine , and they were looking at me , not at allie . 
 `` noah porter ? '' 
 the tall one said , pulling a set of handcuffs from his belt . 
 `` shit . 
 yes . '' 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 allie demanded , but the cops ignored her . 
 `` you are under arrest for battery and vandalism . 
 please turn around and put your hands on the back of your head . '' 
 vandalism ? 
 the trophy case . 
 had to be . 
 that bastard tyler was going to regret reporting a beating he damn well deserved . 
 allie 's test may have come back negative for ghb , but i still had tyler 's previous phone , with the video he 'd taken of her on it , and if allie was willing to report him , we would bury him -- and his bullshit fraternity -- alive with it . 
 allie could only watch while i was arrested and put into the back of the car . 
 as the cops pulled out of the parking lot , i twisted to get one more look at her , but she was already in the drivers ' seat of my car , where i 'd left my keys , evidently ready to follow me to the police station . 
 on the sidewalk in front of my unit , where she had an apartment on the first floor , stood heather , piper 's best friend , watching the whole thing unfold . 
 she pulled her cell from her pocket and pressed a button , then put the phone to her ear . 
 piper would know i 'd been arrested in less than a minute . 
 *** it took them nearly an hour to book me on one charge of felony vandalism and two charges of misdemeanor battery , but i never saw the inside of a cell because my bail was posted before they 'd even finished cleaning ink from my fingers . 
 allie was waiting for me at the front of the police station , and she looked terrified . 
 she popped up from a plastic chair bolted to the floor like jack from his box the moment she saw me , and a second later , she was in my arms . 
 `` do n't get me wrong ; i like your enthusiasm , '' i whispered into her ear , guiding her toward the front door . 
 `` but i was only gone for an hour . '' 
 `` police stations make me nervous , and i feel bad . 
 you got arrested for helping me . '' 
 but what peeked out at me from behind her eyes looked much more like fear than guilt . 
 why would she be afraid of the police station when i was the one being charged ? 
 was it because of her probation ? 
 `` and i 'd get arrested for you again in a heartbeat . '' 
 but piper ... she was going to hit the roof . 
 `` you wo n't have to . 
 i 'll make sure tyler drops the charges . 
 he does n't have to know my ghb test came back negative . '' 
 `` it was n't tyler . 
 the misdemeanor battery charges came from a frat boy who would n't tell me where tyler 's room was and from another who fell through the front of a trophy case when i removed him from my path up the stairs . 
 kappa house is pressing charges for the trophy case , and it must have been pretty fucking expensive , because the vandalism charge is a felony . 
 but the trophy case was an accident , and if they ca n't establish intent , they wo n't stick with the felony charge . '' 
 i was pretty sure about that . 
 `` so tyler had nothing to do with any of it ? '' 
 she looked almost as surprised as she was frustrated . 
 i could see how badly she wanted him to pay for what he 'd done . 
 `` not directly . 
 how much was my bail ? '' 
 i asked , as i unlocked the car door . 
 `` um ... '' `` allie ? '' 
 i looked at her over the hood of the car , but she did n't answer until we were both seated inside . 
 `` sixteen grand . '' 
 `` sixteen thousand dollars ! '' 
 `` three each for the misdemeanors , but the felony was ten , all on its own . '' 
 `` i 'll pay you back . '' 
 i started the engine and slammed the gearshift into reverse . 
 `` it might take me a while , but i 'll pay back every penny . '' 
 somehow . 
 while i spent every spare dime to pay for the attorney and the paternity test i 'd need to get official visitation with caroline . 
 `` do n't worry about it , '' she said , as i pulled out of the lot and onto the street . 
 `` i ca n't think of a better cause . '' 
 `` i 'm not a cause , allie . 
 where the hell did you get that much , anyway ? '' 
 `` i ... came into some money recently . '' 
 i glanced at her just long enough to see that she was n't looking at me . 
 `` anything i should know about ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 then , a second later , `` maybe . 
 but it 's a long story , and let me just point out that you 've been keeping secrets too . '' 
 i glanced at her again . 
 `` do you have a kid and a crazy ex ? '' 
 `` no . 
 my confession 's much worse , '' she said , and i thought she was exaggerating until i saw that tears were standing in her eyes . 
 `` okay , hang on . 
 we 're almost home . '' 
 it did n't occur to me that i 'd just referred to my apartment as her home until the words were already out , but she did n't argue . 
 in fact , out of the corner of my eye , she almost seemed to be smiling through the tears . 
 *** allie took a deep breath , then a sip of her ice water , and i could tell she was stalling , not to get out of the `` confession , '' but because she did n't seem to know how to begin . 
 `` okay . 
 i should probably start by telling you that violet 's not an alcoholic . 
 not even a little bit . 
 the night all this happened was the first time she 'd ever been drunk in her entire life , and it 's my fault she drove . 
 my fault she got pulled over and arrested . 
 on her birthday . '' 
 `` violet drove drunk ? '' 
 that did n't sound much like the responsible-to-a-fault best friend allie had told me all about . 
 `` well , yes , but only because she was the lesser of two drunks . 
 she was doing the most responsible thing she could think of , under the circumstances . '' 
 `` how is driving drunk ever a responsible thing to do ? '' 
 `` circumstances , noah . '' 
 allie looked up and gave me a stern frown . 
 `` and i did n't say it was responsible . 
 i said it was the most responsible option at that moment . '' 
 `` sorry . 
 carry on . '' 
 i took a drink from my coke can and settled back on the couch to let her tell the story her way . 
 `` so , i took violet out for her twenty-first birthday . 
 i told her i 'd stay sober , so she could cut loose for the first time in her life -- like , ever -- and just have some fun . 
 she needed that night , and i needed to give it to her . 
 but because i 'm a horrible friend and an alcoholic , i got drunk too . '' 
 she spit the words out quickly , as if they tasted bad , and if i had n't already known there was money involved , i 'd have assumed that was her confession . 
 but i could already tell the story was about to get much worse . 
 `` i did n't mean to . '' 
 her right leg began to bounce , and water sloshed over the rim of her glass . 
 `` it was just going to be one drink , but one drink did n't do anything , so i had another , then one more , and by the time i hit the fourth , a fifth seemed like the best idea ever , and by the sixth , i thought i was a fucking genius for treating us both to a night out . 
 it did n't matter that i could n't drive . 
 we could just call a cab and come back for her car later . 
 that was my plan , anyway , by the time drunk-violet noticed that drunk-allie had joined her for the night . '' 
 `` wow , '' i said , and allie flinched . 
 `` yeah . 
 you would n't have liked me if you 'd met me a week earlier than you did . 
 maybe even a day earlier . '' 
 `` i do n't believe that for a second . '' 
 the fact that she felt so guilty for what she 'd done told me she 'd already been on her way toward change before i 'd met her . 
 `` but what does all that have to do with the bail money ? '' 
 `` i 'm getting to that . '' 
 she took another deep breath and set her glass on the coffee table . 
 `` so when violet realized we were both too drunk to drive , she took charge . 
 she always does that . 
 she marched us down the street to the coffee shop like some kind of ... well , like a drunk soldier . 
 in retrospect , i think she was probably pretty wobbly , but all i remember thinking at the time is that she was so pissed off at me that not even alcohol dared mess with her . '' 
 `` she sounds like a force to be reckoned with . '' 
 `` she was . 
 she is . 
 i almost feel sorry for her counselors at rehab . 
 they 'll never know what hit ’em . '' 
 `` so you went to the coffee shop ... '' `` yeah . '' 
 allie ran one shaky hand through her hair , and i could see that whatever she was about to say was upsetting . 
 but she pushed through . 
 `` we made it to the coffee shop for a quiet place to sober up , and a decent wifi signal , but everything from that point on is fuzzy . 
 i mean , i know what happened , but i ca n't remember it very well . 
 kind of like how i know i wore a purple leopard-print tutu for my entire third birthday , but i 'm never sure whether i actually remember that , or only know it because i 've seen the pictures . 
 you know ? '' 
 i did know . 
 somehow , what would have sounded like nonsense coming from anyone else sounded perfectly logical coming from allie . 
 `` anyway , while we were at the coffee cave , somebody got shot . '' 
 she said it so suddenly -- and without any buildup -- that the statement took a few seconds to actually sink in . 
 `` wait , you saw someone get shot ? '' 
 surely i 'd heard that wrong . 
 why would n't she have told me that before ? 
 `` with a gun ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 allie shook her head , then frowned . 
 `` well , yes , with a gun , but we did n't see it . 
 by the time we came running from the bathroom , he was already dead . 
 then everyone was freaking out , and someone said we should burn the body , and i told everyone violet could take care of that , because her parents own a funeral home , and she was so pissed at me . '' 
 `` well , you did volunteer her services in the illegal disposal of a body . '' 
 i could n't picture allie doing anything so ... reckless . 
 even drunk . 
 `` i know , and to this day , i do n't know why i did it . 
 at the time , i thought i was being helpful . 
 you know , contributing . 
 and that 's the last thing i 'm sure of until violet called the next day to tell me she got arrested for dui . '' 
 `` she got pulled over with a body in the car ? '' 
 i could n't imagine allie getting into a car with a corpse . 
 but then , i could n't imagine most of what she was telling me . 
 `` no . 
 this was after we burned him and after she dropped me off at the dorm . 
 thank goodness . 
 but ... it 's all so messed up , noah . 
 the whole thing was my fault , but she 's the one who got arrested , and she 's the one doing time in rehab . 
 i think she hates me . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she does n't hate you . '' 
 but i could n't possibly know that , and neither could she , at least until she 'd heard from violet . 
 `` allie , why did n't anyone call the cops after the shooting ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 she buried her face in her hands , and i rubbed her back with one hand , listening closely to understand words spoken into her palms . 
 `` there were a bunch of people there , and they were all talking . 
 arguing . 
 but i ca n't remember who they were , other than violet , and i ca n't remember what they were saying . '' 
 allie looked up again , and tears stood in her eyes . 
 `` i know i did n't want to call the cops because i 'm on probation . 
 i got arrested for underage drinking a couple of months before that , and the judge said if it happened again , i 'd serve thirty days . '' 
 she wiped her eyes with both hands , then twisted to face me fully , tucking her legs beneath herself on the couch . 
 `` that first night with you , i tried to tell you how messed up everything is for me now . 
 i did n't want to involve you in any of this . 
 i 'm so sorry , noah . '' 
 i took her hand and squeezed it . 
 `` except for the dead guy , i 've already been through all of this with my sister . 
 emily 's problems are many , and they are varied . '' 
 `` but she 's never helped dispose of a corpse and cover up a murder , right ? '' 
 `` not that i know of . '' 
 though i had no illusions that emily told me everything she did . 
 `` i wish i 'd insisted we report the shooting . 
 i want to believe that if i 'd been sober , i would n't have made such a selfish decision . 
 but i was n't sober , and i was n't the only one who did n't want to call the cops . 
 from what i can remember , the decision was unanimous . 
 or very nearly , anyway . '' 
 `` then it 's probably a good thing you went along with it . '' 
 if someone in that coffee shop was a murderer , would he or she even hesitate to kill someone who threatened to call the cops ? 
 allie 's drunken compliance might just have saved her life . 
 `` i guess . 
 but now i just feel stupid , and selfish , and ... jittery . 
 last night i thought those first fireworks were gunfire . '' 
 she must have been terrified . 
 but she did n't take a drink . 
 allie was a lot stronger than she gave herself credit for . 
 `` so where does the money come in ? '' 
 she gave a miserable , half-hearted shrug . 
 `` i 'm not sure , honestly . 
 i think it was the dead guy 's . 
 it was with his stuff , but i do n't remember who found it or where it was . 
 i just remember being handed a coffee cave to-go bag full of cash . 
 later , violet said that was their guarantee that no one would talk about it . 
 we were all guilty , because we all took that money . '' 
 fuck . 
 `` how much ? '' 
 `` a hundred grand . 
 each . '' 
 another little shrug . 
 `` just over , actually . '' 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 fuck , fuck , fuck . 
 no wonder she wanted to quit drinking -- on top of the videos and memory loss , she 'd accepted a six-figure bagful of a murdered man 's cash . 
 i could n't imagine how she slept without alcohol . 
 `` how many people were there , allie ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 ten or so ? 
 maybe more ? '' 
 shit . 
 she did n't seem to have any idea what she 'd gotten into . 
 `` some guy walked into a coffee shop with more than a million dollars in cash and got shot ? 
 the murder and the money are not unrelated , allie . 
 whatever he was into , it was n't legal . '' 
 which meant she and the rest of the witnesses had more to fear than just the cops . 
 someone might be looking for that money . 
 `` that 's what i keep hoping . 
 that he 's a bad guy . 
 that maybe he deserved ... what he got . 
 is that horrible ? '' 
 was it horrible of her to hope that the man whose murder she 'd had no choice but to help cover up was actually a bad guy , in order to ease her guilt ? 
 `` that 's not a horrible thing to want ; it 's a human thing to want . 
 and if it helps , i ca n't think of many legal reasons a man would walk around late at night with more than a million dollars in cash . '' 
 `` but it 's not my money , '' allie said , and i did n't argue . 
 `` i 'm not as naive as i look . 
 i know it 's probably dirty -- maybe it 's blood money -- which is why i ca n't spend it on myself . 
 i spent some on violet 's rehab , and i was going to give the rest to a good cause , but getting you out of jail is a good cause . '' 
 i could n't entirely agree with her on that one , but the conviction in her gaze made my chest ache . 
 she 'd been willing to use that dirty money -- which came with a risk of being tied to an unsolved murder/disappearance -- for me . 
 because she cared about me . 
 and she did n't regret the decision . 
 `` please tell me you did n't carry sixteen thousand dollars in cash into the police station . '' 
 `` no ! 
 i brought a cashier 's check . 
 i told the bank i won a scratch-off . '' 
 okay . 
 there were worse ways she could have handled that . 
 i thanked her with a kiss that was deep , and long , and full of all the things i did n't know how to tell her with words . 
 how much that risk she 'd taken meant to me . 
 how glad i was that tyler 's latest `` film '' was never completed or aired . 
 how thankful i was that she did n't hate me for dumping her . 
 how stupid and fucking spineless i 'd been for breaking up with her in the first place , when i should have fought tooth and nail to keep both her and caroline in my life . 
 how i would never make that mistake again . 
 when she finally pulled away , allie was breathing hard and fast , and her pupils were dilated . 
 i pressed my forehead against hers and slid one hand behind her neck and into her hair , desperate just to keep her close . 
 to keep touching her . 
 i was stunned by how much better everything felt -- in spite of what she 'd just told me -- when i was touching allie . 
 then my phone rang , and she laughed , and the only thing that stopped me from crushing the damn thing as punishment for the interruption was that i loved to hear her laugh . 
 a glance at my cell phone screen darkened the moment like a cloud rolling across the sun . 
 `` it 's piper . '' 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 allie squeezed my hand , then stood and headed toward the kitchen with her nearly empty water glass . 
 i answered the phone , but piper started shouting before i could say hello . 
 `` felony vandalism and two counts of battery ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 i started to mention that those last two were both misdemeanors , but she was already yelling again , and interrupting with the facts never seemed to help me deal with piper anyway . 
 `` you know the police report is public record , right ? '' 
 yes , but i had n't expected it to be available so quickly . 
 damn small-town police department ... `` piper , it 's not as bad as it sounds . '' 
 but i do n't know why i even bothered . 
 `` this was about her , was n't it ? 
 she was at that frat house ? '' 
 `` are you actually going to let me answer , or am i not allowed to speak yet ? '' 
 allie chuckled from the kitchen , and i felt my anger at piper fade -- not entirely , but enough to think rationally . 
 `` nothing you could say could possibly fix this , noah . 
 i told you that if you did n't get rid of the slut , you 'd never see caroline again , and i meant that . '' 
 `` that 's not up to you anymore . 
 it 's up to the court . 
 i 'm suing for visitation . 
 i should have done it two years ago . 
 and if you do n't dial back the crazy and start demonstrating a little emotional stability while you 're in charge of our daughter , i might have to go for full custody . '' 
 `` you do n't have a snowflake 's chance in hell of getting custody , and we both know that . 
 what judge is going to give a toddler to a father with two violent crimes on his criminal record ? '' 
 fuck . 
 for just a second , i could n't breathe . 
 my chest seemed to be caving in on my lungs , pressing all the air from my body . 
 could she actually use those charges against me ? 
 i did n't realize piper had hung up on me until allie came back into the living room and i noticed there was nothing but silence on the other end of the line . 
 `` what 'd she say ? '' 
 allie handed me a fresh can of coke , then settled into her spot on the couch again . 
 i sank onto the cushion next to her and dropped my phone on the coffee table . 
 `` she said she 'd use the battery charges to keep me from ever seeing caroline again . '' 
 chapter fourteen allie `` allison daniels ? '' 
 when i heard my name i turned to find a tall guy in a maroon kappa house tee-shirt standing in the archway leading from the frat house den to the tiled entry . 
 he 'd said my name as a question , but i could tell he recognized me . 
 if i 'd ever met him -- or even seen him -- i 'd lost the memory . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i held my hand out and he shook it willingly , but wariness lurked behind his eyes , and i could understand that . 
 i 'd brought his house a lot of trouble . 
 but i had n't done that all on my own . 
 `` i 'm david north , kappa house president . '' 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 `` we 've actually met , '' he said , confirming my suspicion , and i could n't stop the flush from flooding my cheeks as i wondered what i 'd been doing when we were first introduced . 
 all i knew for sure was that he was n't in any of the videos tyler had uploaded to -- then removed from -- the internet . 
 his build was all wrong . 
 he was too tall and too thin . 
 `` what can i do for you , allison ? '' 
 `` allie , '' i insisted , and he nodded . 
 `` i 'm here to ask you -- nicely -- to drop the charges against noah porter . '' 
 and if nice did n't work , we 'd move on to that other option . 
 david crossed both lanky arms over his thin chest . 
 `` even if i wanted to do that -- and i do n't -- i ca n't . 
 i 'm not the one who filed them . '' 
 because technically , the fraternity had filed the vandalism charge and two of its members had filed on battery . 
 on paper , david had nothing to do with it , but ... `` we both know you can make those charges go away . '' 
 his brows rose . 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 `` because noah is n't your problem . 
 your problem is tyler lawson . '' 
 `` tyler is no longer a kappa , '' david said , and i could n't hide my surprise . 
 but that made sense . 
 they could n't go after noah for damages if it looked like they supported what tyler had done . 
 `` but we still have a destroyed antique trophy case , dating back to this fraternity 's original charter , and two brothers with busted faces . '' 
 `` they 're just bruised . 
 no broken bones . 
 no real damage to anything other than their pride . '' 
 i 'd checked . 
 neither of the injured kappas had even gone to the health center for a band aid . 
 `` if noah had wanted to hurt them , they 'd be in the hospital . '' 
 tyler 'd gone in for a re-broken nose , a fractured jaw , three cracked ribs , two black eyes , and a concussion . 
 the list of his injuries had become a litany i recited to cheer myself up . 
 i sang it to the tune of the gilligan 's island theme song . 
 david brows rose . 
 `` is that supposed to make me feel better ? '' 
 `` yes , actually . 
 noah only hit your brothers because they were trying to stop him from stopping tyler . 
 one might conclude , based on that fact , that kappa house was in on what tyler lawson did to me . 
 on kappa property . 
 that would n't look very good , if it were to be made public , would it ? '' 
 david shrugged , but the gesture looked stiff . 
 defensive . 
 `` we 've seen no evidence that anything happened in tyler 's room , other than some drunk co-ed having second thoughts about getting back at her ex . '' 
 `` you really believe that 's what happened ? '' 
 i demanded , surprised when my voice came out lower and angrier than i 'd ever heard it . 
 another shrug from the kappa president . 
 `` i was n't there . 
 but that 's what tyler says , and there 's nothing to contradict his word except for yours . '' 
 `` there 's my toxicology report , '' i said , and i could tell from his wide-eyed , panicked expression that he 'd already suspected there was more at play than alcohol . 
 `` tyler put ghb in my cup , and the cup i filled at the campus health center this morning confirmed that . '' 
 hands down , the best lie i 've ever told . 
 david bought it . 
 `` kappa house had nothing to do with that . '' 
 he held both hands palms out , as if the defensive gesture might actually get rid of me . 
 `` he 's not even a member anymore . 
 i told you . '' 
 `` weird . '' 
 i propped both hands on my hips and looked up at him with as much bravado as i could manage . 
 `` cause what i heard is that kappa let one of its members drug me and take me up to his room in this house , then tried to stop noah porter -- a dedicated father and a decorated us veteran -- from preventing tyler from turning one felony into two . 
 noah only struck out in defense of me , and i ca n't imagine the university seeing it any differently . 
 especially if my story leads to other girls coming forward with similar accounts . 
 is that really what you want for your fraternity , david ? 
 do you want to be the president who loses kappa house 's charter ? '' 
 i laid one hand over my chest and gave him a wide-eyed look of horror . 
 `` what would the alumni think ? '' 
 his jaw tightened . 
 `` are you threatening me ? '' 
 `` actually , i 'm offering to make the whole thing go away . 
 you drop the charges against noah , and i 'll make sure kappa house does n't become collateral damage in tyler 's legal troubles . '' 
 david hesitated , and i followed his gaze into the hall , where the broken trophy case still stood , surrounded by broken glass . 
 `` you swear ? '' 
 he said finally . 
 `` yup . 
 and if you make it fraternity policy to hand out drink-test coasters at every kappa party , i 'll pay for your trophy case . 
 there 's no down-side to that one for your fraternity . 
 kappas come off looking both compassionate and socially responsible . 
 maybe they 'll even give you a new citizenship award to put in your shiny new case . '' 
 david 's focus narrowed on me as he crossed his arms over his chest again . 
 `` you pre-law ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` maybe you should be . '' 
 `` does that mean we have a deal ? '' 
 he only hesitated for a minute . 
 then he stuck his hand out for me to shake . 
 `` deal . '' 
 `` i 'll bring you a check once the charges disappear , '' i said , and he nodded . 
 i smiled on my way out the front door . 
 pre-law , hell . 
 but i was thinking about learning to play poker ... *** `` emily ? '' 
 the first thing i noticed about noah 's sister was that she was too thin . 
 she hid it well , beneath shapeless , layered tops and baggy jeans , but her cheeks were hollow and her wrists were knobby . 
 she looked sick . 
 the second thing i noticed was that she had noah 's eyes . 
 `` who the fuck are you ? '' 
 she stood in the rec room doorway , one hand clutching the frame , and only glanced at the empty chair across the table from me . 
 `` they said a friend had come to visit , but i do n't know you . '' 
 and according to noah , she did n't have any friends who 'd visit her in rehab . 
 ironically , my best friend was in that very facility , but did n't want to see me . 
 `` we 've never met . 
 but that does n't mean we ca n't be friends . '' 
 i stood and gestured to the chair . 
 `` will you sit ? '' 
 `` not until you tell me who you are , and what the hell you want . '' 
 i exhaled slowly and tried on a smile . 
 `` my name is allie daniels . 
 i 'm ... well , i 'm noah 's girlfriend . '' 
 emily 's eyes widened in surprise , then narrowed in suspicion , and for a second i thought she 'd start shouting for the staff to have me removed from the property . 
 instead , she took three steps forward and wrapped both hands around the back of the chair across the table . 
 `` bullshit . 
 noah does n't have girlfriends . 
 what 's his favorite food ? '' 
 `` tacos . 
 from this place on campus , where he gets the sample platter . 
 eight different kinds , in a variety of brightly colored corn envelopes . 
 jeanne waits on him every time he comes in , so the other , younger waitresses do n't get the chance to drool over him . '' 
 emily looked both irritated and suspicious , like she suddenly suspected me of stalking her brother . 
 `` what does he drink ? '' 
 `` mostly coke and water , since i met him , '' i said , and her mouth was already open to argue when i continued . 
 `` i 'm a recovering alcoholic . 
 he does n't drink around me . 
 but the first time i was at his apartment , he hid a six-pack of guinness beneath the sink . 
 he does n't know i saw . '' 
 emily pulled the chair back , but did n't sit . 
 `` you 're really his girlfriend ? 
 why did n't he tell me ? '' 
 `` he 's got a lot on his plate right now . 
 that 's why i 'm here , actually . 
 i want to do something for him , but i do n't want him to find out until it 's done . 
 i need your help . '' 
 `` with what ? '' 
 she stepped up to the table . 
 `` what can you tell me about piper lawrence ? '' 
 emily 's eyes brightened , and she slid into the empty chair . 
 `` got a pen ? 
 you might want to write this shit down ... '' *** i stood across the street for twenty minutes , staring in through the window of an italian restaurant several miles from campus , waiting for a glimpse of piper . 
 emily 'd told me where noah 's ex worked , but she had n't known her schedule , so i 'd taken an educated guess that a woman with tuition bills and sole custody of her daughter would work the busiest shift of the week -- saturday night . 
 nearly half an hour into my wait , my guess paid off when piper stopped at a table next to the window to take a couple 's order . 
 her blond ponytail brushed the shoulder of her white blouse , and a short , black apron covered the front of her black slacks . 
 what he 'd seen in her was obvious . 
 she was beautiful , and she carried herself with confidence . 
 according to emily , piper 'd never had a thought she considered unworthy to share , and she generally got what she wanted because she had no trouble convincing herself -- and everyone else -- that she deserved the very best . 
 but when that failed , she was n't above hitting below the belt . 
 i 'd seen that much for myself , in how she manipulated noah . 
 i crossed the street and sat on a bench in the entryway , blending in with the crowd waiting for a table to open up , and after another fifteen minutes of waiting , i saw piper head into the restroom . 
 so i followed . 
 while she used one stall , i checked the others to make sure they were empty , then waited for her in front of the sinks . 
 she stopped cold when she saw me , and i knew from the angry way her eyes narrowed that she knew exactly who i was . 
 `` get out . '' 
 `` it 's a public building . '' 
 `` actually , it 's a private business . '' 
 she stomped toward me and turned on the nearest faucet . 
 `` and i 'm a paying customer . '' 
 or i would be , if that 's what it took . 
 `` you can talk to me here , or in the dining room . '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 piper snapped , as she lathered her hands , and i made a mental note never to eat in that restaurant , because she 'd probably poison my food . 
 `` i want you to let noah see his daughter . '' 
 `` maybe you should have thought of that before you turned him into a violent criminal . 
 no judge in his right mind will grant him visitation knowing that he beat the shit out of three men in one night . '' 
 tyler had n't filed a report , but dozens of people had seen what noah did to him . 
 any one of them could have told piper . 
 or heather . 
 piper enjoyed my surprise . 
 `` so why do n't you get out of my way and go tell him that sending his whore over to talk to me is only making things worse for him . '' 
 i bit my tongue to hold back the names i wanted to call her . 
 those would n't help noah , and i had n't come to make myself feel better . 
 i 'd come for him . 
 `` noah does n't know i 'm here . 
 and the charges were dropped this afternoon . 
 all of them . 
 and just fyi , he did what he did because he 's a good guy . 
 he was protecting me , and i hope that if your daughter 's ever in a situation like i was in last night , there 's someone like noah around to help her when she ca n't help herself . 
 you should be proud of him , not punishing him . 
 caroline could n't ask for a better dad . '' 
 `` our daughter 's none of your business . '' 
 piper pulled a paper towel from the dispenser with far more force than the action required , then scrubbed at her damp hands until the paper shed little bits of material all over the counter . 
 `` noah is my business . 
 we 're together , and that 's not going to change . '' 
 she shrugged , meeting my gaze in the mirror with a smug one of her own . 
 `` as long as he 's your business , caroline 's none of his . '' 
 `` you ca n't do that . '' 
 `` i 'm the mother . '' 
 `` and he 's the father ! '' 
 i did n't mean to raise my voice , but once i had , i could n't seem to lower it again . 
 `` he 's a good parent , and he has a right to see his kid ! '' 
 `` and as soon as his home environment is healthy for a toddler , he 'll see her . '' 
 `` i get it . 
 you think i make his home unhealthy for caroline . '' 
 and that statement stung much , much worse than i 'd expected it to . 
 `` but you 're not just lying to him with that bullshit , you 're lying to yourself . '' 
 `` you do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 she tried to step past me , already reaching for the door handle , but i stepped directly into her path . 
 blocking the door . 
 `` actually , i 'm somewhat of an expert on the subject of lying to yourself , so i know it when i see it . 
 this is n't about caroline , it 's about you . 
 you want noah back , and you ca n't have him , so you 're determined to make him as miserable as you are . 
 but keeping caroline from him wo n't bring him back to you . 
 it 'll make him hate you . '' 
 she untied and retied the apron at her waist . 
 `` that 's not what i 'm doing . '' 
 `` bullshit . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest , settling in for the long haul . 
 `` i can see that you love him . '' 
 emily had confirmed that suspicion for me . 
 `` and i 'm sorry that he does n't love you back , but he 's kept his promise . '' 
 she opened her mouth to argue , but i spoke over her . 
 `` and if his word does n't mean anything to you anymore , think about what you 're doing to your daughter . 
 you have no right to deny her a father . 
 a damn good father . 
 and i know he 's a good dad , because he jumps through one flaming fucking hoop after another so you 'll let him see caroline four pitiful days out of every month . 
 he gave up sex for two years because he loves his daughter . '' 
 piper rolled her eyes . 
 `` i know you 're sleeping with him . '' 
 i shook my head slowly , hoping she could read sincerity in my eyes . 
 `` i want to , but he wo n't , because he gave you his word long before i ever met him . 
 and it sucks , but i can live with it , because i know how important caroline is to him , and so do you . 
 he does n't love you . 
 so suck it up and move on . 
 and let him see his kid . 
 he 's damn well earned it . '' 
 with that , i pulled open the door and stomped through the waiting area , then out the front door . 
 *** `` hey , where have you been all day ? '' 
 noah said , the second i walked in the door . 
 `` running errands . 
 why ? '' 
 he pulled me close for a kiss , and i kissed him back , trying to pretend i did n't know why he looked so happy . 
 so relieved . 
 `` i have news ... '' he whispered into my ear , and i pulled my cell from my pocket and made a production of checking for voicemail . 
 `` i do n't have any messages . '' 
 `` i wanted to tell you in person . '' 
 his eyes practically sparkled . 
 `` the cops called this afternoon . 
 all the charges were dropped . '' 
 `` all of them ? 
 that 's amazing ! '' 
 but obviously i was a better negotiator than i was an actress . 
 noah frowned , studying my expression . 
 `` was that you ? 
 one of your errands ? '' 
 `` maybe ... '' i gave him a coy smile on my way to the coffee table , where i set a bag of tacos on the table . 
 `` hungry ? '' 
 `` for so many things ... '' he pulled me close again , and i twisted in his embrace to face him , then slid my arms around his neck . 
 `` well then , let 's see how many appetites we can satisfy in one night . 
 i 'm gon na suggest we start with actual food , though , because i 'm starving . '' 
 `` oh , fine . 
 i guess you 've earned it . '' 
 `` i 've earned more than that , '' i said with a quick nibble on his ear lobe , and noah groaned , then followed me to the couch . 
 we were two tacos and half an episode of american voice into the evening when noah 's phone rang . 
 he frowned when he saw piper 's name on the screen , but my pulse began to race . 
 i 'd either fixed things , or made them infinitely , irreparably worse . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he paused the dvr , then answered the phone , and i realized that no matter what , for the rest of his life he 'd always have to take her calls , in case something had happened to caroline . 
 i 'd have been fine with that , if he actually got to see his daughter . 
 `` hello , '' noah said into his phone , and piper started talking immediately . 
 i could n't understand what she was saying , but she was saying it fast . 
 and it sounded like she might be crying . 
 `` wait , slow down ... '' he said , and when i heard a sniffle , my chest began to ache . 
 had something happened ? 
 was caroline okay ? 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 noah stood and started to pace , and i watched him , trying to decide whether he was horrified or astonished . 
 `` do n't mess with me , piper . 
 please do n't mess with me toni -- '' `` seriously ? 
 tomorrow ? '' 
 he turned toward me , phone still held to his ear , eyes as wide as the full moon . 
 `` yes , i 'll be here . '' 
 he hesitated , then closed his eyes . 
 `` allie will be here too . '' 
 she said something else i could n't hear , and noah 's mouth actually opened in surprise . 
 that 's when i started to smile . 
 `` okay , yes . 
 we will . 
 and thank you , piper . '' 
 he listened for another second , then said goodbye , pressed a button , and tossed his phone onto the pile of clean laundry in the armchair . 
 `` she 's bringing caroline over in the morning . 
 she 's giving me three weekends a month , and every other week in the summer . 
 starting next week . '' 
 noah squeezed me so tightly i could hardly breathe . 
 he buried his face in my hair and for a second , neither of us moved . 
 we just lived in that moment of triumph . 
 `` just like that ? '' 
 i said , when he finally let go . 
 `` no , not just like that . 
 she said you came to see her . 
 what the hell did you say to her , allie ? '' 
 i shrugged , grinning from ear to ear . 
 i still could n't believe it had worked . 
 `` we just had a girl chat . 
 the kind where i spoke the truth and she came to understand that she was being selfish and vindictive , and that that is n't the kind of mother caroline deserves . 
 so ... happy ? '' 
 i asked , and he picked me up in both arms . 
 `` thrilled . 
 relieved . 
 thankful . 
 you 're beyond amazing . '' 
 `` hardly . '' 
 i clung to him , loving how hard every dip and plane of muscle felt beneath my hands . 
 `` i just have a lot of karmic ass-kissing to do , and i figured i 'd start by trying to fix the fixer . '' 
 `` i 'm the fixer ? '' 
 he looked surprised , but i nodded . 
 `` that 's what you do best . 
 second best , '' i corrected , as scorching memories flooded me with a delicious heat . 
 his voice dropped into an intimate whisper , and his next words were said against my neck , sending chills the length of my body . 
 `` speaking of which , there 's more . '' 
 `` more ? '' 
 i had n't bargained for anything more . 
 but when he carried me into the bedroom , i understood . 
 `` no more celibacy club . 
 she said that if i care about you half as much as you obviously care about me , she did n't have to worry about me man-whoring in front of our daughter . 
 or some kind of bullshit like that . '' 
 `` no more man-whoring ? '' 
 i swiped the back of one hand across my forehead . 
 `` she and i share similar interests there . 
 maybe we should get something in writing . '' 
 `` ha ha . '' 
 he laid me on the bed , and i squirmed out of my clothes while he stripped , and for a second , i could only stare . 
 i 'd seen him naked in the shower , but there was something different about seeing him naked in his bedroom . 
 standing next to the bed . 
 looking at me with so much heat in his eyes that my insides threatened to combust . 
 intent . 
 it was all about the intent . 
 before , i could look , but knew there would never be much more than that , because he did n't trust his own control . 
 i knew i could never truly have him , so seeing him without his clothes was always as much frustration as anything else . 
 but now ... now i could have him . 
 all of him . 
 of course , the reverse was true as well . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 i squealed , and noah laughed , but he was there in an instant , already hard , and hot , and as visibly eager as i was . 
 his hands were everywhere , and his mouth was everywhere else , stroking , squeezing , flicking , playing , tasting , driving me mad with need . 
 `` noah ... '' i groaned , and his head appeared above mine , while my hands roamed over his ribs and down his back . 
 lower ... hinting ... `` not having fun ? 
 we could go back to the tacos . '' 
 `` not what i 'm saying . 
 i love every bit of it . 
 but ... more . 
 i need more . '' 
 his grin was evil as his head sank and his tongue forged a trail of fire from one nipple to the other , then down my stomach , dipping lower ... deeper ... `` nooooaaah . '' 
 i moaned , and he licked harder ... faster , his hands spreading my thighs wider . 
 `` do n't get me wrong . 
 that 's -- '' i gasped as his tongue found exactly the right rhythm , and suddenly i could n't form clear words . 
 `` good . 
 that 's so good . 
 but ... '' `` but what ? '' 
 he murmured from between my thighs , and just his breath brushing over my most sensitive parts made me wriggle , desperate for more . 
 so much more . 
 `` noah . 
 fuck me . 
 please ... '' `` oh , that 's definitely gon na happen . 
 but you have to earn it first . '' 
 `` want me to -- ? '' 
 i reached for him , but he pushed my hands back toward the mattress . 
 `` lie back and relax . '' 
 then his mouth was too busy for speech and that was okay , because i 'd forgotten how words worked anyway . 
 he licked , and teased , and stroked , and my entire world spiraled into one infinite crest of pleasure , building ... building ... until the whole thing spilled over , and i could n't even recognize the sounds coming out of my own mouth . 
 noah groaned and crawled over me , kissing a trail up my body while the last echoes of my orgasm rolled through me like aftershocks in the wake of an earthquake . 
 `` she said something else , allie . '' 
 `` who ... ? '' 
 we were we talking about something ? 
 i could n't remember much before his tongue had ushered in the implosion of the entire fucking universe . 
 `` piper . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i frowned and pulled his head up so that i could look into his eyes . 
 `` i do n't think you 're supposed to talk about your ex in -- '' `` she said you 're in love with me . '' 
 i blinked , stunned , and when my eyes opened again , he was still staring down at me . 
 watching . 
 waiting . 
 `` are you in love with me , allie ? '' 
 the question was so unexpected that at first i had no answer . 
 then the answer was just there . 
 and it was the truth . 
 unfiltered . 
 unassailable . 
 undeniable . 
 `` yes . 
 i love you . 
 and if saying pretty things will get me fucked any sooner , i 'd be happy to elaborate . 
 i love your body . 
 all of it . 
 the whole thing . 
 i love that you 're true to your word , and you expect the same from everyone else . 
 i love how willingly you come to my defense . 
 i love that for two years , you had no sex , yet ate endless tacos , and you do n't see any humor in that at all . '' 
 noah laughed , but i was n't done . 
 `` i love your tongue , and your hands , and your -- '' his smile sent heat straight down my spine to burn in all the right places . 
 `` now you 've earned it . '' 
 he reached around me and pulled a condom from the bedside table drawer . 
 the wrapper crinkled as he ripped it open , and a second later he was back . 
 noah dropped a kiss beneath my ear and wrapped my left leg around his waist . 
 my right leg followed on its own , and he slid into me in one long , smooth thrust . 
 noah groaned , and for a moment , neither of us moved . 
 we shared that moment and held it . 
 we held onto it , and onto each other , and if the whole world had crumbled around us in that instant , i do n't think either of us would have noticed . 
 then he began to move , sliding slowly in and out of me . 
 i rose to meet him with each stroke , straining for that delicious , recurring friction , and he found just the right spot every ... single ... time . 
 my pleasure built with the tempo , and soon i was clutching him , pulling him deeper , and noah moaned as he ground into me , obliging us both . 
 when i got close again , i pushed on his shoulder and clasped my ankles around him . 
 noah wrapped one arm around me and rolled onto his back , accommodating my wordless request . 
 i sat up and tossed my hair over my shoulder , then gripped the top of his headboard for stability . 
 noah groaned when i lifted myself off him -- not quite all the way -- then sank around him again . 
 and again . 
 and again . 
 i rode him , taking control of the rhythm and the depth , and he clutched my hips , guiding me , showing me his favorite angles and speed . 
 finally i bit my lip and closed my eyes , one hand on his chest , the other still gripping the headboard , and he sat up enough to capture my nipple in his mouth , supporting my breast with one hand . 
 his tongue teased me while his hand clutched my hip , and i gasped as the world fell apart around me -- again -- in an explosion that reverberated throughout my entire body . 
 noah cried out my name , thrusting hard and fast , and i clenched around him , grinding out every last second of the pleasure rocking us both in sync . 
 when it was over , i lay on his chest , still tight around him , and ran my hands over him , marveling that i was allowed to touch him whenever i wanted . 
 unsure i 'd ever be able to stop . 
 his arms wrapped around me and he spoke into my hair , as his cock jerked inside me with the last twitches of his orgasm . 
 `` i love you , too , allie . '' 
 `` damn . 
 took you long enough , '' i said , and he chuckled , then pulled me closer . 
 `` i wanted to show you first . '' 
 `` oh . 
 okay then , well done . '' 
 i pushed his head to the side and caught his earlobe between my lips . 
 `` noah ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` show me again . '' 
 ### a letter from payge galvin : dear readers , thank you so much for reading unfiltered & untouched ! 
 i hope you love what you 've seen so far . 
 there 's so much more to come ! 
 next is unfiltered & unveiled in august 14 , 2014 followed quickly by unfiltered & undecided september 14 , 2014 . 
 already in love with unfiltered ? 
 drop by our website -lrb- www.unfilteredbooks.com -rrb- and sign up for our newsletter to keep up on all things rio verde ! 
 if you swooned for this book , the best way to help us keep our series alive is to review it . 
 anywhere ! 
 even a few words are so appreciated ! 
 it makes a bigger difference than you think . 
 lastly , with so many co-authors , there 's always something fun to read online ! 
 please go to our website www.unfilteredbooks.com to find our twitter handles , tumblrs , and personal websites . 
 thanks again ! 
 payge acknowledgements 
