 static by lucy marsh copyright 2014 lucy marsh smashwords edition , license notes thank you for downloading this ebook . 
 this book remains the copyrighted property of the author , and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer . 
 thank you for your support . 
 tucker kicked back in his chair , propping his large , heavy , black work boots on his scarred and scuffed desk . 
 he read every line of the resume he held in his hand , scrutinizing every word . 
 shaking his head , he once again could find nothing that would disqualify the woman from the job . 
 she was perfect . 
 her training was the best and , he grudgingly admitted , better than his own . 
 flipping back to the first page , he stared at the name , bay lopez . 
 ` who in the hell named a kid ` bay ? ' 
 shaking his head , he tossed down the papers . 
 he just could n't shake the feeling that hiring bay lopez would be the mistake of his life . 
 he was on a time crunch with the commission council breathing down his neck . 
 if there was one thing in this world he hated most , it was politics . 
 the council wanted him to hire a female and here was the female they wanted . 
 there was no way to deny she was the best candidate , but tuck just could n't shake the weird feeling he had about her . 
 this was a small county in backwoods arkansas . 
 with a name like bay lopez , a person would picture someone dark and exotic . 
 she was n't going to fit in here . 
 this simply was n't a good idea but he could find no way out of it . 
 the bell over the outer door jingled its happy tune and he looked up . 
 a soft , tiny , blond woman in a pretty , pink summer dress walked gracefully his way . 
 tuck felt the smile blooming through him , feeling like it started in his toes and went all the way up to bust out the top of his head . 
 damn , but she was pretty . 
 his feet hit the floor and he was halfway out of his chair when she greeted his grouchy dispatcher at the desk out front . 
 her musical voice and sparkling blue eyes had the old fart nearly blushing as he slumped further in his chair . 
 tuck saw the wave old roy gave her , pointing out his office as he made it to his feet . 
 she turned her beautiful smile on him through the window of his office and started around the high dispatch desk . 
 he met her at the door , taking her soft tiny hands in his , feeling , as always , like a big , clumsy oaf around her . 
 leaning down to brush a kiss against her silky cheek , he breathed deeply of the soft floral scent that always floated around her . 
 `` hey , what brings you in here so early ? '' 
 he asked , his voice deep and rough with the mild surprise he always felt around her . 
 she was so small and so delicate , it amazed him constantly that she actually chose him , wanted to be with him . 
 her voice was soft but had an underlying strength that she used frequently on her students . 
 `` i know you 're busy . 
 you have interviews today . '' 
 she gave his rough hands a small squeeze , `` i just knew you were under some stress today and wanted to take a minute to remind you to relax and breathe and to assure you that you will make the best decision ; you always do . '' 
 she released him and pulled a large clear plastic baggy from her purse . 
 `` and , i brought you peanut butter cookies . '' 
 tuck took the bag with a smile . 
 never in his life would he admit to her that he hated peanut butter cookies . 
 `` clarice . 
 you are wonderful . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` i know you 've been worried about this . 
 hiring a woman for an officer is a huge change for this county . 
 while i fully support women 's lib , i , myself , do n't know how i 'll feel about knowing the only law enforcement on the streets of our little county is a woman . 
 but i know you 'll pick the very best one . '' 
 looking into her soft , sky blue eyes and hearing the conviction in her voice , tuck knew she fully believed her words . 
 setting the bag of cookies aside , he ran his hands up her arms to cup her shoulders . 
 marveling again at how tiny she was and how much strength he knew was inside her , he felt the slow warmth spread through him . 
 `` i love you , clarice hogan . '' 
 `` i know , tucker adams . 
 i love you too . '' 
 she rose on tip toes and gave him a quick kiss . 
 `` come over for pot roast tonight ? '' 
 he groaned . 
 `` pot roast ? 
 with those little potatoes ? 
 and the gravy ? '' 
 her laughed tinkled through the office . 
 `` would i dare to make it any other way ? '' 
 giving his arm a squeeze she turned to leave . 
 while tuck admired the small , trim body in the pretty , pink dress , she tossed him a saucy look and blew him a kiss . 
 pausing , she noted the look in his stone-gray eyes and smiled . 
 whispering she said , `` stop by , maybe you 'll get lucky . '' 
 with a wink , she glided gracefully back around the desk and out the door . 
 slumping back down in his chair , he shifted the hardness now making his pants uncomfortable . 
 with a soft laugh he thought about the small , sparkly ring he had tucked away in his sock drawer at home . 
 he 'd spent his entire life avoiding women like clarice and now he was preparing to take a step he never dreamed to take . 
 leaning back and once again propping up his feet on the desk , tuck let his mind wander . 
 clarice was perfect . 
 she kept her house sparkling clean , could cook the most amazing meals . 
 everyone liked and respected her ; even far outside of hill county she was considered a wonderful person . 
 if only he had n't spent his life avoiding this very situation . 
 tuck 's father had taught him the hard way that no woman ever was worth giving up your freedom for . 
 with frequent beatings , the old man had drilled into him the laws of a real man . 
 one that did n't let himself get tied down by any woman ever . 
 whispers of dark memories drifted at the edges of his mind . 
 the woman who was his mother , harsh and demanding , never any soft kind words for her children . 
 his father 's quick fists and raised voice . 
 a cold , long , winter 's night and a child 's pained cries reminded tuck that he 'd vowed never to open a door he was unable to close . 
 long , long ago , tuck promised himself he 'd never , ever have a child and risk his father 's traits coming out in himself . 
 it simply was n't worth it , nothing was worth the pain of losing something so precious . 
 giving himself a shake , tuck came back to the present . 
 thinking again of clarice , over time , the small woman had shown just how wily she could actually be . 
 clarice had set her sights on having him and nothing was going to stop her . 
 she 'd taken it slow . 
 slow and steady and carefully , she assaulted him and his battered feelings until she broke him . 
 he knew that if he explained his feelings to clarice , she 'd accept them . 
 she 'd never demand a child from him . 
 being an elementary school teacher , she was around children all day for nine months out of every year . 
 she considered them `` hers '' and had once admitted herself that she was n't sure she wanted one of her own . 
 but tuck knew better . 
 it would n't be long after he tied that knot around his neck that she 'd get the itch for the crib in the corner and a baby seat in a minivan . 
 his thoughts once again turned dark as memories that reinforced his earlier decisions made him doubt the purchase of that little diamond . 
 but trying to imagine giving clarice up , imagining her with another man , making babies and buying minivans , caused such a clench in his gut , he physically hurt . 
 with no answer in sight , he slammed his feet back onto the floor and got up to stomp to the coffee pot . 
 grabbing the bag of cookies as he went by , he took them out and dropped them in front of roy . 
 the old man snorted a laugh while tuck poured the bitter brew into his cup . 
 `` you ever gon na ' tell her you do n't like these ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 tuck went back into his office to wait on the first interview . 
 that morning , he conducted two interviews with female police officers . 
 one was an immediate `` no . '' 
 the woman had her hair styled in a mohawk and dyed a bright orange . 
 this was rural arkansas . 
 never gon na ' happen . 
 her youth and minimal training made this decision easy . 
 the other was old enough for him to have different concerns about . 
 while she moved okay , looked okay , and had decent credentials , tuck immediately spotted the faint scars on her arms . 
 the woman had been a cutter in the past and while everyone might deserve a chance , he worried about her mental stability and working alone in such a remote area . 
 but he did n't dismiss the possibility of her just yet . 
 he 'd scheduled bay lopez for after lunch to give himself time to attempt to look at her objectively . 
 with a deep sigh , he looked at her paperwork again . 
 no matter how qualified she was , how in the hell could he hire an outsider and expect such a close community to accept her ? 
 and just what was this itch he got when thinking of her ? 
 when the time came , tuck was on the phone dealing with a minor matter when lopez walked in . 
 he heard the bell and looked up . 
 immediately , he felt the punch , like a hard fist straight to the gut . 
 with sudden stammers , he ended the call and stared at bay lopez . 
 long and lean but with curves in the right places , she stood in front of the dispatch desk , calm and cool . 
 ink black hair pulled back in a glossy pony tail , black eyes greeted roy with a soft , inner humor . 
 she wore black jeans that looked new and a short-sleeved , olive-green shirt that looked crisp and neat . 
 with a start , tuck realized roy was smiling back at whatever she had said . 
 roy was smiling . 
 roy never ever smiled and certainly not at a stranger . 
 looking back at the dark woman , tuck felt the heat spread through his groin . 
 oh , this was not good at all . 
 he saw roy motion the woman to his office and swallowed hard . 
 she moved with an almost liquid grace , reminding him of a predator stalking its prey . 
 it went through his mind that he was glad he 'd never have to stare her down in a dark alley . 
 if the way she moved was any indication , she seemed more than capable of handling herself . 
 `` sheriff adams ? '' 
 she held out a ring-less hand to him . 
 standing , he reached to take her hand . 
 as soon as their palms touched , every hair on his body rose up and stood straight . 
 it felt like he 'd just stuck his entire hand into a light socket . 
 even his knees felt weak as the static electricity coursed through him . 
 using everything he had , tuck kept his face blank . 
 because he was so hyper-aware of the woman , he caught the very slight flicker of surprise in her dark eyes letting him know he was n't alone in his reaction . 
 her hand was smooth and cool to the touch , steady and calm . 
 clearing his throat to make sure his voice did n't quiver , `` ms. lopez , it 's nice to meet you . '' 
 he waved her to the chair across from his desk . 
 `` thank you , sheriff adams . 
 i appreciate you giving me this opportunity . '' 
 her voice was as smooth as butter left sitting on a warm kitchen counter . 
 it washed over him , causing that static reaction again and made him struggle hide a small shiver that raced down his back . 
 with all the restraint tuck could manage , they exchanged pleasantries and went briefly over her resume . 
 finally he asked , `` ms. lopez , i have to ask , you 're almost over-qualified for this job , why would you want to work in such a small , remote area ? '' 
 she smiled and tucker 's gut clenched and his pants were instantly too tight . 
 her lips were full and looked incredibly soft , unpainted and ripe . 
 `` i come from a small town . 
 smaller than miller springs , here . 
 it 's what i 'm used to . 
 like i said , i worked for little rock pd for five years but it just was n't my thing . 
 so , i tried fayetteville , but , `` she shrugged , `` still too big . 
 i learned a lot , built my confidence up , but a small town is where i want to be . '' 
 leaning back in his chair for the first time since she came in , he considered her words . 
 `` you 're from california . 
 how 'd you end up out here in the ozarks ? '' 
 the light in her eyes dimmed and she looked down . 
 `` i lost my family there . 
 we were a small family and now i 'm all that 's left . 
 i wanted a place as far from california as i could get . 
 after traveling around a while i found arkansas and thought that it was the most beautiful place i 'd ever seen . 
 i decided this was where i wanted to be . '' 
 tuck felt that there was more behind the story than something so simple but let it be . 
 tapping his fingers against the arm of his chair , he knew he was stuck . 
 she was perfect for the job . 
 that made his reaction to her that much more a serious problem . 
 there were so very many reasons why he needed to stay the hell away from this woman . 
 `` look . 
 i know you have to hire a female . '' 
 she shrugged and looked at straight at him . 
 `` i know i 'm more qualified than anyone you 're going to find that trained locally . 
 no , i 'm not a local and i know how important that is in a small town . 
 but as weird as it may seem to you , as crazy as it is , this is my dream job . '' 
 she leaned forward , her face earnest . 
 `` i 've been all over this county already . 
 i 've been to possum crossing , i 've been to collinsville . 
 i 've eaten at mamie 's cafe , fred 's fish fry , and the pizza place . 
 i 've looked at an apartment just down the street over the hardware store . 
 i want to be part of this close , warm community . 
 i 'm ready to spend the rest of my life in hill county , arkansas . '' 
 tucker felt the electricity in the air and wondered if every hair on his head was standing on end . 
 he could n't deny she was perfect for the job . 
 in fact if what she said about staying in hill county was true , she 'd be a perfect replacement for his job in another few years . 
 she had the command presence that men would follow her orders without question . 
 he had the feeling that if one did give her grief , it would happen only once . 
 he had no choice . 
 actually , there simply was n't a choice to make . 
 by council command , he had to hire a female , and here in front of him , no matter his reaction to her , was the perfect female for the job . 
 his only redeeming thought was that while she would work for him under his command , they would work opposite shifts so maybe he could avoid her as much as possible . 
 rising , he pulled out the top drawer of his desk . 
 taking out a shiny gold badge , he tossed it to her . 
 `` we do n't have a uniform , but the county will buy you t-shirts that get printed up over in fayetteville . 
 you have to provide your weapon and any other equipment you want . 
 we 're a poor county and the council sees it as they pay you a good paycheck , provide you with a vehicle , so the rest is on you . 
 now if there 's something you need , there 's ways to get it , so just let me know . '' 
 `` does this mean i get the job ? '' 
 her black eyes glittered up at him . 
 shoving his hands in his pockets to make sure they did n't reach out to touch and explore the weird connection between them , he nodded . 
 `` it 's yours if you want it . 
 you 'll have to go with me to the council meeting tomorrow night to get sworn in . '' 
 she stood as well , smiling hugely . 
 tucker noted that while she was still shorter than him , the top of her head would fit just under his chin , she would actually be taller than the mayor of their little town . 
 when she held out her hand once more , he braced for her touch , intending to be ready this time . 
 while he still felt an incredible jolt of electricity through him , he thought maybe it was n't so bad . 
 tuck showed her around the office , pointed out her desk , took her through the booking process . 
 being the county seat , they had four jail cells to keep up with . 
 it was a rare site for all to be filled at once , but it did happen . 
 they talked shop and police procedures for the next hour or so . 
 while neither one completely managed to relax in the presence of the other , the tension eased up while they were talking business . 
 at four o’clock , the shift changed and tuck was able to introduce bay to evening shift officer , joby walker and the evening dispatcher , flossie collins . 
 joby was a big man , happily married for over fifteen years with three hell-raising kids he liked to complain about . 
 everyone knew and liked joby , which was sometimes a problem when tuck needed him to be the big , bad cop . 
 the man was simply too nice and his own kids took advantage of that every opportunity they could . 
 flossie was nearing 60 and mean as a snake . 
 she was quite large and commanded the dispatch desk like she owned it . 
 roy might have the day shift , but everyone knew it was flossie that ran the show . 
 she 'd buried her husband a few years ago and lived alone with five cats . 
 no one , but no one , dared to ever call her the `` crazy cat lady ; '' at least not where she could hear them . 
 joby took bay in stride . 
 he was too jolly to be bothered by a woman on the force . 
 flossie looked her over , gave a sneer and turned back to the game of solitaire she had started up on the computer . 
 it was pretty much all anyone ever got out of flossie . 
 tuck took bay out back to show her the used patrol vehicle she 'd be driving . 
 the one thing tuck had fought the commission council hard for was suvs for patrol units . 
 it was rough , rugged country and some winters could be downright nasty . 
 he wanted to make sure , as best he could , that he would n't be getting a middle of the night phone call just because someone had gotten some crappy car stuck somewhere . 
 leaning back on his heels he shot her a look . 
 `` so , any questions ? '' 
 bay shook her head , her glossy pony tail swinging . 
 `` one county , three towns , one consolidated school , hundreds of miles of back roads ... sounds like my kinda ' place . 
 ca n't wait to get started . '' 
 `` be here tomorrow night , 7 o’clock at the courthouse . 
 we 'll get you introduced to the council and sworn in . 
 hope you take the politics as well as you do the back roads . '' 
 tuck dipped his head to her and headed for his patrol unit . 
 he was dearly hoping that a dose of clarice and her pot roast would chase the black eyes and sweet body he was leaving behind the office right out of his mind . 
 a couple of hours later , overly stuffed with the rich food clarice had made , the two snuggled up on her couch and talked about their days . 
 if someone had told tucker even as little as a year ago that he 'd be sitting on clarice hogan 's couch at the end of the day , he 'd have laughed his ass off . 
 but something about the soft spoken woman had wrapped itself around his heart and imbedded as deep as it could go . 
 he began to think about the chemistry and connection with his new officer . 
 a niggle of worry wormed its way into his voice . 
 tension pulled his shoulders tight . 
 clarice caught it in an instant . 
 she might be a small , soft woman , but she was a strong and determined one . 
 rumors had already reached her about the new female officer and what she looked like . 
 she 'd caught more than one quick glance of pity thrown her way . 
 but clarice was no fool and no one was taking the man she 'd worked so hard for away from her . 
 with a few smooth moves and warm kisses , she had tuck 's attention fully on her . 
 they might not have an explosive , hot sex life , but they had quite a satisfying one . 
 she knew what her man liked and knew how to deliver it best . 
 it was n't long before he had scooped her up into his arms and they were headed for the bedroom . 
 - 2 - bay stood with her hands on her hips and surveyed her new apartment . 
 the owner of the hardware store had attempted to turn the space into two small apartments by using old existing rooms , but it had n't worked out quite as planned . 
 as it was now , she had two apartments for her use , one very large open room , a kitchen area on one side , a small but decent bathroom with a loft sleeping area above it . 
 on the other side of the kitchen wall the other apartment was nearly identical , but very tiny and compact in size , useless space in her opinion . 
 on bay 's side , the large room would easily hold a dining table and a living room suite and still have room to spare . 
 the tallest windows she 'd ever seen faced the street and let in an amazing amount of sunlight . 
 as there was only one entrance , she 'd have to go to the other apartment to use the fire escape if it was ever needed . 
 but it was safe , warm , and clean and bay had no complaints at all . 
 she also had no furniture except for the bed she and joby and wrestled up into the loft . 
 with a chuckle at the huge empty space , bay decided she did n't care . 
 kitchen , bathroom and bed was all that was required and that 's what she had . 
 turning to the uncovered windows , she decided that no matter how nice the sunshine was , curtains were on the top of the list . 
 leaning against the window sill , she looked down on this new town , this new home of hers . 
 it was an old place , the buildings showing wear and weather worn . 
 some would call it shabby and worn down , worn out , but not bay . 
 she thought it was perfect , comfortable like a favorite pair of jeans . 
 unbidden , an image of tuck in worn jeans and tight t shirt popped into her head . 
 immediately , she broke out in full body goose bumps and cursed harshly . 
 the man was dangerous ground and she had to maintain a distance . 
 this was where she wanted to be , where she wanted to stay and somehow , someway , she had to get over this insane reaction to the man . 
 she thought back to that first meeting . 
 how as soon as she entered the building , the little hairs on her arms had stood straight up like she 'd passed through some sort of electrical field . 
 but then , once she saw him , oh man , had her body freaked out . 
 maintaining composure and thanking god she 'd worn a sturdy bra to hide her suddenly freakishly hard nipples , bay had to call on every ounce of control to get through the meeting . 
 no matter how much she was around him , the reaction was the same every time . 
 after a three horrible days of tension and awkward in-service training from tuck , three much more informative and interesting days with joby , two days with the swing shift guy , dave , and bay was patrolling on her own . 
 where tuck was all ` big bad authority ' guy , and joby was everyone 's favorite uncle , dave was completely different , again . 
 he was older , nearing retirement and had very little to say on any subject bay had asked about . 
 it took only one midnight shift to discover why no one wanted to work it . 
 with the exception of the bars , the latest any store or diner in any of the towns stayed open was 9 o’clock . 
 miller springs had two bars , collinsville had one and each closed at 10 o’clock weekdays and midnight on friday and saturday nights . 
 once she found that tuck had no problems with her dropping by her apartment for `` lunch '' , then all was good in the finding some place to eat when everything was closed . 
 now , if only she had a chair to sit in while she ate , bay thought as she grinned again at the empty apartment . 
 later that night , when she swung into the dispatch office , flossie turned a hard eye on her . 
 bay paused to check to make sure her shirt was tucked in neatly and her hair was n't sticking up . 
 no matter what joby said , flossie did not appear to be happy she was working there . 
 finding nothing amiss , she tried a smile . 
 `` evening , flossie . 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 the large woman narrowed her eyes at bay . 
 `` i got a new couch . '' 
 bay was at a loss for words . 
 blinking and scrambling for something to say , she offered , `` uh . 
 good . 
 um , need some help moving it ? '' 
 flossie snorted , `` need some help getting rid of the old one . '' 
 she turned back to the card game on the computer and bay let out a relieved breath of air . 
 before she could relax though , flossie continued , `` you bring your skinny butt over to my place soon as you get off duty and get the damn thing outta my garage . '' 
 joby walked over to bay and used a finger to lift her chin from where it had dropped open . 
 startled bay snapped her mouth closed and sent a frantic look to joby . 
 `` i think she means you can have her old couch if you just come get it in the morning . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 bay wondered if her eyes were bugging out of her head like they felt they were . 
 `` oh . 
 well . 
 um , flossie that 's really nice of you . 
 thank you . '' 
 the older woman simply snorted and went back to ignoring bay . 
 joby gave bay a jerk of his head and they walked out back together . 
 as soon as the door shut behind them , joby burst out laughing . 
 `` girl you look like you done swallowed a bug . '' 
 `` joby , did she just give me a couch ? '' 
 `` ol’ flossie ... it 's how she is . 
 she do n't ask , she tells you how it is . 
 do n't worry , you tell tuck about it when he comes on in the morning and he 'll help you with it . 
 toss it in the back of his truck for ya . '' 
 that sobered bay right up . 
 there was no way she could insult flossie by not taking the couch but there was also no way she could get it home by herself . 
 flossie lived over in possum crossing and bay 's old cranky grand prix would not hold a couch . 
 she knew tuck would help ; all she had to do was ask . 
 there was no way to ask tuck for help when she was avoiding him as much as possible . 
 shoving her hands in her pockets , she wondered what the hell she was going to do now . 
 the midnight dispatcher , a shy quiet young man named owen that bay had no luck in engaging in conversation , walked up . 
 thinking quickly , she realized that even living in such a rural area , the only one with a pick-up truck was tuck . 
 she was screwed . 
 `` hey , owen . 
 how 's hailey ? '' 
 joby asked . 
 `` ah , she 's good . 
 the doc said everything 's looking fine , '' owen answered , his cheeks turning a bright pink . 
 after a quick glance at bay , he ducked his head and went inside . 
 frowning , bay asked joby , `` who 's hailey and why does she need a doctor ? '' 
 joby 's rolling laugh echoed across the alley . 
 `` girl , do n't you talk to anyone ? '' 
 bay narrowed her eyes at the round man . 
 that just made joby laugh harder . 
 when he finally caught his breath he choked out , `` hailey is owen 's wife . 
 she 's expecting a baby in a couple months . 
 seems like you having a hard time making friends with everyone around here . '' 
 `` he wo n't talk to me ! '' 
 the words nearly exploded from her . 
 `` just turns all red and tries to hide behind the computer screen . 
 and flossie , geez who can talk to her ? '' 
 bay 's irritation finally got through to the still chuckling joby . 
 patting her shoulder , he said , `` people do n't take to newcomers easily . 
 give it time and before long they 'll forget you did n't grow up here . 
 you 're one of us now , bay . 
 even if you do have a weird name and a funny looking face . '' 
 bay could n't hold back the burst of laughter . 
 this was all too weird . 
 clapping joby on the back , she sent him home just as flossie came out the back door . 
 giving the cranky woman a big smile , she reassured her that she 'd be at flossie 's house right after work to grab the couch . 
 flossie gave a grunt and headed for her beat-up , old station wagon to go home . 
 after some quick paperwork in the office and another failed attempt at chatting up owen , she headed out . 
 hill county was normally very dark and quiet on her shift , but she still tried to patrol as much as possible , changing up her route through the dark . 
 possum crossing held only a post office and an old fashioned general store where you could literally buy just about anything . 
 collinsville was bigger with a few small shops , a bar and fred 's fish fry . 
 bay always took the time to park her vehicle , get out and rattle the doors to make sure everything was locked up tight . 
 the few calls she got overnight were usually prowlers that ended up being some sort of animal , but there had been a few domestic disturbances and she liked to drive past those houses just to check . 
 she also found out that there was one fire department for the county and the volunteer department expected the police to assist with any fires . 
 it was nearing dawn and she was traveling the main highway back to miller springs when she saw the vehicle off the road against a tree . 
 grabbing her radio mic and calling it in to owen , bay flipped on her emergency lights and pulled over . 
 she saw the blood first and immediately asked for an ambulance . 
 working quickly , she tested the car door and found it had popped open a bit from the impact and she was able to pull it open further . 
 the man inside was slumped over the wheel , blood pouring freely from a cut on his forehead . 
 alcohol fumes rushed to greet her just as the bottle fell out of the man 's hand to bounce off of her foot . 
 cursing , bay jerked on a pair of disposable safety gloves and checked for a pulse . 
 just as she found it , the man moaned and started to move . 
 talking quickly , trying to get him to be still , bay wrinkled her nose at the overwhelming smell of stale alcohol when the guy let out an impressive belch . 
 `` please hold still sir , the ambulance will be here soon . '' 
 `` what ? 
 who the hell are you ? '' 
 the man looked up at her , squinting in the flashing lights , trying to focus on her face . 
 `` i 'm deputy lopez , i need you to hold still please . 
 how much have you had to drink tonight , sir ? '' 
 `` are you a fuckin wetback ? 
 what you doin ' out here ? 
 we do n't have no mexicans around here . '' 
 bay 's gut clenched and she bit back the angry words that jumped for release . 
 `` sir , i 'm going to ask you again , how much have you had to drink tonight ? '' 
 the man leaned back in the seat and bay quickly looked for more injuries . 
 `` what happened ? 
 did you run me off the road ? 
 damn women got no business driving . '' 
 taking a deep breath , trying to find some fresh , clean air , bay tried again , `` what 's your name sir ? 
 do you live near here ? '' 
 he squinted up at her . 
 `` where 's tuck ? 
 who are you ? 
 get away from me , you spic . '' 
 bay could hear the distant sound of the ambulance siren . 
 clamping down on her temper , and resisting the urge to just shoot the moron , she asked again for the man 's name . 
 she received nothing but more insults . 
 leaving him sitting in the car , she walked up to the road to greet the ambulance . 
 briefly , she described what she 'd found as the medics gathered up gear . 
 she introduced herself to the two men and found bill and anthony to be long time medics in the area . 
 they were both familiar with the man in the car . 
 `` that 's scotty brooks . 
 he gets liquored up and crashes his car a couple times a year . 
 unfortunately , he never manages to do serious damage . '' 
 bill informed her . 
 `` sounds a little harsh . '' 
 bay frowned . 
 she may have personally found the man incredibly offensive , but now she wondered if everyone found him that way . 
 anthony nodded . 
 `` i take it you have n't met his wife . 
 give it time and you 'll understand . '' 
 they went back to car where scotty still sat . 
 bay found that scotty did n't care who he insulted as bill and anthony received the same abuse that she had . 
 anthony was worried about the injury to scotty 's head , so they decided to transport him to the hospital . 
 as soon as they started working to get him out of the car and strapped to a cot , scotty decided it was time for him to go home and that , `` he did n't need no ambulance ! '' 
 bay grabbed him and prepared to take him down as his fists started flailing wildly . 
 bill stepped up and his large body easily absorbed the blows as he tried to wrestle him onto the cot . 
 but scotty got lucky with the next punch and connected with bill 's jaw , knocking bill out cold . 
 bay decided she was done and in a few , quick , professional moves , had the drunk on the ground and handcuffed . 
 deciding that if the medics wanted to check him out further they could do it from the jail , bay manhandled him into the back of her suv . 
 by then , anthony had bill awake and the man was cursing loudly . 
 after a short discussion , it was decided that anthony was taking bill to the hospital and they would send the back-up crew to the jail to check on scotty . 
 bay radioed the call into owen and had him get a wrecker to tow scotty 's car . 
 by the time bay reached the sheriff 's office , scotty was snoring happily in the back seat . 
 it took more physical manhandling to get him awake and out of the vehicle . 
 owen held the door open while she half carried the much bigger man in the nearest jail cell . 
 tossing normal booking procedures out the window , bay just wanted the man secured and behind bars . 
 she was able to quickly find his information in the computer and had her report mostly done when tuck came in for shift change . 
 he took one look at her blood and dirt covered clothing and nearly pounced on her . 
 grabbing her arm , he turned her around and looked her over checking for injuries . 
 bay 's heart rate tripled instantly . 
 the electric connection between them zinged along her skin . 
 she carefully pulled back away from his touch , quickly assuring him she was perfectly fine . 
 in short bursts she informed him of everything that had happened and pointed to the man comfortably sleeping in the cell . 
 `` i 'm fine , everything 's fine . 
 back up ambulance crew patched his head and said he seemed fine . 
 i 'm not hurt , none of this is mine . '' 
 tuck stood back staring at scotty . 
 after a minute he asked , `` you cuffed him , and carried him to your vehicle , then carried him in here ? '' 
 bay nodded cautiously . 
 she could n't figure out what he was thinking or feeling but did n't really like the strange look on his face . 
 `` by yourself ? '' 
 `` it 's my job . '' 
 tuck nodded and tucked his hands into his pockets . 
 `` why did n't you call for back up ? '' 
 frowning , bay looked at scotty . 
 `` why ? 
 he 's just drunk . 
 no way he could blow on the bac but i had the medic take blood so we could get dwi charges . '' 
 she could see tuck take a deep breath . 
 `` you should have called for back-up . '' 
 the anger was starting a slow climb up from bay 's middle . 
 `` why ? '' 
 rising , she moved to stand in front of him , in his line of sight . 
 `` if i was a man , would you be telling me i should have called for back-up ? '' 
 tension shot between them . 
 they stared at each other for a long minute before tuck only nodded . 
 `` you 're right . 
 your call . '' 
 just then roy came in the back door . 
 he gave a sneer at scotty , ignored tuck and bay , and headed into the dispatch desk ordering owen out of his chair . 
 that reminded bay of flossie and the couch . 
 she gave a soft curse before squaring her shoulders . 
 `` i need to ask you for a favor . '' 
 tuck raised an eyebrow . 
 the action sent a new and different liquid warmth sliding down through her . 
 doing her best to ignore it , she quickly explained the couch situation . 
 tuck gave her a sharp nod , told her to finish her report and meet him out back . 
 once he was gone , she breathed a sigh of relief and ordered her body to behave . 
 she actually had to run her hands over her arms to get the hair standing up to relax and quit making her feel electrified . 
 dammit , she had to get control of things around tuck ; he was her boss , he was the sheriff and she was going to be working here for a hell of a long time . 
 or so she hoped . 
 she quickly finished up her report , said good-bye to owen and filled in roy on the sleeping scotty before going out to meet tuck . 
 she found him talking to the little mayor and approached slowly , making sure they were aware of her in case their conversation was private . 
 mayor williams greeted her happily and exclaimed over the dirt and blood . 
 bay glossed over the situation as lightly as possible . 
 tuck explained where they were headed and the mayor gave a salute and left them . 
 turning to her , tuck asked , `` want to change fast ? '' 
 bay shrugged . 
 `` nah . 
 rather just get going . 
 do n't want flossie mad at me for being late . '' 
 the small smile that quirked tuck 's lips made bay 's throat slam shut . 
 `` she scare you that bad ? '' 
 she only nodded , knowing that speech was impossible . 
 taking slow , deep , breaths she tried to get her nerves under control . 
 tuck had outfitted his personal truck with lights and a siren for when he was called out unexpectedly . 
 he motioned for bay to climb in while he opened the passenger door . 
 giving herself a stern lecture , she walked around the pick-up and slid inside . 
 it only took about ten minutes to get to possum crossing , but it took another ten to get to flossie 's house . 
 the ride was long and tense with neither of them saying a word . 
 flossie lived well off the beaten path , down a long dirt road that was badly in need of repairs . 
 the ride was long , slow and bouncy , making bay aware of every move tuck 's body made . 
 tuck pulled up in front of a picturesque , old , white farmhouse . 
 flossie stepped out on to the porch and jerked her thumb in the direction of a detached garage . 
 while bay looked around in awe at the abundant lush flowers and fruit trees arranged around the place , tuck easily turned the truck around and backed it up to the garage . 
 `` do n't you steal any of my tools in there , tucker adams . 
 i know where you live and i will take them back outta your hide . '' 
 flossie stood on the porch , a large orange and white cat twining around her legs . 
 bay sent a startled glance at tuck who only smiled and exited the vehicle . 
 `` flossie , go back inside and bake me a pie like a good little woman should . '' 
 bay knew her mouth dropped open . 
 she climbed slowly from the truck , cautiously keeping to the other side of the vehicle away from flossie . 
 the woman really did scare her and for someone to speak to her like that , she was waiting to see if flossie brought out a gun . 
 instead , flossie roared with laughter . 
 she looked to bay and noticed the stains on her shirt . 
 `` girl , who you been rollin ' the mud with ? '' 
 `` scotty brooks . '' 
 flossie 's laugh was gone and her face took on a fierce scowl . 
 `` you arrest that piece of trash ? '' 
 `` yes ` mam . '' 
 `` good . 
 then maybe you 'll get a pie and not that weasel , tucker adams . '' 
 she stomped back in the house . 
 bay looked to tuck , stunned and speechless . 
 `` looks like you made a friend . '' 
 turning , he slid open the garage door and walked over to a plastic-draped couch . 
 looking back he asked , `` you gon na ' help with this thing ? '' 
 dazed , bay hurriedly moved to help . 
 together they easily lifted the couch and set it in the back of tuck 's truck . 
 he slammed the tailgate closed and then closed the garage door . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 he climbed once more into the driver 's side of the truck . 
 bay got in the passenger side , completely confused . 
 `` um , we 're just leaving ? 
 i did n't thank her for the couch . '' 
 tuck shot a glance at her dirty clothing , `` would you like to go inside and thank her ? '' 
 she could see the smirk lurking just behind his solemn face . 
 `` uh . 
 no . 
 i can thank her at work . 
 later . '' 
 bay shifted uncomfortably . 
 a low chuckle rumbled from deep inside tuck 's chest . 
 `` bring her a pack of flower seeds . '' 
 confused , bay frowned . 
 `` flower seeds ? '' 
 tuck only nodded and motioned to the surrounding landscaping before starting down the long winding driveway . 
 the drive back was as silent as the one there had been . 
 it left bay to ponder the strangeness of the woman 's house they had just been to . 
 she had expected a different way of living in this rural area , but flossie was more confusing than she had originally thought . 
 when they reached miller springs , tuck pulled around to the alley and the entrance to her apartment . 
 together they wrestled the couch out of the truck and started trying to work it up the narrow stairway . 
 the next few minutes were a comedy of errors that if anyone had been watching , they would have most likely laughed themselves silly . 
 the couch was n't that heavy , but it was large and awkward and the stairway was rather narrow . 
 since a bed was all bay had moved in so far , the narrowness had n't been a problem . 
 it was now . 
 after many grunts and curses , with tuck trying to lift his end backwards up the stairs and bay pushing from the bottom , tuck 's hands slipped and he dropped his end , causing it to nearly bowl bay over and down the few steps they had managed so far . 
 `` okay . 
 switch places . 
 you up here since you 're shorter and i 'll shove from that end . '' 
 bay glared daggers at the man . 
 she eyed the tiny space between the couch and the wall . 
 `` and how do you propose we switch places ? '' 
 tuck simply stepped onto the plastic still covering the couch and walked down the seat cushions . 
 bracing his hands against the wall , he stepped down off the couch beside her . 
 `` like that . '' 
 they were now standing facing each other in the small space . 
 bay looked up , sudden nervousness flooding her system . 
 the heat between them made her short of breath and she realized her knees had gone weak . 
 she could smell him , all warm , male musk and knew that she was in seriously deep trouble . 
 tuck cleared his throat . 
 `` uh , you could climb back up the same way . '' 
 bay nodded and woodenly turned to climb the couch . 
 she felt tuck place a steadying hand on her back and the shock of his touch made her stumble . 
 he grabbed her with both hands around her waist and she sucked in air , feeling like her entire body was catching on fire . 
 `` careful , there . '' 
 his voice was low and raspy , sending shivers through her . 
 gritting her teeth and finding the determination to not completely embarrass herself , bay slammed her hands against the walls and stomped her way over the couch . 
 stepping carefully onto the stairs above she leaned down and found a hold on the couch . 
 the sooner this thing was moved , the sooner the man would be away from her . 
 it took several more minutes of struggling , but they managed to get the couch into bay 's apartment . 
 giving it a final shove out of the way , bay pulled the plastic off to find a rather attractive brown and blue striped couch . 
 wadding up the plastic , she tossed it beside the door to take to the dumpster later . 
 turning back to tuck , she saw him quickly look away from where he 'd been watching her . 
 was he staring at my butt ? 
 she wondered with a frown . 
 `` thanks for the help . 
 i really appreciate it . '' 
 she hoped that would nudge him out the door . 
 he nodded and walked over to the windows . 
 `` nice view . 
 you can see most of the town here . '' 
 shifting uncomfortably bay agreed , `` yeah . 
 need curtains , though , to make sure i 'm not giving free peepshows . '' 
 biting her tongue sharply , bay cursed her choice of words . 
 tuck 's face reddened . 
 clearing his throat , he turned as if to leave . 
 he paused in front of her , looking over her stained clothing . 
 `` you 're sure you 're okay ? 
 no injuries from dragging scotty around ? '' 
 bay raised her eyebrows in question , `` i just helped you carry a couch up a set of stairs . 
 a couch that nearly knocked me into the street . 
 that hurt much worse than anything scotty brooks could do . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 tuck gave a small chuckle . 
 glancing at the otherwise empty room he continued , `` if you ever need help with stuff , just ask . 
 it 's no problem . '' 
 he was standing entirely too close for her comfort , causing all kinds of tingles and feelings inside her . 
 she only nodded and said , `` yeah , well , thanks again . 
 it 's , uh , getting kinda ' late for me though , you know . 
 night shift and all ... this is my sleeping time . '' 
 attempting to give him a smile , bay looked up at tuck . 
 he was staring . 
 right at her mouth . 
 she swallowed dryly . 
 the heat between them intensified until she began to wonder if important things on her body were just going to start simply melting away . 
 finally , he gave only a curt nod and left , shutting the door behind him . 
 bay let out a huge sigh of relief as instantly the tension fled . 
 giving the couch a light kick for all the trouble it had caused , she headed for the bathroom to shower off the fight with scotty before going to bed . 
 - 3 - four months later . 
 tuck braced his hands against the sides of the shower wall hoping the cooling spray would ease the fire in his gut . 
 cursing harshly , he noted that it did n't seem to be working . 
 his body wanted what it wanted even if his mind and heart disagreed . 
 with a vicious twist of the taps , he turned off the water and jerked the towel from the rod . 
 drying himself off roughly , his mind went over the day 's schedule , refusing to acknowledge the sweaty dream he 'd woken from that involved his own deputy and the hard reaction it had brought . 
 it was n't until he remembered that today was the final meeting with the preacher for the wedding in two weeks that tuck gave in and let out a frustrated roar of cursing . 
 jerking on his clothes , he stomped to the kitchen for coffee . 
 while he waited on the coffee to brew , tuck leaned against the counter and tried to think clearly . 
 it was n't easy . 
 his thoughts and feelings had been a jumbled mess ever since he hired that damn woman . 
 taking a deep cleansing breath , he concentrated on clarice . 
 after a bit , the tension left his shoulders and the familiar warmth came back to him . 
 he imagined her soft blond hair , those baby blue eyes that just made him melt and her tiny soft body that felt like coming home every time he sank into her . 
 that was what he wanted . 
 quiet , firm security and the amazing love of the most beautiful woman he had ever encountered . 
 that was his clarice . 
 he was n't stupid , he knew she 'd pursued him until he broke , but turns out , that was okay with him . 
 thoughts of spending the rest of his life with her made him feel complete . 
 that was why , a few months ago , he pulled out that little sparkly diamond , took clarice on a picnic on a beautiful summer day and proposed that they spend their lives together . 
 when she demanded a fall wedding , tuck was okay with that . 
 they still had n't discussed children and he still had n't changed on that front , but he figured that was a path they 'd cross later . 
 if , deep in his heart , he had hoped that seeing his ring on clarice 's finger would somehow still his physical response to bay , then it remained his secret when the maneuver did n't work . 
 even after all these months , as soon as he saw bay , his body broke out in goose bumps and his tongue dried up in his mouth . 
 it was driving him madly insane and somehow , someway , he had to make it stop . 
 the little she-devil did n't do a damn thing to provoke him , either . 
 bay kept her distance from him , managing to always keep a large space between them . 
 he 'd watched her break through to charm the men at work . 
 hell , even flossie would banter with bay just like she did with him sometimes . 
 he absolutely refused to believe that he was jealous , that this outsider had so quickly made friends around his town , his county . 
 she had become well liked and respected . 
 she handled herself and the rowdiest of drunks with an ease he 'd never found in another male police officer . 
 the mayor had praised her on several occasions now . 
 tuck should be proud . 
 right ? 
 grabbing a cup and filling it with piping , hot coffee , tuck went out onto his back porch . 
 the autumn morning had a bite to it but the brilliant colors of trees just starting to turn let him know that when he married clarice at the little park in town , it would be beautiful . 
 scalding his tongue on the coffee , he fought hard to keep the tension from creeping back . 
 he was going to marry clarice , the woman he loved , in two weeks . 
 then they were going on a honeymoon for a week . 
 and when they came back , his reaction to bay would end , or he 'd make it end one way or another . 
 just because he had no idea how to make it go away was beside the point . 
 but for now , it was time to get moving ; he had a preacher to talk to . 
 when he pulled up in back of the church , tuck found clarice already there . 
 she was standing beside her open car door with one hand on the door , the other held pressed tightly to her stomach . 
 as soon as she saw his truck , though , she smiled brilliantly and closed the car door , moving around to greet him . 
 wondering if she was having doubts , tuck studied her face as he got out of the truck . 
 her smile did n't hide the slight shadows under her eyes . 
 frowning , tuck looked harder . 
 was her face a little thinner than usual ? 
 pulling her close for a hug and kiss , he carefully felt along her ribs . 
 yes , she had lost weight . 
 why had n't he noticed this ? 
 `` you feeling okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , i 'm fine , why ? '' 
 she looked confused . 
 `` just something around your eyes . 
 wedding jitters ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 her laugh bubbled across the parking lot of the church . 
 `` only to get it done already . '' 
 tuck brushed it off as anxious bride nerves and taking her hand , they went in to talk to rev. boyle . 
 entering the back of the church , they walked towards a tiny office immediately to the left . 
 upon entering , tuck caught the quick concerned glance the religious man gave to clarice . 
 when the preacher 's features remained smooth and friendly , he wondered if he 'd imagined it and wondered if his own nerves were more rattled than he knew . 
 they exchanged pleasantries for a few minutes , went quickly over a couple of last minute changes and then rev. boyle leaned back in his chair and looked to clarice . 
 she squirmed in her chair . 
 tuck had never seen clarice squirm in front of anyone before . 
 her hand sought his and gripped it tightly . 
 `` how are you feeling clarice ? '' 
 rev. boyle asked gently . 
 tuck felt something dark settle over the room . 
 he turned to look at clarice and found her eyes swimming in tears . 
 a new kind of tension tightened his shoulders until he wondered if they 'd break . 
 while he stared at this woman he 'd chosen to spend his life with , she refused to look at him . 
 `` i 'm fine reverend . 
 just fine . '' 
 she whispered . 
 the older man sighed heavily . 
 `` clarice . '' 
 he shook his head slowly , sadness entering his eyes . 
 raising her chin in defiance , she announced , `` i 'm fine , '' in a strong clear voice , the tears gone from her eyes . 
 turning to the reverend , tuck said , `` tell me what she wo n't . '' 
 he heard clarice 's small gasp and felt the jerk of her fingers that he held on tightly to . 
 he refused to release her hand and dread filled him with a dark coldness . 
 rev. boyle 's sad eyes turned to him . 
 `` i can not . 
 it is hers ' to tell . 
 but i am here should either of you need me . '' 
 he stood and stepped around the desk . 
 he laid a hand on clarice 's shoulder and whispered a quick prayer before leaving the room . 
 tuck sat still for a minute , his mind surprisingly calm and clear . 
 he felt the tremors in clarice 's fingers and wondered why they felt cold since he was holding them so tightly . 
 shifting , he turned to her . 
 she sat straight and still , staring at the chair the reverend had just left , her face a blank mask to him . 
 scooting off his chair , he knelt at her feet . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 she shook her head , defiant once more . 
 tuck simply lifted their joined hands and kissed her cold fingers . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` i am fine , tucker adams . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 her voice was strong and clear but there was anger around the edges . 
 raising his eyes , he looked into hers . 
 he did n't repeat his request , he just waited . 
 tuck did n't know what was going on , all he knew was that once again , his life was about to change . 
 he questioned his calmness since he knew that this change was n't going to be good . 
 finally clarice let out a huff of breath . 
 `` doctor martin thinks i need to see a cancer doctor in fayetteville . 
 i think he 's old and does n't know what he 's talking about . '' 
 tuck closed his eyes . 
 if someone had physically struck him with a hard blow to the chest , it would n't have hurt as much as this did . 
 taking a deep breath , he opened his eyes and looked square into clarice 's . 
 `` then you 'll see the cancer doctor before the wedding or there will be no wedding . '' 
 clarice 's face drained of all color . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 leaning close to her , nearly nose to nose tuck quietly said , `` i love you . 
 you will not risk the health of the woman i love . 
 you will do everything the doctor tells you to do . 
 if you do n't see the doctor that dr. martin wants you to see then the wedding is on hold until you do . '' 
 `` but tuck - , '' clarice started . 
 `` i 've let you run this show since you started chasing me clarice hogan . 
 but this time , you will do as i say . 
 do n't push me . '' 
 his voice was firm and solid , surprising even himself . 
 taking her face gently in his hands , he kissed her with all the love in his heart . 
 `` now , you 'll see the doctor , right ? '' 
 clarice nodded , biting her lip to hold back the tears . 
 `` but what if ... '' tuck stood and pulled her to her feet . 
 `` yes , what if . 
 what if you wait and then it 's too late ? 
 what if you do n't find out for sure and then it 's too late ? 
 what if you go see him and it 's just as you say and dr. martin is a silly over protective fool ? 
 i want a future with you and if you deny me that future , i 'm not going to be a happy man . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` but what if it 's already too late ? '' 
 tuck shrugged . 
 `` then we take what we have , but we do it knowing exactly what 's going on . '' 
 he folded her in his arms and held her tight . 
 the coldness inside him was growing and he tried desperately to find the warmth she always brought him . 
 they parted ways a few minutes later , clarice going to dr. martin 's office and tuck to work . 
 he had paperwork to file as he wanted everything done before he left for a week . 
 keeping his mind carefully blank , keeping the cold void inside him as small as possible , he went the sheriff 's office . 
 finding bay tapping away at her computer keyboard and a teenage boy cursing roundly from a jail cell was not what he wanted to find . 
 her normally neat pony tail was slightly askew and she had tendrils of hair dangling down to brush her neck . 
 she was completely ignoring the verbal abuse coming from the young man . 
 `` shut up ! '' 
 tuck yelled at the teen . 
 the kid simply turned his ire onto tuck . 
 `` hey man . 
 that bitch , she nearly broke my arm . 
 she called me names . 
 i want to press charges against her . '' 
 `` shut . 
 up . '' 
 tuck repeated , this time quietly and much darker . 
 even from behind bars the kid got the message and flung himself onto the cot at the back of the cell . 
 bay glanced up but continued typing . 
 she took a quick look at tuck and just as quickly turned back to the computer screen . 
 moving closer , tuck could see a long red scratch along the side of her neck . 
 he could also read the anger in the lines of her posture and was able to admire the way she held it in . 
 the closer he got to her , the more the hairs on his arms stood on end . 
 silently cursing his reaction , but this time he also welcomed it too , as it was chasing away that raging cold inside him . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 he instantly regretted his choice of words as they reminded him of clarice . 
 bay finished the sentence she was typing before answering . 
 `` shoplifter from speedy 's . 
 he wanted to run and then to fight . 
 i won . '' 
 `` freakin woman 's got ta be on speed man . 
 no one runs like that but me . '' 
 the kid grumbled from the cot . 
 `` what 'd he take ? '' 
 bay pointed to the corner of her desk and a collection of junk food . 
 `` two sodas , five candy bars , two packs of crackers . 
 but what got him was he tried to lift a pack of cigarettes . 
 and the fact that i had just stopped to grab breakfast before going home . '' 
 shifting to stand behind her to read her screen , he noted the name . 
 `` trevor williams . '' 
 he ignored the quick shiver he felt go through bay ... or so he told himself when his body tightened . 
 moving to stand in front of the cell , he looked more closely at the boy . 
 `` trevor williams . 
 mayor williams 's grandson . 
 captain of the football team . 
 starting point for the basketball team . 
 track star . '' 
 bay 's startled gaze went to the kid . 
 he remained silent for the first time since she 'd picked him up . 
 tuck gave the bars of the cell a kick to make them ring . 
 `` you were just helping yourself to what you wanted , no need to pay cuz you 're mayor williams 's grandson . 
 got caught and ran . 
 she chased you down . 
 caught you , beat you down , handcuffed you and brought you in . '' 
 he gave a harsh laugh . 
 `` how many of your friends saw that one ? '' 
 the boy remained silent and still . 
 `` you 're a senior this year , right ? 
 first football game coming up . 
 college football scouts going to be sniffing around you this year . 
 football and basketball scouts maybe . '' 
 tuck began to pace in front of the bars . 
 `` if i remember correctly coach max is hella ' strict on keeping your nose clean . '' 
 crossing his arms over his chest and leaning back on his heels , tuck continued , `` did n't he toss dylan white right off the team for just getting a squalling tires ticket ? 
 something about his players being examples to the community '' a low stream of curses started . 
 tuck snapped his fingers and adopted a hopeful look on his face . 
 `` oh . 
 but you 're trevor williams . 
 you think you can get out of this because grandpa will just give me a call and make it all go away . 
 right ? '' 
 trevor sat up and looked at tuck , hope dancing in his eyes . 
 `` can you ? '' 
 tuck 's harsh laugh echoed through the room . 
 without looking at bay he asked , `` is this little snot 18 yet ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` did you charge him with assaulting an officer ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` do it . 
 charge him with resisting too . 
 charge him with everything you 've got . 
 no need to call his parents . 
 or his grandparents . 
 he 's an adult and he 's on a twenty-four hold . 
 he 's going to miss school today . 
 and football practice . 
 and , most likely , the rest of the season . '' 
 turning sharply on his heel , he left for his office . 
 he was deep into his own paperwork and fighting the demon of a dark mood when bay brought in her report . 
 taking it he asked , `` did you put down your overtime ? '' 
 `` um , yeah i will . '' 
 bay stood with her hands in her pockets . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 `` everything is just peachy . 
 thanks for asking . '' 
 tuck knew the sarcasm was just dripping from his words but he could n't seem to hold it back . 
 `` look sheriff , normally i stay out of your business , but you were a little hard on the kid in there . '' 
 bay held herself stiffly as if she expected a rebuke . 
 shoving his hand through his hair in an uncharacteristic show of frustration , tuck leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes . 
 maybe if he did n't look at her it would be better . 
 he paused , wondering how much to say and then decided it was best to say nothing at this point . 
 so he settled on the answer , `` yes there 's something wrong . 
 no i 'm not going to talk about it . 
 go home . 
 i 'll handle the kid from here . '' 
 bay did n't budge . 
 tuck did n't have to open his eyes to know she had n't moved . 
 he could feel the damn woman , every inch of her . 
 finally she said , `` you know where to find me if you do ever need someone on the outside to talk to . '' 
 this time he felt her move away but before she could get out of his office , he opened his eyes and even though he tried to keep his mouth shut it did n't work . 
 `` you 're not an outsider anymore bay . 
 you 're one of us . '' 
 she turned back and gave him a small smile . 
 `` thanks . 
 offer still stands . '' 
 and then she was gone . 
 tuck was eating lunch at mamie 's when his cell phone rang . 
 it flashed up clarice 's picture and he quickly took the call . 
 `` hey there . '' 
 `` hi . 
 um , i have an appointment tomorrow in fayetteville . 
 i know you 're working but is there any way you could go with me . '' 
 her words came in a rush like she had to say them fast or she would n't say them at all . 
 `` of course i will . 
 all you had to do was let me know when and where . 
 bay can cover , it 's her day off . '' 
 a tightness settled around tuck 's chest making it hard to breathe . 
 `` great . 
 pick me up 8 in the morning ? 
 we can have lunch in the city . 
 someplace nice . '' 
 `` sounds good , except that i wo n't have to pick you up because i 'll already be there . 
 i 'll pick up a pizza before coming over tonight . 
 i love you . '' 
 `` i love you , tuck . '' 
 she ended the call but not before he heard the small gasp as she began to cry . 
 his appetite gone , tuck paid his bill and left the diner . 
 the day passed in a blur with the only thing standing out was his call to bay to ask her to cover for him . 
 tuck had decided to make it an overnight trip to give both him and clarice a small break from home . 
 he had n't even taken a single day off before and after this morning ; it let her know for sure that something was definitely up . 
 she had repeated her offer of being someone he could talk to but they both knew the chances of that happening were slim . 
 that night at clarice 's was long and quiet . 
 neither of them were in the mood to talk . 
 they went to bed early and tuck held clarice tightly against him all night long . 
 he listened to her breathing in the dark and worried if their nights together like this would be limited instead of the lifetime they wanted . 
 the next couple of days ended up being the nightmare neither of them ever dreamed could exist . 
 after hours of grueling tests , endless nurses with needles and cold hospital rooms , the doctor with the kindest eyes tuck had ever seen listed the possibilities of their future . 
 the tests would take a few days to be complete , but he wanted them to have all possible information . 
 the ride home was long and silent . 
 clarice slept in the passenger seat while tuck made plans . 
 all his decisions were made by the time he pulled into clarice 's driveway . 
 not waking her , he simply carried her into the house and put her bed where he joined her a short time later . 
 days passed with agonizing slowness . 
 when the call finally came , tuck thanked every god he could name that he was with clarice right in that moment . 
 the kind doctor proceeded to shatter their world , their hopes and their dreams . 
 of course , the best treatment would be in little rock . 
 while clarice sobbed quietly beside him , tuck tried to absorb all the information he could . 
 but it was as if his brain had simply shut down . 
 the next morning , no matter how tuck argued and pleaded , clarice refused to stay home . 
 she was going to her teaching job and that was final . 
 when tuck suggested she put in her resignation , he saw a side of her he had yet to see . 
 a full blown angry clarice was a sight to behold . 
 he let the matter drop , just adding it to the list of things that he would take care of when the time was right . 
 he headed to the office to check in . 
 when he 'd gotten back into town , roy had told him that bay had enjoyed her day shift and tuck got the impression that roy had too . 
 that was the only comforting words he 'd heard all week . 
 going into his office , he took care of a few things and started the ball rolling on something bigger . 
 he did n't question his decision , did n't hesitate to write the letter . 
 tuck had no problems handing the letter to the mayor . 
 the only problem was respecting clarice 's need for privacy and explaining the necessity at the same time . 
 this was the one area of small town life that made things difficult . 
 since the last thing tuck wanted was rumors , he had to be very careful . 
 it was nearly noon before he was free again and ready for the next step . 
 walking down the street from the office , tuck looked up at bay 's windows and hoped she was awake . 
 not letting himself think , trying not to let himself feel , he rounded the building to climb the stairs to her apartment . 
 after knocking briskly on her door , he waited for her to answer . 
 staring at the stairs , the memory of the two of them getting that damn couch up into her apartment threatened to break through the block of ice inside him . 
 he remembered the feel of her under his hands , warm but not soft like clarice . 
 instead she was firm , muscled . 
 the door opening broke him out of a near trance . 
 `` tuck . 
 sheriff , '' she said in surprise . 
 `` tuck is fine . 
 can i come in ? 
 there 's something we need to discuss . '' 
 he could see she was rattled and nervous but quickly stood back for him to enter , making sure he did n't brush up against her . 
 the apartment had changed drastically since he 'd been here . 
 no longer empty , she had it tastefully decorated with obvious odds and ends that worked well together . 
 the bright sunshine was filtered through gauzy curtains that offered privacy but still let in the light . 
 she waved him to a chair and offered him a drink . 
 waiting for her to settle , he sat in a chair he would have sworn he 'd seen in someone else 's living room before . 
 the normal tension between them was there and this time , tuck welcomed it . 
 it gave him something to feel other than the blocked off feelings of fear crawling up his back . 
 as she settled on flossie 's old couch , she fidgeted and tugged at her shirt , drawing his attention . 
 focusing on her , he took in the tight tank top that molded to her breasts and the low hanging , skimpy shorts . 
 he took a sharp breath at the sight of her body and then cursed himself when that just caused him to smell her . 
 fresh , warm woman with a hint of lemon made his body respond in ways he did n't want . 
 clenching his hands together tightly , he concentrated on what he needed to . 
 when the silence between started to feel heavy , tuck swallowed hard and said , `` i 'm leaving . 
 after the wedding , clarice and i are moving to little rock . 
 i 've turned in my resignation to the mayor and he 's going to talk to the council but they should be appointing you sheriff interim . '' 
 there , it was out , it was done . 
 bay sat unmoving , her eyes black and huge . 
 she just stared at him . 
 after a moment he realized she was n't breathing and started to become alarmed . 
 just as he worried that he 'd have to somehow snap her out of her stupor he heard her whisper , `` what ? '' 
 grateful that he would n't have to touch her , he continued , `` there 's two years left on my term of office . 
 the mayor agrees that there 's no need to hire a stranger to fill the spot when you can do it . 
 you will have to hire someone to replace you and your shift , though . '' 
 bay simply shook her head , her loose black hair swinging and brushing over her shoulders . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked a little stronger , her normally smooth voice sounded raspy instead . 
 `` bay , you 'll make a good sheriff . 
 the people , they like you . 
 the guys , they respect you . 
 you 'll do fine . 
 if you run for the office when the term is up , i have no doubt you 'll win , easily . '' 
 tuck was startled when bay suddenly jumped to her feet and began to pace . 
 she had been so still that the sudden movement actually made him jump . 
 he made the mistake of watching her pace , watching that long , shapely body so skimpily dressed that , even when tight with anxiety , reminded him of something dark and dangerous . 
 she stopped as suddenly as she had started , turned to face him , slapping her hands on her hips and repeated , `` what ? '' 
 this time her voice reaching a level of shrill he never expected to hear from her . 
 tuck stood to face her , his already sharp-edged nerves fraying even more . 
 `` listen closely this time . 
 i 'm leaving miller springs . 
 i 'm leaving hill county . 
 i 'm going to little rock with clarice after the wedding . 
 you are taking my position as sheriff . '' 
 `` the hell ! '' 
 she erupted . 
 her black eyes snapped , her body quivering with anger and tension . 
 tuck felt his body respond more and tried to fight back . 
 he had to stay in control . 
 bay abruptly turned and faced a window , jerking back the curtain to stare out over the square . 
 he thought he heard her cursing in another language but could n't be sure . 
 as she stood there , her shoulders slumped , losing the tension . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked , not looking at him . 
 he could n't lie to her and yet he could n't answer the question , either . 
 his mind raced to find some sort of answer when she dropped the curtain and turned back to him . 
 bay leaned against the wall beside the window , crossing her arms under her breasts . 
 the movement pushed her breasts up and made tuck 's mouth water . 
 `` sheriff tucker adams does n't walk away from the job . '' 
 bay shook her head , her hair falling over her shoulders . 
 `` not even if clarice asked you to . 
 so what is it ? '' 
 it felt like her gaze was piercing right into his brain . 
 tuck felt the bead of sweat trickle down his back and was glad that he would never have to be interrogated by her . 
 yes , she would make an excellent sheriff , he had no doubts there . 
 the weight of the secret of clarice 's condition felt increasingly heavy . 
 but still he said nothing . 
 `` she would n't ask , but there 's no other reason why you 'd leave . 
 because you do n't walk away . 
 but you 're taking her , or she 's taking you , so it involves her . 
 it 's not for a job , because i did n't think anything could take clarice away from her kids . 
 little rock , big city , lots there . '' 
 her anxiety was making her speak in fragments , almost more to herself than to him . 
 tuck shifted uncomfortably and shoved his hands in his pockets . 
 if he did n't find a way to stop her soon , she 'd have it . 
 bay was sharp , sharper than even he had given her credit for . 
 `` look , i do n't need a reason ... '' `` yes , you do . '' 
 she interrupted . 
 `` and clarice is the reason . 
 i 'm just not sure why . '' 
 he glared at her . 
 she was n't going to give up . 
 `` look , i ca n't have rumors ... '' bay snapped to attention , her relaxed posture gone . 
 `` really ? 
 really , tuck ? '' 
 he could read the outrage quivering through her body at his suggestion that she might repeat anything he told her . 
 suddenly it was all too much . 
 the fear , the worry , the burden of it all fell on tuck in a solid lump . 
 raking his hands through his hair he turned and stalked over to the couch where he dropped down . 
 leaning his head back he let the despair roll over him . 
 he felt bay sit beside him on the couch . 
 without moving or opening his eyes he said , `` clarice has cancer . 
 they can treat her in little rock . 
 we have to go . '' 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 bay said softly . 
 `` you have n't told anyone have you ? '' 
 tuck shook his head . 
 `` tuck you ca n't do this alone . 
 you have to let someone help you . '' 
 he gave a rueful smile . 
 `` yeah . 
 you . 
 sheriff lopez . '' 
 bay snorted , dismissing his words . 
 `` i ca n't be sheriff . 
 i 've only been here a few months . '' 
 finally tuck looked at her . 
 she was n't sitting too close but he could still smell her , feel the heat from her . 
 it created a heat in him that while he did n't want , he could n't deny felt good . 
 `` think about it . 
 think about joby , think about dave . 
 can you picture either of them standing up to the mayor ? 
 picture them dealing with the politics of the job . 
 hiring someone . 
 think about it , bay . '' 
 she frowned and he could see her thinking over his words . 
 shaking her head she said , `` tuck , man , i want to help , i 'd do anything i could to help but geez , taking on as sheriff ? '' 
 she looked at him , her eyes full of worry . 
 `` i 'm not ready for that . '' 
 he was n't able to stop his hand . 
 he reached for her and took her hand in his before he could stop himself . 
 the electricity shot through him as it did every time he touched her . 
 he felt the involuntary shiver go through her . 
 `` i know you can do it . '' 
 she closed her eyes , her fingers tightening on his . 
 he heard her whispered curse as she sighed . 
 `` you play dirty , sheriff . '' 
 it felt good to hold her hand . 
 tuck had n't expected that . 
 the weird static tension between them still zinged along his nerve endings . 
 it made him feel alive , something he had n't felt since that day in preacher 's office . 
 had it really only a few short days ago ? 
 it felt like a lifetime ago . 
 he gently pulled away from bay and stood . 
 he needed to get out of here , away from her . 
 feeling alive was only allowed with clarice . 
 he started for the door and heard bay begin to follow . 
 and then all hell broke loose . 
 tuck heard her gasp , heard the sound of something heavy moving behind him . 
 he turned quickly , just in time to catch her as she fell into him . 
 she 'd tripped over something and now because he caught her , she was in his arms . 
 warm and firm . 
 her body was nothing like clarice 's . 
 her breasts pressed against him , full and round , he was much more aware of them than he should have been . 
 looking into her startled eyes , he could also see the quick flare of passion . 
 her breathing hitched and her fingers curled into his shirt . 
 his conscious mind fled . 
 tightening his arms around her , the connection between them , the electricity , the sexual tension , it all just exploded . 
 tuck saw her start to shake her head when he blocked everything out and covered her lips with his . 
 blinding stars flashed behind his closed eyes . 
 heat pulsed through him , he did n't know if it came from him or her . 
 never in his life had a woman affected him like this , just took over his mind and body leaving him nothing but feeling . 
 his hands searched her body , looking for each and every curve , pulling her harder against him . 
 he did n't know how it happened but suddenly he was pressed against her , her back to the wall , her legs wrapped around his waist . 
 they kissed , hands reaching and pulling , tugging at clothes . 
 all he could think was that he had to get closer , closer to her , he could n't get close enough . 
 her gasps and little moans only made him want her more . 
 her skin was so hot , his fingers tingled with the heat everywhere he touched . 
 she was so strong , so warm , so eager . 
 there was nothing gentle , nothing soothing , only the heat between them . 
 bay moved against him , clenched tight around him . 
 he was lost in her . 
 he buried himself in her , feeling nothing but her , hot and tight . 
 she was nearly screaming now , her body bucking against his . 
 their mating was wild and rough . 
 nothing existed but the two of them and the release they both sought . 
 when it came , it came hard . 
 the world went dark , there was nothing left but bay and the explosive , exquisite feelings shuddering through him . 
 his knees gave out and together they slid down the wall into a twisted heap of tangled arms and legs . 
 her hair wrapped around his fingers , her head on his shoulder , they gasped for air as their racing hearts beat as one . 
 several minutes later , when the cramp in his leg began to demand attention , tuck slowly came back to himself . 
 bay was still wrapped around him , one of her feet tucked under his butt causing that to start to cramp as well . 
 bay ... dear god he 'd just ... with bay . 
 slowly and carefully he began to try to untangle himself from her . 
 once she realized he was moving , she started to help him . 
 he saw as soon as the knowledge of what they 'd done hit her . 
 the tension was back immediately , but this time it was n't a pleasant tension . 
 it took some maneuvering separate from each other . 
 bay immediately grabbed her clothes from the floor and shot into the bathroom . 
 tuck jerked on his clothes and got out of the apartment as fast as he could . 
 shame and remorse filled him . 
 how could he face clarice now ? 
 she had so much to get through . 
 she needed him to be strong , not to fall into another woman 's arms . 
 cursing , he slammed into his truck and headed for home . 
 - 4 - bay lay in her loft bed watching the dawn break over the town . 
 even after being acting sheriff for a month , and consequently on day shift , it was still strange to sleep at night again . 
 she was still much more used to seeing dawn from inside a patrol car , not from her bed . 
 sifting and starting to move to get up and start her day , she paused as a sudden wave of nausea rose from her middle . 
 laying back , she laid a hand on her stomach . 
 the nausea seemed to flow away . 
 weird , she thought and started to rise again . 
 as soon as she sat up , it was back and hit in force . 
 racing down the narrow , steep stairs as fast as she dared , bay barely made it to the bathroom . 
 she wretched into the toilet , one hand holding her hair back , the other braced on the wall . 
 her stomach empty , she wet a cloth and wiped her face and rinsed her mouth with water . 
 her knees were still weak and she stepped back to slide down the wall . 
 sitting on the floor , she rested her head against her knees . 
 what the hell was this ? 
 she wondered . 
 thinking back over what she ate yesterday , trying to decide if maybe she had food poisoning . 
 bay was never sick . 
 she hated to be sick and so she refused to get sick . 
 she was healthy , strong , she simply did n't do sick . 
 her stomach quickly settled . 
 it seemed that whatever had made her sick was evidently now flushed away down the toilet . 
 after a shower , she felt fine . 
 in fact she weirdly felt good for having started off the day so dramatically . 
 shrugging it off to some strange quirk , bay went on about business . 
 after waking up for the fifth morning the exact same way , bay could no longer deny there was something wrong . 
 what was confusing her the most was that after heaving up her guts then taking a hot shower , she felt fine . 
 in fact mostly for the rest of the day she felt really good . 
 while this was most certainly not the way she wanted to start every morning , it was hard to admit that something might be wrong with her . 
 that morning when she swung into mamie 's diner for a quick breakfast , bay was surprised to find flossie sitting at a table alone . 
 grabbing a chair across from the woman , bay sat and reached to grab a melon ball from the little bowl in front of flossie . 
 she got the expected hand smack and pretended to be hurt . 
 `` what are you doing here so early ? 
 i never see you up and around this time of the day . '' 
 bay laughed . 
 `` just because you do n't see me do n't mean i 'm not up and around , as you say . '' 
 flossie groused back . 
 she picked up her coffee and looked at bay , then paused and studied bay 's face , a slight frown materializing . 
 but bay was looking around the diner , a frown deepening on her own face . 
 wrinkling her nose she asked , `` what is that smell ? 
 that is foul . '' 
 flossie carefully set down her coffee , her sharp eyes pinning bay back into her chair . 
 `` that 's bacon you smell . 
 same thing a body always smells here in mamie 's . '' 
 pushing her nearly empty plate aside , she clasped her hands on table top , her eyes never leaving bay 's face . 
 `` normally i mind my own business , but i got issues with this . '' 
 concern and a streak of fear went through bay . 
 `` issues ? '' 
 flossie was never at the diner in the mornings but here she was . 
 bay was terrified she was about to hear flossie say she was leaving her job , retiring , something she really did n't need right now . 
 she 'd just released the new midnight guy to patrol on his own but flossie ran the office , no way could she lose her now . 
 flossie 's lips tightened into a firm line . 
 `` i know plenty of women that raise a child on their own for one reason or another . 
 but you , you 're supposed to be better than that . 
 you got to be an example to all these young girls growing up and admiring you for being in a respected position like you are . '' 
 bay was at a complete loss . 
 she blinked at the older woman a couple of times before asking , `` what ? '' 
 a new fear skittered down her back , was flossie losing her mind ? 
 `` i really thought better of you bay lopez . 
 unless you got some real good reason why you 're carrying . 
 but really , if you 're being a surrogate or something that 's about the dumbest most irresponsible thing you could do . 
 might not be much crime around here but you should be thinking of all the possibilities . 
 you could get that baby hurt . '' 
 flossie started to gather her things to leave . 
 `` wait , wait , wait . '' 
 bay held up her hand to stop her from leaving , panic causing her heart to start to race . 
 `` flossie what are you talking about ? 
 are you feeling okay ? 
 do you need a doctor ? '' 
 her concern for flossie was through the roof now , fear starting to coat her insides with an icy cold . 
 flossie stopped and glared at bay . 
 `` are you going to try to deny you 're pregnant ? '' 
 bay went stock still . 
 the icy fear turned into a stunning cold of shock . 
 her body felt frozen , unable to move , her stomach rolled over and she momentarily wondered if she was going to hurl right there in the remains of flossie 's breakfast . 
 pregnant . 
 she frantically thought , searching for the knowledge of when her last period was . 
 with her normally tanned skin tone slowly leaching into a snow-white paleness , flossie sat and stared at her . 
 bay 's lips were stiff with shock , `` what ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 then had the memory of the last time she 'd asked that single word question of someone . 
 that memory of the heat , the passion , however brief it may have been was all the confirmation she needed . 
 when she nearly slid boneless onto the floor , flossie paused . 
 `` you did n't know ? '' 
 as bay shook her head , she watched flossie 's ire drain . 
 `` well . 
 now you do . '' 
 bay only nodded , her brain too overloaded for her to speak coherently . 
 flossie drummed her fingers on the table top . 
 `` you gon na ' tell me who 's the daddy ? '' 
 frantically bay shook her head no , pony tail swinging like mad . 
 fear once again shot through her at anyone having that knowledge . 
 `` alright . 
 i will apologize for the things i said . 
 i do n't normally jump to conclusions like that . '' 
 bay knew her eyes were nearly bugging out of her head . 
 flossie had just apologized . 
 there were way too many emotions and thoughts going through her , she just could n't keep up . 
 `` i can see now you did n't know . 
 it 's obvious you were n't expecting that to happen . '' 
 once again flossie 's mouth firmed up before she spoke again , `` there are options though . 
 not that i approve of them , but i could maybe understand the need . '' 
 options . 
 once bay realized what flossie meant , she immediately shut those thoughts down . 
 while she too could understand the need in an extreme situation , and in some ways this was an extreme situation , it was n't an option for her . 
 laying a hand over her flat stomach , she knew for certain that she was carrying tuck 's child and nothing would keep her from allowing harm to come to this child . 
 `` i. . . 
 uh . '' 
 she stopped and cleared her throat . 
 `` i 'm sorry flossie . 
 i really did n't know , did n't expect this at all . 
 i never thought ... '' obviously i did n't think . 
 bay took a deep breath , `` the only option is to figure out how to fit a baby into my apartment and a baby seat into the patrol car . '' 
 flossie leaned back in her chair and looked bay over . 
 it seemed that she came to some decision . 
 giving bay a brief nod , flossie went back to gathering her things . 
 `` if you need to know what all you gon na ' need , go see beth ann roberts . 
 she 's got two babies in diapers and can tell you anything you need to know . '' 
 while bay immediately dismissed the thought of going to anyone else for baby information , she also realized that she knew nothing about babies and certainly nothing about how to be a pregnant sheriff . 
 picturing herself with a bulging belly and taking down old drunk scotty brooks had her scooting from her chair and heading back to the office . 
 she had a budget to look at and a commission council to convince that she needed another officer . 
 the next weeks passed in a flurry for bay . 
 miraculously , she found a grant for small counties that paid for another police officer . 
 they qualified easily and the council had no qualms with approving it as it was hardly going to cost them anything . 
 now , she just had to hire someone to help once she was unable to work the streets . 
 she went back to fayetteville for the doctor 's appoint to confirm what she already knew . 
 she was pregnant . 
 at least she was able to give an exact date for conception ; information that her new doctor chuckled at . 
 thankfully , the morning sickness passed quickly . 
 bay decided that other than the smell of bacon making her nauseous , she actually felt great . 
 she 'd made adjustments to her work outs , but kept as active as she possibly could . 
 her biggest concern remained over how to explain becoming pregnant when she was n't even dating anyone . 
 she 'd had several amusing ideas on the matter , but even knowing time was running out and a response was going to be required , she had yet to come up with anything . 
 one day , joby had brought news of tuck and clarice from little rock and bay felt a sharp twinge of remorse . 
 while the man deserved to know about the baby , it sounded like clarice was n't doing so well and the last thing bay wanted to do was take his attention away from her . 
 luckily for her , she managed to make it over five months before the growing belly was undeniable . 
 surprisingly , there were n't many who questioned her on it . 
 not like she had expected . 
 when talking to joby about it , she found flossie was the reason . 
 the old grump had spread the word that sheriff lopez was pregnant and if anyone wanted the details to come ask her about it . 
 not surprisingly , no one was willing to ask flossie about bay 's pregnancy . 
 late one afternoon , bay was in her office working through a mound of paperwork when roy shouted for her . 
 roy never shouted and he never got excited , so after a momentary shock , bay bolted for the front desk . 
 the big man was hovered over the radio mic , scratching furiously on his dispatch log . 
 `` joby 's at the moore place . 
 vernon 's gone crazy . 
 he 's got his gun out and he 's shooting up the place . 
 melody 's on the phone hiding in the pantry . '' 
 roy looked up at her , his eyes worried . 
 `` he 's gon na ' find her bay . 
 he 's gon na ' kill her . '' 
 she clapped a hand on his shoulder . 
 `` not if i can help it . 
 call dave in . 
 it 's his day off and he should be awake . 
 do n't bother with cory , we 'll need him to work later . 
 then call the state . 
 the chances of them having anyone in the area are slim but try anyway . '' 
 turning to the map on the wall behind roy 's desk she pointed to it . 
 `` tell me where the moore 's are . '' 
 two minutes later , bay was running out of the building . 
 sliding into her suv , she flipped on the emergency lights and sirens and peeled out of the lot . 
 she kept an eagle eye out for the rubberneckers and gawkers to make sure no one stopped or slowed in front of her . 
 it was just so unusual for any of the officers to run code that instead of people moving out of the way , they would stop and stare instead . 
 the moore place was about as far from any of the towns as a person could get . 
 it was going to take her a solid twenty minutes to get there . 
 joby had taken refuge behind a barn , not daring to try to enter the house alone . 
 praying softly under her breath , she asked god to keep the deer and other wildlife away from the roads while she drove like a maniac and to keep a young girl from being found by her psycho father . 
 bay had n't had a lot of dealings with the moore 's . 
 the old man , vernon lived way out in the woods with only his daughter . 
 bay was n't even sure how old the girl was . 
 he did n't allow her to go to school , instead claiming her to be home schooled . 
 joby had said the man had been in one of the wars and come back `` messed up . '' 
 his wife had run off , but for some reason , left the girl behind . 
 she made the trip in sixteen minutes . 
 after some serious bouncing along the old rutted back roads , she promised her old suv an alignment if it would just hold together and get her there . 
 shutting down the siren and lights before turning into the drive , she pulled in and parked , blocking the drive from anyone leaving . 
 getting out of the vehicle , she opened the back and pulled out a bullet proof vest . 
 she was strapping it on , struggling to fit it over her round belly when joby appeared . 
 she could hear the gunshots and a man yelling from inside the house . 
 `` which are you more comfortable with , duty weapon or shotgun ? '' 
 joby stuttered before answering . 
 `` shotgun i guess . '' 
 jerking her head to the case secured inside the vehicle she said , `` grab it . '' 
 it was early winter and a little cool , but bay could clearly see the man sweating . 
 while he fumbled with the case to pull out the weapon and load it , bay took out her service weapon and flipped off the safety . 
 she paused and got joby 's attention . 
 `` are you going to be able to do this ? 
 tell me now . 
 can i trust you to follow me in there ? '' 
 joby swallowed hard , but nodded . 
 `` i 'm with you , sheriff . '' 
 bay stepped to the side and surveyed the yard . 
 it was overgrown and littered with trash , but for the most part , wide open . 
 there would be no shelter as soon as they stepped from behind the vehicle . 
 reaching in for the radio mic , she set it for speaker . 
 `` mr. moore this is the hill county sheriff . 
 i need you to lay down your weapon and come out of the house . '' 
 her voice projected loudly across the yard . 
 she saw the ragged curtain over a front window twitch . 
 a shadow behind the curtain spewed obscenities before the window exploded outward from a blast of rifle . 
 pursing her lips , she looked at joby . 
 `` that went well , do n't you think ? '' 
 he snorted out a laugh and they heard the distant sound of siren . 
 `` that 's either the state boys or dave . '' 
 `` better hope its state . 
 dave ca n't shoot the side of a barn . '' 
 `` thanks for that , joby . 
 that was just what i needed to hear . '' 
 bay glared at him . 
 `` any idea where this pantry is that melody is supposed to be hiding in ? '' 
 joby shook his head . 
 `` no one i know of has ever been in that house . '' 
 turning back , bay tried to talk to mr. moore again . 
 she got the same result , only this time he shot the front door , blowing it wide open . 
 she decided that was actually handy as now she had a line of sight into the house . 
 the approaching siren abruptly cut off and she turned to see dave turning in the drive , but was happier to see the state car right behind him . 
 she directed dave to park to the side and let the state guy do his thing . 
 dave was n't in uniform and she did n't care , he just got out of his car and pulled out his shotgun without even asking . 
 the state man introduced himself as trooper foster , a young lean man who never blinked at seeing a pregnant sheriff teamed with two older deputies . 
 after a quick discussion , it was obvious to bay that trooper foster considered himself the one in charge . 
 she let him . 
 she also let him take on mr. moore with joby and dave as back up while she circled the house looking for a back door with the hope of finding the girl . 
 trooper foster took her radio mic and she headed around the barn . 
 circling the yard was going to take her a few minutes as she had to go wide in order to stay behind cover . 
 the house was n't big and she thanked the stars when she saw there was a rickety back porch with a back door . 
 there was more shooting at the front of the house and she hoped like hell the trooper and her boys were okay and keeping the man occupied . 
 staying low had new meaning with her new belly , but bay managed to get to the back door . 
 a volley of shots sounded in the front so she took her chance . 
 opening the door she found a kitchen . 
 there was an archway into the front of the house , but a door that she hoped was the pantry to the side . 
 moving as quickly and quietly as possible , she moved to the door and knocked very softly . 
 `` melody , '' she whispered . 
 there was a quiet cry from inside . 
 `` come on , let me get you out of here . '' 
 the door slowly opened and bay found an older teen girl peeking out . 
 not saying anything , as it had suddenly become quiet in the house , she gestured to her , slowly moving back to give her room . 
 the two had just started across the kitchen when vernon appeared in the archway . 
 `` what the . . ? 
 who are you ? 
 get away from her ? '' 
 he raised his rifle and bay did n't think . 
 two shots later , vernon lay in a pool of spreading blood , two small holes in his forehead , her service gun warm in her hand . 
 the trooper , now much paler than he had been , raced through the house . 
 he came to a sudden halt at seeing the dead man , bay and the crying girl standing in the kitchen . 
 she quickly and efficiently removed the clip from her gun , secured it , and handed it to the trooper . 
 he looked confused . 
 bay sighed . 
 `` trooper foster , i have discharged my weapon , killing this armed individual . 
 you are the state 's man on scene . 
 i turn in my weapon to you until a full inquiry is complete . '' 
 `` you 'd think a fancy state guy would know that . '' 
 the ever quiet dave grumbled before leaving the house . 
 a quiet sob brought bay 's attention back to melody . 
 grabbing her hand she pulled the girl from the house out on to the back porch . 
 bay knew she could n't leave , not for a while yet , but she could get melody out of the house and away from the man on the floor . 
 they sat on the steps looking out into the trees beyond the house . 
 bay let the girl cry for a bit before speaking . 
 `` so . 
 talk to me . 
 tell me what happened . '' 
 melody sniffled . 
 `` he just went crazy . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what set him off ? '' 
 bay kept her voice calm and quiet . 
 the girl shuddered hard . 
 `` the baby died , '' she whispered . 
 an uneasy feeling started to make its way up bay 's back . 
 `` who 's baby ? '' 
 melody stared at the distant tree line . 
 `` mine . 
 he made me bury her out there . '' 
 reaching for melody 's hand , bay grasped it tightly . 
 `` who was the baby 's father ? '' 
 soft green eyes swimming in tears looked at bay . 
 with a small jerk of her head back at the house she said , `` his . '' 
 bay took a deep , calming breath to make sure she could keep her voice calm , even though her heart was breaking over this girl 's pain . 
 `` how long 's he been using you ? '' 
 `` since mama left . '' 
 melody looked back at the trees . 
 `` he said it was my duty since she was gone . '' 
 rage filled bay and it took all she had not to blow her top and go take a few kicks at the dead body behind her . 
 taking a minute before speaking again she asked , `` how many babies have you buried out there ? '' 
 `` two . '' 
 they heard the footsteps of someone coming around the side of the house . 
 bay looked over at joby . 
 `` coroner 's on his way . 
 so 's the little trooper 's sergeant , as it seems he does n't know what to do now . '' 
 `` i do love me the state guys . '' 
 bay said sarcastically . 
 she gave a little jerk of her head to get joby to leave her alone with melody again . 
 `` how old are you melody ? '' 
 `` nineteen . 
 daddy said he was gon na ' let me get a job this next year but i did n't believe him . 
 he never let me go anywhere . '' 
 `` do you have any other family ? '' 
 melody shook her head . 
 `` not that i know of . '' 
 she looked at bay again and licked her lips nervously . 
 `` can i tell you something and you not arrest me ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 you can tell me anything you want . 
 no one is arresting you , not today and not for anything you 've done before today '' `` mama did n't leave . 
 she 's buried out there too . 
 with my babies . '' 
 bay could n't say she was shocked . 
 `` did he kill her ? '' 
 melody shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it happened while i was at school . 
 the last day i ever went . 
 i came home and he told me she was dead and made me help him dig the grave . 
 she was all wrapped up in a sheet so i never saw her , really . '' 
 the sound of a vehicle pulling up brought bay to her feet . 
 `` come on , sit in my patrol car . '' 
 melody followed without a sound . 
 vehicles soon flooded the place . 
 the coroner , which was also the local funeral director , more state patrol cars and the beginnings of the curious . 
 bay got to work assigning joby and dave crowd control , shot orders to everyone standing around . 
 bay found sgt. mccormick much more knowledgeable than trooper foster . 
 in minutes her report had been given , she learned about the exchange of gunfire between the deceased and her deputies . 
 sgt. mccormick decided it best to let her handle any investigation on weapons used by her department as none made contact with moore , and took possession of her weapon himself . 
 he assured her that she 'd have it back as soon as he could manage it . 
 over an hour had passed before all that was left was the hill county sheriff department . 
 there was no way to secure the house with the windows and door shot out , but since bay was n't going to allow melody to stay there anyway , she did n't think it would matter . 
 in the hour of barking orders , answering questions and the baby inside her playing soccer on her bladder , she come up with an idea . 
 opening the door to her vehicle where melody still sat , she looked at the girl . 
 her long brown hair was tangled but looked clean , her clothes were faded , patched and ill fitting but also mostly clean . 
 `` got any plans now ? 
 where to go , what to do ? '' 
 melody only shook her head . 
 she looked blankly around the yard . 
 `` there 's no where to go . '' 
 she turned to look at bay . 
 `` i do n't want to go back in there , '' her voice quivered . 
 bay leaned against the side of the suv , her belly still fairly small but sticking out prominently . 
 `` so you 've had babies . 
 how long did you get to take care of them ? '' 
 `` daisy would have been a year old in a few weeks . 
 the other one , she died right away . '' 
 a tear slid down melody 's face . 
 bay laid a hand on the girl 's knee . 
 `` no one should have gone through what you have . 
 not at your age and not alone . 
 but now you have a choice . 
 you can let this life swallow you up or you can rise above it and stand on your own . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 turning to face her , bay wanted melody 's full attention . 
 `` i 'll be hatching out my own egg here in a few more months . 
 i 've never had baby . 
 i have no idea what to do with a baby . 
 i 'm the sheriff , i ca n't exactly take the baby to work with me . '' 
 a small smile fluttered around melody 's lips . 
 for some reason , bay trusted the girl , despite all that she 'd been through . 
 some would think it impulsive , but she always trusted her gut . 
 `` i live in an apartment over the hardware store . 
 it 's got this weird little apartment right next to mine that i pay for but have no use for . 
 it wo n't be much , but see i 'm going to need someone to take care of this kid while i 'm at work . '' 
 she waited while the words took root in melody . 
 a fearful sort of hope began to bloom in the pretty green eyes . 
 `` you would let me live there and take care of your baby ? '' 
 `` i ca n't pay you much . 
 but i already pay for the place and the utilities are all on me too . 
 there is one requirement though . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 melody whispered , holding her breath . 
 `` there are ged classes two nights a week at the courthouse . 
 you 'd have to go them . 
 and get your diploma . '' 
 a choked sort of laugh escaped from melody . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 that 's all ? '' 
 bay tried to look serious and only nodded . 
 inside she was doing cartwheels at the thought that her idea was going to work . 
 this girl needed a chance to live and maybe , just maybe she could help her do so . 
 `` some days will have long hours . 
 you 'll be stuck alone with a baby all day . '' 
 `` that 's okay ! 
 i love babies ! '' 
 she burst out . 
 bay saw the girl have some sort of thought that made her stop . 
 melody bit her lip before tentatively asking , `` do you ... do you think that maybe someday , i mean after your baby is grown and does n't need me anymore , that maybe ... i could go to college ? 
 be a teacher ? 
 or something ? '' 
 bay felt the `` click '' inside her that told her this girl was going to be okay . 
 nodding she smiled . 
 `` of course . 
 after getting your ged we can start you off at the college extension that has classes at the courthouse . '' 
 melody looked confused and bay realized that she probably did n't know what a college extension was . 
 there would be time for that later though . 
 jerking her head at the house she asked , `` is there anything you want from in there ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 melody said immediately but then paused . 
 `` well , wait there is one thing . 
 if you would n't mind . '' 
 `` anything you want you can have . 
 if you do n't want to go in just tell me and i 'll get it . '' 
 squaring her shoulders melody stood from the truck . 
 `` i can get it . 
 i need to go get it . '' 
 bay stepped back and let her go . 
 later at the apartment , melody stood in stunned silence when bay showed her the tiny space . 
 before she could worry that melody would freak over the small apartment , the girl flung her arms around bay and hugged her tight . 
 `` this is mine ? 
 all mine ? '' 
 pulling back , bay nodded . 
 `` i told you it was small . 
 but yeah , it 's all yours . 
 you can sleep on my couch next door until we get you a bed . '' 
 melody actually looked disappointed at not getting to stay in her own place , but was wise enough to know that the bare apartment would be pretty uncomfortable . 
 bay was determined to have the place outfitted at least with the basics as fast as she could . 
 if she knew one thing about the town of miller springs , it was that the people looked out for each other and that melody would soon have more `` family '' than she knew what to do with . 
 - 5 - tuck sat on the edge of the bed holding clarice 's frail , cold hand . 
 it seemed that no matter what he did , she was never warm enough , never completely comfortable . 
 `` you should have stayed in the hospital . '' 
 he felt her sigh . 
 `` i want to be in my home when i die , not some cold hospital . 
 please , tuck , you promised me . '' 
 the beautiful blue eyes that used to be so warm were now dim shadows in her thin face . 
 the luster was gone , replaced with a distance that he simply could n't breach . 
 she 'd given up . 
 the treatments had n't worked and she was home only to die . 
 the knot in his throat would n't let him speak so he only nodded . 
 `` you should go see bay . 
 see if you can get back on the force . '' 
 tuck nodded again . 
 he 'd go see bay but not to ask for a job . 
 no one knew better than he that there was no job for him with the hill county sheriff department . 
 four men was all the budget could handle . 
 at the sound of the doorbell , he left clarice to answer it . 
 soon , the house was cluttered with chattering women there to care for clarice and keep her company . 
 it was what she wanted . 
 to spend the time she had surrounded by friends and family . 
 tuck left them to it . 
 for a while in little rock things had been good . 
 he and clarice were happy , her treatments were going well and life was okay . 
 but then she started getting tired . 
 more tired than she should have . 
 the doctors ran more tests and the results seemed to take the life right out of clarice . 
 sometimes tuck wondered if it took his , too . 
 he 'd spent so much of his life alone that when he married clarice , it seemed he 'd gained new life , new hope for a future with someone at his side . 
 so quickly , it had all turned dark and dim . 
 a heavy cloud settled over him and it seemed to be there to stay . 
 he 'd had clarice for such a short time , and now he was looking at being alone once more . 
 he made the rounds that morning ; the church , the funeral home , the attorney that handled his affairs . 
 each place he left his mood darkened even more if it was possible . 
 tuck was feeling low and mean by the time he reached the sheriff 's office . 
 as he stared at the familiar building , he wondered why he was even there . 
 he knew there was no job here ; his only hope was to wait until the next election over a year away to try to get back in . 
 with a heavy sigh , he shoved out of his truck and in through the front door . 
 seeing roy sitting in his usual spot with the same slouch and hang dog look on his face was best thing tuck had seen in months . 
 `` hey , you old miserable son of a gun , '' he said by way of greeting . 
 roy looked up , a smile lifting the corners of his mouth before he remembered why tuck was back . 
 the two men exchanged greetings and handshakes but the atmosphere was subdued . 
 tuck was starting to get tired of the depression everywhere he went , this was his place and he did n't want this feeling to be here as well . 
 `` sheriff around ? '' 
 `` in the back . '' 
 roy jerked his head toward the jail area . 
 tuck headed around the desk and could n't stop himself from peeking into his old office . 
 it looked exactly the same as if he had just left it yesterday . 
 he found that a little strange as he 'd assumed bay would have made some changes . 
 with a shrug he continued to the back . 
 as soon as he saw her , the electricity zapped through the air . 
 with a rueful grin , he thought to himself that at least that part had n't changed . 
 she stood with her back to him , leaning against the counter . 
 her long black hair , in its usual pony tail , seemed longer than it had been a few months ago . 
 he saw her stiffen suddenly . 
 keeping her body mostly turned away from him , she looked over her shoulder at him . 
 tuck could see the quick surprise as well as the tension that sprang into her eyes . 
 wondering about it , he walked closer and leaned against the counter as well . 
 `` hey . 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 bay took her time answering . 
 she seemed to be studying his face for something before she finally nodded . 
 `` all 's good . 
 how long you been back ? '' 
 `` got in last night . '' 
 `` clarice ? '' 
 her voice held many questions in the single word . 
 tuck looked toward the empty jail cells to gather his thoughts . 
 `` she 's out of time . '' 
 he managed that much before his throat closed up as it did when he tried to talk about his wife . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 bay started and then stopped . 
 she turned back away from him . 
 he appreciated that she did n't try to placate him , offer sympathy . 
 he got that everywhere he went and frankly it was getting old . 
 `` so uh , i know it 's pointless to ask , but got any openings for an officer ? '' 
 bay surprised him by snorting out a laugh . 
 `` well , actually i just closed the application deadline for a new officer yesterday . 
 but for you i think i could make an exception and let you sneak one in . '' 
 frowning tuck asked the back of her head , `` did someone leave ? 
 how do you have an opening ? '' 
 `` got a grant . 
 took a little longer to get all the red tape cleared than i wanted , but we 've got the green light to hire . 
 i got ta ' get someone going asap . '' 
 more confused than ever tuck wondered , `` why ? 
 what 's the rush ? '' 
 he saw bay square her shoulders and stand up straight . 
 she finally turned to face him . 
 now he was completely confused when he saw she 'd shoved a ball under her shirt . 
 what the hell was she up to ? 
 at a loss he only looked at her , with the question clearly on his face . 
 bay simply laid a hand on the bulge under her shirt . 
 it hit him with the force of a sledge hammer . 
 baby . 
 that 's not a ball , it 's a baby . 
 his eyes jerked up to hers and it was all he needed to see . 
 immediately the memory of their encounter , the blast of heat that filled him and he knew . 
 shaking his head he slowly backed away . 
 `` no . '' 
 this was n't possible , this was n't happening , tuck could n't breathe , he had to get out , get away . 
 he saw the acceptance in bay 's eyes , saw her nod and give a small sad smile before turning away . 
 she walked around him , headed back to her office , leaving him standing there gasping for air . 
 he stumbled for the back door , desperate to get outside . 
 as soon as he did , he gulped in great breaths of air until he was nearly lightheaded . 
 slumping back against the side of the building , his mind a raging whirl of thoughts , denials and pure panic . 
 the memories rolled over him like a steamroller , leaving him no time to breathe . 
 his mother , her own bulging belly , the brief span of happiness . 
 the delicate pink baby with her little fluff of hair he had found so fascinating . 
 so quickly it had changed . 
 the fighting , the anger , the accusations , the baby 's fearful crying ; it had all started again . 
 he only wanted to comfort her , stop her crying , make her feel better . 
 but his hands were too big , she was too small and the fighting this time was too violent . 
 he remembered seeing his mother in a pool of blood on the floor ; his father standing over her , still raging at her . 
 tuck had to keep the baby quiet , could n't let daddy turn the anger onto her . 
 he had done his best to keep her quiet . 
 when she had been still for too long , no more wiggles , no more struggles , he had n't understood . 
 when his father turned to him , never in his life had he felt such fear . 
 suddenly a shadow fell over him bringing him back to the present . 
 he looked up to find flossie standing there , a harshly disapproving look on face . 
 she put her hands on her ample hips and looked him up and down . 
 `` well you just confirmed that suspicion . 
 at least she did n't pass out when she figured it out . 
 big man , you are . '' 
 the sneer and contempt in her voice surprised tuck enough to cut through the fear . 
 `` but ... what ... ? 
 oh god . '' 
 tuck was totally afraid that he really was going to pass out , right at flossie 's feet . 
 the sudden heavy smack of flossie 's huge purse up against tuck 's shoulder nearly knocked him on his ass . 
 `` get it together man . 
 you 're an embarrassment to men everywhere . 
 you 're wife is dying and another woman is having your baby . '' 
 tuck felt his stomach drop to the ground . 
 `` oh sh - '' another slam of flossie 's purse knocked tuck a few steps to the side . 
 `` do n't you curse in front of me , tucker adams . 
 i thought better of you . 
 thought you were a man of honor . 
 guess i was wrong . '' 
 flossie sailed into the building leaving him speechless . 
 tuck started slowly walking around the parking lot . 
 his thoughts racing , he fought to calm down and think clearly . 
 taking long deep breaths , pacing and staring up at the early summer sky tuck forced himself begin to settle . 
 as long as he kept away the memory of how bay 's baby was made , he found he could think . 
 those thoughts , though , of the heat and the frantic release , that had to be kept in the box . 
 at least for now . 
 bay was pregnant . 
 with his child . 
 the enormity of that alone was nearly more than he could handle . 
 never , ever , had he wanted a child but the lack and thought of protection had created one anyway . 
 there was no denying it . 
 clarice was dying . 
 she needed him . 
 she needed him strong and whole and able to handle her death . 
 forcing himself to think , he quickly considered the time frame . 
 bay was only about six months along . 
 the doctors had said clarice had only about a month . 
 scrubbing his face with his hands , he turned to find joby standing and watching him . 
 it took only one look at his old friend 's face to see the disappointment , the near contempt . 
 tuck shook his head . 
 how the hell had things gone so wrong , gotten so messed up ? 
 walking toward joby , tuck felt like the lowest scum of the earth . 
 facing his friend , he could only say , `` i did n't know . '' 
 joby paused before answering . 
 `` i figured . 
 was n't positive it was you until i saw you out here . '' 
 anger started to chase away the disappointment from joby 's face . 
 `` how could you do that to clarice ? 
 that sweet woman . 
 she 's sick and you go and - '' joby bit off his words and turned away . 
 tuck had never seen him this angry , this upset . 
 with a deep sigh he the words broke like a dam overflowing , `` i know . 
 i had just found out about her cancer . 
 i was upset , freaked out . 
 i was stupid . 
 i took advantage of bay . 
 i needed comfort and she was there . 
 but i ca n't change it , no matter how much i might want to . '' 
 the big man considered for a bit . 
 `` i guess . 
 i ca n't excuse it like that . 
 it 's what you do now that makes a difference . '' 
 a surprised laugh escaped from tuck . 
 `` do ? 
 what i do ? 
 man , i 'm so confused and freaked out right now i have no idea what to do . '' 
 joby smiled a little . 
 `` good . '' 
 he jerked a thumb toward the building , `` that little woman in there , she 's been amazing . 
 she 's more man than damn near any man i ever known . 
 you could learn a few things from her . '' 
 he slapped tuck on the shoulder and headed inside to go to work . 
 when bay came out a few minutes later , the sight of her pregnant belly was still a punch to his gut . 
 bracing himself against the shock , he approached her . 
 `` look - '' bay held out her hand and stopped him . 
 `` i did n't tell you . 
 i could have . 
 but i made the decision not to because of clarice 's illness . 
 by the time i heard you were coming back , it was too late to try to contact you to give you a head 's up . 
 if that was the wrong decision , then i 'll take full responsibility . '' 
 well , that took the wind out of his sails . 
 everything tuck had just prepared to say scattered like leaves in the wind . 
 he attempted to regroup . 
 `` uh . 
 well . 
 right now , i really do n't know how i feel about it but that probably was a good decision . 
 but i 'm not sure . 
 um . 
 i hate to ask but , does anyone know that i 'm ... you know . '' 
 `` the father ? '' 
 bay smiled gently . 
 `` i have n't told a soul anything . 
 flossie , she figured it out ... ca n't get anything past that woman . 
 i know there are rumors but everyone here has managed to keep them from me . 
 so honestly , i have no idea what people really think . '' 
 a small trickle of relief wormed its way through the panic and fear . 
 the mental picture of all the chattering women he 'd left with clarice made him shudder to think of the rumors and stories she 'd been told today . 
 he 'd have to decide and figure out how to tell her at some point and that left him shaky with a different kind of fear . 
 tuck found himself staring at the round ball shape sticking out in front of bay 's body . 
 he had a child . 
 there was a baby in there , his baby . 
 some sort of weird warmth tickled the back of his neck at the thought . 
 `` do you need ... anything ? '' 
 bay tilted her head to the side and studied him a bit . 
 `` nope . 
 there is absolutely nothing you need to do other than take care of clarice , okay ? '' 
 her voice was firm enough to draw his attention from her belly . 
 frowning he started again , `` but - '' again she held up her hand cutting him off . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 there was a snap in her black eyes to back up the terseness of the word . 
 `` look , were you serious about the job ? '' 
 the fast change in subjects made him pause . 
 `` what ? 
 oh the job . 
 yeah . 
 i need a job . '' 
 `` well , the pay wo n't be what you were making , and i made an agreement with the school that whoever i hired would do some safety training there . 
 preparedness stuff . 
 if you 're really interested then i 'll toss off the other applicants and give it to you . '' 
 `` you mean go into the school ? 
 train the teachers ? 
 for what ? 
 what kind of safety ? '' 
 `` as in , preparedness like for school intruders , kids that go nuts , that sort of thing . '' 
 bay smiled . 
 `` you see , i 'm going to be off work for a while in a few months . 
 so whoever i hire will have to cover my shifts . 
 that will happen this summer . 
 maybe by the time school starts up again this fall , i 'll be able to handle that part and the person i hire can cover shifts while i do . '' 
 `` you know , i could probably handle that better . 
 i do remember you had the training in that area . 
 i 've only read articles and stuff on it . 
 seemed like something we did n't really need here . '' 
 `` well , the school board feels differently . 
 in fact , they really liked the idea . 
 so , they actually sweetened the grant pot a little to have an officer that worked more closely with the school . '' 
 tuck frowned . 
 `` oh . '' 
 when he was sheriff it never occurred to him to worry about school shootings , intruders or anything like that . 
 a little niggle of jealousy that maybe bay was turning into a better sheriff than he had been pricked at him . 
 `` so , do you want the job or not ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 yes . 
 uh we 'll work out the school stuff . '' 
 his attempt to be casual and not at all concerned with dealing with children did n't escape notice . 
 bay smiled and immediately the hairs on tuck 's arms stood up and took notice . 
 he silently cursed the weird electric connection between them . 
 `` i need to get home . 
 come in tomorrow morning and i 'll get you a bright , shiny , new badge . 
 oh and , there 's a special council meeting just to swear in the new officer on thursday so you do n't have to wait too long . '' 
 she turned and climbed into her suv , still moving with a smooth grace even with the new body that should have been awkward . 
 his brain on overload , tuck went to mamie 's diner to grab some dinner for him and clarice before heading home . 
 he decided to say nothing of the baby unless clarice did first . 
 it seemed the safest way to go for now . 
 upon reaching home , he found there were still a few cars parked around . 
 his gut clenched at having to try to clean out his own home of a bunch of women trying to help clarice . 
 but he needed some peace and he needed to be alone with his wife . 
 carrying the bag of take-out food , he pushed through the door . 
 he was greeted by two women standing in the kitchen cooking something that smelled wonderful on the stove . 
 one broke away to take the bag from him , tucking the food away in the fridge . 
 in few short minutes he found himself seated at an old card table and shaky chair set up next to bed in the bedroom . 
 another woman was fussing around clarice , tucking pillows around her so that she could sit up better . 
 the women served the hot meal and the quietly and quickly disappeared , leaving him and clarice alone . 
 tuck sat staring at the food and then at clarice , slightly confused as to how the women had moved so quickly and efficiently . 
 they ate with little conversation , clarice only picking at her food . 
 as tuck was clearing up the dishes , she slid into sleep . 
 he took a moment to shift her to a more comfortable position in the bed , tucking the blankets around her and even placing another over her legs to try to help her stay warm . 
 the women had left the kitchen spotless and he felt bad about leaving dirty dishes in around , so tuck washed up and put everything away . 
 he grabbed a beer out of the fridge and took it out on the back porch . 
 he did n't drink often , but tonight , he needed something to help him relax . 
 staring up at the darkening sky , tuck leaned back in an old , wooden rocker he had there and thought back over the day . 
 it had been an interesting one , that was for sure . 
 his life with clarice was going to be over before it ever even got started . 
 it was n't fair and it made him angry when he thought about it . 
 he was a man who liked to be in control of his world , his life , and in this area he had absolutely none . 
 it was infuriating to him . 
 bay was going to have his child . 
 that still rocked him to the core . 
 one time , just one time when he did n't think and the one thing he never wanted to happen , happened . 
 again , there was nothing he could do to control the situation , not now , not at this point . 
 tuck desperately did n't want to let go of clarice . 
 he wanted their life , their home ; he wanted everything that was being denied to them . 
 on the other hand , if she ever found out the truth about this baby , it would shatter her even more than the cancer had . 
 he sat there , drinking his beer and thinking until late into the night . 
 no answers came to him , only more questions , more worries , more concerns . 
 when he finally dragged himself back in to go to bed , he discovered that he could n't bring himself to disturb clarice , and so grabbing a pillow and blanket , sacked out on the couch instead . 
 over the next couple of weeks , they both managed to find a bit of routine . 
 women would show up at his door just as he was leaving for work and there 'd always be two or three there when he got home . 
 slowly clarice relaxed , and let herself be cared for by these women , friends , family and co-workers that she 'd grown up with . 
 tuck worked the day shift with bay . 
 she took the office work and he the streets . 
 he was surprised to find that he really liked the arrangement . 
 the only paperwork he had to deal with was his own reports , and yet he was still out and about in the community just as he always was . 
 he discovered bay to be a fair and competent sheriff , just as he knew she would be , but she was also an intuitive and commanding leader of her employees . 
 when he met the new guy , cory , tuck immediately felt the man too young and too enthusiastic for a job in such a small department . 
 but bay was firm yet gentle in her guidance and soon , tuck realized the man was just what the department needed : fresh , young blood . 
 tuck also found out that the young man was more than a little in love with sheriff bay and an immediate streak of jealousy shocked the hell out of him . 
 his chemical reaction to bay had n't changed at all , not even with her being pregnant . 
 anytime he was around her , the tingling up and down his entire body set him on edge . 
 they would go to lunch together a couple times a week , and tuck felt it was a near torture to endure . 
 deep inside he remembered her heat and fought the desire to taste her once again . 
 they were sitting in mamie 's when an unfamiliar young woman tentatively came over and looked to bay . 
 `` bay , can i talk to you a minute ? '' 
 `` sure melody what 's up ? '' 
 bay sat down her sandwich and gave the girl all her attention . 
 the girl gave an embarrassed look towards tuck but then held out a piece of paper to bay . 
 `` got a 98 % on my history test . '' 
 her face turned a bright pink and she nervously bit her lip , continuing she said , `` i did it . '' 
 bay surprised tuck so bad he gave a little jump himself when she let out a loud `` whoop '' and jumped from her chair , grabbing the girl and giving her a big hug . 
 he noticed that while several other diners looked on with big smiles , no one seemed to find the behavior strange . 
 he watched as the two hugged and bay leaned back to take the girl 's face in her hands . 
 `` i 'll make the appointment as soon as i 'm back in the office . '' 
 the girl 's eyes went wide . 
 `` really ? '' 
 the smile on her face was so huge and beautiful , tuck could only stare . 
 `` really . '' 
 bay gathered the girl 's long hair in her hands and held it up . 
 `` it 's gone , as much or as little as you want . 
 this is for you mel . 
 your choices all the way and no one else 's . '' 
 with a quick clap of her hands , and a little jiggling dance , the girl announced , `` i got ta ' go tell cherie ! 
 bye , i 'll see you at home , do n't work too late . '' 
 she spun and started for the diner but did n't get far before others had stopped her and congratulated her so that it took a few minutes before she finally managed to leave . 
 bay had sat back down and watched with pride as the girl spoke to each person in turn . 
 she had a huge grin on her face when she finally looked back at tuck to see the confusion written all over his face . 
 jerking her head toward the girl she said , `` melody moore . 
 no one knew her really except for a few school friends from years ago . 
 now she 's about to finish up her ged and has plans to start a college class or two . 
 she 's amazing . 
 and after a spa day and haircut in fayetteville you really wo n't recognize her . '' 
 frowning , tuck leaned forward , `` melody moore ? 
 who 's that ? '' 
 `` vernon moore 's daughter . '' 
 the light dimmed in bay 's eyes as she remembered the day . 
 quietly she retold the story she 'd had to tell several times over by now . 
 she watched tuck 's face and saw the range of emotions and found them more interesting than the story she told . 
 `` anyway , i told her that if she got better than a 90 % on this test i 'd treat her to a spa day at that new place in fayetteville . 
 so , looks like you 'll have to cover for me one day soon . '' 
 it was quiet for a bit after bay finished . 
 tuck leaned forward , a dark frown on his face . 
 `` i never knew it was that bad . 
 had no idea the girl was still out there . 
 someone said he 'd shipped her off to family somewhere else . '' 
 bay read the anger as well as the pain in his face . 
 `` if i 'd known she 'd been out there alone with him ... '' `` no one knew for sure . 
 it 's not your fault . 
 and besides , it 's done now . 
 she 's with me , she 's in school and she 's gon na ' care for this one for me when he gets here . 
 hell she takes care of me like a momma lion with a cub . 
 ca n't hardly do anything at home these days that she 's not fussing at me . '' 
 she rubbed her round belly , bringing his attention to it . 
 `` what do mean ? 
 babysit ? '' 
 `` more like a nanny really . 
 with us practically living together , she 's right there . 
 she 's even got two nurseries set up , one on her side and one on mine . 
 melody 's an incredible girl ; she 's going to be just fine . '' 
 `` i had n't even thought ... '' tuck rubbed his forehead . 
 `` well , do n't think . '' 
 bay 's voice hardened . 
 `` this is my kid . 
 my responsibility . 
 i have everything taken care of . '' 
 she rose and headed for the register . 
 tuck watched her chat with old connie behind the counter as she settled her bill . 
 when connie argued with bay for a minute before waving a hand in the air , he smiled and watched . 
 with bay continuing to protest , connie scooped up a piece of fresh apple cake and plopped it in a to-go container . 
 completely ignoring bay , connie handed it to her and shooed her out the door . 
 with a silent chuckle , he rose to take care of his own bill . 
 some things in the town would never change , and that made him feel more at home than anything else had so far . 
 clarice 's funeral was ironically scheduled for the last day school for that school year . 
 after repeated requests from people in the community , tuck set the time for just after school let out for the day . 
 the school administrators worked with the parents and teachers , and so it turned into the largest funeral the county had seen in the history that anyone could remember . 
 it did n't soften the blow to tuck 's heart . 
 while he had accepted clarice 's fate , he had no idea that the reality would hurt so much . 
 he 'd found her when he 'd gone in to wake her for the day . 
 it had become a quiet , special time for the two of them , those early mornings . 
 it was the only time they took for tuck to hold her as they talked and shared local news and gossip . 
 he knew as soon as he saw her face that she was at peace . 
 his first thought was that she looked like an angel , all soft and blond and beautiful . 
 it did n't comfort him that she 'd feel no more pain ; that she 'd only been waiting for it to come for the last week or so . 
 nothing comforted him , it seemed . 
 there was only a cold darkness in the area around his heart and it did n't seem to be in any hurry to go away . 
 all around him , people wept but claimed that it was for the best for clarice . 
 tuck did n't understand that . 
 the best for her would have been to stay with him forever , to be his wife as she 'd wanted for so long . 
 his anger was nearly overwhelming and he wondered if he 'd ever feel anything else . 
 the end of may was warm and green . 
 flowers bloomed profusely everywhere he went . 
 nature was growing , thriving while he dealt with placing his beloved in the cold , dark ground . 
 all he really wanted to do was to run , to go , to scream , to beat the life out of something , anything , as long as it would relieve the depression and anger . 
 the ceremony was long and draining . 
 tuck just wanted it over . 
 it seemed a thousand people came up to speak to him , to offer condolences . 
 he spoke when forced to , out of politeness , clenching his teeth against the impatience , the anger . 
 it seemed they would never stop coming . 
 finally , everyone began to clear away , but he remained unable to move from the chair . 
 sitting alone next to the pretty , gold colored casket he 'd picked out just for her because it reminded him of her pretty , golden hair . 
 he sat in a hard , metal chair , under a large canopy , the ground covered with a fake , green-grass outdoor carpeting that annoyed him . 
 when he felt someone sit beside him he nearly groaned in frustration , why could n't they just leave me alone ? 
 `` most beautiful funeral i ever seen . '' 
 flossie said quietly . 
 tuck closed his eyes in remorse for his mean thoughts toward whoever had sat next to him . 
 flossie did n't deserve his ire . 
 she 'd been a rock for him , chasing off all the well wishers that visited his house every night . 
 it seemed she was the only one who understood his desire to be alone . 
 `` sheriff bay lopez says you 're not to return to work for at least another week . 
 i say that 's hogwash . 
 she 's too close to her time to be working alone . 
 so i say you need to get yourself together and get back to work . '' 
 the laugh that burst from tuck surprised him . 
 he had n't known he could laugh , not at anything . 
 `` i 'll need a few more days at least flossie , sorry for that . 
 i ca n't live in that house , i got to find a new one . '' 
 they sat in silence for a bit before flossie spoke again . 
 `` old man baker has a rent house open over by the football field . 
 no one stays there for long cuz of the noise . 
 do n't figure there will be any games until this fall though . '' 
 `` that little yellow one ? 
 where that fat stinky guy used to live ? 
 what was his name ? 
 donald ? 
 donaldson ? '' 
 flossie smacked him lightly on the arm . 
 `` that 's no way to talk about a man with a condition . 
 but yes , that 's the house . 
 it was mr. arnold donald . 
 nice man , he just had an unfortunate odor . '' 
 `` arnold donald , that 's it . 
 unfortunate name as well . 
 whatever happened to him ? '' 
 it was quiet again . 
 finally flossie gave a sniff and shifted in her chair . 
 `` he died . '' 
 tuck dropped his head , `` in the house , did n't he ? '' 
 `` i know for a fact that mr. baker hired that cleaning crew from collinsville and they do a right good job . 
 so do n't you even think of using that for an excuse , tucker adams . '' 
 he looked over at the older woman and smiled . 
 `` yes ` mam . 
 i 'll call mr. baker when i get back home . '' 
 flossie gave a sharp nod before standing . 
 `` got ta be going myself . 
 you do n't stay here too long now . 
 these men got a job to do and you do n't need to stand in their way . '' 
 she nodded toward the funeral home owners that were talking quietly to each other over by the hearse that had brought clarice to the cemetery . 
 after flossie left , tuck stood and moved toward the casket . 
 he laid a hand on the top and said a quiet , final goodbye to the only woman he had ever loved . 
 as he walked toward his pick-up truck , the birds were singing , the sun warm on his face . 
 his mind began to fill with all the details he needed to take care of in the coming days . 
 with one last lingering look back , he left the cemetery to start life over without his clarice . 
 - 6 - it was the fourth of july and in bay 's opinion , hotter than the depths of hell . 
 flossie assured her it was only because she was pregnant and felt the heat more than normal people . 
 flossie liked to tell the scariest old wives tales she could think of , or in bay 's opinion , make up , about pregnant women . 
 bay had made a promise and would have happily sworn to in blood that she would never ever have sex again and risk getting pregnant again . 
 this was hell , had to be , because it was so damn hot . 
 feeling as mean as a cat that had its tail stepped on , she sat in her air conditioned office with a small desk fan blowing straight on her face and still felt like she was going to sweat out an entire lake . 
 the parade was scheduled to happen in two hours and no matter what sort of protocol the mayor demanded from the sheriff , she just did n't see herself moving from this spot . 
 tuck was just going to have to lead the parade and the other boys could block traffic . 
 cursing her long heavy hair for being so hot and giving her a headache , she searched around for a pair of scissors . 
 she was cutting the stuff off , right here right now . 
 giving a shout of triumph when she found the old rusty pair , she held them in one hand and grabbed a handful of hair with the other . 
 `` no ! '' 
 tuck yelled . 
 bay jumped , managed to bite back the scream , and turned the scissors around to use a weapon all in the blink of an eye . 
 her eyes round , breath shaky she stared at tuck who had nearly lunged all the way across her desk . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she managed to whisper . 
 tuck stared at the scissors pointed at his face . 
 `` i uh ... you were going to ... '' she could see the confusion in his eyes and frowned . 
 `` i was going to chop off this freakishly hot blanket of hair . '' 
 bay watched , relaxing and becoming fascinated by slow pink color creeping up tuck 's neck and face . 
 he eased back away from her to sit in the chair across from the desk . 
 `` that 's sort of not what it looked like , '' he growled . 
 tossing down the scissors , bay glared at him . 
 this whole baby thing was his fault . 
 she was huge , hot , and waddled like a duck when she walked . 
 not to mention , tired . 
 bay did n't know when she 'd last gotten a full night 's sleep . 
 pointing to him , she narrowed her eyes , `` you . 
 you will lead this damn parade . 
 you will tell the mayor that i do n't care what he wants . 
 this baby is a week late in coming , i 'm hot and i 'm not leaving this office or this fan . 
 you ca n't make me . '' 
 tuck knew better than to smile . 
 biting his tongue hard enough to keep that from happening , he nodded . 
 swallowing back any hint of laughter in his voice he answered , `` yes ` mam . 
 i 'll handle everything . 
 in fact if you wanted to go on home , i 'm sure me and the boys can handle this evening 's fireworks . '' 
 `` you 're damn right you 're gon na ' handle the fireworks , too . 
 i 'm not walking around that damn field in this heat . 
 and i 'm not going to the damn picnic before the fireworks either . 
 but i will stay right here behind this desk outlining your schedule for working up at the school this fall . '' 
 seeing the startled look in his eyes made her feel so much better . 
 she had no intention of making him handle the school but it was her secret pleasure to not let him know that . 
 poking at him about it was her own little revenge for the soccer player inside of her . 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 well , i guess i better head on up to the field for the parade line up . 
 some of those floats are pretty big . 
 you , uh , well you might like to watch from inside . 
 parade will pass right in front of the office here . '' 
 tuck eased from the chair looking for an escape . 
 `` i know exactly where the parade is going to go , tucker adams . 
 did n't i have to sit in those planning meetings while you did n't ? '' 
 even bay was beginning to think her case of the nasties was getting a little too nasty . 
 she wanted to be alone in her misery . 
 she wanted this person , this man responsible for her misery , out of her office . 
 tuck attempted to meet her angry stare and decided he had risked enough and took his leave . 
 bay could hear roy 's chuckles and thought about sending some ire his way but then decided that would mean getting up and she was n't ready to do that . 
 leaning back and closing her eyes , she shifted in the chair , annoyed at the irritating pain in her back . 
 if this kid did n't get out of her soon ... she sighed , and tried to relax . 
 this was going to be a long day and she 'd have to find a way to deal with it . 
 biting the heads off everyone that came near was n't going to make her feel better . 
 rubbing a hand over her mound of belly , she wondered idly how the kid could sleep when it was so hot . 
 melody came in just before the start of the parade . 
 bay sent another silent thank you to the stars for sending melody to her . 
 the girl had been a godsend , taking over almost all the cooking and cleaning for bay . 
 she managed a weak smile for her friend . 
 `` hey , what 's up ? '' 
 `` come watch the parade with me . '' 
 melody gently demanded . 
 bay could n't stop her smile from growing . 
 the girl was truly lovely . 
 at her spa day in fayetteville she 'd had her hair cut into a cute pixie that floated around her head . 
 it made her eyes look huge and seemed to lighten up her entire being . 
 she 'd come completely out of her shell and was a vibrant , happy young woman . 
 `` where 's todd douglas ? '' 
 bay asked with a smirk . 
 the young man had been chasing melody for the last month . 
 a warm , pink glow eased over melody 's face . 
 `` he 's riding on the church float . '' 
 because of melody 's past , she had a hard time believing that any man would be interested in her romantically , and it was especially difficult being that todd attended church and was a `` good kid '' his whole life . 
 bay sighed , `` you really going to make me get out of this chair ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 you need to walk . '' 
 attempting to glare at melody and failing , bay replied , `` i do walk . 
 every day i walk . 
 it 's hot out there . 
 i 'm not going out there . '' 
 she had to admit that , even to her ears , she sounded like a petulant child . 
 melody totally ignored her and walked around to help her from the chair . 
 when bay stood , she automatically rubbed at the pain in her back . 
 melody caught the action and asked , `` back hurt ? '' 
 `` mmm . 
 all damn day . '' 
 bay groused . 
 a huge smile lit melody 's face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 a confused bay asked . 
 `` it could be a sign . 
 you should stay close to town . 
 do n't go to the fireworks tonight . '' 
 `` did n't plan on it . 
 too damn hot . '' 
 the two moved to the front window , the sound of the school marching band rolling down the street . 
 as the many floats slowly drifted by , even grumpy bay had to admit that the parade was a really good one for such a small , rural area . 
 hill county might not be rich in money , but it was very rich in community and country pride . 
 that evening , bay was a little surprised to find she was disappointed at not going to the big county wide picnic and fireworks . 
 but she was so uncomfortable that walking around a huge field of people and being nice and sociable was simply not an option . 
 she did stay in the office as they 'd had several stop by to chat , report missing and lost items , and one a missing child that has escaped his mother . 
 deputy cory slipped around the picnic early and put together a huge plate of food for bay . 
 he delivered it , and while she thanked him profusely , bay found that no matter how tempting some of it looked , she was unable to eat anything . 
 the nagging ache in her back had n't gotten any worse , but was wearing her out faster than usual . 
 she was alone in the office with only owen manning the desk when the fireworks started . 
 she could hear the distant `` pops '' interspersed with louder `` booms '' . 
 `` owen you 're missing it , '' she called out . 
 the younger man laughed and stood up from his chair . 
 `` mind if i step outside to see ? '' 
 `` no , go , i got the phone . '' 
 she saw him slip around the counter and out the front door . 
 he did n't go far , just to the edge of the street . 
 bay was considering going to the break room for a bottle of water when owen came rushing back in . 
 `` sheriff , there 's a light flashing in dob 's tv store . 
 like a flashlight . '' 
 instantly alert , she studied owen . 
 he was n't one to panic and with nearly the entire county at the fireworks , including all the deputies , it was the perfect time to hit up the little tv repair place which was packed with electronics , working and not . 
 `` he used to have a police scanner in there . 
 start with tuck 's cell phone , you probably wo n't get him . 
 call them all , each one until someone answers and only then , try radio . 
 with the noise , it 's going to be hard to reach anyone . '' 
 she stood and grabbed her gun belt . 
 she had to fasten it ridiculously low under her belly , so she hardly wore it these days . 
 reaching for the huge oversized bullet proof vest , the only thing that would fit , she grimaced at putting it on and dealing with the heat . 
 heading for the door she asked , `` you get anyone yet ? '' 
 owen only shook his head , and dialed the next number on the list . 
 `` try the state too . 
 see if they have a car near . 
 if they do n't , do n't ask them to send one . '' 
 pushing through the front door , bay attempted to not waddle as much as usual . 
 slowly working down the street , she could easily see the light bobbing in the store a few buildings away . 
 `` bold . '' 
 she murmured to herself . 
 pulling out her weapon and looking down at the overripe belly , she decided that it was n't a good idea for her to try to enter the store . 
 noting the strange car parked on the street nearly in front of dob 's , she used her cell to call back the license information to owen . 
 there were no other cars nearby , no alcove to hide in , nothing between her and the bobbing flashlight in the store . 
 there were brief flashes of light and lots of loud booms from the fireworks , though . 
 another cramping ache spread across her back and she thought , this is so not a good idea . 
 phoning owen on her cell again , she asked if he 'd managed to get in touch with anyone . 
 his negative response brought on a bout of curses from bay . 
 she was getting anxious enough to send the man on foot down to the field at the edge of town just to find some help . 
 when the flashlight stopped moving suddenly , bay tensed . 
 her mind scrambled over her options and she did n't like any of them . 
 she could let whoever was in there go and hope to trace them later through the car registration , or attempt to stop them now . 
 with another quiet round of cursing , nearly drowned out by the sound of the fireworks , she decided to try . 
 crossing the street , she stood in front of the car and watched as the flashlight winked out . 
 old dob was a stingy fool and never left lights on inside his shop so the building was nearly pitch black . 
 the meager light from the street lamps did n't reach into the building at all . 
 bay wondered what sort of a stand-off she might now be involved in as whoever was in there obviously saw her standing in plain sight . 
 sweat trickled down her back as she tried owen again . 
 he 'd left messages on every deputy 's phone and thankfully , the fireworks were winding down . 
 she could only hope someone checked their phone soon . 
 staring intently into the storefront , she tried to locate a person in among all the other shadows . 
 a final , fantastic crescendo of lights and noise sounded the end of the show . 
 both bay and the person in the store knew it was now or never . 
 she braced and took a firm grip on her weapon just as the front door burst open . 
 in the deathly quiet of the next few seconds , it seemed like time slowed down . 
 a fierce cramp shot around bay 's back to her lower belly that took her breath away . 
 sudden knowledge of what was going on inside her slammed into her conscious . 
 she was in labor , the baby was coming . 
 shock filled her as she met the scared and frightened eyes of the scrawny teen boy racing around to the driver 's side of his car . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 she managed to yell . 
 a sudden distant sound of siren filled her with relief but she knew the kid heard it too . 
 `` come on buddy , let 's do this the easy way . '' 
 bay struggled to keep her voice low smooth and strong . 
 she could n't let the kid know just how bad off she was as another spasm of pain nearly took her to her knees . 
 she saw him pause . 
 she saw him actually think for a moment . 
 but then the moment was over and the kid jumped into the car . 
 cursing , bay raised her weapon in unsteady hands and pointed it low at the front of the vehicle . 
 please god , do n't make me shoot this kid . 
 keeping her eyes on the scared teen , she shook her head `` no '' and silently mouthed the word , hoping against hope as he started the engine . 
 the siren was closer , but not close enough . 
 another contraction hit and bay dropped her stance , grabbing her stomach and fighting to stay on her feet . 
 the kid took his chance and floored the car , swerving to avoid hitting her . 
 bay was too close and unable to move fast due to her condition . 
 she threw herself to the side , but the car still clipped her leg and hip . 
 attempting to cushion her belly in the fall , she hit the sidewalk hard on her other side in a haze of the most incredible pain she 'd ever felt . 
 unable to move , she lay helpless on the street and felt the sudden rush of fluid leaving her body . 
 tires screeched to a halt near her . 
 sudden shouting filled the air and more sounds of vehicles . 
 just trying to breathe through the pain , bay knew she had to get up , get off the street , the baby was coming . 
 her legs would n't work though , would n't obey her commands to them to move . 
 hands gripped her shoulders , voices loud and demanding , she was unable to answer . 
 in minutes she was surrounded by people , some she knew , some she did n't . 
 but the pain was sucking her down and causing a blackness to creep over her and she was helpless to stop it . 
 -7 - when she woke up , bay instantly knew she was in a hospital . 
 the sterile smells , the beeps , the uncomfortable bed , all a dead giveaway . 
 starting slow , she attempted to move . 
 arms seemed okay , hands reaching for her belly where they found only a soft mound instead of the firm bulge of a pregnant belly . 
 fear slowly crept up her back . 
 trying her legs , she found the right encased in some sort of plastic , the left incredibly sore , but movable . 
 where was her baby ? 
 a soft snore sounded from her right . 
 turning her head , she found tuck sitting , his head at what had to be a most uncomfortable angle against the wall . 
 she tried to call for him and managed only a weak croak as her dry throat closed up . 
 before she could get the energy to try again , the door to the room slowly eased open . 
 a young , pretty nurse poked her head around and seeing bay awake , grinned hugely . 
 she disappeared quickly and bay frowned in confusion . 
 tuck snorted in his sleep loud enough to jerk himself awake . 
 it seemed to take a moment for his sleepy brain to register that she was awake but before he could say anything , the door pushed open wider and the nurse returned , pushing a small hospital baby crib . 
 `` someone 's been missing his mama , '' she said in a warm soft voice . 
 `` are you up to holding him ? 
 maybe feeding him ? '' 
 `` him ? '' 
 bay croaked out , tears filling her eyes . 
 her baby was here , right here . 
 `` oh , here . '' 
 the nurse moved quickly to fill a clear plastic glass with ice water and pop in a straw . 
 lifting it to bay with an encouraging smile , `` you had quite an exciting time last night . 
 is this the first time you 've seen your baby ? '' 
 bay drank deeply from the icy water . 
 it tasted faintly metallic but was the best thing she 'd felt in days . 
 the water slid coolly down her throat , seemingly spreading all through her body . 
 finally , she leaned back again , her eyes drawn back to the crib and the tiny , unmoving body . 
 `` you up for this ? 
 he 's sleeping right now but its feeding time and this one , he 's a bit demanding . 
 we 've had to give him formula so far but it 's up to you to keep it up or switch to the breast . 
 bay swallowed hard . 
 it seemed her first real decision as a mother was here . 
 a quiet little squeak came from the crib and the baby began to move . 
 she felt tuck move to her side and place a hand on her shoulder . 
 warmth from his hand flooded through her , but this time it was a gentle , healing warmth ; encouraging . 
 she nodded to the nurse and began to shift the bed into a sitting position . 
 tuck and the nurse helped her to sit . 
 she was now able to see that it was a cast on her leg and she had bruises all up and down her arms . 
 taking stock of all the aches and pains , bay decided that it could have been worse , probably should have been worse , but the leg seemed to be the only thing broken . 
 a quick discussion with the nurse and tuck reaffirmed that her injuries were miraculously minor . 
 the nurse handed her the tightly wrapped and squirming bundle and bay fell in love . 
 touching a finger to the silky smooth cheek , bay again felt her eyes fill with tears . 
 a dusting of black hair covered his tiny head , his eyes so dark she knew they 'd be black . 
 but there , in the shape of his mouth , the curve of his chin , she saw tuck 's features . 
 looking up at tuck , bay was surprised to see his eyes wet and full of emotion . 
 before she could speak , he nodded to her and left the room . 
 swallowing the sudden lump in her throat , she turned back to the baby . 
 reminding herself that she was the one who set the boundaries between them , bay concentrated only on the baby . 
 she found the young nurse extremely helpful and informative and discovered the immediate bond that formed from feeding her child from her own breast . 
 bay was consumed with love for this tiny little creature in her arms . 
 she counted fingers and after struggling briefly with the tightly wrapped blanket , counted toes as well and then cooed like a silly goose over how cute those tiny toes were . 
 her first visitor was melody . 
 the young woman rushed in and held onto bay tightly for a few minutes . 
 when she raised her head , tears tracked down her face . 
 bay spent the next few minutes assuring her that she was okay , was going to be okay . 
 when melody voiced her feelings of guilt for leaving bay alone , a short argument ended that . 
 bay refused for this tender woman to accept any sort of responsibility for her own choices . 
 it was from her that bay discovered the harrowing tale of the baby 's birth in the back of an ambulance right on main street in miller springs . 
 everyone was talking about it ; how the sheriff caught the bad guy , survived getting hit by the guy 's car and then gave birth on the street . 
 bay felt nothing but complete embarrassment as melody told the story . 
 once finished , melody turned suddenly shy . 
 ducking her head she picked up a gift bag sitting at her feet . 
 `` i uh , i have something for you . 
 that is if you want it . '' 
 frowning bay sent melody a confused look . 
 `` why would n't i want something from you ? '' 
 shifting uncomfortably , melody took a moment before answering . 
 `` when i knew i was gon na have my first baby , i knew i did n't have anything for a baby . 
 nothing . 
 no blankets or clothes or anything . 
 daddy had made me pack up all mama 's clothes and put them in the attic . 
 when he was gone one day , i went up and got some . 
 i got some of her dresses and sweaters that i remembered her wearing . '' 
 pausing melody reached into the bag and pulled out a folded bundle of cloth . 
 shaking it out , she held up a small patchwork blanket . 
 `` so i made this . 
 out of her clothes . 
 i put the sweater pieces on the back so it would be warm . '' 
 the girl held the blanket close to her . 
 `` my first baby , she did n't get to use it really , but daisy did . 
 she loved it , carried it around with her . 
 daddy never figured it out , never even asked where it come from . '' 
 bay was more touched and amazed than she could have ever imagined . 
 `` oh , mel . '' 
 reaching out to touch the blanket , bay smiled gently . 
 `` this is what you went back for the day that you came with me ? '' 
 melody only nodded , sniffling back tears . 
 `` i would be so , very honored to share this blanket with you . 
 because you made it . 
 out of love for your mother and love for the babies you had , even so briefly . 
 i 'm just blown away amazed that you 'd want to use it , that it does n't bring back painful memories , though . '' 
 melody smiled . 
 `` not all the memories are bad . 
 my daisy was the best baby . 
 you 've given me so much , bay , there 's no way i can ever repay you . 
 so using this blanket for your baby ... that would mean so much to me . '' 
 `` here , help me switch . '' 
 bay carefully pulled away the hospital blanket and together they tucked the baby into melody 's patchwork one . 
 `` there , he likes it . 
 he smiled . '' 
 she announced . 
 melody laughed , `` bay , babies just born do n't smile on purpose . '' 
 bay pretended to send a fierce glare at her best friend , `` i say he smiled so he smiled . '' 
 they broke out in laughter just as the door opened once more . 
 flossie strode into the room and scowled at the laughter . 
 `` hmph . 
 someone told me you broke your leg when you tried to stop a burglar by jumping on top of his car . '' 
 she sniffed , `` i think that story getting passed around is a little exaggerated . '' 
 she plopped her own gift bag down on the end of the bed . 
 with a huge grin , bay provoked the older woman , `` why flossie , i did n't know you cared . '' 
 the large woman snorted but bay could see the smile she was hiding . 
 `` here . '' 
 she shoved the bag at melody . 
 `` give me that baby . '' 
 gruff as she sounded , flossie was incredibly gentle when she took the baby from bay . 
 turning away and walking over to the window so they could n't see her smile , flossie talked softly to the baby . 
 melody reached in the bag and pulled out a soft blue crocheted baby hat and booties . 
 on the hat was a tiny gold police badge patch that looked hand-made as well . 
 the two exclaimed over the cuteness and thanked flossie profusely . 
 turning back to bay , flossie demanded , `` so , what 's this little man 's name ? '' 
 bay 's mind went blank . 
 completely and totally blank . 
 staring huge eyed at flossie she only shook her head . 
 flossie rolled her eyes and sighed down at the baby . 
 walking back to the bed she said to the baby , `` well kid , i hope you get a name before you start school . 
 be hard for the teacher to know what to call you without one . '' 
 she handed the baby to melody , said her good-byes and left . 
 `` so you did n't pick a name ? '' 
 melody asked cuddling the baby close . 
 `` well , not really . 
 i had a few i was thinking about . '' 
 bay shrugged . 
 she was a little worried herself about coming up with a name . 
 pretty stupid of her not to have one by now she thought to herself . 
 melody noticed the time and exclaimed . 
 `` oh ! 
 i was n't going to stay so long . 
 i have class and i have to get back to town . '' 
 she handed the baby back to bay , kissed both bay and the baby 's cheeks and quickly left . 
 alone again , bay settled back and considered names while she watched her baby boy sleep . 
 - 8 - tuck strode into the sheriff 's department and went straight to bay 's office . 
 even though she had n't changed anything in the office , it no longer felt like his . 
 he could smell her , feel her , even hear her in the small space . 
 right now that was comfort to him . 
 sitting in his old chair , he felt her wrap around him . 
 never in his life had he been so scared as when he 'd found her bleeding and broken on the street . 
 he 'd even had nightmares about it . 
 him , big bad tucker adams , having nightmares over a woman he truly did n't know all that well . 
 he and bay had n't exchanged much personal information over the past year and a half because of that damned tension between them . 
 he remembered standing in the doorway of the ambulance , nearly sobbing with fear for bay as the medics worked to deliver the baby that refused to stay inside his mother . 
 even unconscious , bay 's strength was amazing as the baby slid from her body . 
 tuck did n't even know it was possible for an unconscious woman to give birth . 
 shaking his head he realized that no man could ever really know just how strong women could be . 
 his clarice , who died slowly and painfully from the cursed cancer that took her , she never complained , never cried , never asked why . 
 he never once heard her declare that it was n't fair , that she did n't want to die . 
 she just accepted her fate and dealt with it with more dignity than he 'd ever seen from a person . 
 he was a father . 
 he had a son . 
 amazement rolled over him as he remembered hearing that first little cry . 
 and yet , he was n't a father . 
 tuck had no idea if bay would even allow him into the child 's life . 
 he was n't sure he had the right to be but he had n't counted on being there for the birth , seeing that tiny life be born , feeling the instant connection to his child . 
 tuck had never wanted children . 
 was never going to have one and risk discovering his father 's meanness inside him . 
 but thoughts of being without that child made him feel so freakishly empty . 
 looking inside himself he knew that he could never ever hurt a child of his and that he 'd give his life to protect one instead . 
 but he did n't know if he 'd ever have the chance to do so . 
 sighing , he pulled the piles of paperwork toward him and got to work . 
 if this was all he could do for bay , then he 'd do it . 
 a week passed and he 'd talked to bay every day , sometimes multiple times a day but always about work . 
 she might be on maternity leave , she might have a broken leg , but the woman would not leave the department alone . 
 he 'd dodged going to see her by using multiple excuses , but they were running thin . 
 flossie had started giving him the cold shoulder . 
 no matter how he poked at her , she refused to speak to him unless she simply could n't avoid it . 
 even joby was cool toward him when he discovered that tuck had n't been to see bay or the baby . 
 he 'd caught the disapproving looks from owen who never said a word about the situation . 
 after a meeting with the school principal , though , he had no choice . 
 one of the two of them was going to have to put a training schedule together . 
 while he suspected that bay was happy to do the school training , she 'd never actually said she would , always hinting that it was his job . 
 when the mayor brought him a council problem and then other issues kept piling up that needed her signature or input , he realized he had no choice anymore . 
 unless he managed to talk joby into taking the stuff to her , and that was just too cowardly even for him , it was time to face bay and the baby . 
 letting roy know where he was headed , he left the building and walked down the street to her apartment . 
 his concerns of how she was managing the stairs was answered when he saw the new lift chair attached to them . 
 it was an interesting mechanism that let her sit in the chair and ride her way up the stairs . 
 it did n't leave much room in the narrow stairwell , but he could see that it would work out just fine for her and melody . 
 his knock was answered by melody , who gave him a quick grin , tossed an excuse over at bay and quickly left for her own apartment . 
 he entered and found bay propped on the couch , a portable baby bed beside her . 
 the once spartan apartment was now nearly filled with stuffed toys , baby furniture and piles of tiny clothes and blankets . 
 frowning he looked around , `` you need a bigger place , '' he blurted out before thinking . 
 bay scowled at him , `` you think ? '' 
 she sifted , trying to find a more comfortable place for her plastic coated leg . 
 `` who the hell knew how much stuff a tiny little body needed ? '' 
 tuck could n't stop his feet from carrying him closer to the baby . 
 all he could see under a patchwork blanket was a small head covered in black fuzzy hair . 
 `` how is he ? '' 
 `` fine . 
 eats like he 's starving , poops like there 's no tomorrow . '' 
 a snorting laugh escaped before he could stop it . 
 reaching down , he gently touched the little head and felt the baby squirm in response . 
 afraid of waking him , tuck moved away and got down to business . 
 they went through the paperwork and essential information that needed her attention . 
 she expressed her gratitude at his help and went over as many details as they could . 
 eventually though the baby began to move around and fuss . 
 bay scooped him up and cuddled for a bit before sending a look to tuck . 
 `` look , i know this is beyond complicated . 
 i have no idea how to deal with this . '' 
 she stopped , unsure what to say next . 
 tuck nodded . 
 `` i have no idea either . 
 i - `` he broke off , his mind going blank and gave a small shrug . 
 for the first time since he 'd met her , bay looked nervous . 
 he did n't have long to wonder about it though when she said , `` his name is kidd adam miller lopez . 
 just thought you should know . '' 
 shock rippled through him . 
 the name echoed in his head , kidd adam miller . 
 named for him and for the town . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` well , i was trying to come up with something patriotic . 
 you know he was born on the fourth of july . 
 but the only thing that i came up with was ` independence ' and that was just silly to me . 
 especially after that movie you know ? 
 so , i brought it down a bit and thought of the town . 
 because he was born right on main street right ? 
 the name ` main ' seemed too goofy . 
 and i liked miller . 
 but i 've called him ` kid ' ever since i found out i was pregnant and i could n't get over calling him ` kid . ' 
 so i did . 
 and the adam part ... well i wanted something more normal incase when he grows up he did n't want to be an adult man called kidd , you know . '' 
 bay 's ramblings finally ended with her looking even more embarrassed . 
 `` but are n't you afraid people might put it together ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` you hired me , gave me a chance . 
 it was really you that made me sheriff here . 
 and , the way i hear the story , if you had n't acted as fast as you did to get the ambulance to me ... well , things might have turned out differently . 
 there 's a lot of good reasons for the name adam . '' 
 a sudden and huge lump filled tuck 's throat . 
 it was so big that trying to swallow it down was rather painful . 
 so he just sat and took deep breaths for a few minutes , trying to calm things down . 
 `` there 's even the possibility that the kid could go by kam lopez . 
 just use the initials . '' 
 `` kam . 
 i like that . 
 like it a lot . '' 
 as he looked at bay and the baby tuck realized that the cold dark hole inside him , left behind from clarice 's death , was a lot smaller than it used to be . 
 he could n't be sure , but maybe , just maybe the sunshine seemed a little brighter than it had been just a few minutes ago . 
 ### thank you for reading my book . 
 if you enjoyed it , wo n't you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer ? 
 thanks ! 
 lucy marsh 
