 thief the dove in the darkness ~ ~ ~ ~ by katlynn rose copyright © 2015 d.r.j. publishing all rights reserved . 
 cover design and artwork by debra johnson http://drjpublishing.blogspot.com smashwords edition this book is a work of fiction . 
 all characters , names , businesses , places , events , and incidents are either the product of the author 's imagination or used in a fictitious manner . 
 any resemblance to actual persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental . 
 any resemblance to actual events is purely coincidental . 
 this book is protected under the copyright laws of the united states of america . 
 any reproduction or unauthorized use of the material or artwork contained herein is prohibited without the express written permission of the author , except where permitted by law . 
 for information or to obtain permission , contact deborah johnson , grand prairie , texas . 
 thank you for respecting the hard work of this author . 
 dedication to ... myself . 
 is that odd ? 
 but sometimes i need a break from stress , and this book was the perfect outlet for me . 
 it was fun for me to create this indulgent novella , and we have to remember to give a little bit back to ourselves every now and then . 
 table of contents dedication part one chapter 1 -- candy bar chapter 2 -- distraction chapter 3 -- chase chapter 4 -- revelation chapter 5 -- highway chapter 6 -- motel chapter 7 -- alone chapter 8 -- night part two chapter 9 -- free chapter 10 -- storage chapter 11 -- accomplice chapter 12 -- thief chapter 13 -- foiled chapter 14 -- diner chapter 15 -- forever additional works from drj publishing about the author part one the catch chapter 1 -- candy bar the small , lake-side store was packed , flooded by rowdy college students participating in their yearly spring break ritual . 
 lea ground her teeth as she waited in line , trying not to glare at the obnoxious boys that were trading punches in front of her . 
 even though they were only a year or two younger than her , she classified them as boys in her mind . 
 immature and green . 
 lea imagined she already knew their life stories ; sheltered and pampered in high school and receiving the same treatment in college . 
 they could n't possibly know what it 's like to live on their own in the real world . 
 bitter with a hint of envy , lea struggled to keep her eyes from rolling . 
 instead , she fixed them on a magazine rack and pretended to read the headlines . 
 damn you , ox , she cussed her friend in her mind . 
 lea blamed him even though she was fully aware it was n't his fault . 
 she had volunteered , knowing this whole week was going to be chaos , needed to be chaos , but her nerves were working against her , cranking her irritation level to the max . 
 maybe this whole week was n't his fault , but he was the one who sent her up here for his damn chocolate fix . 
 lea fiddled with the snickers bar in her hand . 
 she briefly toyed with the idea of putting it back on the shelf and deserting the store , but the cold bottle of diet coke in her other hand sang to her . 
 she swallowed dryly and shifted her weight from one foot to the other , resigning herself to the wait . 
 the line moved forward , and two giggling girls walked past lea to the exit . 
 she ground her teeth and once again , consciously put a halt to her eye-rolling . 
 she imagined her stoic glare at the magazine rack would make a passerby think she wanted to rip them to shreds , but no one was paying attention to her . 
 they were all self-absorbed with only two things on their mind ; alcohol and sex . 
 suddenly , a loud smack jostled one of the boys toward her . 
 lea side-stepped quickly , narrowly avoiding him , but the girl behind her was n't as quick to move . 
 absorbed in her smart phone , she squealed as it was knocked from her hand , careening to the hard-wood floor . 
 landing hard , it busted into several pieces as the protective case popped off , and the back cover snapped free as the phone bounced , sending the battery sliding across the floor . 
 `` watch it , dick ! '' 
 the thin blonde screeched , not even bothering to look up . 
 she was already darting for the pieces of her busted phone . 
 `` woah . 
 sorry , sister . '' 
 the boy who had fallen backward apologized in a deep , slow voice . 
 he bent to help her while the clown that had punched him turned away , hiding his laughter . 
 lea exhaled sharply , exasperated . 
 `` get off me , you prick ! '' 
 the blonde yelled as she hauled back and punched him solidly in the arm . 
 `` do n't touch my shit ! '' 
 `` ow , '' the big guy whined , handing the cover back to the angry coed . 
 his free hand was rubbing his arm where she 'd slugged him . 
 he gave the girl a wounded , puppy dog frown and sounded sad when he spoke again . 
 `` i said i was sorry . '' 
 `` if you broke it , you 're gon na be sorry , '' blondie barked as she snatched the cover from his hand . 
 lea almost smirked when the blonde turned violent , but it quickly faded as the lummox stood up . 
 he was tall , but to lea , everyone was tall . 
 that was n't what bothered her . 
 lea 's annoyance turned to alarm because he had finally noticed her . 
 the confrontation with the blonde had already slipped from his mind as he became fully focused on lea . 
 his smile slowly curved his thick lips at the corners , crinkling his large nose , and his droopy eyes lit up when lea accidentally made eye contact . 
 `` hey there , little sister . '' 
 `` oh , jesus . '' 
 lea sighed under her breath . 
 she figured he was either a bit slow or high . 
 probably both . 
 either way , lea felt she was going to have a tough time shaking him if something else did n't grab his attention . 
 one thing lea lacked was social grace , and these types of guys only took rudeness as a challenge . 
 `` it 's not turning on ! '' 
 the squeal came from the forgotten blonde moments before the angry girl grabbed his arm and jerked him around . 
 she slammed the phone against his beefy chest as he stared down at her in surprise . 
 `` fix it or pay for it ! '' 
 lea 's eyes widened as she watched the lummox get slugged in the arm again . 
 his companion -- the one actually guilty -- finished up at the counter and was turning back to intervene . 
 lea took the chance to slip silently behind the commotion and breathed a sigh of relief as she escaped anymore unwanted attention . 
 setting her items on the counter , lea pulled a five from her pocket and impatiently waited for the cashier to accept her money . 
 he was distracted by the scene playing out behind her , and lea huffed , wanting nothing more than to get her change so she could get the hell out of there . 
 the attendant did n't seem to be concerned with her or her irritation . 
 by the time he passed the change back to her , the blonde was shouting at both of the boys with neither one able to get a word in . 
 lea ducked out behind them as the cashier 's voice added to the rising tumult , yelling for them to take it outside . 
 no , no , no ! 
 lea thought , wanting to get safely away without the bickering group following her out the door . 
 she need n't have worried . 
 in fact , she was actually quite impressed by the tirade that followed . 
 the blonde turned her rage on the cashier , and everything else in the small store ceased to matter . 
 as lea made it to the door , she allowed herself a look back at the scene she narrowly escaped . 
 distracted by what was happening behind her , she was n't paying attention to where she was going . 
 she failed to notice that someone outside had opened the door , and she proceeded to stumble gracelessly through the opening . 
 the weight of the door lea had expected to be there was gone , and she flailed for a handhold somewhere -- anywhere -- to keep from going down . 
 her hands grasped a strong bicep as an arm shot around her waist , and her body collided with a stranger as he caught her before she fell . 
 cheeks already flaming , lea quickly regained her footing and spun away . 
 she automatically began to stutter out an apology before she looked up . 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'm sor ... '' her voice trailed off , the words getting tangled in her throat and then forgotten when she finally met his eyes . 
 beautiful eyes . 
 they sparkled a brilliant green in the sunlight and stole lea 's breath . 
 she stared at him stupidly , mesmerized by the intent way he was looking at her , and she could n't tear her eyes away from his lean , handsome face . 
 he was the one to look away first , to eye the ground purposefully , and even then lea could n't break free of his thrall . 
 she intently watched him , noticing how his t-shirt clung to his thin frame and the thick locks of brown hair that fell into his face as he bent to pick something off the ground . 
 she gaped over the strong muscles that flexed in his arm as he reached for a snickers bar -- the snickers bar she had just bought for ox -- and finally her loopy brain snapped back into focus . 
 `` you dropped this , '' he said as he held the candy bar out to her . 
 lea reached for it , noticing her fingers were trembling , and quickly snatched it from him . 
 her stomach was twisting in nervous knots as the man continued to watch her expectantly . 
 thank you ! 
 i should say thank you ! 
 lea opened her mouth to speak when the furious blonde inside the store kicked her tirade up a notch , and the cashier and the two culprits were facing a full on meltdown . 
 the heightened shouts caught the stranger 's attention , pulling his penetrating gaze away , and lea stole the opportunity to escape . 
 she spun and hastily walked down the gravel path toward the lake . 
 her cheeks were on fire , and she did n't dare slow down . 
 finally , when she reached the bend in the road , lea chanced a look over her shoulder . 
 she did n't know what she expected , but her heart skipped a beat when she saw he was still standing in the shade of the small awning , watching her . 
 blushing even more , lea continued on her way . 
 she was supposed to meet ox at one of the many campsites , but the trip to the store had taken longer than expected . 
 he was n't one to get irritable , but ox was too hyperactive to sit in one place for long . 
 lea actually hoped he had gotten bored and wandered off so she could have a few minutes to collect herself , to let the flush die down . 
 she felt the blush clinging to her skin , branding her , a tell-tale sign that something was n't right . 
 if anyone noticed , it would be ox . 
 as the awning came into view , lea whistled happily through her teeth when she saw it empty . 
 it could have been suspicious that no one was sitting at the campsite , considering all awnings were prime real estate this week , but lea knew of a few well-placed rumors that would keep the coeds far away . 
 after all , who needed their good time ruined by a bunch of undercover cops ? 
 only it could n't really be a rumor if it were the truth , could it ? 
 lea smirked as she looked at the group of supposed family and friends at the adjacent campsite , and she took her seat at the picnic table . 
 the hard concrete bench was uncomfortable , but here she could sit and watch unsuspected . 
 and sit she did , the uneventful minutes stretching out to impossible lengths . 
 observe was the word they had used , but what they had actually meant was die of boredom . 
 she did n't bother masking her eye-roll this time . 
 she had calmed down and was hoping ox would show up soon to keep her company . 
 on the bright side , she was finally able to crack open her soda , and the hiss of carbonation was music to her ears . 
 the feel of the cold liquid hitting her tongue and running down her throat helped her relax . 
 as she sat the bottle back on the table , she looked at the snickers bar . 
 `` i hope you melt . '' 
 she said snidely , but she was grinning to herself . 
 she felt more mischievous than angry and knew a little thing like melted chocolate would n't slow ox down . 
 the playfulness was short-lived , though , and lea 's mood began to sour the longer she sat alone in the hot afternoon . 
 the awning shaded the table at least , and she openly stared at the people she was spying on , envious of their two fancy rvs . 
 a low hum made it to her ears , and she knew it was the sound of the generator and the ac it powered . 
 lea let out a long , drawn out sigh . 
 they were the dullest undercover cops ever . 
 `` oh , but she 's young . 
 she looks like a coed . 
 they wo n't suspect her , '' lea scoffed under her breath , her voice nasally as she mimicked scott , the jackass that had volunteered her . 
 he had been wrong , though . 
 sitting there alone , she was probably the most conspicuous coed at the lake . 
 taking another swig on her soda , she sighed , `` and then i agreed to it , so it 's my own damn fault . '' 
 lea casually looked around , saw no sign of ox , but was really making sure no one had been in earshot . 
 satisfied it was clear , she went back to picking at the plastic label on her bottle to pass the time . 
 she began to yawn , but her breath was stolen as she caught site of a dark haired man joining the other camp . 
 her pulse instantly went into hyper drive . 
 `` oh , shit . '' 
 she groaned , recognizing the gorgeous stranger she had literally run into outside the store . 
 her eyes were glued to him as he stopped to chat with the man tending the grill , and then he disappeared inside one of the rvs . 
 `` shit , shit , shit ! '' 
 lea grumbled , standing to flee before he came back outside . 
 `` he 's a cop ? 
 of course he 's a cop ! '' 
 a hushed tirade of words came out under her breath as she tried to casually run away . 
 her face was hot again , but this time from panic . 
 nikki was not going to be happy with her ! 
 she had struggled for that one 's acceptance the whole time she 'd been with this operation , and if she drew unwanted attention down on them because she 'd caught a cop 's eye , she was dead ! 
 `` lea ! '' 
 the deep voice jolted her , but she recognized it . 
 she looked up to see ox grinning at her from the road , and she frowned at him . 
 she was angry he had taken so long getting back to her , but the feeling of relief at seeing him standing there was undeniable . 
 `` hey , hold up ! '' 
 the call came from behind her . 
 instinctively , lea 's head shot around before the thought entered her mind to pretend she had n't heard anything . 
 she knew who it was before she met those striking green eyes . 
 even at this distance , they sparkled like emeralds . 
 lea stalled , captured again by the intense way the stranger looked at her . 
 her heart was fluttering from more than panic , but she was aware enough to know how dangerous her situation had just become . 
 lucky for her ox had shown up when he did . 
 as soon as the stranger spotted the large man heading toward her , he paused . 
 ox 's sleeveless shirt was designed to show off his bulky biceps and thick chest , and even though he sported plaid swimming trunks and flip-flops , the man looked intimidating . 
 he came to tower over her , and pulled her close with a possessive arm around her . 
 goosebumps crawled across her skin as she denied her impulse to pull away , and his huge lungs filled up with air . 
 `` what you want with my woman ? '' 
 he barked at the cop , and lea winced . 
 a rebellious emotion stirred inside her , and she wanted nothing more than to correct the lie . 
 she wisely held her tongue , and for a brief moment , saw the stranger 's confidence broken . 
 it wounded her , and her wayward feelings added confusion on top of everything else . 
 `` sorry . 
 i thought she was someone else . '' 
 the stranger said and turned back to his camp . 
 ox had to pull her along with him to get her moving , and it took several steps before she was able to shake off the strange feeling . 
 that 's when she noticed ox 's hand becoming a bit too familiar . 
 as lea pushed it back to her waist , he leaned close to whisper in her ear . 
 `` give me head , and i wo n't tell nikki . '' 
 `` ugh ! '' 
 she squealed , finally pulling away and slapping his arm . 
 `` nikki can kill me first ! '' 
 ox laughed ; a deep rumble that started in his belly and shook his shoulders as it burst out . 
 once his amusement died down , he smiled at her sincerely . 
 `` she 'll never know . 
 scott 's set up down at the boat house , and i 'll send the twins back here . 
 i think we 're covered . '' 
 `` thanks , ox . '' 
 lea started to breathe easier , knowing ox was true to his word . 
 he would protect her . 
 still , she could n't let him get away with deserting her for so long . 
 she fussed at him . 
 `` god , i was dying out there . 
 where the hell were you , anyway ? '' 
 `` sorry about that . 
 scott held me up , so i went to meet you at the store . '' 
 suddenly , ox 's eyebrows shot up and his hands moved excitedly as he remembered something . 
 `` you must have missed it ! 
 someone seriously beat the shit out of the cashier . 
 the dude had scratches all over his face and there was blood everywhere , and ... '' as lea listened to him in astonishment , she began to laugh . 
 chapter 2 -- distraction back at the camp , lea learned that a small team of associates had a new assignment ; a hit on a gas station about fifty miles from the lake . 
 it was a distraction . 
 law enforcement would receive an anonymous tip in the hopes the undercover cops would take the bait . 
 it was nothing but a chancy ruse just so nikki could get a sucker punch in and rob their campsite . 
 lea was grinding her teeth , having been told she was to be one of the guinea pigs to hit the camp . 
 she knew it was nikki 's sadistic idea of punishment . 
 since lea had pulled unwanted attention that caused a deviation from her duties , the operation 's flow had been disrupted , and everyone knew you did n't fuck with the flow of nikki 's operation . 
 lea 's argument had received a blank stare . 
 how could she help it if someone wanted to strike up a friendly conversation with her ? 
 one of her duties was to look like a coed , and that alone garnered at least a little attention . 
 lea had n't bothered to mention how much she had gawked at the dreamy cop , but it did n't matter . 
 nikki 's mind was made up . 
 chewing nervously on her bottom lip , lea huddled in the corner of ox 's rv she wondered if this new life was any better than the troubled one she fled years ago . 
 being motherless with her barely there , alcoholic father had not made for a happy home , especially on the bad nights . 
 father could be a mean drunk . 
 lea had come to regret some of her past decisions , but the leap she had taken to get away from her father was not one of them . 
 however , she had deluded herself into thinking that joining nikki 's outfit would be something fun , adventurous . 
 it did n't turn out to be what she had imagined . 
 now she wondered if she would have followed ox into the lion 's den if she had known what lay beyond . 
 because , after tonight , there was no going back . 
 tonight , she had to prove herself . 
 lea swallowed hard , realizing she was about to cross the line between a slap-on-the-wrist and jail-time . 
 the rv rocked to one side as ox entered , his weight tilting the whole vehicle . 
 she looked to him , and his expression was laden with sympathy as he met her eyes . 
 lea had just enough bravado left to scoff . 
 ox saw through her charade and chuckled softly , motioning her to follow as he turned around . 
 she joined him at the barbecue pit , where the other associates were already waiting . 
 the light had faded to dusk , and it would n't be long before full night settled across the lake . 
 it was time to go . 
 lea followed close behind ox , almost in a daze . 
 they walked along the trails around the lake , and were constantly running into drunken revelers , but no one paid them any mind . 
 even if they had , lea probably would n't have noticed . 
 her palms were sweaty , and she was fighting back the nausea roiling in her gut . 
 nervousness crawled through her limbs and into her fingers and toes like little electric worms , and she clasped her hands together to stop them from shaking . 
 how was she going to do this without fainting ? 
 her mind was so deeply mired in worries that lea almost ran into ox 's broad back when he stopped . 
 he looked down at her , surprise on his face at how close she stood , but then he smirked . 
 `` now 's not the time to get friendly , sweetheart . '' 
 lea stumbled back a few paces and managed to scowl at him , but even that did little to help harden her wavering nerve . 
 ox did not share her same reservations . 
 he had gone from pleasure to business in the blink of an eye , and his expression was hard steel as he addressed everyone . 
 `` no cell phones , no pagers . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 there were nods from all around . 
 `` nikki does n't want damages , so no vandalism . 
 get in , take what you can , and get out . 
 sutton is our primary target here , so bonus points for anyone who can dig up some extra info , but do n't take any unneeded risks . 
 i doubt he 's got his stash here , but he 's got to launder that shit sometime , right ? '' 
 a chortle , some nods and a `` yes , sir '' answered ox . 
 `` go . 
 you know what to do . '' 
 he whispered , but his voice boomed in lea 's ears . 
 scarcely able to breathe , she turned to follow , and her heart leaped into her throat as ox 's big hand encircled her arm , jerking her to a stop . 
 `` you 're not going . '' 
 lea stared up at him , confused . 
 her mouth worked wordlessly for a moment before she finally found her voice . 
 `` but nikki said -- '' `` nikki would like to get you killed . 
 she 's jealous , but i said wait . 
 you 're not up to this . '' 
 and with that , ox was gone , his big frame swallowed up in the darkness . 
 lea stood dumbstruck , staring at the spot where ox had disappeared . 
 shouts and laughter of the festivities could be heard in the distance , but no sound came from close by . 
 the half-moon did n't offer much light under the trees , and the wooded area that had seemed so secure a moment ago had taken on a creepy vibe . 
 what the hell was she supposed to do now ? 
 alone , she spun in a circle and huffed . 
 she knew where their rendezvous point was , but she had doubts she could find it in the dark . 
 had ox thought of that before he tried to be a hero ? 
 lea took two steps back the way they had come , intending to head toward their camp , but stopped short . 
 what if she made it back before everyone ? 
 what would nikki do to her then ? 
 pressing her lips together to stop a groan , she turned in the direction where she thought they would rendezvous , took two steps , and stopped again . 
 what if she could n't find it ? 
 what if she got her ass lost out here in the woods ? 
 stomping her foot and unable to stop the growl this time , she turned toward the undercover 's camp . 
 damn you , ox ! 
 goddamn you ! 
 after a good few moments of waiting , her indecision eating up valuable time , lea finally got her feet to move . 
 moving as quietly as she possibly could , her tentative steps led her toward the campsite to where she could find ox or one of the others to lead her out . 
 it was eerily quiet , unlike every other campsite on the lake . 
 the only light lea could see was the glowing red embers in the barbecue pit . 
 she stalked closer to the rv , her eyes straining to penetrate the darkness of the abandoned camp . 
 had they actually fallen for nikki 's scam ? 
 idiots , lea smirked wryly to herself , sidling against the wall of the tall vehicle , feeling somewhat safer hiding in its dark shadows . 
 abruptly , lea tensed as she saw a shadow move in front of the tent , but she relaxed a second later when she recognized the shape of once of the twins . 
 his blond hair was unmistakable in the night , and lea exhaled slowly , letting the relief wash over her . 
 she caught more movement at the other rv , and the big shadow could only belong to ox . 
 he was at the door , probably trying to pick the lock . 
 lea 's eyes became slits as she glared at his back , a foolish wave a courage breaking through her . 
 she could pick a lock too , and if nikki sent her out here to prove something , then she was damn sure going to prove it . 
 her small body slid along the side of the rv , slipping through the shadows like a cat . 
 at this point , she was sure the need for secrecy was null , and everything depended on speed , but she thought it a good opportunity to hone her skills . 
 making a game of it , she was determined to get as far as she could without ox noticing her . 
 coming to a dark , curtained window , she raised on tiptoe to peer inside . 
 a sliver of dim light at the edges of the curtain caught her eye like it was the noon-day sun . 
 she tensed , her breath catching in her throat , and she stood transfixed by it as if it was a trap that had snared her . 
 a flash of rational thought pierced her fear , and she latched on to it , suddenly realizing that it would n't have been out of place for a light to have been left on . 
 the courage she 'd momentarily gained that led her to break into the rv was definitely gone , though . 
 silently berated herself again , she started to pull away when i shadow passed by the light source , momentarily blocking it out , and the rv rocked slightly . 
 her heart was suddenly thundering in her chest . 
 someone was in there ! 
 lea 's gasp was like a whip crack through the silent camp , and she had pushed away from the window in her shock , not realizing what she 'd done . 
 she stood frozen in the dim moonlight that illuminated her . 
 `` lea ? '' 
 the soft call came from ox , and she spun toward him . 
 `` someone 's in there ! '' 
 she rasped . 
 other shadows around her stood at attention , and a noisy rattle came from one of the tents as something was knocked to the ground . 
 that was only the beginning of the cacophony as lea watched in horror as the tent collapsed , one of the supporting rods snapping loose and launching toward her . 
 it missed her by several feet but banged loudly against the side of the occupied rv . 
 a light flared to life , its beam manifesting from where it was mounted on the rv . 
 the door sprang open a second after lea dashed back to the shadows . 
 she made it in time , but unfortunately she was cowering in the shadow of the open door . 
 her hammering heart made her feel dizzy , and the fear of fainting came back ten-fold . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 the bellow came from a short , round-shouldered man that came swaying down the short rv steps . 
 he had a gut to match those shoulders , but lea did n't have time to analyze anything beyond that . 
 she forced her legs to move , attempting to slip around the corner while he was distracted . 
 `` mother fucker ! '' 
 the man cursed when he caught sight of the tent , and he stepped away from the rv , his back to lea . 
 she thought she was in the clear and hurriedly stepped further into the shadows when a rusted piece of metal siding snagged her shorts , ripping them open and piercing her sensitive flesh . 
 lea reversed direction , but she could n't correct her carelessness . 
 her moment was lost . 
 the sound of ripping fabric , her exaggerated movement , and her nearly inaudible gasp had drawn the attention she so desperately needed to dodge . 
 `` the hell ? '' 
 the man was muttering as he spun on her . 
 fear froze her in place , and the certainty of her discovery trapped her . 
 their eyes met , and she flinched as something like recognition flashed in his beady eyes . 
 had he seen her this afternoon ? 
 `` the fuck you think you 're doing ? '' 
 the man snarled , clearly hostile as he advanced . 
 they were only a few paces apart , and lea was n't going to wait to find out what he planned to do once he caught her . 
 without even thinking about her actions , she dropped into position and completed a beautiful spinning heel that connected nicely with the cop 's double chin . 
 having been caught off guard , the huge man flailed backward , and the power of her kick sent him into the dust . 
 lea 's movements were smooth , fluid . 
 her body reset into a defensive stance instinctively . 
 butterflies fluttered in her stomach and her will wavered as she became aware of another man advancing on her from behind . 
 she heard ox 's voice bellow a warning from the shadows . 
 `` dammit , lea . 
 run ! '' 
 she ran . 
 chapter 3 -- chase the sound of a struggle followed lea but quickly faded as she ran further into the trees . 
 that was when she became aware that someone was following her . 
 panic lent her speed , and she darted between the trees , her small form easily slipping through the tight spaces . 
 her pursuer fell back , and she knew her only hope of escape was hiding in the foliage , unless ... maybe she could make it to the ghost town and lose him in the maze of buildings . 
 she began to veer her course to the tourist attraction , already feeling the strain on her ribs and lungs , but she dare not stop . 
 as she zigzagged through the trees , she began to think her labored breathing was louder than her footfalls . 
 her lungs burned , but she kept her lead and burst through the tree-line to race past the ticket counter well ahead of her pursuer . 
 the old town had been turned into a tourist attraction , featuring a string of stores and restaurants , but thankfully it was under construction and closed for the season . 
 even though it was infested with security lights , there were still enough shadows for lea to lose herself in . 
 she turned down the first alley she came to , hoping to find a place to lay low for a bit , but found a smooth rock wall at the back of the building . 
 it was the perimeter wall circling the town , but nothing was there to help her climb it to freedom . 
 the only escape was between the backs of the buildings and the sheer wall . 
 suddenly , as she darted down the narrow path , she knew she should have stayed in the trees . 
 the feeling of impending doom crushed her insides when she realized she was trapped . 
 she had expected to take the next alleyway back to the main road of cobblestones , but there was no other alleyway . 
 up ahead , a security light on the outside of the wall illuminated a bend in the tight alley . 
 behind her , the sound of the following footfalls had faded . 
 panic and apprehension kept exploding in waves inside her body , giving her the energy she needed to keep the exhaustion at bay , but she would soon reach her limit . 
 lea pressed on , rounding the bend only to skid to a stop . 
 she emerged into something that resembled a small back yard , but mostly she noticed it was a dead-end . 
 the only exit was the way she had come . 
 whining , she looked around frantically for another way out and spotted a door hidden in the shadows . 
 she leaped toward it , grabbing for the knob , but found her only escape locked tight . 
 she moaned as a swell of loss tried to drag her down , but she could n't give up . 
 she moved to the bend and hid , hoping the element of surprise would give her the edge she needed . 
 now she waited , trying her best to catch her breath quietly . 
 she strained to hear the sound of footfalls but heard nothing over the rush of blood pumping through her ears . 
 she took a moment to squeeze her eyes shut , focusing on calming herself when the sound of a twig snapping sent her heart racing again . 
 he was out there , stalking her . 
 silence followed . 
 lea counted out the agonizing seconds that slipped by while she waited , and her breath suddenly caught in her throat as the security pole cast a shadow on the wall opposite her . 
 sweat trickled down her temple as the shadow crept closer , growing in size . 
 fear and anticipation rampaged through her as her mind urged him to turn around , to go back , to give up on her . 
 but , of course , he did n't give up . 
 his face was in shadow as he passed her , but the light shone down on his smooth , tanned back . 
 this was not officer tubby . 
 that back was broad and rippling with muscles , and where was his shirt ? 
 the stress of the situation was sending lea 's mind in a crazy spiral , and she mentally shook herself , forcing her mind to focus on escape . 
 then a beam of light flashed off the steel in his hands , a gun he was holding before him , and lea 's hope of running flew away . 
 now , her only chance was to disarm him before she fled . 
 lea had to move before he noticed her . 
 she could n't lose the element of surprise . 
 aiming to kick the gun from his grasp , lea attacked , but there was n't enough room for her to maneuver . 
 the kick fell short , and the cop reacted quickly , easily dodging her before dropping into the shadows . 
 already knowing her best chance was gone , her body instinctively recoiled into sudo-ma-ki . 
 mentally preparing for her next attack , she faltered when she heard the gun cock . 
 no matter how fancy her kicks were , or how well executed her punches , no amount of moo-du-kwan would help her escape a bullet , but she refused to give up . 
 this was n't over yet . 
 `` ashley . '' 
 the man said one word , and it froze every drop of blood in her body . 
 suddenly , she was struggling to breathe as if she had forgotten how . 
 that smooth , baritone voice had called her by a name she had left behind long ago . 
 her real name . 
 `` i 've been looking for you for a long time . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 her voice shook , and it was the only thing she managed to get out . 
 she dug deep to find her resolve and was able to hold her position despite the incredible shock . 
 `` not a cop , '' he answered as he lowered his gun . 
 `` i 'm a p.i. i 've been looking for you for nearly two years . 
 never thought i 'd find you working with nikki . '' 
 then he laughed . 
 the bastard actually laughed ! 
 ashley shook off the confusion as anger bubbled up to replace it . 
 she was n't going to let anyone take her back there . 
 jail was better than home . 
 `` who hired you ? '' 
 `` not your father , '' he said and went silent . 
 that was a relief at least , but who else would have been looking for her for that long ? 
 she had n't managed to get herself into that much trouble ... yet . 
 tonight was a turning point . 
 `` who hired you ? '' 
 ashley asked again and wished he would step forward so she could see his face . 
 her eyes tried to penetrate the shadows that surrounded him , but it was no use . 
 he chuckled , a smooth , disarming laugh that rattled her nerve . 
 `` client privilege . 
 i ca n't tell you . 
 besides , what fun would it be if i did ? '' 
 `` what the hell is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 she spat . 
 ashley ground her teeth in frustration and visualized her next attack as she prepared for an ap-chagi . 
 then the man relented . 
 `` lance walker . '' 
 the air stilled around her . 
 that name hit her harder than hearing her own . 
 she did n't have time to recover when the man stepped forward , and ashley found herself staring into the strong , handsome face of the undercover cop she had been dodging all day . 
 her attack crumbled . 
 he slowly advanced , closing the gap between them , and ashley managed to summon the resolve to glare into those mesmerizing green eyes , but it was a struggle . 
 her eyes were drawn to his full lips as they curved into a smile . 
 `` i never knew a man who wanted a woman more than he wants you . '' 
 `` we never actually met , you know , '' she stuttered . 
 did he really know lance ? 
 could he take her to him ? 
 she balled her hands into fists to keep them from shaking , but the p.i. noticed , and he cocked an eyebrow at her . 
 `` are you still planning to beat me up and run away ? '' 
 his look turned coy , letting her know what he thought of that idea . 
 it was obvious he did n't think her chances of escape were very high , and ashley sniffed derisively . 
 her eyes strayed to his body to size him up , and then lingered on his trim frame . 
 the security light did n't illuminate everything around him , but was that a washboard stomach ? 
 how could he be so beautiful ? 
 so perfect ? 
 heat rushed to her cheeks when she realized she was staring . 
 ashley swallowed hard , her confidence fading . 
 his eyes sparkled in the dim light , intent and full of heat as he stared down at her . 
 she knew she could n't escape him . 
 even if she slipped past him now , he would catch her . 
 a rebellious stir in her stomach dared her to run if only for him to give chase and tackle her . 
 her mind strayed , wondering what it would feel like to be wrapped in those strong , muscled arms ... stop it , ashley ! 
 she berated herself , struggling to find her focus . 
 he knows lance ! 
 supportive lance that helped talk her through the trauma of her home life . 
 lance , who helped her find the strength and courage to escape . 
 but lance was only a voice over the phone and one faded picture in her memories . 
 this man in front of her was real , and the situation with him no longer seemed dire . 
 it felt electric . 
 `` should i restrain you ? '' 
 he said , taking a step closer . 
 `` search you for any concealed weapons ? '' 
 ashley gasped , stepping back as he advanced and was stopped by the wall behind her . 
 where could she hide a weapon on her body ? 
 her shorts were practically painted on and nothing but her breasts were hiding in her halter-top . 
 she was n't concealing anything , and he knew it . 
 her pulse raced as he stepped closer , and she remained frozen against the wall . 
 he was slow , antagonizing slow as she watched him , waited for him to make a move , but nothing came . 
 he only stared down at her , closing the gap between them until he was mere inches away . 
 ashley leaned against the wall , trying to keep as much distance from him as possible , but she could n't deny the feeling of anticipation swimming through her stomach . 
 ashley was so transfixed by the intensity in his eyes that she did n't sense him moving until his fingers touched her bare thigh , and she jumped . 
 her gasp was audible , and she closed her eyes , embarrassed . 
 she had never been searched before , but she was positive this was n't how it was supposed to go down . 
 still , she could n't summon the words to make him stop . 
 the anticipation grew into desire , and her mind tried vainly to stop the feeling of pleasure that bloomed in her chest . 
 his hand moved up her side until his fingertips brushed bare skin at the top of her shorts , and she sighed . 
 the heat radiated in the space between their bodies , and she was afraid to look at him again , afraid she might be swept away . 
 then his other hand moved against her cheek , and her eyes flew open in shock . 
 he was there , so close to her , hovering an inch away . 
 they breathed the same air , and ashley could n't resist the slight pull of his fingers as he lifted her chin , lifted her lips to meet his . 
 his lips brushed over hers , softly , and her mind whirled . 
 why was he doing this ? 
 why was she letting him ? 
 for a moment , she was lost in the wonder , and she leaned into him , opening her mouth to accept him . 
 in a flash , he changed , ignited by the spark of her willingness , and the soft kiss turned passionate , hungry . 
 his arm wrapped around her , pulling her body hard against his , and ashley 's head spun in the euphoria of the moment . 
 she struggled to form a thought , to make sense of this drastic change in her situation , but she was being overcome . 
 her hands moved to his chest , feeling the hard muscles under his smooth skin , and she fought for the strength to push him away . 
 her arms would n't comply , and she moaned softly against his hungry mouth . 
 one of his hands slid into her hair and held her head firmly in place as his hot kisses burned her soft skin . 
 he gently caressed her , trailing his lips down the column of her slender neck , branding her . 
 she trembled in his arms , still fighting for sane thoughts while his hands moved across her body , caressing wherever they touched . 
 a thumb brushed the tip of her breast through the thin fabric of her halter top , and a flash of reality shot through her . 
 her mind won out , and her knee came up hard and swift to connect with his groin . 
 as she heard him gasp in shock , she tried to jerk away , but he did n't let her go . 
 instead , she pulled him off balance , and he dragged her to the ground with him . 
 she landed hard , the breath knocked from her , and was unable to struggle as he rolled on top of her . 
 `` damn you , '' she choked out at him , barely able to breathe , and his weight on top of her was n't helping . 
 `` that 's just what i was about to say . '' 
 he grimaced and buried his face in her neck , suffering from the blow she had given him . 
 she tried to push him away , but it was useless . 
 the man was heavy . 
 she growled in anger and frustration . 
 `` what the hell did you think you were doing ? 
 get off me ! '' 
 slowly , he raised his head from her neck and stared down at her , and she could see her anger reflected in his eyes . 
 `` you still do n't get it ? '' 
 confusion twisted her face as she stared back at him , but before she could reply , a light flooded over both of them . 
 `` this how you handle all your cases , lance ? '' 
 a husky voice said from behind the blinding light . 
 then it was angled away , and she could see the tubby undercover that she had kicked earlier . 
 then it hit her . 
 he had called him lance ... chapter 4 -- revelation ashley gasped as she stared at the man pinning her down . 
 the anger that had flared in his eyes was gone , but now they were unreadable . 
 suddenly , he grimaced again , pushing his face into her neck , but this time her skin tingled as his warm breath washed over her . 
 `` trust me . 
 i 'll get us out of this , '' he whispered before pulling away and roughly jerking her to a sitting position . 
 she glared at him . 
 trust him ? 
 not likely . 
 she recoiled from him , but he quickly grabbed her arm . 
 `` got any cuffs on you , hal ? '' 
 the big man grunted , and as one hand rooted around the bulk at his middle , the other began to rub his jaw where she had kicked him . 
 `` she 's a hell cat , ai n't she . '' 
 hal laughed as he tossed a bit of silver through the air , and it landed with an ominous jingle next to her . 
 lance snatched the handcuffs and turned back to her before she could flinch away . 
 he stayed in front of her , straddling her legs and pulling her hands behind her back while she got a close up view of his impressive chest . 
 again , she 'd never been handcuffed before , but she was pretty sure this was not how it worked . 
 her jaw dropped in shock before she snapped it closed and glared up at him . 
 as he pulled her hands together behind her back , his eyes strayed to the swell of her breast , and he looked back to her eyes and winked . 
 `` you jackass ! '' 
 she snapped , trying to jerk away from him , but his arms wrapped around her like a vice , subduing all her movements . 
 in his efforts to hold her , it put his face close to her ear again , and he whispered in a rush , `` you have to trust me ! '' 
 it took a moment , but ashley finally realized he had goaded her into action so he could give her another warning . 
 she scoffed , but what choice did she have ? 
 dread knotted in her stomach but she obediently let him pull her hands together behind her back . 
 then he surprised her . 
 he snapped the cuffs around her fingers , and they almost slipped to the ground before she caught them . 
 she had to close her eyes tight , as if in a grimace to hide her shock . 
 ashley stared at the ground as lance moved to help her to her feet . 
 her fingers gripping the rough steal so tight it hurt . 
 she glanced at the undercover lance had called hal and found the copious man staring at her with a smile of satisfaction on his pasty white face . 
 `` she 's the one you 've been lookin ' for , eh . '' 
 a leer replaced the smile , and his eyes roved over her body . 
 she cringed in disgust , but forced herself to stay silent . 
 subconsciously , she backed toward lance . 
 `` now that ya got ` er , was she worth it ? '' 
 `` more than you 'll ever know . '' 
 there was a heat in lance 's voice , and ashley realized he had noticed hal 's leer also . 
 she blinked in surprise as lance moved between them , obstructing her view of the loathsome man . 
 suddenly , she gained a new respect for him , and a deep realization that this was lance was slowly dawning on her . 
 he was more than just text in an email and a voice on the phone . 
 he was no stranger . 
 he was flesh and blood , and he was standing in front of her . 
 `` alright , boy . 
 i got ta get back to the scanner , '' hal grumbled , and ashley allowed herself a small smile . 
 lance turned to her , and she quickly wiped all emotion from her face , staring at him blankly . 
 he frowned , his eyebrows drawing together , and even in the dim lighting , he looked gorgeous . 
 he took her arm gently , and ashley pretended not to notice the flutter in her stomach as he guided her along . 
 `` so , what 's nikki got you up to , hellion ? 
 rob any liqueur stores lately ? '' 
 hal asked , making ashley gasp . 
 she stumbled for a response , but lance snapped back before she could find her voice . 
 `` she 's not a part of nikki 's gang , halbert . 
 i 've already told you that . '' 
 there was a definite undertone of anger in his voice , but she ignored it . 
 she did n't like this cop . 
 `` halbert ? 
 what the hell kinda name is that , pig ? '' 
 she laughed , taunting the fat man . 
 he turned swiftly for all his bulk , and ashley 's eyebrows shot up in surprise . 
 he took the bait so easily ! 
 `` you listen here , you little twat . '' 
 he stormed the few paces to her , but lance reacted quickly , stepping between them . 
 ashley saw a meaty arm swing for her , but she danced backwards out of his reach . 
 then her eyes flew open as she watched the smooth muscles ripple across lance 's back . 
 in one powerful display of force , lance pressed the big man against the wall , leaving his toes to barely reach the ground . 
 `` do n't even think about it . 
 she 's not a perp . 
 you wo n't lay a hand on her , '' lance growled , causing odd shivers to run through ashley . 
 ox had stood up for her before , but it had never made her feel like this . 
 the anger frightened her , but she was awed by his power and emotions . 
 again , her respect grew another notch . 
 then she noticed something else . 
 a burn in hal 's eyes that looked strangely familiar . 
 it was the same look her father got before he hit her . 
 she inched backwards , pressing herself against the wall while holding the cuffs tightly in her small hands . 
 her pulse sped up as lance relaxed , and she shook her head but could n't find the words of warning she needed . 
 her breath caught in her throat as the feeling of unease grew within her . 
 something was about to happen . 
 `` lea ! '' 
 the hoarse shout came from the other direction . 
 ox ! 
 her heart skipped a beat as lance began to move toward her , to protect her , but hal moved first . 
 lance was knocked violently forward , and ashley leaped out of the way . 
 she landed in the middle of the path as lance sprawled behind her . 
 the fat man grinned at her with a sadistic gleam in his eye that made her shudder , but now she had room to fight . 
 she let her instincts take over and dropped into position , one hand releasing the cuff so the steel dangling free behind her . 
 `` lea ! '' 
 `` ashley ! '' 
 one shout came from behind her , the other from beyond hal . 
 then the terrible clicking sound as two guns cocked simultaneously . 
 her heart thundered in her chest , but hal noticed none of it . 
 she let the void surround her , forced to deal with the threat directly in front of her . 
 now she was a part of every brick , every leaf , every breath . 
 it was the way ox taught her , to block out the world with all of her senses burning . 
 concentrate ! 
 hal lumbered toward her , and she moved to meet him , completing a spinning heel with a reverse knuckle punch , her foot catching him in the ribs as the cuffs slapped him across the face . 
 she pulled back , regaining her bearings and saw hal stagger backwards , blood welling under one eye . 
 before he could recover , she attacked again , afraid she would hear a gunshot echo through the ghost town . 
 she felt the impact as her foot connected with his chin , a flawless ap-chagi , and she recoiled to watch him fall on his face , no longer part of the waking world . 
 thinking quickly , she dropped to his body and cuffed his hands behind him , his wallet slipping easily into her quick fingers as she did so . 
 she stood , intending to go to lance , but ox 's strong arms pulled her away . 
 `` ashley , '' lance called , panic radiating in his voice . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she gasped . 
 sweat trickled down her neck , and her head swam with dread . 
 she had to stop him ! 
 begging , she grabbed the thick arm that held the gun , unable to move him , but she refused to let go . 
 `` please , craig . 
 this is lance . '' 
 the big man froze . 
 no one called him craig . 
 ashley was n't even sure anyone else knew ox 's real name , but he had confided in her . 
 she used it without thinking , but suddenly hoped it conveyed how desperate the situation had become for her . 
 his dark eyes stared down at her , and she begged again , `` please . '' 
 `` ashley ? 
 not lea ? '' 
 he whispered , a look of hurt flickering in his eyes . 
 it hit her profoundly that she had never trusted her given name to him , even though he had trusted her . 
 she tried to shrug it away . 
 `` lea is my middle name , '' she lied to soften the blow . 
 the hurt did n't fade from craig 's eyes . 
 lance cleared his throat . 
 she turned to see him standing a few paces away , the gun hanging loosely in his hand . 
 when her eyes found craig 's again , he was no longer looking at her . 
 `` take his gun , ashley , '' he said . 
 the use of her given name sounded like an accusation , and she winced . 
 she stepped toward lance , and he handed the gun to her without protest , though the worry was plain on his face . 
 she held the heavy steel in her hands for a long moment , guilt welling inside her until she looked at lance again . 
 really looked at him . 
 his strong jaw , bright green eyes and tousled hair . 
 somehow , she kept her eyes on his face instead of trailing down to his impressive bare chest . 
 ashley 's eyes drifted closed , and she summoned the buried memories , the soft croon of the man on the other end of the phone who promised love and safety . 
 a better life . 
 she compared it to the voice she had heard earlier , to the stranger . 
 he trusted her . 
 the gun she held in her hands proved that , but she could n't reconcile her memory with the man that had so passionately kissed her on a few moments ago . 
 remembering that kiss brought heat to her cheeks , and her eyes popped open . 
 she spun to hand the gun to craig . 
 the big man took it , tucking it into his plaid swim trunks , and motioned them to follow . 
 `` come on . 
 we 're leaving the lake . 
 nikki 's satisfied for now , '' craig mumbled , and the mixed emotions continued to swirl inside ashley . 
 she was pained she hurt craig , but was also hopeful now that lance walked beside her . 
 his hand brushed against hers , and then gently , hesitantly , his fingers laced through hers . 
 a small smile broke onto her face as she turned to look at him , enthralled momentarily by his eyes sparkling in the dim light . 
 no one even glanced at the unconscious cop lying on the ground behind them . 
 chapter 5 -- highway `` i assume you 're tagging along , '' craig said roughly as the three exited the tourist ghost town . 
 `` it took me two years to find her . 
 i 'm not letting her out of my sight , '' lance snapped back , his voice as hard as craig 's . 
 that prompted craig to stop and spin on the couple , towering over them both as he glared down at lance . 
 ashley saw his jaw tick as his teeth clenched , and she squeezed lance 's hand tightly as the tension grew . 
 craig 's eyes traveled down lance 's body , sizing him up , and stopped when he saw their clasped hands . 
 he sighed deeply and gave ashley another wounded look before saying , `` you have personals you need to collect from that camp ? '' 
 `` i do , '' lance nodded curtly . 
 `` just one bag . '' 
 `` how important is it to you ? '' 
 `` nothing in it 's important , '' lance scoffed . 
 `` but if you want to keep a missing persons report out of nikki 's hair , i suggest we make a brief pit stop . '' 
 that gave craig pause , and he gave lance a rueful grin . 
 `` i do n't trust you ... '' `` do you have a choice ? '' 
 `` but i trust her , '' craig finished as if lance had never interrupted him . 
 he stepped forward and leaned over him threateningly . 
 lance tensed but did n't back down . 
 craig growled , `` do n't fuck this up . '' 
 craig spun without another word , and after a quick look shared between them , ashley and lance followed . 
 ashley was lost in the dense woods , but craig knew right where they were going , surprising ashley when he stopped them in front of the darkened camp . 
 lance leaned close to her ear and whispered , `` do n't worry , ash . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 he quickly disappeared into the darkness , but ashley did n't notice as her heart stuttered and stole her breath . 
 he called her ash . 
 finally , the piece of recognition she needed clicked inside her . 
 how many times had he called her that before ? 
 `` i 'm sticking my neck out for you , kid , '' craig said , scattering her thoughts . 
 ashley smiled nervously and replied , `` he 'll be back . '' 
 craig snorted , but less than two minutes later , lance materialized from the shadows . 
 he was trying to button up his shirt with one hand while he carried a heavy duffel bag with the other . 
 the look of surprise on craig 's face showed how little faith he had in the other man . 
 he eyed lance carefully before grumbling , `` the shirt 's an improvement . 
 now , how am i going to explain you to nikki ? '' 
 craig continued to mutter as he led them back to his motor home , escorting the two of them inside right away . 
 ashley knew he did n't want to give any of the others a chance to start asking questions . 
 `` stay , '' he said firmly to both of them before slipping outside . 
 `` he 's ... pleasant , '' lance said after the door slammed behind craig . 
 `` he 's risking a lot , '' ashley answered , suddenly feeling shy . 
 she swallowed hard as she sat down on the built-in couch . 
 lance dropped his duffel bag on the table and sat down on the bench seat . 
 he frowned as he glanced around the small motor home and asked , `` what now ? '' 
 `` now we 're on holiday . '' 
 ashley rolled her eyes . 
 `` that means we split up for a while . 
 nikki will call us back in later . '' 
 lance stared at her , and ashley found it hard to meet his gaze . 
 his eyes were so intense , so penetrating . 
 she caught her bottom lip in her teeth and looked away . 
 lance finally asked , `` and what does this mean for you ? 
 for me ? 
 how did you even end up here ? '' 
 she should have been ashamed , but ashley grinned instead . 
 `` ox found me . 
 well , caught me actually . 
 i was trying to lift his wallet . 
 instead of breaking my arm , he offered me a hot meal and a place to sleep . '' 
 `` are you two ... '' lance started and visibly swallowed before continuing , `` are you two a thing ? '' 
 ashley burst into laughter . 
 `` oh , god , no ! '' 
 she got her words out between giggles , and even in her laughing fit , she noticed lance relax some . 
 the door flew open , interrupting whatever lance was going to say next , and cut off ashley 's laughter . 
 one of the twins entered , eyed the two of them and gave ashley a lecherous grin before moving to the passenger seat . 
 scott followed , snorted when he spotted lance at the table , and continued past them to flop down on the bed in the back . 
 craig was the last to enter . 
 he nodded to ashley before taking the driver 's seat , and soon after , the rv rumbled to life . 
 as the big vehicle started down the road , ashley drifting between sweet memories and gnawing uncertainty . 
 lance sat stiffly in the booth , obviously not comfortable in the presence of thieves , and they rode in silence for a long while . 
 they were on the road for over an hour when lance moved to sit beside her . 
 her heart immediately took up an excited drumbeat as butterflies swarmed in her belly . 
 he leaned in close , and her skin tingled . 
 `` will you go with me ? 
 will you let me take you out of this ? '' 
 he was sitting so close to her . 
 she could feel each breath he took , feel the steam form on her skin as he exhaled , feel his chest press against the back of her arm as he inhaled . 
 she did n't dare look at him , afraid of what might happen to her willpower if she were caught in those beautiful eyes . 
 instead , she stared down at her hands , wanting so bad to say yes , yet a part of her remained unsure of him . 
 a small part . 
 mostly , she wanted more than anything to lie in his arms and forget this crazy life she had stumbled into . 
 he shifted , pressing her down into the cushions as he reached out to gently run his fingers over the bare skin of her arm . 
 his soft touch sent a searing pleasure through her , and her heart skipped a beat . 
 she leaned her head against the wall , her eyes drifting closed as she struggled with her rising passions . 
 she could n't lose control . 
 a long , deep breath battled to still the wild hunger he had set off inside her , and she almost won . 
 then he lowered his head to her neck , burying his face against her , and all her walls crumbled . 
 chills ran through her , and she shivered with anticipation . 
 `` ash , '' he sighed , his voice caressing her name . 
 it carried with it a desperate plea , and she trembled . 
 it was too much , too soon , and even though he tugged at her , she fled . 
 slipping quickly from the couch , she fell into the bench seat he had left , her heart still thudding a steady rhythm in her chest . 
 too soon , she wanted to say , but when her eyes met his , the look of hurt and anger in the green depths froze her in place . 
 the passion in her stomach twisted into knots of tension , and she winced . 
 the ache of longing did not dissipate , though , but she could n't bring herself to go back to him . 
 not yet . 
 she needed a more time . 
 the trip dragged on , becoming uncomfortable as ashley avoided meeting his eyes . 
 the quiet was broken by scott 's snores from the back , and occasionally ashley caught craig shooting quick glances at her in the review mirror , but the trip was uneventful . 
 they finally came to a stop at a small roadside hotel , and ashley and the others waited while craig left to make the room arrangements . 
 ashley was tired , her mind and body drained from the excitement of the day , but she knew she would n't be able to sleep . 
 craig returned with four different room keys , and she followed behind the procession in a vague daze , unable to keep her mind off the rampaging feelings coursing through her . 
 lance was standing beside her , and she was hyper-aware of his every move . 
 she imagined she could feel the heat radiating off of him , and it was drawing her in , but she still could n't meet his eyes . 
 he followed her into their room , and the door shut behind him . 
 that was when she realized what craig had done . 
 she was alone with lance . 
 chapter 6 -- motel ashley 's head immediately snapped to him , trepidation and excitement mixing inside her belly . 
 she trusted him , but that did n't stop her from being afraid . 
 he would n't hurt her , she was sure of that , but she was nearly shaking with uncertainty . 
 she felt like she was on the edge of a cliff , about to step off . 
 then , as soon as their eyes met , he turned from her and disappeared into the small bathroom . 
 the faucet was turned on , and she heard the sound of running water . 
 ashley heaved a sigh , not sure what she should be feeling . 
 relief ? 
 disappointment ? 
 ashley slumped down on the bed and fell back exhausted . 
 her body craved him , but she tried to ignore it . 
 it had been so long since a man touched her , held her , made love to her . 
 craig would have killed anyone who had hurt her , and he would never have tried anything without her wanting it . 
 oh , it had been so long . 
 the time she spent waiting was unbearable . 
 what was he thinking right now ? 
 was he angry ? 
 upset that he was swept up in nikki 's affairs ? 
 the unanswered questions tortured her . 
 the water turned off , and lance emerged , minus his shirt once again . 
 ashley sat up , forcing herself to stare into those penetrating green eyes . 
 she was determined not to back down . 
 he moved to her , standing so close that she had to crane her neck back to meet his eyes . 
 he was so near her entire vision was filled with his broad frame , and the flames of passion leapt up ferociously inside her . 
 he fingered a strand of her wavy , black hair , and continued to her neck , caressing her skin softly with his fingertips , yet he looked angry . 
 his voice was rough as he whispered to her , `` are you going to keep running from me , ash ? '' 
 ashley gasped , and began to pull away , intending to explain ... not you . 
 i was never running from you . 
 but the words died in her throat as lance moved faster , bending to slip his other arm around her waist and pull her to her feet . 
 suddenly , she was crushed against his hard body . 
 she did n't struggle . 
 she could n't struggle . 
 her strength could never match his , but she could n't deny this was exactly where she longed to be . 
 she just had to remember to breathe . 
 any fear that remained was washed away by the fire that raged through her body . 
 timidly , she raised her face to meet his eyes . 
 those stormy green pools could capture her soul . 
 he lowered his face , gently brushing his lips across the top of hers . 
 her mouth opened beneath his , waiting for a kiss she wanted so badly , but he did n't give her the satisfaction . 
 instead , he pulled away to stare down at her once more . 
 `` i wo n't let you get away from me again . '' 
 his voice was husky , evidence of the passion that raged inside him . 
 ashley gave way to her body 's demands , and she pressed against him , euphoria and anticipation flooding through her . 
 her hands ran over his smooth back as she embraced him , and her lips brushed his tanned chest as she inhaled him . 
 his eyes drifted shut , and his lips parted ; his face a mask of rapture . 
 ashley needed more . 
 she rose on tiptoe to press her hips against his , finding the hardened source of his passion , and his stillness broke . 
 she felt more than heard his intake of his breath , and his hand that was trapped in her hair pulled her head to face him . 
 his lips came crashing down on hers , almost hurting in their urgency . 
 his tongue forced her lips apart , and she moaned into his mouth . 
 he pulled away to move his kisses down the slender column of her throat , burning wherever they touched . 
 she clung to him as shivers ran through her from head to toe , and her knees grew weak . 
 his hands moved down her sides , to her hips and thighs , and she writhed against them , forcing every bit of pleasure she could from them . 
 one hand cupped her breast and she arched herself into him , opening herself to him as his kisses steadily moved down her chest . 
 a moan escaped her as she buried her hands in his hair , pulling his head against her . 
 her body jolted as she felt his teeth bite down through the cloth of her halter top , roughly teasing the hard peak of her breast . 
 her moan drew him to his full height again , beckoning his lips back to hers for more hungry kisses . 
 the desire flooding her was a force that amazed her . 
 she could feel the blood rushing through her body , carrying waves of intoxicated passion that made her dizzy . 
 she did n't know how she remained standing ! 
 she could see him , smell him , feel him , and he was there with her , holding her . 
 he offered her a new life , a way to start over . 
 how could she refuse him ? 
 suddenly , a banging on the door pulled her back to reality , and she jerked herself away from him , shaking uncontrollably from their bodies breaking apart . 
 she quivered from the shock and turned an anxious look toward him to see the wild , smoky heat of passion that lingered in his eyes . 
 her skin burned everywhere he had touched her , branded her . 
 she was trembling as she made her way to the door , tossing a wary look at lance to see him buttoning the shirt that he hastily threw back on . 
 pulling the door open revealed craig standing there with a piece of rope in his hands . 
 she jumped out of his way as the big man barged heedlessly into the room , leaving her to shut the door on the cool night air . 
 `` i do n't trust him , lea ... '' craig started before pausing to look at her , his expression wounded . 
 `` i mean , ashley . '' 
 her skin flushed in a different way , burning with embarrassment now . 
 it was short lived , quickly replaced by worry as she registered the rope in craig 's hands . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 she gasped , suddenly frightened for lance , but craig looked down on her with that same hurt look . 
 for a long moment , they stood that way until craig finally reached out to gently cup her face in one of his big hands . 
 `` for my sake , kid . 
 either let me do this for tonight or i 'm sleeping in here with you . '' 
 ashley saw the genuine care in his eyes and it touched her . 
 slowly , she turned away and nodded at lance . 
 `` let him decide . 
 i 'll do whichever . '' 
 her voice was soft . 
 she would leave this decision to lance since he was the one to be bound . 
 the two men looked hard at one another until lance finally turned , offering his hands together behind his back . 
 craig sighed and gestured to the end of the bed . 
 `` over there and on the floor . 
 i do n't want you going anywhere . '' 
 ashley turned away as lance complied . 
 she huffed as she waited out the agonizing seconds as craig bound lance to the foot of the bed . 
 ashley felt craig rise and approach her , and the massive form of him towering at her back made her feel small and frail . 
 his big hand reached out to touch her arm and she pulled away , still feeling the fiery brand lance had left on her . 
 she turned to face craig , meeting his wounded gaze . 
 `` please , ashley . 
 promise me you 'll be careful with him . 
 i 'm in the room down from you . 
 scream if you need to . 
 just ... be careful . '' 
 his voice was a whisper , meant for her ears alone . 
 she stared up at him for a moment longer and nodded . 
 the last thing she wanted to do was let him down again . 
 `` i promise ... '' chapter 7 -- alone ashley flinched as the door slammed behind craig , and she stared after him for a moment as the new situation sank in . 
 the pounding of her heart slowly settled , and she moved to the end of the bed to look down at lance . 
 he gazed up at her , his expression blank . 
 he was helpless , sitting on the floor while tied to the foot of the bed . 
 her smile was genuine , a contrast to the sarcastic smile he returned as he cocked an eyebrow at her . 
 `` at least we 're together . '' 
 his tone was bitter , but ashley busted out laughing . 
 her body still tingled , but the heat of the earlier moment had been doused , and she felt the need for a little revenge after what he had put her through . 
 this seemed harmless and fitting . 
 `` i think it serves you right . 
 you knew who i was at the general store . 
 you did n't have to put me ... us , through that . '' 
 as she spoke , she straddled his legs and sat down on him , yet the hard bulge that had been there before had withdrawn . 
 her eyes could n't look away from his perfect lips , and she watched a small smile grow . 
 `` i was in a bit of a shock running into you like that . 
 i 'd searched half the states for you , and then you literally fall into my arms out of nowhere . 
 all i had to go by were a couple of faded old pictures , and those do n't do you justice . 
 i was stunned . '' 
 ashley turned her face away , trying to hide a blush . 
 she was not accustomed to hearing complements . 
 lance smiled again , and her eyes drifted back to his . 
 `` the next time i saw you , you were with that big beast of a man . 
 i figured i could find a better time to talk to you , although i never dreamed it would turn out the way it did . 
 i 'd say i was sorry , but i enjoyed watching that bastard cop get kicked in the face . '' 
 `` speaking of , i have a souvenir . 
 i 'm sure he wo n't miss it ... much . '' 
 she pulled the pilfered wallet from her back pocket and opened it . 
 both of their heads swiveled down as she riffled through it , pulling out a faded picture of a blonde , overweight woman , a social security card , two credit cards , twenty dollars in cash , and a small key that was hidden behind his driver 's license . 
 lance 's eyes looked back into hers . 
 `` i think he might miss that , '' he said thoughtfully , his brow furrowed . 
 ashley shrugged and tossed it on the bed , no longer caring about her find . 
 she watched him smile again , intrigued by his lips . 
 the memory of how they felt on hers was enticing . 
 she wanted to relive the moment . 
 touch them , feel them , taste them . 
 the need to do so was almost overwhelming , and the next time she met his eyes , the smoldering passion was there again . 
 anticipation shot through her , filling her stomach with butterflies . 
 she had to force herself to speak , but she needed to know now , before the pounding of her heart sent her over the edge . 
 `` why did you do it ? '' 
 her voice was soft , yet probing . 
 why would he have done it ? 
 why would he sacrifice a good part of his life for her without ever knowing her ? 
 they had shared hundreds of emails and talked over the phone late at night , - oh , how those late night phone calls had been such a comfort - but this was crazy . 
 he had been a fantasy , the perfect fantasy and a promise of a life she could never have . 
 her eyes trailed over his handsome face , and she found herself falling into those beautiful , green eyes . 
 her fantasy stared back at her . 
 a fantasy , yet he was flesh and blood . 
 he was real , and he had found her . 
 ashley waited for his answer , but the question faded from her mind as the fervor began to build inside her . 
 she watched his eyes rove over her ; her lips , the smooth skin of her neck , the tanned swell of her breast . 
 self-consciously , she caught her bottom lip in her teeth as she watched the longing creep into his eyes . 
 it was so powerful it was almost tangible . 
 the air turned to molasses , and her chest heaved as she remembered to breath . 
 chills ran over her body as the desire cascaded through her . 
 her question that seemed so important a second ago vanished as she watched lance 's head fall back against the bed . 
 he swallowed hard . 
 `` kiss me , ash . '' 
 it was a command . 
 it was a plea . 
 she could n't deny him any more than she could stop breathing . 
 her hands gripped the fabric of his shirt as she moved to him . 
 her lips brushed his , soft at first until her teeth pulled at his bottom lip and he reacted , savagely taking what control he could . 
 his kiss was hungry and desperate . 
 she moved her hips against him , finding his passion once again inflamed . 
 breathlessly , her head fell back , and she moaned softly , and his mouth was instantly against her neck , nibbling and sucking softly . 
 her fingers traced his chest , feeling the hard muscles flexed underneath , and she moved her head to his shoulder to taste his skin . 
 suddenly , his body jolted and the bed jerked . 
 `` dammit ! '' 
 his outburst startled her , and she pulled back to stare at the angry expression on his face . 
 as her chest heaved , she felt a small satisfaction in seeing that he was breathing hard too . 
 `` you 're not going to untie me , are you ? '' 
 a coy smile played over her lips as her hands moved to untie her halter top , and her words were practically a purr . 
 `` i think i like you like this . '' 
 lance did n't respond . 
 his eyes were glued to her fingers , and a flush rose over her body as she slowly removed the halter top to reveal a small , lacy bra . 
 he was mesmerized as he watched her fingers probe the middle of her bra , and she produced a small sheath that contained a razor blade . 
 she smiled as his eyes widen in surprise . 
 `` it 's not really a weapon , but a girl 's got ta be prepared . '' 
 ashley reached around him and dropped the sheath into the palm of his hand . 
 he gave her a half grin . 
 `` is this supposed to help ? '' 
 `` i think you would have done well enough without it . '' 
 she smiled back and stood . 
 it ached to leave him , but she wanted to wash the sweat and dirt from her body while she had the chance . 
 she wanted to be clean when she gave herself to him . 
 his eyes drank her in , trailing over her before finally looking up to meet her gaze . 
 `` i 'm going to take a shower , '' she said , turning away quickly before his pull dragged her back to him . 
 before she shut the bathroom door , she heard him say , `` i 'll be here when you get out . '' 
 chapter 8 -- night the hot water poured over ashley , and she struggled to control the lusty emotions that pulsed through her . 
 she did n't want to waste time lingering in the shower , so she rushed herself , making sure the water quickly washed all the suds away . 
 when she stepped out , the towel barely touched her skin except to wrap around her , and she opened the door soaking wet , eager to get back to lance . 
 she found him with a look of concentration on his face , but his expression went slack when he saw her . 
 his eyes met hers , and she could n't stop the smile that curved the corners of her lips . 
 `` that was fast , '' he said simply , apparently not having time to cut through the ropes just yet . 
 `` i could n't keep you waiting , now could i ? '' 
 ashley smirked as she moved to turn the lamp off , his eyes following her towel clad body the whole way . 
 when she flipped the switch , the room plunged into darkness , but it only took a second for her eyes to adjust as the security light outside filled the room with a soft blue glow . 
 she moved to stand over lance , watching his eyes take in her bare legs , knowing full well that there was light enough in the room for him to see her clearly . 
 before the butterflies in her stomach got the best of her , she straddled his legs to sit down in his lap again . 
 his eyebrow rose as he looked her over , the droplets of water still drying on her skin made her sparkle . 
 `` you 're wet , '' he said with a chuckle . 
 she caught the double entendre . 
 glad the darkness hid her blush , she whispered , `` if you only knew . '' 
 `` let me find out . '' 
 his voice was husky , the mirth gone instantly . 
 his eyes smoldered in the dim light . 
 `` maybe , '' she whispered coyly as she moved her hand along the collar of his shirt . 
 `` if you 're a good boy . '' 
 her finger hooked the top of his shirt and pulled gently , causing the top button to pop free . 
 he glanced down at her hands . 
 `` oh , i can be good ... '' `` shhh . 
 i think i like you like this . '' 
 she was growing bolder . 
 `` all wrapped up like a nice little present for me . '' 
 her fingers popped the second button on his shirt . 
 that 's when she noticed his hands were still moving , working to free himself from his bonds . 
 she was going to enjoy him being tied up for as long as she could . 
 her fingers popped the third button . 
 `` kiss me , '' he demanded , just as he had earlier , but she had other plans . 
 she moved one hand to his face and caressed his bottom lip with her thumb . 
 he responded with a small sigh , his lips parting as she touched him . 
 he moved his mouth over the tip of her thumb , sucking and teasing with his lips . 
 she sucked in a quick , startled breath as she experienced the sensation . 
 when his teeth bit down gently on her skin , her other hand popped the fourth and final button . 
 she pulled her hand away from his mouth so she could open his shirt and expose his broad chest . 
 she wanted to explore every inch of him . 
 her fingertips traced over the heart-shaped patch of hair in the middle of his chest before trailing down to his hard stomach and ending at the thin trail of hair that disappeared into his pants . 
 his smooth , tanned skin was flawless . 
 his body perfect . 
 he was watching her the whole time she was examining him . 
 one hand went back to his face while the other continued to caress his torso . 
 `` tell me why ... '' `` why ? '' 
 his eyebrow rose . 
 `` is n't it obvious ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 maybe not . '' 
 she shrugged as she smiled . 
 she continued to caress his face as she waited for an answer . 
 `` i love you , ash . '' 
 the sincerity in his voice lifted the ton of worry and guilt from her . 
 she closed her eyes , leaning her head forward to rest against his , forehead to forehead . 
 his words stole her breath . 
 `` i 've loved you for a very long time . '' 
 `` i know , '' she murmured , overcome . 
 tilting her chin forward , her lips brushed against his . 
 a soft sigh escaped her . 
 `` i love you , too , '' she breathed so softly she was surprised he heard her . 
 but she knew he had , and he responded by kissing her gently , his lips pressing against hers so sweetly , so differently than before . 
 it was a kiss filled with love , and she returned it just the same ... for a moment . 
 then passion rose again . 
 her tongue slipped between her lips to explore his . 
 he responded with his teeth gently pulling on her bottom lip before he kissed her more forcefully . 
 she gasped as she slid her hands inside his shirt and across his back , feeling his hard muscles flex beneath her palms . 
 suddenly , there was a ` pop ' and he was free . 
 ashley squealed with laughter as his arms wrapped around her and pulled her body against him . 
 her towel began to fall free , and she clutched it to her , suddenly shy . 
 `` i do n't think you 'll need that anymore . '' 
 he smirked , and a tug of war with the towel started . 
 she giggled as she nimbly escaped his grasp , fleeing from his reaching arms , but he was quick . 
 as soon as she was on her feet , he was standing beside her and pulling her against him . 
 she could n't stifle her excited laughter . 
 he leaned his head into the bend of her neck and kissed her , sending shivers through her body , and the game was over . 
 she could n't resist him any longer . 
 leaning into him , she let him pull her to the bed and gently lay her down . 
 she still gripped the edges of the towel as she rolled onto her stomach , but it barely covered her at all . 
 `` why so modest ? '' 
 he said as his shirt flew to the floor . 
 his pants quickly followed , and she looked over her shoulder at him in awe of his perfect form . 
 he leaned over her , his hands gently moving up her legs , her thighs , her hips . 
 he caught the towel , and she let him pull it away . 
 he kissed her , first on the small of her back , and then moved his way up her body . 
 they were soft , slow kisses that almost tickled , but were driving her wild . 
 she was breathing heavily as he rose to his knees , grabbed her hip and flipped her to her back . 
 completely exposed to each other , she trembled underneath his gaze . 
 his eyes took in everything as his fingertips traced her body , exploring everything he touched . 
 she reached for him , longing to touch him , and ran a hand over his muscled arms . 
 he leaned forward to kiss her stomach softly , sensually . 
 her hands immediately went to his head , her fingers tangling in his dark hair , and she gripped tightly as his mouth covered the hard peak of her breast . 
 she moaned as his tongue teased the sensitive skin , and she arched her back against him . 
 his kisses continued to sear her flesh as he moved up her chest , her neck , and finally her lips . 
 she kissed him back fiercely , her body wanting so much from him . 
 the smell of him , the weight of him , intoxicated her . 
 ashley 's arms and legs wrapped around him , clasping him to her , and he lowered his body against hers . 
 `` do you want this ? '' 
 he whispered against her lips . 
 `` do you want me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she moaned , her body aching for him . 
 his hips hovered over her , tantalizing her with the promise of him , but not moving . 
 she begged , `` please , yes ! 
 i want you ! '' 
 lance 's hips pressed forward , and he slid easily into her waiting body , both moaning as the tension was finally broken . 
 the burning desire filled with a pleasure so deep it was almost pain , but it was euphoric . 
 she moaned , her fingers once again tangling in his hair as she pulled his mouth to hers . 
 the heat of his body scalded her , and she clung to him as he gently began to rock her back and forth . 
 her hips matched his rhythm , demanding the bliss he offered . 
 waves of passion rose and fell inside her , building as they grew stronger and stronger until the dam broke . 
 a tidal-wave crashed through her , and her legs squeezed his body tightly as she writhed under him . 
 she threw her head back and was once again arching her body against him , biting her lip in an attempt to stifle the moans . 
 within moments , she felt him stiffen against her , insider her . 
 a soft growl escaped his lips as he pressed hard into her and shivered . 
 she kissed him , passionately at first , but it faded to tenderness as the waves within them receded . 
 he buried his face in her neck , and they clung to each other as they regained their breath . 
 almost reluctantly , lance rolled off her , but pulled her body with him , and they ended with him on his back and her head resting comfortably on his chest . 
 `` like i said , you did n't need this . '' 
 his voice was still husky as he landed on the towel , and he jerked it out from under him to toss it on the floor . 
 then he gently kissed her forehead . 
 `` i love you , ash . '' 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 ashley giggled as she threw a leg over him and snuggled deeply against him . 
 she was so content , and her body so spent that she did n't realize she was drifting to sleep . 
 the morning light woke her , and she raised her head to smile at lance as he blinked the sleep out of his eyes . 
 she was elated that it had n't been a dream . 
 ashley 's ultimate fantasy was real , and perfect , and cradling her in his arms . 
 part two the take chapter 9 -- free ashley stretched , the morning light illuminating her as she worked the stiffness out of her muscles . 
 basking in the glorious way her body felt , she opened her eyes to see lance propped on one elbow watching her . 
 he reached out to rub his fingertips along her taut belly to the curve of her hip . 
 he started to pull her to him , but she rolled away giggling and came off the bed to toss a mischievous grin his way . 
 `` i think i need another shower . '' 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 he chuckled in reply , sounding only slightly disappointed as he watched her bounce to the bathroom . 
 after a few moments , she poked her head back out . 
 `` i think i need someone to wash my back . '' 
 she smirked , and lance needed no more prodding . 
 he was beside her within moments . 
 the luxurious warmth of the never ending stream of water sustained them for well over an hour . 
 ashley stumbled out of the bathroom to fall on the bed exhausted , her body still dripping wet . 
 lance followed her out , toweling himself dry before moving to wipe the water droplets off her body . 
 that turned into a massage that felt absolutely exquisite when his fingers gently kneaded her sore muscles . 
 `` oh god , what time is it ? '' 
 she mumbled into the covers . 
 `` just a little past eleven , '' he replied , and ashley stared at him dumbly as something close to panic rose inside her . 
 `` craig would never let us sleep this late . '' 
 she shot up , grabbing her bag to pull out a small t-shirt and panties . 
 `` we should have been on the road already . 
 something must be wrong . '' 
 `` well , what 's this ? '' 
 lance pointed to the door . 
 neither had noticed before , but there were four bulky envelopes that looked to have been pushed under the door during the night ... or early morning as it was . 
 ashley stopped her panicked rush to get dressed , and dropped to her knees in front of the door . 
 she already had an idea of what it might be , and her heart was doing somersaults in her chest as her stomach sunk with sadness . 
 blood pumped loudly in her ears with both worry and exhilaration . 
 reaching for the envelopes with trembling hands , she was sure of what was inside from the shape and weight . 
 her nervous fingers could barely pull the flap open to confirm her suspicions . 
 cash . 
 as much cash that could be stuffed in an envelope and fit under the door . 
 she grabbed the second , the third , the fourth ; all stuffed with cash . 
 the last envelope had a letter with a key wrapped inside it . 
 she could hear lance getting dressed , and with a quick glance over her shoulder , she saw him fishing for something behind the bed . 
 she sighed as her fingertips traced the folds of the paper before she opened it to read the letter , her eyes welling with tears . 
 lea , it 's been quite a ride , has n't it , kid ? 
 i think it best you get out while you can . 
 i 'll take care of nikki . 
 just disappear for a while , and she 'll stop looking for you eventually . 
 here 's your cut and mine , and a little something extra . 
 i would n't keep the sentra too long . 
 ditch it the first chance you get . 
 just stay clean and take care of yourself . 
 this was never the life for you . 
 never forget you , kid . 
 ~ c she half sighed , half sobbed as she crumpled the letter in her lap , tilting her head back as tears fell from her eyes . 
 lance was beside her in an instant , brushing her tears away as she held her breath . 
 she needed a few moments to silently say goodbye to her dear friend . 
 then she threw her arms around lance as she whispered against him , `` i 'm free . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he rocked back as he caught her against him . 
 then she leaped to her feet to spin around as the elation finally set in . 
 she yelled , `` i 'm free ! '' 
 and danced around lance as he stared at the envelopes . 
 he glanced at her , one eyebrow raised , before taking them to the bed and dumping out the contents . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he said again confused . 
 ashley smiled at him as she thumbed through the cash . 
 `` they 're gone . 
 craig cut me loose . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 a third time , and ashley busted out laughing . 
 both hands on his shoulders , she turned him to face her . 
 she was beaming . 
 `` i am free ! 
 they must have left early this morning like they always do . '' 
 `` and you trust me ? '' 
 lance looked at her , his eyebrow raised again as he held up a wad of cash . 
 `` i could mug you , and leave you here destitute . '' 
 `` but you would n't do that . 
 you 're lance walker , knight in shining armor , and my savior . '' 
 as she was fingering through the cash , she sighed , the elation briefly dipping into melancholy . 
 `` craig knew that too . '' 
 then she began to count . 
 lance chuckled a bit and started to count his own stack until it was broken up in neat little piles . 
 ashley said , `` i 've got twenty-five hundred . 
 how much do you have ? '' 
 `` over 4k , '' he replied , shaking his head in disbelief . 
 `` we nearly have 7k to get us to baltimore . 
 this is your take i 'm assuming ? '' 
 his green eyes bore into hers , bordering disapproval . 
 she responded with a shrug . 
 `` had to make a living . 
 was n't just my take , though . 
 craig 's too , and if i 'm not mistaken , all of bobby 's . 
 he disappeared in jacksonville . '' 
 his expression softened some , and she sighed sadly . 
 `` craig was n't all bad . 
 he always made sure i was taken care of . 
 wait ... baltimore ? 
 what ? '' 
 `` thief , '' he said simply in response before grabbing her and pulling her against him , smothering her in a deep kiss that muddled her mind . 
 `` one more heist . 
 what do ya say ? '' 
 he whispered to her when he let her up for air . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she muttered , trying to breath . 
 she was still suffering from heady head rushes being so close to him and felt like she would fall if his strong arms were n't holding her up . 
 she shook off the effects of his unexpected kiss , her body too sore to engage in anything more passionate right now . 
 `` this . '' 
 he held up a small key , the same key she had pulled out of hal 's wallet last night . 
 `` baltimore . '' 
 she took it from his hand , examining it carefully . 
 it was just a small key with b110l engraved on one side . 
 she gave him a quizzical look as she handed it back to him . 
 `` hal called it his retirement plan , '' lance scoffed . 
 `` he was always talking about his great ` five by five ' retirement plan . 
 that shit was getting old . '' 
 he huffed at that before continuing . 
 `` one night , i got enough mad dog in him to come clean . 
 found out the key 's to a storage room in baltimore . '' 
 he tossed the key in the air and caught it , then slid it into his own wallet . 
 `` and did he tell you what 's in this retirement plan of his ? '' 
 she folded her arms across her chest as she cocked an eyebrow at him . 
 `` not directly . '' 
 he winked at her . 
 `` but he was dumb enough to drop enough hints . 
 he was skimming from the narcotic evidence room as far as i could tell , probably for at least seven years . 
 you ready to beat him back to baltimore ? '' 
 `` that fat ass probably has n't woken up yet . '' 
 she giggled , and started throwing the cash in her purse . 
 she pulled on her pants quickly and turned back to him . 
 `` let 's go . 
 i got a ride to get us part of the way . 
 the last gift from craig . '' 
 `` good man , that craig . 
 good man , '' he quipped , and ashley grinned as he followed her out of the hotel room . 
 chapter 10 -- storage the drive began , and ashley felt like she was in a dream . 
 she would catch glances of lance out of the corner of her eye , and all she could think about was how her knight had rescued her . 
 it was ridiculous , she knew it , but the thought made her feel euphoric . 
 they ditched craig 's old sentra in charleston and picked up a nice rental . 
 despite ashley 's nervousness about that process , lance was an upstanding citizen of the law so the process was quick and painless . 
 she did make him swing by an outlet store along the beach so she could pick up a change of clothes . 
 everything important to her was in her purse , but her wardrobe had gone with craig . 
 they listened to the radio , talked about their childhood , although ashley avoided conversation about her family , and took turns driving as the miles flew by . 
 they ended up stopping for the night outside of richmond so they could hit the road early the next morning . 
 neither one of them had the energy left for much extra-curricular activity that night and she quickly fell asleep in his arms and woke up with him still holding the next morning . 
 his eyes sparkled as he looked into hers , spawning butterflies in her stomach . 
 she sighed contentedly , `` will it always be this way ? '' 
 `` every day . '' 
 he leaned over and kissed her forehead , and she burrowed her face against him . 
 with her emotions still scattered across the spectrum , she was hiding tears she hoped he did n't see . 
 ashley was overwhelmed with this new , incredible turn in her life , but there was a deep fear inside her that it would be stripped away , just like every other happy moment she could remember . 
 she swallowed the fear , convincing herself this would be different , this was different . 
 his lips found hers as the dawn seeped through the window shades , and his soft caresses washed away her trepidation . 
 she clung to him , reveling in their love and letting it drown her anxiety and confusion . 
 within the hour , they were on the road and would make baltimore by mid-morning after a short stop at a road-side diner for breakfast . 
 ashley marveled that even the food seemed to taste better with lance by her side . 
 `` so do you know which storage place we need to go too ? '' 
 `` yeah , that key is to a-1 privacy storage , '' he replied . 
 `` there 's only one location inside the city , so we 'll try there first . 
 i just hope i can crack the gate code . '' 
 `` gate code ? '' 
 she asked through a mouthful of pancakes , and lance smirked at her , causing her cheeks to flush with embarrassment . 
 `` yes . 
 would be a shame to have that stop us . '' 
 `` never stopped me before , '' she said as she turned back to her pancakes . 
 lance laughed out loud before responding , `` what have i gotten myself into . '' 
 he shook his head briefly , teasing her before smiling , showing off his gleaming white teeth . 
 `` hal was a pretty simple guy , so it might not come down to that . '' 
 `` you think he 's simple enough to report the theft ? '' 
 `` possibly , and i 'm sure they 've got surveillance cameras up . 
 maybe not covering the whole lot though . '' 
 he frowned , obviously in thought . 
 `` you should let me go in just in case . '' 
 `` no , '' he responded quickly , nearly cutting her off , but she shook her head at him . 
 `` you ca n't argue this with me , '' ashley said sternly . 
 `` my record 's not so clean , but yours is . 
 i ca n't let you risk that . 
 this is just a grab and go in a deserted storage building . '' 
 he stared into her eyes for a few seconds before sighing in resignation , `` guess it would n't be your first time then , eh ? '' 
 `` no , not my first time , '' she whispered , feeling ashamed about her life up to this point , but lance was nodding . 
 she pushed past her feelings and continued , `` do you know what i 'll be looking for ? '' 
 lance shrugged at that . 
 `` no , hal was never that in depth about what he actually took . 
 you sure you want to do this ? '' 
 `` positive , '' she said without hesitation . 
 lance nodded again and smiled at her . 
 `` last time , right ? '' 
 it was her turn to laugh now . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 they finished their breakfast and walked to the car , hand in hand . 
 the closer they got to baltimore , the quieter the drive became as nervous tension filled the air . 
 ashley may have been confident in the diner , but she had never really been deeply involved in the jobs . 
 mostly she had served as look-out , and craig never actually allowed her to do anything more than that . 
 she was positive she knew what to do after hearing so many stories , though . 
 she drove as lance navigated . 
 they were following a map he had picked up at a gas station , and as the sign for a-1 popped up , her heart started thudding in her chest . 
 the black steel security fence seemed intimidating as they pulled into the parking lot . 
 `` well , time to test my theory , '' lance sighed , opening hal 's wallet as she pulled up to the gate 's keypad . 
 after reading the posted instruction sign she muttered , `` it 's just four digits . '' 
 `` okay , give this a go first . '' 
 lance read of a sequence of four numbers from hal 's driver 's license , and she punched them in , turning back to lance to shake her head when the device beeped angrily at her . 
 he smirked , `` that would have just been too easy , would n't it ? '' 
 he gave her four more numbers to try , and again , she received an angry beep . 
 lance sighed . 
 `` maybe we hoped for too much . 
 how about ... '' she tried the last set of numbers he gave her but got another blaring beep . 
 she bit her lip as lance pulled out hal 's social security card , and she decided to try something else . 
 hal might not have been the sharpest tool in the shed , but someone who rented space here had to be the dullest . 
 she pressed 1 2 3 4 . 
 the tone that answered her was a higher pitched , much happier note , and a whirring sound followed as the mechanism slowly opened the gate for them . 
 lance gave her a dumbfounded look , and she shrugged . 
 she pulled in slowly , seeing rows upon rows of garages and had to look to lance for direction again . 
 he pointed towards a bigger building in the back and said , `` i think the five by five hal talked about was the indoor storage . 
 let 's head over there . '' 
 her heart was beating faster , and the palms of her hands were starting to sweat as she pulled into a parking spot in front of the building . 
 there was only one other car in the parking lot that she could see , and ashley assumed it belonged to an employee . 
 as she parked , she took a deep breath and hoped her courage would n't fail her now . 
 `` are you still sure ? '' 
 lance asked , raising an eyebrow at her . 
 `` absolutely , '' she said , not sounding absolute at all . 
 `` let me have his wallet in case i run into another keypad . '' 
 he handed it to her with the key pressed on top , trapped under his thumb . 
 she slipped both into her pant pocket as she reached for the door , and lance surprised her by grabbing her forearm , pulling her in for a quick kiss . 
 `` if anything seems off , or if you 're unsure , you back out right away . 
 okay ? '' 
 he whispered , his eyes pleading . 
 she nodded and kissed him on the nose . 
 `` of course , '' she said with a smile , and hopped out of the car before her nerves could stop her . 
 she inhaled deeply as she reached the glass doors and felt a blast of the cold air hit her in the face as she pulled one open . 
 once inside she was relieved to see that the employee counter was empty . 
 there was a door ajar , and she could hear a tv or radio playing from beyond it , but no one was there to greet her . 
 her eyes quickly scanned the entry room and found where the surveillance camera was most likely hidden . 
 there was one door with a keypad lock , and another door with the universal picture of stairs on it and a `` b '' below the picture . 
 `` that ca n't be wrong , '' she muttered under her breath and took the door to the stairwell before anyone could greet her . 
 she wiped the sweat from her palms , feeling more confident now that she had conquered the first obstacle . 
 her eyes continued to scan for surveillance cameras , but the stairwell was clear . 
 she took her time with the steps , not wanting to raise her heart rate any more than it already was . 
 she was so far from calm but needed to keep her cool in case she did run into someone . 
 when she reached the top of the stairs , there was only one door and one keypad . 
 she cocked an eyebrow at it and uttered dramatically , `` so we meet again ! '' 
 despite the situation , ashley actually smirked at herself . 
 she began to press in her trusty combination , 1 2 3 4 , and smirked again when she heard the locking mechanism release in the door . 
 `` brilliant . '' 
 she stifled a laugh as she entered into the storage facility proper and looked down hallways full of rows and rows of storage rooms . 
 the first thing she noticed was a keypad for every locked door . 
 she sighed deeply and chewed on her bottom lip as she started off in search of room 110 , keeping a wary eye out for surveillance cameras . 
 it seemed easy to get her bearings . 
 everything was labeled alphabetically so she picked one of the hallways to turn down . 
 she walked in search of aisle b , but only the lower letters of the alphabet were on this side of the building . 
 when she reached the far wall , she took a left down the long corridor and watched the storage room numbers rise as she walked past . 
 91 . 
 92 . 
 93 . 
 when she reached 100 , she was in the center of the building where a hallway divided the storage rooms into two sections . 
 she kept going in the same direction and stopped when she saw hallway u , storage room 191 . 
 she huffed in frustration . 
 `` who designed this place ? '' 
 ashley turned around to walk down the central corridor , passing more rows until she finally found isle b . 
 she started down the aisles and did n't stop until she was on the opposite end of the building from where she started . 
 `` figures , '' she muttered , rolling her eyes to herself , but she had finally found storage room 110 . 
 she took a deep breath , not out of nervousness this time but anticipation , and frowned at the keypad . 
 there was an extra padlock on the door as well . 
 `` now , how do you work ? '' 
 she slipped the key in and turned the lock . 
 the padlock released , but the keypad lock held the door secure . 
 she shrugged , pressed 1 2 3 4 , and got an angry beep . 
 a red l.e.d light glared at her . 
 she pulled out hal 's wallet , took a quick glance at his social security card , and pushed in the last four digits . 
 when the light flashed green and she heard the keypad release , she scoffed , `` dumb-ass . '' 
 dumbfounded by the stupidity , she could n't help but shake her head as she slowly opened the door to peer into the small room . 
 there was an old writing desk with two drawers and a chair pushed neatly underneath . 
 four large , cardboard boxes sat to the side of the desk , stacked neatly against the wall . 
 that was it . 
 there was nothing else in the room . 
 ashley went to the desk first , immediately going for the drawers but found only notepads and pencils in one , and the second one empty . 
 she reached for the top box , pulling it to the desk so she could look inside . 
 luckily , it was n't heavy . 
 she opened the top to peer in and saw only clothes . 
 she moved the top layers around , revealing more clothes beneath . 
 frowning , she moved on to the second box , and then the third . 
 clothes , clothes , and more clothes . 
 she huffed as she bent to the fourth box and was pulling at the flaps when a hand grabbed the side of her head , slamming her hard against the desk . 
 ashley reeled , slumping to the floor as stars flashed behind her eyelids . 
 her thoughts whirled . 
 dimly , she realized she was being attacked , and a large shadow fell over her before she had a chance to scream . 
 chapter 11 -- accomplice hands grabbed her shirt , jerking her roughly , but ashley 's instinct kicked in . 
 she got her feet underneath her and pushed back against her attacker . 
 by stroke of luck , the back of her head collided with his chin , catching him off guard . 
 it was enough for her to break away from his grasping hands . 
 she spun , still dizzy from the blow to her head , but managed to center herself enough to regain her focus . 
 her attacker was tall and lean , had dusty blond hair , and wasted no time coming at her again . 
 she had nowhere to go . 
 the room was too small . 
 she dropped to her knees as he reached for her , and his hands clasped only air above her head . 
 she punched out hard , straight to his groin . 
 the man huffed as he collapsed on top of her , neither one of them in the proper position to attack , but he still had the advantage . 
 he could hold on to her while she struggled to get away , and there was no chance for her to overpower him . 
 panic raced through her body as she fought to gain some type of control over a situation that was quickly becoming dire . 
 ashley braced her legs under her and pushed up , using her small body as a weapon . 
 she threw him off balance , and his head smacked against the desk . 
 it was n't a hard hit , but his grip loosened as he tried for a better hold . 
 she would n't be subdued so easily . 
 she was panicked but growing angry . 
 continuing to use her body as a battering ram , she kicked off from the floor and drove herself into him . 
 his head slammed against the wall and rebounded against the desk . 
 his grip on her was gone , and she went careening into the wall as she sprang away from him . 
 within seconds , he was reaching for her again to stop her flight , but thoughts of flight were gone . 
 she was pissed . 
 she kicked him square in the face . 
 hard . 
 her heel connected with his upper lip , scoring a solid hit and sending his head into the desk one more time . 
 `` jesus ! '' 
 he spat blood and reached for the gun tucked into his belt harness . 
 she had n't noticed that before . 
 ashley was about to be in real trouble and frantically kicked at his hands . 
 she was n't willing to give up yet , and she already figured this guy was n't exactly on the straight and narrow . 
 `` goddammit ! '' 
 he yelled , giving up on his gun and grabbed at her kicking leg instead . 
 he kicked out , sweeping the foot she was balanced on out from under her , and she fell back , landing hard on her ass . 
 scrambling backwards into the hallway , she stared up at the gun that had made it to his hands . 
 the option of flight was gone . 
 there was nowhere to hide from a bullet in these straight hallways , and she did n't know if she wanted to chance this guy actually pulling the trigger . 
 `` fuck , '' she said simply , staring up at him . 
 `` yeah , why do n't you calm down and get back inside here , eh ? '' 
 he sneered and leaned to the side to spit out a mouthful of blood . 
 `` hal was n't lying about you . '' 
 `` oh , we 're good friends , '' she snapped as she complied with his instructions , slowly inching her way into the storage room . 
 of course , he knew hal . 
 that was no surprise . 
 her head was throbbing from where he 'd slammed her against the desk , but the adrenaline pumping through her helped to clear her mind . 
 she had to get the gun away from him . 
 `` so , i take it you 're the muscle in this operation ? '' 
 she sniffed , sizing him up . 
 he was taller than hal and definitely more fit than the tubby pig . 
 his blue eyes were cold as they glared at her from a rounded face , framed with chubby cheeks that drooped with age . 
 she pegged him early forties and smirked as she noticed his upper lip was already starting to swell . 
 `` shut up , '' he growled . 
 `` i have to figure out what to do with you now . '' 
 ashley could see him thinking through his problems , his facial expression contorting from anger to confusion and back again . 
 could he be thinking about killing her ? 
 no , certainly not . 
 that was much too drastic for the crime here . 
 it did n't fit . 
 more likely he was thinking about kidnapping her and dumping her somewhere later , but how to get her out of here without notice ? 
 the employees were scarce , but there were still the surveillance cameras . 
 what about lance ? 
 she swallowed hard , thinking about lance sitting in the car waiting for her . 
 how long would he wait ? 
 she had only been in here ten minutes at most , but what would he do when twenty minutes had gone by ? 
 thirty ? 
 she knew he would come looking for her , and she was sure that would n't be a good thing . 
 `` going through an awful lot just to protect some clothes . '' 
 she cocked an eyebrow at him , digging for more information as she tried to stall him . 
 he glanced at the boxes and a sly grin crept across his face . 
 the cold glare he turned back to her did n't reveal much . 
 `` they 're special clothes , '' he said snidely , and that revealed everything . 
 he was done messing around with her and threw a badly telegraphed punch . 
 even though she saw it coming , the room was small and she was n't able to dodge it completely . 
 his fist grazed her cheek , landing a glancing blow , but it was n't nearly enough to stop her . 
 her arm swept up in a block , catching his opposite forearm and deflecting the gun to the side . 
 she balled up a small fist and delivered three quick punches to his ribs , receiving a grunt from him with each jab . 
 her left hand had a tight grip on his wrist , and she locked her arm straight , fighting against his superior strength to hold the gun away from her . 
 it was a position she could n't hold , so she quickly reversed momentum , freeing him to jam the gun and his arm into the wall . 
 it was enough to cause him to stumble forward , but the gun remained in his hand . 
 ashley did n't wait for him to regain his footing . 
 she clenched her teeth , grabbed his shoulders for balance and pushed off towards the opposite wall . 
 her sneakered feet hit the wall a foot off the ground and found traction on the sheet rock . 
 pushing herself even higher as she kicked off , she aimed towards the staggering man . 
 her body was a living missile as her knee crashed into his back . 
 he crumpled to the floor with ashley coming down hard on top of him . 
 the move was desperate , risky , but craig would have been proud . 
 her landing was not graceful , and she barely stopped herself from ramming head first into the desk , but he was in a manageable position now . 
 she jumped to her feet and began to deliver one swift kick after another to his forearm . 
 she had to get the gun away from him , and it finally clattered to the ground . 
 the man was quick despite all the punishment ashley was giving him , and he made a grab for his gun . 
 she kicked him in the face to knock him back , but not before his grasping hand accidentally pushed the gun toward her . 
 ashley barked a short laugh , but instead of going straight for the gun , she attacked again , resulting in an off balance , sloppy ap chagi that did n't quite connect the way she intended . 
 he dodged backward , her foot barely grazing his already battered mouth and nailed his collarbone instead . 
 ashley dove for the gun then , hoping that would end this , but it was a mistake . 
 the room was too small . 
 she saw his booted foot flying toward her head too late . 
 to her credit , she got her arm up to block , but it was futile against the power behind his kick , and his foot slammed into her , throwing her back . 
 her head collided with something hard and unyielding , and she crumpled to the floor as darkness swept in on her . 
 chapter 12 -- thief the blonde reclined in her car , bored . 
 she had been there for at least an hour when a white ford taurus pulled up . 
 ashley and her little boy toy . 
 she was n't surprised but still impressed they had made it so quickly . 
 she had honestly expected to be gone before they showed up . 
 rolling her eyes , she watched the little twat leave the car and enter the building . 
 `` why did you have to be so much trouble ? '' 
 she muttered . 
 glancing back to the taurus , she saw that lance had moved to the driver 's side , and she smirked . 
 `` you 're still an accomplice , lover-boy . '' 
 she pulled down the visor , checked her platinum blonde bangs to make sure all was in place , and winked at the sparkling baby blues staring back at her . 
 she even went so far as to toss herself a flirtatious smile . 
 that smile dropped as quickly as it came as she turned her attention back to lance . 
 `` let 's get this over with . '' 
 she stepped out of the car and stretched her muscles . 
 reaching high over her head , she clasped her hands together and brought them down behind her head . 
 her huge breasts stretched the fabric taut across her chest and created quite the display . 
 unfortunately , no one was around to gawk . 
 her efforts were wasted , but practice made perfect ! 
 she shrugged , running her fingers through the platinum strands that flowed to the middle of her back and tossed it out to add some life to it . 
 her black leather boots clacked against the cement as she strode purposefully to the taurus . 
 as she approached , lance did n't even notice her . 
 he was staring so intently at the entrance that she thought he might be trying to pull ashley out of the building by strength of will alone . 
 she rolled her eyes before assuming a pleasant smile and rapping two knuckles on his window . 
 lance jumped and turned a glare on her . 
 a finely trimmed eyebrow rose appreciatively as she saw his sparkling green eyes for the first time , and she thought to herself , not bad , little one . 
 not bad . 
 she stepped away from the door , waiting expectantly for him to either roll down the window or exit the car . 
 after she harrumphed loudly , he opted for the window . 
 she smirked to herself , knowing he was probably so nervous he could piss his pants . 
 `` lance walker , i presume . '' 
 `` uh ... '' he faltered , and she chuckled to herself . 
 `` colline ? '' 
 he finally got out . 
 she nodded her assent . 
 `` i got your message . 
 barely made it here on time it seems . '' 
 `` i never expected you to come out here , '' he stammered , clearly unprepared for this . 
 she was eating up every moment of it . 
 `` i was just giving you an update . '' 
 `` thank you , lance . 
 i appreciate your thoughtfulness , '' she purred politely . 
 he never gave her any indication that he was bringing ashley to baltimore , but she did n't get to where she was without being resourceful . 
 she was more than ready to get this thorn out of her side . 
 the silence grew as she waited . 
 she was curious to see what lance was going to do without her prompting . 
 folding her arms under her breasts , they bunched together and bulged against the button that was holding her shirt closed . 
 her cleavage was absolutely stunning , and she never ceased to use it to her advantage whenever possible . 
 this was not one of those times , though . 
 lance completely ignored her display as he finally stepped out of the car . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 he demanded , straightening to his full height . 
 he was a good few inches taller than her even in her heeled boots . 
 her lips curved into a wicked smile as her eyes roved over his delicious body . 
 all tan and firm , and oh , so young and tempting ... she shook her head slightly as if shaking out the distracting thoughts . 
 `` promises , promises , '' she muttered to herself as she started to the door . 
 `` follow me , lover-boy . '' 
 she did n't even look back , positive he would follow . 
 `` i 'd wager your damsel is in distress by now . 
 that car over there , '' she motioned to a black impala while casually tossing her hair over her shoulder to see that lance had , in fact , followed her quite closely . 
 `` that belongs to hal 's partner . 
 just thought you 'd like to know . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 it was a choked whisper , as if he was short of breath . 
 she smirked to herself again as she opened the door to let him pass her . 
 he rushed into the building and halted abruptly when it occurred to him he had no idea which way to go . 
 `` i hope you did n't lose that key , '' she said as he spun on her . 
 she turned to the stairwell , never pausing , and he fell in line behind her again . 
 `` that would just make things more ... difficult . '' 
 once again she held the door open for him after pressing in a key code and he pushed past her . 
 she frowned at his back . 
 `` i 've already lost more time on this than i ever intended . '' 
 he took the steps two at a time as she walked behind him at a leisurely pace , enjoying his athletic display . 
 when he saw that there was a key code on the next door , he huffed and started pressing buttons . 
 `` i would n't advise that , sweetheart , '' she called up . 
 he turned a frustrated look down on her , his strong jaw clenched and twitching , and she smiled sweetly . 
 `` you 're going to want me to go in first . 
 trust me on this . '' 
 `` why are you here , colline ? '' 
 he snapped , and she bit back a laugh . 
 the man was ridiculous ! 
 yummy , but too high-strung . 
 she raised a finger to her lips in response , motioning for him to be quiet . 
 not that quiet was needed , really . 
 she just was n't in the mood to answer questions . 
 he waited impatiently , pacing back and forth like a caged cat as she took her time coming up the steps . 
 she flashed her blue eyes at him a couple times , but he remained unmoved . 
 she had known it was a lost cause to flirt with him after their many business calls , but she could n't resist the attempt . 
 he was hopeless , though . 
 `` stay behind me , '' she commanded as she brushed past him and pressed in her entry code . 
 the door opened , and she cocked an eyebrow at him , waiting for his concession before moving forward . 
 his eyes narrowed briefly before he nodded . 
 this time , she led through the door and immediately started down the row nearest her . 
 she was n't fazed by the layout . 
 she knew where she was going . 
 when she rounded the corner of aisle b , the first thing noticeable was a few boxes stacked outside an open storage room . 
 then a tall man was being thrown out of the open door to collide with the wall on the other side . 
 he growled , not noticing them and rushed back into the room . 
 as soon as she saw the man fly backwards , she knew lance was n't going to be held back . 
 she slid a beautiful , booted leg out to the side , tripping him . 
 she dropped on top of him and pressed a knee into his spine so he could n't rise . 
 `` wait , '' she bit the word off angrily and severely . 
 `` i 've got this . 
 you keep that cute ass right here . '' 
 and with that , she was up and running down the hall . 
 she winced as she heard ashley scream . 
 chapter 13 -- foiled ashley was in a world of wavering , red smoke . 
 it weaved back and forth between intricate and nonsensical patterns , giving her a massive headache . 
 somewhere in the distance , in another world even , the tiniest pinprick of light formed . 
 she watched through dancing fumes , and her mind 's eye squinted to see it better . 
 it was growing . 
 slowly at first , then faster and bigger until she could see ... floor tile ? 
 it came back then . 
 the world opened up to her as consciousness seeped into her hazy dream . 
 she lay still , waiting for it all to come back and ticking off the memories in her head like a grocery list . 
 lance . 
 the storage building . 
 the take . 
 the jackass that had kicked her in the head . 
 that last thought had her moaning , but she stilled again quickly . 
 she was conscious enough to realize she did n't want him to know she was awake . 
 footsteps shuffled around . 
 shadows flickered past her eyelids . 
 her other senses were telling her enough to know what was going on . 
 as the shadow receded , she chanced to open her eyes . 
 she was still in the storage room . 
 the jackass was still with her . 
 she closed her eyes again , processing what she had observed in that brief moment . 
 the shuffling was him moving the boxes to the corridor , although he was n't finished yet . 
 she must have only been out for a minute , maybe two . 
 he was coming back to grab another box , and she remained motionless . 
 the probability of him leaving her there after he took the boxes was high , but what if lance saw him ? 
 besides , she had come this far . 
 she was n't ready to lose this ... her head still woozy and throbbing , she found the determination for one last stand . 
 as he left the room , she stood quickly and steadied herself against the desk . 
 thankfully she was able to stay quiet , but the room continued to spin even after she was upright . 
 she only had seconds to right her brain , so she closed her eyes , took a deep breath , and envisioned completing a beautiful twio chagi . 
 she heard him turn , move back into the room , and she opened her eyes . 
 her focus wavered in front of her , and she forced herself to concentrate on the void . 
 surprise widened his features , but she did n't have the time to savor it . 
 she stepped with her right foot , pulled her left leg up to swing it back down again , building her body 's momentum . 
 she leaped . 
 her foot kicked out and her body was airborne , just like she had envisioned in her mind . 
 the heel of her foot plowed into his chest , and ashley heard the whoosh as the air was expelled from his lungs . 
 he never had a chance to brace for impact and was thrown backwards , stumbling all the way to the outside wall . 
 ashley almost smiled , but the dizziness raged through her head again , her body unhappy with her drastic movements . 
 she crumpled to a heap on the floor . 
 the jackass only staggered for a moment , glaring at her as he regained his feet . 
 he growled as he charged . 
 god , he looks pissed , she thought as she shuffled backwards to the desk . 
 he was on her the next instant , and her feeble attempts to punch him were easily turned away . 
 her offense was used up in one attack , and the dizziness continued to overwhelm her . 
 a hand grabbed a handful of her hair and hauled her to her feet . 
 ashley screamed in outrage at being so easily manhandled , but there was little she could do against him at the moment . 
 she resorted to the only tool she had left and brutally clawed at his face . 
 `` you fucking bitch ! '' 
 he roared and pulled his arm back for a blow that would finish her . 
 a blow that never came . 
 a hand tipped with perfectly manicured , blood-red nails materialize out of nowhere , clasping the attacker 's arm . 
 the hand in ashley 's hair loosened as his body contorted oddly , his chest puffing out as his head snapped back . 
 then she was free . 
 he 'd let her go so he could face this new menace , and ashley collapsed against the desk , dread flooding through her . 
 ashley saw her rescuer . 
 the platinum blond hair , black leggings , and trademark , knee-high boots . 
 her mouth was suddenly bone dry , and she was in worse trouble being rescued than she was when the buffoon was about to beat her to a pulp . 
 nikki ! 
 ashley tried to swallow as she watched the woman elegantly disable the man . 
 it was effortless . 
 he turned into an attack , the heel of nikki 's hand ramming his chin to slam his jaw shut while her other arm fluidly snapped her elbow into his collar bone . 
 he staggered under the blow , unable to defend against her . 
 nikki 's next attack was almost comical but disastrous for the jackass . 
 she simultaneously slapped the palms of her hands against each of his ears . 
 he howled , oh how he howled , but nikki was merciless . 
 stepping back , nikki extended her leg so elegantly between them that she could have been executing a dance move instead of the fatal nerio chagi that sent him to the ground . 
 nikki quickly pulled his gun from his holster and slipped it into the back of her pants , and ashley stared , dumbfounded and defenseless . 
 she did n't even notice lance appear in the doorway she was so entranced by the blonde amazon in front of her . 
 nikki stood to her full height , dwarfing ashley , and glared down at her slumped against the desk . 
 those deadly blue eyes roved over her , over everything , including the man crumpled and moaning on the floor . 
 `` you did n't do so bad , i guess , '' her voice exuding distaste , as if she was lowering herself just to be there . 
 god , why was she here ? 
 `` grab that box , we need to move , '' she commanded . 
 `` how ? '' 
 ashley started to stammer before her brain could turn her mouth off . 
 she knew it was a mistake . 
 one step and nikki was nose to nose with her , her fingers tightly grasping her chin so she could n't look away . 
 `` i said , grab that box . 
 we need to move . '' 
 ashley swallowed hard . 
 lance was there then , wedging himself between them , and pulled ashley to her feet . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 can you move ? '' 
 ashley nodded , wanting to collapse against him , but she did n't dare show weakness in front of her . 
 the thundering of blood in her ears and heart pounding in her chest made it difficult , but she straightened and stepped away from lance . 
 she grabbed the last box sitting in the corner and immediately wished she had n't as her vision spun again . 
 she leaned against the wall , glad nikki did n't witness her stumble . 
 it was harder to wave lance off this time , so she stepped past him to the hallway , forcing him to follow . 
 nikki was already leaving , toting one box down the corridor . 
 ashley panicked , motioning for lance to grab the last two boxes as she scurried after nikki . 
 she glanced over her shoulder to see his brow furrowed in confusion , and she gave him an apologetic shrug . 
 he sighed , finally grabbing the boxes and followed . 
 they took the elevator down using nikki 's code , and ashley gathered what courage she could . 
 eventually , she was able to stammer out one word . 
 `` how ? '' 
 nikki looked at her with cold blue eyes , and her red lips curved into a sly smile . 
 the silence lingered after the question , and ashley shifted on nervous feet . 
 the elevator dinged as it hit the first floor , but before the doors opened nikki responded , `` i made a promise . '' 
 not another word was said as ashley and lance followed nikki to their rental car . 
 they loaded the four boxes inside , two in the trunk and the other two in the backseat . 
 ashley wondered what was in them before nikki interrupted her scattered thoughts . 
 `` did you see that little diner on 5th street ? '' 
 she was asking lance , who 's brow was furrowed in confusion . 
 he merely nodded his reply . 
 `` you want answers , and i need to give them to you . 
 meet me there , and do n't even think about standing me up or i will find you . '' 
 ashley did n't doubt her . 
 nikki turned on ashley then , her tall , lithe body towering over ashley 's shorter frame . 
 the amazon was intimidating , and ashley clasped her hands behind her back so nikki would n't see them shaking . 
 she could smell nikki 's sweet vanilla musk as she stared up into those beautiful , icy eyes . 
 long fingers gently brushed ashley 's cheek in a deadly caress that turned her bare skin to gooseflesh . 
 `` let 's make sure you never waste any more of my time again , '' nikki purred sweetly , but ashley heard the threat underneath it loud and clear . 
 nikki spun on the sharp heel of her boot and casually walked to a car that neither lance nor ashley had noticed . 
 it was parked behind one of the adjacent storage garages . 
 ashley 's dark eyes sought lance 's to see him staring down at her . 
 she shook her head slightly and slipped around the car to crawl into the passenger seat , feeling like her head was going to explode . 
 as soon as lance joined her in the car , his voice was gruff as he asked , `` how do you know colline ? '' 
 ashley 's following laughter was nervous , threatening to collapse into sobs at any moment . 
 `` is that what she told you ? 
 her name is not colline . '' 
 she sobered as she meet his questioning gaze . 
 `` that is the great nikki sinclair . '' 
 lance slumped in the seat as he stared unseeing at the steering wheel . 
 he uttered one word . 
 `` fuck . '' 
 `` how do you know her ? '' 
 ashley asked . 
 as he looked at her , his expression was a mask of utter confusion , and his answer left her speechless . 
 `` i knew her as colline fitzgerald . 
 she 's the p.i. that helped me find you . '' 
 chapter 14 -- diner ashley was stunned , unable to piece it together . 
 she might as well be grasping at wisps of smoke . 
 none of it made sense . 
 lance was n't fairing any better . 
 he sat just as silent , not bothering to turn the car on . 
 the silence and confusion lingered as neither one of them could sort it out . 
 finally , lance turned the ignition and drove slowly through the parking lot . 
 it felt as if the car itself was dragging , not wanting to move the short distance to the diner . 
 ashley checked for nikki 's car as they drove past , but it was nowhere to be seen . 
 she was so bewildered by it all that she did n't hear lance when he first started speaking . '' 
 ... when she contacted me . 
 said she saw the ad . '' 
 he sounded like he was talking to himself . 
 `` she gave me credentials , and i never questioned her . 
 when we left the lake with craig , i sent her one last message to let her know that i found you , and all was good . '' 
 he glanced over at her quickly , and then looked back to the road while shaking his head . 
 `` nothing about this makes sense , '' ashley said . 
 lance reached over for her hand and she clasped it . 
 nikki was not someone you wanted on your bad side , or wanted to be indebted to . 
 `` whoever she made that promise to , it was n't to me . '' 
 `` craig maybe ? '' 
 lance questioned . 
 `` i ca n't imagine it would have been craig . 
 he was always trying to protect me from nikki , not throw us in her path . '' 
 ashley sighed heavily . 
 `` besides , he never had enough influence over her to make her do anything . 
 and how would he have known we were going to baltimore ? '' 
 lance shook his head again but remained silent . 
 she squeezed his hand , and he returned the gesture , but the rest of the ride was spent in troubled silence . 
 both of them were trying to put the pieces together and failing miserably . 
 as they parked , ashley spotted nikki 's car and quickly took note it was empty . 
 when lance killed the ignition , he gently pulled her hand his mouth and kissed the back of her fingers . 
 `` we 'll be okay . '' 
 he tried to reassure her . 
 `` if she had wanted to do something malicious to us , she would have stranded us there . '' 
 ashley nodded but had no comment . 
 she knew nikki , and lance could n't be further from the truth . 
 nikki liked to play with her food , so to speak . 
 ashley pulled away and stepped out of the car , swallowing hard . 
 in a few moments , lance joined her as she stared at the ominous diner where nikki waited inside . 
 he reached down and took her hand again , pulling her along with him . 
 entering the diner , ashley immediately spotted nikki sitting in a booth in open view of the front door . 
 she knew exactly where to look for her . 
 that was the same place ashley would have chosen herself . 
 it was craig who had trained her to always watch the front door , and sit by an exit if possible . 
 he was a paranoid son of a bitch , but the advice was sound even if she never had to utilize it . 
 this time it was her who pulled lance along as they dodged the hostess , and ashley slid into the booth opposite nikki , giving lance room to slide in beside her . 
 `` hello , love . '' 
 nikki smiled sweetly , flashing her sparkling white teeth at her . 
 she looked softer than she had earlier in the storage shed , but ashley knew it was a mirage . 
 the woman was as deadly as any viper . 
 `` hello nikki , '' ashley replied , and lance was right behind her . 
 `` hello colline . '' 
 this drew a deep , intoxicating laugh from nikki as her eyes sparkled , looking back and forth between them . 
 `` was that rehearsed ? '' 
 ashley shook her head , but lance 's brow furrowed again , and ashley reached under the table to clasp his hand . 
 she preferred it if he kept silent as she had no idea how he would react to the vixen sitting across from them , nor how nikki would handle his reactions . 
 `` well is it nikki or colline ? '' 
 lance did n't take the hint , but thankfully , nikki ignored his gruff manner . 
 `` both and neither , '' she replied with a smirk , obviously enjoying the exchange . 
 when lance refused to be baited , she made a show of settling in comfortably before speaking again . 
 `` well , where should we start ? '' 
 nikki smiled slyly , and it was lance who spoke again . 
 `` how did you even know to contact me ? '' 
 he said gruffly . 
 nikki 's focus turned directly on him , but he did n't budge . 
 ashley swallowed , knowing that if lance knew half the stuff this woman was capable of , he would have at least softened his glare . 
 `` in my line of work , you have to take care of your own before someone else does . 
 if someone else gets there before you do , then you have a problem on your hands , '' nikki started . 
 `` i make it a habit to peruse the missing and wanted person ads in every form of media i can find . 
 it 's much easier to nip a problem in the bud before it can escalate to ... '' her voice trailed off as she turned her gaze to ashley , `` to what we have here . '' 
 `` so that initial phone call ... '' lance interjected again . 
 `` yes . 
 i found one of your ads and decided to feel you out . 
 i will admit i was shocked that anyone would be hunting our little lea here , but as soon as you said your name , everything clicked , '' nikki responded coolly , and lance started to question her again when the waitress swept up to the table and set a black coffee in front of nikki . 
 `` what can i get you ? '' 
 the waitress questioned lance and ashley , and they both mumbled coffee . 
 the waitress sniffed and left them alone again , not seeing a great tip in her future . 
 `` what about the promise ? '' 
 ashley blurted out before anyone else could say anything . 
 nikki glared at her for a second , her eyes briefly turning to shards of ice , but then something changed in her facial expression . 
 something undefined softened in her eyes , and ashley blinked in surprise . 
 she had never seen nikki like this . 
 nikki actually started to fiddle with her coffee cup , pushing at the bottom of the mug with her beautiful , red nails . 
 she sighed one word , `` bobby . '' 
 `` bobby ? '' 
 ashley questioned , completely baffled . 
 she had liked bobby . 
 he was an older man who had always stood up for her where nikki was concerned . 
 another protector , just as craig was . 
 `` did n't we lose him in jacksonville ? '' 
 `` you shut your mouth , you little twat , '' nikki snapped , the venom back full force . 
 ashley fell back against her seat , and lance leaned forward , a scowl of indignation on his face . 
 ashley reacted quickly enough , squeezing his hand to rein him in before he could get a word out . 
 nikki glared at her as the moments passed , and ashley shifted uncomfortably . 
 somewhere , she found the courage to beg , `` please ... '' `` i do n't like you . 
 i never did . '' 
 nikki cut her off . 
 this was n't news to ashley . 
 `` i never saw it in you - the hardness you need to keep up with our lifestyle - and that made you a liability . '' 
 nikki rolled her eyes at that before exhaling softly , signifying yet another demeanor change that ashley was not familiar with . 
 did she look defeated ? 
 ashley mentally shook her head at that impossibility , but there it was in front of her . 
 `` i never liked you , but others did . 
 that big buffoon craig for one ... and bobby . '' 
 she turned her gaze out the window , no longer meeting their eyes . 
 `` bobby saw the innocence in you and wanted me to cut you loose before you lost it . 
 guess it reminded him of simpler times before we chose our paths . '' 
 a wry smile twisted her lips , and it seemed she was looking out the window into memories long past . 
 the waitress was coming with their coffee and nikki halted her speech . 
 ashley took the opportunity to study nikki while she was unguarded . 
 those cold blue eyes were soft now . 
 kind eyes . 
 bobby 's eyes . 
 she sucked in a breath , berating herself that she had never seen it before . 
 the waitress addressed them , but only lance responded to send her away , and nikki continued as soon as the waitress was out of earshot . 
 `` yes , i lost bobby in jacksonville , but not before he made me promise to get lance down here and get you away from us . '' 
 ashley blinked at that . 
 `` bobby knew about lance ? '' 
 nikki glared at her , and that perfect eyebrow rose in accusation . 
 `` every one of us knew about lance , you moon-eyed cow . '' 
 `` alright , '' lance snapped before ashley could stop him this time , her cheeks flushing with embarrassment . 
 she was well accustomed to the badgering from nikki , but it did n't seem lance was adjusting to it well . 
 `` enough of the insults . 
 let 's get this over with . 
 i do n't think any of us really want to be here . '' 
 `` truer words were never spoken , '' nikki conceded , letting his interruption slide , and she took a sip of her coffee before continuing . 
 `` it was bobby that had me call lance to the lake . 
 he was supposed to rescue you there , and when craig left you two in that little motel room , that should have been the end of it . '' 
 she paused then to straighten her back and smirked at ashley . 
 `` but what did you do ? '' 
 ashley was at a loss as to what she meant . 
 lance looked down at her , but she just shrugged and turned back to nikki . 
 `` hal ? '' 
 `` very good . 
 halbert sutton . 
 do you know what kind of things happen when you put a cop in the hospital ? '' 
 nikki admonished , and ashley could n't meet her gaze . 
 `` but , lucky for you , sutton was a bad cop . 
 a little talk with hal made sure we were squared up , and i finally got the intel we needed for his stash up here in baltimore . 
 then i found the pig could n't keep his mouth shut , and lance knew about it , too . 
 the icing on the cake was conner , and that was something lance did n't know about . '' 
 nikki paused to look ashley over and teased , `` you do remember conner , do n't you ? 
 the one that beat the shit out of you and was ready to lock you away in that storage room ? '' 
 ashley nodded , blushing , and had to jerk on lance 's hand again to still him . 
 `` so i drove . '' 
 she grumbled . 
 `` it was only supposed to be conner . 
 you two were supposed to show up later to find an empty storage room . '' 
 she locked eyes with ashley . 
 `` but you beat conner , and you beat me . 
 you won . 
 by right , whatever loot those dirty cops managed to hide in those boxes are yours . '' 
 nikki gave ashley a hard stare , and ashley could only nod . 
 nikki 's code . 
 honor among thieves . 
 between that and her promise , ashley knew whatever was in those boxes indeed belonged to her , whether it was clothes , diamonds , or cockroaches . 
 nikki had conceded . 
 `` and now it ends . 
 all of it . 
 am i clear ? '' 
 nikki eyed them both , and this time both lance and ashley responded with a nod . 
 `` did craig ... ? '' 
 ashley started , but nikki cut her off . 
 `` no . 
 as far as he 's concerned , it was his idea to drop you off in that little motel room . 
 i 'm sure he left you your take . 
 his too ? '' 
 ashley nodded . 
 she actually saw nikki swallow before she continued . 
 `` and bobby 's ? '' 
 ashley nodded again . 
 an unreadable expression crossed nikki 's face as she looked down into her coffee . 
 abruptly nikki stated , `` we 're done . '' 
 with that , she gracefully slid out of the bench and sauntered towards the door as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened . 
 maybe for nikki , nothing out of the ordinary had happened , but ashley was astounded . 
 lance apparently felt the same way as he just watched her go before turning his deep green eyes back to hers . 
 `` i 'm so confused . '' 
 ashley shook her head , reached into her pocket to drop a twenty on the table and motioned for lance to get up . 
 `` let 's just get out of here . '' 
 he did n't disagree . 
 chapter 15 -- forever lance was driving again , and they both decided the best course of action was to ditch the current car to pick up another rental . 
 although neither one of them thought conner had seen the car , it was still the safer course . 
 they found a little roadside motel on the other side of town , and after a brief argument , ashley convinced lance to leave her there with the boxes while he turned in the rental . 
 when he left , ashley paced the room , staring from one box to another . 
 she was so eager to find out what hal had stashed away , but also wanted to wait for lance before she dove in . 
 after all , it was lance who led them there . 
 she knew she should wait ... but she could n't wait . 
 ashley opened one of the boxes , dumping the clothes on the bed . 
 as she started to shuffle through them , she heard an odd crinkling sound that she had n't heard before in the storage shed . 
 grabbing one of the shirts , she shook it violently . 
 some cash bundles fell to the ground with a thump , and other loose bills fluttered down slowly . 
 `` that was probably the smartest thing you 've ever done , '' she said regarding hal , and grabbed the next garment on top of the pile to give it a shake . 
 again , there were thumps of bundles hitting the ground and more fluttering twenties scattered in the air . 
 she laughed , overjoyed at seeing the cash fall from the clothes to pile on the floor . 
 she grabbed garments and shook them wildly over her head . 
 money flew everywhere . 
 one bundle flew from a pair of pants so hard it thumped into the wall , and loose bills rained down on her . 
 she collapsed to the ground near the biggest collection and started pulling it to her , her laugher continuing . 
 there were fives , tens , twenties ! 
 she even thumbed through a few stacks of one-hundred dollar bills . 
 she was n't even half way through the first box , and this was more money than she 'd ever seen in her lifetime . 
 she lay on top of it , rolled in it , completely indulging herself in a dream come true . 
 that was the moment lance returned . 
 bright sunlight flooded her vision as he opened the door . 
 he shut it quickly when he saw the mess , and she stared at him , realizing he was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever seen . 
 likewise , he could n't take his eyes off her , but she figured that was for different reasons . 
 the bewildered look on his face was priceless . 
 she launched herself from the floor to throw her arms around him . 
 he held her tightly for a few moments as he surveyed the mess of a room . 
 clothes and cash were littered everywhere . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 he managed to get out , and ashley threw her head back in laughter . 
 `` please let it all be over now . '' 
 she buried her face in his neck , snuggling against him . 
 `` let 's run away forever . 
 find someplace we can be normal . '' 
 her ecstatic laughter had died away quickly . 
 `` i just want to be normal . '' 
 he kissed her forehead and cradled her against him . 
 `` you know i want that too , ash . 
 more than anything , that 's what i want . '' 
 she pulled back to look at him and kissed his wonderful , beautiful lips , and suddenly , she was giggling again . 
 her nerves frayed , she was n't able to get a grip on her wild emotions . 
 `` look what i found . '' 
 `` do tell . '' 
 he replied , moving to the pile of money in the center of the floor . 
 `` was all this in the boxes ? '' 
 `` no , '' she smirked at him as he looked at her in surprise , and she clarified . 
 `` that 's what i found in one box , and that box is n't empty yet ! '' 
 he was incredulous , thumbing through a stack of one-hundreds . 
 `` i think we need to get the hell out of here as soon as possible . '' 
 ashley agreed wholeheartedly , and immediately began gathering up the scattered cash so they could organize it . 
 lance worked with her , and only a few minutes passed before they were going through the boxes , folding clothes and stacking bills . 
 `` do you think hal will try to find us ? '' 
 she asked while they worked . 
 lance was silent for a moment . 
 he did n't know hal well enough to judge what he would do , but there was so much here ashley could n't imagine giving it up without a fight . 
 `` he might . 
 conner might . 
 we need to get very far away from here very quickly . '' 
 his green eyes flashed as he glanced at her . 
 `` what about nikki ? '' 
 `` she 's gone , '' ashley replied . 
 `` if she had wanted any of this , she would have taken it back there . 
 of course , she probably did n't know how much was here or she would never have let us walk away with it . '' 
 he nodded , watching her intently . 
 `` who was bobby ? '' 
 ashley stilled , the name calming her instantly . 
 she met his eyes as sadness crept into her mood . 
 `` i think he was nikki 's brother , and i 'm pretty sure he died in jacksonville . '' 
 `` oh , '' was lance 's reply . 
 ashley continued , `` i knew there was something different about their relationship . 
 nikki never did anything for anyone she did n't want to , but bobby could always persuade her . 
 i never noticed it until today , but i 'm positive they had to have been related , '' she ended with a shrug and went back to searching clothes . 
 `` i hope you 're right . 
 this needs to be over , '' lance nodded somberly . 
 `` i 'm sorry about the friends you lost . '' 
 ashley did n't reply for a while as she continued to sort through the clothes . 
 when her piles were done , she moved to lance and intrusively sat down in his lap . 
 he caught her , pulling her close , and they stared into each other 's eyes as the moments slipped by . 
 ashley reached up to run her fingers down his strong jawline and admired his perfect face . 
 `` i love you , '' she whispered to him , and he answered her with a passionate kiss , his lips claiming hers softly , completely he broke away . 
 `` forever , '' he whispered against her . 
 `` forever . '' 
 `` how much do you think is here ? '' 
 ashley shrugged and smiled . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i was n't actually counting . 
 i 'm guessing close to two hundred thousand from just the two boxes i went through . 
 what are we going to do ? '' 
 she asked as she traced the outline of his lips with a soft fingertip . 
 he laughed , a rich baritone laugh that sent sparks surging through her . 
 `` whatever we want to . '' 
 `` well , where do we want to go ? '' 
 he looked at the ceiling in thought for a moment before meeting her eyes again , and his green eyes sparkled like dark emeralds . 
 `` have you ever seen paris ? '' 
 she laughed in response , `` of course i 've never seen paris . '' 
 `` neither have i , and paris is very far away from here . '' 
 he looked at her expectantly . 
 the realization swept over her like a wave of euphoria . 
 the option was suddenly very real for them . 
 they had so many options . 
 she glanced at the money stacked on the bed and back to those sparkling eyes . 
 she could see her whole life in those beautiful eyes , and she felt her heart was about to burst . 
 ashley smiled and nodded at him , tears of joy spilling down her cheeks . 
 `` paris it is then . '' 
 this is the end of thief the dove in the darkness if you enjoyed the book , please leave a review . 
 your kind words are appreciated . 
 if you would like to reach out to katlynn rose , you can reach her through drjpublishing@gmail.com . 
 additional works from drj publishing the phoenix curse by d.r. johnson after -- part one look for after -- the complete book one of the phoenix curse to be published in february 2015 . 
 about the author katlynn rose currently has a day job working in procurement . 
 she lives with her loving husband and three wonderful children in grand prairie , texas . 
 katlynn dreams of one day becoming an accomplished author and sharing her many stories with the world . 
