 interspersed a collection of short stories jane vergara interspersed jane vergara published by jane vergara at smashwords copyright 2015 jane vergara thank you for downloading this free ebook . 
 you are welcome to share it with your friends . 
 this book may be reproduced , copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes , provided the book remains in its complete original form . 
 if you enjoyed this book , please return to smashwords.com to discover other works by this author . 
 thank you for your support . 
 other works : the gap between forever breaking the scroll one night , nine months , and thirty-three years later amy and the dogs -lrb- series -rrb- blue rose enchanted hair the writer tatay , saan pumupunta ang mga ibon ? 
 foreword interspersed is a collection of short stories that i wrote in the past two years . 
 i like this word because it means diversity , and this collection is highly diversified . 
 enchanted hair is veering on romantic-fantasy while the writer is psycho-thriller . 
 blue rose , on the other hand , is romance . 
 read on and i hope you enjoy three of my favorite works . 
 enchanted hair jane vergara chapter one mary wickum is a hairstylist at a small parlor located in the corner of bronx . 
 the parlor has a purple signage , and in the night , there are orange lights that dance around the words `` beautiful hair . '' 
 mary wanted to name the shop `` enchanted hair , '' but she refrained from doing so because she did n't want to let the world know about her power . 
 that 's why aside from the purple signage outside , the glittery paint on the window frames , and a few posters of hollywood stars displayed on her parlor , nothing else appeared ostentatious . 
 `` hello , sweetie , '' mary says to a woman in her mid-thirties who has frizzy black hair . 
 the woman smiles wanly at her . 
 `` you think there 's anything you can do about this hair ? '' 
 the woman asks as she points to her mess of curls . 
 mary seriously eyes the frizz . 
 if ordinary hair straightening formula were to be used , the hair would come out perfectly straight -- that is -- until the woman hits the shower . 
 when she does , some of the frizz may come back ; and as is the usual case for hair that were straightened using chemicals , the entire process of ironing it to perfection could take hours . 
 but mary has a secret , and that is she can straighten hair permanently . 
 and for that alone , she earns a decent living in her parlor . 
 there is one major drawback though . 
 each time she straightens her customer 's hair , something physically revolting happens to her body . 
 last week , when she straightened the hair of a teen-ager , she gained half a pound and when she checked her reflection in the mirror , the extra fats shot directly to her legs . 
 she would n't have minded getting the half pound weight because god knows she 's very lean that she could pass for a model , if she had a good enough face or a taller frame . 
 but when she checked her legs , mary frowned upon seeing that the lump of fat went straight through to her left leg alone ! 
 the right leg remained lean , and when she checks herself out in the mirror now , she sees a lady with a lean body who looks to have suffered from polio in her childhood . 
 now , all she wears are sweatpants , or baggy jeans , or long skirts . 
 she hates that part of her power . 
 it keeps her prudent about who to use her power on , and how much to charge her customers . 
 and she knows that there will come a time that she has to stop straightening hair in a magical fashion . 
 that is if she wants to look decent for the rest of her life . 
 `` are you willing to pay two thousand bucks for your hair ? '' 
 mary asked . 
 `` darling , i drove all the way to your pity of a parlor a thousand miles because of what my classmate from high school told me . 
 she said you can work magic with curly hair . 
 a thousand bucks is nothing compared to the satisfaction i 'll get once my hair becomes straight , '' she finishes . 
 then she opens her purse and makes mary look inside . 
 a wad of twenty dollar bills comes to view . 
 mary smiles , satisfied . 
 she never advertises her parlor for fear that the media people may sniff something extraordinary about how she straightens hair . 
 she simply relies on word-of-mouth advertisements . 
 `` if you have the money , then let 's be done with it , '' mary replies . 
 the black woman grins widely at her . 
 she looks flustered . 
 `` what are you going to do once your hair is all straight ? '' 
 mary asks as she retrieves a bowl and pours a concoction made from nothing but water , flour , olive oil , and a dash of perfume . 
 the mixture does nothing for the hair -- really -- but she has to pretend that she 's using something on the customer 's hair . 
 `` why , of course everything that any straight-haired woman does ! 
 style them up with large curls ! '' 
 she says loudly as though mary 's question is ridiculous . 
 mary laughs . 
 it was so typical of her clients to think of curling their hair after they had them straightened . 
 but of course , what they do with their straight hair was n't a concern of mary 's anymore . 
 she mixes the concoction in the bowl and wonders how much money she has in the bank already . 
 if she adds the two thousand bucks she 'll receive from this woman , she will be almost half a million rich . 
 she can close the shop while her body still looks normal . 
 she scrunches her nose as she wonders what ugly consequence magically straightening the woman 's hair in front of her would do to her body later . 
 she prays that it would only be another half a pound of fat that this time would grow on her right leg . 
 at least then , she could go back to wearing short skirts . 
 and maybe , just maybe , she 'll meet the prince she 's been waiting for all her life . 
 chapter two when hugh norris entered the beautiful hair parlor , it was actually only to have his toenails trimmed . 
 it was tess who told him to visit the small parlor because according to his girlfriend , she loved the place . 
 and looking inside the parlor , he wonders why . 
 hugh looks around and the scent of lavender mixed with vanilla , and other various scents hit his nose . 
 he wants to turn around , but a woman who looks to be in her late twenties approaches him . 
 `` are you going to have your hair fixed ? '' 
 the woman asks him . 
 hugh blinks and instinctively touches his hair . 
 `` this ? '' 
 he asks , as he runs his fingers through his hair . 
 the woman nods and gazes at him as though him asking her was irrelevant . 
 `` no . 
 actually , i just want to have my toenails trimmed , '' he says . 
 the woman looks down on his feet and smiles coyly . 
 `` well , they could certainly use more than just trimming . '' 
 blushing , hugh continues running his fingers through his hair . 
 he looks at the mirror in front of him and wonders if he has grown his hair too long , or if it were the dark frizzy locks on top of his head the woman referred to when she asked if he wanted to have his hair fixed . 
 `` please sit down , '' the woman says as she offers him a black chair . 
 hugh sits reluctantly and looks around . 
 `` are you the one who 'll do me ? '' 
 the woman 's eyes widen and she chuckles . 
 `` oh no , i mean , are you the one who 'll cut my toenails ? '' 
 hugh asks . 
 the woman shakes her head . 
 `` i 'm a hairstylist , '' she answers good-naturedly . 
 she has beautiful eyes , hugh noted . 
 her lashes were long and curve upward and he wonders if she had them styled . 
 him knowing that she works in a parlor makes him wonder if the people surrounding him were all beautiful or if at some point , they had something fixed in their appearances . 
 a tall , lanky guy with pink hair moves toward him . 
 `` my name 's evan . 
 what do you want me to do ? '' 
 `` just have my toenails trimmed , '' hugh answers . 
 his eyes are still fixed on the woman who walked away from him and now sits reading a magazine in one of the couches . 
 apparently waiting for customers who would have their hair done . 
 evan turns around . 
 `` mary , it 's just trimming the nails ? 
 ca n't you do it ? 
 i have a date at eight , '' he says . 
 mary looks up from her magazine and scrunches her nose . 
 `` you know that 's not one of the services i offer -- '' evan walks toward her and whispers something in her ears . 
 mary giggles and slaps evan on his thighs as the latter prances away , laughing loudly . 
 as evan reaches the door , he turns around and waves goodbye . 
 `` handsome , mary will help you . '' 
 `` you owe me one , '' mary shouts . 
 then she pulls a stool in front of hugh and starts to roll up his jeans . 
 hugh watches as mary grabs a nail cutter and starts to trim his nails . 
 `` um , are n't you even going to wash my feet first ? '' 
 mary looks up at him . 
 `` i 'm sorry ; i thought you said you just wanted to have your nails short . '' 
 `` yes , but my girlfriend told me that 's how you do things here , '' hugh says and wonders why he had to bring up his girlfriend . 
 mary stands up and enters another room . 
 the sound of water coming out of the faucet follows . 
 then she walks back to where he is sitting and puts down a basin containing water . 
 she lifts his feet and puts them on the basin ; then she pours some liquid soap and starts to rub at his feet . 
 hugh closes his eyes and wonders why he ever agreed to have his nails cut by some random person . 
 he should have done it himself . 
 after a few minutes , mary was already towelling his feet dry . 
 it was starting to get awkward with the two of them the only ones in the parlor . 
 there was a stereo on the far end of the parlor but it was turned off , and only the brittle sound of his nails as they were cut filled the air . 
 `` why did you think i was going to have my hair fixed ? '' 
 he asks . 
 mary looks up at him and eyes his hair . 
 hugh becomes conscious about his hair again and this time , he raises both hands and tries to flatten his hair . 
 `` the frizz . 
 i think that maybe straight hair would suit you better , '' she says . 
 hugh chuckles . 
 `` i 'm a man . 
 i 'm not gay . '' 
 mary laughs . 
 `` i have a lot of male customers . '' 
 `` let 's not add another one to your list , '' hugh jokes . 
 there 's something about mary that makes him want to keep on talking to her . 
 `` but seriously , you could use a new cut . 
 and like i said , straight hair may look good on you , '' she says as she clips the nails on his last two toes . 
 `` there , i 'm done . '' 
 hugh studies himself on the mirror and wonders if mary is just kidding . 
 `` you really think so ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm a hairstylist . 
 it 's my job to know who to offer my expertise to , '' she says . 
 `` and i 'm a good candidate ? '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 she says , laughing . 
 `` why do i get the feeling that you 're making fun of me ? '' 
 he asks . 
 mary squints at him and smiles . 
 `` maybe because i am . '' 
 she walks away and goes to the counter . 
 `` fifty bucks , '' she says . 
 hugh takes a twenty dollar bill from his wallet and walks over to where mary was . 
 `` here , '' he says . 
 `` are you closing the shop now ? '' 
 mary looks at the huge green wall clock and then at the door . 
 `` it seems like there will be no more customers for the day . 
 i just might start closing up . '' 
 hugh smiles . 
 `` good . 
 how would you feel about getting a coffee somewhere in the neighborhood ? '' 
 mary starts shaking her head . 
 `` no . 
 that would be -- '' `` come on . 
 is there anything important you have to do ? '' 
 hugh insists . 
 she seems to consider what he said . 
 then she lets out a soft laugh and puts the twenty inside her wallet . 
 `` you know what , you never tipped me . 
 so i guess if you 'd pay for the coffee , i just might join you . '' 
 hugh laughs loudly . 
 pretty and witty . 
 definitely his kind of girl . 
 now if only he does n't have a girlfriend yet . 
 smiling , he walks toward the door . 
 `` let 's go before i change my mind and tip you with a dime instead , '' he says . 
 `` cheapskate ! '' 
 mary yells . 
 hugh opens the door and walks outside , laughing . 
 chapter three mary quickly grabs her purse and walks after the curly-haired man . 
 she is still smiling as she locks the shop . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` let 's walk around and find a good enough place to hang out . '' 
 `` a good enough place ? '' 
 hugh smiles . 
 `` yes . 
 i figured that when i 'm already with a good looking woman , any good enough place could just as easily be the best spot . '' 
 he knew it was wrong to flirt with her and yet he could n't control himself . 
 she seemed to like what he said too because a small smile formed on her lips . 
 hugh caught sight of a coffee beanery just across the street . 
 `` you like that place ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` any place good enough for you is ok with me , '' she says . 
 `` good answer , '' he says , smiling . 
 they chose a corner table inside the café . 
 `` my name 's hugh , '' he says . 
 `` mine 's -- '' `` mary , '' he finishes . 
 `` i heard the other guy call you that . '' 
 `` right , '' she says . 
 `` are you new here ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 oh no . 
 but i never walk around here . 
 usually i go straight to my apartment and watch tv , '' he admits . 
 `` you 'll learn a lot from tv , '' she says . 
 `` yeah , crappy stuff . '' 
 `` not all of the shows . 
 sometimes there are shows that are really informative ... '' `` discovery channel ? '' 
 he asks , grinning . 
 `` not that hard core , '' she protests . 
 `` but sometimes , even soaps depicting normal life could contribute to what the viewer already knows . '' 
 `` i have to agree . 
 soaps teach people to cry , '' he says . 
 `` exactly ! 
 and tears clear up the tear ducts and -- , '' she stops upon realizing that hugh was being sarcastic . 
 she rolls her eyes and sips on her coffee instead of finishing her sentence . 
 hugh laughs appreciatively . 
 she studies him and she wonders if he would make a good boyfriend . 
 but she remembers what he said earlier that he has a girlfriend so she pushes the thought away . 
 `` you 've been teasing me all along , '' she says . 
 `` it was -- well , it 's difficult not to . 
 it 's just that when i meet people i like , i turn into this joke machine and , '' he pauses and looks at her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 that was inappropriate . '' 
 mary nods . 
 `` they serve good coffee here , '' she says as though to veil the awkward conversation they just had . 
 hugh smiles . 
 `` they do , '' he agrees . 
 *** mary looks at her now equally-sized legs . 
 so the other half pound balanced her legs now , big deal . 
 but what if she straightens someone else 's hair again ? 
 what would happen to her body ? 
 will there be a patch of dark skin in her elbow or somewhere else on her skin ? 
 she bends to rub at the mole on her knee cap . 
 it was n't exactly bad to look at , but its absence would n't have gone unappreciated too . 
 she got the mole when she straightened the hair of a teen-ager who went into her parlor crying over the bullying she received at school for her bad hair . 
 and mary could n't agree more with her classmates . 
 the teen-ager cora had the worst hair mary saw her entire hairstylist life . 
 she tried to cut cora 's hair but then the locks stuck out . 
 and no amount of hair gel made it go down . 
 so mary tried to have it straightened using chemicals . 
 but after two days , cora went back to her shop and cried her heart out as she dangled under mary 's nose a clump of black frizzy hair that seemed to have survived electrocution . 
 mary did n't want to straighten the young girl 's hair , but she felt sorry for her . 
 so the incident ended with her mixing flour , olive oil , water , and a drop of perfume once again as she prepared to fix the girl 's hair her way . 
 two things came out of the incident . 
 the one was the mole . 
 and the other was the gratitude that the young girl made her feel as she came back to her parlor a week after and took mary in a huge tight embrace . 
 the mole was a reminder that her gift is good . 
 mary just wished the gift did n't have any effect on her body . 
 she sighs and makes up her mind not to use her power again . 
 she ca n't risk having another mole . 
 what if it appears on the tip of her nose ? 
 or what if the half pound she gets find its way on her left cheek ? 
 that would be horrible . 
 she goes to the kitchen and opens the fridge . 
 she takes out the carton of orange juice and drinks directly from the box . 
 usually , she would have taken a glass , but since she 's living alone , she thought that she did n't have to make an effort to be so decent and neat . 
 she flops down on the high stool near the counter and exhales heavily . 
 her phone starts ringing and she stands up to answer it . 
 `` hello , '' she says . 
 `` is this mary ? '' 
 `` yes , this is she . 
 who 's calling ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` hugh , '' he says . 
 `` i was just thinking about you -- '' mary does n't want to feel excited over the phone call . 
 but being out of a relationship for three years makes her miss what it felt like to receive a phone call from another person aside from her mother . 
 `` oh , hi , '' she says with enthusiasm . 
 `` are you calling to have your hair fixed this time ? '' 
 there was laughter from the other line . 
 `` seriously , why are you obsessing about my hair ? '' 
 he asks good-naturedly . 
 `` obsessing ? '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` who was the one who called ? '' 
 `` you got me there . 
 but the call was n't exactly to have an appointment for my hair , '' he says . 
 `` i wanted to know if you 'd be interested to go have dinner with me tonight ? '' 
 mary 's smile widens and then she shuts her mouth . 
 `` i ca n't -- '' `` oh . 
 are you seeing someone ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` are n't i the one who should be asking you that ? '' 
 mary says . 
 there was a pause from the other line . 
 `` i like you , '' he says . 
 mary feels shocked . 
 sure she likes him , too . 
 but does it have to happen so fast ? 
 she is pretty sure she does n't have a model 's good looks , and her personality is n't that astonishing either . 
 `` but -- '' mary says . 
 `` i know . 
 could you maybe at least go out with me tonight ? '' 
 he pauses and adds , `` as a friend ? '' 
 mary considers . 
 friends do go out . 
 and she has to eat . 
 it would n't be so bad to have dinner with someone after all . 
 `` ok , '' she hears herself saying . 
 `` great . 
 i 'll pick you up at the parlor at seven , '' he says . 
 mary breathes in and out and wonders if she made the right decision . 
 thus far , she has n't done anything so foolish yet . 
 maybe people are allowed to have at least one miss . 
 and if hugh will be her foolishness , with his crazy good looks , setting his frizzy hair aside , then it would be all right . 
 chapter four `` mary , '' her tall customer calls her . 
 `` my friend told me that you worked magic with her hair . 
 i 've been having my hair straightened , rebonded , all these services you parlors have come up with , and still nothing could tame my hair . '' 
 mary waits for her customer 's next words . 
 `` but this friend of mine told me that she went to your parlor , and it 's been months already and she still comes to the office with her sleek , shiny hair . 
 i thought that she 's got this crazy maintenance routine every morning , but when i asked her , she just smiles coyly and tells me that it was magic . '' 
 mary swallows . 
 `` it 's not really magic . 
 beatrice -- '' she calls out . 
 beatrice comes running to mary . 
 `` yes , sweetheart ? '' 
 `` could you help , um , ella , with her hair please ? '' 
 beatrice nods and goes behind ella . 
 `` no ! '' 
 ella argues . 
 mary stares surprised at ella . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` my friend told me , and i quote , ` be sure mary does your hair , '' ' ella says . 
 beatrice shrugs and walks away , leaving mary with no option but to take ella as her client . 
 `` i do n't do hair anymore . 
 i 'm a manicurist now , '' she says . 
 `` please ? 
 i really want to just wake up every morning , take a shower , dry my hair , and head to work . 
 i do n't want to take hours anymore just to style up so that some strangers would n't talk about how i always wear my hair tied in a ponytail . '' 
 mary meets ella 's eyes and she does n't know what to do . 
 she feels for ella , but if she straightens her hair , she does n't know what bad thing could develop in her body . 
 and she has dinner tonight with a friend ! 
 she ca n't risk that . 
 `` i 'm really sorry . 
 but beatrice will have to help you on that , '' mary says kindly but firmly . 
 she moves away from ella and talks to beatrice . 
 then mary walks out of the parlor feeling disheartened for turning a customer down . 
 now that she feels like she might have a good chance at love , she does n't want to risk getting some weird marks on her body . 
 what if , for the love of god , she grows a sixth finger ! 
 or her toes suddenly get webbed . 
 she ca n't , she thought sadly . 
 her savings are enough . 
 once she finds her one true love , she would move out of bronx and setup a small diner somewhere remote . 
 she loves to cook and maybe it 's time to bring her dishes to the people . 
 she would let evan and beatrice manage the parlor without her . 
 she wants to fall in love and get settled . 
 but hugh -- has a girlfriend , she reminds herself . 
 she pushes the thought away . 
 if ever he 's not the one , she 's pretty sure she 'll stumble along someone good enough to send the butterflies flying inside her stomach again . 
 not out of fear , she hopes . 
 chapter five `` hi , '' hugh says as he stands outside her front door . 
 `` i thought you 'd pick me up at the parlor ? '' 
 mary says . 
 `` i did , '' he smiles sheepishly . 
 `` i came early just in case you pester me again about my hair . '' 
 mary laughs . 
 `` come in . 
 i 'm not yet ready . 
 just sit and relax , '' she says as she closes the door . 
 hugh nods and helps himself to the couch . 
 he watches mary as she crosses briskly in front of him to her room . 
 he wonders if what he 's doing is right . 
 hugh has been dating tess for three months already and yet , he still has n't felt like she could be the one . 
 oddly though , when he stepped inside the parlor a few days ago and found himself gaping at mary 's face , he felt something inside his chest stirred . 
 he never believes in love at first sight . 
 the notion is just for romantics , he told himself . 
 but then again , he could n't understand this incessant longing to see mary . 
 when he woke up earlier , he thought of mary 's face . 
 and over breakfast , he was n't able to control himself from grabbing the receiver off the cradle of his phone and dialling mary 's number . 
 to make matters worse , he realized that he speed-dialled her number ! 
 which only meant that the last thing he did before hitting the bed last night was to enter her number in his speed-dial directory . 
 he frowns concernedly . 
 maybe he should break up with tess . 
 it feels good being with her , but she does n't make him feel -- giddy . 
 `` let 's go , '' mary says . 
 she is wearing leather jeans and a tank top . 
 `` you 're fast , '' hugh says . 
 `` thank you for the compliment . 
 you look lovely , too , '' mary jokes . 
 hugh laughs and his eyes fall upon her face down to her toes . 
 `` you look lovely , '' he says , smiling . 
 `` if only you were the one who said it first , '' she says , laughing . 
 then they head for the door . 
 *** when the evening started , hugh had no high expectations . 
 sure , he was fascinated to find the dinner more than enduring . 
 it was pretty awesome actually . 
 but with the happiness that he felt over the evening came the sadness that a realization brought , reminding him that tess is just a couple of blocks away , and that she , in a way , owns him . 
 as he stood outside the door of mary 's apartment , he became undecided . 
 he smiles at her . 
 `` thank you for this wonderful dinner , '' he pauses , `` between friends . '' 
 mary chuckles and nods her head . 
 `` yeah . 
 you could say that again . '' 
 `` so goodbye , '' he says . 
 but he does n't really want to turn around . 
 `` yup . 
 i 'll see you around , '' mary says and yet she also stands in front of him motionless as though both of them are waiting for something else to unfold . 
 after a few seconds , mary backs away from him and raises her right hand to say good night . 
 then she turns around and walks to the door . 
 `` if we 're friends now , is there a chance that we could maybe -- become best friends in the near future ? '' 
 hugh shouts . 
 mary looks back at him and laughs . 
 then she shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't know -- '' `` come on -- the evening was fun . 
 and i do n't want to throw that feeling of delicious belongingness away -- '' `` what are you saying ? '' 
 mary asks . 
 `` did n't you feel it too ? 
 that we have a connection ? '' 
 hugh asks as he walks toward her . 
 mary bites her lower lip . 
 `` i 'm afraid that 's exactly the reason we ca n't see each other anymore . '' 
 she backs away from him again and her hand moves to the doorknob . 
 before she could turn it though , hugh moves closer to her , pressing her against the door . 
 his eyes search hers and when he thinks that she feels the same way about him , he kisses her . 
 mary becomes still . 
 but before she pushes hugh away , she kisses him back . 
 briefly and yet , heartfelt . 
 and whatever she felt when she did that , she hoped that hugh had not read too much into the act . 
 she enters her apartment . 
 `` goodbye , hugh , '' she says . 
 hugh 's eyes soften as the gap between the door and the frame slides smaller until he could no longer see mary . 
 the door clicked , and he knew right then that mary did n't just close her doors on him . 
 she also locked her heart , leaving him out , and him wondering what it would take to be let in . 
 chapter six the day started early because mary could n't sleep . 
 she 's been thinking about hugh and although she wants to give it a try with him , she does n't want to hurt anyone in the process . 
 and if hugh is still seeing his girlfriend , then there 's no sense for her to be even thinking about him . 
 besides , he has to make a choice . 
 and seeing that he and his girlfriend are still together makes it clear to mary that he has made a choice -- and it was n't she . 
 she pushes the glass door of the parlor and turns on the lights . 
 neither evan nor beatrice is there to meet her . 
 it is too early for them to be at the shop already so she goes to the backdoor , grabs the broom and sweeps the floor . 
 all the while , she hummed an old song . 
 something about a lady and a nightingale . 
 she is surprised when at eight in the morning , a woman peers through the glass doors and waves frantically at her . 
 the ` closed ' sign is still hanging on the door , and mary does n't want to entertain any customers just yet . 
 but the woman keeps on waving , and since mary is just browsing an old issue of cosmopolitan , she decides to let the customer in . 
 the woman smiles widely at her . 
 `` hi , i 'm ruby . '' 
 `` come in , '' mary says . 
 `` great ! 
 you 're exactly who i 'm looking for . 
 i 'm a journalist and i want to do an interview with you , '' ruby says as she extends her hand . 
 mary clasps ruby 's hand limply . 
 `` an interview ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` yes . 
 i 've talked to about fifty women over the past few months and they all told me that you worked magic on their hair -- '' `` stop , '' mary says in a rush . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 except that she knew exactly what the other woman was referring to . 
 `` i 'll be glad to put on a full-page story about your shop . 
 you know , with advertisements from the paper , you would earn millions ! 
 and i 'll be the journalist who brought your story to the world , '' she says excitedly . 
 `` it 's a win-win situation for the both of us . '' 
 mary shakes her head in despair . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but you must have mistaken me for someone else -- '' `` blue eyes , check . 
 dark hair , check . 
 almost pretty face , check , '' ruby says before wagging a finger in front of her face . 
 `` no , i could n't be mistaken . 
 you must be mary . '' 
 `` ok . 
 just sit , '' mary says in panic . 
 ruby flops down on one of the chairs and beams at her . 
 `` are you ready now ? '' 
 `` no . 
 wait . 
 i do n't want to do this interview -- '' `` but if you 're not going to let me do the interview , i would still be pushing through with this story . 
 and more people would be wondering who you are . 
 that could be worse . '' 
 mary frowns . 
 worse than this ? 
 already her heart skips . 
 `` i just ca n't . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 ruby says . 
 `` because i do n't want to be known . '' 
 `` but -- '' `` please , you have to listen to me , '' mary says . 
 `` there 's no way i 'll let you interview me . '' 
 ruby pauses . 
 `` why ? 
 is there a secret formula you 're using on people 's hair ? '' 
 mary blinks several times . 
 her hands rise to her head and she clutches at her hair as she tries to rack her brain for an excuse . 
 she breathes out heavily . 
 `` i just ca n't . 
 please just go -- '' ruby is still staring at her , considering . 
 then she stands up slowly and pouts . 
 when she reaches the door she glances at mary . 
 `` i will still run the story , just so you know . '' 
 then she was out . 
 it was mary 's turn to collapse on the chair and she buried her face in her hands . 
 she did n't know what to do . 
 if that woman tells her story to the world , what would happen now ? 
 of course she could deny it . 
 but with a lot of customers she had in the past to vouch the woman 's story , people would be curious . 
 but . 
 there has to be a but . 
 a way out of this dilemma . 
 as the minutes ticked by , she could n't think of a reason though . 
 except for her to pack her bags and move away immediately . 
 to where , she does n't know yet . 
 just that she has to leave . 
 and soon , too . 
 *** hugh clears his throat for the tenth time since dinner was served . 
 in front of him , tess is seated . 
 she is talking animatedly about gossips in their office . 
 she laughs so suddenly that hugh feels the urge to laugh as well even though he has not heard anything his girlfriend said for the past minutes . 
 `` we have to talk , '' hugh says . 
 tess immediately stops talking . 
 her hands that were waving frantically on the space between them became frozen in air . 
 she brings them down to the table , and she leans forward on the table . 
 `` you 're scaring me , '' she whispers . 
 `` things have n't been working out with us -- , '' he begins . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she says . 
 hugh sighs . 
 `` i know that this may come out like such big news to you , but things between us are n't working out . '' 
 `` i heard that . 
 but why ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's not you . 
 you 're , '' he pauses as he searches for the right words , `` perfect . 
 or almost perfect . '' 
 `` that 's what you all say . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i mean it . 
 but i have a problem . 
 i met someone else and though i enjoyed being with you , this other woman was -- is -- '' `` better ? '' 
 hugh clamps his mouth to refrain from saying yes . 
 he shakes his head instead . 
 tess 's eyes dampen . 
 `` are you breaking up with me ? '' 
 hugh does n't have the strength to speak up so he just nods . 
 at that moment , tess cries . 
 `` but why would you ? 
 we were having such a great time . 
 well , i 've been having fun . 
 apparently , you do n't , '' she says . 
 hugh reaches out to hold her hand . 
 tess recoils from his touch . 
 `` when i met you , i thought to myself that maybe , this time could be the real thing . 
 i thought you 're the one i 'll end up spending the rest of my life with . 
 and though we have differences , they were just minor , and all couples have workable differences . '' 
 `` if it were just that , i would n't have broken up with you , '' hugh says softly . 
 `` but sometimes , people meet other people who although far from being perfect appear to be a more accurate match , '' he says . 
 `` match ? 
 what are you in high school ? '' 
 she says angrily . 
 `` no . 
 please , do n't make this hard -- '' hugh stops as tess slaps him . 
 `` make it hard on you ? 
 how utterly convenient for you to say that . 
 so you were just playing around , hanging out while waiting for the other person to come to your life . 
 well i hope you stay together . 
 because when this temporary thing you 're feeling for her becomes over , i would no longer be here for you . '' 
 tess picks up her bag and stands up abruptly . 
 with one look at him , she says , `` i hope you get what you deserve . '' 
 hugh watches her as she glides away from him . 
 he did n't know if she was being sarcastic . 
 right that moment though , all he wanted was to have another start in a relationship . 
 and he believes he found the woman for him . 
 he checks his watch and sees that it is approaching ten in the evening . 
 if he 's fast , he could still catch mary in the parlor . 
 he finds it weird that after ending a relationship he would feel the immediate need to talk to mary . 
 it was wrong but he could n't help himself . 
 maybe that 's how it really works . 
 when you find someone you 're meant to be with , sometimes the essence of wrong or right no longer becomes relevant . 
 chapter seven mary decides to settle in seattle . 
 for all the days that she has been staying there , the rains never stopped . 
 she saw the story that the journalist wrote about her yesterday . 
 enchanted hair , it said . 
 then there was an account about the women who had their hair fixed by mary . 
 mary did n't want to read the entire story , but as she glimpsed the picture of a woman she still remembered had her hair fixed by her , and saw how she was happier with it , a smile touched mary 's lips . 
 she kept on reading and she felt elated knowing that it was n't only the hair of these women that she fixed . 
 most of them talked about how their love lives blossomed . 
 and they referred to their smooth straight hair as the key factor for the success . 
 if only mary had the same luck . 
 it 's been more than a month since she went away in a rush , afraid that customers would queue up in the parlor . 
 evan and beatrice send her a regular accounting of how much the parlor makes . 
 it was not exactly profitable , but mary has to admit that the article has somehow boosted the income for several weeks . 
 she wonders how hugh is . 
 her mobile number is the same so she does n't know what keeps him from calling her . 
 she is with that thought , sipping coffee in the veranda of the apartment she 's renting when a car parks on the street . 
 a man wearing an overcoat climbs out and he runs toward her front door to avoid the rain . 
 then he rings her door . 
 mary goes downstairs to answer the door and when she opens it , her mouth hangs open . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` i 've wanted to do this for a long time now , but did n't have the courage to , '' he says . 
 then he steps forward and takes her in a kiss . 
 surprised , she still manages to kiss him back . 
 he tastes like coarse bread with the stubbles covering the areas around his mouth . 
 but the roughness makes the kiss more exciting . 
 he pulls back . 
 `` i 'm no longer with tess . 
 and if you would just give me a chance , maybe we could you know , fall in love ? '' 
 mary smiles widely and her eyes moisten . 
 she nods repeatedly and throws her arms around him . 
 `` that kiss did n't have to mean nothing , '' she whispers against his ear . 
 *** hugh looks at mary as she puts a plate of pancakes in front of him . 
 she 's been staying inside the house ever since he moved in with her . 
 `` do n't you get bored here ? '' 
 he asks . 
 mary sits down beside him and starts eating . 
 `` no , '' she says . 
 `` why do you ask ? '' 
 `` do n't you miss talking to people ? '' 
 mary laughs . 
 `` you are people , '' she argues . 
 `` i mean , you used to talk to a lot of people especially when you do their hair . '' 
 mary nods slowly . 
 `` that 's true . 
 i guess i 'm a changed person . 
 i do n't want to fix anybody 's hair anymore . '' 
 `` even mine ? '' 
 he teases . 
 `` except yours , '' mary says , although hugh could see that there was a flash of panic in her eyes . 
 hugh got interested . 
 `` why do n't you fix my hair tomorrow ? '' 
 mary coughs . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` come on , '' he says . 
 `` you 've been teasing me about it for the longest time . 
 and i told myself why not ? '' 
 `` but you 've always wanted your curls and i 've grown to like them too , '' mary protests . 
 `` no . 
 tomorrow , '' hugh says as he swallows a bite of the pancake . 
 *** mary has her eyes closed and she has her arm on top of hugh 's chest . 
 she is only half awake when something sour rises up from her stomach all the way to her mouth . 
 she stands up fast and runs all the way to the bathroom . 
 inside , she throws up on the toilet bowl . 
 after she flushes the toilet , she stands up slowly . 
 she still feels horrible and nauseated ; her eyes are still half-closed . 
 then she opens them widely as a thought crosses her mind . 
 is she pregnant ? 
 she turns to the medicine cabinet and rummages for a pregnancy test kit . 
 she bought it just last week because even though she had not really anticipated getting pregnant soon , hugh does n't wear protection when they have sex . 
 and in case she accidentally gets pregnant , she wants to be sure that she would immediately know . 
 she never realized that tearing through the plastic seal would make her shiver though . 
 the result would alter her life completely , and she was n't sure if she 's ready for a change that would be so permanent . 
 but this has to be done so she sits down on the toilet bowl and forces herself to pee . 
 after a few minutes she managed to successfully do so . 
 then she has to face the most difficult part of all -- waiting for the result . 
 she watches with dilated pupils as the lines start to appear . 
 there are two lines . 
 she is indeed pregnant . 
 `` oh my god , '' she whispers . 
 then she throws the result in the trash bin and hops outside . 
 she climbs in bed and wakes hugh up . 
 `` we 're going to have a baby , '' she says , smiling at him . 
 hugh opens his eyes and stares at her . 
 then a smile slowly flashed in his face . 
 `` that 's the best way to wake up a man , '' he says . 
 mary grins and kisses him , determined to show him the best way to wake up a man . 
 `` actually , that 's only second best , '' she whispers naughtily . 
 *** later that day , hugh asks mary to straighten his hair . 
 `` i 'm tired . 
 i do n't think i can do it , '' she complains although she is just faking it . 
 `` come on , '' he says playfully before he tickles her . 
 `` just think how more handsome i 'll get if you fix my hair . '' 
 that sends mary laughing . 
 `` i could n't argue with that , '' she says . 
 but as she went to prepare the formula -- her concoction of water , flour , olive oil and perfume -- she grew fearful . 
 what if something went horribly wrong to her body ? 
 and if that happens , what if hugh decides to leave her alone ? 
 that can not happen . 
 especially now that they 're having a baby . 
 but she says she 'll do it . 
 so she shuts her eyes tightly and utters a short prayer that the consequence would only be a dark skin somewhere at her back that could be hidden by clothes . 
 a dark patch at her back could n't hurt . 
 she proceeds to straightening his hair . 
 when she was finished , she let the flour dry until hugh 's hair felt hard like they were coated in plaster . 
 then she asks him to take a shower . 
 when he comes out , he towels his hair dry . 
 he becomes surprised when straight hair fell on his forehead . 
 `` wow , '' he says . 
 `` i never thought it could be this straight . 
 it almost feels as though i 've never had curly hair at all . '' 
 mary only grins . 
 then she rushes to the bathroom and locks the door . 
 she strips her clothes off and waits for the bad thing that could happen to her body . 
 she fills the tub and decides that she would take a long bath while waiting . 
 when the warm water fills the bathtub , she dips herself and lies down . 
 until she falls asleep . 
 the sound of hugh 's knocks on the door wakes her . 
 `` honey , you 've been there too long , '' hugh says . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 i took a bath , '' she says . 
 then she hurriedly stands up and dries herself . 
 when she was done , she checks her reflection in the mirror . 
 there seems to be nothing new . 
 she studies her back again and nothing . 
 she moves closer to the mirror and combs her hair in different directions wondering if it was her scalp that was affected , but nothing seemed to be wrong with it too . 
 she opens her mouth and checks her teeth . 
 they are still all sparkly white . 
 it is odd -- nothing is wrong with her body at all ! 
 it is new to her , and she smiles widely because it means that she could straighten other people 's hair again . 
 maybe she could open another parlor in seattle instead of a diner . 
 although she told hugh that she did n't miss socializing , it had been a lie . 
 she wanted to have customers again , but she was afraid to straighten hair because of the consequences the act brought to her body . 
 but now , she smiles widely again , things seem to have changed . 
 no more ugliness in her body . 
 chapter eight nine months pass by quickly and a lot of things have happened since . 
 right now , hugh sits beside mary as they wait for the baby to be delivered to them . 
 they have an eight-pound baby boy . 
 mary glances at hugh 's face and smiles up at him . 
 he would make a good father , she 's certain of it . 
 the days to follow would be interesting . 
 she would be caring for their boy , henry . 
 she likes the name her husband picked out for their son . 
 and in a few months , when the lease on the open space in an old building is finalized , she could start giving instructions on the layout for the new branch of beautiful hair . 
 she could n't wait . 
 the baby would fill her days for the next months , but after that , she 'll be ready to face the styling world again . 
 with the baby coming into their lives , she knows that she has to start saving up again . 
 hugh works as an advertising manager , but the agency that he belongs to is small , and the money he makes is even smaller . 
 the parlor would definitely solve their issues on money . 
 besides , a huge amount of her savings will be invested on the interior design of the parlor . 
 she smiles and hugh looks at her . 
 `` i 'm excited about the baby , '' he says . 
 `` why did n't you check him at the nursery ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to cheat you , '' he says . 
 `` you carried him inside you for nine months and i felt it 's unfair for me to be the first one to see our son . '' 
 `` are n't you sweet , '' mary says as she rests her head against his shoulder . 
 the door to the room opens and a nurse walks in . 
 `` here are your parents , baby boy , '' the nurse announces . 
 she puts the baby on mary 's lap . 
 mary and hugh look down on the baby and they were both smiling as they study the boy 's face . 
 `` he 's got your chin , '' hugh says . 
 `` and your nose , '' mary pipes in . 
 then mary checks out the boy 's body . 
 she opens the cloth that wraps the boy . 
 everything seems to be perfect . 
 she counts ten fingers and ten toes . 
 her smile grows wider . 
 then she turns the baby to its side so she could check his back , and she chokes as she stares at a wide dark patch with a few hairs on the boy 's lower back . 
 `` odd , '' hugh says . 
 `` that 's one ugly birthmark . '' 
 mary 's face pales as it dawns on her that the curse every time she uses her power did n't disappear . 
 she breathes a sigh of relief , thankful that she did n't do any more hair straightening when she was still pregnant . 
 now , how the hell will she get out of the lease agreement ? 
 she hopes that she could still back out of the transaction and get the deposits she already made . 
 hugh still scratches his head as he frowns at the birthmark . 
 the end the writer jane vergara chapter one `` state your name , '' the police officer said as he leafed through the documents on the desk , documents that in only a quarter of an inch thick summarized what porter prick 's life had been . 
 `` emmy waterson . '' 
 the blinking lights still flashed inside the old lady 's head as if the police 's arrival at the subdivision happened very recently and not a week ago . 
 the loud sirens gave her an epiphany of what she knew . 
 * * * my name is porter prick and my friends call me prick . 
 i hate it because it sounded derogatory , but the years passed by , and there was no stopping my friends from calling me anything but that . 
 my neigbor 's name is john delasant and it had been a few weeks since he came to the neighborhood . 
 i remember when the moving services ' truck parked on the street across my house , heavily-muscled men alighting the vehicle . 
 the uniforms were simple crew neck shirts with the company 's name printed on the back . 
 one man moved to the back of the truck , opened the door and studied the stack of boxes . 
 the other one , a tall man , who was probably in his mid-twenties started unloading , giving proof that the bungalow type house , which belonged to an old lady with dementia was already sold . 
 a black car pulled over at the back of the truck and i watched as a man wearing a cap and sunglasses hoisted himself from the driver 's door of his top-down car . 
 swaggering lazily after the trucking services ' employees , he took a cigarette from his vest 's pocket and lit it . 
 rings of smoke hovered in front of his face as he puffed . 
 some of the neighbors were out on the street also , watching the new man who arrived in our subdivision . 
 it was an occurrence that seldom happened in the quiet subdivision where home-owners usually never ever sell their houses . 
 instead , they become heirlooms passed on to their children . 
 this was how i came to own my two-storey house , too . 
 when my parents died , being their only child , i inherited it . 
 the black coat that john was wearing framed his wide shoulders , and as he puffed and puffed on the cigarette , his feet alternately swung as though he was anxious . 
 he flicked the cigarette , sending the butt on the pavement , and he did n't move to put it out . 
 mrs. waterson , an old lady whose house was beside mine , shook her head in disgust . 
 her pale lips twitched making her face a mask of wrinkles . 
 `` another smoker in this village , eh ? '' 
 she blurted out , which was loud enough for me to hear . 
 i looked around me to see if there were other neighbors that heard , and apparently there were some because i caught a few heads nodding in agreement to what she said . 
 there were many kids in the subdivision and smoking was frowned upon generally . 
 `` you pick that cigarette butt off the road ! '' 
 to my horror , mrs. waterson shouted . 
 john , who still had his sunglasses on , pulled them down , his black eyes showing , and stared at mrs. waterson . 
 his face was unreadable and i prayed that the old lady would n't say anything more to make him mad . 
 it was his first day here , and although i am not a fan myself of socializing with neighbors , let alone strange looking ones , i certainly do not subscribe to other people voicing out their sheer disapproval of others . 
 peace and harmony -- that 's what i always wanted so i could go on with my routine days , sitting outside my porch as i wrote my novel . 
 john raised a hand and waved at mrs. waterson and right then , a surge of familiarity burst inside my chest and i almost doubled-over and vomited . 
 `` i 'll keep an eye on you , old lady -- '' john said . 
 i opened my mouth and let the words escape from my mouth , `` your nightmare is just about to start . '' 
 mrs. waterson and john turned their freaking heads toward me . 
 mrs. waterson 's eyes were filled with uncertainty while john 's held fascination . 
 `` how did you know what i was about to say ? '' 
 i gulped and felt the hair on my arms stand . 
 in the chilly morning breeze , i perspired . 
 `` movie -- i watched a movie the other day where a character said exactly that , '' i said , already afraid . 
 john grinned as he took out another cigarette and lit it , his mouth widened in an attempt to smile . 
 then , he raised his left hand and began removing his cap . 
 i held my breath , waiting for what my gaze would fall upon , and i almost shrieked as i stared at his head -- bald and as shiny as a lamp post . 
 john was still staring at me and then he looked at the other neighbors and waved to them , saying his pleasantries . 
 `` you -- '' he pointed a finger at me . 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` yes , you '' `` what ? '' 
 `` pick the cigarette butt and throw it in the bin , i do n't want to piss the old lady , '' he said and turned around , following the movers into his house , his laughter trailing after him . 
 my eyes widened , and in response , i ran toward the cigarette butt , picked it and held it in my hand for a few seconds before i threw it in the bin , disgusted at the scent that i knew seeped through my fingernails . 
 the other neighbors including mrs. waterson started walking back to their houses . 
 i shuddered once more before i broke into a sprint toward my house . 
 chapter two my boots clanged loudly against the wooden planks of the stairs and i rushed to reach the desk in the small office inside my house . 
 it used to be my room and there were still some remnants of the dingy posters of rock stars from my childhood . 
 a playboy centrefold was pasted across the left wall just above the desk . 
 when my parents died , i converted my room into an office by simply removing the bed , dragging it across the hall to the opposite bedroom that held witness as my parents fell into the welcoming arms of the void . 
 the pile of papers was laid out neatly on the desk , and i stared at my puny attempt to edit the draft of my novel . 
 i finished it a week ago , but when i got back to reviewing the manuscript , i puked upon reading lines that were redundant and paragraphs that did n't mesh well in the scene . 
 and this was just right after i sent a copy through courier to an agent . 
 i stared in horror at the glaring errors . 
 the white crisp papers were littered with red marks too numerous to count that to my own eyes , the papers seemed to be nothing but scribbles of red words , burying in them the real words that i initially wrote . 
 i picked one sheet and scanned it , looking for the name that i typed several weeks ago . 
 there . 
 it stared at me , john delasant . 
 i leafed through the pile on my desk looking for the description i penned about john . 
 after tearing most of the pages in frustration , i finally saw what i wrote : john delasant sauntered toward his bungalow . 
 he looked around , his black eyes taking in his new neighborhood , and his bald head shining as though it was polished and waxed . 
 with shaking hands , i put the page down . 
 my eyes widened in frantic . 
 how in the world did that happen ? 
 did i conjure him ? 
 but his character in my novel was a killer ... and if i did brought him to existence in this town , then that only means one thing -- he is a killer ! 
 my heart raced inside my chest and i clutched tightly at my head , my fingers tearing at my hair . 
 this ca n't be ! 
 i created a monster ! 
 i raced downstairs and took a seat in one of the bar-stools , my hand automatically reaching upward to get a goblet . 
 when it was set in front of me , i took the half-empty bottle of merlot , pulled at the cork , chuckled when i heard it pop , and poured into the goblet . 
 drips of wine fell to the counter as i drank . 
 then when the goblet was empty , i finished the red liquid by drinking directly from the bottle . 
 i swallowed hurriedly , the eyes of my neighbor haunting me . 
 writing while drunk was something i had to put an end to because when i 'm drunk , i do n't get to remember the names i give to my characters . 
 the unfinished manuscript on my desk told me that i named the killer in my story the same as my neighbor . 
 now how odd was that ? 
 i should really stop drinking . 
 to top it off , i realized that the scene earlier with the fuss over the cigarette butt was too familiar that thinking about it in my head , reliving the earlier confrontation , it seemed like i was getting another déjà vu . 
 `` i am prick and i 'm an alcoholic . 
 shit ! '' 
 i paused , trying to recall what i usually say in the aa meetings . 
 `` i am prick and i 've been sober for zero days now -- shit , shit , shit ! '' 
 zero , zero , zero ... should it be zero days or zero day ? 
 the sound of glass shattering against the wall was no longer unfamiliar to my ears . 
 whenever i sink into my old drinking habits , i would feel a sense of remorse overcoming my being , and to recompense for the offense i knew i did , i would throw the bottle on the wall wishing that the shards of glass would redound strongly and pierce me in several places across my body . 
 if i were dead , there would be no sadder story to finish . 
 and i would no longer be an alcoholic . 
 the goblet i was holding shook as i laughed loudly , remembering my neighbor 's name . 
 john delasant . 
 john delasant . 
 john dela ... the taunting inside my head stopped as my body fell to the floor , leaving me unconscious , making me forget about the character in my novel and how strangely , the character came to life . 
 as though i spawned the evil killer to our subdivision . 
 * * * the voice of mrs. waterson woke me up the following day . 
 she was banging on the door and her voice was loud enough to battle against a bleating goat . 
 groggily , i stood up and walked to the main door and opened it . 
 the sunlight made me squint and i raised an arm to cover my face . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i want you to watch our fucking neighbor ! 
 i do n't like him , not even a tiny bit ! '' 
 mrs. waterson said angrily . 
 `` please come in -- '' i said although i wanted to slam the door in her face for yelling at me . 
 still tipsy , her loud words sent my head aching horribly . 
 `` prick , listen to me , '' mrs. waterson said . 
 `` you 're the only one i trust here and yesterday , you heard with your own ears that he threatened me , right ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure if i could call it a threat . '' 
 mrs. waterson pounced on me , her eyes reduced to two black marbles amidst a wrinkled face that very much resembled a pug 's . 
 `` it is a threat , i tell you . '' 
 `` call it what you want -- '' `` well , do something about it ! 
 report him to a police officer -- whatever it takes to make him go back to wherever he came from . '' 
 she rambled on , `` i 'm old , if he makes true with his threat , i could end up dead ! 
 my legs are no longer meant for running and if i were not so pissed off at him yesterday , i would have been very , very scared ! '' 
 her words droned on , sending piercing tremors to my freaking head . 
 i waved my arms over my head . 
 `` stop ! 
 please , you old annoying woman ! 
 he was not threatening you -- did n't you remember what he said ? 
 let me refresh you , i will keep an eye on you , old lady -- in what part of that sentence did he threaten you ? '' 
 i shouted , losing my patience . 
 my head still throbbed . 
 mrs. waterson 's eyes widened , `` i thought you were on my side ? '' 
 `` i am -- of course , if anybody is in trouble i would help , but dear god , that man said nothing at all ! '' 
 shaking , mrs. waterson sat on the couch and looked at her hands . 
 `` it 's just that i 'm scared ... but maybe you 're right . 
 maybe i read too much from what he really said ... '' `` go home , mrs. waterson . 
 my head is aching like crazy and i have to attend to some matters today , '' i said . 
 `` you broke a glass . 
 do you need help you poor man ? '' 
 mrs. waterson said upon seeing the kitchen floor littered with shards . 
 `` no , let it go , '' i said as i grabbed her arm firmly . 
 my cheeks flushed , ashamed of my behaviour . 
 `` i 'm sorry , please . 
 just leave . '' 
 mrs. waterson nodded , her lips on a firm line against her wrinkled face . 
 then , she started for the door and went outside the house . 
 the door was left opened and i had to move toward it to shut it . 
 before i did , i craned my neck to check out the house in front of mine . 
 the bungalow was still as though there 's nobody inside . 
 the only manifestation that it now had an owner was the missing `` for sale '' sign that used to be erected on the front lawn . 
 and yes , there were curtains hung now on the windows -- i paused and looked again , squinting , and caught a slight movement in one of the windows . 
 the curtain in the living room moved and i found myself staring at john 's eyes ! 
 i 'm totally out of whack , and i jumped back inside the house , slamming the door shut . 
 i ran all the way to the bar to get another drink but there were no more bottles of wine . 
 i had finished my supply . 
 in dismay i turned around to start the coffeemaker instead . 
 a broken glass cut my toe and i whimpered at the sight of blood . 
 counting to twenty , i breathed in and out , then in and out again , in an effort to calm myself . 
 which , to my horror , i failed . 
 i found myself walking upstairs again , blood from my toe trailed after me as i went to the bathroom and cleaned myself up . 
 i had to finish the manuscript soon and put an end to the killings . 
 * * * i never saw john again for the rest of the day and i wondered what he was doing in his house . 
 for several weeks now , our paths never crossed and instead of finding it comforting , it scared me a little . 
 where could he be ? 
 if his car were parked outside his house , would that really mean that he 's also inside or was it a decoy to make people believe that he never left home . 
 that could be a strong alibi . 
 i was sitting in front of my desk again , determined not to take any alcohol for the rest of the day in the hopes that i would finally finish editing my novel . 
 the cursor of the laptop blinked and i was hypnotized by its moderate flashing , until i felt my fingers dancing on the keyboard , letters forming into a jumble of words , and words creating sentences that vibrated with life as the black lines started occupying the white of the laptop 's screen . 
 i saw john 's name forming on the screen too many times that it felt like he was the protagonist in my novel . 
 every now and then , there 's a flash of mrs. waterson 's name . 
 how the hell did i get to write about them ? 
 and the crazy thing was that john manifested out of thin air and into our lives making every word in my novel seem like they were ripped from my reality . 
 my fingers stopped moving , and i blinked , not remembering much of what i keyed in . 
 regardless , when i read the new pages , it still fell short , not declaring a suitable ending . 
 how will the story end ? 
 i stood up and combed my hair , stared at my teeth in front of the mirror , watching out for any remnant of food that gargling did not wash off . 
 then , when it was all clean , i went out of the house , walked to the parking lot , started my car , and drove away . 
 the bungalow house where john resided was dwarfed by my two-storey home , but surprisingly , its size was enough to send shivers down my spine . 
 i could n't forget john 's eyes , his sunglasses , and the way he stared at me . 
 i have got to do something . 
 something to make the creepy feeling go away and to send him running off the way mrs. waterson wanted . 
 chapter three in the supermarket , i headed straight to the wine section and was greeted with the colorful bottles in various shapes , taunting me . 
 i looked around afraid that one of the aa members would spot me and tell on me . 
 but -- i remember -- in case i bump across someone who 's also an alcoholic , i could simply ask him or her what his business is in the wine section also . 
 most probably , that will send him flying in another section of the supermarket , as abashed as i would be if caught . 
 but if i ever get so unlucky as to get caught , i knew what i would say as i had rehearsed an excuse in my crazy head . 
 i would say that it was only alcohol that 's keeping me awake during the wee hours of the morning to finish what i was writing . 
 and because i had no day job , it 's imperative that i finish my manuscript . 
 as simple as that and i can go on binge drinking again . 
 i took two bottles each of red and white wine . 
 the next destination in my head was the aisle for dairy products , thinking about blue cheese and some cheddar . 
 better indulge . 
 i reached out to take cheddar when someone from my back coughed . 
 if i turn around now , i know who i will find -- john ! 
 it gave me a tingling sensation all over my body that i knew what would happen -- because it had been all laid out before using my own words , each incident manifesting before my eyes . 
 i turned around . 
 `` i do n't think you gave me your name , '' john said . 
 i gulped . 
 `` prick , '' i said . 
 john 's eyes turned into angry slits and i wondered what i said . 
 then i realized that he must have thought i was calling him a prick so i immediately said , `` no , no . 
 i mean prick is my last name . 
 porter prick is my name . 
 but my friends call me prick . 
 and i 'm not calling you prick . 
 i wo n't -- '' i stopped talking because i did n't make any sense anymore . 
 he sneered at me . 
 `` you 're the prick , porter , '' he said , his finger thrust to my chest . 
 he walked away from me , and in an irritated voice he added , `` stupid prick . '' 
 i did n't know if he meant for me to hear , but i was glad that the conversation was over . 
 i took a cab home and entered my house , my feet immediately prompting me to the bar . 
 then when i was halfway through my first bottle , i sprang from my seat and rushed to the window . 
 `` shit ! 
 shit ! '' 
 i cursed repeatedly upon realizing that i left my car in the supermarket . 
 irritated , i howled when a piercing pain shot up my right leg after i kicked at the door . 
 there was nothing that could be done about that so i went back to the bar . 
 i took a high glass and brought the merlot with me upstairs . 
 the wine was so i can finish with my novel , i justified . 
 the wind cut through my office as i opened the door . 
 some of the papers on the desk flew , greeting me as though saluting the presence of their master . 
 i kicked on some of the paper that fell to the floor ; they 're no longer important . 
 i would re-print my manuscript after i had given it an apt ending , tweaking what i had penned previously . 
 immediately , i sat in front of my laptop and searched for the last page i edited . 
 the wine gave a loud popping sound as i pulled on the cork . 
 the high glass was full a moment later , but empty again in a heartbeat ; some red liquid was grazing my chin . 
 i burped , my body allowing the alcohol to escape my digestive system . 
 i poured another full glass and drank , and when i finished , my eyes were veiled with the coat of haziness that i needed to possess to finish the manuscript . 
 i was in a trance and i let my fingers dance on the keyboard once more . 
 my head was hung so low over the laptop screen that i thought i was having a dream . 
 i blinked several times and then peered at the screen -- `` dead ! 
 andrew is dead ! '' 
 the shouts were repeated , piercing my eardrums . 
 i was instantly back to reality , leaving behind the world of john dela sant in my novel . 
 the footsteps of my neighbors boomed against my ears and i shuddered . 
 the killing had started , i thought . 
 it could n't end like this . 
 i had to do something . 
 but before heading out the door , i saved the manuscript i was typing , fed paper to the printer , and hit print . 
 the machine started spewing out my words . 
 i crossed over to my room and opened the top drawer of my bedside table . 
 a bible stared me in the face . 
 i shoved it closed and pulled at the bottom drawer and this time my gaze fell upon the black gun . 
 with unbelievably firm hands , i took the cold metal object and brushed it against the slacks that i was wearing . 
 there were some blood stains and i had to remove them . 
 i studied the gun and i was satisfied when i saw that there 's no more blood . 
 reluctantly , i took the stairs and started walking to the door . 
 i knew what would come next . 
 john -- the sick bastard -- would be on his way to mrs. waterson 's to finish what he started . 
 my heart started beating fast , and only when that realization hit me did my hand start shaking . 
 it would all be over soon , i kept on telling myself . 
 the sick bastard would die . 
 chapter four i pressed 911 on my mobile phone but i could n't connect . 
 in utter desperation , i threw my phone and hit the tree on my neighbour 's front lawn . 
 it was almost a noiseless thwack but the sound reverberated in my ears and my heartbeat went wild in competition . 
 from where i was hiding , i looked at the tall figure of john . 
 he was inside the house of mrs. waterson . 
 i imagined that at this time , he would already be in the kitchen , thumbing the sharp knife that he would eventually use to dismember his victim . 
 my eyes were popping in anticipation and partly fear . 
 this was exactly how i had written my novel , and i could n't muster the courage to use the gun i was holding in my right hand . 
 my hair was slick with perspiration and to my tensed ears , even the slow dripping of my sweat sounded too loud . 
 i gripped the gun in both hands to stop the trembling and succeeded but my knees gave way and buckled . 
 i kept on reminding myself that i do not have to be a hero . 
 i am just a man . 
 just let the neighbor die . 
 as i walked toward the door , i did n't notice the brick that was dislodged on the pathway . 
 i cursed myself as i fell , gun in hand , and shot the door . 
 my mouth went dry . 
 i stood up and in panic threw the gun away . 
 when the door suddenly opened and john smiled at me , the hair on my neck stood up . 
 even his smile was eerie . 
 `` well , hello prick . 
 just as i thought -- you 'd come to me , '' john said . 
 i stared at his menacing eyes and croaked . 
 `` hello ... '' john laughed . 
 his laughter pierced the thick air that was surrounding me . 
 i must have looked like a toad with my eyes bulging in fear and with the croak that i just gave . 
 still hesitant about whether i should play the hero of mrs. waterson , i wiped my clammy palms against my jeans . 
 `` you 're not going to twist this around , '' he said . 
 i swallowed my saliva ; my feet glued to the pavement in fear . 
 john pointed his finger at me . 
 `` you asshole , '' he said shaking his head in disgust . 
 that was all i could take , i shrieked and ran all the way back to my house . 
 it was a mere hundred meters from mrs. waterson 's house . 
 i locked the door and hurriedly went upstairs to my room . 
 i know how this will end , john would now murder my poor neighbor . 
 with shaking hands , i looked for the draft of my manuscript , the one that i printed out only this morning . 
 i skimmed the pages and reached the end of the story . 
 it was blank ! 
 oh goddamnit ! 
 how i hated writing when i was drunk ! 
 it always messed up my ending . 
 but i was sure about the final chapter . 
 in my mind it was vivid , `` body found dead , reported by neighbor '' would be tomorrow 's headline . 
 from the window of my room i looked outside at mrs. waterson 's house and hesitated . 
 she 's alive ? 
 she was talking on the phone and pointing to my house . 
 `` what on earth ? '' 
 i thought . 
 then , my door swung open and my eye caught sight of john . 
 i shivered . 
 my ears strained to listen to each step that he made toward me , each one being taken painstakingly slow . 
 i jerked when his body bumped against the desk and sent the bottle of wine crashing to the floor . 
 he stopped and then he laughed wildly . 
 i stood up , backed against the wall , and took to the window . 
 quickly , i looked outside and my gaze fell upon the house of mrs. waterson . 
 she was looking at me , and she shrieked loudly , arm pointed toward me . 
 from afar the sirens started to wail , booming loudly to the rhythm of my heart 's wild beats . 
 then she gave out another shriek and i turned around . 
 john was standing so close now , his hand holding a butcher 's knife . 
 he laughed and the sound of his laughter reminded me of the words that i wrote in the last chapter of my manuscript : he moved slowly toward his victim , unmindful of the blaring sirens coming from the police cars outside . 
 because in his heart he has no compassion and being the cold-hearted murderer that he was , he only lives to kill . 
 the victim looked at his reflection on the narrow blade of the butcher 's knife , thankful for a last glimpse of himself . 
 then , john slashed the knife , slitting the neck , sending the victim 's body toppling to the floor . 
 the desk beside him fell and pages of manuscripts dropped one by one , some of them covering his body as though in an embrace . 
 and then it was over . 
 `` goodbye , prick , '' john said . 
 goodbye , prick . 
 goodbye , prick . 
 goodbye , prick , the words rang in my ears leaping from the manuscript that i penned . 
 and then i just waited for john 's knife . 
 when the knife slashed , its tip met the flesh in my neck , and i did n't raise my hands to fight anymore . 
 because i know that there 's no way i could have prevented this from happening . 
 i had created the monster in my book and let him loose upon this village . 
 but this was the last killing that he 'll be doing because with mrs. waterson to hold witness and with the police cars all ready to barge in any minute now , i knew that john would be caught . 
 as i fell to the floor , thoughts confused me . 
 my name 's prick and i have been sober for zero days . 
 stupid , prick ! 
 goodbye , prick . 
 i thought you were on my side ? 
 the deaths in our village would stop when john gets caught , and with that i smiled weakly as my eyes began to close . 
 my life -- my useless life -- had not been lived in vain after all . 
 i would die a hero . 
 there would be no twenty-one gun salute but my name will be uttered in reverence in our place . 
 hero . 
 hero . 
 hero . 
 hero . 
 hero . 
 the words echoed , lulling me to sleep , and then it was over . 
 chapter five mrs. waterson shook as she was interrogated by the police officer . 
 she kept on clutching at the shawl she was wearing , her lips quivering in fear and her eyes darting aimlessly . 
 `` emmy , '' the police officer said , `` stay with me . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm still in shock . '' 
 `` i understand , '' he said . 
 `` here , drink some water first , and after that let 's hear your story . '' 
 emmy obliged and swallowed until there was no more water . 
 she licked her lips not to wet them , but rather to hold off talking for another few seconds . 
 `` andrew died almost a week ago . 
 i do n't know . 
 there 's a killer loose in our neighborhood and everybody 's been on edge . '' 
 she stopped . 
 `` then , i remember that john delasant moved in weeks ago . 
 he has that look of a crooked man , someone who will be feared by most people . 
 and i must admit , i had a bout against him . 
 i never liked him . 
 the way he told me that my nightmares are about to start -- i hated him since then . 
 `` then a few days ago , another body was found dead . 
 he lived several blocks from my place and he was stabbed , the poor man . 
 there was no evidence as to who did the killings . 
 the police officers said that he was drunk , and his heart could have malfunctioned while he was sleeping . 
 smashed wine bottles were all around his place . 
 `` it was a sad day for me . 
 you see , i 'm old -- i do n't want to be bothered by these kinds of news -- it aggravates me . 
 just when all i want to do in my life is relax and enjoy my pension , ruckus started . 
 i know i have to do something about it . 
 to help out , you see ... '' she stopped talking and continued , `` then i remember . 
 i went to porter prick 's house . 
 the sun was already high and i did n't think that i would rouse him from sleep . 
 after a few minutes of waiting , he finally came to the door and let me in . 
 `` why did you go to his house ? '' 
 the police officer asked . 
 `` i was afraid of john . 
 he said that my nightmare 's about to start and i thought that he would kill me , '' she laughed . 
 she shook her head as if she found what she said funny . 
 `` i complained to porter prick that john threatened me so i asked him to report the incident to a police officer -- '' `` if you were threatened , why did n't you call the police yourself ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe , i 'm too scared . 
 you see , what if it were n't true ? 
 then , that will send john hating me all the more . 
 and when that happens , maybe he 'd try out something nasty on me . 
 oh no , no , no . 
 forgive me , officer , but i would not endanger myself like that . '' 
 the police officer scribbled something in the file and nodded . 
 `` please continue your story . '' 
 `` it was n't the first time i came to porter 's house . 
 i know he has wine glass cases in his bar showing off his collection . 
 but i did n't know they were empty . 
 in my opinion , he was a collector of wine . 
 `` when i banged loudly against his door , he answered the door and because i was mad , i demanded that he should do something about john . 
 i did n't notice that his hair was dishevelled , his long-sleeved shirt wrinkled . 
 he moved in front of me , tearing at his hair as if he had a terrible headache . 
 then , for the love of god , he shouted ! 
 he called me an old annoying woman . 
 i know it was n't harsh because i was talking too much and besides it was true , i 'm old . 
 but it was the first time i saw him edgy . 
 i stopped while he rambled on and on . 
 then my eyes fell upon the floor where there were broken glasses scattered . 
 that would explain his behaviour , why he was so sour that day . 
 he had been drinking . '' 
 the police officer nodded , urging her to continue . 
 `` then , i went home , my mind confused . 
 although i was afraid , i called john . 
 i told you he 's the scary type , right ? 
 well , he is . 
 and i thought to myself , with that man dead , i should be friends with people who could help me and porter did n't seem to be that man so i called john . 
 then the commotion started outside and i was afraid . 
 somebody yelled that andrew 's dead -- dear god ! 
 john was kind enough to ask me to take his knife for protection . 
 he showed me his butcher 's knife and it was indeed very sharp . 
 i refused , of course . 
 `` at my age , a knife may just bring me death . 
 so i told him no . 
 then outside , we heard footsteps . 
 john and i moved toward the window and saw who was outside -- porter . 
 he was holding a gun and i shivered . 
 john told me to stay inside , and that he 'll attend to it , that i have nothing to worry about . 
 and then there was a gunshot and i jumped . 
 i shivered and clutched tightly against john . 
 he pressed a finger against my lips to silence me and when i had calmed enough , he started toward the door . 
 `` afraid that porter may do something to john , i called the police and waited , '' she paused . 
 `` that 's all i know officer . '' 
 the police officer looked at his notes . 
 `` thank you , emmy . 
 you 've been very helpful . 
 we 'll be moving to investigate this further , but i do n't think john will be in trouble . 
 the evidence we have points to porter . '' 
 mrs. waterson shuddered . 
 `` it was odd , you know . 
 i never thought . '' 
 she shook her head and repeated , `` i never thought ... '' *** somewhere in the bungalow right across porter prick 's abandoned house , a man sat staring across his window . 
 he did n't like trimming his nails with a cutter . 
 slowly and firmly , the tips of his fingernails dropped to the floor one by one , the sunlight reflecting brightly against his butcher 's knife . 
 the end blue rose jane vergara chapter one michael curt robinson stared at the woman that was sitting across him in the bar . 
 she had those crazy dangling earrings that just about shone irritably every time the light blinked and touched them . 
 she also had exaggeratedly fake long lashes that when she stared down into her wine glass almost reached the tip of her nose . 
 she kept looking on the clock that was pinned against a wall . 
 the clock 's hands danced painfully slow for his wishes . 
 he loosened his necktie , which he realized he should have done earlier right before he came in the bar to have a drink instead of taking it off , folding it several times , and when he still failed in rolling them properly just pushed it down his pants ' pocket before he approached the woman . 
 he took a swallow of his beer to clear his throat , mustering the courage to talk to her . 
 michael had not frequented bars after he graduated from college and instead worked his ass off . 
 the past two weeks had been different though and right now , he just wanted to be back in the game . 
 he swallowed another mouthful of beer like he 's drowning himself in its bitter aftertaste . 
 `` hi , nice night , huh ? '' 
 he said awkwardly . 
 he took another sip from his beer . 
 the woman regarded him carefully . 
 `` fancy a smoke ? '' 
 michael fished one stick from her box and lit it . 
 he was puffing on it incessantly , and then he coughed . 
 `` nasty menthols , '' he said . 
 the woman laughed at him . 
 `` i 'm lana , '' she said . 
 `` michael , '' he said before offered his hand . 
 `` i could n't help but notice that you 've been looking at that clock . 
 waiting for someone ? '' 
 lana smiled wanly . 
 `` i was . 
 and now here you are . '' 
 michael studied her , uncertain of what to make of her response . 
 he had never been glib with women and he doubted if his luck was about to change . 
 `` so it was n't a mistake after all when i decided to call in sick for the rest of the day at work and introduce myself to you , '' he teased . 
 lana laughed . 
 `` what do you do ? '' 
 `` i 'm a paralegal . '' 
 `` i 've never met a paralegal before . 
 i mean , from any of my clients . '' 
 michael cocked an eyebrow , the bottle 's mouth pressed roughly against his lips . 
 `` what does a paralegal do ? '' 
 a projectile of beer followed as michael coughed , laughing . 
 `` it 's not interesting . 
 mostly research . 
 and then of course the ultimate highlight of the day when i get sacked by my boss . '' 
 `` at least it 's not boring -- '' said lana . 
 `` hm , sounds like you 've got a story to tell . '' 
 michael stared at her lashes and his eyes widened after realizing that she were n't wearing fake lashes at all . 
 lana stared at him , sipping on her wine glass . 
 `` you should be glad if you 're happy with what you do . 
 i mean , for me it 's more like let 's get this over with , if you get what i mean . '' 
 lana 's eyes darted toward the bar entrance , as though her denial of waiting for someone was n't real . 
 `` who 're you waiting for ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i told you there 's no one in particular . 
 it 's a talent you see , or maybe intuition . 
 my grandmother told me that i have a gift . 
 i can sense need . '' 
 michael grinned . 
 `` now you do n't want to talk to me anymore . '' 
 `` no , on the contrary . 
 please , indulge me , '' he said . 
 she laughed . 
 `` no , you said you have a boring job , i do n't want to contribute to that . '' 
 `` would you like to go somewhere ? '' 
 michael asked , wondering if it was too soon to ask . 
 lana stared at him with her soft brown eyes and nodded . 
 michael pulled a twenty dollar bill from his wallet and left it on the table . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said . 
 he followed her as she walked toward the exit sign . 
 michael lowered his gaze so that none of the other patrons who were there would pay him any attention . 
 when they were out in the open , he exhaled not knowing that he 'd been holding his breath in for fear that someone he knew might see him . 
 chapter two the wind blew and michael shivered . 
 he pulled his overcoat around his body tighter , putting his hands inside the pockets for warmth . 
 on his side , lana arranged her bonnet and her gloved hands shook visibly under the dim streetlights . 
 `` you do n't have a coat ? '' 
 `` no , it would be more difficult to hook up with someone fully clothed . '' 
 her laughter was weak . 
 `` here , take mine . 
 i insist . '' 
 michael took off his coat and wrapped it around her shoulders . 
 he looked at her tiny frame shrouded in the thickness of his jacket . 
 after a few blocks of walking , he regretted having offered because before they reached the door to what he could only guess as her apartment , his fingers were already frozen stiff as if they would fall off in case he bumped them against any hard object . 
 lana took the keys from her purse and michael watched , taking in her surroundings . 
 it was dark all around them , a few lamps made a silhouette of their figures . 
 when the main door opened , he immediately walked in after her , thankful for the warmth that he received from the still hallway . 
 `` my door 's upstairs . 
 come on , '' she said . 
 he followed her , avoiding the banana peel which was littered on the third step of the stairs . 
 it was a hazard , and he pulled at lana 's hand so that she would n't step on it . 
 `` oh , some kid may have thrown that here . '' 
 the stench of stale cigarette smoke hung in the air and he tried not to breathe in the hallway . 
 after a few seconds had gone by , they finally reached her door . 
 `` would you like anything to drink ? '' 
 `` beer if you have some ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 've never seen you before in the bar . 
 this the first time ? '' 
 michael frowned . 
 he remembered the first time he went there . 
 it was more than ten years ago , and what happened since then was the price of the wrong decision when he introduced himself to his wife . 
 ex-wife , he reminded himself . 
 `` no . 
 been there before , but it was a long time ago . '' 
 `` i see . 
 so you 've been a good boy , '' she said as she opened the bottle and closed the fridge . 
 `` here you go . '' 
 `` more than i would 've wanted . '' 
 michael 's cheeks heated and he prayed that she did n't notice . 
 he watched her as she drank from her bottle . 
 she put it down on the table , a ring of water instantly forming on the wooden coffee table . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he stopped short wondering if she deserved to hear the truth . 
 `` louisiana . '' 
 `` you do n't talk a lot , '' she said and this time , she laughed heartily . 
 michael smiled . 
 `` it 's just that -- do you really talk to -- you know ? 
 before doing it ? '' 
 his blush ran deeper this time . 
 `` you 're a prude ! 
 i ca n't believe i hooked up with a prude , '' she said . 
 `` hey -- that 's a little below the belt . '' 
 michael watched as she laughed . 
 he took a moment running his gaze inside her living room where he found a bookshelf on the far right corner . 
 some magazines were on the coffee table . 
 and there was a huge led tv several yards away from where they were sitting . 
 on both sides of the tv , there were a couple of speakers that turned out to be bose . 
 probably a gift from some rich client , he thought . 
 `` do n't be offended . 
 i like it that you do n't seem to know what you 're doing , '' she said teasing him . 
 he laughed . 
 `` oh , believe me , i do . '' 
 it was her turn to cock hers eyebrows at him . 
 `` well , you do n't act it . '' 
 michael moved closer and took the beer from her hand and put it down on the table . 
 then , he moved closer to her , excited to know how she 'd taste like against his lips . 
 when his lips caught hers , she drew in a breath and her body went limp against his , drowning him in what he felt was almost a passionate consensual activity . 
 he felt her hands around his neck , engaging him closer and he pulled back . 
 he stopped for a few moments to gaze at her eyes . 
 then , he kissed her again . 
 chapter three michael michael michael he woke up with a start upon hearing his name being called out . 
 he was in a bed , which he never remembered climbing into . 
 he was confused how he ended there , only the traces of a sweet kiss like the one shared between two people in love remained in his memory . 
 he looked under the sheets and found himself still in his underpants . 
 immediately , he stood up and dressed , then rushed outside the bedroom . 
 there was nobody inside and there were no sounds apart from the sports commentator 's voice droning from the tv set . 
 there was a football game and athletes run in the field chasing after the one holding the ball just like he 's chasing after a something he could n't define . 
 he closed his eyes and remembered lana . 
 he went to the kitchen and searched for her there but it was also empty . 
 on the table was a note and a blue rose . 
 curious , he took the note and read . 
 `` blue rose , '' it said . 
 he put the note down and decided to stay in the living room . 
 a few minutes passed and there was still no sign of lana . 
 michael walked over to the tv and took the remote . 
 he went back to the couch and started surfing , passing the time as he wondered where lana could be . 
 the phone rang sending him jerking in the couch . 
 he stood up and paused , searching for a good excuse to answer the call . 
 maybe it 's an important call lana was waiting for and he should take a message for her . 
 he was about to grab the phone from its cradle when she heard the answering machine , putting an end to his dilemma : `` this is lana . 
 i 'm sorry i 'm not home , but you know what to do . '' 
 then , there was a beep . 
 `` hi -- '' she paused , `` i 'm sorry i was n't there when you woke up . 
 but i had an errand that could n't wait and you look like an angel sleeping so i did n't bother to wake you up . 
 anyway , in case you 're still there ... '' she paused again , her voice softening as if uncertain of what to say , `` or maybe it 's too much to hope for . '' 
 michael edged closer to the machine , his hands holding the phone tightly . 
 he could n't find the courage to answer it though . 
 he stared at it , willing for lana to continue talking . 
 `` take the blue rose , it 's for you . 
 i usually give one to my clients -- something to remember me by . '' 
 then , she made a sound , a soft rumbling as if in hesitation before the line was cut . 
 michael quickly lifted the phone and answered , `` hello ? 
 lana ? 
 are you still there ? '' 
 he said . 
 frowning , he put the phone down ; the dial tone buzzed mildly in his ears . 
 his eyes fell upon the kitchen door , framing the table with the blue rose on top . 
 he went to pick it up and locked the apartment as he left . 
 * * * michael entered his apartment , put the blue rose on the bedside table , and went straight to the bathroom to take a shower . 
 when he was finished , he pulled at the towel hooked against the back of the door and dried himself . 
 rings of black hair gathered in his forehead . 
 then he sank in his bed and slept , his body still aching from hitting the gym yesterday . 
 he thanked the world for saturdays because that meant that he could have some time alone searching his thoughts and feelings . 
 or sleep as late as he wanted . 
 lately , he was confused by a lot of things . 
 and then , last night with lana . 
 that was odd . 
 her image haunted him , reminding him of her long lashes , her red lips that matched her fingernails , and the soft flare of her skin . 
 but he knew it was more than that . 
 the kiss . 
 he did n't want to feel anything about the kiss . 
 and he wanted to be detached when he slept with her , pushing at his emotions because he knew that he 'd be doing it only one time . 
 never again , he told himself . 
 and yet , he could n't get her out of his head . 
 he took a sleeping pill and after a few minutes , the sounds of his snore filled the room . 
 chapter four alison mccain watched as a woman passed by her . 
 she had not wanted to pay attention to her , but her orange hair stood out among a sea of dark heads walking along the street . 
 she did n't realize that she veered away from her usual route and ended up following the orange fur ball like a beacon . 
 prying into others ' lives was not a hobby she signed up for , but when she realized that the overcoat that the woman was wearing looked familiar , her attention was immediately caught . 
 she reasoned that a lot of people could have that same coat except that the one the woman was wearing had one of the buttons replaced with a gray one . 
 all the others were black . 
 alison still remembered staring at a similar coat when she bought one as a gift in a posh boutique in paris . 
 it was to be her wedding anniversary to her husband almost a year ago . 
 her heart felt like it was being singed remembering his handsome face . 
 her sweet husband . 
 the woman with orange hair went inside 7-11 , bought a pack of cigarettes and then headed outside . 
 alison was getting bored following her , but she decided that for today , since she 's already done with her morning routine -- jogging out in the park to relieve stress -- she had nothing special set for the day . 
 and she would follow the woman around , at least something to occupy her time . 
 the woman took a drag of her cigarette a few times before putting it out and throwing it in the bin that she passed . 
 then , she stopped by a newspaper stand and browsed a few magazines before taking the newest edition of cosmopolitan . 
 she grabbed a copy of the morning paper too before turning to leave . 
 alison found a way to introduce herself . 
 `` maggie , '' she shouted . 
 the woman with orange hair continued walking . 
 `` maggie ! '' 
 she shouted louder this time , running after her . 
 the woman turned and looked at her , then pointed a finger at herself . 
 `` were you calling me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 alison stopped , feigning surprise . 
 `` oh , i 'm so sorry . 
 you look like someone i know . '' 
 `` with this hair , i find it extremely hard to believe i 'd look like some other person , '' she said . 
 alison blushed and smiled wanly . 
 the woman offered her hand , `` lana . '' 
 alison smiled . 
 `` i 'm alison . '' 
 lana 's eyes studied alison . 
 she took another stick , lit it and offered alison the pack . 
 `` want one ? '' 
 alison shook her head . 
 `` no , i do n't smoke . '' 
 `` this maggie i reminded you of , does she live here ? '' 
 alison thought for a moment , caught off-guard . 
 she was never good at lying . 
 `` no . 
 an old friend , '' she said hoping that she had put an end to that discussion . 
 the woman regarded her , cigarette softly pressed between her lips . 
 one of her eyebrows shot up , `` i do n't really go out with women . '' 
 alison coughed and laughed at the same time . 
 `` oh no . 
 no , no . 
 i do n't know what came to me ... '' she laughed , relieved . 
 `` would you like to have breakfast ? 
 i have n't had any , '' she asked , smiling for the first time . 
 `` i know a good place . 
 let 's go , '' said alison , not believing her luck . 
 maybe she 'd get a chance to ask about her overcoat . 
 from the looks of how the coat fit her , it definitely belonged to someone else and she could n't wait to find out who owned it . 
 * * * when they entered the diner , the scent of french fries filled the air . 
 the temperature was also properly heated so she took off her coat and as alison expected , lana took off her coat too and settled it on the seat beside her . 
 the waitress came and brought them their orders . 
 alison stared enviously at lana 's three layered blueberry pancake with bacons on the side . 
 she wondered why she only ordered omelette . 
 `` i 'm so sorry about earlier . '' 
 `` oh , that 's ok , '' lana answered . 
 `` you can call me maggie if you want ; at least i got company for breakfast . '' 
 alison smiled , grateful for lana 's kindly attitude . 
 `` where do you live ? '' 
 `` just a few blocks from here . 
 what about you ? '' 
 she put two sugar cubes on her coffee and stirred it . 
 `` i need to take the subway , '' she said . 
 there was silence after that . 
 alison felt awkward having followed lana and when she grasped for topics to discuss , she got the sinking feeling in her stomach , asking herself why she ever tailed this woman around . 
 and now , they were just watching each other , politely making small talk . 
 through the diner 's glass windows , several joggers passed . 
 a family holding each other 's hands also stopped by in front of the door but at the last minute , the woman who looked to be the mother shook her head and pulled at her husband , walking away . 
 the three kids they were herding fell beside them as they walked . 
 `` i have a confession , '' alison said , surprising even herself . 
 lana 's eyebrows rose , two perfect arches pinned in her forehead . 
 `` i followed you around , '' she said . 
 she felt her cheeks flush . 
 `` do n't be upset , oh please -- do n't get the wrong idea . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 lana 's voice was soft . 
 alison was thankful when she did n't catch any edge on her tone . 
 at least the person she 's talking to was open-minded . 
 it would make for an easy conversation . 
 `` it 's ridiculous . 
 the black overcoat that you were wearing earlier -- '' lana 's eyes fell upon the coat laid out carefully beside her . 
 `` oh this ? '' 
 `` my husband had a coat like that -- '' she paused . 
 `` it was a gift i gave him during our anniversary . 
 and it got lost somehow . 
 not really lost -- i donated it . '' 
 lana studied her . 
 `` oh -- '' alison blushed further . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 it 's just that it felt surreal . 
 i 've been trying to forget him and move on and here you go traipsing in front of me wearing the overcoat i gave him as a gift . '' 
 it was lana 's turn to blush . 
 `` oh no . 
 please . 
 do n't get the wrong idea . 
 it 's my friend 's . '' 
 alison gazed at lana , juggling her memory for anything she said that could make the other woman self-conscious and uneasy . 
 then , it hit her . 
 `` oh , '' alison said , reaching over to touch the woman 's hand . 
 `` it 's ok . 
 bob passed away almost a year ago . 
 and i do n't mean to make you feel -- '' she stopped talking , carefully searching for the right words to say . 
 lana breathed out in relief . 
 `` oh , '' she said and then she laughed . 
 to alison 's ears , her laughter chimed like crystal , soft and beautiful and almost ethereal . 
 `` take it , why do n't you ? '' 
 lana offered . 
 alison 's eyes widened . 
 `` no -- '' `` come on , i insist . '' 
 alison had second thoughts before she reached over , meeting lana 's offer of the coat . 
 when she felt the fabric , the warmth of the black cloth , a sense of epiphany came over her in a rush , and her eyes became wet with tears . 
 she stared at it for a long time before she pulled it close and held it against her bosom . 
 she dried her tears and met lana 's gaze . 
 `` thank you , '' she said softly . 
 lana 's eyes moistened and she opened her mouth as if to say something . 
 but she closed it again before any word could come out . 
 * * * an hour had passed already when alison stood up from the seat she took in the diner . 
 she unfolded the overcoat carefully and examined it . 
 it looked the same except for the size . 
 she noted that it was large as opposed to her husband 's extra size . 
 now that she had the chance to fully take in the coat 's condition , she realized that the button that was replaced in this one was the third from the bottom . 
 her husband 's was the second from the bottom . 
 smiling , she put it on , relishing in the warmth that still came with it even after hours of being unused . 
 she walked out of the diner , her thoughts flying wildly . 
 she missed bob . 
 when he was still alive , he would wear this coat almost every day and he was pissed off when he realized that a button had fallen off from the coat . 
 to pacify his distress , she looked for a button which was exactly the same as the one on the coat . 
 to her dismay , she never found one exactly like it . 
 when she asked the saleslady about the button , they told her that maybe , its design was specifically procured by the company that manufactured the coats . 
 then , the saleslady was kind enough to offer her one that was similar , in a gray hue . 
 she took it and sewed it on the coat . 
 bob had laughed at her gesture but thanked her just the same . 
 and now , she was walking the streets wearing her gift to her husband , or a replica of it . 
 she looked at the sky and noted that the storm clouds are starting to gather and she should go home soon . 
 wind blew cutting through her clothes and her nose became cold . 
 she touched a gloved hand to her cheek to warm it . 
 several dog owners were walking outside and alison shook her head , controlling herself from making a rude comment to the dog owners that their pets were probably suffering from the cold weather . 
 a vendor stood by the glass door of his shop , turning the sign hung from `` closed '' to `` open . '' 
 couples walking hand in hand caught her eye , and she sighed . 
 she missed bob , but maybe it 's time to move on . 
 she still remembered him right before he left her . 
 he was in their bed , wrapped in blankets , complaining about the foul weather . 
 but in his final hours , he paid no mind to the blankets anymore , or to the weather , or to anything else . 
 the last thing that he did was talk to her , his eyes averting hers many times before she finally coerced him into looking her in the eye . 
 he said he did n't want to because it was too painful for him . 
 and , she remembered , when he said that , she cried . 
 `` my grandmother told me once that love springs when you least expect to find it , '' he had said . 
 alison nodded , `` yes . 
 i was n't looking for you , but then you came along , complaining about the laptop you purchased . 
 you were such a sour man . '' 
 she remembered that she had laughed then albeit weakly . 
 bob had touched her hand and she stopped talking . 
 she met his eyes and wondered then if that was the last time she 'd ever be able to see and talk to him again . 
 `` i was n't talking about myself , '' he said . 
 alison shook her head , `` no , no , it 's not going to happen . '' 
 bob smiled at her . 
 `` sweetie , i want you to be happy after i 'm gone . 
 love will find you again . 
 in the strangest of places . 
 signs will be around to guide you , and you should n't ignore them . '' 
 she laughed , feeling like she had gone mad because as she did , tears continued streaking down her cheeks . 
 `` i do n't need a sign . 
 i need you . '' 
 bob closed his eyes and swallowed . 
 `` i love you , alison . '' 
 `` i love you , babe , '' she said and then held him close . 
 on the day of his funeral , the skies cried with her enveloping her in the soggy coldness of her clothes notwithstanding the concerned stares of her family . 
 when her mother moved toward her to take her hand , alison said , `` bob will be wet , it 's raining . '' 
 her mother put an arm around her waist , they shoulders hunched together , and cried in synonymous cacophony . 
 when she still would n't go , alison 's brother came and brought an umbrella . 
 the three of them stood in the rain , waiting for the downpour to stop . 
 her father was in the car , staring concernedly at them , his hands tightly gripping the steering wheel . 
 the next time she went back to visit bob , she entered a flower shop first , thinking of getting him a good bouquet . 
 he had always been a little eccentric . 
 so she ignored the red roses , the dahlias , the tulips and the sunflowers . 
 she stared at the numerous flower arrangements but could n't pick one . 
 the vendor asked her if there 's anything in particular she wanted . 
 she shook her head and just said that something out of the ordinary would do . 
 he had grinned at her and from behind the counter ; he lifted a bucket containing blue roses . 
 she took one look at them and smiled . 
 when she left the shop , she was clutching the bouquet of blue roses , which she laid down in the still damp resting place of her husband . 
 bidding him farewell . 
 wishing that she would not be so very lonely in the days to come . 
 she bought a train ticket and put it inside the coat 's pocket . 
 her hand grazed on a leather object inside the coat . 
 she fished it out and found herself staring at a wallet . 
 with heart thudding , she opened it . 
 chapter five michael was woken up by the rumbling of his stomach complaining of the long hours that he had not taken any food . 
 lazily , he got up from bed and put on a shirt and jacket . 
 his eyes fell on the blue rose on top of his bedside table . 
 he picked it up and went down with it , remembering lana and the soft brush of her lips -- like the kiss of an angel . 
 he went to the kitchen and opened the refrigerator , looking for something that he could reheat and immediately eat . 
 there were stacks of frozen pizza and he took a small box , put it inside the microwave and watched as the round glass rotated against the flash of a yellow light . 
 when he heard the timer go off , he took the pizza , grabbed a beer and ate . 
 it felt like only yesterday when he caught his wife in an affair with his best friend . 
 he thought that he was ok , that he could forgive her , and that they could start over . 
 but the years that passed since that sordid event took place did not diminish the pain in any way . 
 if at all , he was reminded of the horrible act of betrayal . 
 when he was certain that they could no longer work on their marriage , he talked to his wife and asked to be divorced . 
 she had cried , he remembered . 
 but the tears did n't matter anymore . 
 they were like icicles , each one that she shed , pinning his heart into a smashing mess of pain , and then as the icicles settled in , their coldness seeped in his heart , and his heart remained frozen -- untouchable by any pain . 
 last night was the one and only time that he 'd gone to a bar to have a one-night stand , he promised himself . 
 and lana -- he would forget her . 
 her kiss was like the rising sun , sending warmth across his emotionless heart , starting only enough fire to remind him that the divorce was n't the end of his life . 
 he shook his head , drowning in beer . 
 when he finished eating , he looked outside and saw the storm clouds that had gathered . 
 better to order food for later than be caught in the pouring rain . 
 the thought of reheating leftovers was no longer appealing . 
 he liked watching dvds while eating , a habit that he 'd developed ever since he moved out of the house he shared with his wife . 
 after selecting two horror and suspense movies , he went back to his room to get his wallet . 
 he had turned his entire bedroom upside down when he realized that the wallet is n't in his house . 
 and the last time he remembered taking it out of his pocket was when he paid for drinks in the bar . 
 after settling the bill , he put it back in one of the pockets -- of his coat . 
 he collapsed in his bed , shocked . 
 should he go back to lana 's place to retrieve the coat and his wallet ? 
 but he has his driver 's license there , a few calling cards . 
 if she 's decent the way she 'd led him to believe , he 'd call her and return his things . 
 he looked at his watch and saw that it was already past noon . 
 more than five hours had passed since he left her place and still , no phone calls . 
 he rushed back to his bedroom and changed clothes . 
 he would get his wallet from her . 
 the money 's ok , it was n't important , but the cards inside , his identification cards , he 'd need them . 
 after staring himself in the mirror , he went back down to the living room . 
 before heading out , he saw the blue rose . 
 after a few seconds of indecision , he picked it up and headed for the door . 
 * * * alison slammed the door of the cab she rode and found herself walking the pathway to a two-storey house . 
 she was still having second thoughts if she should ring the owner of the wallet instead of personally handing it to him . 
 her feet moved on their own volition though , and her hand had flagged a cab even before she convinced her head that it was the right thing to do . 
 she waited outside , hoping that he 'd come out so she could just hand him his wallet . 
 to her surprise , he saw a tall man come out . 
 he was walking toward her , his strides long . 
 he slowed down when he saw her . 
 he met her gaze and held it . 
 she gave him a brief smile , which he returned , confusion touching his eyes . 
 then , she saw what he was holding in his hands . 
 a blue rose . 
 her eyes moistened when she saw it . 
 `` hi , '' she said when she reached him . 
 `` um , are you looking for anyone ? '' 
 `` i 'm looking for michael , '' she said , her voice soft and kindly . 
 `` i 'm michael , '' he said . 
 then smiling , he extended his hand with the blue rose . 
 they both laughed at the awkward way that it appeared . 
 like he was giving her the blue rose . 
 his left hand took the rose before he offered his hand again to alison . 
 `` i 'm alison , '' she said before taking his hand . 
 `` i have your wallet . '' 
 michael was astonished . 
 `` wow . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i was just on my way to get it from a friend . '' 
 `` talk about good luck then , '' alison said . 
 michael shook his head . 
 `` yes . 
 as though it 's a sign . '' 
 alison smiled as she shook his hand . 
 his hand was warm amidst the cold weather . 
 she gazed into his eyes , considering . 
 michael turned toward the house and alison followed . 
 they ran all the way back as snow started to fall softly against the cobbled stones of the path leading to his house . 
 the end thank you for reading the book . 
 i hope you enjoyed it . 
 kindly show your appreciation by rating the story at smashwords . 
 www.wordpursuit.blogspot.com follow me on twitter @jeinsedai and / or @jingaver other books by the author : breaking the scroll a young boy finds himself in a world where everybody has power . 
 he soon discovers that sometimes , friendship spawns power more than any other the gods may have gifted . 
 the gap between forever a woman discovers she has cancer and she keeps it to herself . 
 now that she 's certain that she may have little time on earth , she wonders how she will tell her husband : a. simply say , `` baby , i have cancer . '' 
 b. say , `` everybody gets cancer at some point . 
 it 's not unheard of anymore . '' 
 then shout angrily for drama and continue , `` for all i know , you have it , too ! '' 
 then storm out of the room and leave husband all baffled . 
 c. start by sobbing loudly and when he asks what 's wrong , pout and say , `` baby , i am dyinggg ! '' 
 -lrb- yes , put stress on dyinggg so he wo n't have the heart to be mad anymore . -rrb- 
 d. keep my secret to myself . 
 and then just wonder what will happen next . 
 excerpt from breaking the scroll chapter 1 -- lamare amark `` the world is ruled by mcwindstorm arren , the emperor , who once was my lover . 
 his power cuts across the entire dominion and the people , the citizens , all bow to honor him . 
 and my son , kino , is as he always is , never a citizen of akea , land of extraordinary powers . '' 
 i wrote the last paragraph in my scroll , listening to the feather pen brushing against the brown , brittle paper , and i felt a growing uneasiness in the pit of my stomach . 
 i dipped the feather pen in black ink once more and signed my name at the bottom . 
 the door to the small bedroom i occupy opened and kino 's face peered through the gap . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 he said . 
 i smiled and was pulled out of my reverie . 
 `` yes , my little man ? '' 
 `` is it a good time ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my smile grew wider . 
 `` always a good time for you . '' 
 kino entered the room and pulled another wooden chair close to where i was sitting . 
 he collapsed on it as though he had something huge to tell me . 
 but he just sat there and peered at my scroll . 
 `` this is n't for your eyes , kino , '' i said . 
 he smiled mischievously and the wide gap between his upper front teeth showed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mom . 
 i just want to know what it is you 're always writing about . '' 
 `` not this one . 
 this is only for the emperor to see . '' 
 and it was true . 
 the scroll in front of me closed another series of events in the coming fortnight for akea where i , the royal scribe , with the ability to weave the future of the dominion , an ever faithful servant of emperor mcwindstorm arren , prepare to submit my latest manuscript . 
 `` why do you always write for him ? '' 
 `` because it 's my job . 
 otherwise , we wo n't have anything to eat . '' 
 kino frowned . 
 `` but i want you to write other stories . 
 the ones about invisible people that you told me about . '' 
 `` maybe some other time -- '' `` but you promised , '' he insisted . 
 i pulled my son closer toward me and hugged him . 
 my chin rested on the top of his head . 
 kino grew taller over the past moon-turn . 
 he 's now twelve . 
 being a short woman , i only have a few inches on him now , but another moon-turn or two will make him taller than i am . 
 `` come , let 's go outside , '' i said and held his hand . 
 `` i 'll tell you another story instead . '' 
 kino grinned and he walked beside me . 
 outside , the two moons luna and risa greeted us . 
 akeans believed that the moons bring balance to the land and harness our powers . 
 sisis , the sun , was beginning to show itself behind a thick cottony lump of clouds . 
 i sat on a patch of green grass in the front yard and kino settled beside me . 
 as a habit , i let him lay his head on my lap . 
 `` once upon a time , there was a place in akea called nivaton . 
 the people in the land all had the power of invisibility and they roam the forests without being seen , '' i started . 
 nivaton is a real place in akea , but the stories i tell my son about the people were all make-believe . 
 i stopped because kino was grinning at me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you always start your stories with once upon a time , '' he said . 
 `` because that 's how far ago the stories were , '' i argued . 
 `` but it gets old , mom , '' he said . 
 i played with his brown hair , crumpling ringlets of them in the palm of my hands . 
 `` you 're a bloody ass . 
 do you know that ? '' 
 kino 's eyes widened . 
 `` your words ! 
 they 're not decent -- '' it was my turn to laugh . 
 i had to bite my lip to stop myself from laughing longer . 
 shaking my head , i continued with my story . 
 with nivaton , its people , and the adventures that they had . 
 little does my son know that the adventures he believed were too far from reality were actually a little less strange than what i had experienced in my more than three decades of living in akea . 
 my mouth opened mechanically and tales of nivans came out . 
 but inside my head , i was remembering my own story . 
 the story that ended with binding kino 's power . 
 i paused and tried to blink back the tears that were foreboding . 
 it happens every time i remember that i was the cause of my son 's unhappiness . 
 *** the akea that we know now was once a peaceful land . 
 but things changed and the land 's history took a turn . 
 it started with a grape-picker 's son and his name was mcwindstorm arren . 
 a man and a dreamer . 
 northsam mendel amark , my father , used to be the emperor . 
 his power was charisma and because of this , he won the hearts of the people . 
 according to my father 's loyal supporters , the empire flourished when he was still the ruler . 
 it led him to believe that he had everything in control . 
 but my father was not without his faults . 
 `` bring him in , '' northsam said . 
 the man who was standing beside him nodded slightly and in a booming voice announced , `` the emperor wishes to speak to mcwindstorm arren , a grape-picker 's son and a storm-crafter . '' 
 about a dozen soldiers moved forward and when they were about three yards away from northsam , they parted in the middle , leaving a tall man standing before the emperor . 
 i was sitting beside my father as my gaze fell upon a man whose hair was the color of the storm clouds . 
 his eyes were slanted , frightening me , but nonetheless , he 's good-looking in a rugged kind of way . 
 i could tell that some moon-turns separated us by looking at the hardness that was sculpted in his face . 
 as though he had seen battles and worn them out . 
 the man prostrated in front of us . 
 `` highest , i am humbled to be afforded this audience , '' he said in a cold voice . 
 northsam moved forward in his seat . 
 `` rise , child , '' he said . 
 wind rose , but his head remained bowed and he did not raise his eyes toward us . 
 northsam was pleased because wind knew the protocol . 
 it used to be that no one who was not invited to meet an emperor 's eyes expressly could do so . 
 times had changed , but wind waited for the permission and for that northsam was delighted . 
 `` open your mouth only when you know the traditions , '' northsam 's advisor said . 
 wind still had his head bowed . 
 he put his hands on his chest , right hand over the left and began to speak . 
 `` highest , i am here to submit myself to your eternal rule . 
 to serve the land . 
 to use my power only for akea 's greatness . 
 and in this premise , to nominate myself as a worthy candidate to the princess 's hand in marriage . '' 
 my heart thumped inside my chest . 
 i knew that this was the reason he had come to the palace . 
 at sixteen moon-turns , i was already of marrying age . 
 and my father had made an announcement all over the land that he was seeking a son-consort . 
 over the past months , men came and presented themselves to my father and me . 
 `` what makes mcwindstorm arren believe himself worthy ? '' 
 `` a man is not fully a man without being of service to a woman . 
 my heart , although still innocent from the love of a woman , offers itself to the princess . '' 
 `` and what of your power ? '' 
 northsam asked . 
 `` with deep regret , my power shall be offered only to the emperor and to the land . 
 my power is not mine and it will not be surrendered even to a princess most worthy . '' 
 northsam 's eyes lit up . 
 wind knew his words , and by far , he seemed to know how to win my father 's approving nod . 
 northsam stood up and held out his hand to me . 
 i was confused but i did as i was instructed to do . 
 `` come , my child , '' he told me . 
 i stood up and walked beside my father . 
 `` mcwindstorm arren , raise your eyes and meet mine . 
 for now , i shall present you to my daughter . '' 
 the palace 's receiving area went still and nobody dared to react . 
 everybody was watching curiously . 
 this was the only time that an heir to the throne was a woman and because of that , the ceremony was new to them . 
 always , for hundreds of moon-turns , the heir was a man and he 'd always claimed a lady in marriage . 
 but this time around , a man was sought for me . 
 wind slowly raised his eyes . 
 they were solemn and gray . 
 when his eyes met my father 's , there was a trace of deference . 
 but when he looked my way , there was a slight change in his eyes that even when i was still young and knew nothing about empires and rulers , and how to rule a land , i believed i saw in wind 's a claiming over me . 
 a vow that he would make me his . 
 a chill ran down my spine and i clutched my father 's hand tighter . 
 `` father , '' i gasped . 
 northsam looked at me and smiled . 
 he touched my face , `` fear not , my joy . 
 he is only a man . '' 
 my lips were still trembling when i looked back at wind . 
 this time , he had his eyes back to the floor , waiting for the next part of the ceremony that would make him my betrothed . 
 when the ceremony was over , i tailed after my father to his room . 
 i caught him as he was drinking wine . 
 `` ah , my dear princess wants a word with me , '' he chuckled . 
 i could sense that he was beaming . 
 `` father , why did you immediately give him your blessing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 northsam sat on his chair that was gilded with diamonds and rubies . 
 `` he is a good man . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` but you do n't even know him ! '' 
 i protested . 
 he laughed . 
 `` what makes you think that i , the emperor , do n't know him ? '' 
 he sipped on his goblet . 
 his eyes were peering curiously at me over the rim . 
 `` he only came to you now -- '' he nodded . 
 `` i see . 
 there are things that maybe , you should know by now , '' he paused , considering . 
 `` you are of age . 
 one day , you 'll be sitting in this place that i occupy . 
 it 's time i tell you about the world . '' 
 i listened , confused with my father 's words . 
 `` an emperor does n't make a decision on impulse . 
 except maybe in war . 
 but all else , everything , is thought of . 
 even before i make the announcement over the land , i had all the profiles of citizens checked out . 
 wind was a good contender although i did n't know he would actually want to claim a place in the palace . 
 i have seen him rise . 
 he has worked in service to the land for a long time , and his power -- ah ! 
 it will bring akea to even greater heights . '' 
 i watched my father silently . 
 `` will you pour me wine , child ? '' 
 i stood up and took the cask of wine . 
 then i carefully refilled his goblet . 
 `` my power is passive . 
 charm . 
 who would ever think that it 's good enough for an emperor ? 
 perhaps it would be better on a war general to rouse the soldiers to fight . 
 but to rule an empire ? 
 it is lacking . 
 sometimes , i feel that my power falls short . 
 you wo n't understand it because your power is so -- magnificent . 
 `` wind 's was like your great grandfather 's . 
 and if the history tells us the truth , when my time passes and rule transfers to you and your betrothed , akea will attain its zenith once more . '' 
 `` i do n't understand -- '' northsam shook his head . 
 `` i know what 's best for you , my princess . '' 
 he looked at me with kindly eyes and i knew he would n't tell me anything more . 
 after a while he said , `` if you were the dutiful princess i believed you to be , what would you do if your emperor asks of you something ? '' 
 i choked . 
 because not answering the question in the way proprieties dictated would render me rude . 
 even the princess was not excused from showing meekness in front of the emperor regardless if he was her father . 
 `` heed , father , '' i whispered . 
 northsam nodded , satisfied with my answer . 
 he did n't say a word anymore . 
 i kissed him on his hand and left . 
 *** `` mom ? '' 
 kino asked . 
 i realized that he was already sitting beside me and was looking at me concernedly . 
 `` what are you thinking about ? 
 you did n't even finish the story , '' he complained . 
 i smiled at him to make him think that i was okay . 
 `` i have a lot of things inside my head , '' i said . 
 `` i know that . '' 
 a carriage pulled in front of our cabin . 
 two horses were drawing it . 
 `` i should be leaving now , '' i said . 
 `` the emperor is waiting for me . '' 
 `` can i come ? '' 
 kino asked . 
 `` not today , '' i said . 
 i do n't want my son to set foot in the palace . 
 it would be too painful for me to see him treated by the soldiers and servants in the palace as though he was nobody important . 
 he should have been the heir to the empire ; and it twists my heart to know that he will not be able to lay claim over the land . 
 `` but maybe someday ? '' 
 he pushed . 
 i smiled weakly . 
 `` of course . 
 someday 's a good day . '' 
 i kissed him on the top of his head before i stood up . 
 it took me only a few minutes to grab the scroll and freshen up before riding the carriage . 
 once more , i would meet with my former husband and i found no excitement in that . 
 chapter 2 -- lamare amark while the carriage slowly took off , i watched through its window my son 's figure that became smaller as the carriage 's wheels turned . 
 each creak of the wheel was like the thud in my chest that made me queasy . 
 i do n't want to meet with wind . 
 not ever again . 
 but it was something i have to endure for as long as i live . 
 i yawned because i slept only a few hours as i had to get up early to finish the scrolls . 
 i tried to control myself from falling asleep because lately , nightmares come to me . 
 i tried to shun the memories , but they always came . 
 and when they do , i crumble even though i had been trained to become a strong ruler . 
 my vision fogged as i remembered baring my power to wind . 
 if i could only turn back time i would have been more careful about revealing it . 
 *** the betrothal was announced over the land and for several months , orange and blue ribbons were tied to trees that lined the palace 's sidewalks . 
 each day , a ribbon would be removed from a tree . 
 it was a sign that the day of the wedding was getting closer and closer . 
 when the last of the ribbons was removed , i wore my best dress and rode a high chair carried by a dozen naked men . 
 curtains were draped all over the sedan chair 's posts to cover me , and once i was in front of wind , he stood up , knelt in front of me and kissed my hands . 
 `` i pledge myself to the most high princess of akea , to be her loving consort . 
 that i would protect thee . 
 that her life would come before mine . '' 
 trumpets blared and we were wed as simply as that . 
 for wind though , it did n't stop there . 
 he had to prove himself worthier than ever . 
 wind , as the future empress 's consort , was expected to travel all over akea ; and he had to do it in a fortnight . 
 if he could return in this short time , not even the emperor himself could question his place as my consort . 
 once he returned from his conquest , he would show the proof by revealing in his body the tattoos that were marked by the lords of each land , each one a graphic symbol of the province 's emblem . 
 the citizens gathered in the royal hall and awaited his return after fourteen days . 
 as the golden bell beside our land 's flag tolled , we saw wind riding a sea of clouds , like a god with his ashen hair , and his lean , bronze body naked and covered only with dark tattoos of the fourteen provinces ' emblems that made up akea . 
 on his right shoulder were the rising stars of lacay islands and opposite were the horsemen in flight of ameres . 
 trailing down his right arm was the double-edged sword of bulacnin . 
 his body was a map of all the insignias in our land ; the tattoos were the seals that bound the provinces to the empress 's consort . 
 wind stepped down from the clouds and the citizens who witnessed the event pulled their shawls tighter because it had gotten unmistakably misty and cold . 
 the court servant approached him , bowed down before him , and dressed him in red robes . 
 my father stood proudly , his face beaming . 
 i could tell what he was thinking -- that wind would make the people bow to him , and there would be assurance that the amark bloodline would never perish . 
 wind never even looked at me . 
 he went straight to my father , knelt in front of him , and kissed his hands . 
 in return , my father took the jar of grape seed oil beside him and poured some over wind 's head . 
 `` by this you are family , you are who you will become , you are akea , '' he had said , anointing him . 
 wind stood and northsam embraced him . 
 even with the welcoming gesture , wind 's arms remained hanging limply to his sides , not returning the embrace . 
 my gut tightened , the old fear strengthened , and i almost summoned the gods to make me disappear . 
 at that moment of confusion and fear , wind looked at me and smiled . 
 and just like that , my worries vanished . 
 i was completely taken by him . 
 until then , i had forgotten that taking in the family a consort would render him a gift from the emperor . 
 that the emperor would pass on part of his power to him , to assure the people that his blessing was unconditional . 
 and wind 's smile that instantly drew me to him proved that he had gained part of northsam 's power . 
 i was charmed . 
 wind fixed his gaze on me as he moved to where i was standing . 
 right in front of me , i looked up at the man i would only call my husband starting that day . 
 my lips parted as i waited for him to claim me . 
 he kissed me and the crowd erupted in cheers . 
 akea celebrated for a month , a period which everybody knew would be dedicated to conceiving . 
 an heir was expected . 
 wind and i spent our first days travelling across the land . 
 instead of staying in one of the empire 's estates , we settled in common rooms because wind wanted me to experience the life that he lived before we came to be . 
 he took me riding clouds and showed me how to make water out of them . 
 of course , i could only try because my power was not like his . 
 with each new trick that he showed me , i giggled like a schoolgirl , amused by the man who would soon hold akea in his hands with me . 
 i knew that i was envied by all the women in our land and sometimes , when women approached him and knelt before him , or called him `` my lord , '' a burning sensation would start inside my heart . 
 i would lock myself inside a room and cry , jealous of the attention the women were giving him . 
 he 's mine and no other 's ; my initial thoughts about him being evil was entirely wiped out of my head . 
 he knew the world from beyond the outskirts of the palace , and he made me appreciate the beauty of living even more . 
 our month together was about to end . 
 the empire expected us to be back in the palace in a few days , but i was n't sure if he had made me pregnant and if an heir would soon be presented all over the land . 
 i had not been nauseated nor did i have mood swings , which i heard were common with pregnant women . 
 i was nervous , but he told me that there was no reason to feel that way because i was still young and had all the time in the world to bear an heir . 
 it was the day before we headed back to the palace in kanela , akea 's capital . 
 we were out in the middle of a brook , hidden by mountains . 
 we had been kissing when suddenly , he broke it . 
 he looked at me intently and asked , `` what 's your power ? '' 
 `` it 's something strange . 
 i do n't really like to talk about it , '' i said . 
 my father forbade me not to share my power with anyone because it was -- different -- in a good and scary way because if i would will it , i could make akea mine . 
 not that i had to ; as the princess , i was second to the throne . 
 `` i 'm sure i wo n't find it appalling . '' 
 his lips curved in a smile . 
 i should have sensed that him being charming was his way to draw the secret out of me . 
 everyone in akea has powers , but before anyone can fully harness his or her gift , a presentation to the emperor had to be made , acceptance by the emperor consummated , and listing of the name made in the akean books . 
 these acts were the very essence of gaining citizenship in the land . 
 otherwise , an akean would just be an unborn , a lost one , or a free farer as some rebels liked to brand themselves . 
 for royalty like me , the declaration and presentation of power need not be done . 
 being royalty meant service to the people and in exchange for this lifetime commitment , the non-declaration of one 's power was among our privileges . 
 regardless , it was still a choice if we 'd like to share what our power was with anyone . 
 i shook my head , smiling . 
 i was giddy over my husband 's charms and yet unsure if i could trust him with my power . 
 `` it would n't interest you , dear husband . '' 
 `` try me . '' 
 his silvery eyes were piercing and eager . 
 i did n't know how i could resist him . 
 when i still did n't answer , he turned his back to me and walked away , the water rippled as he glided . 
 i was an idiot to act out on impulse . 
 i could n't have my husband leaving me like that . 
 i would do anything to keep him beside me because he had taken me captive with his strength , power , and beautiful face . 
 `` writing , '' i shouted . 
 he stopped and looked at me . 
 `` whatever i write could happen should i so desire it , '' i said . 
 his eyebrows shot up . 
 he did n't believe me . 
 i thrust a finger up in the air and wrote `` come back to me . '' 
 as i did , the words glowed like wildfires against the air . 
 for a few seconds , they remained in air , then the words faded , leaving wisps of smoke as they vanished . 
 even i get amazed at how spectacular my power was when in display . 
 i could write on anything -- paper , rock , metal . 
 even on water . 
 i did n't have to look his way to know he was walking slowly toward me because the soft ripples of the water told me that he had . 
 when he was right in front of me , he touched my chin , and i looked up at his face . 
 he had a smile on but it did n't quite reach his eyes . 
 he kissed me as though it was to seal his success in drawing from me a secret , but my body did n't respond to his touch in the way a wife 's would to her husband . 
 i shivered and i was scared , but i hid my emotions from him . 
 my last thought on that day was that my father had been right . 
 that was almost fourteen turnings of the moons ago , but i still look back to that time and consider myself accountable for what happened to akea . 
 guilt is all that 's enveloping me now . 
 my life as a royal scribe is remarkably different from my life as a princess a long time ago . 
 the carriage will take me to the palace , which used to be my home , but now , it felt like a forsaken dungeon -- one so vast that it holds my boy , kino , the rest of akeans , and i under the rule of an evil emperor . 
 with my father gone , i have no ally to bring akea back to its former glory -- back to what it meant long ago to all of us akeans -- freedom . 
 i looked down and found the scroll lying on my lap . 
 i held it tightly because it was the only ticket to life that kino and i have . 
 chapter 3 -- kino amark i walked all the way to the akean trading market carrying with me a basket full of wild berries . 
 instead of running swiftly like the other boys in akea do , i 'm left with walking or sometimes running a few hundred yards before exhaustion bogs me down . 
 the feeling that i do n't belong shouts at me . 
 unlike everybody else in akea , i have no power . 
 this makes me the subject of my classmates ' taunts -- unborn -- the tag stings ! 
 when i was younger , i did n't care because my mother , lamare , would spend her entire day with me while she wrote on scrolls that she brought to the palace for the emperor . 
 every time she finished , she would teach me how to read and write , and take me to the fields where she would tell amusing stories about invisible people . 
 she would also teach me how to climb trees . 
 on other occasions , we would spend the entire afternoon swimming in brooks . 
 but that time has long passed . 
 i 'm now envious of the other boys my age that would not have any difficulty carrying a basket full of their farms ' produce to wherever they want . 
 when a cloud of dust would suddenly appear by my side because a boy younger than i was running past , my heart would twist leaving a gash of hurt that not even my mother 's warm embrace could cure . 
 my mother told me that my ability would manifest when i get older , but it was n't true . 
 kids younger than i am have displayed powers all around me . 
 at twelve moon-turns , i should have been blessed already with a power . 
 we even have a class in school to prepare us for presentation to the palace . 
 it sucks because i ca n't relate to the professor 's lecture . 
 my classmates , on the other hand , hang onto the professor 's every word . 
 they were wrapped in excitement over the turning of the moons because the event would culminate in the declaration of their citizenship . 
 the right to be called an akean . 
 i decided that i would n't go to the palace again to join the akean wine festival , the celebration of the full turning of the moons , the same event where citizens gather in kanelan palace for a week-long merriment . 
 the highlight will be the presentation of the children 's powers to the emperor so that they can be ordained citizens of akea . 
 randall , my classmate can read a book with its cover closed . 
 it 's like his eyes can drill through the pages of the book . 
 nicola , my neighbor , can plant a seed , tend it , and make a shoot sprout in seconds . 
 dorothy can find water during drought . 
 but me , nothing . 
 without any power , it looks as if the only time i 'll ever set foot in the palace again will be to deliver crops to the kitchens . 
 it is n't easy , especially since my mother told me that i 'm northsam 's , the former emperor 's , grandson . 
 i did n't believe her . 
 if i were who she told me i was , then why were n't we living in the palace like royalty were supposed to ? 
 and why did n't any other citizen regard us as such ? 
 my mother tried too hard to make me feel better to the point that she had to lie . 
 but i listened to her stories because they took me to a different place in akea . 
 one where my mother and i lived a whole lot better than how we actually fare ; and sometimes when you 've got nothing of much value , dreams were all that 's left . 
 i counted the wild berries in my basket before i handed them to a dark-skinned man , who looked old enough to be my grandfather . 
 beads of sweat covered his forehead . 
 the old man put twenty-five coins on my palm . 
 `` here you go , boy , '' he said . 
 i looked at the coins , surprised but grateful . 
 they were enough to buy us bread for two days . 
 `` thanks , '' i said . 
 i walked away before one of my classmates spots me lingering in the market . 
 i did n't like it that they show off what they can do to me just because they can -- it makes the tag unborn stick -- like a fruit fly dancing around a rotten berry . 
 to make matters worse , lamare has no power to blow wind to punch the bullies chasing me , or to make the ground rumble underneath them , or to make her words loud enough so that she could shout at all of them . 
 i walked faster , hiding behind the large boxes of garments and crates of fruits and vegetables in the market . 
 it 's only a few more yards before i 'm out of the market and back in the entry point of the forest to go home . 
 finally , i located the two gigantic trees which were about two hundred meters high with leaves that never fall off even during fall . 
 they mark the entry to the forest that led to wawang , my village . 
 since these trees were so huge , not even a dozen grown men holding each other 's hands could fully wrap their arms around these trees , and because they were easy to spot , they served as the villagers ' landmark to the trading market . 
 i ran toward them , avoiding the paved roads , so that my shoes would n't make much noise . 
 i breathed in relief as soon as i found myself standing underneath the shade . 
 `` there he is , '' someone shouted behind me . 
 `` i told you today 's his market day , or else they 'll starve , '' another one said . 
 those voices belonged to conrad eros and lima gotti , the ones who have been bullying me since forever . 
 i ran even though the effort was futile . 
 in a few seconds , they would be able to catch up on me . 
 i was straining my ears , listening to their footsteps , but surprisingly my lone strides were all i heard . 
 suddenly , the land trembled and erupted exactly where i was about to step and i fell . 
 my face hit the ground first . 
 that was new . 
 i did n't know one of them could do that . 
 i stood up with bent knees and feet spread several paces apart , ready to fight conrad and lima . 
 there was something wet in the corner of my mouth and i tasted blood . 
 dust covered the front of my shirt and the coins were scattered all around me . 
 conrad and lima were beside me in a few seconds . 
 `` that 's nice , lima , '' conrad said . 
 `` i told you i 'd show you something new , '' lima said and grinned wickedly . 
 i was waiting for the punch to hit my stomach , but none came . 
 `` no need to grimace , kino . 
 call it a day , '' lima said . 
 then he turned to conrad and laughed , leaving me standing , staring after their figures . 
 one day , i 'll show them . 
 i 'll stop being bullied . 
 i wiped the blood from my mouth and took extra care not to spill some on my shirt . 
 i do n't want lamare to worry . 
 i looked at my shirt and shook off the dust that had gathered . 
 the coins glittered under the sun , which made it easy for me to spot them , but when i counted , to my dismay , i only found eighteen . 
 i moved over to the bushes , maybe some rolled over there , and i was able to pick up two more . 
 with only five coins missing , i decided to head on home . 
 i looked down in front of me and saw a familiar set of footprints on the ground , smaller than mine , with no specific markings to the soles . 
 these footsteps , i think , belong to the ghosts of nivaton . 
 i shivered . 
 there are stories about nivaton -- apart from those lamare told me about -- that the place is filled with ghosts , and i 'm terrified even just hearing about them . 
 weirdly though , i see the same set of footsteps wherever i go and it freaks me out . 
 i did n't tell lamare because i did n't want her to worry . 
 do these footsteps belong to pyper , the ghost i had the misfortune of meeting once ? 
 i have no power , and if ever she or another ghost appears in front of me , the best i can do is run . 
 that -- or cry shamelessly and beg the ghost not to hurt me . 
 chapter 4 -- pyper san diego it 's different here in the mainland of akea as opposed to nivaton . 
 for one , the people are busy especially in the trading market . 
 also , all types of produce may be found here , which was pretty neat because from where i came from , nivaton , food source was minimal and variety was not a privilege . 
 a stall of green apples was right in front of me and i grinned . 
 my favorite . 
 i took one and bit on it , tasting the sour and sweet combination of the juice and revelling in the crunchy fruit . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 the peddler shouted . 
 then his voice thinned in fear . 
 `` a ghost ! '' 
 other peddlers glanced his way and some of the passers-by gasped , pointing to the apple that i was holding . 
 everybody was looking at the apple with wide eyes . 
 oh no , my father will scold me if he learns about this incident . 
 i made the apple invisible too , and the spectators ' mouths opened at the same time . 
 it 's so funny that i was tempted to make the apple reappear and turn it invisible again , but i did n't do it anymore . 
 grinning wider , i moved away from them , careful not to bump against anyone otherwise my identity would be revealed . 
 i saw the boy kino -- that 's his name -- if i remembered correctly . 
 this time , he 's running away from two other boys who looked to be the same age as he . 
 i followed him . 
 i took one last bite of the apple before letting its core roll down the ground . 
 the two boys chased him down , and i covered my mouth to silence a moan as i watched them trip kino with the earth 's sudden eruption . 
 when kino fell down , my heart went out to him and from where i was hiding , i almost ran toward him to help . 
 but my actions were limited . 
 all i could do was feel part of his sadness , anger , and frustration . 
 as he picked up the coins , he did n't retrieve them all , and i was the culprit . 
 did this make me a terrible person ? 
 i hoped not . 
 the coins were so pretty lying on the ground , shining and reflecting the sunlight that i was tempted to pick out a few and keep them for myself . 
 when kino was facing the other boys , i thought that they would clobber him just like the other days so i silently crept beside kino . 
 but to my surprise , the bullies left without even touching kino . 
 true , the ground that threw him off was harsh , but at least the bullies did not punch him anymore . 
 nivaton is a valley surrounded by four mountains . 
 mt. senan is to its east , mt. anale is to its south , mt. golli to its north , and mt. ricuss to its west . 
 the trees in our province are old and our people care for them because each tree can hold a tree house . 
 the width of a tree is usually about three-to-five grown men wrapping their arms around the trunk allowing us to build our houses on top . 
 according to our elders , when northsam still ruled akea , nivaton was one of its fourteen provinces . 
 there 's ameres , derella , minnowin , lacay islands -- and some others that i could no longer recall . 
 what struck me as weird was that no akean ever discovered what our powers were . 
 i kept on asking my father why and he refused to answer until one time , perhaps he got tired of my incessant questioning that he finally relented . 
 he told me , `` pyper , it 's an agreement between the oldest bloods -- between the emperor and the elders of nivaton , now , go and play with your cousins . '' 
 while i did n't understand his explanation , at least he answered my question . 
 nivans have the same power , invisibility . 
 on the other hand , akeans have different abilities . 
 each one is unique . 
 well , sometimes a few of them share the same power too , but that seldom happens . 
 the elders said that when emperor mcwindstorm ravaged akea , he went to our town and was greeted by its silence because everybody hid in their houses out of fear . 
 he took the nivans ' silence for hostility so he summoned storms to ravish nivaton . 
 there was severe flooding and he thought nivans died . 
 he left with his throng , declaring nivaton dead . 
 but he could n't be more wrong . 
 the tree houses that nivans built sheltered them from the flood . 
 the population decreased , true . 
 some unlucky ones , who were out gathering food died , but most nivans survived . 
 to prevent any further attack from the emperor , they concealed themselves , embracing their heritage ; and they were cloaked with invisibility since then . 
 after the flood , nivans gathered the dead and placed the bodies at the center of the village . 
 then they uttered prayers and burned the bodies . 
 the smoke could n't be concealed , and nivans overlooked that part . 
 all they wanted was to give back the dead nivans to mother akea , honoring them as they died . 
 they forgot that the smoke would rise higher than the mountains . 
 the palace soldiers saw the smoke and took it as a beacon that the town survived and in a span of minutes , the province was once again filled with palace soldiers . 
 mcwindstorm brought soldiers by letting them ride the clouds with him . 
 the others , who came an hour after , were riding horses . 
 others still came on foot , but they still managed to get to nivaton in a short time . 
 the akeans did n't see nivans because they turned invisible and hid in their tree houses , waiting for the palace soldiers to leave . 
 when mcwindstorm saw what was causing the smoke , maybe he felt compassion inside his evil chest because he struck lightning toward the piles of bodies until nothing was left but skulls and bones . 
 the flesh was all burnt , leaving just ash . 
 since then akeans called nivaton the ghost town , and nobody from the province argued . 
 they saw the power of the emperor and did n't want to rouse his suspicion about nivans ' presence . 
 because of that unfortunate event , nivans rarely became visible anymore , even if there were no outlanders in the province . 
 as moon-turns came and went , they noticed that their skins had gone gray . 
 the change in skin color could only be attributed to hiding from the sun . 
 many moon-turns later , i was born and this was the nivaton that welcomed me -- the infamous ghost town . 
 i may be young and to my ears , the stories sounded like mere myths , but i believed all of them . 
 that 's why carrying kino 's coins , five of them to be exact , felt like i committed a heinous crime . 
 one so shameful that would n't be pardoned by our elders . 
 going outside nivaton was frowned upon . 
 it could make akeans suspicious of our existence , and we no longer wanted that . 
 but kino -- he 's just a boy and i feel sorry for him . 
 i 'm also young , i bet he is about my age , give or take one or two moon-turns , and i ca n't do anything to help him no matter how much i may want to . 
 i did n't feel warmly toward kino at first because i was brought up by my parents to hate all akeans , and after the story that i just shared , who would n't , right ? 
 to me , akeans are heartless , ruthless , and in all ways , evil . 
 i even remembered this one time when i drew pictures of them and put horns and tails on their human forms . 
 that 's how much i despised them . 
 until that first time i got the courage to climb down mt. riccus , explored the other side of the world , and met kino . 
 it was morning and fog still covered the mountains . 
 i made myself visible for a while , and my gray skin showed . 
 it 's ugly , but it was something i had to live with . 
 mother said that the longer we make ourselves invisible , the paler our skin will become . 
 so as moon-turns went by , i got grayer . 
 whenever i caught sight of myself in mirrors , it 's hard to disagree with them who branded us ghosts because indeed , we looked the part . 
 running in the mountains , blending with the forests , turning invisible and then showing ourselves , i think we can even fool ourselves into believing we are actually ghosts . 
 when i was almost at the bottom of the mountain , i cloaked myself in invisibility . 
 the rocks were slippery against my sandals , and i fell , lost control of invisibility , and passed out . 
 the cold water woke me up and i stared into worried eyes the color of a newly-sprouting leaf . 
 they belonged to kino . 
 `` you 've been out for an hour , '' he said . 
 he rummaged in his rucksack and after finding a tube of ointment , he moved toward me . 
 he squeezed it and cream oozed out . 
 he dabbed generously on my left arm . 
 when his fingers touched me , he tensed . 
 perhaps he was thinking that my gray skin would be cold , but then as he continued rubbing cream against my arm , he relaxed . 
 i was scared that he 's so close to me . 
 he was an akean and i did n't know what could be going on inside his crazy , evil head . 
 rule number one -- make people believe you are a ghost . 
 rule number two -- never ever speak . 
 for how can ghosts speak ? 
 these are a few of the nivan tenets . 
 anybody caught breaking them would face flogging in our town hall , or being locked up in our town dungeons . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 kino asked . 
 i just stared at him and let him tend to my wound . 
 `` why are you so gray ? '' 
 i did n't speak , but since i was hurt , i let him tend to me . 
 he brushed curly , blond hair away from my face and i flinched . 
 he laughed softly . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he said . 
 when i still did n't speak he said , `` i 'm kino . 
 i usually pass by here when i go to the public market to trade . '' 
 he was , perhaps , trying to urge me to talk to him . 
 not that i did n't want to -- it just did n't feel right . 
 so i sat long enough to wait for him to finish . 
 i tried to feel my feet and they were okay . 
 when there was no more blood and instead , a good coating of the cream covered my arm , i stood up and ran away from him . 
 `` hey , '' he shouted after me . 
 `` what 's your name ? 
 where are you from ? '' 
 i looked back , wondering if i should give him my name . 
 it seemed wrong . 
 but his eyes were so innocent -- i did n't think he would do me any harm . 
 `` pyper , '' i said . 
 then i made myself invisible . 
 i watched as his face paled , horror painting his pretty face as realization dawned on him that he tended to a ghost . 
 i walked slowly so as not to make any noise . 
 i needed to make my escape as quietly as possible . 
 any twigs breaking or leaves crushing under my feet could make him doubt that i was a ghost . 
 i thought that was the only time i would break a nivan rule , but i was wrong . 
 when i was higher in the mountains , i sat on a patch of green grass , careful not show myself unconsciously , and watched kino as he picked his rucksack . 
 he looked once more to the spot where i vanished and then he walked away . 
 slowly at first . 
 then he sprinted as though a sense of fear overcame him . 
 chapter 5 - lamare amark inside the carriage , my head almost bumped alternately against the ceiling and walls . 
 the journey was made rough by unpaved streets and rocks littering the roads , making traveling a pain . 
 i looked out the window and saw the damaged roads . 
 it used to be better than this , but when wind became suspicious of plots that could take the empire from him , he started scheming . 
 he made me write on the scroll countless disasters to strike akea , and these -- the destroyed roads -- held witness to each catastrophe . 
 when wind took the empire , he had wanted nothing but power . 
 akea is slowly dying , its citizens barely keeping up with the disaster he brings . 
 and today , storm clouds have gathered in the east . 
 it seems like wind is not in one of his better moods again . 
 until now , i still want to claim akea . 
 although no one remembered who i used to be , i felt that being of royal blood -- of northsam 's blood -- it is my responsibility to do something about the land . 
 but my friends were long gone . 
 the supporters of our family were defeated openly in battle if not killed in a plot . 
 when terror rose in the chests of the people wind dealt with , he charmed them , making them lose their ground , and when they were caught off guard , wind would swoop in , pass current through the wine a lord was drinking , or push one down the palace by a fistful of wind that for no reason blew at such an inopportune time . 
 when all our family 's allies had started to be wiped out of the map , my suspicion grew . 
 my father might have hinted it . 
 only , wind was cunning . 
 out of the fourteen lords that rule akea , all were dead in a span of months . 
 seven were travelling to the palace to join the akean wine festival . 
 it was an annual event , and everybody was invited to celebrate in the palace . 
 farmers , traders , wagon-drivers , fishermen , child-caretaker . 
 mothers , fathers , children . 
 sometimes , the festival started with contests of who had grown the biggest grapes . 
 this was followed by a showcase of how wine was made . 
 baskets of grapes would be placed inside a large wooden basin that everyone referred to as the `` pool . '' 
 from here , women would enter the pool and dance all throughout the celebration . 
 they served as entertainment for all of akea to see . 
 but that was n't all . 
 the wine festival is also where each kid of a certain age will be presented to the emperor for the display of his or her power . 
 in the center of the palace grounds , a kid would tame a bull with a snap of his fingers . 
 a flower would bloom by an innocent child 's touch . 
 the other powers were simple , like jumping really , really high . 
 there was a young boy i witnessed who can talk very loudly that when he 's done presenting his power , my father laughed and teased him . 
 `` this boy has a future here in the palace as the town crier . '' 
 and the audience laughed . 
 after the presentation of the kids , they would register their names in the palace registry , which contained all the names of everyone who ever lived in akea that were ordained citizenship . 
 the display of power was what made them truly akeans , while the chronicling of their names only came as ministerial . 
 by the time the festivity was over , the ladies dancing in the pool would come out , looking like goddesses in their wet white clothes , which had turned purple during all the dancing . 
 and there , we would see the grape extract , a liquid of purple haze . 
 everybody gathered around the pool , and from where we stood , the ceremony would begin . 
 northsam would instruct the servants to remove whatever residue that still remained in the pool , and once only the liquid was left , he would start with : `` the moons have completed their turns ; akeans have once again been claimed . 
 with a new set of extraordinary blood , akea ca n't bleed . 
 time turns , challenges will be brought upon the land ... '' as he uttered those words , northsam would begin working on the pool , his arms outstretched , turning in circular motions , directed at the pool . 
 `` we are akea . 
 flesh and blood . 
 we are different , and we are guided . '' 
 at this point , the parents of the children who had presented themselves would bring their children around the pool . 
 `` by registering your names in the book , you vow to serve , to use power to no ill will , and to transform -- '' as northsam repeated the litany of the emperors who ruled akea before him , he would lift his hands in the air , and thrust them toward the pool , and watch as the purple liquid turned red and into maroon as though the liquid had aged so soon . 
 even after watching the aging of wine for so many moon-turns , the act still brought goose bumps to my skin . 
 it is the vow that makes up the citizens , and the citizens that make up the land extraordinary , and the extraordinary that makes up akea . 
 `` and use power to harness only what 's best for the land . 
 like the grapes that are now wine , so have you aged . '' 
 he would look at all the kids gathered around . 
 `` you are akeans . '' 
 from that point , servants would move forward carrying goblets . 
 they would dip them in the pool to get wine and pass it onto the children who presented . 
 after all had drunk , northsam would continue with , `` and now , for the rest of akeans , the wine is ours to share . '' 
 cheers would erupt , music would blare , and the celebration would last for as long as there was still wine to consume -- usually for an entire week . 
 it was in this event that seven of the lords did not make it to . 
 the lords were traveling to the palace , each coming from their provinces with guards escorting them . 
 but two days into the festival , there was still no word of their whereabouts . 
 the palace alerted the war generals , and a search party was formed and deployed all over akea . 
 the lords were found , but not in the state we wanted . 
 i rode with wind to get to the spot immediately while my father travelled riding his horse . 
 throngs of soldiers followed us . 
 when we reached the spot , i was horrified . 
 from up above , i was greeted with the tangles of roots that shot up in the air . 
 the trees ' leaves were to the ground , branches and trunks smashed against the men 's bodies . 
 a mess of dried blood covered the ground while putrid scent hovered in the air . 
 i saw northsam climbed down his horse and ran to where the bodies lay . 
 `` tree runners , '' he said in agony . 
 tree runners were those who have the power to talk to trees . 
 they had kinship with them , and because of that , they were the only ones allowed to fell a tree . 
 in my head , i could n't believe that tree runners would do all these . 
 why ? 
 what good would it serve them ? 
 the trees were their lives , the sources of their everything . 
 they would n't waste a considerable number of trees to kill citizens ... they were not murderers . 
 all around , the grounds were littered by holes evidencing the brutality that was committed as trees were forcibly removed . 
 as i surveyed from above , i realized that something was odd , but i could n't quite put a finger to it . 
 then it came to me . 
 the leaves that used to display various hues of meadow looked dried . 
 only when i squinted did i realize that they were n't , but dusts made the leaves appear brittle and dying . 
 i knew it was n't the tree runners . 
 i removed my hands holding my husband 's waist and glanced at his face . 
 he was calm , his face devoid of emotions . 
 was this beautiful man accountable for our allies ' deaths ? 
 wind wisely plotted it out . 
 he had stirred suspicions when two of our lords died . 
 one was through the use of lightning , the other pushed by air . 
 so this time , he used trees . 
 to those who took one look at the scene , it would seem as if it were the tree runners . 
 but with the way the trees had been callously pulled out , with dusts covering the scene , it could only be air that had done that . 
 but i kept my mouth shut because there was no proof to my suspicion . 
 the tree runners were banished from akea mainland , and they were sent to sonista where they hid , unable to roam akea . 
 father and wind agreed that it was a fitting punishment -- not to take the tree runners ' lives , but to make them suffer for as long as they live by secluding them , untouched by the outside world . 
 nine allies dead and five remaining . 
 how long before all of them are gone ? 
 and how long before northsam follows ? 
 and me , how would i fare in wind 's game ? 
 the deaths ended for a few months . 
 i could n't face my husband , and i had been terrified of him and of what he could do since then . 
 i could n't tell my father what i believed happened even when the time came that my conscience would n't let me sleep in guilt anymore because wind was always beside him , learning the craft of leadership or -- guarding my father from me . 
 i did n't know which . 
 i learned to love solitude , and i would ride my horse , heeler , alone in the woods to escape from my guilt and hide from my fears . 
 in one of those journeys , i met a nivan . 
 his name was timbukte lassis . 
 i had been travelling hard since i left the palace early in the morning , and my skin scorched under the heat of the sun . 
 i did n't realize that i wandered away from my usual route . 
 instead , i found myself following a pathway under a canopy of trees . 
 when i reached its end , there was nothing left to be explored ; huge trees blocked the view . 
 i turned away and was about to start galloping back again to the palace when from behind the trees , a flock of birds flew . 
 i stared at the trees blocking the path . 
 they were hundreds of meters high making it difficult for me to see what could be hidden behind them . 
 they stood intimidating me , and i would have turned if i had not heard the soft flow of water from behind them . 
 i pulled at heeler and urged my horse to move forward until the trees that blocked the view took us in and i found myself facing a pathway -- to where -- i did n't know . 
 i juggled my memory , remembering images of akea 's map , but i did n't recall any mention of this path . 
 out of curiosity , i pushed forward until at dusk , i was greeted by nivaton . 
 i stared , amazed at the place . 
 how the professors described nivaton was an understatement . 
 trees as high as fifty meters littered the place and they held in their wide trunks the tree houses . 
 the tree houses were big and i marvelled at how they were built . 
 there were pathways and bridges connecting one tree to another . 
 below , there was a span of hundreds of miles of clearing , which i could only surmise was where events were held . 
 sort of like a town plaza . 
 mountains surrounded nivaton . 
 where could the people be ? 
 the nivans -- it would be such a pleasure to meet them finally . 
 as a princess , i was n't allowed to stray far from the palace without any soldiers trotting at my heels , and the success of discovering this place on my own was overwhelming . 
 i did n't know how light could touch this place with everything in it so humongous , but surprisingly , the place was well lit , foliage was excellent , and the breeze that cut through the trees was calming . 
 i took heeler near a stump and knotted the ropes to keep her there . 
 i looked up and was surprised to see that nothing stirred in the houses . 
 there seemed to be no form of human life . 
 i continued walking , searching for something . 
 it felt eerily cold . 
 and suddenly , i got scared . 
 i looked back and saw a pair of footsteps trailing after mine . 
 they were big , and i could only conclude that whoever -- or whatever was trailing me could knock me down so very easily . 
 i ran away , pulling my skirt up until in my rush , i fell , my knees scraping on the ground . 
 i watched in horror as the pair of footsteps moved closer and stopped right in front of me . 
 a body started to form out of thin air and i found myself staring into green eyes . 
 his hair was black and long and his jaw was wide . 
 he seemed to be reading my thoughts . 
 `` boo , '' he said and smiled . 
 i screamed and managed to throw pebbles his way , which were the only ones i could grasp from the ground . 
 he laughed loudly and moved toward me , holding out his hand . 
 `` i 'm timbukte . 
 timbukte lassis . '' 
 he winked as he held out his hand to me . 
 i hesitated before taking it . 
 in an easy movement , he hoisted me up my feet . 
 `` those knee abrasions -- '' `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 he laughed . 
 i ran all the way back to heeler and quickly untied the knots . 
 i braced myself and rode her . 
 i was about to trot away when i found timbukte staring at me . 
 `` it will be dark soon . 
 let me take you back to the mainland . '' 
 he said it kindly , yet insistently . 
 i looked around , and he was telling the truth . 
 the moons still reflected some light from the sun . 
 the trail back to the secret passage that i found earlier could be difficult for me to retrace without illumination , which meant that i would have to go back by climbing mt. ricuss and using the entry point in akea trading market . 
 neither option seemed appealing . 
 `` how will i know i can trust you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 from the tree houses , light started to spread . 
 i looked up and saw images of their residents starting to form . 
 like the lights that shone , the nivans started appearing like magic . 
 it struck me -- invisibility . 
 what a rare power . 
 and something they all shared . 
 that was unheard of in mainland akea where everybody possessed a power that was almost-always different from the rest of the population . 
 but here , it 's like they were fruits coming from the same tree . 
 inside my head , i laughed at my own choice of metaphor because indeed , nivans were hanging from the trees . 
 i was taken by the place , by its people . 
 my mouth still hung open in awe . 
 `` you can trust our head hunter , '' a motherly figure from one of the tree houses said . 
 i looked at timbukte who raised his eyebrows at the woman who spoke . 
 `` head hunter , she found the secret passage -- it is by tradition that whoever finds it on her own has the right to nivan knowledge . 
 you may ask her to stay . '' 
 i did n't understand what she meant . 
 confused , i looked back at timbukte . 
 `` please stay as it will be dark soon . '' 
 before i could speak , timbukte walked toward me and in one fluid motion , he had taken my waist and pulled me down from heeler . 
 `` come . 
 that 's my house over there , '' he said as he pointed to a house four trees away . 
 `` can you climb ? '' 
 i 'd never done it before ; all i was ever good at was riding horses . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` not to worry . '' 
 then he pulled a knot of ropes from overhead and when he was done loosening some of the knots , i saw a ladder hanging in front of us . 
 `` after you , '' he said . 
 i was wearing a skirt and i did n't want to climb and expose myself to him -- i blushed . 
 as if reading my mind , he quickly added , `` i 'll climb ahead and watch out for you . '' 
 then he did , blending in the tree as if they were one . 
 i followed . 
 in every step i took , he would stop by opposite me , watching out should i fall . 
 my knees were shaky as i made the final steps that led to the entrance of his house . 
 i was standing on the veranda when he joined me . 
 `` come on in , '' he said and made his way inside . 
 i followed . 
 `` do n't you think it 's scary if all of you could turn invisible and go inside each other 's houses ? '' 
 i had wanted to say that theft could be strong in their town , but my father had trained me not to be so rude . 
 words are the sharpest weapons , and can kill a spirit -- that 's what he always said . 
 `` no . 
 we are only invisible to those who do n't have the same power . 
 but for us who do , we can catch each other . 
 it 's difficult to explain , but it 's sort of like looking through a glass of water -- you can see the other side , but you know that something transparent is blocking your view . '' 
 i imagined what he told me and maybe to untrained eyes like mine , if a nivan so much as appeared before me -- whether or not i saw the sign that someone was there the way timbukte described -- i was pretty sure i would still be caught off guard . 
 there was nothing different about the way we live except that in this place , the rustles of the wind could be heard clearly , bird melodies hung in the air the entire day , and children playing laughed loudly and gaily . 
 i told myself that these were the reasons i kept coming back . 
 every time i got scared of wind , i would pack some clothes and ride all the way to nivaton . 
 here , i was met by kind faces , by gentle characters , by a group of people worrying about nothing but what to sing next . 
 nivans were song lovers , and when they 're all invisible and they sing together , the place felt ethereal . 
 songs would come from everywhere that it became difficult to anyone listening to tell exactly where the melodies were coming from . 
 i was still young and had never known love so real . 
 the more i spent time with timbukte though , the quicker i got acquainted with an unfamiliar emotion , one i never felt with wind . 
 with my husband , i would gaze at his face and feel as if i lost all senses -- that he could make me do anything he wanted . 
 that i would heed his words . 
 that the desire to be close to him was something difficult for me to fight even with my guilt and worries . 
 but when he 's angry , when his charisma was n't working , i would find myself shaken , manipulated at the thought that i was in love . 
 slowly , i began withdrawing from wind , but he was like a magnet that drew me closer and closer to him . 
 every time . 
 if i should find him with another woman , i 'd holler like a madwoman . 
 inside my heart , i searched for the source of my feelings for him and found nothing but awe . 
 the man that i wed was most desired , feared , and respected , and i was the one he chose . 
 pride made me care for him and the fact that i was envied sealed my marriage . 
 elation was indeed sometimes more powerful than yearning . 
 it was different with timbukte . 
 each time i ran away from home , it felt odd that galloping in my horse made me feel like surrendering to my heart . 
 with each flight , i distanced myself from wind and brought myself closer to the nivan . 
 having grown in the palace and attended to by servants -- from the food that i would eat for the day , to the oil that would be used after my bath , to the tiniest details like who would stay up to powder my ankle -- i never had to worry about these things . 
 in nivaton , i realized that the only one i want to do all of these for me was timbukte . 
 let me correct that -- these things need not be done . 
 with him , a smile was all i needed . 
 the carriage that i 'm riding came to a stop , and i found myself hugging the scroll to my chest . 
 back to my reality now , all memories of the past were dampened once more by my fear at seeing wind . 
 i looked outside and stared at the imposing palace . 
 nothing much has changed except for the usual wearing of the walls . 
 to the right side , the golden bell and its post stood . 
 decorative trees still lined up the sidewalks , and the grass covering the entire yard was carefully trimmed . 
 soldiers patrolled the palace grounds and a stretch of citizens were lined up to seek an audience with wind . 
 they were being hustled inside so as to avoid crowding the streets . 
 i looked at the faces of the citizens and felt sorry for them . 
 although there were some who looked to be minor lords in the provinces where they came from , most looked like they had not eaten in the past days . 
 they were dingy and their faces were forlorn . 
 it broke my heart that there was nothing i could do for them anymore . 
 the soldier opened the carriage 's door , and i stepped out . 
 another fortnight of events written , of things that are to come in akea . 
 all memories of the past were gone in an instant as a familiar thudding inside my chest began . 
 i knew i look scared . 
 i needed to grow courage . 
 or let my courage walk me back to the right path so that i could stand for what i believed was right . 
 and kino -- he was of the right age to be presented as a citizen , and if he did n't discover his power soon , the humiliation would eat at him . 
 he never spoke about it -- how he felt about being so different . 
 there had to be a way to release him . 
 it would come to me , how to break my son free . 
 but how and when ? 
 a solid idea was what i needed . 
 but with no ally in the land , with every lord fearing wind and his storms , my son may end up so lifeless in his lifetime . 
 i knew how he was feeling -- or maybe just understood it . 
 how could i not ? 
 we 're in the same place . 
 plan . 
 fast forward . 
 approach the problem with a different strategy . 
 one that 's so simple and ridiculously spelt out that it would be hidden in its course . 
 but how ? 
 the palace guards escorted me as i walked the long path to the palace . 
 hours will tick slowly while wind reads my scroll and seals each script , each word , with lightning . 
 he will burn every line to make it true . 
 the smoke will eat at my heart , scorching it until it so badly burned that i would no longer feel sorrow over who would be affected by another set of edits in my scroll . 
 this is usually the moment that i 'll lose control over my emotions and cry , but the moon-turns have taught me now . 
 wind liked seeing me weakened . 
 so this time , i 'll muster with all my courage not to let my eyes dampen . 
 the hours will be long and how my eyes will sting , but today , as a sign of quiet rebellion , i will not cry . 
 if you wish to read more , please download a copy from this link : for smashwords : https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/488068 for goodreads : https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/23453710-breaking-the-scroll and please leave a comment and rate the book to support me . 
 for updates on my writing , please follow my twitter @jeinsedai or @jingaver . 
 please share with your friends . 
 thank you . 
