 the boy stood on the highest knoll of the low country in the western kingdom of the ring , looking north , watching the first of the rising suns . 
 as far as he could see stretched rolling green hills , like camel humps , dipping and rising in a series of valleys and peaks . 
 the burnt-orange rays of the first sun lingered in the morning mist , making them sparkle , lending the light a magic that matched the boy 's mood . 
 he rarely woke this early or ventured this far from home - and never ascended this high - knowing it would incur his father 's wrath . 
 but on this day , he did n't care . 
 on this day , he disregarded the million rules and chores that had oppressed him for his fourteen years . 
 for this day was different . 
 it was the day his destiny had arrived . 
 the boy - thorgrin of the western kingdom of the southern province of the clan mcleod - known to all he liked simply as thor - the youngest of four boys , the least favorite of his father , had stayed awake all night in anticipation of this day . 
 he had tossed and turned , bleary-eyed , waiting , willing , for the first sun to rise . 
 for a day like this arrived only once every several years , and if he missed it , he would be stuck here , in this village , doomed to tend his father 's flock the rest of his days . 
 that was a thought he could not bear . 
 conscription day . 
 it was the one day the king 's army canvassed the provinces , hand-picked volunteers for the king 's legion . 
 as long as he had lived , thor had dreamt of nothing else . 
 for him , life meant one thing : joining the silver , the king 's elite force of knights , bedecked in the finest armor and the choicest arms anywhere in the two kingdoms . 
 and one could not enter the silver without first joining the legion , the company of squires ranging from fourteen to nineteen years of age . 
 and if one was not the son of a noble , or of a famed warrior , there was no other way to join the legion . 
 conscription day was the only exception , that rare event every few years when the legion ran low and the king 's men scoured the land in search of new recruits . 
 everyone knew that few commoners were chosen - and that even fewer would actually make the legion . 
 thor stood there , studying the horizon intently , looking for any sign of motion . 
 the silver , he knew , would have to take this road , the only road into his village , and he wanted to be the first to spot them . 
 his flock of sheep protested all around him , rose up in a chorus of annoying grunts , urging him to bring them back down the mountain , where the grazing was choicer . 
 he tried to block out the noise , and the stench . 
 he had to concentrate . 
 what had made all of this bearable , all these years of tending flocks , of being his father 's lackey , his older brothers ' lackey , the one cared for least and burdened most , was the idea that one day he would leave this place . 
 one day , when the silver came , he would surprise all those who had underestimated him , and be selected . 
 in one swift motion , he would ascend their carriage and say goodbye to all of this . 
 his father , of course , had never considered him seriously as a candidate for the legion - in fact , he had never considered him as a candidate for anything . 
 instead , his father devoted his love and attention to thor 's three older brothers . 
 the oldest was nineteen and the others but a year behind each other , leaving thor a good three years younger than any of them . 
 perhaps because they were closer in age , or perhaps because they looked alike and looked nothing like thor , the three of them stuck together , barely acknowledging thor 's existence . 
 worse , they were taller and broader and stronger than he , and thor , who knew he was not short , nonetheless felt small beside them , felt his muscular legs frail beside their barrels of oak . 
 his father made no move to rectify any of this - and in fact seemed to relish it - leaving thor to attend the sheep and sharpen weapons , while his brothers were left to train . 
 it was never spoken , but always understood , that thor would spend his life in the wings , be forced to watch his brothers achieve great things . 
 his destiny , if his father and brothers had their way , would be to stay here , swallowed by this village , and give his family the support they demanded . 
 worse still was that thor sensed that his brothers , paradoxically , were threatened by him , maybe even hated him . 
 thor could see it in their every glance , every gesture . 
 he did n't understand how , but he aroused something in them , like fear or jealousy . 
 perhaps it was because he was different from them , did n't look like them or speak with their mannerisms ; he did n't even dress like them , his father reserving the best garments - the purple and scarlet robes , the gilded weapons - for his brothers , while thor was left wearing the coarsest of rags . 
 nonetheless , thor made the best of what he had , finding a way to make his clothes fit , tying the frock with a sash around his waist , and , now that summer was here , cutting off the sleeves to allow his toned arms to be caressed by the breezes . 
 these were matched by coarse linen pants , his only pair , and boots made of the poorest leather , laced up his shins . 
 they were hardly the leather of his brothers ' shoes , but he made them work . 
 he wore the typical uniform of a herder . 
 but he hardly had the typical demeanor : thor stood tall and lean , with a proud jaw , noble chin , high cheekbones and gray eyes , looking like a displaced warrior . 
 his straight , brown hair fell back in waves on his head , just past his ears , and behind them , his eyes glistened like a minnow in the light . 
 thor knew that today his brothers would be allowed to sleep in , be given a hearty meal , sent off for the selection with the finest weapons and his father 's blessing - while he would not even be allowed to attend . 
 he had tried to raise the issue with his father once . 
 it had not gone well . 
 his father had summarily ended the conversation , and he had not tried again . 
 it just was n't fair . 
 thor was determined to reject the fate his father had planned for him : at the first sign of the royal caravan , he would race back to the house , confront his father , and , like it or not , make himself known to the king 's men . 
 he would stand for selection with the others . 
 his father could not stop him . 
 he felt a knot in his stomach at the thought of it . 
 the first sun rose higher , and when the second sun began to rise , a mint green , adding a layer of light to the purple sky , thor spotted them . 
 he stood upright , hairs on end , electrified . 
 there , on the horizon , came the faintest outline of a horse-drawn carriage , its wheels kicking dust into the sky . 
 his heart beat faster as another came into view ; then another . 
 even from here the golden carriages gleamed in the suns , like silver-backed fish leaping from the water . 
 by the time he counted twelve of them , he could wait no longer . 
 heart pounding in his chest , forgetting his flock for the first time in his life , he turned and stumbled down the hill , determined to stop at nothing until he made himself known . 
 thor barely stopped to catch his breath as he sped down the hills , through the trees , scratched by branches and not caring . 
 he reached a clearing and saw his village spread out below : a sleepy country town , packed with one-story , white clay homes with thatched roofs , there were but several dozen families amongst them . 
 smoke rose from chimneys , and he knew most were up early , preparing their morning meal . 
 it was an idyllic place , just far enough - a full day 's ride - from king 's court to deter passersby . 
 just another farming village on the edge of the ring , another cog in the wheel of the western kingdom . 
 thor burst down the final stretch , into the village square , kicking up dirt as he went . 
 chickens and dogs ran out of his way , and an old woman , squatting outside her home before a cauldron of bubbling water , hissed at him . 
 `` slow down boy ! '' 
 she screeched , as he raced passed her , stirring dust into her fire . 
 but thor would not slow - not for her , not for anybody . 
 he turned down one side street , then another , twisting and turning the way he knew by heart , until he reached home . 
 it was a small , nondescript dwelling , like all the others , with its white clay walls and angular , thatched roof . 
 like most , its single room was divided , his father sleeping on one side , and his three brothers on the other ; unlike most , it had a small chicken coop in the back , and it was here that thor was exiled to sleep . 
 at first he 'd slept with his brothers ; but over time they had grown bigger and meaner and more exclusive , and made a show of not leaving him room . 
 thor had been hurt , but now he relished his own space , preferring to be away from their presence . 
 it just confirmed for him that he was the exile in his family that he already knew he was . 
 thor ran to his front door and burst through it without stopping . 
 `` father ! '' 
 he screamed , gasping for breath . 
 `` the silver ! 
 they 're coming ! '' 
 his father and three brothers sat , hunched over the breakfast table , already dressed in their finest . 
 at his words they jumped up and darted past him , bumping his shoulders as they ran out of the house , into the road . 
 thor followed them out , and they all stood there , watching the horizon . 
 `` i see no one , '' drake , the oldest , answered in his deep voice . 
 with the broadest shoulders , hair cropped short like his brothers , brown eyes and thin , disapproving lips , he scowled down at thor , as usual . 
 `` nor do i , '' echoed dross , just a year below drake , always taking his side . 
 `` they 're coming ! '' 
 thor shot back . 
 `` i swear ! '' 
 his father turned to him and grabbed his shoulders sternly . 
 `` and how would you know ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` i saw them . '' 
 `` how ? 
 from where ? '' 
 thor hesitated ; his father had him . 
 he of course knew that the only place he could have spotted them was from the top of that knoll . 
 now thor was unsure how to respond . 
 `` i. . . 
 climbed the knoll - '' `` with the flock ? 
 you know they are not to go that far . '' 
 `` but today was different . 
 i had to see . '' 
 his father glowered down . 
 `` go inside at once and fetch your brothers ' swords and polish their scabbards , so that they look their best before the king 's men arrive . '' 
 his father , done with him , turned back to his brothers , who all stood in the road , looking out . 
 `` do you think they 'll choose us ? '' 
 asked durs , the youngest of the three , a full three years ahead of thor . 
 `` they 'd be foolish not to , '' his father said . 
 `` they are short on men this year . 
 it has been a slim cropping - or else they would n't bother coming . 
 just stand straight , the three of you , keep your chins up and chest out . 
 do not look them directly in the eye , but do not look away , either . 
 be strong and confident . 
 show no weakness . 
 if you want to be in the king 's legion , you must act as if you 're already in it . '' 
 `` yes , father , '' his three boys answered at once , getting into position . 
 he turned and glared back at thor . 
 `` what are you still doing there ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` get inside ! '' 
 thor stood there , torn . 
 he did n't want to disobey his father , but he had to speak with him . 
 his heart pounded as he debated . 
 he decided it would be best to obey , to bring the swords , and then confront his father . 
 disobeying outright would n't help . 
 thor raced into the house , out though the back and to the weapons shed . 
 he spotted his brothers ' three swords , objects of beauty all of them , crowned with the finest silver hilts , precious gifts his father had toiled for for years . 
 he grabbed all three , surprised as always at their weight , and ran back through the house with them . 
 he sprinted to his brothers , handed each their sword , then turned to his father . 
 `` what , no polish ? '' 
 drake said . 
 his father turned to him disapprovingly , but before he could say anything , thor spoke up . 
 `` father , please . 
 i need to speak with you ! '' 
 `` i told you to polish - '' `` please , father ! '' 
 his father glared back , debating . 
 he must have seen the seriousness on thor 's face , because finally , he said : `` well ? '' 
 `` i want to be considered . 
 with the others . 
 for the legion . '' 
 his brothers ' laughter rose up behind him , making his face burn red . 
 but his father did not laugh ; on the contrary , his scowl deepened . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 thor nodded back vigorously . 
 `` i 'm fourteen . 
 i 'm eligible . '' 
 `` the cutoff is fourteen , '' drake said disparagingly , over his shoulder . 
 `` if they took you , you 'd be the youngest . 
 do you think they 'd choose you over someone like me , five years your elder ? '' 
 `` you are insolent , '' durs said . 
 `` you always have been . '' 
 thor turned to them . 
 `` i 'm not asking you , '' he said . 
 he turned back to his father , who still frowned . 
 `` father , please , '' he said . 
 `` allow me a chance . 
 that 's all i ask . 
 i know i 'm young , but i will prove myself , over time . '' 
 his father shook his head . 
 `` you 're not a soldier , boy . 
 you 're not like your brothers . 
 you 're a herder . 
 your life is here . 
 with me . 
 you will do your duties and do them well . 
 one should not dream too high . 
 embrace your life , and learn to love it . '' 
 thor felt his heart breaking , as he saw his life collapsing before his eyes . 
 no , he thought . 
 this ca n't be . 
 `` but father - '' `` silence ! '' 
 he screamed , so shrill it cut the air . 
 `` enough with you . 
 here they come . 
 get out of the way , and best mind your manners while they 're here . '' 
 his father stepped up and with one hand pushed thor to the side , as if he were an object he 'd rather not see . 
 his beefy palm stung thor 's chest . 
 a great rumbling arose , and townsfolk poured out from their homes , lining the streets . 
 a growing cloud of dust heralded the caravan , and moments later they burst in , a dozen horse-drawn carriages , with a noise like a great thunder . 
 they came into town like a sudden army , and their caravan came to a halt close to thor 's home . 
 their horses stood there , prancing , snorting . 
 it took too long for the cloud of dust to settle , and thor anxiously tried to steal a peek of their armor , their weaponry . 
 he had never been this close to the silver before , and his heart thumped . 
 the soldier on the lead horse dismounted his stallion . 
 here he was , a real , actual member of the silver , covered in shiny ring mail , a long sword on his belt . 
 he looked to be in his 30s , a real man , stubble on his face , scars on his cheek , and a nose crooked from battle . 
 he was the most substantial man thor had ever seen , twice as wide as the others , with a countenance that said he was in charge . 
 the soldier jumped down onto the dirt road , his spurs jingling as he approached the lineup of boys . 
 all up and down the village stood dozens of boys , at attention , hoping . 
 joining the silver meant a life of honor , of battle , of renown , of glory - along with land , title , and riches . 
 it meant the best bride , the choicest land , a life of glory . 
 it meant honor for your family , and entering the legion was the first step . 
 thor studied the large , golden carriages , and knew they could only hold so many recruits . 
 it was a large kingdom , and they had many towns to visit . 
 he gulped , realizing his chances were even more remote than he thought . 
 he would have to beat out all these other boys - many of them substantial fighters - along with his own three brothers . 
 he had a sinking feeling . 
 thor could hardly breathe as he watched the soldier pace in the silence , surveying the rows of hopefuls . 
 he began on the far side of the street , then slowly circled . 
 thor knew all of the other boys , of course . 
 some of them he knew secretly did not want to be picked , even though their families wanted to send them off . 
 they were afraid ; they would make poor soldiers . 
 thor burned with indignity . 
 he felt he deserved to be picked , as much as any of them . 
 just because his brothers were older and bigger and stronger , did n't mean he should n't have a right to stand and be chosen . 
 he burned with hatred for his father , and nearly burst out of his skin as the soldier approached . 
 the soldier stopped , for the first time , before his brothers . 
 he looked them up and down , and seemed impressed . 
 he reached out , grabbed one of their scabbards and yanked it , as if to test how firm it was . 
 he broke into a smile . 
 `` you have n't yet used your sword in battle , have you ? '' 
 he asked drake . 
 thor saw drake nervous for the first time in his life . 
 he swallowed . 
 `` no , my liege . 
 but i 've used it many times in practice , and i hope to - '' `` in practice ! '' 
 the soldier roared in laughter and turned to the other soldiers , who joined in , laughing in drake 's face . 
 drake turned bright red . 
 it was the first time thor had ever seen drake embarrassed - usually , it was drake embarrassing others . 
 `` well then i shall certainly tell our enemies to fear you - you who wields your sword in practice ! '' 
 the crowd of soldiers laughed again . 
 the soldier then turned to his other brothers . 
 `` three boys from the same stock , '' he said , rubbing the stubble on his chin . 
 `` that can be useful . 
 you 're all a good size . 
 untested , though . 
 you 'll need much training if you are to make the cut . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i suppose we can find room . '' 
 he nodded towards the rear wagon . 
 `` get in , and be quick of it . 
 before i change my mind . '' 
 thor 's three brothers sprinted for the carriage , beaming . 
 thor noticed his father beaming , too . 
 but he was crestfallen as he watched them go . 
 the soldier turned and moved on to the next home . 
 thor could stand it no longer . 
 `` sire ! '' 
 thor yelled out . 
 his father turned and glared at him , but thor no longer cared . 
 the soldier stopped , his back to him , and slowly turned . 
 thor took two steps forward , his heart beating , and stuck out his chest as far as he could . 
 `` you have n't considered me , sire , '' he said . 
 the soldier , startled , looked thor up and down as if he were a joke . 
 `` have n't i ? '' 
 he asked , and burst into laughter . 
 his men burst into laughter , too . 
 but thor did n't care . 
 this was his moment . 
 it was now or never . 
 `` i want to join the legion ! '' 
 thor said . 
 the soldier turned and stepped towards thor . 
 `` do you now ? '' 
 he looked amused . 
 `` and have you even reached your fourteenth year ? '' 
 `` i did , sire . 
 two weeks ago . '' 
 `` two weeks ago ! '' 
 the soldier shrieked with laughter , as did the men behind them . 
 `` in that case , our enemies shall surely quiver at the sight of you . '' 
 thor felt himself burning with indignity . 
 he had to do something . 
 he could n't let it end like this . 
 the soldier turned his back to walk away - but thor could not allow it . 
 thor stepped forward and screamed : `` sire ! 
 you are making a mistake ! '' 
 a horrified gasp spread through the crowd , as the soldier stopped and slowly turned . 
 now , he was scowling . 
 `` stupid boy , '' his father said , grabbing thor by his shoulder , `` go back inside ! '' 
 `` i shall not ! '' 
 thor yelled , shaking off his father 's grip . 
 the soldier stepped towards thor , and his father backed away . 
 `` do you know the punishment for insulting the silver ? '' 
 the soldier snapped . 
 thor 's heart pounded , but he knew he could not back down . 
 `` please forgive him , sire , '' his father said . 
 `` he 's a young child and - '' `` i 'm not speaking to you , '' the soldier said . 
 with a withering look , he forced his father to look away . 
 he turned back to thor . 
 `` answer me ! '' 
 he said . 
 thor swallowed , unable to speak . 
 this was not how he saw it going in his head . 
 `` to insult the silver is to insult the king himself , '' thor said meekly , reciting what he 'd learned from memory . 
 `` yes , '' the soldier said . 
 `` which means i can give you forty lashes if i choose . '' 
 `` i mean no insult , sire , '' thor said . 
 `` i just want to be picked . 
 please . 
 i 've dreamt of this my entire life . 
 please . 
 let me join you . '' 
 the soldier stood there , and slowly , his expression softened . 
 after a long while , he shook his head . 
 `` you 're young , boy . 
 you have a proud heart . 
 but you 're not ready . 
 come back to us when you are weaned . '' 
 with that , he turned and stormed off , barely glancing at the other boys . 
 he quickly mounted his horse . 
 thor stood there , crestfallen , and watched as the caravan broke into action ; as quickly as they 'd arrived , they were gone . 
 the last thing thor saw was his brothers , sitting in the back of the last carriage , looking out at him , disapproving , mocking . 
 they were being carted away before his eyes , away from here , into a better life . 
 inside , thor felt like dying . 
 as the excitement faded all around him , villagers slinked back into their homes . 
 `` do you realize how stupid you were , foolish boy ? '' 
 thor 's father snapped , grabbing his shoulders . 
 `` do you realize you could have ruined your brothers ' chances ? '' 
 thor brushed his father 's hands off of him roughly , and his father reached back and backhanded him across the face . 
 thor felt the sting of it , and he glared back at his father . 
 a part of him , for the first time , wanted to hit his father back . 
 but he held himself . 
 `` go get my sheep and bring them back . 
 now ! 
 and when you return , do n't expect a meal from me . 
 you will miss your meal tonight , and think about what you 've done . '' 
 `` maybe i shall not come back at all ! '' 
 thor yelled , as he turned and stormed off , away from his home , towards the hills . 
 `` thor ! '' 
 his father screamed , as villagers stopped and watched . 
 thor wandered for hours in the hills , seething , until finally he chose a hill and sat , arms crossed over his legs , and watched the horizon . 
 he watched the carriages disappear , watched the cloud of dust that lingered for hours after . 
 there would be no more visits . 
 now he was destined to remain here , in this village , for years , awaiting another chance - if they ever returned . 
 if his father ever allowed it . 
 now it would be just he and his father , alone in the house , and his father would surely let out the full breadth of his wrath on him . 
 he would continue to be his father 's lackey , years would pass , and he would end up just like him , stuck here , living a small , menial life - while his brothers gained glory and renown . 
 his veins burned with the indignity of it all : this was not the life he was meant to live . 
 he knew it . 
 thor racked his brain for anything he could do , any way he could change it . 
 but he knew there was nothing . 
 these were the cards life had dealt him . 
 after hours of sitting , he rose dejectedly and began traversing his way back up the familiar hills , higher and higher . 
 inevitably , he drifted back towards the flock , to the high knoll . 
 as he climbed , the first sun fell in the sky and the second reached its peak , casting a greenish tint . 
 he took his time as he ambled , mindlessly removing his sling from his waist , its leather grip well-worn from years of use . 
 he reached into his sack , tied to his hip , and fingered his collection of stones , each smoother than the next , hand-picked from the choicest creeks . 
 sometimes he fired on birds , other times , rodents . 
 it was a habit he 'd ingrained over years . 
 at first , he missed everything ; then , once , he hit a moving target . 
 since then , his aim was true . 
 now , hurling stones had become a part of him - and it helped to release some of his anger . 
 his brothers might be able to swing a sword through a log - but they could never hit a flying bird with a stone like he could . 
 thor mindlessly placed a stone in the sling , leaned back and hurled it with all he had , pretending he was hurling it at his father . 
 he hit a branch on a far-off tree , taking it down cleanly . 
 once he 'd discovered he could actually kill moving animals , he 'd stopped , afraid at his own power and not wanting to hurt anything ; now his targets were branches . 
 unless of course , it was one of the fox that came after his flock ; over time , they had learned to stay clear . 
 his flock , as a result , was the safest kept in the village . 
 thor thought of his brothers , of where they were right now , and he steamed . 
 after a day 's ride they would arrive in king 's court . 
 he could see it . 
 he saw them arriving to great fanfare , people dressed in their finest greeting them . 
 warriors greeting them . 
 members of the silver . 
 they would be taken in , given a place to live in the legion 's barracks , a place to train in the king 's fields , given the finest weapons . 
 each would be named squire to a famous knight . 
 one day , they would become knights themselves , get their own horse , their own coat of arms , and have their own squire . 
 they would partake in all the festivals , and dine at the king 's table . 
 it was a charmed life . 
 and it had slipped from his grasp . 
 thor felt physically sick , and tried to force it all from his mind . 
 but he could not . 
 there was a part of him , some deep part , that screamed at him . 
 it told him not to give up , that he had a greater destiny than this . 
 he did n't know what it was , but he knew it was n't here . 
 he felt he was different . 
 maybe even special . 
 that no one understood him . 
 and that they all underestimated him . 
 thor reached the highest knoll and spotted his flock . 
 well-trained , they were all still gathered , gnawing away contentedly at whatever grass they could find . 
 he counted them , looking for the red marks he had stained on their backs . 
 but he froze as he finished . 
 one sheep was missing . 
 he counted again , and again . 
 he could n't believe it : one was gone . 
 thor had never lost a sheep before , and his father would not let him live this down . 
 worse , he hated the idea of one of his sheep lost , alone , vulnerable in the wilderness . 
 he hated to see anything innocent suffer . 
 thor scurried to the top of the knoll and scanned the horizon . 
 he spotted it , far-off , several hills away : the lone sheep , the red mark on its back . 
 it was the wild one of the bunch . 
 his heart dropped as he realized the sheep had not only fled , but had chosen , of all places , to head west , to darkwood . 
 thor gulped . 
 darkwood was forbidden - not just for sheep , but for humans . 
 it was beyond the village limit , and from the time he could walk , thor knew not to venture there . 
 he never had . 
 going there , legend told , was a sure death , its woods unmarked and filled with vicious animals . 
 thor looked up at the darkening sky , debating . 
 he could n't let his sheep go . 
 he figured if he could move fast , he could get it back in time . 
 after one final look back , he turned and broke into a sprint , heading west , for darkwood , thick clouds gathering in the sky . 
 he had a sinking feeling , yet his legs seemed to carry him on his own . 
 he felt there was no turning back , even if he wanted to . 
 it was like running into a nightmare . 
 thor sped down the series of hills without pausing , into the thick canopy of darkwood . 
 the trails ended where the wood began , and he ran into unmarked territory , summer leaves crunching beneath his feet . 
 the instant he entered the wood the sky darkened , blocked by the towering pines above . 
 it was colder in here , too , and as he crossed the threshold , he felt a chill . 
 the chill was n't just from the dark , or the cold - it was from something else . 
 something he could not name . 
 it was a sense of ... being watched . 
 thor looked up at the ancient branches , gnarled , thicker than he , swaying and creaking in the breeze . 
 he had barely gone fifty paces into the wood when he began to hear odd animal noises . 
 he turned and could hardly see the opening from which he 'd entered ; he felt already as if there were no way out . 
 he hesitated . 
 darkwood had always sat on the periphery of the town and on the periphery of his consciousness , something deep and mysterious . 
 every herder who ever lost a sheep to the wood had never dared venture after it . 
 even his father . 
 the tales about this place were too dark , too persistent . 
 but there was something different about today that made thor no longer care , that made him throw caution to the wind . 
 a part of him wanted to push the boundaries , to get as far away from home as possible , and to allow life to take him where it may . 
 he ventured farther , then paused , unsure which way to go . 
 he noticed markings , bent branches where his sheep must have gone , and turned in that direction . 
 after some time , he turned again . 
 before another hour had passed , he was hopelessly lost . 
 he turned and tried to remember the direction from which he came - but was no longer sure . 
 an uneasy feeling settled in his stomach , but he figured the only way out was forward , so he continued on . 
 in the distance , thor spotted a shaft of sunlight , and made for it . 
 he found himself before a small clearing , and stopped at its edge . 
 he stood there , rooted : he could not believe what he saw before him . 
 standing there , his back to him , dressed in a long , blue satin robe , was a man . 
 no - not a man , thor could sense it from here . 
 he was something else . 
 a druid , maybe . 
 he stood tall and straight , head covered by a hood , perfectly still , as if he did not have a care in the world . 
 thor stood there , not knowing what to do . 
 he had heard of druids , but had never encountered one . 
 from the markings on his robe , the elaborate gold trim , this was no mere druid : those were royal markings . 
 of the king 's court . 
 thor could not understand it . 
 what was a royal druid doing here ? 
 after what felt like an eternity , the druid slowly turned and faced him , and as he did , thor recognized the face . 
 it took his breath away . 
 it was one of the most famous faces in the kingdom : the king 's personal druid . 
 argon , counselor to kings of the western kingdom for centuries . 
 what he was doing here , far from the royal court , in the center of darkwood , was a mystery . 
 thor wondered if he were imagining it . 
 `` your eyes do not deceive you , '' argon said , staring right at thor . 
 his voice was deep , ancient , as if spoken by the trees themselves . 
 his large , translucent eyes seemed to bore right through thor , summing him up . 
 he felt an intense energy radiating off of him - as if he were standing opposite the sun . 
 thor immediately took a knee and bowed his head . 
 `` my liege , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry to have disturbed you . '' 
 thor knew that disrespect towards a king 's counselor would result in imprisonment or death . 
 it had been ingrained in him since the time he was born . 
 `` stand up , child , '' argon said . 
 `` if i wanted you to kneel , i would have told you . '' 
 slowly , thor stood and looked at him . 
 argon took several steps closer . 
 he stood there and stared , until thor began to feel uncomfortable . 
 `` you have your mother 's eyes , '' argon said . 
 thor was taken aback . 
 he had never met his mother , and had never met anyone , aside from his father , who knew her . 
 from what he was told , she had died in childbirth , something for which thor always felt a sense of guilt . 
 he had always suspected that that was why his family hated him . 
 `` i think you 're mistaking me for someone else , '' thor said . 
 `` i do n't have a mother . '' 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 argon asked with a smile . 
 `` were you born by man alone ? '' 
 `` i meant to say , sire , that my mother died in birth . 
 i think you mistake me . '' 
 `` you are thorgrin , of the clan mcleod . 
 the youngest of four brothers . 
 the one not picked . '' 
 thor 's eyes opened wide . 
 he hardly knew what to make of this . 
 that someone of argon 's stature should know who he was - it was more than he could comprehend . 
 he did n't even imagine that he was known to anyone outside his village . 
 `` how ... do you know this ? '' 
 argon smiled back , but did not respond . 
 thor was suddenly filled with curiosity . 
 `` how ... '' thor added , fumbling for words , '' ... how do you know my mother ? 
 have you met her ? 
 who was she ? '' 
 argon turned and walked away . 
 `` questions for another time , '' he said , his back to him . 
 thor watched him go , puzzled . 
 it was such a dizzying and mysterious encounter , and it was all happening so fast . 
 he decided he could not let him leave ; he hurried after him . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he asked , hurrying to catch up . 
 argon , using his staff , an ancient ivory thing , walked deceptively fast . 
 `` you were not waiting for me , were you ? '' 
 `` who else ? '' 
 argon asked . 
 thor hurried to catch up , following him into the wood , leaving the clearing behind . 
 `` but why me ? 
 how did you know i would be here ? 
 what is it that you want ? '' 
 `` so many questions , '' argon said . 
 `` you fill the air . 
 you should listen instead . '' 
 thor followed him as he continued through the thick wood , doing his best to remain silent . 
 `` you come in search of your lost sheep , '' argon stated . 
 `` a noble effort . 
 but you waste your time . 
 she will not survive . '' 
 thor 's eyes opened wide . 
 `` how do you know this ? '' 
 `` i know worlds you will never know , boy . 
 at least , not yet . '' 
 thor wondered as he hiked to catch up . 
 `` you wo n't listen , though . 
 that is your nature . 
 stubborn . 
 like your mother . 
 you will continue after your sheep , determined to rescue her . '' 
 thor reddened as argon read his thoughts . 
 `` you are a feisty boy , '' he added . 
 `` strong-willed . 
 too proud . 
 positive traits . 
 but one day it may be your downfall . '' 
 argon began to hike up a mossy ridge , and thor followed . 
 `` you want to join the king 's legion , '' he said . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 thor answered , excitedly . 
 `` is there any chance for me ? 
 can you make that happen ? '' 
 argon laughed , a deep , hollow sound that sent a chill up thor 's spine . 
 `` i can make everything and nothing happen . 
 your destiny was already written . 
 but it is up to you to choose it . '' 
 thor did not understand . 
 they reached the top of the ridge , and as they did argon stopped and faced him . 
 thor stood only feet away , and argon 's energy burned through him . 
 `` your destiny is an important one , '' he said . 
 `` do not abandon it . '' 
 thor 's eyed widened . 
 his destiny ? 
 important ? 
 he felt himself well with pride . 
 `` i do not understand . 
 you speak in riddles . 
 please , tell me more . '' 
 suddenly , argon vanished . 
 thor could hardly believe it . 
 he looked every which way . 
 he stood there , listening , wondering . 
 had he imagined it all ? 
 was it some delusion ? 
 thor turned and examined the wood ; from this vantage point , high up on the ridge , he could see farther than before . 
 as he looked , he spotted motion , in the distance . 
 he heard a noise , and felt sure it was his sheep . 
 he stumbled down the mossy ridge and hurried in that direction , back through the wood . 
 as he went , he could not shake his encounter with argon . 
 he could hardly conceive it had happened . 
 what was the king 's druid doing here , of all places ? 
 he had been waiting for him . 
 but why ? 
 and what had he meant about his destiny ? 
 the more thor tried to unravel it , the less he understood . 
 argon was both warning him not to continue and at the same time tempting him to do so . 
 now , as he went , thor felt an increasing sense of foreboding , as if something momentous were about to happen . 
 as he turned a bend , he stopped cold in his tracks at the view before him . 
 all of his worst nightmares were confirmed in a single moment . 
 his hair stood on end , and he realized he had made a grave mistake in coming here , this deep into darkwood . 
 there , opposite him , hardly thirty paces away , was a sybold . 
 hulking , muscular , standing on all fours , nearly the size of a horse , it was the most feared animal of darkwood , maybe even of the kingdom . 
 thor had never seen one , but had heard legends . 
 it resembled a lion , but was bigger , broader , its hide a deep scarlet and its eyes a glowing yellow . 
 legend had it that its scarlet color came from the blood of innocent children . 
 thor had heard of few sightings of this beast his entire life , and even these were thought to be dubious . 
 maybe that was because no one ever actually survived an encounter . 
 some considered the sybold to be the god of the woods , and an omen . 
 what that omen was , thor had no idea . 
 he took a careful step back . 
 the sybold stood there , its huge jaws half-open , its fangs dripping saliva , staring back with its yellow eyes . 
 in its mouth was thor 's missing sheep : screaming , hanging upside down , half of its body pierced by fangs . 
 it was mostly dead . 
 the sybold seemed to revel in the kill , taking its time ; it seemed to delight in torturing it . 
 thor could not stand the sound of the cries . 
 it wiggled , helpless , and he felt responsible . 
 thor 's first impulse was to turn and run ; but he already knew that would be futile . 
 he would never outrun this beast , which could outrun anything . 
 running would only embolden it . 
 and he could not leave his sheep to die like that . 
 he stood there , frozen in fear , and knew he had to take action of some sort . 
 thor felt his reflexes take over . 
 he slowly reached down , extracted a stone , and placed it in his sling . 
 with a trembling hand , he wound up , took a step forward , and hurled . 
 the stone sailed through the air and hit its mark . 
 it was a perfect shot . 
 it hit the sheep in its eyeball , driving through to its brain . 
 the sheep went limp . 
 dead . 
 thor had spared this animal its suffering . 
 the sybold glared at thor , enraged that thor had killed its plaything . 
 it slowly opened its immense jaws and dropped the sheep , which landed with a thump on the forest floor . 
 then it set its eyes on thor . 
 it snarled , a deep , evil sound , rising up from its belly . 
 as it started hulking towards him , thor , heart pounding , placed another stone in his sling , reached back , and prepared to fire once again . 
 the sybold broke into a sprint , moving faster than anything thor had ever seen in his life . 
 thor took a step forward and hurled the stone , praying that it hit , knowing he would n't have time to sling another before it arrived . 
 the stone hit the beast in its right eye , knocking it out . 
 it was a tremendous throw , one that would 've brought a lesser animal to its knees . 
 but this was no lesser animal . 
 the beast was unstoppable . 
 it shrieked at the damage , but never even slowed . 
 even without one eye , even with the stone lodged in its brain , it continued to charge mindlessly at thor . 
 there was nothing thor could do . 
 a moment later , the beast was on him . 
 it wound up with its huge claw , and swiped his arm . 
 thor shrieked . 
 it felt like three knives cutting across his flesh , as he felt hot blood gush out of it . 
 the beast pinned him to the ground , on all fours . 
 the weight of it was immense , like an elephant standing on his chest . 
 thor felt his ribcage being crushed . 
 the beast pulled back its head , opened wide its jaws , revealed its fangs , and began to lower them for thor 's throat . 
 as it did , thor reached up and grabbed its neck ; it was like grabbing onto solid muscle . 
 thor could barely hang on . 
 his arms started to shake , as the fangs descended lower . 
 he felt its hot breath all over his face , felt the saliva drip down onto his neck . 
 a rumble came from deep within the animal 's chest , burning thor 's ears . 
 he knew he would die . 
 thor closed his eyes . 
 please god . 
 give me strength . 
 allow me to fight this creature . 
 please . 
 i beg you . 
 i will do anything you ask . 
 i will owe you a great debt . 
 and then , something happened . 
 thor felt a tremendous heat rise up within his body , course through his veins , like an energy field racing through him . 
 as he opened his eyes , he saw something that surprised him : from his palms there emanated a yellow light , and as he pushed back into the beast 's throat , amazingly , he was able to match its strength , to hold it at bay . 
 thor continued to push , and realized he was actually pushing the beast back . 
 his strength grew and he felt a cannonball of energy - and a moment later , the beast went flying backwards , thor sending it a good ten feet . 
 it landed on its back . 
 thor sat up , not understanding what had happened . 
 the beast regained its feet . 
 then , in a rage , it charged again - but this time thor felt different . 
 he felt the energy course through him , and felt more powerful than he had ever been . 
 as the beast leapt into the air , thor crouched down , grabbed it by its stomach and hurled it , letting its momentum carry it . 
 the beast flew through the wood , smashed into a tree , then collapsed to the floor . 
 thor turned , amazed . 
 had he just thrown a sybold ? 
 the beast blinked twice , then looked at thor . 
 it charged again . 
 this time , as the beast pounced , thor grabbed it by its throat . 
 they both went to the ground , the beast on top of thor . 
 but thor rolled over , on top of it . 
 thor held it , choking it with both hands , as the beast kept trying to raise its head , snap its fangs at him . 
 it just missed . 
 thor , feeling a new strength , dug his hands in and did not let go . 
 he let the energy course through him . 
 and soon , amazingly , he felt himself stronger than the beast . 
 moments later , he realized he was choking the beast to death . 
 finally , the beast went limp . 
 thor did not let go for another full minute . 
 he stood slowly , out of breath , staring down , wide-eyed , as he held his wounded arm . 
 he could not believe what had just happened . 
 had he , thor , just killed a sybold ? 
 he felt it was a sign , on this day of all days . 
 he felt as if something momentous had happened . 
 he had just killed the most famed and feared beast of his kingdom . 
 single-handedly . 
 without a weapon . 
 it did not seem real . 
 no one would believe him . 
 he stood there , reeling , wondering what power had overcome him , what it meant , who he really was . 
 the only people known to have power like that were druids . 
 but his father and mother were not druids , so he could n't be one . 
 or could he be ? 
 thor suddenly sensed someone behind him , and spun to see argon standing there , staring down at the animal . 
 `` how did you get here ? '' 
 thor asked , amazed . 
 argon ignored him . 
 `` did you witness what happened ? '' 
 thor asked , still unbelieving . 
 `` i do n't know how i did it . '' 
 `` but you do know , '' argon answered . 
 `` deep inside , you know . 
 you are different than the others . '' 
 `` it was like ... a surge of power , '' thor said . 
 `` like a strength i did n't know i had . '' 
 `` the energy field , '' argon said . 
 `` one day you will come to know it quite well . 
 you may even learn to control it . '' 
 thor clutched his shoulder , the pain excruciating . 
 he looked down and saw his hand covered in blood . 
 he felt lightheaded , worried what would happen if he did n't get help . 
 argon took three steps forward , reached out , grabbed thor 's free hand , and placed it firmly on his wound . 
 he held it there , leaned back , and closed his eyes . 
 as he did , thor felt a warm sensation course through his arm . 
 within seconds , the sticky blood on his hand dried up , and he felt his pain begin to fade . 
 he looked down , and could not comprehend it : his arm was healed . 
 all that remained were three scars where the claws had cut - but they looked to be several days old . 
 they were sealed . 
 there was no more blood . 
 thor looked at argon in astonishment . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 argon smiled . 
 `` i did n't . 
 you did . 
 i just directed your power . '' 
 `` but i do n't have the power to heal , '' thor answered , baffled . 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 argon replied . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 none of this is making any sense , '' thor said , increasingly impatient . 
 `` please , tell me . '' 
 argon looked away . 
 `` some things you must learn over time . '' 
 thor thought of something . 
 `` does this mean i can join the king 's legion ? '' 
 he asked , excitedly . 
 `` surely , if i can kill a sybold , then i can hold my own with other boys . '' 
 `` surely you can , '' he answered . 
 `` but they chose my brothers - they did n't choose me . '' 
 `` your brothers could n't have killed this beast . '' 
 thor stared back , thinking . 
 `` but they have already rejected me . 
 how can i join them ? '' 
 `` since when does a warrior need an invitation ? '' 
 argon asked . 
 his words sunk in deep . 
 thor felt his body warming over . 
 `` are you saying i should just show up ? 
 uninvited ? '' 
 argon smiled . 
 `` you create your destiny . 
 others do not . '' 
 thor blinked - and a moment later , argon was gone . 
 thor could n't believe it . 
 he spun around the wood in every direction , but there was no trace of him . 
 `` over here ! '' 
 came a voice . 
 thor turned and saw a huge boulder before him . 
 he sensed the voice came from up top , and he immediately climbed it . 
 he reached the top , and was puzzled to see no sign of argon . 
 from this vantage point , though , he was able to see above the treetops of darkwood . 
 he saw where darkwood ended , saw the second sun setting in a dark green , and beyond that , the road leading to king 's court . 
 `` the road is yours to take , '' came the voice . 
 `` if you dare . '' 
 thor spun but saw nothing . 
 it was just a voice , echoing . 
 but he knew argon was there , somewhere , egging him on . 
 and he felt , deep down , that he was right . 
 without another moment 's hesitation , thor scrambled down the rock and set off , through the wood , for the distant road . 
 king macgil , stout , barrel chested , with a beard too thick with gray , long hair to match , and a broad forehead lined with too many battles , stood on the upper ramparts of his castle , his queen beside him , and overlooked the day 's burgeoning festivities . 
 his royal grounds sprawled out beneath him in all their glory , stretching as far as the eye could see , a thriving city walled in by ancient stone fortifications . 
 king 's court . 
 interconnected by a maze of winding streets sat stone buildings of every shape and size - for the warriors , the caretakers , the horses , the silver , the legion , the guards , the barracks , the weapons house , the armory - and among these , hundreds of dwellings for the multitude of his people who chose to live within the city walls . 
 between these spanned acres of grass , royal gardens , stone-lined plazas , overflowing fountains . 
 king 's court had been improved upon for centuries , by his father , and his father before him - and it sat now at the peak of its glory . 
 without doubt , it was now the safest stronghold within the western kingdom of the ring . 
 macgil was blessed with the finest and most loyal warriors any king had ever known , and in his lifetime , no one had dared attack . 
 the seventh macgil to hold the throne , he had held it well for his thirty two years of rule , had been a good and wise king . 
 the land had prospered greatly in his reign , he had doubled his army 's size , expanded his cities , brought his people bounty , and not a single complaint could be found among his people . 
 he was known as the generous king , and there had never been such a period of bounty and peace since he took the throne . 
 which , paradoxically , was precisely what kept macgil up at night . 
 for macgil knew his history : in all the ages , there had never been as long a stretch without a war . 
 he no longer wondered if there would be an attack - but when . 
 and from whom . 
 the greatest threat , of course , was from beyond the ring , from the empire of savages that ruled the outlying wilds , which had subjugated all the peoples outside the ring , beyond the canyon . 
 for macgil , and the seven generations before him , the wilds had never posed a direct threat : because of his kingdom 's unique geography , shaped in a perfect circle , in a ring , and separated from the rest of the world by a deep canyon a mile wide , and protected by an energy shield within it that had been active since a macgil first ruled , they had little to fear of the wilds . 
 the savages had tried many times to attack , to penetrate the shield , to cross the canyon ; not once had they been successful . 
 as long as he and his people stayed within the ring , there was no outside threat . 
 that did not mean , though , that there was no threat from inside . 
 and that was what had kept macgil up at night lately . 
 that , indeed , was the purpose of the day 's festivities : the marriage of his eldest daughter . 
 a marriage arranged specifically to appease his enemies , to maintain the fragile peace within the eastern and western kingdoms of the ring . 
 while the ring spanned a good five hundred miles in each direction , it was divided down the middle by a mountain range . 
 the highlands . 
 on the other side of the highlands sat the eastern kingdom , ruling the other half of the ring . 
 and this kingdom , ruled for centuries by their rivals , the mcclouds , had always tried to shatter its fragile truce with the macgils . 
 the mcclouds were malcontents , unhappy with their lot , convinced their side of the kingdom sat on ground less fertile . 
 they contested the highlands , too , insisting the entire mountain range was theirs , when at least half of it was the macgil 's . 
 there were perpetual border skirmishes , and perpetual threats of invasion . 
 as macgil pondered it all , he was annoyed . 
 the mcclouds should be happy : they were safe inside the ring , protected by the canyon , they sat on choice land , and had nothing to fear . 
 they should just be content with their own half of the ring . 
 it was only because macgil had grown his army so strong that , for the first time in history , the mcclouds had dared not attack . 
 but macgil , the wise king he was , sensed something on the horizon ; he knew this peace could not last . 
 thus he had arranged this marriage of his eldest daughter to the eldest prince of the mcclouds . 
 and now the day had arrived . 
 as he looked down , he saw stretched below him thousands of minions , dressed in brightly colored tunics , filtering in from every corner of the kingdom , from both sides of the highlands . 
 nearly the entire ring , all pouring into his fortifications . 
 his people had prepared for months , commanded to make everything look prosperous , strong . 
 this was not just a day for marriage : it was a day to send a message to the mcclouds . 
 macgil surveyed his hundreds of soldiers , lined up strategically along the ramparts , in the streets , along the walls , more soldiers than he could ever need - and felt satisfied . 
 it was the show of strength he wanted . 
 but he also felt on edge : the environment was charged , ripe for a skirmish . 
 he hoped no hotheads , inflamed with drink , rose up on either side . 
 he scanned the jousting fields , the playing fields , and thought of the day to come , filled with games and jousts and all sorts of festivities . 
 they would be charged . 
 the mcclouds would surely show up with their own small army , and every joust , every wrestle , every competition , would take on meaning . 
 if one went awry , it could evolve into a battle . 
 `` my king ? '' 
 he felt a soft hand on his , and turned and saw his queen , krea , still the most beautiful woman he 'd ever known . 
 happily married his entire reign , she had borne him five children , three of them boys , and had not complained once . 
 moreover , she had become his most trusted counselor . 
 as the years had passed , he had come to learn that she was wiser than all of his men . 
 indeed , wiser than he . 
 `` it is a political day , '' she said . 
 `` but also our daughter 's wedding . 
 try to enjoy . 
 it wo n't happen twice . '' 
 `` i worried less when i had nothing , '' he answered . 
 `` now that we have it all , everything worries me . 
 we are safe . 
 but i do n't feel safe . '' 
 she looked back at him with compassionate eyes , large and hazel ; they looked as if they held the wisdom of the world . 
 her eyelids drooped , as they always had , looking just a bit sleepy , and were framed by her beautiful , straight brown hair , which fell on both sides of her face , tinged with gray . 
 she had a few more lines , but she had n't changed a bit . 
 `` that 's because you 're not safe , '' she said . 
 `` no king is safe . 
 there are more spies in our court than you 'll ever care to know . 
 and that is the way of things . '' 
 she leaned in and kissed him , and smiled . 
 `` try to enjoy it , '' she said . 
 `` it is a wedding after all . '' 
 with that , she turned and walked off the ramparts . 
 he watched her go , then turned and looked back out over his court . 
 she was right ; she was always right . 
 he did want to enjoy it . 
 he loved his eldest daughter , and it was a wedding after all . 
 it was the most beautiful day of the most beautiful time of year , spring at its height , and summer dawning , the two suns perfect in the sky , and the slightest of breezes astir . 
 everything was in full bloom , trees everywhere awash in a broad palette of pinks and purples and oranges and white . 
 there was nothing he 'd like more than to go down and sit with his men , watch his daughter get married , and drink pints of ale until he could drink no more . 
 but he could not . 
 he had a long course of duties before he could even step out of his castle . 
 after all , the day of a daughter 's wedding meant obligation for a king : he had to meet with his council ; with his children ; and with a long a line of supplicants who had a right to see the king on this day . 
 he would be lucky if he left his castle in time for the sunset ceremony . 
 macgil , dressed in his finest royal garb , velvet black pants , a golden belt , a royal robe made of the finest purple and gold silk , donning his white mantle , shiny leather boots up to his calves , and wearing his crown - an ornate gold band with a large ruby set in its center - strutted down the castle halls , flanked by attendants . 
 he strode through room after room , descending the steps from the parapet , cutting through his royal chambers , through the great arched hall , with its soaring ceiling and rows of stained glass . 
 finally , he reached an ancient oak door , thick as a tree trunk , and his attendants opened it and stepped aside . 
 the throne room . 
 his advisers stood at attention as macgil entered , the door slammed shut behind him . 
 `` be seated , '' he said , more abrupt than usual . 
 he was tired , on this day especially , of the endless formalities of ruling the kingdom , and wanted to get them over with . 
 he strode across the throne room , which never ceased to impress him , its ceilings soaring fifty feet , one entire wall a panel of stained glass , floors and walls made of stone a foot thick . 
 the room could easily hold a hundred dignitaries . 
 but on days like this , when his council convened , it was just him and his handful of advisers in the cavernous setting . 
 the room was dominated by a vast table , shaped in a semi-circle , behind which his advisors stood . 
 he strutted through the opening , right down the middle , to his throne . 
 he ascended the stone steps , passed the carved golden lions , then sank into the red velvet cushion lining his throne , carved from a single block of gold . 
 his father had sat on this throne , as had his father , and all the macgils before him . 
 when he sat , macgil felt the weight of his ancestors , of all the generations , with him . 
 he surveyed the advisors in attendance . 
 there was brom , his greatest general , and advisor on military affairs ; kolk , the general of the boys ' legion ; aberthol , the oldest of the bunch , a scholar and historian , mentor of kings for three generations ; firth , his advisor on internal affairs of the court , a skinny man with short , gray hair and hollowed out eyes that never sat still . 
 he was not a man that macgil had ever trusted , and he never even understood his title . 
 but his father , and his before him , kept an advisor for court affairs , and so he kept it out of respect for them . 
 there was owen , his treasurer ; bradaigh , his advisor on external affairs ; earnan , his tax collector ; duwayne , his advisor on the masses ; and kelvin , the representative of the nobles . 
 of course , the king had absolute authority . 
 but his kingdom was a liberal one , and his fathers had always taken pride in allowing the nobles a voice in all matters , channeled through their representative . 
 it was historically an uneasy power balance between the kingship and the nobles . 
 now there was harmony , but during other times there had been uprisings , power struggles , between the nobles and royalty . 
 it was a fine balance . 
 as macgil surveyed the room he noticed one person missing : the very man he wanted to speak with most . 
 argon . 
 as usual , when and where he showed up was unpredictable . 
 it infuriated macgil to no end , but he had no choice but to accept it . 
 the way of druids was inscrutable to him . 
 without him present , macgil felt even more haste . 
 he wanted to get through this , get to the thousand other things that awaited him before the wedding . 
 the group of advisers sat , facing him around the semi-circular table , spread out every ten feet , each sitting in a chair of ancient oak with elaborate carved wooden handles . 
 `` my liege , if i may begin , '' owen called out . 
 `` you may . 
 and keep it short . 
 my time is tight today . '' 
 `` your daughter will receive a great many gift today , which we all hope will fill her coffers . 
 the thousands of people paying tribute , presenting gifts to you personally , and filling our brothels and taverns , will help fill the coffers , too . 
 and yet the preparation for today 's festivities will also deplete a good portion of the royal treasury . 
 i recommend an increase of tax on the people , and on the nobles . 
 a one-time tax , to alleviate the pressures of this great event . '' 
 macgil saw the concern on his treasurer 's face , and his stomach sank at the thought of the treasury 's depletion . 
 yet he would not raise taxes again . 
 `` better to have a poor treasury and loyal subjects , '' macgil answered . 
 `` our riches come in the happiness of our subjects . 
 we shall not impose more . '' 
 `` but my liege , if we do not - '' `` i have decided . 
 what else ? '' 
 owen sank back , crestfallen . 
 `` my king , '' brom said , in his deep voice . 
 `` at your command , we have stationed the bulk of our forces in court for today 's event . 
 the show of power will be impressive . 
 but we are stretched thin . 
 if there should be an attack elsewhere in the kingdom , we will be vulnerable . '' 
 macgil nodded , thinking it through . 
 `` our enemies will not attack us while we are feeding them . '' 
 the men laughed . 
 `` and what news from the highlands ? '' 
 `` there has been no reported activity for weeks . 
 it seems their troops have drawn down in preparation for the wedding . 
 maybe they are ready to make peace . '' 
 macgil was not so sure . 
 `` that either means the arranged wedding has worked , or they wait to attack us at another time . 
 and which do you think it is , old man ? '' 
 macgil asked , turning to aberthol . 
 aberthol cleared his throat , his voice raspy as it came out : `` my liege , your father and his father before him never trusted the mcclouds . 
 just because they lie sleeping , does not mean they will not wake . '' 
 macgil nodded , appreciating the sentiment . 
 `` and what of the legion ? '' 
 he asked , turning to kolk . 
 `` today we welcomed the new recruits , '' kolk answered , with a quick nod . 
 `` my son among them ? '' 
 macgil asked . 
 `` he stands proudly with them all , and a fine boy he is . '' 
 macgil nodded , then turned to bradaigh . 
 `` and what word from beyond the canyon ? '' 
 `` my liege , our patrols have seen more attempts to bridge the canyon in recent weeks . 
 there may be signs that the wilds are mobilizing for an attack . '' 
 a hushed whisper spread amongst the men . 
 macgil felt his stomach tighten at the thought . 
 the energy shield was invincible ; still , it did not bode well . 
 `` and what if there should be a full-scale attack ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` as long as the shield is active , we have nothing to fear . 
 the wilds have not succeeded in breaching the canyon for centuries . 
 there is no reason to think otherwise . '' 
 macgil was not so certain . 
 an attack from outside was long overdue , and he could not help but wonder when it might be . 
 `` my liege , '' firth said in his nasally voice , `` i feel obliged to add that today our court is filled with many dignitaries from the mccloud kingdom . 
 it would be considered an insult for you not to entertain them , rivals or not . 
 i would advise that you use your afternoon hours to greet each one . 
 they have brought a large entourage , many gifts - and , word is , many spies . '' 
 `` who is to say the spies are not already here ? '' 
 macgil asked back , looking carefully at firth as he did - and wondering , as always , if he might be one himself . 
 firth opened his mouth to answer , but macgil sighed and held up a palm , having had enough . 
 `` if that is all , i will leave now , to join my daughter 's wedding . '' 
 `` my liege , '' kelvin said , clearing his throat , `` of course , there is one more thing . 
 the tradition , on the day of your eldest 's wedding . 
 every macgil has named a successor . 
 the people shall expect you to do the same . 
 they have been buzzing about . 
 it would not be advisable to let them down . 
 especially with the dynasty sword still immobile . '' 
 `` would you have me name an heir while i am still in my prime ? '' 
 macgil asked . 
 `` my liege , i mean no offense , '' kelvin stumbled , looking concerned . 
 macgil held up a hand . 
 `` i know the tradition . 
 and indeed , i shall name one today . '' 
 `` might you inform us as to who ? '' 
 firth asked . 
 macgil stared him down , annoyed . 
 he was a gossip , and he did not trust this man . 
 `` you will learn of the news when the time is right . '' 
 macgil stood , and the others rose , too . 
 they bowed , turned , and hurried from the room . 
 macgil stood there , thinking , for he did not know how long . 
 it was on days like this that he wished he was not king . 
 macgil stepped down from his throne , boots echoing in the silence , and crossed the room . 
 he opened the ancient oak door himself , yanking the iron handle , and entered a side chamber . 
 he enjoyed the peace and solitude of this cozy room , as he always had , its walls hardly twenty paces in either direction yet with a soaring , arched ceiling . 
 the room was made entirely of stone , with a small , round piece of stained glass on one wall . 
 light poured in through its yellows and reds , lighting up a single object in the otherwise bare room . 
 the dynasty sword . 
 there it sat , in the center of the chamber , lying horizontal , on iron prongs , like a temptress . 
 as he had since he was a boy , macgil walked close to it , circled it , examined it . 
 the dynasty sword . 
 the sword of legend , the source of strength and power of his entire kingdom , from one generation to the next . 
 whoever had the strength to hoist it would be the chosen one , the one destined to rule the kingdom for life , to free the kingdom from all threats , in and outside the ring . 
 it had been a beautiful legend to grow up with , and as soon as he was anointed king , macgil had tried to hoist it himself , as only macgil kings were even allowed to try . 
 the kings before him , all of them , had failed . 
 he was sure he would be different . 
 he was sure he would be the one . 
 but he was wrong . 
 as were all the other macgil kings before him . 
 and his failure had tainted his kingship ever since . 
 as he stared at it now , he examined its long blade , made of a mysterious metal no one had ever deciphered . 
 the sword 's origin was even more obscure , rumored to have risen from the earth in the midst of a quake . 
 examining it , he once again felt the sting of failure . 
 he might be a good king ; but he was not the one . 
 his people knew it . 
 his enemies knew it . 
 he might be a good king , but no matter what he did , he would never be the one . 
 if he had been , he suspected there would be less unrest amongst his court , less plotting . 
 his own people would trust him more and his enemies would not even consider attack . 
 a part of him wished the sword would just disappear , and the legend with it . 
 but he knew it would not . 
 that was the curse - and the power - of a legend . 
 stronger , even , than an army . 
 as he stared at it for the thousandth time , macgil could n't help but wonder once again who it would be . 
 who of his bloodline would be destined to wield it ? 
 as he thought of what lay before him , his task of naming an heir , he wondered who , if any , would be destined to hoist it . 
 `` the weight of the blade is heavy , '' came a voice . 
 macgil spun , surprised to have company in the small room . 
 there , standing in the door , was argon . 
 macgil recognized the voice before he saw him and was both irritated for his not showing up sooner and pleased to have him here now . 
 `` you 're late , '' macgil said . 
 `` your sense of time does not apply to me , '' argon answered . 
 macgil turned back to the sword . 
 `` did you ever think i would be able to hoist it ? '' 
 he asked reflectively . 
 `` that day i became king ? '' 
 `` no , '' argon answered flatly . 
 macgil turned and stared at him . 
 `` you knew i would not be able to . 
 you saw it , did n't you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 macgil pondered this . 
 `` it scares me when you answer directly . 
 that is unlike you . '' 
 argon stayed silent , and finally macgil realized he would n't say anymore . 
 `` i name my successor today , '' macgil said . 
 `` it feels futile , to name an heir on this day . 
 it strips a king 's joy from his child 's wedding . '' 
 `` maybe such joy is meant to be tempered . '' 
 `` but i have so many years left to reign , '' macgil pleaded . 
 `` perhaps not as many as you think , '' argon answered . 
 macgil narrowed his eyes at argon , wondering . 
 was it a message ? 
 but argon added nothing more . 
 `` six children . 
 which should i pick ? '' 
 macgil asked . 
 `` why ask me ? 
 you have already chosen . '' 
 macgil looked at him . 
 `` you see much . 
 yes , i have . 
 but i still want to know what you think . '' 
 `` i think you made a wise choice , '' argon said . 
 `` but remember : a king can not rule from beyond the grave . 
 regardless of who you think you choose , fate has a way of choosing for itself . '' 
 `` will i live , argon ? '' 
 macgil asked earnestly , asking the question he had wanted to know since he had awakened the night before from a horrific nightmare . 
 `` i dreamt last night of a crow , '' he added . 
 `` it came and stole my crown . 
 then another carried me away . 
 as it did , i saw my kingdom spread beneath me . 
 it turned black as i went . 
 barren . 
 a wasteland . '' 
 he looked up at argon , his eyes watery . 
 `` was it a dream ? 
 or something more ? '' 
 `` dreams are always something more , are n't they ? '' 
 argon asked . 
 macgil was struck by a sinking feeling . 
 `` where is the danger ? 
 just tell me this much . '' 
 argon stepped close and stared into his eyes , with such an intensity that macgil felt as if he were staring into another realm itself . 
 argon leaned forward , whispered : `` always closer than you think . '' 
 thor hid in the straw in the back of a wagon as it jostled him on the country road . 
 he 'd made his way to the road the night before and had waited patiently until a wagon came along large enough for him to board and not be noticed . 
 it was dark by then , and the wagon trotted along just slowly enough for him to gain a good running pace and leap in from behind . 
 he 'd landed in the hay , and buried himself inside . 
 luckily , the driver had not spotted him . 
 thor had n't known for certain if the wagon was going to king 's court , but it was heading in that direction , and a wagon this size , and with these markings , could be going few other places . 
 as thor rode throughout the night , he had stayed awake for hours , thinking of his encounter with the beast . 
 with argon . 
 of his destiny . 
 his former home . 
 his mother . 
 he felt that the universe had answered him , had told him that he had another destiny . 
 he had lay there , hands clasped behind his head , and stared up at the night sky , visible through the tattered canvas . 
 he 'd watched the universe , so bright , its red stars so far away . 
 he was exhilarated . 
 for once in his life , he was on a journey . 
 he did not know where , but he was going . 
 one way or the other , he would make his way to king 's court . 
 when thor opened his eyes it was morning , light flooding in , and he realized he 'd drifted off . 
 he sat up quickly , looking all around , chiding himself for sleeping . 
 he should have been more vigilant - he was lucky he had not been discovered . 
 the cart still moved , but did not jostle as much . 
 that could only mean one thing : a better road . 
 they must be close to a city . 
 thor looked down , and saw how smooth the road was , free of rocks , of ditches , and lined with fine white shells . 
 his heart beat faster : they were approaching king 's court . 
 thor looked out the back of the cart , and was overwhelmed : the immaculate streets were flooded with activity . 
 dozens of carts , of all shapes and sizes , carrying all manner of things , filled the roads ; one was laden with furs ; another , with rugs ; another , with chickens . 
 amidst them walked hundreds of merchants , some leading cattle , others carrying baskets of goods on their heads . 
 four men carried a bundle of silks , balancing them on poles . 
 it was an army of people , all heading in one direction . 
 thor felt alive . 
 he 'd never seen so many people at once , so many goods , so much happening . 
 he 'd been in a small village his entire life , and now he was in a hub , engulfed in humanity . 
 he heard a loud noise , the groaning of chains , the slamming of a huge piece of wood , so strong the ground shook . 
 moments later , he heard a different sound , of horses ' hooves clacking on wood . 
 he looked down , and realized they were crossing a bridge ; beneath them passed a moat . 
 a drawbridge . 
 thor stuck his head out and saw immense stone pillars , the spiked iron gate above . 
 they were passing through king 's gate . 
 it was the largest gate he had ever seen . 
 he looked up at the spikes , and marveled that if they came down , they would slice him in half . 
 he spotted four of the king 's silver , guarding the entry , and his heart beat faster . 
 they passed through a long , stone tunnel , then moments later the sky opened again . 
 they were inside king 's court . 
 thor could hardly believe it . 
 there was even more activity here , if possible - what seemed to be thousands of people , milling in every direction . 
 there were vast stretches of grass , perfectly cut , and flowers blooming everywhere . 
 the road widened , and alongside it were booths , vendors , and everywhere , stone buildings . 
 and amidst all of these , the king 's men . 
 soldiers , bedecked in armor . 
 thor had made it . 
 in his excitement , he unwittingly stood ; as he did , the cart stopped short , and he went flying backwards , landing on his back in the straw . 
 before he could rise , there was the sound of wood lowered , and he looked up to see an angry old man , bald , dressed in rags , scowling . 
 the cart driver reached in , grabbed thor by the ankles with his bony hands , and dragged him out the back . 
 thor went flying , landing hard on his back on the dirt road , raising up a cloud of dust . 
 laughter rose up around him . 
 `` next time you ride my cart , boy , it will be the shackles for you ! 
 you 're lucky i do n't summon the silver now ! '' 
 the old man turned and spat , then hurried back on his cart and whipped his horses on . 
 thor , embarrassed , slowly gained his wits and got to his feet . 
 he looked around : one or two passersby chuckled , and thor sneered back until they looked away . 
 he brushed the dirt off and rubbed his arms ; his pride was hurt , but not his body . 
 his spirits returned as he looked around , dazzled , and realized he should be happy that at least he 'd made it this far . 
 now that he was out of the cart he could look around freely , and an extraordinary sight it was : the court sprawled as far as the eye could see . 
 at its center sat a magnificent stone palace , surrounded by towering , fortified stone walls , crowned by parapets , atop which , everywhere , patrolled the king 's army . 
 all around him were fields of green , perfectly maintained , stone plazas , fountains , groves of trees . 
 it was a city . 
 and it was flooded with people . 
 everywhere streamed all manner of people - merchants , soldiers , dignitaries - everyone in such a rush . 
 it took thor several minutes to realize that something special was happening . 
 as he ambled along , he saw preparations being made , chairs placed , an altar erected . 
 it looked like they were preparing for a wedding . 
 his heart skipped a beat as he saw , in the distance , a jousting lane , with its long dirt path and a rope dividing it . 
 on another field , he saw soldiers hurling spears at far-off targets ; on another , archers , aiming at straw . 
 it seemed as if everywhere were games , contests . 
 there was also music , lutes and flutes and cymbals , packs of musicians wandering ; and wine , huge vats being rolled out ; and food , tables being prepared , banquets stretching as far as the eye could see . 
 it was as if he 'd arrived in the midst of a vast celebration . 
 as dazzling as all this was , thor felt an urgency to find the legion . 
 he was already late , and he needed to make himself known . 
 he hurried to the first person he saw , an older man who seemed , by his blood-stained frock , to be a butcher , hurrying down the road . 
 everyone here was in such a hurry . 
 `` excuse me , sir , '' thor said , grabbing his arm . 
 the man looked down at thor 's hand disparagingly . 
 `` what is it , boy ? '' 
 `` i 'm looking for the king 's legion . 
 do you know where they train ? '' 
 `` do i look like a map ? '' 
 the man hissed , and stormed off . 
 thor was taken aback by his rudeness . 
 he hurried to the next person he saw , a woman kneading flower on a long table . 
 there were several women at this table , all working hard , and thor figured one of them had to know . 
 `` excuse me , miss , '' he said . 
 `` might you know where the king 's legion train ? '' 
 they looked at each other and giggled , some of them but a few years older than he . 
 the eldest turned and looked at him . 
 `` you 're looking in the wrong place , '' she said . 
 `` here , we are preparing for the festivities . '' 
 `` but i was told they trained in king 's court , '' thor said , confused . 
 the women broke into another chuckle . 
 the eldest put her hands on her hips and shook her head . 
 `` you act as if this is your first time in king 's court . 
 have you no idea how big it is ? '' 
 thor reddened as the other women laughed , then finally stormed off . 
 he did not like being made fun of . 
 he saw before him a dozen roads , twisting and turning every which way through king 's court . 
 spaced out in the stone walls were at least a dozen entrances . 
 the size and scope of this place was overwhelming . 
 he had a sinking feeling he could search for days and still not find it . 
 an idea struck him : surely , a soldier would know where the others train . 
 he was nervous to approach an actual king 's soldier , but realized he had to . 
 he turned and hurried to the wall , to the soldier standing guard at the closest entrance , hoping he would not throw him out . 
 the soldier stood erect , looking straight ahead . 
 `` i 'm looking for the king 's legion , '' thor said , summoning his bravest voice . 
 the soldier continued to stare straight ahead , ignoring him . 
 `` i said i 'm looking for the king 's legion ! '' 
 thor insisted , louder , determined to be recognized . 
 after several seconds , the soldier glanced down , sneering . 
 `` can you tell me where it is ? '' 
 thor pressed . 
 `` and what business have you with them ? '' 
 `` very important business , '' thor urged , hoping the soldier would not press him . 
 the soldier turned back to looking straight ahead , ignoring him again . 
 thor felt his heart sinking , afraid he would never receive an answer . 
 but after what felt like an eternity , he replied : `` take the eastern gate , then head north as far as you can . 
 take the third gate to the left , then fork right , and fork right again . 
 pass through the second stone arch , and their ground is beyond the gate . 
 but i tell you you waste your time : they do not entertain visitors . '' 
 it was all thor needed to hear . 
 without missing another beat , he turned and ran across the field , following the directions , repeating them in his head , trying to memorize them . 
 he noticed the sun higher in the sky , and only prayed that when he arrived , it would not already be too late . 
 thor sprinted down the immaculate , shell-lined paths , twisting and turning his way through king 's court . 
 he tried his best to follow the directions , hoping he was not being led astray . 
 as he reached the far end of the courtyard , he saw all the gates , and chose the third one on the left . 
 he ran through it and then followed the forks , turning down path after path . 
 he ran against traffic , thousands of people pouring into the city , the crowd growing thicker by the minute . 
 he brushed shoulders with lute players , jugglers , clowns , and all sorts of entertainers , everyone dressed in fineries . 
 thor could not stand the thought of the selection process beginning without him , and he tried his best to concentrate as he turned down path after path , looking for any sign of the training ground . 
 he passed through an arch , turned down another road , and then , far off , he spotted what could only be his destination : a mini colosseum , built of stone , in a perfect circle . 
 it had a huge gate in its center , guarded by soldiers . 
 thor heard a muted cheering from behind its walls and his heart quickened . 
 this was the place . 
 he sprinted , lungs bursting . 
 as he reached the gate , two guards stepped forward and lowered their lances , barring the way . 
 a third guard stepped forward and held out a palm . 
 `` stop there , '' he commanded . 
 thor stopped short , gasping for breath , barely able to contain his excitement . 
 `` you ... do n't ... understand , '' he heaved , words tumbling out between breaths , `` i have to be inside . 
 i 'm late . '' 
 `` late for what ? '' 
 `` the selection . '' 
 the guard , a short , heavy man with pockmarked skin , turned and looked at the others , who looked back cynically . 
 he turned and surveyed thor with a disparaging look . 
 `` the recruits were taken in hours ago , in the royal transport . 
 if you were not invited , you can not enter . '' 
 `` but you do n't understand . 
 i must - '' the guard reached out and grabbed thor by the shirt . 
 `` you do n't understand , you insolent little boy . 
 how dare you come here and try to force your way in ? 
 now go - before i shackle you . '' 
 he shoved thor , who stumbled back several feet . 
 thor felt a sting in his chest where the guard 's hand had touched him - but more than that , he felt the sting of rejection . 
 he was indignant . 
 he had not come all this way to be turned away by a guard , without even being seen . 
 he was determined to make it inside . 
 the guard turned back to his men , and thor slowly walked away , heading clockwise , around the circular building . 
 he had a plan . 
 he waited until he was out of sight , then broke into a jog , creeping his way alongside the walls . 
 he turned to make sure they were n't watching , then picked up speed , sprinting . 
 he kept running until he was halfway around the building and spotted another opening into the arena : high up were arched openings in the stone , blocked by iron bars . 
 one of them , he noticed , was missing its bars . 
 he heard another roar , and lifted himself up onto the ledge and looked . 
 his heart quickened . 
 there , spread out inside the huge , circular training ground , were dozens of recruits - including his brothers . 
 lined up , they all faced a dozen of the silver . 
 the king 's men walked amidst them , summing them up . 
 another group of recruits stood off to the side , under the watchful eyes of a soldier , hurling spears at a distant target . 
 one of them missed . 
 thor 's veins burned with indignation . 
 he could have hit those marks ; he was just as good as any of them . 
 just because he was younger , a bit smaller , it was n't fair that he was being left out . 
 suddenly , thor felt a hand on his back as he was yanked backwards , flying through the air . 
 he landed hard on the ground below , winded . 
 he looked up and saw the guard from the gate , sneering down . 
 `` what did i tell you , boy ? '' 
 before he could react , the guard leaned back and kicked thor hard . 
 thor felt a sharp thump in his ribs , as the guard wound up to kick him again . 
 this time , thor caught the guard 's foot in mid-air ; he yanked it , knocking him off balance and making him fall . 
 he quickly gained his feet . 
 at the same time , the guard gained his . 
 thor stood there , staring back , shocked by what he had just done . 
 across from him , the guard glowered . 
 `` not only will i shackle you , '' the guard hissed , `` but i will make you pay . 
 no one touches a king 's guard ! 
 forget about joining the legion - now , you will wallow away in the dungeon ! 
 you 'll be lucky if you 're ever seen again ! '' 
 the guard pulled out a chain with a shackle at its end . 
 he approached thor , vengeance on his face . 
 thor 's mind raced . 
 he could not allow himself to be shackled - yet he did not want to hurt a member of the king 's guard . 
 he had to think of something - and fast . 
 he remembered his sling . 
 his reflexes took over as he grabbed it , placed a stone , took aim , and hurled . 
 the stone flew through the air and knocked the shackles from the stunned guard 's hand ; it also hit the guard 's fingers . 
 the guard pulled back and shook his hand , screaming in pain , as the shackles went flying to the ground . 
 the guard looked up at thor with a look of death . 
 he pulled his sword from his scabbard . 
 it came out with a distinctive , metallic ring . 
 `` that was your last mistake , '' he threatened darkly , and charged . 
 thor had no choice : this man would just not leave him be . 
 he placed another stone in his sling and hurled it . 
 he aimed deliberately : he did not want to kill him , but he had to stop him . 
 so instead of aiming for his heart , nose , eye , or head , thor aimed for the one place he knew would stop him , but not kill him . 
 he aimed between his legs . 
 he let the stone fly , not at full strength , but enough to put the man down . 
 it was a perfect strike . 
 the guard keeled over , dropping his sword , grabbing between his legs as he collapsed to the ground and curled up in a ball . 
 `` you 'll hang for this ! '' 
 he groaned amidst grunts of pain . 
 `` guards ! 
 guards ! '' 
 thor looked up and in the distance saw several of the king 's guards racing for him . 
 it was now or never . 
 without wasting another moment , he sprinted for the window ledge . 
 he would have to jump through , into the arena , and make himself known . 
 and he would fight anyone who got in his way . 
 macgil sat in the upper hall of his castle , in his intimate meeting hall , the one he used for personal affairs . 
 he sat on his intimate throne , this one carved of wood , and looked out at his four children standing before him . 
 there was his eldest son , kendrik , at twenty five years a fine warrior and true gentleman . 
 he , of all his children , resembled macgil the most - which was ironic , since he was a bastard , macgil 's only issue by another woman , a woman he had long since forgotten . 
 macgil had raised kendrik with his true children , despite his queen 's initial protests , on the condition he would never ascend the throne . 
 which pained macgil now , since kendrik was the finest man he 'd ever known , a son he was proud to sire , and there would have been no finer heir to the kingdom . 
 beside him , in stark contrast , stood his second-born son - yet his firstborn legitimate son - gareth , twenty-three , thin , with hollow cheeks and large brown eyes which never stopped darting . 
 his character could not be more different than his elder brother 's . 
 gareth 's nature was everything his elder brother 's was not : where his brother was forthright , gareth hid his true thoughts ; where his brother was proud and noble , gareth was dishonest and deceitful . 
 it pained macgil to dislike his own son , and he had tried many times to correct his nature ; but after some point in his teenage years , he finally realized his nature was predestined : scheming , power-hungry , and ambitious in every wrong sense of the word . 
 gareth also , macgil knew , had no love for women , and had many male lovers . 
 other kings would have ousted such a son , but macgil was more open-minded , and for him , this was not a reason not to love him . 
 he did not judge him for this . 
 what he did judge him for was his evil , scheming nature , which was something he could not overlook . 
 lined up beside gareth stood his second-born daughter , gwendolyn . 
 having just reached her sixteenth year , she was as beautiful a girl as he had ever laid eyes upon - and her nature outshone even her looks : she was kind , generous , honest - the finest young woman he had ever known . 
 in this regard , she was similar to her eldest brother . 
 she looked at macgil with a daughter 's love for a father , and he 'd always felt her loyalty , in every glance . 
 he was even more proud of her than of his sons . 
 standing beside her was macgil 's youngest boy , reece , a proud and spirited young lad who , at fourteen , was just becoming a man . 
 macgil had watched with great pleasure his initiation into the legion , and could already see the man he was going to be . 
 one day , he had no doubt , he would be his finest son , and a great ruler . 
 but that day was not now . 
 he was too young yet , and had too much to learn . 
 macgil felt mixed feelings as he surveyed his four children , his three sons and daughter , standing before him , felt pride mingled with disappointment . 
 he also felt anger and annoyance , for two of his children were missing . 
 the eldest , his daughter luanda , of course was preparing for her own wedding , and since she was being married off to another kingdom , she had no business being here , in this discussion of heirs . 
 but his other son , godfrey , the middle one , eighteen , was absent . 
 macgil reddened from the snub . 
 ever since he was a boy , godfrey showed such a disrespect for the kingship , it was always clear that he cared not for it , and would never rule . 
 macgil 's greatest disappointment , godfrey instead chose to waste away his days in ale houses , with miscreant friends , causing the royal family ever-increasing shame and dishonor . 
 he was a slacker , sleeping most of his days , and filling the rest of them with drink . 
 on the one hand , macgil was relieved he was n't here ; on the other , it was an insult he could not suffer . 
 he had , in fact , expected this , and had sent out his men early to comb the alehouses and bring him back . 
 macgil sat there silently , waiting , until they did . 
 the heavy oak door finally slammed open and in marched the royal guards , dragging godfrey between them . 
 they gave him a shove , and godfrey stumbled into the room as they slammed the door behind him . 
 the children turned and stared . 
 godfrey was slovenly , reeking of ale , unshaven , and half dressed . 
 he smiled back . 
 insolent . 
 as always . 
 `` hello father , '' godfrey said . 
 `` did i miss all the fun ? '' 
 `` you will stand with your siblings and wait for me to speak . 
 if you do n't , god help me , i 'll chain you in the dungeons with the rest of the common prisoners , and you wo n't see food - much less ale - for three days entire . '' 
 godfrey stood there , defiant , glaring back at his father . 
 in that stare his father detected some deep reservoir of strength , something of himself , a spark of something that might one day serve him well . 
 that is , if he could ever overcome his own personality . 
 defiant to the end , godfrey waited a good ten seconds before finally complying and ambling over to the others . 
 as they all stood there , macgil surveyed his five children : the bastard , the deviant , the drunkard , his daughter , and his youngest . 
 it was a strange mix , and he could hardly believe they had all sprung from him . 
 and now , on his eldest daughter 's wedding day , the task had fallen on him to choose an heir from this bunch . 
 how was it possible ? 
 it was all , he felt , an exercise in futility : after all , he was in his prime , and could rule for thirty more years ; whatever heir he chose today might not even ascend the throne for decades . 
 the entire tradition irked him . 
 it may have been relevant in the times of his fathers , but it had no place now . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` we are gathered here today at the bequest of tradition . 
 as you know , on this day , the day of my eldest 's wedding , the task has fallen upon me to name a successor . 
 an heir to rule this kingdom . 
 should i die , there is no one better fit to rule than your mother . 
 but our kingdom 's laws dictate that only the issue of a king may succeed . 
 thus , i must choose . '' 
 macgil caught his breath , thinking . 
 a heavy silence hung in the air , and he could feel the weight of anticipation . 
 he looked in their eyes , and saw different expressions in each . 
 the bastard looked resigned , knowing he would not be picked . 
 the deviant 's eyes were aglow with ambition , as if expecting the choice to naturally fall on him . 
 the drunkard looked out the window ; he did not care . 
 his daughter looked back with love , knowing she was not part of this discussion , but loving him nonetheless . 
 the same with his youngest . 
 `` kendrik , i have always considered you a true son . 
 but the laws of our kingdom prevent me from passing the kingship to anyone of less than true legitimacy . '' 
 kendrik bowed . 
 `` father , i had not expected you would do so . 
 i 'm content with my lot . 
 please do not let this confound you . '' 
 macgil was pained at his response , as he felt how genuine he was and wanted to name him heir all the more . 
 `` that leaves four of you . 
 reece , you 're a fine young man , the finest i 've ever seen . 
 but you are too young to be part of this discussion . '' 
 `` i expected as much , father , '' reece responded , with a slight bow . 
 `` godfrey , you are one of my three legitimate sons - yet you choose to waste your days in the ale house , with the filth . 
 you were handed every privilege in life , and have spurned every one . 
 if i have any great disappointment in this life , it is you . '' 
 godfrey grimaced back , shifting uncomfortably . 
 `` well , then , i suppose i 'm done here , and shall head back to the ale house , sha n't i , father ? '' 
 with a quick , disrespectful bow , godfrey turned and strutted across the room . 
 `` get back here ! '' 
 macgil screamed . 
 `` now ! '' 
 godfrey continued to strut , ignoring him . 
 he crossed the room and pulled open the door . 
 two guards stood there . 
 macgil seethed with rage as the guards looked to him questioningly . 
 but godfrey did not wait ; he shoved his way past them , into the open hall . 
 `` detain him ! '' 
 macgil yelled . 
 `` and keep him from the queen 's sight . 
 i do n't want his mother burdened by the sight of him on her daughter 's wedding day . '' 
 `` yes , my liege , '' they said , closing the door as they hurried off after him . 
 macgil sat there , breathing , red-faced , trying to calm down . 
 for the thousandth time , he wondered what he had done to warrant such a child . 
 he looked back at his remaining children . 
 the four of them stood there , waiting in the thick silence . 
 macgil took a deep breath , trying to focus . 
 `` that leaves but two of you , '' he continued . 
 `` and from these two , i have chosen a successor . '' 
 macgil turned to his daughter . 
 `` gwendolyn , that will be you . '' 
 there was a gasp in the room ; his children all seemed shocked , most of all gwendolyn . 
 `` did you speak accurately , father ? '' 
 gareth asked . 
 `` did you say gwendolyn ? '' 
 `` father , i am honored , '' gwendolyn said . 
 `` but i can not accept . 
 i am a woman . '' 
 `` true , a woman has never sat on the throne of the macgils . 
 but i have decided it is time to change tradition . 
 gwendolyn , you are of the finest mind and spirit of any young woman i 've met . 
 you are young , but god be willing , i shall not die anytime soon , and when the time comes , you will be wise enough to rule . 
 the kingdom will be yours . '' 
 `` but father ! '' 
 gareth screamed , his face ashen , `` i am the eldest born legitimate son ! 
 always , in all the history of the macgils , kingship has gone to the eldest son ! '' 
 `` i am king , '' macgil answered darkly , `` and i dictate tradition . '' 
 `` but it 's not fair ! '' 
 gareth pleaded , his voice whining . 
 `` i am supposed to be king . 
 not my sister . 
 not a woman ! '' 
 `` silence your tongue , boy ! '' 
 macgil shouted , shaking with rage . 
 `` dare you question my judgment ? '' 
 `` am i being passed over then for a woman ? 
 is that what you think of me ? '' 
 `` i have made my decision , '' macgil said . 
 `` you will respect it , and follow it obediently , as every other subject of my kingdom . 
 now , you may all leave me . '' 
 his children bowed their heads quickly and hurried from the room . 
 but gareth stopped at the door , unable to bring himself to leave . 
 he turned back , and , alone , faced his father . 
 macgil could see the disappointment in his face . 
 clearly , he had expected to be named heir today . 
 even more : he had wanted it . 
 desperately . 
 which did not surprise macgil in the least - and which was the very reason he did not give it to him . 
 `` why do you hate me , father ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't hate you . 
 i just do n't find you fit to rule my kingdom . '' 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 gareth pressed . 
 `` because that is precisely the thing you seek . '' 
 gareth 's face turned a dark shade of crimson . 
 clearly , macgil had given him an insight into his truest nature . 
 macgil watched his eyes , saw them burn with a hatred for him that he had never imagined possible . 
 without another word , gareth stormed from the room and slammed the door behind him . 
 in the reverberating echo , macgil shuddered . 
 he recalled his son 's stare and sensed a hatred so deep , deeper than even than those of his enemies . 
 in that moment , he thought of argon , of his pronouncement , of danger being close . 
 could it be as close as this ? 
 thor sprinted across the vast field of the arena , running with all he had . 
 behind him he could hear the footsteps of the king 's guards , close on his tail . 
 they chased him across the hot and dusty landscape , cursing as they went . 
 before him were spread out the members - and new recruits - of the legion , dozens of boys , just like him , but older and stronger . 
 they were training and being tested in various formations , some throwing spears , others hurling javelins , a few practicing their grips on lances . 
 they aimed for distant targets , and rarely missed . 
 these were his competition , and they seemed formidable . 
 among them were dozens of real knights , members of the silver , standing in a broad semi-circle , watching the action . 
 judging . 
 deciding on who would stay and who would be sent home . 
 thor knew he had to prove himself , had to impress these men . 
 within moments the guards would be upon him , and if he had any chance of making an impression , now was the time . 
 but how ? 
 his mind raced as he dashed across the courtyard , determined not to be turned away . 
 as thor raced across the field , others began to take notice . 
 some of the recruits stopped what they were doing and turned , and some of the knights did as well . 
 within moments , thor felt all the attention focused on him . 
 they looked bewildered , and he realized they must be wondering who he was , sprinting across their field , three of the king 's guard chasing him . 
 this was not how he had wanted to make an impression . 
 his whole life , when he had dreamed of joining the legion , this was not how he had envisioned it happening . 
 as thor ran , debating what to do , his course of action was made plain for him . 
 one large boy , a recruit , decided to take it upon himself to impress the others by stopping thor . 
 tall , muscle-bound , he was nearly twice thor 's size , and he raised his wooden sword and blocked thor 's way . 
 thor could see he was determined to strike him down , to make a fool of him in front of everyone , and thereby gain himself advantage over the other recruits . 
 this made thor furious . 
 thor had no bone to pick with this boy , and it was not his fight . 
 but he was making it his fight , just to gain advantage with the others . 
 as they got closer , thor could hardly believe this boy 's size : he towered over him , scowled down with locks of thick black hair covering his forehead , and the largest , squarest jaw thor had ever seen . 
 he did not see how he could make a dent against this boy . 
 the boy charged him with his wooden sword , and thor knew that if he did n't act quick , he would be knocked out . 
 thor 's reflexes kicked in . 
 he instinctively took out his sling , reached back , and hurled a rock at the boy 's hand . 
 it found its target , and knocked the sword from his hand , just as the boy was bringing it down . 
 it went flying and the boy , screaming , clutched his hand . 
 thor wasted no time . 
 he charged , taking advantage of the moment , leapt into the air , and kicked the boy , planting his two front feet squarely on the boy 's chest . 
 but the boy was so thick , it was like kicking an oak tree . 
 the boy merely stumbled back a few inches , while thor stopped cold in his tracks and fell at the boy 's feet . 
 this did not bode well , thor thought , as he hit the ground with a thud , his ears ringing . 
 thor tried to gain his feet , but the boy was a step ahead of him : he reached down , grabbed thor by his back , and threw him , sending him flying , face first , into the dirt . 
 a crowd of boys quickly gathered in a circle around them and cheered . 
 thor reddened , humiliated . 
 thor turned to get up , but the boy was too fast . 
 he was already on top of him , pinning him down . 
 before thor knew it , it had turned into a wrestling match , and the boy 's weight was immense . 
 thor could hear the muted shouts of the other boys as they formed a circle , screaming , anxious for blood . 
 he looked up and saw the face of the boy , scowling down ; the boy reached out his thumbs , and brought them down for thor 's eyes . 
 thor could not believe it : it seemed this boy really wanted to hurt him . 
 did he really want to gain advantage that badly ? 
 at the last second , thor rolled his head out of the way , and the boy 's hands went flying by , plunging into the dirt . 
 thor took the chance to roll out from under him . 
 thor gained his feet , and faced the boy , who gained his , too . 
 the boy charged and swung for thor 's face , and thor ducked at the last second ; the air rushed by his face , and he realized if it had hit him , it would have broken his jaw . 
 thor reached up and punched the boy in the gut - but it hardly did a thing : it was like striking a tree . 
 before thor could react , the boy reached around and elbowed thor in the face . 
 thor stumbled back , reeling from the blow . 
 it was like getting hit by a hammer , and his ears rang . 
 while he was stumbling , still trying to catch his breath , the boy charged and kicked thor hard in the chest . 
 thor went flying backwards and crashed to the ground , landing on his back . 
 the other boys cheered . 
 thor , dizzy , began to sit up , but just as he began , the boy charged , reached down and swung and punched him again , hard in the face , knocking him flat on his back again - and down for good . 
 thor lay there , hearing the muted cheers of the others , feeling the salty taste of blood running from his nose , the welt on his face . 
 he groaned in pain . 
 he looked up and could see the large boy turn away and walk back towards his friends , already celebrating his victory . 
 thor wanted to give up . 
 this boy was huge , fighting him was futile , and he could take no more punishment . 
 but something inside him pushed him . 
 he could not lose . 
 not in front of all these people . 
 do n't give up . 
 get up . 
 get up ! 
 thor somehow summoned the strength : groaning , he rolled over and got to his hands and knees , then , slowly , to his feet . 
 he faced the boy , bleeding , his eyes swollen , hard to see , breathing hard , and raised his fists . 
 the huge boy turned around and stared down at thor . 
 he shook his head , unbelieving . 
 `` you should have stayed down , boy , '' he threatened , as he began to walk back to thor . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 yelled a voice . 
 `` elden , stand back ! '' 
 a knight suddenly stepped up , getting between them , holding out his palm and stopping elden from getting closer to thor . 
 the crowd quieted , as they all looked to the knight : clearly this was a man who demanded respect . 
 thor looked up , in awe at his presence : he was tall , with broad shoulders , a square jaw , brown , well-kept hair , in his 20s . 
 thor liked him immediately . 
 his first-rate armor , a chainmail made of a polished silver , was covered with royal markings : the falcon emblem of the macgil family . 
 thor 's throat went dry : he was standing before a member of the royal family . 
 he could hardly believe it . 
 `` explain yourself , boy , '' he said to thor . 
 `` why have you charged into our arena uninvited ? '' 
 before thor could respond , suddenly , the three members of the king 's guard broke through the circle . 
 the lead guard stood there , breathing hard , pointing a finger at thor . 
 `` he defied our command ! '' 
 the guard yelled . 
 `` i am going to shackle him and take him to the king 's dungeon ! '' 
 `` i did nothing wrong ! '' 
 thor protested . 
 `` did you now ? '' 
 the guard yelled . 
 `` barging into the king 's property uninvited ? '' 
 `` all i wanted was a chance ! '' 
 thor yelled , turning , pleading to the knight before him , the member of the royal family . 
 `` all i wanted was a chance to join the legion ! '' 
 `` this training ground is only for the invited boy , '' came a gruff voice . 
 into the circle stepped a warrior , 50s , broad and stocky , with a bald head a short beard , and a scar running across his nose . 
 he looked like he had been a professional soldier all his life - and from the markings on his armor , the gold pin on his chest , he looked to be their commander . 
 thor 's heart quickened at the site of him : a general . 
 `` i was not invited , sire , '' thor said . 
 `` that is true . 
 but it has been my life 's dream to be here . 
 all i want is a chance to show you what i can do . 
 i am as good as any of these recruits . 
 just give me one chance to prove it . 
 please . 
 joining the legion is all i 've ever dreamt of . '' 
 `` this battleground is not for dreamers , boy , '' came his gruff response . 
 `` it is for fighters . 
 there are no exceptions to our rules : recruits are chosen . '' 
 the general nodded , and the king 's guard approached thor , shackles out . 
 but suddenly the knight , the royal family member , stepped forward and put out his palm , blocking the guard . 
 `` maybe , on occasion , an exception may be made , '' he said . 
 the guard looked up at him in consternation , clearly wanting to speak out , but having to hold his tongue in deference to a royal family member . 
 `` i admire your spirit , boy , '' the knight continued . 
 `` before we cast you away , i would like to see what you can do . '' 
 `` but kendrick , we have our rules - '' the general said , clearly displeased . 
 `` the royal family makes the rules , '' kendrick answered sternly , `` and the legion answers to the royal family . '' 
 `` we answer to your father , the king - not to you , '' the general retorted , equally defiant . 
 there was a standoff , the air thick with tension . 
 thor could hardly believe what he had ignited . 
 `` i know my father , and i know what he would want . 
 he would want to give this boy a try . 
 and that is what we will do . '' 
 the general , after several tense moments , finally backed down . 
 kendrick turned to thor , eyes locking on his , brown and intense , the face of a prince , but also of a warrior . 
 `` i will give you one chance , '' he said to thor . 
 `` let 's see if you can hit that mark . '' 
 he gestured at a stack of hay , far across the field , with a small , red stain in its center . 
 several spears were lodged in the hay , but none inside the red . 
 `` if you can do what none of these others boys could do - if you can hit that mark from here - then you may join us . '' 
 the knight stepped aside , and thor could feel all eyes on him . 
 he spotted a rack of spears and looked them over carefully : they were of a finer quality than he 'd ever seen , made of solid oak , wrapped in the finest leather . 
 his heart was pounding as he stepped forward , wiping the blood from his nose with the back of his hand , feeling more nervous than he had in his life . 
 clearly , he was being given a nearly impossible task . 
 but he had to try . 
 thor reached over and picked one , not too long , or too short . 
 he weighed it in his hand - it was heavy , substantial . 
 not like the ones he used back home . 
 but it also felt right . 
 he felt that maybe , just maybe , he could find his mark . 
 after all , spear throwing was his finest skill , next to hurling stones , and many long days of roaming the wilderness had given him ample targets . 
 he had always been able to hit targets even his brothers could not . 
 thor closed his eyes and breathed deeply . 
 if he missed , he would be pounced upon by the guards and dragged off to jail - and his chances of joining the legion would be ruined forever . 
 this one moment held everything he had ever dreamt of . 
 he prayed to god with all he had . 
 without hesitating , thor opened his eyes , took two steps forward , reached back and hurled the spear . 
 he held his breath as he watched it sail . 
 please , god . 
 please . 
 the spear cut through the thick , dead silence , and thor could feel the hundreds of eyes on it . 
 then , after an eternity , there came the sound , the undeniable sound of a spear point piercing hay . 
 thor did n't even have to look . 
 he knew , he just knew , that it was a perfect strike . 
 it was the way the spear felt when it left his hand , the angle of his wrist , that told him it would hit . 
 thor dared to look - and saw , with huge relief , that he was right . 
 the spear found its place in the center of the red mark - the only spear in it . 
 he 'd done what the other recruits could not . 
 stunned silence enveloped him , as he felt the other recruits - and knights - all gaping at him . 
 finally , kendrick stepped forward and clapped thor hard on the back with his palm , with the sound of satisfaction . 
 he grinned widely . 
 `` i was right , '' he said . 
 `` you will stay ! '' 
 `` what , my lord ! '' 
 screamed the king 's guard . 
 `` it is not fair ! 
 this boy arrived uninvited ! '' 
 `` he hit that mark . 
 that 's invitation enough for me . '' 
 `` he is far younger and smaller than the others . 
 this is no peewee squad , '' said the general . 
 `` i would rather a smaller soldier who can hit his mark than an oaf who can not , '' the knight replied . 
 `` a lucky throw ! '' 
 yelled the large boy who thor had just fought . 
 `` if we had more chances , we would hit , too ! '' 
 the knight turned and stared down the boy . 
 `` would you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` shall i see you do it now ? 
 shall we wager your staying here on it ? '' 
 the boy , flustered , lowered his head in shame , clearly not willing to take up the offer . 
 `` but this boy is a stranger , '' protested the general . 
 `` we do n't even know where he hails from . '' 
 `` he comes from the lowlands , '' came a voice . 
 the others turned to see who spoke , but thor did not need to - he recognized the voice . 
 it was the voice that had plagued him his entire childhood . 
 the voice of his eldest brother : drake . 
 drake stepped forward , with his other two brothers , and glared down at thor with a look of disapproval . 
 `` his name is thorgrin , of the clan mccleod of the southern province of the eastern kingdom . 
 he is the youngest of four . 
 we all hail from the same household . 
 he tends our father 's sheep ! '' 
 the entire group of boys and knights burst into a chorus of laughter . 
 thor felt his face redden ; he wanted to die at that moment . 
 he had never been more ashamed . 
 that was just like his brother , to take away his moment of glory , to do whatever he could to keep him down . 
 `` tends sheep , does he ? '' 
 echoed the general . 
 `` then our foes will surely have to watch out for him ! '' 
 yelled another boy . 
 there was another chorus of laughter , and thor 's humiliation deepened . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 yelled kendrick , sternly . 
 gradually , the laughter subsided . 
 `` i 'd rather have a sheepherder any day who can hit a mark than the lot of you - who seem good at laughing but not much more , '' kendrick added . 
 with that , a silence descended on the boys , who were n't laughing anymore . 
 thor was infinitely grateful to kendrick . 
 he vowed to find out who he was , to pay him back any way he could . 
 regardless of what happened to him , this man had , at least , restored his honor . 
 `` do n't you know , boy , that it is not a warrior 's way to tattle on his friends - much less his own family , his own blood ? '' 
 the knight asked drake . 
 drake looked down , flustered , one of the rare times that thor had seen him out of sorts . 
 but one of his other brothers , dress , stepped forward and protested : `` but thor was n't even chosen . 
 we were . 
 he is merely following us here . '' 
 `` i 'm not following you , '' thor insisted , finally speaking up . 
 `` i 'm here for the legion . 
 not for you . '' 
 `` it does n't matter why he 's here , '' the general said , annoyed , stepping forward . 
 `` he 's wasting all of our time . 
 yes it was a good hit of the spear , but he still can not join us . 
 has no knight to sponsor him , and no squire willing to partner with him . '' 
 `` i will partner with him , '' called out a voice . 
 thor spun , along with the others . 
 he was surprised to see , standing a few feet away , a boy his age , who actually looked like him , except with blond hair and bright green eyes , wearing the most beautiful royal armor he had ever seen , chainmail covered with scarlet and black markings - clearly , another member of the king 's family . 
 `` impossible , '' the general said . 
 `` the royal family does not partner with commoners . '' 
 `` i can do as i choose , '' the boy shot back . 
 `` and i say that thorgrin will be my partner . '' 
 `` even if we sanctioned it , '' the general said . 
 `` it does not matter . 
 he has no knight to sponsor him . '' 
 `` i shall sponsor him , '' came a voice . 
 everyone turned in the other direction , and there came a muffled gasp amongst the others . 
 thor turned to see a knight , mounted on a horse , bedecked in the most beautiful shining armor he had ever seen , wearing all manner of weaponry on his belt . 
 he positively shined , and it was like looking at the sun . 
 thor could tell by his demeanor , his bearing , and by the markings on his helmet , that he was different than the others . 
 he was a champion . 
 thor recognized this knight . 
 he had seen paintings of him , and had heard of his legend . 
 erec . 
 he could n't believe it . 
 he was the greatest knight in the ring . 
 `` but my lord , you already have a squire , '' the general protested . 
 `` then i shall have two , '' erec answered , in a deep , confident voice . 
 a stunned silence pervaded the group . 
 `` then there is nothing left to say , '' kendrick said . 
 `` thorgrin has a sponsor and a partner . 
 the matter is resolved . 
 he is now a member of the legion . '' 
 `` but you have forgotten about me ! '' 
 the king 's guard screamed , stepping forward . 
 `` none of this excuses the fact that the boy has struck a member of the king 's guard , and that he must be punished . 
 justice must be done ! '' 
 `` justice will be done , '' kendrick responded , steely . 
 `` but it will be at my discretion . 
 not yours . '' 
 `` but my liege , he must be put in the stocks ! 
 an example must be made of him ! '' 
 `` if you keep up your talk , then you shall be the one going to the stocks , '' kendrick said back to the guard , glaring him down , steel in his voice . 
 finally , the guard backed down ; reluctantly , he turned and walked away , red-faced , glaring at thor . 
 `` then it is official , '' kendrick called out in a loud voice . 
 `` welcome , thorgrin , to the king 's legion ! '' 
 the crowd of knights and boys let out a cheer . 
 they then turned away , back to their training . 
 thor felt numb with shock . 
 he could hardly believe it . 
 he was now a member of the king 's legion . 
 it was like a dream . 
 thor turned to kendrick , more grateful to him than he could ever say . 
 he had never had anyone in his life before who cared about him , who went out of his way to look out for him , to protect him . 
 it was a funny feeling . 
 he already felt closer to this man than to his own father . 
 `` i do n't know how to thank you , '' thor said . 
 `` i am deeply indebted to you . '' 
 kendrick smiled down . 
 `` kendrick is my name . 
 you shall get to know it well . 
 i am the king 's eldest son . 
 i admire your courage . 
 you shall be a fine addition to this lot . '' 
 kendrick turned and hurried off , and as he did , the huge boy that thor had fought shuffled by . 
 `` watch your back , '' the boy said . 
 `` we sleep in the same barracks , you know . 
 and do n't think for a moment you 're safe . '' 
 the boy turned and stormed off before thor could respond ; he could hardly believe he had already made an enemy . 
 he was beginning to wonder what was in store for him here , when suddenly the king 's youngest son hurried over to him . 
 `` do n't mind him , '' he said to thor . 
 `` he 's always picking fights . 
 i 'm reece . '' 
 `` thank you , '' thor said , reaching out his hand , `` for choosing me as your partner . 
 i do n't know what i would have done without it . '' 
 `` i 'm happy to choose anyone who stands up to that brute , '' reece said happily . 
 `` that was a nice fight . '' 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 thor asked , wiping dried blood from his face and feeling his welt swell up . 
 `` he killed me . '' 
 `` but you did n't give up , '' reece said . 
 `` impressive . 
 any of the others of us would have just stayed down . 
 and that was one hell of a spear throw . 
 how did you learn to throw like that ? 
 we shall be partners for life ! '' 
 he looked at thor meaningfully as he shook his hand . 
 `` and friends , too . 
 i can sense it . '' 
 as thor shook his hand , he could n't help but feel that he was making a friend for life . 
 suddenly , he was poked from the side . 
 he spun and saw an older boy standing there , with pockmarked skin and a long and narrow face . 
 `` i am feithgold . 
 erec 's squire . 
 you are now his second squire . 
 which means you answer to me . 
 and we have a tournament in minutes . 
 are you going to just stand there when you been made squire to the most famous knight in the kingdom ? 
 follow me ! 
 quickly ! '' 
 reece had already turned away , and thor turned and hurried after the squire as he ran across the field . 
 he had no idea where they were going - but he did n't care . 
 he was singing inside . 
 he had made it . 
 he could hardly believe it . 
 gareth hurried across king 's court , dressed in his royal fineries , pushing his way amidst the masses who poured in from all directions for his sister 's wedding , and he fumed . 
 he was still reeling from his encounter with his father . 
 how was it possible that he was skipped over ? 
 that his father would not choose him as king ? 
 it made no sense . 
 he was the firstborn legitimate son . 
 that was the way it had always worked . 
 he had always , from the time he was born , assumed he would reign - he had no reason to think otherwise . 
 it was unconscionable . 
 passing him over for a younger sibling - and a girl , no less . 
 when word spread , he would be the laughingstock of the kingdom . 
 as he walked , he felt as if the wind had been knocked out of him , and he did not know how to catch his breath . 
 he stumbled his way with the masses towards the wedding ceremony of his elder sister . 
 he looked about , saw the multitude of colored robes , the endless streams of people , all the different folk from all the different provinces . 
 he hated being this close to commoners . 
 this was the one time when the poor could mingle with the rich , the one time those savages from the eastern kingdom , from the far side of the highlands , had been allowed in , too . 
 gareth still could hardly conceive that his sister was being married off to one of them . 
 it was a shrewd political move by his father , a pathetic attempt to make peace between the kingdoms . 
 even stranger , somehow , his sister seemed to actually like this creature . 
 gareth could hardly conceive why . 
 knowing her , it was not the man she liked , but the title , the chance to be queen of her own province . 
 she would get what she deserved : they were all savages , those on the other side of the highlands . 
 in gareth 's mind , they lacked his civility , his refinery , his sophistication . 
 it was not his problem . 
 if his sister was happy , let her be married off . 
 it was just one less sibling to have around that might stand in his way to the throne . 
 in fact , the farther away she was , the better . 
 not that any of this was his concern anymore . 
 after today , he would never be king . 
 now , he would be relegated to being just another anonymous prince in his father 's kingdom . 
 now , he had no path to power ; now he was doomed to a life of mediocrity . 
 his father had underestimated him - he always had . 
 his father considered himself politically shrewd - but gareth knew that he was much shrewder , and always had been . 
 for instance , this marrying off of luanda to a mccloud : his father thought himself a master politician . 
 but gareth was more far-sighted than his father , was able to consider more of the ramifications , and was already looking one step farther . 
 he knew where this would lead . 
 ultimately , this marriage would not appease the mcclouds , but embolden them . 
 they were brutes , so they would see this peace offering not as a sign of strength , but of weakness . 
 they would not care for a bond between the families , and as soon as his sister was taken away , gareth felt certain they would plan an attack . 
 it was all a ruse . 
 he had tried to tell his father , but he would not listen . 
 not that any of this was his concern anymore . 
 after all , now he was just another prince , just another cog in the kingdom . 
 gareth positively burned at the thought of it , and he hated his father at that moment with a hatred he never knew was possible . 
 as he crammed in , shoulder to shoulder with the masses , he imagined ways he could take revenge , and ways he could get the kingship after all . 
 he could not just sit idly by , that was for certain . 
 he could not let the kingship go to his younger sister . 
 `` there you are , '' came a voice . 
 gareth turned and saw firth , walking up beside him , wearing a jolly smile , revealing his perfect teeth . 
 18 , tall , thin , with a high voice and smooth skin and ruddy cheeks , firth was his lover of the moment . 
 gareth was usually happy to see him , but was in no mood for him now . 
 `` i think you have been avoiding me all day , '' firth added , linking one arm around his as they walked . 
 gareth immediately shook off his arm , and checked to make sure no one had seen . 
 `` are you stupid ? '' 
 gareth chastised . 
 `` do n't you ever link arms with me in public again . 
 ever . '' 
 firth look down , red-faced . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i did n't think . '' 
 `` that 's right , you did n't . 
 do it again , and i shall never see you again , '' gareth scolded . 
 firth turned redder , and looked truly apologetic . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 gareth checked again , felt confident no one had seen , and felt a little bit better . 
 `` what gossip from the masses ? '' 
 gareth asked , wanting to change the subject , to shake his dark thoughts . 
 firth immediately perked up and regained his smile . 
 `` everyone waits in expectation . 
 they all wait for the announcement that you have been named successor . '' 
 gareth 's face dropped . 
 firth examined him . 
 `` have n't you ? '' 
 firth asked , skeptical . 
 gareth reddened as he walked , not meeting firth 's eyes . 
 `` no . '' 
 firth gasped . 
 `` he passed me over . 
 can you imagine ? 
 for my sister . 
 my younger sister . '' 
 now firth 's face fell . 
 he looked astonished . 
 `` that is impossible , '' he said . 
 `` you are firstborn . 
 she is a woman . 
 it 's not possible , '' he repeated . 
 gareth looked at him , stone cold . 
 `` i do not lie . '' 
 the two of them walked for some time in silence , and as it grew even more crowded , gareth looked around , starting to realize where he was and really take it all in . 
 king 's court was absolutely jammed - there must have been thousands of people swarming in , from every possible entrance . 
 they all shuffled their way towards the elaborate wedding stage , around which were set at least a thousand of the nicest chairs , with thick cushions , covered in a red velvet , and with golden frames . 
 an army of servants strode up and down the aisles , seating people , carrying drinks . 
 on either side of the endlessly long wedding aisle , strewn with flowers , sat the two families - the macgils and mcclouds - the line sharply demarcated . 
 there were hundreds on either side , each dressed in their finest , the macgils in the deep purple of their clan , and the mcclouds in their burnt-orange . 
 to gareth 's eye , the two clans could not look more different : though they were each dressed in fineries , he felt as if the mcclouds were merely dressing up , pretending . 
 they were brutes beneath their clothes - he could see it in their facial expressions , in the way they moved , jostled each other , the way they laughed too loudly . 
 there was something beneath their surface that royal clothing could not hide . 
 he resented having them within their gates . 
 he resented this entire wedding . 
 it was yet another foolish decision by his father . 
 if he were king , he would have executed a different plan : he would have called this wedding , too . 
 but then he would have waited until late in the night , when the mcclouds were steeped in drink , barred the doors to the hall , and burned them all in a great fire , killed them all in one clean swoop . 
 `` brutes , '' firth said , as he examined the other side of the wedding aisle . 
 `` i can hardly imagine why your father let them in . '' 
 `` it should make for interesting games , afterwards , '' gareth said . 
 `` he invites our enemy into our gates , then arranges wedding day competitions . 
 is that not a recipe for skirmish ? '' 
 `` do you think ? '' 
 firth asked . 
 `` a battle ? 
 here ? 
 with all these soldiers ? 
 on her wedding day ? '' 
 gareth shrugged . 
 he put nothing past the mcclouds . 
 `` the honor of a wedding day means nothing to them . '' 
 `` but we have thousands of soldiers here . '' 
 `` as do they . '' 
 gareth turned and saw a long line of soldiers - macgils and mcclouds - lined up on either side of the battlements . 
 they would not have brought so many soldiers , he knew , unless they were expecting a skirmish . 
 despite the occasion , despite the fine dress , despite the lavishness of the setting , the endless banquets of food , the summer solstice in full bloom , the flowers - despite everything , there still hung a heavy tension in the air . 
 everyone was on edge - gareth could see it by the way they bunched up their shoulders , held out their elbows . 
 no one trusted each other . 
 maybe he would get lucky , gareth thought , and one of them would stab his father in his heart . 
 then maybe he could become king after all . 
 `` i suppose we ca n't sit together , '' firth said , disappointment in his voice , as they approached the seating area . 
 gareth shot him a look of contempt . 
 `` how stupid are you ? '' 
 he spat , venom in his voice . 
 he was seriously beginning to wonder whether he had made a good idea to choose this stable boy as his lover . 
 if he did n't get him over his sappy ways quick , he might just out them both . 
 firth looked down in shame . 
 `` i will see you afterwards , in the stables . 
 now be gone with you , '' he said , and gave him a small shove . 
 firth disappeared into the crowd . 
 suddenly , gareth felt an icy grip on his arm . 
 for a moment his heart stopped , as he wondered if he was discovered ; but then he felt the long nails , the thin fingers , plunge into his skin , and he knew it right away to be the grasp of his wife . 
 helena . 
 `` do n't embarrass me on this day , '' she hissed , hatred in her voice . 
 he turned and studied her : she looked beautiful , all done up , wearing a long white satin gown , her hair piled high with pins , wearing her finest diamond necklace , and her face smoothed over with makeup . 
 gareth could see objectively that she was beautiful , as beautiful as she was on the day he married her . 
 but still he felt no attraction to her . 
 it had been another idea of his father 's - to try to marry him out of his nature . 
 but all it had done was give him a perpetually sour companion - and stir up even more court speculation about his true inclinations . 
 `` it is your sister 's wedding day , '' she rebuked . 
 `` you can act as if we are a couple - for once . '' 
 she locked one arm through his and they walked to a reserved area , roped off with velvet . 
 two royal guards let them through and they mingled with the rest of the royals , at the base of the aisle . 
 a trumpet was blown , and slowly , the crowd quieted . 
 there came the gentle music of a harpsichord , and as it did , more flowers were strewn along the aisle , and the royal procession began to walk down , couples arm in arm . 
 gareth was tugged by helena , and he began marching down the aisle with her . 
 gareth felt more conspicuous , more awkward than ever , hardly knowing how to make his love seem genuine . 
 he felt hundreds of eyes on him , and could n't help but feel as if they were all evaluating him , though he knew they were not . 
 the aisle could not be short enough ; he could not wait to reach the end and stand near his sister at the altar , and get this over with . 
 he also could not stop thinking about his meeting with his father : he wondered if all these onlookers already knew the news . 
 `` i received ill news today , '' he whispered to helena as they finally reached the end , and the eyes were off him . 
 `` do you think i do n't know that already ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 he turned and looked at her , surprised . 
 she looked back with contempt . 
 `` i have my spies , '' she said . 
 he narrowed his eyes , wanting to hurt her . 
 how could she be so nonchalant ? 
 `` if i am not king , then you shall never be queen , '' he said . 
 `` i never expected to be queen , '' she answered . 
 that surprised him even more . 
 `` i never expected him to name you , '' she added . 
 `` why would he ? 
 you are not a leader . 
 you are a lover . 
 but not my lover . '' 
 gareth felt himself reddening . 
 `` nor are you mine , '' he said to her . 
 it was her turn to redden . 
 he was reminding her that she was not the only one that had a secret lover . 
 he had heard rumors , had spies of his own that told him of her exploits . 
 he had let her get away with it so far - as long as she kept it quiet , and left him alone . 
 `` it 's not like you give me a choice , '' she answered . 
 `` do you expect me to remain celibate the rest of my life ? '' 
 `` you knew who i was , '' he answered . 
 `` yet you chose to marry me . 
 you chose power , not love . 
 do n't act surprised . '' 
 `` our marriage was arranged , '' she said . 
 `` i did not choose a thing . '' 
 `` but you did not protest , '' he answered . 
 they were at a stalemate , and gareth lacked the energy to argue with her today . 
 she was a useful prop , a puppet wife . 
 he could tolerate her , and she could be useful on occasion - as long as she did not annoy him too much . 
 gareth watched with supreme cynicism as everyone turned to watch his eldest sister being walked down the aisle by his father , that creature . 
 the gall of him - he even had the nerve to feign sadness , wiping a tear as he walked her . 
 an actor to the last . 
 but in gareth 's eyes , he was just a bumbling fool . 
 he could n't imagine his father felt any genuine sadness for marrying off his daughter , who , after all , he was throwing to the wolves of the mccloud kingdom . 
 he felt an equal disdain for luanda , who seemed to be enjoying the whole thing . 
 she seemed to hardly care that she was being married off to a lesser people . 
 she , too , was after power . 
 cold-blooded . 
 calculated . 
 in this way , she , of all his siblings , was most like him . 
 in some ways he could relate to her , though they never had much warmth for each other . 
 gareth shifted on his feet , impatient , waiting for it all to end . 
 he suffered through the ceremony , as argon presided over the blessings , reciting the spells , performing the rituals . 
 it was all a charade , and it made him sick . 
 it was just the union of two families for political reasons . 
 why could n't they just call it what it was ? 
 soon enough , thank heavens , it was over . 
 the crowd rose up in a huge cheer as the two kissed . 
 a great horn was blown , and the perfect order of the wedding dissolved into controlled chaos . 
 they all made their way back down the aisle , and over to the reception area . 
 even gareth , as cynical as he was , was impressed by the site : his father had spared no expense this time . 
 stretching out before them were all manner of tables , banquets , vats of wine , an endless array of roasting pigs and sheep and lamb . 
 behind them , they were already preparing for the main event : the games . 
 there were targets being prepared for stone hurling , spear throwing , bows and arrows - and , at the center of it all , the jousting lane . 
 already , the masses were crowding around it . 
 crowds were already parting for the knights on both sides . 
 for the macgils , the first to enter , of course , was his brother , kendrick , up on his horse , bedecked in armor , followed by dozens of the silver . 
 but it was not until erec arrived , set back from the others , on his white horse , that the crowd quieted in awe . 
 he was like a magnet for attention : even helena leaned forward , and gareth saw her lust for him , like all the other women . 
 `` he 's nearly of selection age , yet he 's not married . 
 any woman in the kingdom would marry him . 
 why does he choose none of us ? '' 
 `` and what do you care ? '' 
 gareth asked , feeling jealous , despite himself . 
 he too , wanted to be up there , in armor , on a horse , jousting for his father 's name . 
 but he was not a warrior . 
 and everyone knew it . 
 helena ignored him with a dismissive wave of her hand . 
 `` you are not a man , '' she said , derisively . 
 `` you do not understand these things . '' 
 gareth blushed . 
 he wanted to let her have it , but now was not the time . 
 instead , he accompanied her as she took a seat in the stands , with the others , to watch the day 's festivities . 
 this day was going from worse to worse , and gareth already felt a pit in his stomach . 
 it would be a very long day , a day of endless chivalry , of pomp , of pretense . 
 of men wounding or killing each other . 
 a day he was completely excluded from . 
 a day that represented everything he hated . 
 as he sat there , he brooded . 
 he wished silently that the festivities would erupt into a full-fledged battle , that there would be full-scale bloodshed before him , that everything good about this place be destroyed , torn to bits . 
 one day he would have his way . 
 one day he would be king . 
 thor did his best to keep up with erec 's squire , hurrying to catch up as he weaved his way through the masses . 
 it had been such a whirlwind since the arena , he could hardly process what was happening all around him . 
 he was still trembling inside , could still hardly believe he had been accepted into the legion , and he had been named second squire to erec . 
 `` i told you boy , keep up ! '' 
 feithgold snapped . 
 thor resented him calling him `` boy , '' especially as he was hardly a few years older . 
 he nearly lost sight of him as he darted in out of the crowd , almost as if he were trying to lose thor . 
 `` is it always this crowded here ? '' 
 thor called out , trying to catch up . 
 `` of course not ! '' 
 feithgold yelled back . 
 `` today is not only the summer solstice , the biggest day of the year , but also the day the king chose for his daughter 's wedding - and the only day in history we 've opened our gates to the mcclouds . 
 there has never been such a crowd here as now . 
 it is unprecedented . 
 i had n't expected this ! 
 i fear we will be late ! '' 
 he said , all in a rush , as he sped through the crowd . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` we 're going to do what every good squire does : to help our knight prepare ! '' 
 `` prepare for what ? '' 
 thor pressed , nearly out of breath . 
 it was getting hotter by the minute , and he wiped the sweat from his brow . 
 `` why , the royal joust ! '' 
 they finally reached the edge of the crowd . 
 they stopped before a king 's guard , who recognized feithgold and gestured to the others to let them pass . 
 they slipped under a rope and stepped into a clearing , free from the masses . 
 thor could hardly believe it : there , up close , were the jousting lanes . 
 behind the ropes stood mobs of spectators , and up and down the dirt lanes stood huge warhorses - the largest thor had ever seen - mounted by knights in all manner of armor . 
 mixed among the silver were knights from all over the two kingdoms , from every province , some in black armor , others in white , wearing helmets and donning weapons of every shape and size . 
 it looked as if the entire world had descended on these jousting lanes . 
 there were already some competitions were in progress , knights from places thor did not recognize charging each other , clanging lances and shields , followed always by a short cheer from the crowd . 
 up close , thor could not believe the strength and speed of the horses , the sound the weapons made . 
 it seemed like a deadly business . 
 `` it hardly seems like a sport ! '' 
 thor said to feithgold as he followed him along the perimeter of the lanes . 
 `` that 's because it is not , '' feithgold yelled back , over the sound of a clang . 
 `` it is a serious business , masked as a game . 
 people die here , every day . 
 it is battle . 
 lucky are the ones who walk away unscathed . 
 they are far and few between . '' 
 thor looked up as two knights charged each other and moments later , collided at full speed . 
 there was an awful crash of metal on metal , and one of them went flying off his horse , and landed on his back , just feet away from thor . 
 the crowd gasped . 
 the knight did not stir , and thor looked down and saw a piece of a wooden shaft stuck in his ribs , piercing his armor . 
 he cried out in pain , and blood poured from his mouth . 
 several squires ran over and attended him , dragging him off the field . 
 the winning knight paraded slowly , raising his lance to the cheer of the crowd . 
 thor was amazed . 
 he had not envisioned the sport to be so deadly . 
 `` what those boys just did - that is your job now , '' feithgold said . 
 `` you are squire now . 
 more precisely , second squire . '' 
 he stopped and came in close - so close , thor could smell his bad breath . 
 `` and do n't you forget it . 
 i answer to erec . 
 and you answer to me . 
 your job is to assist me . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 thor nodded back , still trying to take it all in . 
 he had imagined it all going differently in his head , and still did n't know exactly what was in store for him . 
 he could feel how threatened feithgold was by his presence , and felt he had made an enemy . 
 `` it is not my intention to interfere with your being erec 's squire , '' thor said . 
 feithgold let out a short , derisive laugh . 
 `` you could n't interfere with me , boy , if you tried . 
 just stay out of my way and do as i tell you . '' 
 with that , feithgold turned and hurried down a series of twisting paths behind the ropes . 
 thor followed as best he could , and soon found himself in a labyrinth of stables . 
 he walked down a narrow corridor , all around him warhorses strutting , squires tending nervously to them . 
 feithgold twisted and turned and finally stopped before a giant , magnificent horse . 
 thor stopped and looked up , and had to catch his breath . 
 he could hardly believe that something so big and beautiful was real , and that it could be contained behind a fence . 
 it looked as if it were ready for war . 
 `` warkfin , '' feithgold said . 
 `` erec 's horse . 
 or one of them - the one he prefers for jousting . 
 not an easy beast to tame . 
 but erec has managed . 
 open the gate , '' feithgold ordered . 
 thor looked at him , puzzled , then looked back at the gate , trying to figure it out . 
 he stepped forward , pulled at a peg between the slats , and nothing happened . 
 he pulled harder and it budged , and he gently swung open the wooden gate . 
 the second he did , warkfin neighed , leaned back and kicked the wood , just grazing the tip of thor 's finger . 
 thor yanked back his hand in pain . 
 feithgold laugh . 
 `` that 's why i had you open it . 
 do it quicker next time , boy . 
 warkfin waits for no one . 
 especially you . '' 
 thor was fuming ; feithgold was already getting on his nerves , and he hardly saw how he would be able to put up with him . 
 he quickly open the wooden gates , stepping out of the way this time of the horse 's flailing legs . 
 `` shall i bring him out ? '' 
 thor asked with trepidation , not really wanting to grab his reigns as he stomped and swayed . 
 `` of course not , '' feithgold said . 
 `` that is my role . 
 your role is to feed him - when i tell you to . 
 and to shovel his waist . '' 
 feithgold grabbed warkfin 's reigns and began to lead him down the stables . 
 thor swallowed , watching him . 
 this was not the initiation he had in mind . 
 he knew he had to start somewhere , but this was degrading . 
 he had pictured war and glory and battle , training and competition among boys his own age . 
 he never saw himself as a servant in waiting . 
 he was starting to wonder if he had made the right decision . 
 they finally burst out of the dark stables and back into the bright light of day , back in the jousting lanes . 
 thor squinted at the bright light , and was momentarily overcome by the thousands of people cheering , the noise of opposing knights as they smashed into one other . 
 he 'd never heard such a clang of metal , and the earth tremored from the horses ' gait . 
 all around him were dozens of knights and their squires , preparing . 
 squires polished their knight 's armor , greased up weapons , checked saddles and straps and double-checked weapons as knights mounted their steeds , grabbed their weapons , and waited for their names to be called . 
 `` elmalkin ! '' 
 an announcer called out . 
 a knight from a province thor did not recognize , a broad fellow in red armor , galloped out the gate . 
 thor turned and jumped out of the way just in time . 
 he charged down the narrow lane , and thor watched as his lance brushed off the shield of a competitor . 
 they clanged , and the other knight 's lance struck , and elmalkin went flying backwards , landing on his back . 
 the crowd cheered . 
 the knight immediately gathered himself , though , jumping to his feet , spinning around , and reaching out a hand to his squire , who stood beside thor . 
 `` my mace ! '' 
 the knight yelled out . 
 the squire beside thor jumped into action , grabbing a mace off the weapons rack and sprinting out towards the center of the lane . 
 he ran towards his knight , but the other knight had circled back , and was charging again . 
 just as the squire was reaching him , just as he was placing the mace into his hand , the other knight thundered down upon them . 
 the squire did not reach the knight in time : the other knight brought his lance down - and as he did , his lance swiped the squire 's head . 
 the squire , reeling from the below , spun around quickly and went down to the dirt , face first . 
 he was not moving . 
 thor could see blood oozing from his head , even from here , staining the dirt . 
 thor swallowed . 
 `` it 's not a pretty sight , is it ? '' 
 thor turned to see feithgold standing beside them , staring back . 
 `` steel yourself boy . 
 this is battle . 
 and we 're right in the middle of it . '' 
 the crowd suddenly grew quiet , as the main jousting lane was opened . 
 thor could sense anticipation in the air , as all the other jousts stopped in anticipation of this one . 
 on one side , out came kendrik , walking out on his horse , lance in hand . 
 on the far side , facing him , out walked a knight in the distinctive armor of the mcclouds . 
 `` macgils versus mcclouds , '' feithgold whispered to thor . 
 `` we 've been at war for a thousand years . 
 and i very much doubt this match will settle it . '' 
 each knight lowered his visor , a horn sounded , and with a shout , the two charged each other . 
 thor was amazed at how much speed they picked up , and moments later they collided with such a clang , thor nearly raised his hands to his ears . 
 the crowd gasped as both fighters fell from their horses . 
 they each jumped to their feet and threw off their helmets , as their squires ran out to them , handing them short swords . 
 the two knights sparred with all they had . 
 watching kendrick swing and slash had thor mesmerized : it was a thing of beauty . 
 but the mccloud was a fine warrior , too . 
 back and forth they went , each exhausting the other , neither giving ground . 
 finally their swords met in one momentous clash , and they each knocked each other 's swords from their hands . 
 their squires ran out , maces in hand , but as kendrick was reaching for his mace , the mccloud 's squire ran up behind him and struck him in the back with a mace , the blow sending him to the ground , to the horrified gasp of the crowd . 
 the mccloud knight stepped forward and pointed his sword to kendrick 's throat , pinning him to the ground . 
 kendrick was left with no choice . 
 `` i concede ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 there was a victorious shout among the mcclouds - but a shout of anger from the macgils . 
 `` he cheated ! '' 
 yelled out the macgils . 
 `` he cheated ! 
 he cheated ! '' 
 echoed a chorus of angry cries . 
 the mob was getting angrier and angrier , and soon there was such a chorus of protests that the mob began to disperse , and both sides - the macgils and mcclouds - began to approach each other on foot . 
 `` this is n't good , '' feithgold said to thor , as they stood on the side , watching . 
 moments later , the crowd erupted : blows were thrown , and it became an all-out brawl . 
 it was chaos . 
 men were swinging wildly , grabbing each other in locks , driving each other to the ground . 
 the crowd was swelling , and it was threatening to blow up into an all-out war . 
 a horn sounded , and guards from both sides marched in , and managed to split up the crowd . 
 another , louder , horn sounded , and silence fell as king macgil stood from his throne . 
 `` there will be no skirmishers today ! '' 
 he boomed in his kingly voice . 
 `` not on this day of celebration ! 
 and not in my court ! '' 
 slowly , the crowd calmed . 
 `` if it is a contest you wish for between our two great clans , it will be decided by one fighter , one champion , from each side . '' 
 macgil looked to king mccloud , who sat on the far side , seated with his entourage . 
 `` agreed ? '' 
 macgil yelled out . 
 mccloud stood solemnly . 
 `` agreed ! '' 
 he echoed . 
 the crowd cheered on both sides . 
 `` choose your best man ! '' 
 macgil yelled . 
 `` i already have , '' mccloud said . 
 there emerged from the mccloud side a formidable knight , the biggest man thor had ever seen , mounted on his horse . 
 he looked like a boulder , all bulk , with a long beard , and a scowl that looked permanent . 
 thor sensed movement beside him , and right next to him , erec stepped up , mounted warfkin and walked forward . 
 thor swallowed . 
 he could hardly believe this was happening all around him . 
 he swelled with pride for erec . 
 then he was overcome with anxiety , as he realized that he was on duty . 
 after all , he was squire and this was his knight who was about to fight . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 thor asked feithgold in a rush . 
 `` just stand back and do as i tell you , '' he answered . 
 erec strode forward into the jousting lane , and the two knights stayed there , facing each other , their horses stomping in a tense standoff . 
 thor felt his heart pounding in his chest as he waited and watched . 
 a horn sounded , and the two charged each other . 
 thor could not believe the beauty and grace of warfkin as he watched him move . 
 it was like watching a fish jump from the sea . 
 the other man was huge , but erec was the most graceful and sleek fighter thor had ever seen . 
 he cut through the air , his head low , his silver armor rippling , more polished than any armor he had laid his eyes upon . 
 as the two men met , erec held his lance with perfect aim , and leaned to the side . 
 he managed to knock the knight in the center of shield and at the same time , to dodge his blow . 
 the huge mountain of a man tumbled backwards , onto the ground . 
 it was like a boulder landing . 
 the macgil crowd cheered as erec rode past , turned and circled back . 
 he held the tip of his lance to the man 's throat . 
 `` yield ! '' 
 erec yelled down . 
 the knight spit . 
 `` never ! '' 
 the knight then reached into a hidden satchel on his waist , pulled out a handful of dirt , and before erec could react , he threw it up into erec 's face . 
 erec , stunned , reached up and grabbed for his eyes , dropping his lance , and fell from his horse . 
 the macgil crowd booed and hissed and cried in outrage as erec fell , clutching his eyes . 
 the knight , wasting no time , hurried over and kneed him in the ribs . 
 erec rolled over , and the knight grabbed a huge rock , picked it up high and prepared to bring it down on erec 's skull . 
 `` no ! '' 
 thor screamed , stepping forward , unable to control himself . 
 thor watched in horror as the knight brought down the rock . 
 at the last second , erec somehow rolled out of the way . 
 the stone lodged deep into the ground , right where his skull had been . 
 thor was amazed at erec 's dexterity . 
 he was already back on his feet , facing this dirty fighter . 
 `` short swords ! '' 
 the kings cried out . 
 feithgold suddenly wheeled and stared at thor , wide-eyed . 
 `` hand it to me ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 thor 's heart pounded in panic . 
 he spun around , searching erec 's weapons rack , looking desperately for the sword . 
 there was a dizzying array of weapons before him . 
 he reached out , grabbed it , and thrust it into feithgold 's palm . 
 `` stupid boy ! 
 that is a medium sword ! '' 
 feithgold yelled . 
 thor felt his throat go dry , felt the whole kingdom staring at him . 
 his vision was blurry with anxiety , as he spiraled into panic , not knowing which sword to choose . 
 he could barely focus . 
 feithgold stepped forward , shoved thor out of the way , and grabbed the short sword himself . 
 he then raced out into the jousting lane . 
 thor watched as he ran , feeling useless , horrible . 
 he also tried to imagine if it were himself running out there , in front of all those people , and his knees grew weak . 
 the other knight 's squire reached him first , and erec had to jump out of the way , as the knight swung for him , unarmed , barely missing . 
 finally , feithgold reached erec and placed the short sword into his hand . 
 as he did , the knight charged erec . 
 but erec was too fast : he waited until the last moment , then jumped out of the way . 
 the knight kept charging , though , and ran right into feithgold , standing , to his bad luck , in the place where erec had just been . 
 the knight , filled with rage at missing erec , kept charging and grabbed feithgold with both hands by his hair , and head butted him hard across the face . 
 there was a cracking of bone , as blood squirted from feithgold 's nose , and he collapsed to the ground , limp . 
 thor stood there , mouth open in shock . 
 he could not believe it . 
 neither could the crowd , which booed and hissed . 
 erec swung around with his sword , just missing the knight , and the two faced each other again . 
 as thor stood there , he suddenly realized : he was erec 's only squire now . 
 he gulped . 
 what was he supposed to be doing ? 
 he was not prepared for this . 
 and the whole kingdom was watching . 
 the two knights attacked each other viciously , going blow for blow . 
 clearly the mccloud knight was much stronger than erec - yet erec was the better fighter , faster and more agile . 
 they swung and slashed and parried , neither able to gain advantage . 
 finally , macgil stood . 
 `` long spears ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 thor 's heart pounded . 
 he knew this meant him : he was on duty . 
 he spun and looked at the rack , and grabbed the weapon that seemed most appropriate . 
 as he grabbed its leather shaft , he prayed he chose correctly . 
 he burst onto the lane and could feel thousands of eyes on him . 
 he ran and ran , for all he was worth , wanting to reach erec , and finally placing it into his hand . 
 he was proud to see he reached him first . 
 erec took his spear and spun , prepared to face the other knight . 
 erec , being the honorable warrior that he was , waited until the other knight was armed before attacking . 
 thor hurried off to the side , out of the men 's way , not wanting to repeat feithgold 's mistake . 
 as he did , he grabbed feithgold 's limp body and dragged him back , out of harm 's way . 
 as thor watched , he sensed something was wrong . 
 the knight took his spear , raised it straight up , then began to bring it down in a strange motion . 
 as he did , suddenly , thor felt his world go into focus in a way he never had . 
 he intuited that something wrong . 
 his eyes locked on the knight 's spear tip , and as he looked closely , he realized it was loose . 
 the knight was about to use the tip of his spear as a throwing knife . 
 as the knight brought down his spear , the tip became detached and went flying through the air . 
 it tumbled through the air , end over end , and was heading right for erec 's heart . 
 in moments , erec would be dead - and there was no way he could react in time . 
 in that moment , thor felt his whole body warming . 
 he felt a tingling sensation - it was the same sensation he 'd experienced back in darkwood , before the sybold . 
 his whole world slowed . 
 he was able to see the tip spinning in slow motion , was able to feel an energy , a heat , rising within him - one he did n't know he had . 
 he stepped forward and felt bigger than the spear . 
 in his mind , he willed it to stop . 
 he demanded it to stop . 
 he did not want to see erec hurt . 
 especially not this way . 
 `` no ! '' '' 
 thor shrieked . 
 he took another step , and held out his palm , aimed at the spear tip . 
 as he did , suddenly , the tip stopped and hung there , in mid-air , right before reaching erec 's heart . 
 it then dropped harmlessly to the ground . 
 the two knights both turned and looked at thor - as did the two kings , as did the thousands of spectators . 
 he felt the whole world staring down at him , and realized they all just witnessed what he did . 
 they all knew he was not normal , that he had some sort of power , that he had influenced the games , had saved erec - and changed the fate of the kingdom . 
 thor stood there , rooted in place , wondering what just happened . 
 he knew now that he was n't the same as all these people . 
 he was different . 
 but who was he ? 
 thor found himself swept up , ushered through the crowd by reece , the king 's youngest son and his newfound sparring partner . 
 ever since the jousting match , it had been a blur . 
 whatever he had done back there , whatever power he had used to stop that spear point from killing erec , it had caught the attention of the entire kingdom . 
 the match had been stopped after that , called off by both kings , and a truce called . 
 each fighter retired to his side , the masses broke up in an agitated stir , and thor had found himself grabbed by the arm , and ushered off by reece . 
 he 'd been swept away in a royal entourage , cutting the back way through the masses , reece tugging at his arm as he went . 
 thor was still shaking from the day 's events . 
 he hardly understood what he had just done back there , how it had influenced things . 
 he had just wanted to be anonymous , just another one of the king 's legion . 
 he had not wanted to be the center of attention . 
 worse , he did n't know where he was being led , if he was going to be punished somehow for interfering . 
 of course , he had saved erec 's life - but he had also interfered with a knight 's battle , which he knew was forbidden for a squire . 
 he did n't know if he would be rewarded or rebuked . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 reece asked , as he yanked him along . 
 thor followed blindly , trying to process it all himself . 
 as he went , the masses gawked , staring at him as if he were some kind of freak . 
 `` i do n't know , '' thor answered truthfully . 
 `` i just wanted to help him and ... it happened . '' 
 reece shook his head . 
 `` you saved erec 's life . 
 do you realize that ? 
 he is our most famed knight . 
 and you saved him . '' 
 thor felt good as he turned reece 's words over in his head , felt a wave of relief . 
 he had liked reece from the moment he 'd met him ; he had a calming effect , always knowing what to say . 
 as he pondered it , he realized maybe he was not in for punishment after all . 
 maybe , in some ways , they would view him as a sort of hero . 
 `` i did n't try to do anything , '' thor said . 
 `` i just wanted him to live . 
 it was just ... natural . 
 it was no big deal . '' 
 `` no big deal ? '' 
 reece echoed . 
 `` i could n't have done it . 
 none of us could have . '' 
 they turned the corner , and thor saw before them the king 's castle , sprawled out , reaching high into the sky . 
 it looked monumental . 
 the king 's army stood at attention , lining the cobblestone road leading over the drawbridge , keeping the masses at bay . 
 they stepped aside to allowed reece and thor past . 
 the two of them walked along the road , soldiers on either side , right to the huge arched doors , covered in iron bolts . 
 four soldiers pulled it open and stepped aside , at attention . 
 thor could not believe the treatment he was receiving : he felt as if he were a member of the royal family . 
 they entered the castle , the doors closing behind them , and thor was amazed at the sight before him : the inside was immense , with soaring stone walls a foot thick and vast , open rooms . 
 before him milled hundreds of members of the royal court , rambling about in an excited stir . 
 he could sense the buzz and excitement in the air , and all eyes turned and looked at him as he entered . 
 he felt overwhelmed by the attention . 
 they all huddled close , seemed to gawk as he went with reece down the castle corridors . 
 he had never seen so many people dressed in such fineries . 
 he saw dozens of girls , of all ages , dressed in elaborate outfits , locking arms and whispering in each other 's ears and giggling at him as he went . 
 he felt self-conscious . 
 he could n't tell if they liked him , or if they were making fun of him . 
 he was not used to being the center of attention - much less in a royal court - and hardly knew how to handle himself . 
 `` why are they laughing at me ? '' 
 he asked reece . 
 reece turned and chuckled . 
 `` they 're not laughing at you , '' he said . 
 `` they have taken a liking to you . 
 you 're famous . '' 
 `` famous ? '' 
 he asked , stunned . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 i just got here . '' 
 reece laughed and clasped a hand on his shoulder . 
 he was clearly amused by thor . 
 `` word spreads faster in the royal court than you might imagine . 
 and a newcomer like yourself - well , this does not happen every day . '' 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 he asked , realizing he was being led somewhere . 
 `` my father wants to meet you , '' he said , as they turned down a new corridor . 
 thor swallowed . 
 `` your father ? 
 you mean ... the king ? '' 
 suddenly , he was nervous . 
 `` why would he want to meet me ? 
 are you sure ? '' 
 reece laughed . 
 `` i am quite sure . 
 stop being so nervous . 
 it 's just my dad . '' 
 `` just your dad ? '' 
 thor said , unbelieving . 
 `` he 's the king ! '' 
 `` he 's not that bad . 
 i have a feeling it will be a happy audience . 
 you saved erec 's life , after all . '' 
 thor swallowed hard , his palms sweaty , as another large door opened , and they entered a vast hall . 
 he looked up in awe at the ceiling , arched , covered in an elaborate design and soaring high . 
 the walls were lined with arched , stained glass windows , and if possible , even more people were crammed into this room . 
 there must have been a thousand of them , and the room positively swarmed . 
 banquet tables stretched across the room , as far as the eye could see , people sitting on endlessly long benches , dining . 
 between these was a narrow aisle with a long , red carpet , leading to a platform on which sat the royal throne . 
 the crowd parted ways as reece and thor walked down the carpet , towards the king . 
 `` and where do you think you 're taking him ? '' 
 came a hostile , nasally voice . 
 thor looked up to see a man standing over him , not much older than he was , dressed in a royal garb , clearly a prince , blocking their way and scowling down . 
 `` it 's father 's orders , '' reece snapped back . 
 `` better get out of our way , unless you want to defy them . '' 
 the prince stood his ground , frowning , looking as if he 'd bit into something rotten as he examined thor . 
 thor did not like him at all : there was something he did not trust about him , with his lean , unkind features and eyes which never stopped darting . 
 `` this is not a hall for commoners , '' the prince replied . 
 `` you should leave the riffraff outside , where it came from . '' 
 thor felt his chest tighten . 
 clearly this man hated him , and he had no idea why . 
 `` shall i tell father you said that ? '' 
 reece defended , standing his ground . 
 grudgingly , the prince turned and stormed away . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 thor asked reece , as they continued walking . 
 `` never mind him , '' reece replied . 
 `` he 's just my older brother - or one of them . 
 gareth . 
 the oldest . 
 well , not really the oldest - he 's just the oldest legitimate one . 
 kendrick , who you met on the battleground - he is really the oldest . '' 
 `` why does gareth hate me ? 
 i do n't even know him . '' 
 `` do n't worry - he does n't only reserve his hate for you . 
 he hates everybody . 
 and anyone who gets close to the family , he sees as a threat . 
 never mind him . 
 he is but one of many . '' 
 as they continued walking , thor felt increasingly grateful to reece , who , he was realizing , was becoming a true friend . 
 `` why did you stand up for me ? '' 
 thor asked , curious . 
 reece shrugged . 
 `` i was ordered to bring you to father . 
 besides , you 're my sparring partner . 
 and it 's been a long time since someone came through my age here who i thought could be worthy . '' 
 `` but what makes me worthy ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` it 's the fighter 's spirit . 
 it can not be faked . '' 
 as they continued to walk down the aisle , towards the king , thor felt as if he 'd always known him - it was strange , but in some ways he felt as if he were his own brother . 
 he had never had a brother - not a real brother , and it felt good . 
 `` my other brothers are not like him , do n't worry , '' reece said as people flocked around them , trying to catch a glimpse of thor . 
 `` my brother kendrick , the one you met - he 's the best of all . 
 he 's my half-brother , but i consider him a true brother - even more than gareth . 
 kendrick is like a second father to me . 
 he will be to you , too , i am sure of it . 
 there is nothing he would not do for me - or for anyone . 
 he is the most loved of our royal family among the people . 
 it is a great loss that he is not allowed to become king . '' 
 `` you said ` brothers . ' 
 you have another brother , too ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 reece took a deep breath . 
 `` i have one other , yes . 
 we are not that close . 
 godfrey . 
 unfortunately , he wastes his days in the alehouse , with the commoners . 
 he 's not a fighter , like us . 
 he 's not interested in it - he 's not interested in anything , really . 
 except ale - and the ladies . '' 
 suddenly , they stopped short , as a girl blocked their way . 
 thor stood there , transfixed . 
 perhaps a couple of years older than him , she stared back with blue , almond eyes , perfect skin , and long , strawberry hair . 
 she was dressed in a white satin dress , bordered by lace , and her eyes positively glowed , dancing with joy and mischief . 
 she locked her eyes on his , and it held him completely captivated . 
 he could n't move if he wanted to . 
 she was the most beautiful person he had ever seen . 
 she smiled , displaying perfect white teeth - and as if he were n't transfixed already , her smile held him there , lit up his heart in a single gesture . 
 he never felt so alive . 
 thor stood there , speechless , unable to speak . 
 unable to breathe . 
 it was the first time in his life that he 'd ever felt this way . 
 `` and are n't you going to introduce me ? '' 
 she asked reece . 
 her voice went right into him - it was even more sweet than her appearance . 
 reece sighed . 
 `` and then there 's my sister , '' he said with a smile . 
 `` gwen , this is thor . 
 thor , gwen . '' 
 gwen curtsied . 
 `` how do you do ? '' 
 she asked with a smile . 
 thor stood there , frozen . 
 finally , gwen giggled . 
 `` not so many words at once , please , '' she said with a laugh . 
 thor felt himself redden ; he cleared his throat . 
 `` i am ... i. . . 
 am ... sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm thor . '' 
 gwen giggled . 
 `` i know that already , '' she said . 
 she turned to her brother . 
 `` my , reece , your friend certainly has a way with words . '' 
 `` father wants to meet him , '' he said impatiently . 
 `` we are going to be late . '' 
 as thor stood there , he wanted to speak to her , to tell her how beautiful she was , how happy he was to meet her , how grateful he was that she had stopped . 
 but his tongue was completely tied . 
 he had never been this nervous in his life . 
 so , instead , all that came out was : `` thank you . '' 
 gwen giggled , laughing harder . 
 `` thank you for what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her eyes lit up . 
 clearly , she was enjoying this . 
 thor felt himself redden again . 
 `` um ... i do n't know , '' he mumbled . 
 gwen laughed harder , and thor felt humiliated . 
 reece elbowed him , prodded him on , and the two continued to walk . 
 after a few steps , thor checked back over his shoulder . 
 gwen still stood there , staring back at him . 
 thor felt his heart pounding . 
 he wanted to talk to her , to find out everything about her . 
 he was so embarrassed for his loss of words . 
 but he had never been exposed to girls , really , in his small village - and certainly never exposed to a girl so beautiful . 
 he had never been taught exactly what to say , how to act . 
 `` she talks a lot , '' reece said , as they continued , approaching the king . 
 `` never mind her . '' 
 `` what is her name ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 reece gave him a funny look . 
 `` she just told you ! '' 
 he said with a laugh . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... i. . . 
 uh ... i forgot , '' thor said , embarrassed . 
 `` gwendolyn . 
 but everyone calls her gwen . '' 
 gwendolyn . 
 thor turned her name over and over in his head . 
 gwendolyn . 
 gwen . 
 he did not want to let it go . 
 he wanted it to linger in his consciousness . 
 he wondered if he would have a chance to see her again . 
 he guessed probably not , being a commoner . 
 the thought hurt him . 
 the crowd grew quiet as thor looked up and realized they were now close to the king . 
 king macgil sat on his throne , dressed in his royal purple mantle , wearing his crown , and looked imposing . 
 reece kneeled before him , and the crowd quieted . 
 thor followed . 
 a silence blanketed the room . 
 the king cleared his throat , a deep , hearty noise . 
 as he spoke , his voice boomed throughout the room . 
 `` thorgrin of the lowlands of the southern province of the western kingdom , '' he began . 
 `` do you realize that today you interfered with the king 's royal joust ? '' 
 thor felt his throat go dry . 
 he hardly knew how to respond ; it was not a good way to begin . 
 he wondered if he was going to be punished . 
 `` i am sorry , my liege , '' he finally said . 
 `` i did n't mean to . '' 
 macgil leaned forward and raised one eyebrow . 
 `` you did n't mean to ? 
 are you saying you did n't mean to save erec 's life ? '' 
 thor was flustered . 
 he realized he was just making it worse . 
 `` no my liege . 
 i did mean to - '' `` so then you admit you did mean to interfere ? '' 
 thor felt his heart pounding . 
 what could he say ? 
 `` i am sorry , my liege . 
 i guess i just ... wanted to help . '' 
 `` wanted to help ? '' 
 macgil boomed , then leaned back and roared with laughter . 
 `` you wanted to help ! 
 erec ! 
 our greatest and most famed knight ! '' 
 the room erupted with laughter , and thor felt his face redden , one too many times for one day . 
 could he do nothing right here ? 
 `` stand and come closer boy , '' macgil ordered . 
 thor looked up in surprise to see the king smiling down , studying him , as he stood and approached . 
 `` i spot nobility in your face . 
 you are not a common boy . 
 no , not common at all ... '' macgil cleared his throat . 
 `` erec is our most loved knight . 
 what you have done today is a great thing . 
 a great thing for us all . 
 as a reward , from this day , i take you in as part of my family , with all the same respects and honors due to any of my sons . '' 
 the king leaned back and boomed : `` let it be known ! '' 
 there came a huge cheer and stomping of feet throughout the room . 
 thor looked around , flustered , hardly able to process all that was happening to him . 
 part of the king 's family . 
 it was beyond his wildest dreams . 
 all he had wanted was to be accepted , to be given a spot in the legion . 
 now , this . 
 he was so overwhelmed with gratitude , with joy , he hardly knew what to do . 
 before he could respond , suddenly the room broke into song and dance and feast , people celebrating all around him . 
 it was mayhem . 
 he looked up at the king , saw the love in his eyes , the adoration and acceptance , and hardly knew what he had done to deserve it . 
 he had never felt the love of a father figure in his life . 
 and now here he was , loved not just by a man , but by the king no less . 
 overnight , his world had changed . 
 he only prayed that all of this was real . 
 gwendolyn hurried through the crowd , pushing her way , wanting to catch site of the boy before he was ushered out of the royal court . 
 thor . 
 her heart beat faster at the thought of him , and she could not stop turning his name over in her head . 
 she had been unable to stop thinking about him from the moment she had encountered him . 
 he was younger than her , but not by more than a year or two - and besides , he had an air about him that made him seem older , more mature than the others , more profound . 
 from the moment she had seen him , she had felt she had known him . 
 she smiled to herself as she remembered meeting him , how flustered he was . 
 she could see in his eyes that he felt the same way about her . 
 of course , she did not even know the boy . 
 but she had witnessed what he had done on the jousting lane , had seen what a liking her younger brother had taken to him . 
 she had watched him ever since , sensing there was something special about him , something different than the others . 
 when she met him , it had only confirmed it . 
 he was different than all these royal types , different than all the people born and bred here . 
 there was something refreshingly genuine about him . 
 he was an outsider . 
 a commoner . 
 but oddly , with a royal bearing . 
 it was as if he were too proud for what he was . 
 gwen shoved her way to the upper balcony 's edge , and looked down : below was spread out the royal court , and she caught a last glimpse of the boy as he was ushered out , her brother , reece , by his side . 
 they were surely heading to the barracks , to train with the other boys . 
 she felt a pang of regret , already wondering , scheming , how she could arrange to see him again . 
 gwen had to know more about him . 
 she had to find out . 
 for that , she would have to speak to the one woman who knew everything about anyone and everything going on in the kingdom : her mother . 
 gwen turned and cut her way back through the crowd , twisting through the back corridors of the castle she knew by heart . 
 her head spun . 
 it had been a dizzying day . 
 first , the morning 's meeting with her father , his shocking news that he wanted her to rule his kingdom . 
 she was completely caught off guard , had never expected it in a million years . 
 she still could hardly process it now . 
 how could she ever possibly rule a kingdom ? 
 she pushed the thought from her mind , hoping that day would never come . 
 after all , her father was healthy and strong , and more than anything , all she wanted was for him to live . 
 to be here , with her . 
 to be happy . 
 but she could not push the meeting from her mind . 
 somewhere , back there , lurking , was the seed planted that one day , whenever that day should come , she would be next . 
 she would succeed him . 
 not any of her brothers . 
 but her . 
 it terrified her ; it also gave her a sense of importance , of confidence , unlike any she 'd ever had . 
 he had found her fit to rule , her - her - to be the wisest of them all . 
 she wondered why . 
 it also , in some ways , worried her . 
 she assumed it would stir up a huge amount of resentment and envy , her , a girl , being chosen to rule . 
 already , she could feel gareth 's envy . 
 and that scared her . 
 she knew her older brother to be terribly manipulative , and completely unforgiving . 
 she knew he would stop at nothing until he got what he wanted . 
 and she hated the idea of being in his sights . 
 she had tried to talk to him after the meeting , but he would not even look at her . 
 gwen ran down the spiral staircase , twisting and turning , her shoes echoing on the stone . 
 she turned down another corridor , passed through the rear chapel , through another door , passed several guards , and entered the private chambers of the castle . 
 she had to speak with her mother , and she knew she would be resting here , as she saw her slipping out of the feast . 
 her mother had little tolerance for these long social affairs anymore . 
 she knew that she liked to slip out to her private chambers and rest as often as possible . 
 gwen passed another guard , went down another hall , then finally stopped before the door to her mother 's dressing room . 
 she was about to open it , but then she stopped . 
 behind the open door , she heard muted voices , their pitch rising , and sensed something wrong . 
 it was her mother , arguing . 
 she listened closely , and heard her father 's voice . 
 they were fighting . 
 but why ? 
 gwen knew she should not be listening - but she could not help herself . 
 she reached out and gently pushed open the heavy oak door , grabbing it by its iron knocker . 
 she opened it just a crack and listened . 
 `` he wo n't stay in my house , '' her mother snapped , on edge . 
 `` you rush to judgment , when you do n't even know the entire story . '' 
 `` i know the story , '' she snapped back . 
 `` enough of it . '' 
 gwen heard venom in her mother 's voice , and was taken aback . 
 she rarely heard her parents fight - just a few times in her life - and she had never heard her mother so worked up . 
 she could not understand why . 
 `` he will stay in the barracks , with the other boys . 
 i do not want him under my roof . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 she pressed . 
 `` it is a big castle , '' her father spat back . 
 `` his presence will not be noticed by you . '' 
 `` i do n't care if it is noticed or not . 
 i do n't want him here . 
 he 's your problem . 
 it was you who chose to bring him in . '' 
 `` you are not so innocent either , '' her father retorted . 
 she heard footsteps , watched her father strut across the room and out the door on the other side , slamming it behind him so hard that the room shook . 
 her mother stood there , alone in the center of the room , and began to cry . 
 gwen stood there and felt terrible . 
 she did n't know what to do . 
 on the one hand , she thought it best to slip away , but on the other , she could n't stand the sight of her mother crying , could n't stand to leave her there like that . 
 she also , for the life of her , could not understand what they were arguing about . 
 she assumed they were arguing about thor . 
 but why ? 
 why would her mother even care ? 
 dozens of people lived under their roof . 
 gwen could n't bring herself to just walk away , not with her mother in that state . 
 she had to comfort her . 
 she reached up and gently pushed the door open . 
 it creaked , and her mother wheeled , caught off guard . 
 she scowled back . 
 `` do you not knock ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 gwen could see how upset she was , and felt terrible . 
 `` what 's wrong mother ? '' 
 gwen asked , walking towards her gently . 
 `` i do n't mean to pry , but i heard you arguing with father . '' 
 `` you are right : you should n't pry , '' her mother retorted . 
 gwen was surprised : her mother was often a handful , but was rarely like this . 
 the force of her anger made gwen stop in her tracks , a few feet away , unsure . 
 `` is it about the new boy ? 
 thor ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her mother turned and looked away , wiping a tear . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' gwen pressed . 
 `` why would you care where he stayed ? '' 
 `` my matters are of no concern to you , '' she said coldly , clearly wanting to end the matter . 
 `` what do you want ? 
 why have you come here ? '' 
 gwen was nervous now . 
 she wanted her mother to tell her everything about thor , but she could n't have picked a worse moment . 
 she cleared her throat , hesitant . 
 `` i. . . 
 actually wanted to ask you about him . 
 what do you know of him ? '' 
 her mother turned and narrowed her eyes at her , suspicious . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked , with deadly seriousness . 
 gwen could feel her summing her up , looking right through her , and seeing with her uncanny perception that gwen liked him . 
 she tried to hide her feelings , but knew it was no use . 
 `` i 'm just curious , '' she said , unconvincingly . 
 suddenly , the queen took three steps towards her , grabbed her arms roughly , and stared into her face . 
 `` listen to me , '' she hissed . 
 `` i 'm only going to say this once . 
 stay away from that boy . 
 do you hear me ? 
 i do n't want you anywhere near him , under any circumstance . '' 
 gwen was horrified . 
 `` but why ? 
 he 's a hero . '' 
 `` he is not one of us , '' her mother answered . 
 `` despite what your father might think . 
 i want you to keep away from him . 
 do you hear me ? 
 vow to me . 
 vow to me right now . '' 
 `` i will not vow , '' gwen said , yanking her arm away from her mother 's too strong grip . 
 `` he is a commoner , and you are princess , '' her mother yelled . 
 `` you are a princess . 
 do you understand ? 
 if i hear of you going anywhere near him , i will have him exiled from here . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 gwen hardly knew how to respond . 
 she had never seen her mother like this . 
 `` do not tell me what to do , mother , '' she said , finally . 
 gwen did her best to put on a brave voice , but deep inside she was trembling . 
 she had come here wanting to know everything ; now , she felt terrified . 
 she did not understand what was happening . 
 `` do as you wish , '' her mother said . 
 `` but his fate lies in your hands . 
 do n't forget it . '' 
 with that , her mother turned , strutted from the room , and slammed it behind her , leaving gwen all alone in the reverberating silence , her good mood shattered . 
 she stood there and wondered . 
 what could possibly elicit such a strong reaction from her mother and her father ? 
 who was this boy ? 
 macgil sat in the banquet hall , watching over his subjects , he at one end of the table and cloud at the other , and hundreds of men from both clans between them . 
 the wedding revelries had been going on for hours , and finally , the tension between the clans had settled down from the day 's jousting . 
 as macgil suspected , all the men needed was wine and meat - and women - to make them forget their differences . 
 now they all mingled at the same table , like brothers in arms . 
 in fact , looking them over , macgil could no longer even tell they were of two separate clans . 
 macgil felt vindicated : his master plan was working after all . 
 already , the two clans seemed closer . 
 he had managed to do what a long line of macgil kings before him could not : to unify both sides of the ring , to make them , if not friends , then at least peaceful neighbors . 
 he spotted his daughter , luanda , arm in arm with her new husband , the mccloud prince , and she seemed content . 
 his guilt lessened . 
 he might have given her away - but he did , at least , give her a queenship . 
 macgil thought back to all the planning that preceded this event , recalled the long days of arguing with his advisors . 
 he had gone against the advice of all his counselors in arranging this union . 
 he knew it was not an easy peace . 
 he knew that , in time , the mclouds would settle in on their side of the highlands , that this wedding would be long forgotten , and that one day they would stir with unrest . 
 he was not naive . 
 but now , at least , there was a blood tie between the clans - and especially when a child was born , that could not be so easily ignored . 
 if that child flourished , and one day even ruled , a child born of two sides of the ring , then perhaps , one day , the entire ring could be united , the highlands would no longer be a border of contention , and the land could prosper under one rule . 
 that was his dream . 
 not for himself , but for his descendants . 
 after all , the ring had to stay strong , needed to stay unified in order to protect the canyon , to fight off the hordes of the world beyond . 
 as long as the two clans remained divided , they presented a weakened front to the rest of the world . 
 `` a toast , '' macgil shouted , and stood . 
 the table grew quiet as hundreds of men stood , too , raising their casks . 
 `` to the wedding of my eldest child ! 
 to the union of the macgils and mcclouds ! 
 to peace throughout the ring ! '' 
 `` here here ! '' 
 came a chorus of shouts , and everyone drank and the room once again filled with the noise of laughter and feasting . 
 macgil sat back and surveyed the room , looking for his other children . 
 there , of course , was godfrey , drinking with two fists , a girl on each shoulder , surrounded by his miscreant friends . 
 this was probably the one royal event he had ever willingly attended . 
 there was gareth , sitting too closely to his lover , firth , whispering in his ear ; macgil could see from his darting , restless eyes , that he was plotting something . 
 the thought of it made his stomach turn , and he looked away . 
 there , on the far side of the room , was his youngest son , reece , feasting at the squires ' table , with the new boy , thor . 
 he already felt like a son , and he was pleased to see his youngest was fast friends with him . 
 he scanned the faces for his younger daughter , gwendolyn , and finally found her , sitting off to the side , surrounded by her handmaids , giggling . 
 he followed her gaze , and noticed she was watching thor . 
 he examined her for a long time , and realized she was smitten . 
 he had not foreseen this , and he was not quite sure what to make of it . 
 he sensed trouble there . 
 especially from his wife . 
 `` all things are not what they seem , '' came a voice . 
 macgil turned to see argon sitting by his side , watching the two clans dining together . 
 `` what do you make of all this ? '' 
 macgil asked . 
 `` will there be peace in the kingdoms ? '' 
 `` peace is never static , '' argon said . 
 `` it ebbs and flows , like the tides . 
 what you see before you is the veneer of peace . 
 you see one side of its face . 
 you 're trying to force peace on an ancient rivalry . 
 but there are hundreds of years of spilled blood . 
 the souls cry out for vengeance . 
 and that can not be appeased with a single marriage . '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 macgil asked , taking another gulp of his wine , feeling nervous , as he often did around argon . 
 argon turned and stared at him with an intensity so strong , it struck panic into macgil 's heart . 
 `` there will be war . 
 the mcclouds will attack . 
 prepare yourself . 
 all of the house guests you see before you will soon be doing their best to murder your family . '' 
 macgil gulped . 
 `` did i make the wrong decision to marry her off to them ? '' 
 argon was silent for a while , until finally he said : `` not necessarily . '' 
 argon looked away , and macgil could see that he was finished with the topic . 
 he was disappointed , because there were a million questions he wanted answered : but he knew his sorcerer would not answer them until he was ready . 
 so instead , he watched argon 's eyes , and realized that they were watching his other daughter . 
 gwendolyn . 
 he looked , too , and saw gwendolyn watching thor . 
 `` do you see them together ? '' 
 macgil asked , suddenly curious to know . 
 `` perhaps , '' argon answered . 
 `` there is still much yet to be decided . '' 
 `` you speak in riddles . '' 
 argon shrugged and looked away , and macgil realized he would n't get any more from him . 
 `` you saw what happened on the field today ? '' 
 macgil prodded . 
 `` with the boy ? '' 
 `` i saw it before it happened , '' argon replied . 
 `` and what do you make of it ? 
 what are the source of the boy 's powers ? 
 is he like you ? '' 
 argon turned and stared into macgil 's eyes , and the intensity of his stare almost made him look away . 
 `` he is far more powerful than me . '' 
 macgil stared back , shocked . 
 he had never heard argon speak like this . 
 `` more powerful ? 
 than you ? 
 how is that possible ? 
 you are the king 's sorcerer - there is no one more powerful than you in all the land . '' 
 argon shrugged . 
 `` power does not only come in one form , '' he said . 
 `` the boy has powers beyond what you can imagine . 
 powers beyond what he knows . 
 he has no idea who he is . 
 or where he hails from . '' 
 argon turned and stared at macgil . 
 `` but you do , '' he added . 
 macgil stared back , wondering . 
 `` do i ? '' 
 macgil asked . 
 `` tell me . 
 i need to know . '' 
 argon shook his head . 
 `` search your feelings . 
 they are true . '' 
 `` what will become of him ? '' 
 macgil asked . 
 `` he will become a great leader . 
 and a great warrior . 
 he will rule kingdoms in his own right . 
 far greater kingdoms than you . 
 and he will be a far greater king than you . 
 it is his destiny . '' 
 for a brief moment , macgil burned with envy . 
 he turned and examined the boy , laughing harmlessly with his son , at a table for squires , the commoner , the weak outsider , the youngest of the bunch . 
 he did n't imagine how it was possible . 
 looking at him now , he looked barely eligible to join the legion . 
 he wondered for a moment if argon was wrong . 
 but he knew that argon had never been wrong , and that he never made pronouncements without a reason . 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 macgil asked . 
 argon turned and stared at him . 
 `` because it is your time to prepare . 
 the boy needs to be trained . 
 he needs to be given the best of everything . 
 it is your responsibility . '' 
 `` mine ? 
 and what of his father ? '' 
 `` what of him ? '' 
 argon asked . 
 thor peeled open his eyes , disoriented , wondering where he was . 
 he lay on the floor , on a mound of straw , his face planted sideways , his arms dangling over his head . 
 he lifted his face , wiping the drool off , and immediately felt a stab of pain in his head , behind his eyes . 
 it was the worst headache of his life . 
 he remembered the night before , the king 's feast , the drinking , his first taste of ale . 
 the room was spinning . 
 his throat was dry , and at that moment he vowed he would never drink again . 
 thor looked around , trying to get his bearings in the cavernous barracks . 
 everywhere were bodies , lying on heaps of straw , the room filled with snoring ; he turned the other way , and saw reece , a few feet away , passed out , too . 
 it was then he realized : he was in the barracks . 
 the legion 's barracks . 
 all around him were boys about his age , and there looked to be about fifty of them . 
 thor vaguely remembered reece showing him the way , in the late hours of the morning , and his crashing on the mound of straw . 
 early morning light flooded in through the open windows , and thor soon realized he was the only one yet awake . 
 he looked down and saw he had slept in his clothes , and reached up and ran a hand through his greasy hair . 
 he would give anything for a chance to bathe - although he had no idea where . 
 and he would do anything for a pint of water . 
 his stomach rumbled , and he wanted food , too . 
 it was all so new to him . 
 he barely knew where he was , where life would take him next , what the routines were of the king 's legion . 
 he was happy . 
 it had been a dazzling night , one of the finest of his life . 
 he had found a close friend in reece , and he had caught gwendolyn looking at him once or twice . 
 he had tried to speak with her , but each time he approached , his courage failed . 
 he felt the pain of regret as he thought about it . 
 there had been too many people around . 
 if it was ever just the two of them , he would gain the courage . 
 but would there be a next time ? 
 before thor could finish the thought , there was a sudden banging on the wooden doors of the barracks , and a moment later , they crashed open , light flooding in . 
 `` to your feet , squires ! '' 
 came a shout . 
 in marched a dozen members of the king 's silver , chain mail rattling , banging on the wooden walls with metal staffs . 
 the noise was deafening , and all-around thor , the other boys jumped to their feet . 
 leading the group was a particularly fierce-looking soldier , the one thor recognized from the arena of the day before , the one reece had told him was named kolk , broad and stocky , with a bald head a short beard , and a scar running across his nose . 
 he seemed to be scowling right at thor as he raised a finger and pointed it at him . 
 `` you there boy ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 `` i said on your feet ! '' 
 thor was confused . 
 he was already standing . 
 `` but i 'm already on my feet , sire , '' thor answered . 
 kolk stepped forward and backhanded thor across the face . 
 thor stung with the indignation of it , as all eyes were on him . 
 `` do n't you talk back to your superior again ! '' 
 kolk reprimanded . 
 before thor could respond the men moved on , roaming through the room , yanking one boy after another to his feet , kicking some in the ribs who were too slow to get up . 
 `` do n't worry , '' came a reassuring voice . 
 he turned and saw reece standing there . 
 `` it is not personal to you . 
 it is just their way . 
 their way of breaking us down . '' 
 `` but they did n't do it to you , '' thor said . 
 `` of course , they wo n't touch me , because of my father . 
 but they wo n't exactly be polite , either . 
 they want us in shape , that 's all . 
 they think this will toughen us up . 
 do n't pay much attention to them . '' 
 the boys were all marched out of their barracks and thor and reece fell in with them . 
 as they stepped outside , the bright sunlight struck thor and he squinted and held up his hands . 
 suddenly , he was overwhelmed with a wave of nausea , and he turned , bent over , and threw up . 
 he could hear the snicker of boys all around him . 
 a guard pushed him , and thor stumbled forward , back in line with the others , wiping his mouth . 
 thor had never felt more awful . 
 beside him , reece smiled . 
 `` rough night , was it ? '' 
 he asked thor , grinning widely , elbowing him in the ribs . 
 `` i told you to stop after the second cask . '' 
 thor felt queasy as the light pierced his eyes ; it had never felt so strong as today . 
 it was a hot day already , and he could feel drops of sweat forming beneath his leathermail . 
 thor tried to remember back , to reece 's warning of the night before - but for the life of him , he could not remember . 
 `` i do n't remember any such advice , '' thor retorted . 
 reece grinned wider . 
 `` precisely . 
 that is because you did not listen . '' 
 reece chuckled . 
 `` and those ham-handed attempts to speak to my sister , '' he added . 
 `` it was positively pathetic , '' laughed . 
 `` i do n't think i 've ever seen a boy so fearful of a girl in my life . '' 
 thor reddened as he tried to remember . 
 but he could not . 
 it was all hazy to him . 
 `` i mean you no offense , '' thor said . 
 `` with your sister . '' 
 `` you can not offend me . 
 if she should choose you , i would be thrilled . '' 
 the two of them marched faster , as the group turned up a hill . 
 the sun seemed to be getting stronger with each step . 
 `` but i must warn you : every hand in the kingdom is after her . 
 the chances of her choosing you ... well , let 's just say they are remote . '' 
 as they walked faster , marching across the rolling green hills of king 's court , thor felt reassured . 
 he felt accepted by reece . 
 it was amazing to thor , but he continued to feel that reece was more of a brother to him than he 'd ever had . 
 as they walked , thor noticed his three real brothers , marching close by . 
 one of them turned and scowled back to him , then nudged his other brother , who looked back with a mocking grin . 
 they shook their heads , and turned away . 
 they had not so much as one kind word for thor . 
 but he hardly expected anything else . 
 `` get in line , legion ! 
 now ! '' 
 thor looked up and saw several more of the silver crowd around them , pushing the fifty of them into a tight line , double file . 
 one man came up behind and struck the boy in front of thor with a large bamboo rod , cracking him hard on the back ; the boy cried out , and fell more tightly in line . 
 soon they were in two neat rows , marching steadily through the king 's ground . 
 `` when you march into battle , you march as one ! '' 
 called out kolk , walking up and down the sides . 
 `` this is not your mother 's yard . 
 you are marching to war ! '' 
 thor marched and marched beside reece , sweating in the sun , wondering where they were being led . 
 his stomach still turned from the ale , and he wondered when he would have breakfast , when he would get something to drink . 
 once again , he cursed himself for drinking the night before . 
 as they went up and down the hills , through an arched stone gate , they finally reached the surrounding fields . 
 they passed through another arched stone gate , and finally entered a coliseum of sorts . 
 clearly , the training ground for the legion . 
 before them were all sorts of targets , for throwing spears , firing arrows , hurling rocks , and piles of straw for slashing swords . 
 thor 's heart quickened at the sight of it . 
 he wanted to get in there , to use the weapons , to train . 
 but as thor made his way towards the training area , suddenly he was elbowed in the ribs from behind , and a small group of six boys , most of them younger , like thor , were herded off the main line . 
 he found himself being split from reece , being led to the other side of the field . 
 `` think you 're going to train ? '' 
 kolk asked mockingly as they forked from the others , away from the targets . 
 `` it 's horses for you today . '' 
 thor looked up , and saw where they were headed : on the far side of the field , several horses pranced about . 
 kolk smiled down with an evil smile . 
 `` while the others hurl spears and wield swords , today you will tend horses and clean their waste . 
 we all have to start somewhere . 
 welcome to the legion . '' 
 thor 's heart fell . 
 this was not how he had seen it going at all . 
 `` you think you 're special boy ? '' 
 kolk asked , walking beside him , getting close to his face . 
 thor sensed that he was trying to break him . 
 `` just because the king and his son have taken a liking to you , does n't mean crap to me . 
 you 're in my command now . 
 you understand me ? 
 i do n't care about whatever fancy you pulled on the jousting ground . 
 you 're just another little boy . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 thor swallowed as he sensed that he was in for a long , hard training . 
 making matters worse , as soon as kolk drifted away to torture someone else , the boy in front of thor , a short stocky kid with a flat nose , turned and sneered at him . 
 `` you do n't belong here , '' he said . 
 `` you cheated your way in . 
 you were n't selected . 
 you 're not one of us . 
 not really . 
 none of us like you . '' 
 the boy beside him also turned and sneered at thor . 
 `` we 're going to do everything we can to make sure you drop out , '' he said . 
 `` getting in is easy next to staying in . '' 
 thor recoiled at their hatred . 
 he could n't believe he already had enemies , and did n't understand what he 'd done to deserve it . 
 all he 'd ever wanted was to join the legion . 
 `` why do n't you mind for yourself , '' came a voice . 
 thor looked over and saw a tall , skinny redhead boy , with freckles across his face and small green eyes , sticking up for him . 
 `` you two are stuck here shoveling with the rest of us , '' he added . 
 `` you 're not so special , either . 
 go pick on someone else . '' 
 `` you mind your business , lackey , '' one of the boys shot back , `` or we 'll be after you , too . '' 
 `` try it , '' the redhead snapped . 
 `` you 'll talk when i tell you to , '' kolk yelled at one of the boys , smacking him hard upside the head . 
 the two boys in front of thor , thankfully , turned back around . 
 thor hardly knew what to say ; he fell in beside the redhead , so grateful to him . 
 `` thank you , '' thor said . 
 the redhead turned and smiled at him . 
 `` name is o'connor . 
 i 'd shake your hand , but they 'd smack me if i did . 
 so take this as an invisible handshake . '' 
 he smiled wider , and thor instantly liked him . 
 `` do n't mind them , '' he added . 
 `` they 're just scared . 
 like the rest of us . 
 none of us quite knew what we were signing up for . '' 
 soon their group reached the end of the field , and thor looked up and saw six horses , prancing about . 
 `` take up the reins ! '' 
 kolk commanded . 
 `` hold them steady , and walk them around the arena until they break . 
 do it now ! '' 
 thor stepped forward to grab the reins from the horse 's mouth , and as he did , the horse stepped back and pranced , nearly kicking him . 
 thor , startled , stumbled back , and the others in the group laughed at him . 
 he felt himself smacked hard in the back of the head , and saw kolk , and felt like turning and hitting him back . 
 `` you are a member of the legion now . 
 you never retreat . 
 from anybody . 
 no man , no beast . 
 now take those reins ! '' 
 thor steeled himself , stepped forward , and grabbed the reins from the prancing horse . 
 he managed to hang on , while the horse yanked and pulled , and began to lead him around the wide dirt field , getting in line with the others . 
 his horse tugged at him , resisting , but thor tugged back , not giving up so easily . 
 `` it gets better , i hear . '' 
 thor turned to see o'connor coming up beside him , smiling . 
 `` they want to break us , you know ? '' 
 suddenly , thor 's horse stopped . 
 no matter how much he yanked it , this time , it would not budge . 
 then thor smelled something awful ; he looked back , and saw more waste coming from the horse than he ever imagined possible . 
 it did not seem to end . 
 thor felt a small shovel cast into his palm , and looked over to see kolk beside him , smiling down . 
 `` clean it up ! '' 
 he snapped . 
 gareth stood in the crowded marketplace , wearing a cloak despite the midday sun , sweating beneath it , and trying to remain anonymous . 
 he always tried to avoid this part of king 's court , these crowded alleyways , which stank of humanity and common man . 
 all around him were people haggling , trading , trying to get one up on each other . 
 gareth stood at a corner stall , feigning interest in a vendor 's fruit , keeping his head low , his cloak on . 
 standing just a few feet away was firth , at the end of the dark alleyway , doing what they had come here to do . 
 gareth stood within earshot of the conversation , keeping his back to him so as not to be seen . 
 firth had told him of a man , a mercenary , who would sell him a poison vial . 
 gareth wanted something strong , something certain to do the trick . 
 no chances could be taken . 
 after all , his own life was on the line . 
 it was hardly the sort of thing he could ask the local apothecary for . 
 he had set firth to the task , who had reported back to him after testing out the black market . 
 after much pointing of the way , firth had lead them to this slovenly character , who he spoke with now , furtively , at the end of the alleyway . 
 gareth had insisted on coming along for their final transaction , to make sure everything went smoothly , to make sure he was not being swindled and given a false potion . 
 plus , he was still not completely assured of firth 's competence . 
 some matters , he just had to take care of himself . 
 they had been waiting for this man for half an hour now , gareth getting jostled in the busy market , praying he was not recognized . 
 even if he was , he figured , as long as he kept his back to the alley , if someone should know who he was , he could merely walk away , and no one would make the connection . 
 `` where is the vial ? '' 
 firth , just a few feet away , asked the cretin . 
 gareth turned just a bit , so as not to be noticed , and peaked from the corner of his cloak . 
 standing there , opposite firth , was an evil-looking man , slovenly , too thin , with sunken cheeks and huge black eyes . 
 he looked something like a rat . 
 he stared down at firth , unblinking . 
 `` where 's the money ? '' 
 he responded . 
 gareth hoped firth would handle this well : he usually managed to screw things up somehow . 
 `` i shall give you the money when you give me the vial , '' firth held his ground . 
 good , gareth thought , impressed . 
 there was a thick moment of silence , then : `` give me half the money now , and i will tell you where the vial is . '' 
 `` where it is ? '' 
 firth echoed , his voice rising in surprise . 
 `` you said i would have it . '' 
 `` i said you would have it , yes . 
 i did not say i would bring it . 
 do you take me for a fool ? 
 spies are everywhere . 
 i know not what you intend - but i assume it is not trivial . 
 after all , why else buy a vial of poison ? '' 
 firth paused , and gareth knew he was caught off guard . 
 finally , gareth heard the distinct noise of coins clacking , and peeked over and saw the royal gold pouring from firth 's pouch , into the man 's palm . 
 gareth waited , the seconds stretching forever , increasingly worried they were being had for . 
 `` you 'll take the blackwood , '' the man finally responded . 
 `` at your third mile , fork on the path that leads up the hill . 
 at the top , fork again , this time to the left . 
 you will go through the darkest would you have ever seen , then arrive at a small clearing . 
 the witch 's cottage . 
 she will be waiting for you - with the vial you desire . '' 
 gareth peeked from his hood , and saw firth prepare to leave . 
 as he did , the man reached out , and suddenly grabbed him hard by his shirt . 
 `` the money , '' the man growled . 
 `` it is not enough . '' 
 gareth could see the fear spread across firth 's face , and regretted having sent him for this task . 
 this slovenly character must have detected his fear - and now he was taking advantage . 
 firth was just not cut out for the sort of thing . 
 `` but i gave you precisely what you asked for , '' firth protested , his voice rising too high . 
 he sounded effeminate . 
 and this seemed to embolden the man . 
 the man grinned back , evil . 
 `` but now i ask for more . '' 
 firth 's eyes opened wide with fear , and uncertainty . 
 then , suddenly , firth turned and looked right at him . 
 gareth turned away , hoping it was not too late , hoping he was not spotted . 
 how could firth be so stupid ? 
 he prayed he had not given him away . 
 as gareth stood there , his back to them , his heart pounded as he waited . 
 he anxiously fingered the fruit , pretending to be interested . 
 there was an interminable silence behind him , as gareth imagined all the things that might go wrong . 
 please , do n't let him come this way , gareth prayed to himself . 
 please . 
 i 'll do anything . 
 i 'll abandon the plot . 
 then , suddenly , he felt a rough palm slap him on his back . 
 he spun and looked . 
 the cretin stared back , his large black , soulless eyes staring into his . 
 `` you did n't tell me you had a partner , '' the man growled . 
 `` or are you a spy ? '' 
 the man reached out before gareth could react , and yanked down gareth 's hood . 
 he got a good look at gareth 's face , and his eyes opened wide in shock . 
 `` the royal prince , '' the man stumbled . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 a second later , the man 's eyes narrowed in recognition , and he answered himself , with a small , satisfied smile , piecing together the whole plot instantly . 
 he was much smarter than gareth had hoped . 
 `` i see , '' the man said . 
 `` this vial - it was for you , was n't it ? 
 you aim to poison someone , do n't you ? 
 but who ? 
 yes , that is the question ... '' gareth 's face flushed with anxiety . 
 this man - he was too quick . 
 it was too late . 
 his whole world was unraveling around him . 
 firth had screwed it up . 
 if this man gave gareth away , he would be sentenced to death . 
 `` your father , maybe ? '' 
 the man asked , his eyes lighting in recognition . 
 `` yes , that must be it , must n't it ? 
 you were passed over . 
 your father . 
 you aim to kill your father . '' 
 gareth had had enough . 
 without hesitating , he stepped forward , pulled a small dagger from inside his cloak , and plunged it into the man 's chest . 
 the man gasped . 
 gareth did n't want any passersby to witness this : he grabbed the man by his tunic and pulled him close , ever closer , until their faces were almost touching , until he could smell his rotten breath . 
 with his free hand , he reached up and clamped the man 's mouth shut , before he could cry out . 
 gareth felt the man 's hot blood trickling on his palm , running through his fingers . 
 firth came up beside him and let out a horrified cry . 
 gareth held the man there , like that , for a good sixty seconds , until finally , he felt him slumping in his arms . 
 he let him collapse , limp , a heap on the ground . 
 gareth spun all around , wondering if he had been seen ; luckily , no heads turned in this busy marketplace , in this dark alley . 
 he removed his cloak , and threw it over the lifeless heap . 
 `` i am so sorry , so sorry , so sorry , '' firth kept repeating , like a little girl , crying hysterically and shaking as he approached gareth . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 gareth reached up and backhanded him . 
 `` shut your mouth and be gone from here , '' he hissed . 
 firth turned and hurried off . 
 gareth prepared to leave , but then stopped and turned back . 
 he had one thing left to do : he reached down , grabbed his sack of coins from the dead man 's hand , and stuffed it back into his waistband . 
 the man would not be needing this . 
 gareth walked quickly through the forest trail , firth beside him , his hood pulled over his head , despite the heat . 
 he could hardly conceive that he now found himself in exactly the situation he had wanted to avoid . 
 now there was a dead body , a trail . 
 who knows who that man may have talked to . 
 firth should have been more circumspect in his dealings with the man . 
 now , the trail could end up leading back to gareth . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' firth said , hurrying to catch up beside him . 
 gareth ignored him , doubling his pace , seething . 
 `` what you did was foolish , and weak , '' gareth said . 
 `` you never should have glanced my way . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to . 
 i did n't know what to do when he demanded more money . '' 
 firth was right : it was a tricky situation . 
 the man was a selfish , greedy pig and he changed the rules of the game and deserved to die . 
 gareth shed no tears over him . 
 he only prayed that no one had witnessed the murder . 
 the last thing he needed was a trail . 
 there would be tremendous scrutiny in the wake of his father 's assassination , and he could not afford even the smallest trail of clues left to follow . 
 at least they were now in blackwood . 
 despite the summer sun , it was nearly dark in here , the towering eucalyptus trees blocking out every shaft of light . 
 it matched his mood . 
 gareth hated this place . 
 he continued hiking down the meandering trail , following the dead man 's directions . 
 he hoped the man was telling the truth , not leading them astray . 
 the whole thing could be a lie . 
 or it could be he was leading them to a trap , to some friend of his waiting to rob them of more money . 
 gareth chided himself . 
 he had put too much trust in firth . 
 he should have handled this all himself . 
 like he always did . 
 `` you better just hope that this trail leads us to the witch , '' gareth quipped , `` and that she has the poison . '' 
 they continued down trail after trail , until finally they reached a fork , just as the man said they would . 
 it boded well , and gareth was slightly relieved . 
 they followed it to the right , climbed a hill , and soon forked again . 
 his instructions were true , and before them was , indeed , the darkest patch of wood that gareth had ever seen . 
 the trees were impossibly thick , mangled . 
 gareth entered them , and felt an immediate chill up his skin , could feel the evil hanging in the air . 
 he could hardly believe it was still daylight . 
 just as he was getting scared , thinking of turning back , before him the trail ended in a small clearing . 
 it was lit up by a single shaft of sunlight that broke through the wood . 
 in its center was a small stone cottage . 
 the witch 's cottage . 
 gareth 's heart quickened . 
 as he entered the clearing , he looked around to make sure no one was watching , to make sure it was not a trap . 
 `` you see , he was telling the truth , '' firth said , excitement in his voice . 
 `` that means nothing , '' garrett chided . 
 `` remain outside , and stand guard . 
 knock if anyone enters . 
 and keep your mouth shut . '' 
 gareth did n't bother to knock on the small , arched wooden door before him . 
 instead , he grabbed the iron handle , yanked open the two-foot thick door , and ducked his head as he entered , closing it behind him . 
 it was dark in here , lit only by scattered candles in the room . 
 it was a single room cottage , devoid of windows , and he immediately felt enveloped by a heavy energy . 
 he stood there , stifled by the thick silence , preparing himself for anything . 
 he could feel the evil in here . 
 it made his skin crawl . 
 from out of the shadows he detected motion , then a noise . 
 hobbling towards him there appeared an old woman , shriveled up , hunchback . 
 she raised a candle and lit her face , and he could see it was covered in warts and lines . 
 she looked ancient , older than the gnarled trees that hovered over her cottage . 
 `` you wear a hood , even in blackness , '' she said , wearing a sinister smile , her voice sounding like crackling wood . 
 `` your mission is not innocent . '' 
 `` i 've come for a vial , '' gareth said quickly , trying to sound brave and confident , but hearing the quivering in his voice . 
 `` sheldrake root . 
 i 'm told you have it . '' 
 there was a long silence , followed by a horrific hackle . 
 it echoed in the small room . 
 `` whether or not i have it is not the question . 
 the question is : why do you want it ? '' 
 gareth 's heart pounded as he tried to formulate an answer . 
 `` why should you care ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 `` it amuses me to know who you are killing , '' she said . 
 `` that 's no business of yours . 
 i 've brought money for you . '' 
 gareth reached into his waistband , took out the bag of gold , in addition to the bag of gold he had given the dead man , and banged them both down on her small wooden table . 
 the sound of metallic coins rang in the room . 
 he prayed it would pacify her , that she would give him what he wanted and he could leave this place . 
 the witch reached out a single finger with a long , curved nail , picked up one of the bags and inspected it . 
 gareth held his breath , hoping she would ask no more . 
 `` this might be just enough to buy my silence , '' she said . 
 she turned and hobbled into the darkness . 
 there was a hissing noise , and beside a candle gareth could see her mixing liquid into a small , glass vial . 
 it bubbled over , and she put a cork on it . 
 time seemed to slow as gareth waited , increasingly impatient . 
 a million worries raced through his mind : what if he was discovered ? 
 right here , right now ? 
 what if she gave him the wrong vial ? 
 what if she told someone about him ? 
 had she recognized him ? 
 he could n't tell . 
 gareth was having increasing reservations about this whole thing . 
 he never knew how hard it could be to assassinate someone . 
 after what felt like an interminable silence , finally , she returned . 
 she held out the vial , so small it nearly disappeared into his palm . 
 `` such a small vial ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` can this do the trick ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` you 'd be amazed at how little it takes to kill a man . '' 
 gareth turned and began to head for the door , when suddenly he felt a cold finger on his shoulder . 
 he had no idea how she had managed to cross the room so quickly , and it terrified him . 
 he stood there , frozen , afraid to turn and look at her . 
 she stood there , inches away , grinning back . 
 she leaned in so close , an awful smell emanating from her , then suddenly reached up with both hands , grabbed his cheeks , and kissed him , pressing her shriveled lips hard against his . 
 gareth was revolted . 
 it was the most disgusting thing that had ever happened to him . 
 her lips were like the lips of a lizard , her tounge , which she pressed onto his , like that of a reptile . 
 he tried to pull away , but she held his face tight , pulling him harder , kissing him on the mouth . 
 finally , he managed to yank himself away . 
 he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand , as she leaned back and chuckled . 
 `` the first time you kill a man is the hardest , '' she said . 
 `` you will find it much easier the next time around . '' 
 gareth burst out of the cottage , back into the clearing , to find firth standing there , waiting for him . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 firth asked , concerned . 
 `` you look as if you 've been stabbed . 
 did she hurt you ? '' 
 gareth stood there , breathing hard , wiping his mouth again and again . 
 he hardly knew how to respond . 
 `` let 's get away from this place , '' he said . 
 `` now ! '' 
 as they began to move , to head out of the clearing into the black wood , suddenly the sun was obscured by clouds , racing across the sky , making the beautiful day cold and dark . 
 gareth looked up , and had never seen such thick , black clouds appear so quickly . 
 he knew that whatever was happening , it was not normal . 
 he worried about how deep the powers were of this witch , as he felt the cold wind rise in the summer day , creep up the back of his neck . 
 he could n't help but think that she had somehow possessed him with that kiss , cast some sort of curse on him . 
 `` what happened in there ? '' 
 firth pressed . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it , '' gareth said . 
 `` i do n't want to think about this day - ever again . '' 
 the two of them hurried back down the trail , down the hill , soon entering the main forest trail to head back towards king 's court . 
 just as gareth was beginning to feel more relieved , preparing to shove the whole episode to the back of his mind , suddenly , he heard another set of boots . 
 he turned and saw a group of men walking towards them . 
 he could n't believe it . 
 his brother . 
 godfrey . 
 the drunk . 
 he was walking towards them , laughing , surrounded by the villainous harry , and two other of his miscreant friends . 
 of all times and places , for his brother to run into him here . 
 in the woods , in the middle of nowhere . 
 gareth felt as if his whole plot were cursed . 
 gareth turned away , pulled the hood over his face , and hiked twice as fast , praying he had not been discovered . 
 `` gareth ? '' 
 called out the voice . 
 gareth had no choice . 
 he froze in his tracks , pulled back his hood , and turned and looked at his brother , who came waltzing merrily towards him . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 godfrey asked . 
 gareth opened his mouth , but then closed it , stumbling , at a loss for words . 
 `` we were going for a hike , '' firth volunteered , rescuing him . 
 `` a hike , were you ? '' 
 one of godfrey 's friends mocked firth , in a high , feminine voice . 
 his friends laughed , too . 
 gareth knew that his brother and his friends all judged him for his predisposition - but he hardly cared about that now . 
 he just needed to change the topic . 
 he did n't want them to wonder what he was doing out here . 
 `` what are you doing out here ? '' 
 gareth asked , turning the tables . 
 `` a new tavern opened , by southwood , '' godfrey answered . 
 `` we had just been trying it out . 
 the best ale in all the kingdom . 
 want some ? '' 
 he asked , holding out a cask . 
 gareth shook his head quickly . 
 he knew he had to distract him , and he figured the best way was to change the topic , to rebuke him . 
 `` father would be furious if he caught you drinking during the day , '' gareth said . 
 `` i suggest you set down that and return to court . '' 
 it worked . 
 godfrey glowered , and clearly he was no longer thinking about gareth , but about father , and himself . 
 `` and since when did you care about father 's needs ? '' 
 he retorted . 
 gareth had had enough . 
 he had n't time to waste with a drunkard . 
 he succeeded in what he wanted , distracting him , and now , hopefully , he would n't think too deeply about why he had run into him here . 
 gareth turned and hurried down the trail , hearing their mocking laughter behind him as he went . 
 he no longer cared . 
 soon , it would be he who had the last laugh . 
 thor sat before the wooden table , working away at the bow and arrow laid out in pieces . 
 beside him sat reece , along with several other members of the legion . 
 they were all hunched over their weapons , hard at work on carving the bows and tightening the strings . 
 `` a warrior knows how to string his own bow , '' kolk yelled out , as he walked up and down the rows of boys , leaning over , examining each one 's work . 
 `` the tension must be just right . 
 too little , and your arrow will not reach its mark . 
 too much , and your aim will not be true . 
 weapons break in battle . 
 weapons break on journeys . 
 you must know how to repair them as you go . 
 the greatest warrior is also a blacksmith , a carpenter , a cobbler , a mender of all things broken . 
 and you do n't really know your own weapon until you 've repaired it yourself . '' 
 kolk stopped behind thor and leaned over his shoulder . 
 he reached out and yanked the wooden bow out of thor 's grasp , the string hurting his palm as he did . 
 `` the string is not taught enough , '' he chided . 
 `` it is crooked . 
 use a weapon like this in battle , and you will surely die . 
 and your partner will die besides you . '' 
 kolk slammed the bow back down , then moved on ; several other boys snickered . 
 thor reddened as he grabbed the string again , pulled it as taught as he possibly could , and wrapped it around the notch in the bow . 
 he 'd been at work on this for hours , the cap to an exhausting day of labor and menial tasks . 
 most of the others were out and about , training , sparring , sword fighting . 
 he looked out and in the distance saw his brothers , the three of them , laughing as they clacked wooden swords ; as usual , thor felt that they were gaining the upper hand and he was being left behind , in their shadow . 
 thor thought it unfair . 
 he felt increasingly that he was unwanted here , as if he were not a true member of the legion . 
 `` do n't worry , you 'll get the hang of it , '' o'connor said beside him . 
 thor 's palms were chafed from trying ; he pulled back the string one last time , this time with all his might , and finally , to his surprise , it clicked . 
 the string fit neatly in the notch , as he pulled with all his might , sweating . 
 he felt a great sense of satisfaction , as the bow finally felt as strong as it should be . 
 the sun grew longer in the sky and he looked up , wiped his forehead with the back of his hand , and wondered how much longer this would go on . 
 he contemplated what it meant to be a warrior . 
 in his head , he had seen it differently . 
 he had only imagined training , all the time . 
 but , he guessed , this was also a form of training . 
 `` this was not what i signed up for , either , '' o'connor said , as if reading his mind . 
 thor turned , and was reassured to find his constant smile . 
 `` i come from the northern province , '' he continued . 
 `` i , too , dreamed of joining the legion my entire life . 
 i guess i imagined constant sparring , battle . 
 not all of these menial tasks . 
 but it will get better . 
 it is just because we are new . 
 it is a form of initiation . 
 there seems to be a hierarchy here . 
 we are also the youngest . 
 i do n't see the nineteen-year-olds doing this . 
 this ca n't last forever . 
 besides , it 's a useful skill to learn . '' 
 a horn sounded . 
 thor looked over and saw the rest of the legion gathering together , beside a huge stone wall in the middle of the field . 
 ropes were draped across it , spaced every ten feet . 
 the wall must have rose thirty feet and piled at its base were stacks of hay . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? '' 
 kolk screamed . 
 `` move ! '' 
 the silver appeared all around them , screaming , and before thor knew it he and all the others jumped from their benches and ran across the field , for the wall . 
 soon they were all gathered there , standing before the ropes . 
 there was an excited buzz in the air , as all of the legion members stood there , together . 
 thor was ecstatic to finally be included with the others , and he found himself gravitating to reece , who stood with another friend of his . 
 o'connor joined them . 
 `` you will find in battle that most towns are fortified , '' kolk boomed out , looking over the faces of the boys . 
 `` breaching fortifications is the work of a soldier . 
 in a typical siege , ropes and grappling hooks are used , much like the ones we have thrown over this wall , and climbing a wall is one of the most dangerous things you will encounter in battle . 
 in few cases will you be more exposed , more vulnerable . 
 the enemy will pour down molten lead on you . 
 they will shoot down arrows . 
 drop rocks . 
 you do n't climb a wall until the moment is perfect . 
 and when you do , you must climb for your life - or else risk death . '' 
 kolk took a deep breath , then screamed out : `` begin ! '' 
 all around him the boys broke into action , each charging for a rope . 
 thor sprinted for a free rope ; he was about to grab it , when an older boy reached it first , bumping him out of the way . 
 thor scrambled , and grabbed the closest one he could find . 
 he grabbed the thick knotted twine , his heart pounding , as he began to scramble his way up the wall . 
 the day had turned misty , and thor 's feet slipped on the stone as he climbed . 
 still , he made good time , and he could n't help but notice that he was faster than many of the others , nearly taking the lead as he scrambled his way up . 
 he was , for the first time today , starting to feel good , starting to feel a sense of pride . 
 suddenly , he felt something hard slam into his shoulder . 
 he looked up , and saw members of the silver at the top of the wall , throwing down small rocks , sticks , all manner of debris . 
 the boy on the rope beside thor reached up with one hand to block his face and lost his grip and fell backwards , down to the ground . 
 he fell a good twenty feet , and landed in the pile of hay below . 
 thor was losing his grip , too , but somehow managed to hang on . 
 a club hailed down and hit thor hard on the back , but he continued to climb . 
 he was making good time and was starting to think he might even be the first one to the top , when suddenly , he felt himself kicked hard in the ribs . 
 he could n't even understand where it came from , until he looked over and saw one of the boys beside him , swinging sideways . 
 before thor could react , the boy kicked him again . 
 thor lost his grip this time and found himself hurling backwards , through the air , flailing . 
 he landed on his back in the hay , shocked , but unhurt . 
 thor scrambled to his hands and knees , catching his breath , and looked about : all around him , boys were dropping like flies from the ropes , landing in the hay , kicked or shoved by each other - or if not , then kicked off by members of the silver up top . 
 those who were n't had their ropes cut , so they went flying , too . 
 not a single member reached the top . 
 `` on your feet ! '' 
 yelled kolk . 
 thor jumped up , as did the others . 
 `` swords ! '' 
 the boys ran as one to a huge rack of wooden swords . 
 thor joined them and grabbed one , shocked at how heavy it was . 
 it weighed twice as much as any weapon he had lifted . 
 he could barely hold it . 
 `` heavy swords , begin ! '' 
 came a shout . 
 thor looked up and saw that huge oaf , elden , the one who had first attacked him when he met the legion . 
 thor remembered him too well : his face was still hurting from the bruises he had given him . 
 he was bearing down on him , sword held high , a look of fury on his face . 
 thor raised his sword at the last moment ; he managed to block elden 's blow , but the sword was so heavy , he was barely able to hold it back . 
 elden , bigger and stronger , reached around and kicked thor hard in the ribs . 
 thor dropped to his knees , in pain . 
 elden swung around again , to crack him in the face , but thor managed to reached up and block the blow with a moment to spare . 
 but elden was too quick and strong , and he swung around and slashed thor in the leg , knocking him down on his side . 
 a small crowd of boys gathered around them , cheering and hollering , as clearly their fight was becoming the center of attention . 
 it seemed as if they were all rooting for elden . 
 elden came down with his sword again , slashing down hard , and thor rolled out of the way , the blow barely missing his back . 
 thor had a moment 's advantage , and he took it : he swung around and hit the oaf hard behind the knee . 
 it was a soft spot , and enough to knock him back , then down , stumbling onto his rear . 
 thor used the chance to scramble to his feet . 
 elden rose , red-faced , more furious than ever , and now the two faced off . 
 thor knew he could n't just stand there ; he charged and swung . 
 but this practice sword was made of a strange wood and just too heavy ; his move was telegraphed . 
 elden blocked it easily , then jabbed thor hard in the ribs . 
 it hit a soft spot , and thor keeled over and dropped his sword , the wind knocked out of him . 
 the other boys screamed in delight . 
 thor kneeled there , unarmed , and felt the tip of elden 's sword jammed into the base of his throat . 
 `` yield ! '' 
 elden demanded . 
 thor glared up at him , feeling the salty taste of blood on his lip . 
 `` never , '' he muttered , defiant . 
 elden grimaced , raised his sword , and prepared to bring it down . 
 there was nothing thor could do . 
 he knew that he was in for a mighty blow . 
 as the sword came down , thor closed his eyes and concentrated . 
 he felt the world slowing down , felt himself transported to another realm . 
 he was suddenly able to feel the swing of the sword in the air , its motion , and he willed the universe to stop it . 
 he felt his body warming , tingling , and as he focused , he felt something happening . 
 he felt himself able to control it . 
 suddenly the sword freezed in mid-air . 
 thor had somehow managed to stop it using his power . 
 as elden stood there , holding the sword , confused , thor then used his mind power to grasp and squeeze elden 's wrist . 
 he squeezed harder and harder in his mind , and in moments , elden cried out and dropped the sword . 
 all the boys quieted , as they stood there , frozen , looking down at thor , wide-eyed in surprise and fear . 
 `` he 's a demon ! '' 
 one yelled out . 
 `` a sorcerer , '' another yelled . 
 thor was overwhelmed . 
 he had no grasp of what he had just done . 
 but he knew it was normal . 
 he was both proud and embarrassed , emboldened and afraid . 
 kolk stepped forward , into the circle , standing between thor and elden . 
 `` this is no place for spells , boy , whoever you are , '' he chastised thor . 
 `` it is a place for battle . 
 you defied our rules of fighting . 
 you will think about what you have done . 
 i will send you to a place of true danger , and we shall see how well your spells defend you there . 
 report to guard patrol at the canyon . '' 
 there was a gasp among the legion , and they all quieted . 
 thor did not understand exactly what that meant , but he knew that whatever it was , it could not be good . 
 `` you ca n't send him to the canyon ! '' 
 reece protested . 
 `` he is too new . 
 he could get hurt . '' 
 `` i shall do whatever i choose to boy , '' kolk grimaced at reece . 
 `` your father is not here to protect you now . 
 or him . 
 and i run this legion . 
 and you better mind your tongue - just because you are royalty , do n't think you can speak out of line again . '' 
 `` fine , '' reece responded . 
 `` then i shall join him ! '' 
 `` as will i ! '' 
 o'connor chimed in , stepping forward . 
 kolk looked them over , and slowly shook his head . 
 `` fools . 
 that is your choice . 
 join him if you wish . '' 
 kolk turned and looked at elden . 
 `` do n't think you get off so easy , either , '' he said to him . 
 `` you started this fight . 
 you must pay the price , too . 
 you will join them on patrol tonight . '' 
 `` but sire , you ca n't send me to the canyon ! '' 
 elden protested , eyes wide in fear . 
 it was the first time thor had seen him afraid of anything . 
 kolk took a step forward , close to elden , and raised his hands on his hips . 
 `` ca n't i ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` not only can i send you there - i can also send you away for good , out of this legion , and to the farthest reaches of our kingdom , if you continue to talk back to me . '' 
 elden looked away , too flustered to respond . 
 `` anyone else want to join them ? '' 
 kolk called out . 
 the other boys , bigger and older and stronger , all looked away in fear . 
 thor gulped as he looked around at the nervous faces , and wondered just how bad the canyon could be . 
 thor walked along the well-trodden , dirt road , flanked by reece , o'connor and elden . 
 the four of them had barely said a word to each other since they left , still in shock . 
 thor looked over at reece and o'connor with a feeling of gratitude he had never known before . 
 he could hardly believe that they had put themselves on the line for him like that . 
 he felt that he had found true friends , more like brothers . 
 he had no idea what lay in store for them at the canyon , but whatever they should face , he was happy to have them at his side . 
 elden , he tried not to look at . 
 he could see him , kicking rocks , smoldering with rage , could see how annoyed and upset he was to be here , on patrol with them . 
 but thor felt no pity for him . 
 as kolk had said , he had started the whole thing . 
 it served him right . 
 the four of them , a ragtag group , proceeded down the road , following directions . 
 they had been walking for hours , it was getting late in the afternoon , and thor 's legs were growing weary . 
 he was also hungry . 
 had been given only a small bowl of barley for lunch , and he hoped some food might be waiting for them wherever they were going . 
 but he had bigger worries than that . 
 he looked down at his new armor , and knew that it would not have been given to him if there were not an important reason . 
 before sending them off , the four of them had been given new squire 's armor , leather , dressed in chainmail , given short swords of a course metal . 
 it was hardly the fine iron used to forge a knight 's sword , but it was certainly better than nothing . 
 it felt good to have a substantial weapon at his waist - in addition , of course , to his sling , which he still carried . 
 though he knew that if they were to encounter real trouble tonight , the weapons and armor they were given might not suffice . 
 he longed for the superior armor and weapons of his cohorts in the legion : medium and long swords of the finest metal , short spears , maces , daggers , halberds . 
 but these belonged to the boys of fame and honor , from famous families , who could afford such a thing . 
 this was not thor , a simple shepherd 's son . 
 as they all marched down the interminable road , into the second sunset , far from the welcoming gates of king 's court , towards the distant divide of the canyon , thor could not help but feel as if this were all his fault . 
 for some reason , some of the other members of the legion had seemed to not taking a liking to him , as if they resented his presence . 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 and it gave him a sinking feeling . 
 his whole life he had wanted nothing more than to join them . 
 now , he felt he had crashed into it by cheating , and he wondered if he would ever be truly accepted by his peers . 
 now , on top of everything , he was singled out to be marched away for canyon duty . 
 it was unfair . 
 he had n't started the fight , and when he had used his powers , whatever they were , it had not been on purpose . 
 he still did n't understand them , did n't know where they came from , how he summoned them , or how to turn them off . 
 he should n't be punished for that . 
 thor had no idea what canyon duty meant , but from the looks of the others , clearly , it was not desirable . 
 he wondered if he were being marched off to be killed , if this was their way of forcing him out of the legion . 
 he was determined not to give up . 
 `` how much farther can the canyon be ? '' 
 o'connor asked , breaking the silence . 
 `` not far enough , '' answered elden . 
 `` we would n't be in this mess if it were n't for thor . '' 
 `` you started the fight , remember ? '' 
 reece interrupted . 
 `` but i fought cleanly , and he did not , '' elden protested . 
 `` besides , he deserved it . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 thor asked , wanting to know the answer that had been burning inside for a while . 
 `` why did i deserve it ? '' 
 `` because you do n't belong here , with us . 
 you stole your position in the legion . 
 the rest of us , we were picked . 
 you fought your way in . '' 
 `` but is n't that what the legion is about ? 
 fighting ? '' 
 reece answered . 
 `` i would argue that thor deserves his spot more than any of us . 
 we were merely picked . 
 he struggled and fought to gain what was not given him . '' 
 elden shrugged , unimpressed . 
 `` the rules are the rules . 
 he was not picked . 
 he should n't be with us . 
 that 's why i fought him . '' 
 `` well , you are not going to make me go away , '' thor responded , shakiness in his voice , determined to be accepted . 
 `` we 'll see about that , '' elden muttered darkly . 
 `` and just what you mean by that ? '' 
 o'connor asked . 
 but elden did not volunteer anymore ; he continued walking silently . 
 thor 's stomach tightened . 
 he could n't help but feel as if he had made too many enemies , and he did not understand why . 
 he did not like the feeling . 
 `` do n't pay any attention to him , '' reece said to thor , loudly enough to be heard . 
 `` you did nothing wrong . 
 they sent you to canyon duty because they see potential in you . 
 they want to toughen you up . 
 or else they would n't bother . 
 you 're also on the radar because my father singled you out . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` but what is canyon duty ? '' 
 he asked . 
 reece cleared his throat , looking anxious . 
 `` i 've never been on it myself . 
 but i 've heard stories . 
 from some of the older kids , and from my brothers . 
 it is patrol duty . 
 but on the other side of the canyon . '' 
 `` the other side ? '' 
 o'connor asked , terror in his voice . 
 `` what do you mean the other side ? '' 
 thor asked , not understanding . 
 reece studied him . 
 `` have you never been to the canyon ? '' 
 thor could feel the others looking at him , and he shook his head , self-conscious . 
 `` you 're kidding , '' elden snapped . 
 `` really ? '' 
 o'connor pressed . 
 `` not once in your life ? '' 
 thor shook his head , reddening . 
 `` my father never took us anywhere . 
 i 've heard of it . '' 
 `` you 've probably never been outside your village , boy , '' elden said . 
 `` have you ? '' 
 thor shrugged , silent . 
 was it that obvious ? 
 `` he has n't , '' elden added , incredulous . 
 `` unbelievable . '' 
 `` shut up , '' reece said . 
 `` leave him alone . 
 that does n't make you any better than him . '' 
 elden sneered at reece and raised his hand briefly to his scabbard ; but then relaxed it . 
 apparently , even though he was bigger than reece , he did n't seem to want to provoke the king 's son . 
 `` the canyon is the only thing keeping our kingdom of the ring safe , '' reece explained . 
 `` nothing else stands between us and the hordes of the world . 
 if the savages of the wilds were to breach it , we would all be finished . 
 the entire ring looks to us , the king 's men , to protect them . 
 we have patrols guarding it all the time - mostly on this side , and occasionally , on the other . 
 there is only one bridge across , only one way in or out , and the most elite of the silver stand watch around-the-clock . '' 
 thor had heard of the canyon his entire life , had heard horrifying stories of the evils that lurked on the other side , the massive evil empire that surrounded the ring , and how close they all lived to terror . 
 it was one of the reasons why he had wanted to join the king 's legion : to help protect his family and his kingdom . 
 he hated the idea that other men were out there , protecting him around-the-clock , while he lived comfortably in the arms of the kingdom . 
 he wanted to do his service and help fight off the evil hordes . 
 he could imagine nothing braver than those men who guarded the canyon passageway . 
 `` the canyon is a mile wide , and surrounds the entire ring , '' reece explained . 
 `` it is not easy to breach . 
 but of course our men are not the only thing keeping the hordes at bay . 
 there are millions of those creatures out there , and if they wanted to overrun this canyon , by sheer force of will , they could in a moment . 
 our manpower only helps supplement the energy shield of the canyon . 
 the real power that keeps them at bay is the power of the sword . '' 
 thor turned . 
 `` the sword ? '' 
 reece looked at him . 
 `` the destiny sword . 
 you know the legend ? '' 
 `` this country rube probably never even heard of it , '' elden chimed in . 
 `` of course i know it , '' thor snapped back , defensive . 
 not only did he know it , but he had spent many days pondering the legend throughout his life . 
 he had always wanted to see it . 
 the fabled destiny sword , the magical sword whose energy protected the ring , filled the canyon with a potent force that protected the ring from invaders . 
 `` the sword lives in king 's court ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 reece nodded . 
 `` it has lived amongst the royal family for generations . 
 without it , the kingdom would be nothing . 
 the ring would be overrun . '' 
 `` if we are protected , then why bother patrol the canyon at all ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` the sword only blocks the major threats , '' reece explained . 
 `` a small and isolated evil creature can slip in , here and there . 
 that is why our men are needed . 
 a single creature could cross the canyon , or even a small group of them - they might be so bold as to try to cross the bridge , or they may act with stealth and climb down the canyon walls on one end and up on the other . 
 it is our job to keep them out . 
 a single creature can cause a lot of damage . 
 years ago , one of them slipped in , and murdered half the children of a village before he was caught . 
 the sword does the bulk of the work , but we are an indispensable part . '' 
 thor took it all in , wondering . 
 the canyon seemed so grand , their duty so important , he could hardly believe that he would be part of this great purpose . 
 `` but even with all that , i have n't explained it very well , '' reece said . 
 `` there 's more to the canyon than just that , '' he said , then fell silent . 
 thor looked at him and saw something like fear or wonder in his eyes . 
 `` how can i explain it ? '' 
 reece said , clearly struggling . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` the canyon is far bigger than all of us . 
 the canyon is ... '' `` the canyon is a place for men , '' came a resounding voice . 
 they all turned at the sound of the voice , the sound of a horse . 
 thor could not believe it . 
 there , trotting up beside them , bedecked in full chainmail , with long gleaming weapons hanging over the side of his incredible horse , was erec . 
 he smiled down at them , keeping his eyes fixed on thor . 
 thor looked up , in shock . 
 `` it is a place that will make you a man , '' erec added , `` if you are not one already . '' 
 thor had not seen erec since his jousting match , and felt so relieved at his presence , to have a real knight here with them as they headed for the canyon - no less , erec himself . 
 he felt invincible having him , and prayed he was coming with them . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` are you accompanying us ? '' 
 he asked , hoping he did n't sound too eager . 
 erec leaned back and laughed . 
 `` not to worry , young one , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm going with you . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 reece asked . 
 `` it is tradition for a member of the silver to accompany members of the legion on their first patrol . 
 i volunteered . '' 
 erec turned and looked down at thor . 
 `` after all , you helped me yesterday . '' 
 thor felt his heart warm , buoyed by erec 's presence . 
 he also felt lifted up in the eyes of his friends . 
 here he was , being accompanied by the greatest knight of the kingdom , as they headed towards the canyon . 
 much of his fear was falling away . 
 `` of course , i shall not go out on patrol with you , '' erec added . 
 `` but i will lead you across the bridge , and to your camp . 
 it will be your duty to venture out on patrol , alone , from there . '' 
 `` it is a great honor , sire , '' reece said . 
 `` thank you , '' o'connor and elden echoed . 
 erec looked down at thor and smiled . 
 `` after all , if you 're going to be my first squire , i ca n't let you die just yet . '' 
 `` first ? '' 
 thor asked , his heart skipping a beat . 
 `` feithgold broke his leg in the jousting match . 
 he will be out for at least eight weeks . 
 you are my first squire now . 
 and our training might as well begin , sha n't it ? '' 
 `` of course , sire , '' thor responded . 
 thor 's mind was swimming . 
 he could hardly believe it . 
 for the first time in a while , he felt as if luck was finally turning his way . 
 now he was first squire to the greatest knight of all . 
 he felt as if he had leapfrogged over all his friends ; he could hardly believe it . 
 the five of them continued on , heading west into the setting sun , erec walking slowly on his horse beside them . 
 `` i assume you have been to the canyon , sire ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` many times , '' erec responded . 
 `` my first patrol , i was your age , in fact . '' 
 `` and how did you find it ? '' 
 reece asked . 
 all four boys turned and stared at him as they went , rapt with attention . 
 erec rode on for some time in silence , looking straight ahead , his jaw set . 
 `` your first time is an experience you never forget . 
 it is hard to explain . 
 it is a strange and foreign and mystical and beautiful place . 
 on the other side lie unimaginable dangers . 
 the bridge to cross it is long and steep . 
 there are many of us patrolling - but always , you feel alone . 
 it is nature at its best . 
 it crushes man to be in its shadow . 
 our men have patrolled it for hundreds of years . 
 it is a rite of passage . 
 you do not fully understand danger without it ; you can not become a knight without it . '' 
 he fell back into silence . 
 the four boys looked at each other , queasy . 
 `` should we expect a skirmish on the other side then ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 erec shrugged . 
 `` anything is possible , once you reach the wilds . 
 unlikely . 
 but possible . '' 
 erec looked down at thor . 
 `` do you want to be a great squire , and one day , a great knight ? '' 
 he asked , looking right at thor . 
 thor 's heart beat faster . 
 `` yes , sire , more than anything . '' 
 `` then there are things you must learn , '' erec said . 
 `` strength is not enough ; agility is not enough ; being a great fighter is not enough . 
 there is something else , something more important than all of them . '' 
 erec fell back into silence , and thor could wait no longer . 
 `` what ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` what is most important ? '' 
 `` you must be of a sound spirit , '' erec replied . 
 `` never afraid . 
 you must enter the darkest wood , the most dangerous battle , with complete equanimity . 
 you must carry this equanimity with you , always , whenever and wherever you go . 
 never fearful , always on guard . 
 never restful , always diligent . 
 you do n't have the luxury of expecting others to protect you anymore . 
 you 're no longer a citizen . 
 you 're now one of the king 's men . 
 the greatest qualities for a warrior are courage , and equanimity . 
 be not afraid of danger . 
 expect it . 
 but do not seek it . 
 `` this ring we live in , '' erec added , `` our kingdom . 
 it seems as if we , with all our men , protect it against the hordes of the world . 
 but we do not . 
 we are protected only by the canyon , and only by the sorcery within it . 
 we live in a sorcerer 's ring . 
 do n't forget it . 
 we live and die by magic . 
 there is no security here , boy , on either side of the canyon . 
 take away sorcery , take away magic , and we have nothing . '' 
 they walked on in silence for quite some time , as thor turned erec 's words over in his head , again and again . 
 he felt as if erec were giving him a hidden message : he felt as if he were telling him that , whatever power he had , whatever magic he might be summoning , it was nothing to be ashamed of . 
 in fact , it was something to be proud of , and the source of all energy in the kingdom . 
 thor felt better . 
 he had felt he was being sent out here , to the canyon , as a punishment for his using his magic , and had felt guilty about it ; but now he felt that his powers , whatever they were , might become a source of pride . 
 as the other boys drifted ahead , and erec and thor fell back , erec looked down at him . 
 `` you 've already managed to make some powerful enemies at court , '' he said , an amused smile on his face . 
 `` as many enemies as you have friends , it seems . '' 
 thor reddened , shamed . 
 `` i do n't know how , sire . 
 i did n't intend to . '' 
 `` enemies are not gained by intentions . 
 they are often gained by envy . 
 you have managed to create a great deal of it . 
 that is not necessarily a bad thing . 
 you are the center of much speculation . '' 
 thor scratched his head , trying to understand . 
 `` but i do n't know why . '' 
 erec still looked amused . 
 `` the queen herself is chief among your adversaries . 
 you have somehow managed to get on her wrong side . '' 
 `` my mother ? '' 
 reece asked , turning . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` that is the very question i 've been wondering myself , '' erec said . 
 thor felt terrible . 
 the queen ? 
 an enemy ? 
 what had he done to her ? 
 he could hardly conceive it . 
 how could he even be important enough for her to take notice of ? 
 he hardly knew what was happening around him . 
 suddenly , something dawned on him . 
 `` is she the reason that i was sent out here ? 
 to the canyon ? '' 
 he asked . 
 erec turned and looked straight ahead , his face growing serious . 
 `` she might be , '' he said , contemplative . 
 `` she just might be . '' 
 thor wondered at the extent and depth of the enemies he had made . 
 he had stumbled into a court he knew nothing about . 
 he had just wanted to belong . 
 he had just followed his passion and his dream , and had done whatever he could to achieve it . 
 he did not think that by doing so , he might raise envy or jealousy . 
 he turned it over and over in his mind , like a riddle , but could not get to the bottom of it . 
 as thor was mulling these thoughts , they reached the top of a knoll , and as the site spread out before them , all thoughts of anything else fell away . 
 thor 's breath was taken away - and not just by the strong gust of wind . 
 there , stretching out before them , as far as the eye could see , lay the canyon . 
 it was the first time thor had ever seen it , and the site shocked him so thoroughly , he stood rooted to his place , unable to move . 
 it was the grandest and most majestic thing he had ever seen . 
 the huge chasm in the earth seemed to stretch for eternity , and was spanned only by a single , narrow bridge , lined with soldiers . 
 the bridge seemed to stretch to the end of the earth itself . 
 the canyon was alight with greens and blues from the second setting sun , and they bounced off its walls , sparkling . 
 as he felt his legs again , thor began to walk with the others , closer and closer to the bridge , and was able to look down , deep into the canyon 's cliffs : they seemed to plummet down into the bowels of the earth . 
 thor could not even see the bottom , and did n't know if that was because it had no bottom , or if it was because it was covered in mist . 
 the rock that lined the cliffs looked to be a million years old , formed with patterns that storms must have left centuries before . 
 it was the most primordial place he had ever seen . 
 he had no idea his planet was so vast , so vibrant , so alive . 
 it was as if he had come to the beginning of creation . 
 thor heard the others gasp all around him , too . 
 the thought of the four of them patrolling this canyon seemed laughable . 
 they were dwarfed even by the site of it . 
 as they walked towards the bridge , soldiers stiffened on either side , at attention , making way for the new patrol . 
 thor felt his heart quicken . 
 `` i do n't see how the four of us can possibly patrol this ? '' 
 o'connor said . 
 elden snickered . 
 `` there are tons of patrols beside us . 
 we are merely one cog in the machine . '' 
 as they walked across the bridge , the only sound to be heard was that of the whipping wind , and of their boots , and erec 's horse , walking along . 
 the hoofs left a hollow and reassuring sound , the only real thing that thor could hang onto in this surreal place . 
 none of the soldiers , who all stiffened at attention in erec 's presence , said a word as they stood guard . 
 they must have passed hundreds of them . 
 as they went , thor could not help but notice , on either side of them , impaled on spikes every few feet along the railing , were the heads of barbarian invaders . 
 some still fresh , still dripping with blood . 
 thor looked away . 
 it made it all too real . 
 he did not know if he was ready for this . 
 he tried not to imagine the many skirmishes that must have produced those heads , the lives that had been lost , what awaited them on the other side . 
 for the first time , he wondered if they would make it back . 
 was that the purpose of this whole expedition ? 
 to kill him off ? 
 he looked over the edge , at the endlessly disappearing cliffs , and heard the screech of a distant bird ; it was a sound he had never heard before . 
 he wondered what kind of bird it was , and what other exotic animals lurked on the other side . 
 but it was not really the animals that bothered him , or even the heads on spikes . 
 more than anything , it was the feeling of this place . 
 he could not tell if it was the mist , or the howling wind , or the vastness of the open sky , or the light of the setting sun - but something about this place was so surreal , it transported him . 
 enveloped him . 
 he felt a heavy magical energy hanging over them . 
 he wondered if it was the protection of the sword , or some other ancient energy . 
 he felt as if he were crossing not just a mass of land , but crossing into another realm of existence . 
 he could hardly believe that , for the first time in his life , he would spend the night , unprotected , on the other side of the canyon . 
 as the sun began to fade from the sky - a dark scarlet mixed with blue that seemed to envelop the universe - thor walked with reece , o'connor , and elden down the trail that led into the forest of the wilds . 
 thor had never been so on edge in his life . 
 now it was just the four of them , erec having remained behind at camp , and despite all their bickering with each other , thor sensed they now needed each other more than ever . 
 they had to bond , and to learn how to do it on their own , without erec . 
 before they 'd parted , erec had told them not to worry , that he would stay at base and hear their screams , and would be there if they needed him . 
 that gave thor little assurance now . 
 as the woods narrowed in on them , thor looked around at this exotic place , the forest floor lined with thorns and strange fruits . 
 the branches were gnarled and ancient , nearly touching each other , so close that thor needed to duck his head in places . 
 they had thorns instead of leaves , and they protruded everywhere . 
 yellow vines hung down in places , and thor had made the mistake of reaching up to push a vine from his face only to realize it was a snake . 
 he had yelled and jumped out of the way , just in time . 
 he had expected the others to laugh at him , but they , too , were humbled with fear . 
 all around them were the foreign noises of exotic animals . 
 some were low and guttural , some high-pitched and shrieking . 
 some of them echoed from far-off ; others seemed impossibly close . 
 twilight came on too fast , as they all headed deeper into the forest . 
 thor felt certain that at any moment they could be ambushed . 
 as the sky grew darker , it was getting harder to even see the faces of his compatriots . 
 he gripped his sword hilt so tightly , his knuckles white . 
 his other hand clutched his slingshot . 
 he saw the others gripping their weapons , too . 
 thor willed himself to be strong , to be confident and courageous as a good knight should . 
 as erec had instructed him . 
 it was better for him to face death now , he figured , in the face , then to always live in fear of it . 
 he tried to lift his chin and walk boldly forward , even increasing his pace and going a few feet out in front of the others . 
 his heart was pounding , but he felt as if he were facing his fears . 
 `` what are we patrolling for exactly ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 as soon as he said it , he realized it might be a dumb question , and he expected elden to make fun of him . 
 but to his surprise , there was only silence in return . 
 he looked over and saw the whites of elden 's eyes , and realized he was even more afraid . 
 this , at least , gave thor some confidence . 
 thor was younger and smaller than him , and he was not giving in to his fear . 
 `` the enemy , i guess , '' reece finally said . 
 `` and who is that ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` what does he look like ? '' 
 `` there are all sorts of enemies out here , '' reece said . 
 `` we are in the wilds now . 
 there are nations of savages , and all manner and races of evil creatures . '' 
 `` but what is the point of our patrol ? '' 
 o'connor asked . 
 `` what difference can we possibly make by doing this ? 
 even if we kill one or two , is that going to stop the million behind it ? '' 
 `` we are not here to make a dent , '' reece answered . 
 `` we are here to make our presence known , on behalf of our king . 
 to let them know not to come too close to the canyon . '' 
 `` i think it would make more sense to wait till they try to cross it and deal with them then , '' o'connor said . 
 `` no , '' reece said . 
 `` it is better to deter them from even approaching . 
 that is why these patrols . 
 at least , that is what my older brother says . '' 
 thor 's heart was pounding , as they continued deeper into the forest . 
 `` how far are we supposed to go ? '' 
 elden asked , speaking up for the first time , his voice quivering . 
 `` do n't you remember what kolk said ? 
 we have to retrieve the red banner and bring it back , '' reece said . 
 `` that is our proof that we 've gone far enough for our patrol . '' 
 `` i have not seen a banner anywhere , '' o'connor said . 
 `` in fact , i can barely see a thing . 
 how are we supposed to get back ? '' 
 no one answered . 
 thor was thinking the same thing . 
 how can they possibly find a banner in the black of night ? 
 he started to wonder if this was all a trick , an exercise , another one of the psychological games the legion played on the boys . 
 he thought again of erec 's words , of his many enemies at court . 
 he had a sinking feeling about this patrol . 
 were they being set up ? 
 suddenly there came a horrific screeching noise , followed by movement inside the branches - and something large ran across their path . 
 thor pulled his sword , and the others did , too . 
 the sound of swords leaving scabbards , of metal on metal , filled the air , as they all stood there , holding their swords out in front of them , looking nervously in every direction . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 elden cried out , his voice cracking with fear . 
 the animal once again crossed their path , racing from one side of the forest to the other , and this time they got a good look at it . 
 thor 's shoulders relaxed , as he recognized it . 
 `` just a deer , '' he said , greatly relieved . 
 `` the strangest looking deer i 've seen - but a deer nonetheless . '' 
 reece laughed , a reassuring noise , a laugh too mature for his age . 
 as thor heard it , he realized it was the laugh of a future king . 
 he felt better having his friend at his side . 
 and then , he laughed , too . 
 all that fear , all for nothing . 
 `` i never knew that your voice cracked when you caved in to fear , '' reece mocked elden , laughing again . 
 `` if i could see you , i would pummel you , '' elden said . 
 `` i can see you fine , '' reece said . 
 `` come try it . '' 
 elden glared back at him , but did n't dare make a move . 
 instead he put his sword back in his scabbard , as did the others . 
 thor admired reece for giving elden a hard time ; elden mocked everybody else - he deserved to get some back himself . 
 he admired reece 's fearlessness in doing so : after all , elden was still twice their size . 
 thor finally felt some of the tension leaving his body . 
 they 'd had their first encounter , the ice was broken , and they were still alive . 
 he leaned back and laughed , too , happy to be alive . 
 `` keep laughing , stranger boy , '' elden said . 
 `` we 'll see who has the last laugh . '' 
 i 'm not laughing at you , as reece is , thor thought . 
 i 'm just relieved to be alive . 
 but he did n't bother saying it ; he knew that nothing he could say would change elden 's hatred for him . 
 `` look ! '' 
 o'connor screamed . 
 `` there ! '' 
 thor squinted but could barely see what he was pointing at in the thickening night . 
 then he saw it : the banner of the legion . 
 it hung from one of the branches . 
 they all began to run for it . 
 elden ran past all of them , brushing them aside roughly . 
 `` that flag is mine ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` i saw it first ! '' 
 o'connor yelled . 
 `` but i will get it first , and i will be the one to bring it back ! '' 
 elden yelled . 
 thor fumed ; he could barely believe elden 's actions . 
 he recalled what kolk had said - that whoever got the banner would be rewarded , and realized why elden sprinted . 
 but that did not excuse him : they were supposed to be a team , a group - not every man for himself . 
 elden 's true colors were coming out - none of the others ran for it , tried to outdo the others . 
 it made thor hate elden even more . 
 elden sprinted past after elbowing o'connor , and before the others could react , he gained several feet on them and snatched the banner . 
 as he did , a huge net appeared out of nowhere , rising from the ground , springing up into the air , entrapping elden and hoisting him up high . 
 he swung back and forth before their eyes , just feet away , like an animal caught in a trap . 
 `` help me ! 
 help me ! '' 
 he screamed , terrified . 
 they all slowed as they walked up close to him ; reece began to laugh . 
 `` well , who is the coward now ? '' 
 reece yelled out , amused . 
 `` why you little crap ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` i will kill you when i 'm down from this ! '' 
 `` oh really ? '' 
 reece retorted . 
 `` and when will that be ? '' 
 `` set me down ! '' 
 elden yelled , turning and spinning in the net . 
 `` i command you ! '' 
 `` oh , you command us , do you ? '' 
 reece said , bursting into laughter . 
 reece turned and looked at thor . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 reece asked . 
 `` i think that he owes all of us an apology , '' o'connor said . 
 `` especially thor . '' 
 `` i agree , '' reece said . 
 `` i 'll tell you what , '' he said to elden . 
 `` apologize , and make it sincere , and i will consider cutting you down . '' 
 `` apologize ? '' 
 elden echoed , horrified . 
 `` not in one million suns . '' 
 reece turned to thor . 
 `` maybe we should just leave this lump here for the night . 
 it would be great food for the animals . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 thor smiled wide . 
 `` i think that 's a fine idea , '' o'connor said . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 elden screamed out . 
 o'connor reached up and snatched the banner from elden 's dangling finger . 
 `` guess you did n't beat us to the banner after all , '' o'connor said . 
 the three of them turned , and began to walk away . 
 `` no , wait ! '' 
 elden cried . 
 `` you ca n't leave me here . 
 you would n't ! '' 
 the three of them continued to walk away . 
 `` i 'm sorry ! '' 
 elden began to sob . 
 `` please ! 
 i 'm sorry ! '' 
 thor stopped , but reece and o'connor continued to walk . 
 finally , reece turned . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 reece asked thor . 
 `` we ca n't leave him here , '' thor said . 
 as much as thor disliked elden , he did n't think it right to leave him there . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 reece asked . 
 `` he brought it on himself . '' 
 `` if the tables were turned , '' o'connor said , `` you know that he would gladly leave you there . 
 why should you care ? '' 
 `` i understand , '' thor said . 
 `` but that does n't mean we should act like him . '' 
 reece put his hands on his hips and sighed deeply as he leaned in and whispered to thor . 
 `` i was n't going to leave him there all night . 
 maybe just half the night . 
 but you do have a point . 
 he 's not cut out for this . 
 he 'd probably piss himself and have a heart attack . 
 you 're too kind . 
 that 's a problem , '' reece said as he put a hand on thor 's shoulder . 
 `` but that 's why i chose you for a friend . '' 
 `` and i , '' o'connor said , putting his hand on thor 's other shoulder . 
 thor turned , marched towards the net , reached out and cut it down . 
 elden went flying , hitting the ground hard , with a thud . 
 he scrambled to his feet , threw the net off and frantically searched the ground . 
 `` my sword ! '' 
 he yelled , frantic . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 thor looked down at the ground , but it was too dark out . 
 he could not see it . 
 `` it must have went flying into the trees when you were hoisted up , '' thor answered . 
 `` wherever it is , it 's gone now , '' reece said . 
 `` you 'll never find it . '' 
 `` but you do n't understand , '' elden pleaded . 
 `` the legion . 
 there is just one rule . 
 never leave your weapon behind . 
 i ca n't return without it . 
 i would be ousted ! '' 
 thor turned and searched the ground again , searched the trees , looking everywhere . 
 but he could see absolutely no sign of it . 
 reece and o'connor just stood there , not bothering to look . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' thor said , `` i do n't see it . '' 
 elden scrambled everywhere , then finally gave up . 
 `` it 's your fault , '' he , pointing at thor . 
 `` you got us into this mess ! '' 
 `` no i did n't , '' thor replied . 
 `` you did ! 
 you ran for the flag . 
 you pushed us all out of the way . 
 you have no one to blame but yourself . '' 
 `` i hate you ! '' 
 elden screamed . 
 he charged thor , grabbing him by the shirt , knocking him down to the ground . 
 the weight of him caught thor off guard . 
 thor managed to spin around , but elden spun again and pinned thor down . 
 elden was just too big and strong , and it was too hard to hold him back . 
 suddenly , though , he let go . 
 thor heard the sound of a sword being extracted from his scabbard , and looked up and saw reece standing over elden , holding the tip of his sword at his throat . 
 o'connor reached over and gave thor a hand , and yanked him quickly to his feet . 
 thor stood , with his two friends , looking down on elden , who remained pinned to the ground , reece 's sword at his throat . 
 `` you touch my friend again , '' reece , deadly serious , said slowly to elden , `` and i assure you , i will kill you . '' 
 thor , reece , o'connor , elden , and erec all sat on the ground , before a fire , forming a circle around it . 
 the five of them sat glum and silent , thor surprised to realize that it could be this cold on a summer night . 
 there was just something about this canyon , the cold , mystical winds that swirled around , down his back , and which mingled with the fog that never seemed to go away , which left him damp to the bone . 
 he leaned forward and rubbed his hands against the fire , unable to get them warm . 
 thor chewed on the piece of dried meat that the others were passing around ; it was tough and salty , but somehow nourished him . 
 erec reached over and handed him something and thor felt a soft wineskin being pressed into his hand , the liquid sloshing in it . 
 it was surprisingly heavy as he raised it to his lips and squirted it into the back of his mouth , for too long a time . 
 he felt warm for the first time . 
 everyone was quiet , staring into the flames . 
 thor was still on edge , being on this side of the canyon , in enemy territory , still felt as if he should be on guard at every moment , and marveled at how calm erec seemed to be , as if he were casually sitting in his own backyard . 
 thor was relieved , at least , to be out of the wilds , reunited with erec , and sitting around the reassurance of a fire . 
 erec watched the forest line , attentive to every little noise , yet confident and relaxed . 
 thor knew that if any danger was coming , erec would protect them all . 
 thor felt content around the flames , and he looked around and saw that the others seemed content , too - except , of course , for elden , glum ever since returning from the forest . 
 he had lost his confident swagger from earlier in the day , and he sat there , sour , without his sword . 
 thor knew that the commanders would never forgive such a mistake , and that elden would be kicked out of the legion upon their return . 
 he wondered what elden would do . 
 he had a feeling he would not go down so easily , that he had some trick , some backup plan , up his sleeve . 
 thor assumed that , whatever it was , it would not be good . 
 thor turned and followed erec 's gaze to the distant horizon , in the southern direction . 
 there was a faint glow , an endless line as far as the eye could see , that lit up the night . 
 thor wondered . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he finally asked erec . 
 `` that glow ? 
 the one you keep staring at ? '' 
 erec was silent for a long time , and the only sound was that of the whipping of the wind . 
 finally , without turning , he said : `` the gorals . '' 
 thor exchanged a glance with the others , who looked back , fearful . 
 thor 's stomach tightened at the thought of it . 
 the gorals . 
 so close . 
 there was nothing in between them and him except for a simple forest and a vast plain . 
 there was no longer the great canyon separating them , keeping them safe . 
 all his life he had heard tales of these violent savages from the wilds who had no ambition except to attack the ring . 
 and now , there was nothing between them . 
 he could n't believe how many of them there were . 
 it was a vast and waiting army . 
 `` are n't you afraid ? '' 
 he asked erec . 
 `` there is nothing between us . '' 
 erec shook his head . 
 `` the gorals move as one . 
 their army camps out there every night . 
 they have for years . 
 they would only attack the canyon if they mobilized the entire army and attacked as one . 
 and they would n't dare try . 
 the power of the sword acts as a shield . 
 they know they can not breach it . '' 
 `` so then why do they camp out there ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` it is their way of intimidating . 
 and preparing . 
 there have been many times throughout the course of history , in the time of our fathers , when they attacked , tried to breach the canyon . 
 but it has n't happened in my time . '' 
 thor looked up at the black sky , the yellow and blue and orange stars twinkling high overhead , and he wondered . 
 he could hardly believe he was out here , on this side of the canyon . 
 it was a place of nightmares , and had been ever since he could walk . 
 the thought of it made him fearful , but he forced fearful thoughts from his mind . 
 he was a member of the legion now , and knew he had to act like it . 
 `` do not worry , '' erec said , as if reading his thoughts . 
 `` they will not attack while we have the destiny sword . '' 
 `` have you ever held it ? '' 
 thor asked erec , suddenly curious . 
 `` the sword ? '' 
 `` of course not , '' erec retorted sharply . 
 `` no one is allowed to grasp it , except for descendants of the king . '' 
 thor looked at him , confused . 
 `` i do n't understand ? 
 why ? '' 
 reece cleared his throat . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 he interceded . 
 erec nodded back . 
 `` there is a legend around the sword . 
 it has never actually been hoisted by anyone . 
 legend has it that one man , the chosen one , will be able to hoist it by himself . 
 only the king is allowed to try , or one of the king 's descendants , if named king . 
 so there it sits , untouched . '' 
 `` and what of our current king ? 
 your father ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` ca n't he try to hoist it ? '' 
 reece looked down . 
 `` he tried to hoist it once . 
 when he was crowned . 
 so he tells us . 
 he could not . 
 it sits there like an object of rebuke for him . 
 he hates it . 
 it weighs on him like a living thing . 
 `` when the chosen one arrives , '' reece added , `` he will free the ring from its enemies all around and lead us to a greater destiny than we 've ever known . 
 all wars will end . '' 
 `` fairytales and nonsense , '' elden interceded . 
 `` that sword will be lifted by no one . 
 it is too heavy . 
 it is not possible . 
 and there is no ` chosen one . ' 
 it 's all hogwash . 
 that legend was invented just to keep the common man down , to keep us all waiting for the supposed ` chosen one . ' 
 to embolden the line of macgils . 
 it is a very convenient legend for them . '' 
 `` shut your tongue , boy , '' erec snapped . 
 `` you will always speak respectfully of your king . '' 
 elden looked down , humbled . 
 thor thought about everything , trying to take it all in . 
 it was so much to process at once . 
 all his life he had dreamt of seeing the destiny sword . 
 he had heard stories of its perfect shape . 
 it was rumored to be crafted from a material no one understood , was supposed to be a magical weapon . 
 thor looked around , at the canyon , and could hardly imagine its energy protected the entire ring . 
 it made thor wonder what would happen if they did n't have the sword to protect them . 
 would the king 's army then be vanquished by the empire ? 
 thor looked out at the glowing fires on the horizon . 
 they seemed to stretch for an eternity . 
 `` have you ever been out there ? '' 
 thor asked erec . 
 `` far out there ? 
 beyond the forest ? 
 into the wilds ? '' 
 the others all turned and look at erec , as thor anxiously awaited his reply . 
 in the thick silence , erec stared at the flames for a long time - so long that thor began to doubt he would ever answer . 
 thor hoped he had not been too nosy ; he felt so grateful and indebted to erec , and certainly did n't want to get on his bad side . 
 thor also was n't sure if he wanted to know the answer . 
 just when thor was wishing he could retract his question , erec responded : `` yes , '' he said , solemn . 
 that single word hung in the air for too long , and in it , thor heard the gravity that told him all he needed to know . 
 `` what is it like out there ? '' 
 o'connor asked . 
 thor was relieved that he was not the only one asking the questions . 
 `` it is controlled by one ruthless empire , '' erec said . 
 `` but the land is vast and varied . 
 there is the land of the savages . 
 the land of the slaves . 
 and the land of the monsters . 
 monsters unlike any you can imagine . 
 and there are deserts and mountains and hills as far as you can see . 
 there are the marshes and the swamps and the great ocean . 
 there is the land of the druids . 
 and the land of the dragons . '' 
 thor 's eyes opened wide at the mention of it . 
 `` dragons ? '' 
 he asked , surprised . 
 `` i thought they did n't exist . '' 
 erec looked at him , deadly serious . 
 `` i assure you , they do . 
 and it is a place you never want to go . 
 a place that even the garlons fear . '' 
 thor swallowed at the thought . 
 he could hardly imagine venturing out that deep into the empire . 
 he wondered how erec had ever made it back alive . 
 he made a note mental note to ask him at another time . 
 there were so many questions thor wanted to ask him - about the nature of the evil empire , who ruled it ; why they wanted to attack ; when he had ventured out ; when he had returned . 
 but as thor stared into the flames it grew colder and darker , and as all his questions swirled in his head , he felt his eyes grow heavy . 
 he knew this was not the right time to ask . 
 instead , he let sleep carry him away . 
 he felt his eyes grow heavy , and lay his head down on the ground . 
 before his eyes closed for good , he looked over at the foreign soil , and wondered when - or if - he would ever return home again . 
 thor opened his eyes , confused , wondering where he was and how he had gotten here . 
 he looked down and saw a thick fog up to his waist , so thick he could not see his feet . 
 he turned and saw dawn breaking over the canyon before him . 
 far , on the other side , was his homeland . 
 he was still on this side , the wrong side , of the divide . 
 his heart quickened . 
 thor looked at the bridge , but strangely , it was now empty of soldiers . 
 the whole place , in fact , seemed desolate . 
 he could not understand what was happening . 
 as he watched the bridge , its wooden planks fell one after another , like dominoes . 
 within moments the bridge collapsed , dropped down into the precipice . 
 the bottom was so far down , he never even heard the planks hit . 
 thor swallowed and turned , looking for the others - but they were nowhere in sight . 
 he had no idea what to do . 
 now he was stuck . 
 here , alone , on the other side of the canyon , with no way to get back . 
 he could not understand where everyone had gone . 
 he heard something and turned and looked into the forest . 
 he detected movement . 
 he rose to his feet and walked towards it , his feet sinking into the earth as he went . 
 as he got closer , he saw a net hanging from a low lying branch . 
 there , inside it , was elden . 
 he was spinning around and around in circles , the branches creaking as he moved . 
 a falcon sat perched on his head , a distinct looking creature with a body which gleamed of silver and a single back stripe running down its forehead , between its eyes . 
 it bent over and plucked out his eye , and held it there . 
 it turned to thor , holding the eye in its mouth . 
 thor wanted to look away , but could not . 
 just as he was realizing that elden was a corpse , suddenly , the entire wood came to life . 
 charging out of it , from every direction , came an army of gorals . 
 huge , wearing only loins , with immense muscled chests , three noses placed in a triangle on their face , and two long , curved sharp fangs , they hissed and snarled as they sprinted right for him . 
 it was a hair-raising sound , and there was nowhere for thor to go . 
 he reached down and grabbed for his sword - but looked down to discover it was gone . 
 thor screamed . 
 he woke sitting straight up , breathing hard , looking frantically in every direction . 
 all around him was silence . 
 but it was a real , alive silence , not the silence of his dream . 
 it was then that he realized that he had , indeed , been dreaming . 
 beside him , in the first light of dawn , reece , o'connor , and erec slept sprawled out on the ground , the dying embers of the fire near them . 
 on the ground , hopping , there was a falcon . 
 it turned and cocked its head at thor . 
 it was large and silver and proud , with the single black stripe running down its forehead , and it stared back at him , looking him right in the eye , and screeched . 
 the sound made him shiver . 
 thor could not believe it : it was the same falcon from his dream . 
 it was then he realized the bird was a message - that his dream had been more than a dream . 
 that something was wrong . 
 he could feel it , a slight vibration on his back , running up his arms . 
 he quickly got to his feet , looked all around , wondering what it could be . 
 he heard nothing wrong , and nothing seemed out of place ; he turned and saw that the bridge was still there , and in the distance , the soldiers were all on it . 
 what was it ? 
 he wondered . 
 and then he realized what it was . 
 one of them was missing . 
 elden . 
 at first thor wondered if maybe he had left them , headed back across the bridge to the other side of the canyon . 
 maybe he was ashamed over losing his sword , and had left the region altogether . 
 but then thor turned and looked to the forest , and he could see the fresh indentation in the moss , the footprints heading towards the trail in the morning dew . 
 there was no doubt that those were elden 's . 
 elden had not left them . 
 he had gone back into the forest . 
 alone . 
 maybe to relieve himself . 
 or maybe , thor realized with a shock , to try to retrieve his sword . 
 it was a stupid move , to go alone like that , and it proved how desperate he was . 
 thor sensed right away that there was great danger . 
 he could feel that elden 's life was at stake . 
 the falcon screeched at that moment , as if to confirm thor 's thoughts . 
 then it picked up and flew , diving right for thor 's face . 
 thor ducked his head , and its talons just missed , and it rose in the air , flying away . 
 thor leapt into action . 
 without thinking , without even contemplating what he was doing , he sprinted off into the woods , following the footprints . 
 thor did n't stop to feel the fear as he sprinted alone , deep into the wilds . 
 if he had paused to think how crazy it was , he probably would have frozen , would have felt himself flooded with panic . 
 but instead , he just reacted . 
 he felt a pressing need to help elden . 
 he ran and ran , alone , deeper into the wood in the early light of dawn . 
 `` elden ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 he could n't explain it , but somehow he sensed that elden was about to die . 
 he knew he should n't care , based on the way that elden had treated him , but he could n't help himself : he did . 
 if it were he in this situation , elden would certainly not come to rescue him . 
 it was crazy to put his life on the line for someone who cared nothing for him - and , in fact , would gladly see him die . 
 but he could not help it . 
 he 'd never felt a sensation like this one before , where his senses were screaming to him to react - especially over something he could not possibly have known . 
 he was changing somehow , and he did not know how . 
 he felt as if his body were being controlled by some new , mysterious power , and it made him feel uneasy , out of control . 
 was he losing his mind ? 
 was he overreacting ? 
 was it all just from his dream ? 
 should he turn around ? 
 but he did not . 
 he let his feet lead him , and did not give in to fear or doubts . 
 he ran and ran , until his lungs were bursting . 
 thor turned a bend , and what he saw made him stop short in his tracks . 
 he stood there , trying to catch his breath , trying to reconcile the image before him , which did not make any sense . 
 it was enough to strike terror into any hardened warrior . 
 there stood elden , holding his short sword and looking up at a creature unlike any thor had ever seen . 
 it was horrific . 
 it towered over them both , at least nine feet tall , and as wide as four men . 
 it leaned back and raised its muscular , red arms , with three long fingers , like nails , at the end of each hand , and a head like that of a demon , with four horns , a long jaw , and a broad forehead . 
 it had two large yellow eyes and fangs curled like tusks . 
 it leaned back and screeched . 
 beside him , a thick tree , hundreds of years old , split in two at the sound . 
 elden stood there , frozen in fear . 
 he dropped his sword , and the ground beneath him went wet ; thor realized elden must have peed his pants . 
 the creature drooled and snarled , and took a step towards elden . 
 thor , too , was filled with fear , but unlike elden , it did not immobilize him . 
 for some reason , the fear heightened him . 
 it heightened his senses , made him feel more alive . 
 it gave him tunnel vision , allowed him to focus supremely on the creature before him , on its position to elden , on its width and breadth and strength and speed . 
 on its every movement . 
 it also allowed him to focus on his own body position , his own weapons . 
 thor fearlessly burst into action . 
 he charged forward , past elden , and came between him and the beast . 
 the beast roared , its breath so hot , thor could feel it even from here . 
 the sound raised every hair on thor 's spine , and made him want to turn around . 
 but he heard erec 's voice in his head , telling him to be strong . 
 to be fearless . 
 to retain equanimity . 
 and he forced himself to stand his ground . 
 thor raised his sword high and charged , plunging it into the beast 's ribs , aiming for his heart . 
 the beast shrieked in agony , its blood pouring down thor 's hand as thor plunged the sword all the way in , to the hilt . 
 but to thor 's surprise , it did not die . 
 the beast seemed invincible . 
 without missing a beat , the beast swung around and swiped thor so hard that he felt his ribs cracking . 
 thor went flying , through the air , all the way across the clearing , and smashed into a tree before collapsing to the ground . 
 he felt a terrible headache as he lay there . 
 thor looked up , dazed and confused , the world spinning . 
 the beast reach down and extracted thor 's sword from its stomach . 
 the sword seemed tiny in its hands , like a toothpick , and the beast reached back and hurled it ; it went flying through the trees , taking down branches , and disappeared into the wood . 
 it turned its full attention on thor , and began to bear down on him . 
 elden stood there , still frozen in fear . 
 but as the beast charged thor , suddenly , elden burst into action . 
 he charged the beast from behind , and jumped onto its back . 
 it slowed the beast just enough for thor to sit up ; the beast , furious , flung back his arms and threw elden . 
 he went flying across the clearing , smashed into a tree , and slumped to the ground . 
 the beast , still bleeding , panting heavily , turned its attention back to thor . 
 it snarled and widened its fangs , as it bore down on him . 
 thor was out of options . 
 his sword was gone , and there was nothing between him and the monster . 
 the monster dove down for him , and at the last second , thor rolled out of the way . 
 the monster hit the tree were thor had been with such force that it uprooted it from the ground . 
 the beast raised its foot , and brought it down for thor 's head . 
 thor rolled out of the way and it left a footprint were thor 's head had been . 
 thor rolled to his feet , placed a stone in his sling and hurled . 
 he hit the monster square between the eyes , a fiercer throw than he had ever made , and the creature staggered back . 
 thor was certain he had killed it . 
 but to his amazement , the beast did not stop . 
 thor tried his best to summon his power , whatever power it was that he had . 
 he charged the beast , leaping forward , crashing into it , aiming to tackle it and drive it down to the ground with a superhuman power . 
 but to thor 's shock , this time his power never kicked in . 
 he was just another boy . 
 a frail boy , next to this massive beast . 
 the beast merely reached down , grabbed thor by his waist and hoisted him high above its head . 
 thor felt so helpless , dangling high in the air - and then he was thrown . 
 he went flying like a missile across the clearing , and smashed again into a tree . 
 thor lay there , stunned , his head splitting , his ribs feeling cracked in two . 
 the beast raced for him , and he knew that this time he was finished . 
 it raised its red , muscular foot , bringing it down right for thor 's head . 
 thor looked up , and prepared to die . 
 then , for some reason , the beast froze in midair . 
 thor blinked , trying to understand why . 
 the beast reached up and clutched its throat , and thor saw an arrow , piercing through it . 
 a moment later , the beast keeled over , dead . 
 erec came running into view , followed by reece and o'connor . 
 thor saw erec looking down on him , asking if he was okay , and he wanted to answer , more than anything . 
 but the words would not come out . 
 a moment later , his eyes closed on him , and then his world was blackness . 
 thor opened his eyes slowly , dizzy at first , trying to figure out where he was . 
 he was laying on straw , and for a moment wondered if he was back in the barracks . 
 he propped himself up on one elbow , on alert , looking for the others . 
 he realized he was somewhere else . 
 from the looks of it , he was in a very elaborate stone room . 
 it looked as if he were in a castle . 
 a royal castle . 
 before he could figure it all out , a large , oak door swung open and in strutted reece . 
 in the distance , thor could hear the muted noise of a crowd . 
 `` finally , he lives , '' reece announced with a smile , as he rushed forward and grabbed thor 's hand and yanked him to his feet . 
 thor raised a hand to his head , trying to slow his terrible headache from rising too fast . 
 `` come on , let 's go , everyone 's waiting for you , '' he urged , yanking thor . 
 `` wait a minute , please , '' thor said , trying to collect himself . 
 `` where am i ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` we 're back in king 's court - and you are about to be celebrated as the hero of the day ! '' 
 reece said merrily , as they headed for the door . 
 `` hero ? 
 what do you mean ? 
 and ... how did i get here ? '' 
 he asked , trying to remember . 
 `` that beast knocked you out . 
 you 've been out for quite a while . 
 we had to carry you back across the canyon bridge . 
 quite dramatic . 
 not exactly how i expected you to return to the other side ! '' 
 he said with a laugh . 
 they walked out into the corridors of the castle , and as they went , thor could see all sorts of people - women , men , squires , guards , knights - staring at him , as if they had been waiting for him to wake . 
 he also saw something new in their eyes , something like respect . 
 it was the first time he had seen it . 
 up until now , he had seen something else in people 's eyes : something like disdain . 
 now they looked at him as if he were one of them . 
 `` what exactly happened ? '' 
 though racked his brain , trying to remember . 
 `` do n't you remember any of it ? '' 
 reece asked . 
 thor tried to think . 
 `` i remember running into the wood . 
 fighting with that beast . 
 and then ... '' he tried to think , but was drawing a blank . 
 `` you saved elden 's life , '' reece said . 
 `` you ran fearlessly into the wood , on your own . 
 i do n't know why you wasted energy on saving that prim 's life . 
 but you did . 
 the king is very , very pleased with you . 
 not because he cares about elden . 
 but he cares very much about bravery . 
 he loves to celebrate . 
 it 's important to him , to celebrate stories like this , to inspire the others . 
 and it reflects well on the king , and on the legion . 
 he wants to celebrate . 
 you 're here because he 's going to reward you . '' 
 `` reward me ? '' 
 thor asked , dumbfounded . 
 `` but i did n't do anything ! '' 
 `` you saved elden 's life . '' 
 `` i only reacted . 
 i only did what came naturally . '' 
 `` and that 's exactly why the king wants to reward you . '' 
 thor felt embarrassed . 
 he did n't think that his actions deserved rewarding . 
 after all , if it had n't have been for erec , thor would be dead right now . 
 thor thought about it , and his heart filled with gratitude for erec , once again . 
 he hoped that one day he could repay him . 
 `` but what about our patrol duty ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` we did n't finish it . '' 
 reece put a reassuring hand on his shoulder . 
 `` friend , you saved a boy 's life . 
 a member of the legion . 
 that 's more important than our patrol . '' 
 reece laughed . 
 `` so much for an uneventful first patrol ! '' 
 he added . 
 they finished walking down yet another corridor , and two guards opened a door for them , and thor blinked and found himself in the royal chamber . 
 there must have been a hundred knights standing about the room , with its soaring cathedral ceilings , stained glass , its weapons and suits of armor hung everywhere on the walls , like trophies . 
 the hall of arms . 
 it was the place where all the greatest warriors met , all the men of the silver . 
 thor 's heart raced as he surveyed the walls , all the famous weaponry , the armor of heroic and legendary knights . 
 thor had heard rumors of this place , his entire life . 
 it had been his dream to see it for himself one day . 
 he could hardly believe he was here . 
 he knew that normally no squires were allowed here - no one but the silver . 
 even more surprising , as he entered , real knights turned and looked at him - him - from all sides . 
 and they wore looks of admiration . 
 thor had never seen so many knights in one room , and he had never felt so accepted . 
 it was like walking into a dream . 
 especially since just moments before , he had been fast asleep . 
 reece must have noticed thor 's dumbfounded face . 
 `` the finest of the silver have gathered here to honor you . '' 
 thor felt himself well with pride and disbelief . 
 `` honor me ? 
 but i 've done nothing . '' 
 `` wrong , '' came a voice . 
 thor turned and felt a heavy hand on his shoulder . 
 it was erec , grinning down . 
 `` you have displayed bravery and honor and courage , beyond what was expected of you . 
 you nearly gave up your life to save one of your brethren . 
 that is what we look for in the legion , and this is what we look for in the silver . '' 
 `` you saved my life , '' thor said to erec . 
 `` if it were n't for you , that beast would have killed me . 
 i do n't know how to thank you . '' 
 erec grinned down . 
 `` you already have , '' he answered . 
 `` do n't you remember the joust ? 
 i believe we are even . '' 
 thor marched down the walkway towards macgil 's throne , at the far end of the hall , reece on one side of him and erec on the other . 
 he felt hundreds of eyes on him , and it all felt like a dream . 
 standing around the king were his dozens of counselors , along with his eldest son , kendrick . 
 as thor approached , his heart swelled with pride . 
 he could hardly believe the king was granting him an audience for the second time in as many days - and that so many important men were here to witness it . 
 they reached the king 's throne , macgil stood , and a muted hush overcame the room . 
 macgil 's ponderous expression broke into a wide smile , as he took three steps forward and to thor 's surprise , gave him a hug . 
 a great cheer rose up in the room . 
 he pulled back , held thor firmly by the shoulders , and grinned down . 
 `` you served the legion well , '' he said . 
 a servant handed the king a goblet , and the king raised it and looked all around . 
 in a loud voice , he called out : `` to courage ! '' 
 `` to courage ! '' 
 shouted back the hundreds of men in the room . 
 an excited murmur followed , then the room once again fell quiet . 
 `` in honor of your exploits today , '' the king bellowed , `` i grant you a great gift . '' 
 the king gestured , and an attendant stepped forward , wearing a long , black gauntlet , on which sat a magnificent falcon . 
 it sat there , its claws resting on the gauntlet , and turned , and stared right thor - as if he knew him . 
 it took thor 's breath away . 
 he could hardly believe it . 
 it was the exact falcon from his dream , with its silver body and the single black stripe running down its forehead . 
 `` the falcon is the symbol of our kingdom , and of our royal family , '' macgil boomed . 
 `` it is a bird of prey , of pride and honor . 
 yet it is also a bird of skill , of cunning . 
 it is loyal , and fierce , and it soars above all other animals . 
 it is also a sacred creature . 
 it is said that he who owns a falcon is also owned by one . 
 it will guide you on all your ways . 
 it will leave you , but it will always come back . 
 and now , it is yours . '' 
 the falconer stepped forward , placed a heavy , chainmail gauntlet onto thor 's hand and wrist , then reached out , picked up the bird , and placed it on thor 's gauntlet . 
 thor felt electrified , having it on his arm . 
 he could hardly move . 
 he was shocked by its weight , a struggle just to keep it up as it fidgeted on his wrist . 
 he felt its claws digging in , though luckily he only felt pressure , as he was protected by the gauntlet . 
 the bird turned , stared right at him , and screeched . 
 thor felt it looking into his eyes , and he felt a mystical connection to the animal . 
 he just knew that it would be with him all his days . 
 `` and what shall you name her ? '' 
 the king asked , in the thick silence of the room . 
 thor racked his brain , too frozen to even work . 
 he tried to think quick . 
 he summoned in his mind all the names of all the famed warriors of the kingdom . 
 he turned and scanned the walls , and saw a series of plaques with all the names of battles , all the places of the kingdom . 
 his eyes rested on one particular place . 
 it was a place in the ring which he had never been , but which he had always heard was a mystical , powerful place . 
 it sounded right to him . 
 `` i shall call her estopheles , '' thor called out . 
 `` estopheles ! '' 
 the crowd echoed , sounding pleased . 
 the falcon screeched , as if in response . 
 suddenly , estopheles flapped her wings and flew up high , all the way to the peak of the cathedral ceiling , and out an open window . 
 thor watched her go . 
 `` do n't worry , '' the falconer said , `` she shall always return to you . '' 
 thor turned and looked at the king . 
 he had never been given a gift in his life , much less one of this stature . 
 he hardly knew what to say , how to thank him . 
 he was overwhelmed . 
 `` my liege , '' he said , lowering his head . 
 `` i do n't know how to thank you . '' 
 `` you already have , '' macgil said . 
 the crowd cheered , and the tension in the room was broken . 
 a spirited conversation broke out among the men , and so many knights approached thor , he hardly knew which way to turn . 
 `` that is algod , of the eastern province , '' reece said , introducing him to one . 
 `` and this is kamera , of the low marshes ... and this , basikold , of the northern forts ... '' soon , the names became a blur . 
 thor was overwhelmed . 
 he could hardly believe that all these knights wanted to meet him . 
 he had never felt so accepted or honored anytime in his life and he had a feeling that a day like this would never come again . 
 it was the first time in his life he had a feeling of self-worth . 
 and he could not stop thinking of estopheles . 
 as thor turned every which way , greeting people whose names flowed by , names he could hardly grasp onto , a messenger hurried over , slipping between the knights . 
 he carried a small scroll , which he pressed into thor 's palm . 
 thor rolled it open , and read the fine , delicate handwriting . 
 he could hardly imagine who it was from . 
 he had never been handed a message before in his life : meet me in the back courtyard . 
 behind the gate . 
 thor could smell the delicate fragrance coming off the pink scroll , and was puzzled as he tried to figure out who it was from . 
 it bore no signature . 
 reece leaned over , read it over his shoulder , and laughed . 
 `` it seems my sister has taken a fancy to you , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` i would go if i were you . 
 she hates to be kept waiting . '' 
 thor felt himself blush . 
 `` the rear courtyard is through those gates . 
 hurry . 
 she 's known to change her mind quickly , '' reece smiled as he looked at him . 
 `` and i 'd love to have you in my family . '' 
 thor tried to follow reece 's directions as he wound his way through the crowded castle , but it was not easy . 
 this castle had too many twists and turns , too many hidden back doors , and too many long corridors that seemed to only lead to more corridors . 
 he ran through reece 's directions in his head as he descended yet another small set of steps , turned down another corridor , and finally , he stopped before a small arched door with a red handle , the one that reece had told him about , and pushed it open . 
 thor hurried outside and was struck by the strong light of the summer day ; it felt good to be outdoors , out of that stuffy castle , breathing fresh air , the sun on his face . 
 he squinted , his eyes adjusting in the bright light , and took in the site : before him sprawled the royal gardens , stretching as far as the eye could see , hedges perfectly trimmed in different shapes , forming neat rows of gardens , trails winding amidst them . 
 there were fountains , unusual trees of all types , fruit orchards , ripe with early summer fruits , and fields of flowers , of every size and shape and color . 
 the site took his breath away . 
 it was like walking into a painting . 
 thor looked everywhere for a sign of gwendolyn , his heart pounding . 
 this rear courtyard was empty , and thor assumed it was probably reserved for the royal family , set off from the public with its high , stone garden walls . 
 and yet , he looked everywhere and could not find her . 
 he wondered if her note was a hoax . 
 that was probably it . 
 she was probably just making fun of him , the country bumpkin , amusing herself at his expense . 
 after all , how could someone of her rank , really have any interest in him ? 
 thor looked down and read her note again , then rolled it back up in shame . 
 he had been made fun of . 
 what a fool he was to get his hopes up like that . 
 it hurt him deeply . 
 thor turned and prepared to head back into the castle , head lowered . 
 just as he reached for the door , a voice rang out . 
 `` and where are you going ? '' 
 came the joyful voice . 
 it sounded like a bird 's song . 
 thor wondered if he was imagining it . 
 he spun , searching , and there she was , sitting in the shade beneath a castle wall . 
 she smiled back , dressed in her royal finest , layers of white satin dress , with pink trim , and she looked even more beautiful than he 'd remembered . 
 it was her . 
 gwendolyn . 
 the girl he had been dreaming about since they had met , with her almond , blue eyes and long strawberry hair , with her smile that lit his heart . 
 she wore a large white-and-pink hat , shading her from the sun , beneath which her eyes sparkled ; he could hardly believe she was looking at him . 
 for a moment he felt like turning around to make sure that there was no one else standing behind him that she could be looking at . 
 `` um ... '' thor began . 
 `` i. . . 
 um ... do n't know . 
 i. . . 
 um ... was going inside . '' 
 once again , he was finding himself flustered around her , finding it hard to collect his thoughts and articulate them . 
 she laughed , and it was the most beautiful sound he had ever heard . 
 `` and why would you be doing that ? '' 
 she asked , playful . 
 `` you just arrived . '' 
 thor was flustered . 
 his tongue was tied . 
 `` i. . . 
 um ... could n't find you , '' he said , embarrassed . 
 she laughed again . 
 `` well , i 'm right here . 
 are n't you going to come and get me ? '' 
 she held out a single hand , and thor rushed over to her , reached down and took her hand . 
 he was electrified by the touch of her skin , so smooth and soft , her frail hand fitting perfectly inside of his . 
 she looked up at him and let her hand linger there a moment , before slowly rising . 
 he loved the feel of her fingertips in his palm , and hoped she would never take them away . 
 she withdrew her hand , then placed her arm in his , locking arms . 
 she began to walk , leading the way down the series of winding trails . 
 they walked along a small cobblestone path , and soon they were inside a labyrinth of hedges , protected from outside view . 
 thor was nervous . 
 he did not know if he , a commoner , would get in trouble , walking like this with the king 's daughter . 
 he felt a light sweat break out on his forehead , and did not know if it was from the heat or from her touch . 
 he was n't sure what to say . 
 `` you 've caused quite a stir here , have n't you ? '' 
 she asked with a smile . 
 he was grateful that she broke the awkward silence . 
 thor shrugged . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` and why would n't you mean to ? 
 is n't it good to cause a stir ? '' 
 thor was stymied . 
 he hardly knew how to respond . 
 it seemed as if he always said the wrong thing . 
 `` this place is so stuffy and boring anyway , '' she said . 
 `` it 's nice to have a newcomer . 
 my father seems to have taken quite a liking to you . 
 so has my brother . '' 
 `` um ... thanks , '' thor replied . 
 he was kicking himself , dying inside . 
 he knew he should say more , and he wanted to . 
 he just did not know what to say . 
 `` do you ... '' he began , racking his brain for the right thing to say , `` like it here ? '' 
 she leaned back and laughed . 
 `` do i like it here ? '' 
 she . 
 `` but i should hope so . 
 i live here ! '' 
 she laughed again and thor felt himself redden . 
 he felt that he was really messing things up . 
 but he was n't raised around girls , he had never had a girlfriend in his village , and he just did n't know what to say to her . 
 what could he ask her ? 
 where are you from ? 
 he already knew where she was from . 
 he started to wonder why she bothered with him ; was it just for her amusement ? 
 `` why do you like me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she looked back at him , and made a funny sound . 
 `` you are a presumptuous boy , '' she chuckled . 
 `` who says i like you ? '' 
 she asked with a huge smile . 
 clearly , everything he said amused her . 
 thor now felt as if he 'd gotten himself into deeper trouble . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to say that . 
 i was just wondering . 
 i mean ... um ... i know you do n't like me . '' 
 she laughed harder . 
 `` you are amusing , i have to give you that . 
 i take it you 've never had a girlfriend , have you ? '' 
 thor looked down and shook his head , humiliated . 
 `` i assume no sisters , either ? '' 
 she pressed . 
 thor shook his head . 
 `` i have three brothers , '' he blurted out . 
 finally , at least , he had managed to say something normal . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` and where are they ? 
 back in your village ? '' 
 thor shook his head . 
 `` no , they are here , in the legion , with me . '' 
 `` well that must be comforting . '' 
 thor shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 they do n't like me . 
 they wish i was n't here . '' 
 it was the first time her smile dropped . 
 `` and why would n't they like you ? '' 
 she asked , horrified . 
 `` your own brothers ? '' 
 thor shrugged . 
 `` i wish i knew . '' 
 they walked a while more in silence . 
 he was suddenly afraid that he was killing their happy mood . 
 `` but do n't worry , it does n't bother me . 
 it 's always been that way . 
 in fact , actually , i 've met good friends here . 
 better friends than i 've ever had . '' 
 `` my brother ? 
 reece ? '' 
 she asked . 
 thor nodded . 
 `` reece is a good one , '' she said . 
 `` he 's my favorite in some ways . 
 i have four brothers , you know . 
 three are true , and one is not . 
 the eldest is my dad 's son from another woman . 
 my half-brother . 
 you know him , kendrick ? '' 
 thor nodded . 
 `` i owe him a great debt . 
 it is thanks to him that i have a spot in the legion . 
 he 's a fine man . '' 
 `` it 's true . 
 he 's one of the finest men in the kingdom . 
 i love him , as much as a true brother . 
 and then there 's reece , who i love just as much . 
 the other two ... well ... you know how families are . 
 not everyone gets along . 
 sometimes i wonder how the four of us all come from the same people . '' 
 now thor was curious . 
 he wanted to know more about who they were , her relationship to them , why they were were n't close . 
 he wanted to ask her , but did n't want to pry . 
 and she did n't seem to want to dwell on it , either . 
 she seemed to be a happy person , a person who only liked to focus on happy things . 
 as they finished the labyrinth trail , the courtyard opened up , and thor was amazed to see a new garden , where the grass was perfectly trimmed and designed into shapes , with huge wooden pieces placed on it . 
 it was a massive game board of some sort , sprawling at least fifty feet in each direction , with huge wooden pieces , higher than thor , placed throughout . 
 gwen cried out in delight . 
 `` will you play ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she turned , her eyes opened wide in amazement . 
 `` you 've never played racks ? '' 
 she asked . 
 thor shook his head , embarrassed , feeling more like a country rube than ever . 
 `` it is the finest game ! '' 
 she exclaimed . 
 she reached out with her two hands and yanked his , dragging him onto the field . 
 she bounded off with delight and he could n't help but smile himself , as she tugged him . 
 more than anything , more than the field , more than this beautiful place , it was the feel of her hands on his that electrified him . 
 the feeling of being wanted . 
 she wanted him to go with her . 
 she wanted to spend time with him . 
 he could hardly believe it . 
 why would anyone care about him ? 
 especially someone like her ? 
 he still felt as if this were all a dream . 
 `` stand over there , '' she said . 
 `` behind that piece . 
 you have to move it , and you have only ten seconds to do so . '' 
 `` what do you mean move it ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` choose a direction , quickly ! '' 
 she cried out . 
 thor picked up the huge wooden block , surprised at its weight . 
 he carried it several steps , and put it down on another square . 
 without hesitating , gwen pushed her own piece over , and it landed on thor 's , knocking his down to the ground . 
 she cried out in delight . 
 `` that was a bad move ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` you got right in my way ! 
 you lost ! '' 
 thor looked at the two pieces on the ground , puzzled . 
 he did n't understand this game at all . 
 she laughed , taking his arm as she continued to lead him down the trails . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'll teach you , '' she said . 
 his heart soared at her words . 
 she 'd teach him . 
 he could hardly believe it . 
 she would teach him . 
 she wanted to see him again . 
 to spend time with him . 
 was he imagining all of this ? 
 `` so tell me , what do you think of this place ? '' 
 she asked , as she led him into another series of labyrinths . 
 this one was decorated with flowers , eight feet high , bursting with color , strange insects hovering over their tips . 
 `` it is the most beautiful place i 've ever seen , '' thor answer truthfully . 
 `` and why do you want to be a member of the legion ? '' 
 `` it is all i ever dreamed of , '' he replied . 
 `` but why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` because you want to serve my father ? '' 
 thor thought about that . 
 he 'd never really wondered why - it was always just there . 
 `` yes , '' answered . 
 `` i do . 
 and the ring . '' 
 `` but what about life ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` do n't you want to have a family ? 
 land ? 
 a wife ? '' 
 she stopped and looked at him ; it threw him . 
 he was frazzled . 
 he had never considered these things before , and he hardly knew how to respond . 
 her eyes sparkled as she glanced back at him . 
 `` um ... i. . . 
 i do n't know . 
 i never really thought about it . '' 
 `` and what would your mother say about that ? '' 
 she asked , playfully . 
 thor 's smile lowered . 
 `` i do n't have a mother , '' he said . 
 her smile dropped , for the first time . 
 `` what happened to her ? '' 
 she asked . 
 thor was about to answer her , to tell her everything . 
 it would be the first time in his life that he had ever spoken about her , to anyone . 
 and the crazy thing was , he wanted to . 
 he wanted , desperately , to open up to her , this stranger , and to let her know everything about his deepest feelings . 
 but as he opened his mouth to speak , suddenly a harsh voice came from out of nowhere . 
 `` gwendolyn ! '' 
 shrieked the voice . 
 they both spun to see her mother , the queen , dressed in her finest , accompanied by her handmaids , marching right for her daughter . 
 her face was livid . 
 she walked right up to her , grabbed her roughly by the arm , and yanked her away . 
 `` you get back inside right now . 
 what did i tell you ? 
 i do n't want you speaking to him ever again . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 gwen 's face reddened , then transformed with anger and pride . 
 `` get off of me ! '' 
 she yelled at her mother . 
 but it was no use : her mother kept dragging her away , and her handmaids encircled her , too . 
 `` i said get off of me ! '' 
 gwen yelled . 
 she turned and took one look back at thor , with a desperate , sad look , one of pleading . 
 thor understood the feeling . 
 it was one that he felt himself . 
 he wanted to call out to her , and felt his heart breaking as he watched her get dragged away . 
 it was like watching a future life get taken away from him , right before his eyes . 
 he stood there for long after she disappeared from view , staring , rooted to the place , breathless . 
 he did n't want to leave , did n't want to forget all of this . 
 most of all , he did not want to imagine that he might not ever see her again . 
 as thor ambled back to the castle , still reeling from his encounter with gwen , he was barely even aware of his surroundings . 
 his mind was consumed by thoughts of her ; he could not stop seeing her face . 
 she was magnificent . 
 the most beautiful and kind and sweet and gentle and loving and funny person he had ever met . 
 he needed to see her again . 
 he actually felt pained at the absence of her presence . 
 he did n't understand his feelings for her , and that scared him . 
 he barely knew her , yet he knew already that he could not be without her . 
 yet at the same time , he thought back to her mother , yanking her way , and his stomach sank to think of the powerful forces standing between them . 
 forces that did not want them to be together , for some reason . 
 as he racked his brain , trying to get to the bottom of it , suddenly he felt a stiff hand on his chest , stopping him hard in his tracks . 
 he looked up to see a boy , maybe a couple of years older than him , tall and thin , dressed in the most expensive clothes he had ever seen - in royal purple and green and scarlet silks , with an elaborate feathered hat - grimacing down . 
 the boy looked dainty , spoiled , as if raised in the lap of luxury , with softened hands and high arched eyebrows that peered down disdainfully . 
 `` they call me alton , '' the boy began . 
 `` i am the son of lord alton , first cousin to the king . 
 we have been lords of the realm for seven centuries . 
 which entitles me to be a duke . 
 you , by contrast , are a commoner , '' he said , nearly spitting the word . 
 `` the royal court is for royalty . 
 and for men of rank . 
 not for your kind . '' 
 thor stood there , having no idea who this boy was or what he had done to upset him . 
 `` what do you want of me ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 alton snickered . 
 `` of course , you would not know . 
 you probably do n't know anything , do you ? 
 how dare you barge in here and pretend to be one of us ! '' 
 he spat . 
 thor hardly knew how to respond . 
 `` i 'm not pretending anything , '' he said . 
 `` well , i do n't care whatever wave you washed in on . 
 i just want to warn you , before you get any more fantasies in your head , that gwendolyn is mine . '' 
 thor stared back , shocked . 
 his ? 
 he hardly knew what to say . 
 `` our marriage has been arranged since birth , '' alton continued . 
 `` we are of the same age , and of the same rank . 
 plans are already in motion . 
 do n't you dare think , even for instant , that it will be any different . '' 
 thor felt as if the wind had been knocked out of him ; he did n't even have the strength to respond . 
 alton took a step closer , and stared down . 
 `` you see , '' he said in a soft voice , `` i allow gwen her flirtations . 
 she has many . 
 every once in a while she 'll take pity on a commoner , or perhaps a servant . 
 she will allow them to be her entertainment , her amusement . 
 you might have come to the conclusion that it is something more . 
 but that 's all it is for gwynn . 
 you are just another acquaintance , another amusement . 
 she collects them , like dolls . 
 they do n't mean anything to her . 
 she 's excited by the newest commoner , and after a day or two , she gets bored . 
 she shall drop you quickly . 
 you 're nothing to her , really . 
 and by year 's end she and i will be wed. . 
 forever . '' 
 the boy 's eyes opened wide , and thor could see his fierce determination . 
 thor felt his heart breaking at his words . 
 were they true ? 
 was he really nothing to gwynn ? 
 now he was confused ; he hardly knew what to believe . 
 she had seemed so genuine . 
 but maybe thor had just been jumping to the wrong conclusion ? 
 `` you 're lying , '' thor finally said back . 
 alton sneered , and then raised a single , pampered finger , and jabbed it into thor 's chest . 
 `` if i see you near your again , i 'll use my authority to call the royal guard . 
 they will have you imprisoned ! '' 
 `` on what grounds !? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` i need no grounds . 
 i have rank here . 
 i will make one up , and it is me they will believe . 
 by the time i 'm done slandering you , half the kingdom will believe you are a criminal . '' 
 alton smiled , self-satisfied ; thor felt sick . 
 `` you lack honor , '' thor said , uncomprehending that anyone could act with such indecency . 
 alton laughed , a high-pitched sound . 
 `` i never had it to begin with , '' he said . 
 `` honor is for fools . 
 i have what i want . 
 you can keep your honor . 
 and i will have gwendolyn . '' 
 thor walked with reece out the arched gate of king 's court and onto the country road that led to the legion 's barracks . 
 the guards stood at attention for them as they passed and thor felt a great sense of belonging . 
 he was finally starting to feel like he was n't such an outsider . 
 he thought back to just a few days before , when a guard had chased him out of here . 
 how much had changed , so quickly . 
 thor heard a screeching and looked up to see , high overhead , estopheles , circling , looking down . 
 she dove , and thor , excited , held out his wrist , still wearing the metal gauntlet . 
 but she rose again , and flew off . 
 she flew higher and higher , never completely out of sight . 
 thor wondered . 
 she was a mystical animal , and he felt an intense connection to her that was hard to explain . 
 thor and reece continued in silence , keeping a quick pace towards the barracks . 
 thor knew his brethren would be awaiting him , and wondered what sort of reception he would receive . 
 would there be envy , jealousy ? 
 would they be mad that he got all this attention ? 
 would they make fun of him for being carried back across the canyon ? 
 or would they finally accept him ? 
 thor hoped it was the latter . 
 he was tired of struggling with the rest of the legion and just wanted , more than anything , to belong . 
 to be accepted as one of them . 
 the barracks came into sight in the distance , and thor 's mind began to be preoccupied with something else . 
 gwendolyn . 
 thor did n't know how much he could talk to reece about this , given that it was his sister . 
 but he could not get her out of his mind . 
 he could n't stop thinking of his encounter with that menacing royal , alton , and wondered how much of what he said was true . 
 a part of him feared to discuss it with reece , not wanting to risk upsetting him somehow and losing his new friend over his sister . 
 but another part of him had to know what he thought . 
 `` who is alton ? '' 
 thor finally asked , hesitant . 
 `` alton ? '' 
 reece repeated . 
 `` why do you ask of him ? '' 
 thor shrugged , unsure how much to say . 
 luckily , reece continued . 
 `` he 's but a menacing , lesser royal . 
 third cousin to the king . 
 why ? 
 has he been after you about something ? '' 
 then reece narrowed his eyes . 
 `` gwen ? 
 is that it ? 
 i should 've warned you . '' 
 thor turned and looked at reece , eager to hear more . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` he 's a lout . 
 he 's been after my sister since he could walk . 
 he 's certain the two of them will be wed. . 
 my mother seems to think so , too . '' 
 `` will they ? '' 
 thor asked , surprised by the urgency in his own voice . 
 reece looked at him and smiled . 
 `` my , my , you have fallen for her , have n't you ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` that was fast . '' 
 thor reddened , hoping it was n't so obvious . 
 `` whether or not they do would depend on my sister 's feelings for him , '' reece finally answered . 
 `` unless they forced her into marriage . 
 but i doubt my father would do that . '' 
 `` and how does she feel for him ? '' 
 thor pressed , afraid he was being too nosy , but needing to know . 
 reece shrugged . 
 `` you 'd have to ask her , i guess . 
 i never talk to her about it . '' 
 `` but would he force her into marriage ? '' 
 reece pressed . 
 `` could he really do such a thing ? '' 
 `` my father can do anything he wants . 
 but that 's between him and gwyn . '' 
 reece turned and looked at thor . 
 `` why all these questions ? 
 what did you talk about ? '' 
 thor blushed , unsure what to say . 
 `` nothing , '' he said finally . 
 `` nothing ! '' 
 reece laughed . 
 `` sounds like a lot of nothing to me ! '' 
 reece laughed harder , and thor was embarrassed , wondering if he was just imagining that gwen liked him . 
 reece reached over and put a firm hand on his shoulder . 
 `` listen old mate , '' reece said , `` the only thing you can know for sure about gwen is that she knows what she wants . 
 and she gets what she wants . 
 that 's always been the case . 
 she 's as strong-willed as my father . 
 no one can force her to do anything - or like anyone - she does n't want . 
 so do n't worry . 
 if she chooses you , trust me , she 'll let you know . 
 okay ? '' 
 thor nodded , feeling better , as always , after he talked to reece . 
 he looked up and saw the huge gates to the legion 's barracks before him . 
 he was surprised to see several of the other boys standing at the gate , as if waiting for them , and even more surprised to see them grinning , and let out a cheer at the sight of him . 
 they rushed forward , grabbed thor by the shoulders , draped their arms around him , and pulled him inside . 
 thor was amazed as he was swept inside in an embrace of goodwill by the others . 
 `` tell us about the canyon . 
 what 's it like on the other side ? '' 
 one asked . 
 `` what was the creature like ? 
 the one that you killed ? '' 
 another asked . 
 `` i did n't kill him , '' thor protested . 
 `` erec did . '' 
 `` i heard you saved elden 's life , '' one said . 
 `` i heard you attacked the creature head-on . 
 without any real weapons . '' 
 `` you 're one of us now ! '' 
 one yelled out , and the other kids cheered , ushering him along , as if he were their long-lost brother . 
 thor could hardly believe it . 
 the more he heard their words , the more he realized that maybe they did have a point . 
 maybe he had been brave after all . 
 he never really thought about it . 
 for the first time in a long while , he was starting to feel good about himself . 
 most of all because now , finally , he felt like he belonged with these boys . 
 he felt tension releasing from his shoulders . 
 thor was ushered out into the main training ground , and before him stood dozens more of the legion , along with dozens of the silver . 
 they , too , let out a cheer at the sight of him . 
 they all came forward , and patted him on the back . 
 thor was amazed . 
 he hardly knew how to react . 
 kolk stepped forward , and the others quieted . 
 thor braced himself , since kolk never had anything but contempt for thor . 
 but now , to thor 's surprise , he looked down at him with a different sort of expression . 
 while he still could n't quite bring himself to smile , he was n't scowling , either . 
 and thor could have sworn he detected something like admiration in his eyes . 
 kolk stepped forward , held up a small pin of a black falcon , and pinned it on thor 's chest . 
 thor looked down and could hardly believe it . 
 the pin of the legion . 
 he had been accepted . 
 finally , he was one of them . 
 `` thorgrin of the southern province of the western kingdom , '' kolk said , gravely . 
 `` we welcome you to the legion . '' 
 the boys let out a shout , then all rushed in , draping their arms around thor and swaying him this way and that . 
 thor could n't even take it all in . 
 he tried not to . 
 he just wanted to enjoy this moment . 
 now , finally , there was somewhere he belonged . 
 kolk turned and faced the other boys . 
 `` okay boys , calm yourselves , '' he commanded . 
 `` today is a special day . 
 no more pitchforks and polish and horse crap for you . 
 now it 's time to really train . 
 it 's weapons day . '' 
 the boys returned an excited shout , and followed kolk as he trotted across the training field , towards a huge circular building made of oak , with shining bronze doors . 
 thor walked with the group as they approached , an excited buzz in the air . 
 reece was by his side , and o'connor came up and joined them . 
 `` never thought i 'd see you alive again , '' o'connor said , smiling and clapping a hands on his shoulder . 
 `` next time , let me wake up first , will you ? '' 
 thor smiled back . 
 `` what is that building ? '' 
 thor asked reece , as they got closer . 
 there were immense iron rivets all over the door , and the place had an imposing presence . 
 `` the weapons house , '' reece answered . 
 `` it 's where they store all our arms . 
 every once in a while they let us get a peek , even train with some of them . 
 depends what lesson they want to impart . '' 
 thor 's stomach tightened as he noticed elden , coming over to them . 
 thor braced himself , expecting a threat - but this time , to thor 's amazement , elden wore a look of appreciation . 
 `` i have to thank you , '' he said , looking down , humbled . 
 `` for saving my life . '' 
 thor was stumped : he had never expected this from him . 
 `` i was wrong about you , '' elden added . 
 `` friends ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he held out a hand . 
 thor was not one to hold a grudge , and he gladly reached over and met his hand . 
 `` friends , '' thor said . 
 `` i do n't take that word lightly , '' elden said . 
 `` i will always have your back . 
 and i owe you one . '' 
 with that , he turned and hurried off , back into the crowd . 
 thor barely knew what to make of it . 
 he was amazed at how quickly things had changed . 
 `` i guess he 's not a complete creep , '' o'connor said . 
 `` maybe he 's okay after all . '' 
 they reached the weapons house , the immense doors swung open , and thor was in awe as he entered . 
 he walked slowly , neck craned , surveying the place in a broad circle , taking it all in . 
 there were hundreds of weapons , weapons he did n't even recognize , hanging on the walls . 
 the other kids hurried forward in an excited rush , running up to weapons , picking them up , handling them , examining them . 
 thor followed their example , and felt like a kid in a candy store . 
 he hurried over to a large halberd , hoisted the wooden shaft with two hands , and felt its weight . 
 it was massive , well oiled . 
 the blade was worn and notched , and he wondered if it had killed any men in battle . 
 he set it down and picked up a mace , a studded metal ball attached to a short staff by a long chain . 
 he held the studded wooden shaft , and felt the metal spike dangle on the end of the chain . 
 beside him , reece handled a battle ax , and beside him , o'connor tested the weight of a long pike , jabbing into the air at an imaginary enemy . 
 `` listen up ! '' 
 kolk yelled , and they all turned . 
 `` today we will learn about fighting your enemy from a distance . 
 can anyone here tell me what weapons can be used ? 
 what can kill a man from thirty paces away ? '' 
 `` a bow and arrow , '' somebody yelled . 
 `` yes , '' kolk answered . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 `` a spear ! '' 
 someone shouted . 
 `` what else ? 
 there are more than just these . 
 let 's hear them . '' 
 `` a slingshot , '' thor added . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 thor racked his brain , but was running out of options . 
 `` throwing knives , '' reece yelled . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 the other boys hesitated . 
 no one had any ideas left . 
 `` there are throwing hammers , '' kolk yelled , `` and throwing axes . 
 there is the crossbow . 
 pikes can be thrown . 
 so can swords . '' 
 kolk paced the room , looking over the faces of the boys , who stood rapt with attention . 
 `` that is not all . 
 a simple rock from the ground can be your best friend . 
 i 've seen a man , big as a bull , a war hero , killed on the spot by a throw from a rock by a craftier soldier . 
 soldiers often do n't realize that armor can be used as a weapon , too . 
 the gauntlet can be taken off and thrown in an enemy 's face . 
 this can stun him , several feet away . 
 in that moment , you can kill him . 
 your shield can be thrown , too . '' 
 kolk took a breath . 
 `` it is crucial that when you learn to fight , you do n't just learn to fight in the distance between you and your opponent . 
 you must expand your fight to a much greater distance . 
 most people fight with three paces . 
 a good warrior fights with thirty . 
 understood ? '' 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 came the chorus of shouts . 
 `` good . 
 today , we will sharpen your throwing skills . 
 canvas the room and grab what throwing devices you see . 
 each grab one and be outside in thirty seconds . 
 now move ! '' 
 the room erupted into a scramble , and thor ran for the wall , searching for something to grab . 
 he was bumped and pushed every which way by other excited boys , until he finally saw what he wanted and grabbed it . 
 it was a small throwing axe . 
 o'connor grabbed a dagger , reece a sword , and the three of them raced out , with the other boys , into the field . 
 they followed kolk to the far side of the field , where there were lined up a dozen shields on posts . 
 all the boys , holding their weapons , gathered around kolk expectantly . 
 `` you will stand here , '' he boomed out , gesturing to a line in the dirt , `` and aim for those shields when throwing your weapons . 
 you will then run to the shields , grab a weapon that was not yours , and practice throwing that . 
 never choose the same weapon . 
 always aim for the shield . 
 for those of you who miss a shield , you will be required to run one lap around the field . 
 begin ! '' 
 the boys lined up , shoulder to shoulder , behind the dirt line , and began to throw their weapons at the shields , which must have been a good thirty yards away . 
 thor fell in line with them . 
 the boy beside him reached back and threw his spear , and it missed by a hair . 
 the boy turned and began to jog around the arena . 
 as he did , a member of the king 's men ran up beside him , and laid a heavy mantle of chainmail over his shoulders , weighing him down . 
 `` run with that , boy ! '' 
 he ordered . 
 the boy , weighed down , already sweating , continued to run in the heat . 
 thor did not want to miss the target . 
 he leaned back , concentrated , pulled his throwing axe back , and let it go . 
 he closed his eyes and hoped it hit its mark , and was relieved to hear the sound of it embedding itself in the leather shield . 
 he barely made it , hitting a lower corner , but at least he did . 
 all around him , several boys missed and broke off into laps . 
 the few that hit raced for the shields to grab a new weapon . 
 thor reached the shields and found a long , slim throwing dagger , which he extracted , then ran back to the throwing line . 
 they continued to throw for hours , until thor 's arm was killing him and he had run one too many laps himself . 
 he was dripping in sweat , as were others around him . 
 it was an interesting exercise , to throw all sorts of weapons , to get used to the feel and weight of all different shafts and blades . 
 thor felt himself getting better , more used to it , with each throw . 
 but still , the heat was oppressive , and he was getting tired . 
 there were only a dozen boys still standing before the shields , with most of them broken off into laps . 
 it was just too hard to hit so many times , with so many different weapons , and the laps and the heat were making accuracy even worse . 
 thor was gasping , and did n't know how much longer he could go on . 
 just when he felt he was about to collapse , suddenly , kolk stepped forward . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 the boys returned from their laps and collapsed on the grass . 
 they lay there , panting , breathing hard , removing the heavy coats of chain mail that had been draped on them . 
 thor , too , sat down in the grass , arm exhausted , dripping with sweat . 
 some of the king 's men came around with buckets of water and dropped them on the grass . 
 reece reached out , grabbed one , drank from it , then handed it to o'connor , who drank and handed it to thor . 
 thor drank and drank , the water dripping down his chin and chest . 
 the water felt amazing . 
 he breathed hard as he handed it back to reece . 
 `` how long can this go on ? '' 
 he asked . 
 reece shook his head , gasping . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` i swear they 're trying to kill us , '' came the voice . 
 thor turned and saw elden , who had come up and sat beside him . 
 thor was surprised to see him there , and it sank in that elden truly wanted to be friends . 
 it was odd to see such a change in his behavior . 
 `` boys ! '' 
 kolk yelled , walking slowly between them . 
 `` more of you are missing your marks now , late in the day . 
 as you can see , it is harder to be accurate when you 're tired . 
 that 's the point . 
 during battle , you will not be fresh . 
 you will be exhausted . 
 some battles can go on for days . 
 especially if you are attacking a castle . 
 and it is when you 're at your most tired that you must make your most accurate throw . 
 often you will be forced to throw whatever weapon is at your disposal . 
 you must be an expert in every weapon , and in every state of exhaustion . 
 is that understood ? '' 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 they shouted back . 
 `` some of you can throw a knife , or a spear . 
 but that same person is missing with a hammer or axe . 
 do you think you can survive by throwing one weapon ? '' 
 `` no sir ! '' 
 `` do you think this is just a game ? '' 
 `` no sir ! '' 
 kolk grimaced as he paced , kicking boys in the back who he felt were not sitting up straight enough . 
 `` you 've rested long enough , '' he said . 
 `` back on your feet ! '' 
 thor scrambled to his feet with the others , his legs weary , not sure how much more of this he could stand . 
 `` there are two sides to distance fighting , '' kolk continued . 
 `` you can throw - but so can your enemy . 
 he may not be safe at thirty paces away - but you may not be , either . 
 you must learn how to defend yourself at thirty paces . 
 is that understood ? '' 
 `` yes sir ! '' 
 `` to defend yourself from a throwing object , you will need to not only be aware and quick on your feet , to duck , or roll , or dodge - but to also be adept at protecting yourself with a large shield . '' 
 kolk gestured , and a soldier brought out a huge , heavy shield . 
 thor was amazed : it was nearly twice the size of him . 
 `` do i have a volunteer ? '' 
 kolk asked . 
 the group of boys was quiet , hesitant , and without thinking , thor , swept up in the moment , raised his hand . 
 kolk nodded , and thor hurried forward . 
 `` good , '' kolk said . 
 `` at least one of you is dumb enough to volunteer . 
 i like your spirit , boy . 
 a stupid decision . 
 but good . '' 
 thor was beginning to wonder if he had made a bad decision as kolk handed him the huge metal shield . 
 he fastened it to one arm , and could not believe how heavy it was . 
 he was barely able to lift it . 
 `` thor , your mission is to run from this end of the field to the other . 
 unscathed . 
 see those fifty boys facing you ? '' 
 kolk said to thor . 
 `` they are all going to throw weapons at you . 
 real weapons . 
 do you understand ? 
 if you do not use your shield to protect you , you may die before you make it to the other side . '' 
 thor stared back , unbelieving . 
 the crowd of boys grew very quiet . 
 `` this is not a game , '' kolk continued . 
 `` this is very serious . 
 battle is serious . 
 it is life-and-death . 
 are you sure you still want to volunteer ? '' 
 thor nodded , too frozen in terror to say anything else . 
 he could hardly change his mind at this point , not in front of everyone . 
 `` good . '' 
 kolk gestured to an attendant , who stepped forward and blew a horn . 
 `` run ! '' 
 kolk screamed . 
 thor hoisted the heavy shield with two hands , grasping it with all that he had . 
 as he did , he felt a resounding thud , so severe it shook his skull . 
 it must have been a metal hammer . 
 it did n't pierce the shield , but it sent an awful shock throughout his system . 
 he nearly dropped the shield , but forced himself to grasp it , and to move on . 
 thor began to run , hobbling as fast as he could with the shield . 
 as weapons and missiles flew past him , he forced himself to huddle within the shield as best he could . 
 the shield was his lifeline . 
 and as he ran , he learned how to stay within it . 
 an arrow flew by him , missing him by a fraction of an inch , and he pulled his chin back tighter . 
 another heavy object slammed against the shield , hitting him so hard that he stumbled back several feet and collapsed to the ground . 
 but thor stumbled back to his feet , and continued to run . 
 with a supreme effort , gasping for air , finally he crossed the field . 
 `` yield ! '' 
 kolk yelled . 
 thor dropped the shield , dripping in sweat . 
 he was beyond grateful that he had reached the other side : he did n't know if he could 've held that shield for another moment . 
 thor hurried back to the others , many of whom gave him looks of admiration . 
 he wondered how he had survived . 
 `` nice work , '' reece whispered to him . 
 `` any other volunteers ? '' 
 kolk called out . 
 there was dead silence among the boys . 
 clearly , after watching thor , no one else wanted to try . 
 thor felt proud of himself . 
 he was n't sure if he would have volunteered knowing what was entailed , but now that it was over , he was glad that he did it . 
 `` fine . 
 then i will volunteer for you , '' kolk yelled . 
 `` you ! 
 saden ! '' 
 he called out , pointing to someone . 
 an older , thin boy stepped forward , looking terrified . 
 `` me ? '' 
 saden said , his voice cracking . 
 the other boys laughed at him . 
 `` of course you . 
 who else ? '' 
 kolk said . 
 `` i 'm sorry sir , but i would rather not . '' 
 a horrified gasp arose among the legion . 
 kolk stepped forward , approaching him , grimacing . 
 `` you do n't do what you want , '' kolk growled . 
 `` you do what i tell you to do . '' 
 saden stood there , frozen , looking scared to death . 
 `` he should n't be here , '' reece whispered to thor . 
 thor turned and looked at him . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` he comes from a noble family , and they placed them here . 
 but he does n't want to be here . 
 he 's not a fighter . 
 kolk knows that . 
 i think they 're trying to break him . 
 i think they want him out . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry sir , but i can not , '' saden said , sounding terrified . 
 `` you can , '' kolk screamed , `` and you will ! '' 
 there was a frozen , tense standoff . 
 saden looked down to the ground , hanging his chin in shame . 
 `` i am sorry , sir . 
 give me some other task , and i will gladly do it . '' 
 kolk turned red in the face , storming towards him until he was inches from his face . 
 `` i will give you another task , boy . 
 i do n't care who your family is . 
 from now on , you will run . 
 you will run around this field until you collapse . 
 and you will not come back until you volunteer to take up this shield . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 saden looked as if he were about to burst into tears , as he nodded back . 
 a soldier came over , draped chainmail over saden , and then a second arrived and draped another set of chainmail on him . 
 thor could not understand how he could bear the weight of it . 
 he could barely run with one of them on . 
 kolk leaned back and kicked saden hard in the rear , and he went stumbling forward and began his long , slow jog around the field . 
 thor felt bad for him . 
 as he watched him hobble around , he could n't help but wonder if the boy would survive the legion . 
 suddenly a horn was sounded , and thor turned to see a company of the king 's men ride up on horseback , a dozen of the silver with them , holding long spears , wearing feathered helmets . 
 they rode up and stopped before the legion . 
 `` in honor of the king 's daughter 's wedding day , and in honor of the summer solstice , the king has declared the rest of today a hunting day ! '' 
 all the boys around thor erupted into a huge cheer . 
 as one , they all broke off into a sprint , following the horses as they turned and charged across the field . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 thor asked reece , as he began to run with the others . 
 reece wore a huge smile on his face . 
 `` it 's a godsend ! '' 
 he said . 
 `` we 're off for the day ! 
 we get to hunt ! '' 
 thor jogged down the forest trail with the others , holding the spear that had been handed to him for the hunt . 
 beside him were reece , o'connor and elden , along with at least fifty other members of the legion . 
 in front of them rode a hundred silver , on horseback and in light armor , some carrying short spears , but most with bows and arrows slung over their backs . 
 running on foot amongst them were dozens of squires and attendants . 
 riding at the front was king macgil , looking as huge and proud as ever , an excited grin on his face . 
 he was flanked by his sons , kendrick and gareth , and , thor was surprised to see , even godfrey . 
 dozens of pages ran amidst them , a few of them leaning back and blowing horns made of long ivory tusks ; others yanked at baying dogs , who anxiously ran forward to keep up with the horses . 
 it was complete mayhem . 
 as the huge group charged through the forest , they began to split off in every direction , and thor hardly knew where they were going , or which group to follow . 
 erec rode close by , and thor and the others decided to follow his trail . 
 thor came running up beside reece . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 he asked reece , out of breath as they ran . 
 `` deep into the wood , '' reece called back . 
 `` the king 's men aim to bring back days ' worth of foul . '' 
 `` why are some of the silver on horses and others on foot ? '' 
 o'connor asked reece . 
 `` those on horses are hunting the easier kill , such as deer and fowl , '' reece responded . 
 `` they use their bows . 
 those on foot aim for the more dangerous animals . 
 like the yellowtail boar . '' 
 thor was both excited and nervous at the mention of the animal . 
 he had seen one growing up : it was a nasty and dangerous creature , known to tear a man in two with little provocation . 
 `` the oldest warriors tend to stay on horseback and go after deer and birds , '' erec added , looking down . 
 `` the younger tend to stay on foot , and go after the bigger game . 
 you have to be in better shape for it , of course . '' 
 `` which is why we allow this hunt for you boys , '' kolk , running with the others , not far away , yelled out , `` it is training for you , too . 
 you will have to be on foot the entire hunt , keep up with the horses . 
 as we go , you will break off into smaller groups , and each fork down your own path , and each hunt down your own animal . 
 you will find the most vicious animal you can - and you will fight it to the death . 
 these are the same qualities that make you a soldier : stamina , fearlessness , and not backing down from your adversary , no matter how big or how vicious . 
 now go ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 thor ran faster , as did all of his brethren , racing to catch up to the horses as they tore through the forest . 
 he hardly knew which way to go , but he figured if he stuck close to reece and o'connor , he would be okay . 
 `` an arrow , quick ! '' 
 erec yelled down . 
 thor burst into action , running up beside erec 's horse , grabbing an arrow from the quiver on the saddle , and handing it up to him . 
 erec placed it on his bow as he rode , slowed and took steady aim at something in the woods . 
 `` the dogs ! '' 
 erec screamed . 
 one of the king 's attendants released a barking dog , which dove into the bushes . 
 to thor 's surprise , a large bird flew up , and as it did , erec let loose the arrow . 
 it was a perfect shot , right to the neck , and the bird fell down , dead . 
 thor was amazed at how erec had spotted it . 
 `` the bird ! '' 
 erec yelled out . 
 thor ran , grabbed the dead bird , warm , blood still oozing from its neck , and ran back to erec . 
 he slung it on erec 's saddle , and it hung there as he rode . 
 all around thor , many knights on horseback were doing the same , flushing birds and shooting at them , their squires retrieving them . 
 most used arrows ; some used spears . 
 thor watched as kendrick pulled back his spear , took aim and hurled it at a deer . 
 it was a perfect strike , right into its throat , and it fell , too . 
 thor was amazed at the abundance of game in these woods , the amount of bounty they would be bringing home . 
 it would be enough to feed king 's court for days . 
 `` have you been on a hunt before ? '' 
 thor called out to reece , narrowly avoiding being trampled by one of the king 's men as they ran . 
 it was hard to hear , with the barking of the dogs , the horns sounding , the screams of men , laughing , victorious , as they took down animal after animal . 
 reece had a big smile on his face as he jumped over a log and continued running . 
 `` many times ! 
 but only because of my father . 
 they do n't let us join the hunt until a certain age . 
 it 's a thrilling thing - although no one tends to get out of it unscathed . 
 more than one man has been hurt , or killed , chasing boar . '' 
 reece gasped as he ran . 
 `` but i 've always ridden on horseback , '' he added . 
 `` i 've never been allowed to be on foot before , with the legion , never allowed to hunt boar . 
 it is a first for me ! '' 
 the forest suddenly changed , with dozens of trails stretching out before them , splitting in a dozen ways . 
 another horn sounded , and the huge group began to break up into smaller groups . 
 as they all split up , thor stuck close to erec , and reece and o'connor joined them ; they all turned onto a narrow path that curved sharply downward . 
 they ran and ran , thor clutching his spear and jumping a small creak . 
 their small group comprised erec and kendrick on horseback , thor , reece , o'connor , and elden on foot , making six of them - and as thor turned , he noticed two more members of the legion running up behind them , joining them . 
 they were large and broad , with wavy sandy hair that fell past their eyes , and big smiles . 
 they looked to be a couple of years older than thor - and they were identical twins . 
 `` i am conval , '' one of them called out to thor . 
 `` and i conven . '' 
 `` we are brothers , '' conval said . 
 `` twins ! '' 
 conven added . 
 `` hope you do n't mind if we join you , '' conval said to thor . 
 thor had seen them around , in the legion , but had never met them before . 
 he was happy to meet new members , especially members who were friendly to him . 
 `` happy to have you , '' thor called out . 
 `` the more hands the better , '' reece echoed . 
 `` i hear the boars in this wood are huge , '' conval remarked . 
 `` and deadly , '' conven answered . 
 thor looked at the long spears that the twins carried , three times longer than his , and wondered . 
 he noticed them looking at his short spear `` that spear wo n't be long enough , '' conval said `` these boars have big tusks . 
 you need something longer , '' conven said . 
 `` take mine , '' elden said , and ran over beside him , and tried to hand it to him . 
 `` i ca n't take yours , '' thor said . 
 `` what would you use ? '' 
 elden shrugged . 
 `` i 'll be okay . '' 
 thor was touched at his generosity , and marveled at how different their friendship was now . 
 `` take one of mine , '' ordered a voice . 
 thor looked up and saw erec ride up beside him , gesturing to the saddle , which held two long spears . 
 thor reached out and grabbed a long spear from the saddle , so grateful to have it . 
 it was heavier , and more awkward to run with - but he did feel more protected , and it sounded like he would need it . 
 they ran and ran , until the air burned in thor 's lungs and he did not know if he could go any farther . 
 he was alert , looking about him for any sign of an animal . 
 he felt protected with these other men around him , and invincible with a long spear . 
 but he was still very much on edge . 
 he had never hunted a boar before , and had no idea what to expect . 
 as his lungs burned , the forest broke open into a clearing and thankfully , erec and kendrick pulled their horses to a stop . 
 thor assumed that granted them all permission to stop , too . 
 they all stood there , the eight of them in the forest clearing , the boys on foot gasping for air , and erec and kendrick dismounting from their horses . 
 the horses panted , but otherwise it was quiet , the only sound the wind in the trees . 
 the noise of the hundreds of other men racing through the forest was now gone , and thor realized they must be very far from the others . 
 he stood there , panting , looking around the clearing . 
 `` i have n't seen any markings of animals , '' thor said to reece . 
 `` have you ? '' 
 reece shook his head . 
 `` the boar is a crafty animal , '' erec said , stepping forward . 
 `` he wo n't always show himself . 
 sometimes he 'll be the one watching you . 
 he might wait until you 're caught off guard , and then he 'll charge . 
 always keep your guard up . '' 
 `` look out ! '' 
 o'connor yelled . 
 thor spun and suddenly a large animal burst out it into the clearing with a huge commotion ; thor flinched , thinking they were being attacked by a boar . 
 o'connor screamed , and reece turned and hurled a spear at it . 
 it missed , and the animal flew up into the air . 
 it was then that thor realized it was just a turkey , disappearing back into the wood . 
 they all laughed , the tension broken . 
 o'connor reddened , and reece laid a reassuring hand on his shoulder . 
 `` do n't worry , friend , '' he said . 
 o'connor looked away , embarrassed . 
 `` there are no boar here , '' elden said . 
 `` we chose a bad path . 
 the only thing down this path are fowl . 
 we will come back empty-handed . '' 
 `` maybe that 's not a bad thing , '' said conval . 
 `` i hear a boar fight can be life-and-death . '' 
 kendrick stood there , calmly surveying the wood , and erec did the same . 
 thor could see on the faces of these two men that something was out there . 
 he could tell from their experience and wisdom that they were on guard . 
 `` well , the trail seems to end here , '' reece said . 
 `` so if we go on , the wood will be unmarked . 
 we wo n't find our way back . '' 
 `` but if we go back , our hunt is over , '' o'connor said . 
 `` what would happen if we should return empty-handed ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` without a boar ? '' 
 `` we would be the laughing stock of the others , '' elden said . 
 `` no we would n't , '' reece said . 
 `` not everyone finds a boar . 
 in fact , it 's more rare to find one than not . '' 
 as the group of them stood there in silence , breathing hard , watching the woods , thor suddenly realized that he had drank too much water . 
 he had been holding it in the entire hunt and now he had such a pain in his bladder , he could barely contain it . 
 `` excuse me , '' he said , and began make to his way into the woods . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 erec asked , cautious . 
 `` i just have to relieve myself . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 `` do n't go far , '' erec cautioned . 
 thor , self-conscious , hurried into the woods and went about twenty paces from the others , until he found a spot just out of view . 
 just as he finished relieving himself , suddenly , he heard a twig snap . 
 it was loud and distinct , and he knew , he just knew , it was from no human . 
 he turned slowly , the hair rising on the back of his neck , and looked . 
 up ahead , maybe another ten paces , was another small clearing , a boulder in its center . 
 and there , at the base of the boulder , was movement . 
 a small animal , he could not tell what . 
 thor stood there , debating whether to go back to his people or to see what it was . 
 without thinking , he crept forward . 
 whatever the animal was , he did n't want to lose it , and if he headed back , it might be gone when he returned . 
 thor stepped closer , hairs on edge as the woods got thicker and there was less room to maneuver . 
 he could see nothing but dense woods , the sun cutting at sharp angles . 
 finally , he reached the clearing . 
 as he approached , he loosened his grip on his spear , and lowered it down to his hip . 
 he was taken aback by what he saw before him , in the clearing , in a patch of sunlight . 
 there , squirming in the grass , beside the rock , was a small leopard cub . 
 it sat there , squirming and whining , squinting into the sun . 
 it looked as if it had just been born , barely a foot long , small enough to fit inside thor 's shirt . 
 thor stood there , amazed . 
 the pup was all white , and he knew it must be the pup of the white leopard , the rarest of all animals . 
 he heard a sudden rustling of leaves behind him , and turned to see the entire group rushing towards him , reece out front , looking worried . 
 in moments , they were upon him . 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` we thought you were dead . '' 
 as they all came up beside him and looked down at the pup , he could hear them gasp in shock . 
 `` a momentous omen , '' erec said to thor . 
 `` you have found the find of a lifetime . 
 the rarest of all animals . 
 it has been left alone . 
 it has no one to care for it . 
 that means it 's yours . 
 it is your obligation to raise it . '' 
 `` mine ? '' 
 thor asked , perplexed . 
 `` it is your obligation , '' kendrick added . 
 `` you found it . 
 or , i should say , it found you . '' 
 thor was baffled . 
 he had tended sheep , but he had never raised an animal in his life , and he had no idea what to do . 
 but at the same time , he already felt a strong kinship with the animal . 
 its small , light blue eyes opened and seemed to stare only at him . 
 he approached it , bent down , and picked it up in his arms . 
 the animal reached up and licked his cheek . 
 `` how does one care for a leopard cub ? '' 
 thor asked , overwhelmed . 
 `` i suppose the same way one cares for anything else , '' erec said . 
 `` feed it when it 's hungry . '' 
 `` you must name it , '' kendrick said . 
 thor racked his brain , amazed that this was his second time having to name an animal in as many days . 
 he remembered a story from his childhood , about a lion that terrorized a village . 
 `` krohn , '' thor said . 
 the others nodded back in approval . 
 `` like the legend , '' reece said . 
 `` i like it , '' o'connor said . 
 `` krohn it is , '' erec said . 
 as krohn lowered its head into thor 's chest , thor felt a stronger connection to it than to anything he 'd ever had . 
 he could n't help but feel as if he 'd already known krohn for lifetimes as the animal squirmed and squealed at him . 
 suddenly there came a distinct sound , one that raised the hair on the back of thor 's neck , and made him turn quickly and stare up at the sky . 
 there , high above , was estopheles . 
 it suddenly dove down low , right for thor 's head , screeching as it did , before lifting at the last second . 
 at first thor wondered if it was jealous of krohn . 
 but then , with a split second to spare , thor realized : his falcon was warning him . 
 a moment later there came a distinct noise from the other side of the wood . 
 it was a rustling , followed by a charging - and it all happened too fast . 
 because of the warning , thor had an advantage : he saw it coming and leapt out of the way with a second to spare , as a massive boar charged right for him . 
 it missed him by a hair . 
 the clearing broke into chaos . 
 the boar charged the others , ferocious , swinging its tusks every which way . 
 in one swipe , it managed to slice o'connor 's arm , and blood burst out as he clutched it , screaming . 
 it was the biggest and most ferocious animal thor had ever seen . 
 it was like trying to fight a bull , but without the proper weapons . 
 elden tried to jab it with his long spear , but the boar merely turned its head , clamp down on it , and in one clean motion snapped it in two . 
 then it turned and charged elden , hitting him in the ribs ; luckily for elden , he narrowly missed its tusks tearing him apart . 
 this boar was unstoppable . 
 it was out for blood , and it would clearly not leave them alone until it had it . 
 the others rallied and broke into action . 
 erec and kendrick extracted their swords , as did thor , reece and the others . 
 they all encircled it , but it was hard to hit , especially with its three-foot long tusks that kept them from getting anywhere close to it . 
 it ran in circles , chasing them around the clearing . 
 as they each took turns attacking , erec scored a direct hit , slashing it on its side ; but this boar must have been made of steel , because it just kept going . 
 that was when everything changed . 
 for a brief moment , something caught thor 's eyes , and he turned and looked into the forest . 
 in the distance , hidden behind the trees , he could have sworn he saw a man with a black , hooded cloak ; he saw him raise a bow and arrow , and aim it right for the clearing . 
 he seemed to be aiming not at the boar , but at the men . 
 thor wondered if he were seeing things . 
 he could hardly believe it . 
 could they be under attack ? 
 here ? 
 in the middle of nowhere ? 
 by who ? 
 thor allowed his instincts to take over . 
 he sensed that the others were in danger , and he raced for them . 
 he saw the man aiming his bow for kendrick . 
 thor dove for kendrick . 
 he tackled him hard , knocking him to the ground , and as he did so , a moment later the arrow flew by , just missing him . 
 thor immediately looked back to the forest , looking for signs of the attacker . 
 but he was gone . 
 but he had no time to think : the boar was still sprinting madly about the clearing , only feet away from them . 
 now it turned in their direction , and thor had no time to react . 
 he braced himself for the impact , as the long , sharp tusks bore down directly for him . 
 a moment later there came a high-pitched squeal ; thor turned to see erec , leaping onto the beast 's back , raising his sword high with both hands , and plunging it into the back of its neck . 
 the beast roared , blood squirting from its mouth , as it buckled to its knees , then crashed down to the ground , erec on top of it . 
 it ground to a halt , just feet away from thor . 
 all of them stood there , frozen in place , looking at each other - and wondering what on earth just happened . 
 thor , carrying krohn inside his shirt , was overwhelmed by the noise as reece opened the door to the alehouse . 
 a huge group of waiting legion members and soldiers , crammed inside , met them with a shout . 
 it was packed , and hot in here , and thor was immediately sandwiched in between his brethren , shoulder to shoulder . 
 it had been a long day of hunting , and they had all gathered here , at this alehouse deep in the woods , to celebrate . 
 the silver had led the way , and thor , reece and the others followed . 
 behind thor , the twins , conval and conven , carried their prize possession , the boar , bigger than anyone else 's , on a long pole over their shoulders . 
 they had to set it down outside the tavern doors before coming in . 
 as thor took a last glance back , it looked so fierce , it was hard to conceive they had killed it . 
 thor felt a squirm inside his jacket , and he looked down to see his new companion , krohn . 
 he could hardly believe that he was actually carrying a white leopard pup . 
 it stared up at him with its crystal blue eyes , and squeaked . 
 thor sensed that he was hungry . 
 thor was jostled inside the alehouse , dozens more men streaming in behind him , and he proceeded deeper into the small , crowded place , which must have been twenty degrees warmer in here - not to mention , more humid . 
 he followed erec and kendrick , and he in turn was followed by reece , elden , the twins and o'connor , whose arm was bandaged from the boar 's slice , and had finally stopped bleeding . 
 o'connor seemed more dazed than hurt , his good spirits had returned , and their whole group shuffled deep into the room . 
 it was packed shoulder to shoulder , so tight that there was barely room to even turn . 
 there were long benches , and some men stood , while others sat , singing drinking songs and banging their casks into their friends ' , or banging them on the table . 
 it was a rowdy , festive environment , and thor had never seen anything like it . 
 `` first time in an alehouse ? '' 
 elden asked , practically shouting to be heard . 
 thor nodded back , feeling like a rube once again . 
 `` i bet you 've never even had a cask of ale , have you ? '' 
 asked conven , clapping him on the shoulder with a laugh . 
 `` of course i have , '' thor shot back defensively . 
 he was blushing , though , and hoped no one could tell , because , in fact , he never had . 
 his father had never allowed it . 
 and even if he did , he was sure he could n't afford it . 
 `` very good then ! '' 
 cried out conval . 
 `` bartender , give us a round of your strongest . 
 thor here is an old pro ! '' 
 one of the twins put down a gold coin , and thor was amazed at the money these boys carried ; he wondered what family they hailed from . 
 that coin could have lasted his family a month back in his village . 
 a moment later a dozen casks of foaming ale were slid across the bar , and the boys pushed their way through and grabbed them ; a cask got shoved into thor 's hand . 
 the foam dripped over the side of his hand , and his stomach twisted in anticipation . 
 he was nervous . 
 `` to our hunt ! '' 
 reece called out . 
 `` to our hunt ! '' 
 the others echoed . 
 thor followed the others , trying to act natural as he raised the foaming cask to his lips . 
 he took a sip , and hated the taste , but saw the others gulping theirs down , not removing them from their lips until they finished . 
 thor felt obliged to do the same , or else look like a coward . 
 he forced himself to drink it , gulping it down as fast he could , until finally , halfway through , he set it down , coughing . 
 the others looked at him , and roared with laughter . 
 elden clapped him on the back . 
 `` it is your first time , is n't it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 thor reddened as he wiped foam from his lips . 
 luckily , before he could reply , there came a shout in the room , and they all turned to see several musicians shove their way in . 
 they started playing on lutes and flutes , clanging cymbals , and the rowdy atmosphere heightened . 
 `` my brother ! '' 
 came a voice . 
 thor turned to see a boy a few years older than him , with a small belly yet broad shoulders , unshaven , looking somewhat slovenly , step forward and embrace reece in an awkward hug . 
 he was joined by three companions , who seemed equally slovenly . 
 `` i never thought i 'd find you here ! '' 
 he added . 
 `` well , once in a while i need to follow in my brother 's footsteps , do n't i ? '' 
 reece shouted back with a smile . 
 `` thor , do you know my brother , godfrey ? '' 
 godfrey turned and shook thor 's hand , and thor could not help but notice how smooth and plump it was . 
 it was not a warrior 's hand . 
 `` of course i know the newcomer , '' godfrey said , leaning in too close and slurring his words . 
 `` the whole kingdom is alive with talk of him . 
 a fine warrior i hear , '' he said to thor . 
 `` too bad . 
 what a waste of a talent for the alehouse ! '' 
 godfrey leaned back and roared with laughter , and his three companions joined him . 
 one of them , a head taller than the others , with a huge belly , bright red cheeks , and flush with drink , leaned forward and clamped a hand on thor 's shoulder . 
 `` bravery is a fine trait . 
 but it sends you to the battlefield , and keeps you cold . 
 being a drunk is a better trait : it keeps you safe and warm - and assures a warm lady by your side ! '' 
 he roared with laughter , as did the others , and the bartender set down fresh casks of ale for all of them . 
 thor hoped he would n't be asked to drink ; he could already feel the ale rushing to his head . 
 `` it was his first hunt today ! '' 
 reece yelled out to his brother . 
 `` was it then ? '' 
 godfrey replied . 
 `` well then that calls for a drink , does n't it ? '' 
 `` or two ! '' 
 his tall friend echoed . 
 thor looked down as another cask was shoved into his palm . 
 `` to firsts ! '' 
 godfrey called out . 
 `` to firsts ! '' 
 the others echoed . 
 `` may your life be filled with firsts , '' the tall one echoed , `` except for the first time being sober ! '' 
 they all roared with laughter , as they drank their casks . 
 thor sipped his , then tried to get away with lowering it - but godfrey caught him . 
 `` that 's not the way you drink it boy ! '' 
 godfrey yelled . 
 he stepped forward , grabbed the cask , put it to thor 's lips , and pushed it down his mouth . 
 the men all laughed as thor gulped it down . 
 he set it down , empty , and they cheered . 
 thor felt lightheaded . 
 he was beginning to feel out of control , and it was harder to focus . 
 he did n't like the feeling . 
 thor felt another squirm in his shirt , as krohn reared his head . 
 `` well , what have we here ! '' 
 godfrey shouted in delight . 
 `` it 's a leopard cub , '' thor said . 
 `` we found it on the hunt , '' reece added . 
 `` he 's hungry , '' thor said . 
 `` i 'm not sure what to feed him . '' 
 `` why , of course , ale ! '' 
 the tall man yelled . 
 `` really ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` is that healthy for him ? '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 godfrey yelled . 
 `` it is just hops , boy ! '' 
 godfrey reached out , dipped his finger into the foam , and held it out ; krohn leaned forward and licked it up . 
 he licked again and again . 
 `` see , he likes it ! '' 
 godfrey suddenly retracted his finger with a scream . 
 he held it up and showed blood . 
 `` sharp teeth on that one ! '' 
 he yelled out - and the others all broke into laughter . 
 thor reached down , stroked krohn 's head , and tilted the remnant of his cask into his mouth . 
 krohn lapped it up , and thor resolved to find him real food . 
 he hoped that kolk would let him stay in the barracks , and hoped none of the legion objected . 
 the musicians changed their song , and several more friends of godfrey 's appeared . 
 they came over , joined them in a fresh round of drinks , and led godfrey away , back into the crowd . 
 `` i will see you later young man , '' godfrey said to reece , before leaving . 
 then he turned to thor : `` hopefully , you 'll spend more time in the alehouse ! '' 
 `` hopefully you 'll spend more time on the battlefield , '' kendrick called back . 
 `` i very much doubt that ! '' 
 godfrey said and roared with laughter with the rest of his compatriots , as he disappeared into the crowd . 
 `` do they always celebrate like this ? '' 
 thor asked reece . 
 `` godfrey ? 
 he 's been in the alehouse since he could walk . 
 a disappointment to my father . 
 but he 's happy with himself . '' 
 `` no , i mean the king 's men . 
 the legion . 
 is there always a trip to the alehouse ? '' 
 reece shook his head . 
 `` today is a special day . 
 the first hunt , and the summer solstice . 
 this does n't happen that often . 
 enjoy it while it does . '' 
 thor was feeling increasingly disoriented as he looked around the room . 
 this was not where he wanted to be . 
 he wanted to be back in the barracks , training . 
 and his thoughts drifted , once again , to gwendolyn . 
 `` did you get a good look at him ? '' 
 kendrick asked , as he came up to thor . 
 thor looked at him , puzzled . 
 `` the man , in the woods , who shot the arrow ? '' 
 kendrick added . 
 the others crowded around close , trying to hear as the mood grew serious . 
 thor tried again to remember , but he could not . 
 everything was fuzzy . 
 `` i wish i did , '' he said . 
 `` it all happened so fast . '' 
 `` maybe it was just one of the king 's other men , shooting in our direction by accident , '' o'connor said . 
 thor shook his head . 
 `` he was n't dressed like the others . 
 he wore all-black , and a cloak and hood . 
 and he only shot one arrow , aimed right for kendrick , then disappeared . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i wish i saw more . '' 
 kendrick shook his head , trying to think . 
 `` who would want you dead ? '' 
 reece asked kendrick . 
 `` was it an assassin ? '' 
 o'connor asked . 
 kendrick shrugged . 
 `` i have no enemies that i know of . '' 
 `` but father has many , '' reece said . 
 `` maybe someone wants to kill you to get to him . '' 
 `` or maybe someone wants you out of the way for the throne , '' elden postulated . 
 `` but that 's absurd ! 
 i 'm illegitimate ! 
 i can not inherit the throne ! '' 
 while they all shook their heads , sipping their ale and trying to figure it out , there came another shout in the room , and all the men 's attention turned towards the staircase leading upstairs . 
 thor looked up , and saw a string of ladies walk out of an upper hallway , stand by a bannister , and look down at the room . 
 they were all scantily dressed , and wore too much makeup . 
 thor blushed . 
 `` well , hello men ! '' 
 called the lady in front , with a large bosom and wearing a red lace outfit . 
 the men cheered . 
 `` who 's got money to spend tonight ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the men cheered again . 
 thor 's eyes opened wide in surprise . 
 `` is this also a brothel ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the others turned and looked at him in stunned silence , then all broke into laughter . 
 `` my god , you are naive , are n't you ! '' 
 conval said . 
 `` tell me you 've never been to a brothel ? '' 
 conven said . 
 `` i bet he 's never been with a woman ! '' 
 elden said . 
 thor felt them all looking at him , and he felt his face turn red as a beet . 
 he wanted to disappear . 
 they were right : he had never been with a woman . 
 but he would never tell them that . 
 he wondered if it was obvious from his face . 
 before he could respond , one of the twins reached up , clasped a firm hand on his back , and threw a gold coin up to the woman on the stairs . 
 `` i believe you have your first customer ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 the room cheered , and thor , despite his pushing and pulling and resisting , felt himself shoved forward by dozens of men , through the crowd , and up the staircase . 
 as he went , his mind filled with thoughts of gwen . 
 of how much he loved her . 
 of how he did n't want to be with anyone else . 
 he wanted to turn and run . 
 but there was literally no escape . 
 dozens of the biggest men he had ever seen shoved him forward , and did not allow retreat . 
 before he knew it , he was up the steps , on the landing , staring at a woman taller than he , who were too much perfume , and smiled down at him . 
 making matters worse , thor was drunker than he had ever been . 
 the room was positively spinning out of control , and he felt that in another moment he would collapse . 
 the woman reached down , pulled thor 's shirt , led him firmly into a room , and slammed the door behind them . 
 thor was determined not to be with her . 
 he held in his mind thoughts of gwen , forcing them to the front . 
 this was not how he wanted his first experience to be . 
 but his mind was not listening . 
 he was so drunk , he could barely see now . 
 and the last thing he remembered , before he blacked out , was being led across the room , towards a lady 's bed , and hoping he made it before he hit the floor . 
 macgil peeled open his eyes , awakened by the relentless pounding on his door , and immediately , he wished he had n't . 
 his head was splitting . 
 harsh sunlight shone in through the open castle window , and he realized his face was planted in his sheepskin blanket . 
 disoriented , he tried to remember . 
 he was home , in his castle . 
 he tried to summon the night before . 
 he remembered the hunt . 
 then , an alehouse , in the woods . 
 drinking way too many casks . 
 somehow , he must have made it back here . 
 he looked over and saw his wife , the queen , sleeping beside him , under the covers and slowly rousing . 
 the pounding came again , the awful noise of an iron knocker slamming . 
 `` who could that be at this hour ? '' 
 she asked , annoyed . 
 macgil was wondering the same thing . 
 he specifically remembered leaving instructions with his servants not to wake him - especially after the hunt . 
 there 'd be hell to pay for this . 
 it was probably his steward , with another petty financial matter . 
 `` stop that bloody banging ! '' 
 macgil finally bellowed , rolling out of bed , sitting with his elbows on his knees , hand in his head . 
 he ran his hands through his unwashed hair and beard , then over his face , trying to wake himself up . 
 the hunt - and the ale - had taken a lot out of him . 
 he was n't as limber as he used to be . 
 the years had taken their toll ; he was exhausted . 
 at this moment , he felt like never drinking again . 
 with a supreme effort he pushed himself off his knees , and to his feet . 
 dressed only in his robe , he quickly crossed the room , and finally reached the door , a foot thick , grabbing the iron handle and yanking it back . 
 standing there was his greatest general , brom , flanked by two attendants . 
 they lowered their heads in deference , but his general stared right at him , a grim look on his face . 
 macgil hated it when he wore that look . 
 it always meant somber news . 
 it was at moments like these that he hated being king . 
 he had been having such a good day yesterday , a great hunt , and it had reminded him of when he was young , carefree . 
 especially wasting the night away like that in the alehouse . 
 now , to be rudely awakened like this , it took away any illusion of peace he had had . 
 `` my liege , i am sorry to wake you , '' kolk said . 
 `` you should be sorry , '' macgil growled . 
 `` this better be important . '' 
 `` it is , '' he said . 
 he spotted the seriousness of his face , and turned and checked back over his shoulder for his queen . 
 she was still asleep . 
 macgil gestured for them to enter , then led them through his vast bedroom , and through another arched door , to a side chamber , shutting the door behind them so as not to disturb her . 
 he sometimes used this smaller room , no greater than twenty paces in each direction , with a few comfortable chairs and a big stained-glass window , when he did n't feel like going down to the great hall . 
 `` my liege , our spies have told us of a mccloud contingent of men , riding east , for the fabian sea . 
 and our scouts in the south report a caravan of empire ships , heading north . 
 surely they must be heading there to meet the mcclouds . '' 
 macgil tried to process this information , his brain moving too slowly in his drunken state . 
 `` and ? '' 
 he prodded , impatient , tired . 
 he was so exhausted by the endless machinations and speculations and subterfuges of his court . 
 `` if the mcclouds are truly meeting with the empire , there can only be one purpose , '' brom continued . 
 `` to conspire to breach the canyon and overthrow the ring . '' 
 macgil looked up at his old commander , a man who we had fought with for thirty years , and could see the deadly seriousness in his eyes . 
 he could also see fear . 
 that disturbed him : this was not a man he had ever seen fear anything . 
 macgil slowly rose , to his full height , which was still considerable , and turned and walked across the room , until he reached the window . 
 he looked out , surveying his court below , empty in the early morning , and thought to himself . 
 he knew , all along , that one day a day like this would come . 
 he just had not expected it to come so soon . 
 `` that was quick , '' he said . 
 `` it 's been but hours since i married off my daughter to their prince . 
 and now you think they already conspire to overthrow us ? '' 
 `` i do , my liege , '' brom responded sincerely . 
 `` i see no other reason . 
 all indications are it is a peaceful meeting . 
 not a military one . '' 
 macgil slowly shook his head . 
 `` but it does not make sense . 
 they could not let the empire in . 
 why would they ? 
 even if for some reason they managed to help lower the shield on our side and open a breach , then what would happen ? 
 the empire would overwhelm them as well . 
 they would not be safe , either . 
 surely , they know this . '' 
 `` maybe they are going to strike a deal , '' brom retorted . 
 `` maybe they will let the empire in , in return for their attacking us only , so that the mcclouds can control the ring . '' 
 macgil shook his head . 
 `` the mcclouds are too smart for that . 
 they are crafty . 
 they know that the empire can not be trusted . '' 
 his general shrugged . 
 `` maybe they want control of the ring so badly , they are willing to take that chance . 
 especially now that they have your daughter as their queen . '' 
 macgil thought about this . 
 his head was pounding . 
 he did not want to deal with this now . 
 not so early in the morning . 
 `` so then what do you propose ? '' 
 he asked , short with him , tired of all the speculation . 
 `` we could preempt this , sire , and attack the mcclouds . 
 the time is now . '' 
 macgil could hardly believe it . 
 `` right after i gave my daughter to them in a wedding ? 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 `` if we do n't , '' brom countered , `` we allow them to dig our grave . 
 surely they will attack us . 
 if not now , then later . 
 and if they join with the empire , we would be finished . '' 
 `` they can not cross the highlands so easily . 
 we control all the choke points . 
 it would be a slaughter . 
 even with the empire in tow . '' 
 `` the empire have millions of men to spare , '' kolk responded . 
 `` they can afford to be slaughtered . '' 
 `` even with the shield down , '' macgil said , `` it would not be so easy to just march millions of soldiers across the canyon - or across the highlands , or to approach by ship . 
 we would spot such mobilization far in advance . 
 we would have warning . '' 
 macgil thought . 
 `` no , we will not attack . 
 but for now , we can take a prudent step : double our patrols at the highlands . 
 strengthen our fortifications . 
 and double our spies . 
 that will be all . '' 
 `` yes , my liege , '' brom said , turning , with his lieutenants and hurrying from the room . 
 macgil turned back to the window , his head pounding . 
 he sensed war on the horizon , coming at him with the inevitability of a winter storm . 
 he sensed , further , that there was nothing he could do about it . 
 he looked all around him , at his castle , at the stone , at the pristine royal court spread out beneath him , and he could not help but wonder how long all of this would last . 
 what he would give now for another drink . 
 thor felt a foot nudging him in his ribs , and he slowly peeled opened his eyes . 
 he lay face down , on a mound of straw , and for a moment had no idea where he was . 
 his head felt like it weighed a million pounds , his throat was drier than it had ever been , and his eyes and head were killing him . 
 he felt as if he 'd fallen off a horse . 
 he was nudged again , and he sat up , the room spinning violently . 
 he leaned over and threw up , gagging again and again . 
 a chorus of laughter erupted all around him , and he looked up to see reece , o'connor , elden and the twins hovering close by , looking down . 
 `` finally , sleeping beauty wakes ! '' 
 reece called out , smiling . 
 `` we did n't think you 'd ever rise , '' o'connor said . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 elden asked . 
 thor sat up , wiping his mouth with the back of his hand , trying to process it all . 
 as he did , krohn , lying a few feet away , whimpered and ran over to him , jumping into his arms and burying his head in his shirt . 
 thor was relieved to see him , and happy to have him at his side . 
 he tried to remember . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` what happened last night ? '' 
 the three of them laughed . 
 `` i 'm afraid you had one drink too many , my friend . 
 someone ca n't hold his ale . 
 do n't you remember ? 
 the alehouse ? '' 
 thor closed his eyes , rubbing his temples , and tried to bring it all back . 
 it came in flashes . 
 he remembered the hunt ... entering the alehouse ... the drinks . 
 he remembered being led upstairs ... the brothel . 
 after that , it was all black . 
 his heart quickened , as he thought of gwendolyn . 
 had he done anything stupid with that girl ? 
 had he ruined his chances with gwen ? 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he pressed reece , serious , as he clasped his wrist . 
 `` please , tell me . 
 tell me i did n't do anything with that woman . '' 
 the others laughed , but reece stared back at his friend earnestly , realizing how upset he was . 
 `` do n't worry , friend , '' he answered . 
 `` you did nothing at all . 
 except for throw up and collapse on her floor ! '' 
 the others laughed again . 
 `` so much for your first time , '' elden said . 
 but thor felt deeply relieved . 
 he had not alienated gwen . 
 `` last time i buy you a woman ! '' 
 said colven . 
 `` perfectly good waste of money , '' said caven . 
 `` she would n't even return it ! '' 
 the boys laughed again . 
 thor was humiliated , but so relieved he had not ruined anything . 
 he took reece 's arm and pulled him aside . 
 `` your sister , '' he whispered , urgently . 
 `` she does n't know about any of this , does she ? '' 
 reece broke into a slow smile , as he put an arm around his shoulder . 
 `` your secret is safe with me , even though you did n't do anything . 
 she does n't know . 
 and i can see how deeply you care for her , and i appreciate that , '' he said , his face morphing into a serious expression . 
 `` i can see now that you really do care for her . 
 if you had gone whoring , that would not be the kind of brother-in-law i would want . 
 in fact , i have been asked to deliver you this message . '' 
 reece shoved a small scroll into thor 's palm , and thor looked down , confused . 
 he saw the royal stamp on it , the pink paper , and he knew . 
 his heart quickened . 
 `` from my sister , '' reece added . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 came a chorus of voices . 
 `` someone 's got a love letter ! '' 
 o'connor said . 
 `` read it to us ! '' 
 elden yelled . 
 the others chimed in with laughter . 
 but thor , wanting privacy , hurried off to the side of the barracks , away from the others . 
 his head was splitting , and the room still spun - but he did n't care anymore . 
 he unrolled the delicate parchment and read the note with trembling hands . 
 `` meet me at forest ridge at midday . 
 do n't be late . 
 and do n't call attention to yourself . '' 
 thor stuffed the note into his pocket . 
 `` what does it say , lover boy ? '' 
 calven called out . 
 thor hurried over to reece , knowing he could trust him . 
 `` the legion has no exercises today , right ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 reece shook his head . 
 `` of course not . 
 it 's a holiday . '' 
 `` where is forest ridge ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 reece smiled . 
 `` ah , gwen 's favorite place , '' he said . 
 `` take the eastern road out of the court and stay right . 
 climb the hill , and it begins after the second knoll . '' 
 thor looked at reece . 
 `` please , i do n't want anyone to know . '' 
 reece smiled . 
 `` i 'm sure she does not either . 
 if my mother found out , she would kill you both . 
 she would lock my sister in her room , and exile you to the southern end of the kingdom . '' 
 thor gulped at the thought of it . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he asked reece nodded back . 
 `` she does n't like you . 
 i do n't know why , but her mind is set . 
 go quickly , and do n't tell a soul . 
 and do n't worry , '' he said , clasping his hand . 
 `` i wo n't either . '' 
 thor walked quickly in the early morning , krohn trotting along beside him , trying his best not to be seen . 
 he followed reece 's directions as best he could , repeating them in his head , as he hurried past the outskirts of the royal court , up a small hill , and along the edge of a thick forest . 
 to his left , the ground fell off below him , leaving him walking on a narrow trail on the edge of a steep ridge , a cliff to his left , and the forest to his right . 
 forest ridge . 
 she had told him to meet her there . 
 was she serious ? 
 or was she just playing with him ? 
 was that prissy royal , alton , right ? 
 was he just entertainment for her ? 
 would she tire of him soon ? 
 he hoped , more than anything , that that was not the case . 
 he wanted to believe her feelings for him were genuine ; yet he still had a hard time conceiving how that could be the case . 
 she barely knew him . 
 and she was royalty . 
 what interest could she possibly have in him ? 
 not to mention that she was a year or two older , and he had never had an older girl take an interest in him ; in fact , he had never had any girl take an interest in him . 
 not that there were many girls to choose from in his small village . 
 thor had never thought about girls that much . 
 he had n't been raised with any sisters , and there were n't many girls to choose from in his village . 
 at his age , none of the other boys seemed too concerned . 
 most of the boys seemed to wed around their eighteenth year , in arranged marriages - really , more like business arrangements . 
 those of high rank , who were n't married off by their twenty fifth year , reached their selection day : they were obligated to either choose a bride , or go out and find one . 
 but that did not apply to thor . 
 he was of poor means , and people of his rank usually were just married off in ways that benefited the families . 
 it was like trading cattle . 
 but when thor had seen gwendolyn for the first time , all that had changed . 
 for the first time , he had been struck by something , a feeling so deep and strong and urgent , that it allowed him to think of nothing else . 
 every time he saw her , that feeling deepened . 
 he hardly understood it , but it pained him to be away from her . 
 thor doubled his pace along the ridge , looking for her everywhere , wondering exactly where she would meet him - or if she would meet him at all . 
 the sun grew higher and the first bead of sweat formed on his forehead , he still feeling ill from the effects of the night before , queasy . 
 as the sun grew even higher , and his search for her was proving futile , he began to wonder if she was really going to meet him at all . 
 he also began to wonder just how much danger he was putting them in : if her mother , the queen , really was so against this , would she truly have him deported from the kingdom ? 
 from the legion ? 
 from everything he 's come to know and love ? 
 then what would he do ? 
 as he thought about it , he realized that it was still all worth it , for the chance to be with her . 
 he was willing to risk it all for that chance . 
 he only hoped he was n't being made a fool of , or rushing to any premature conclusions about how strong her feelings were for him . 
 `` were you just going to walk right by me ? '' 
 came a voice , followed by a giggle . 
 thor jumped , caught off guard , and stopped and turned . 
 he could hardly believe it : there , standing in the shade of a huge pine tree , smiling back , was gwendolyn . 
 his heart lifted at that smile . 
 he could see the love in her eyes , and all his worries and fears instantly melted away . 
 he chided himself for how he could have been so stupid to ever second-guess her . 
 khron squeaked at the sight of her . 
 `` and what do have we here !? '' 
 she cried out in delight . 
 she knelt down and khron came running to her , leaping into her arms with a whimper ; she picked him up and held him , caressing him . 
 `` he 's so cute ! '' 
 she said , hugging him . 
 she leaned back , and he licked her face . 
 she giggled , and kissed him back . 
 `` and what 's your name , little fellow ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` khron , '' thor said . 
 finally , this time , he was not as tongue-tied as before . 
 `` khron , '' she echoed , looking into the cub 's eyes . 
 `` and is it every day that you travel with a leopard friend ? '' 
 she asked thor with a laugh . 
 `` i found him , '' thor said , feeling self-conscious beside her , as he always did . 
 `` in the wood - on the hunt . 
 your brother said i should keep him , because i found him . 
 that it was destined . '' 
 she looked at him , and her expression became serious . 
 `` well , he is right . 
 animals are very sacred things . 
 you do n't find them . 
 they find you . '' 
 `` i hope you do n't mind if he joins us , '' thor said . 
 she giggled . 
 `` i would be sad if he did n't , '' she answered . 
 she looked both ways , as if to make sure no one was watching , then reached out , grabbed thor 's hand and pulled him into the wood . 
 `` let 's go , '' she whispered . 
 `` before someone spots us . '' 
 thor was exhilarated at the feel of her touch , as she yanked him onto the forest trail . 
 they headed quickly into the woods , the path twisting and turning amidst the huge pines . 
 she let go of his hand , but he did not forget the feel of it . 
 he was beginning to feel more confident that she actually liked him , and it was obvious that she did not want to be spotted , either , probably by her mother . 
 clearly she took this seriously , because she had something to risk by seeing him , too . 
 then again , thor thought , maybe she just did n't want to be spotted by alton - or by any other boys she might be with . 
 maybe alton had been right . 
 maybe she was ashamed to be seen with thor . 
 thor felt all these mixed emotions swirl within him , and hardly knew what to do . 
 `` cat has your tongue , does it ? '' 
 she asked , finally breaking the silence . 
 thor felt torn : he did n't want to risk messing things up by telling her what was on his mind - but at the same time he felt like he needed to put all his worries to rest . 
 he needed to know where she really stood . 
 he could contain it no longer . 
 `` when i left you last time , i ran into alton . 
 he confronted me . '' 
 gwendolyn 's expression darkened , her high spirits suddenly ruined - and thor immediately felt guilty that he had brought it up . 
 he cherished her good nature , her joy , and he wished he could take it back . 
 he wanted to stop , but it was too late . 
 there was no turning back now . 
 `` and what did he say ? '' 
 she said , her voice dropping . 
 `` he told me to stay away from you . 
 he told me you did n't really care about me . 
 he told me that i was just amusement for you . 
 that you would tire of me in a day or two . 
 he also said that you and he were set to be wed , and that your marriage was already arranged . '' 
 gwendolyn let out an angry , mocking laugh . 
 `` did he then ? '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` that boy is the most arrogant , unbearable little pip , '' she added , angry . 
 `` he 's been a thorn in my side since the time i could walk . 
 just because our parents are cousins , he thinks he 's part of the royal family . 
 i 've never met anyone so entitled who deserved it less . 
 making things worse , he 's got it into his head somehow that the two of us are destined to wed. . 
 as if i would just go along with whatever my parents forced me to do . 
 never . 
 and certainly not with him . 
 i ca n't stand the sight of him . '' 
 thor felt so relieved at her words , he felt a million pounds lighter ; he felt like singing from the rooftops . 
 it was exactly what he had needed to hear . 
 now he felt sorry he had darkened their mood , all over nothing . 
 but he was n't completely satisfied yet ; he noticed she still had n't said anything about whether she truly liked him , thor . 
 `` as far as you are concerned , '' she said , stealing a glance him , then looking away . 
 `` i barely know you . 
 i hardly need to be pressed to commit my feelings now . 
 but i would say that i do n't think i would be spending time with you if i hated you that much . 
 of course it is my right to change my mind as i wish , and i can be fickle - but not when it comes to love . '' 
 that was all thor needed to hear . 
 he was impressed by her seriousness , and even more impressed by her choice of word : `` love . '' 
 he felt restored . 
 `` and incidentally , i might also ask the same of you , '' she said , turning the tables . 
 `` in fact , i think i have a lot more to lose than you do . 
 after all , i am royalty , and you are commoner . 
 i am older and you are younger . 
 do n't you think i should be the one who is more guarded ? 
 whispers come to me in the court of your agenda , your social climbing , of your just using me , being hungry for rank . 
 your wanting favor with the king . 
 should i believe all this ? '' 
 thor was horrified . 
 `` no , my lady . 
 never . 
 these things never even entered my mind . 
 i 'm with you only because i can not think of being anywhere else . 
 only because i want to be . 
 only because when i 'm not with you , i think of nothing else . '' 
 a small smile played at the corner of her mouth , and he could see her expression starting to lighten . 
 `` you are new here , '' she said . 
 `` you are new to king 's court , to royal life . 
 you need time to see how things really work . 
 here , nobody means what they say . 
 everyone has an agenda . 
 everyone is angling for power - or rank or wealth or riches or titles . 
 no one can ever be taken for face value . 
 everyone has their own spies , and factions , and agendas . 
 when alton told you that my marriage has already been arranged , for instance , what he was really doing was trying to find out how close you and i are . 
 he is threatened . 
 and he might be reporting to someone . 
 for him , marriage does n't mean love . 
 it means a union . 
 purely for financial gain , for rank . 
 for property . 
 in our royal court , nothing is what it seems . '' 
 suddenly , khron sprinted past them , down the forest trail , and into a clearing . 
 gwen looked at thor and giggled ; she reached out , grabbed his hand , and ran with him . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 she yelled , excited . 
 the two of them ran down the trail , and burst into the huge clearing , laughing . 
 thor was taken aback by the site : it was the most beautiful place he had ever seen , a forest meadow , filled with wildflowers of every possible color , up to their knees . 
 birds and butterflies of every color and size danced and flew in the air , and the meadow was alive with the sound of chirping . 
 the sun shone down brilliantly , and it felt like a secret place , hidden here in the midst of this tall dark wood . 
 `` have you ever played hangman 's blind ? '' 
 she asked with a laugh . 
 thor shook his head , and before he could respond , she took a handkerchief from her neck , reached up , and wrapped it over thor 's eyes , tying it behind him . 
 he could n't see , and she giggled loudly in his ear . 
 `` you 're it ! '' 
 she said . 
 then he heard her run away in the grass . 
 he smiled . 
 `` but what do i do ? '' 
 he called out . 
 `` find me ! '' 
 she called back . 
 her voice was already far away . 
 thor , blindfolded , began to run after her , tripping as he went . 
 he listened carefully to the rustle of her dress , trying to follow her direction . 
 it was hard , and he ran with his hands out before him , thinking always that he might run into a tree , even though he knew it was an open meadow . 
 within moments , he was disoriented , and felt as if he were running in circles . 
 but he continued to listen , and heard the sound of her giggle , far away , and kept adjusting , running for it . 
 sometimes it seemed to get closer , then farther . 
 he was beginning to feel dizzy . 
 he heard khron running beside him , yelping , and he listened instead to khron , following his footsteps . 
 as he did , gwyn 's giggle got louder , and thor realized that krohn was leading him to her . 
 he was amazed at how smart khron was , to join in their game . 
 soon he could hear her just feet away from him , and he chased her , zigzagging every which way , through the field . 
 he reached out , and she screamed in delight as he caught the corner of her dress . 
 as he grabbed her , he tripped , and the two of them went crashing down , into the soft field . 
 he spun at the last second , so that he would fall first and she on top of him , cushioning her fall . 
 thor landed on the ground , and she on top of him , screaming out in surprise . 
 she was still giggling as she reached up and pulled back the kerchief . 
 thor 's heart was pounding as he saw her face just inches from his . 
 he felt the weight of her body on his , in her thin summer dress , felt every contour of her body . 
 the full weight of her pressed down on him , and she made no move to resist . 
 she was staring into his eyes , their breathing shallow , and she did not look away . 
 he did not either . 
 thor 's heart pounded so fast , he was having a hard time focusing . 
 suddenly , she leaned in and planted her lips on his . 
 they were softer than he could possibly imagine , and as they met , for the first time in his life , he felt truly alive . 
 he closed his eyes , and she closed hers , and they did not move , their lips meeting for he did not know how long . 
 he wanted to freeze this time . 
 finally , slowly , she pulled away . 
 she still smiled , as she slowly opened her eyes , and she still lay there , her body on his . 
 they lay like that for a long time , staring into each other 's eyes . 
 `` where did you come from ? '' 
 she asked , softly , smiling . 
 he smiled back . 
 he did not know how to answer . 
 `` i 'm just a regular boy , '' he said . 
 she shook her head and smiled . 
 `` no you are not . 
 i can sense it . 
 i suspect you are far , far more than that . '' 
 she leaned in and kissed him again , and his lips met hers , this time , for a much longer time . 
 he reached up and ran his hand through her hair , and she ran hers through his . 
 he could not stop his mind from racing . 
 he already wondered how this would end . 
 could they possibly be together , with all the forces between them ? 
 was it possible for them to really be a couple ? 
 thor hoped , more than anything in his life , that they could . 
 he wanted to be with her now , even more than he wanted to be in the legion . 
 as he was thinking these thoughts , there came a sudden rustling in the grass , and the two of them , startled , turned . 
 khron leapt through the grass , just feet away , and there came another rustling noise . 
 khron yelped , then growled - then their came a hissing noise . 
 finally , it was quiet . 
 gwen rolled off thor as they both sat up and looked . 
 thor jumped to his feet , protective of gwen , wondering what it could be . 
 he did n't see anyone for miles . 
 but someone - or something - must be there , just feet away , in the tall grass . 
 khron appeared before them , and in his mouth , in his small , razor-sharp teeth , there dangled a huge , limp white snake . 
 it must have been ten feet long , its hide a brilliant , shining white , as thick as a large tree branch . 
 thor realized in an instant what had happened : khron had spared the two of them from an attack by this deadly animal . 
 his heart rushed with gratitude for the cub . 
 gwen gasped . 
 `` a whiteback , '' she said . 
 `` the most lethal animal of the entire kingdom . '' 
 thor stared at it , in awe . 
 `` i thought this snake did not exist . 
 i thought it was just a legend . '' 
 `` it is very rare , '' gwen said . 
 `` i 've only see one in my lifetime . 
 the day my father 's father was killed . 
 it is an omen . '' 
 she turned and looked at thor . 
 `` it means a death is coming . 
 a death of someone very close . '' 
 thor felt a chill on his spine . 
 a sudden cold breeze ran through the meadow on this summer day , he knew , with absolute certainty , that she was right . 
 gwendolyn walked alone through the castle , taking the spiral staircase , twisting and turning her way to the top . 
 her mind raced with thoughts of thor . 
 of their walk . 
 of their kiss . 
 and then , of that snake . 
 she burned with conflicting emotions . 
 on the one hand , she had been elated to be with him ; on the other , she was terror-stricken by that snake , and she knew it meant a death was coming . 
 but she did not know for whom , and she could not get that out of her mind either . 
 she feared it was for someone in her family . 
 could it be one of her brothers ? 
 godfrey ? 
 kendrick ? 
 could it be her mother ? 
 or , she shuddered to even think , her father ? 
 the site of that snake had cast a somber shadow on their joyous day , and once their mood had been shattered , they had been unable to get it back . 
 they had made their way back together to the court , parting ways right before they came out of the woods , so they would not be seen . 
 the last thing she wanted was for her mother to catch them together . 
 but gwen would not give up thor so easily , and she would find a way to combat her mother ; she needed time to figure out her strategy . 
 it had been painful to part with thor ; thinking back on it , she felt badly . 
 she had meant to ask him if he would see her again , had meant to make a plan for another day . 
 but she had been in a daze , so distraught by the site of that snake that she had forgotten . 
 now she wondered if he thought she did n't care for her . 
 the second she had arrived at king 's court , her father 's servants had summoned her . 
 she had been ascending the steps ever since , her heart beating , wondering why he wanted to see her . 
 had she had been spotted with thor ? 
 there could be no other reason her father wanted to see her so urgently . 
 was he , too , going to forbid her to see him ? 
 she could hardly imagine that he would . 
 he had always taken her side . 
 gwen , nearly out of breath , finally reached the top . 
 she hurried down the corridor , passed the attendants who snapped at attention and opened the door for her to her father 's chamber . 
 two more servants , waiting inside , bowed at her presence . 
 `` leave us , '' her father said to them . 
 they bowed and hurried from the room , closing the door behind them with a reverberating echo . 
 her father rose from his desk , a big smile on his face , and ventured towards her across the vast chamber . 
 she felt at ease , as she always did , at the sight of him , and felt relieved to see no anger in his expression . 
 `` my gwendolyn , '' he said . 
 he held out his arms and embraced her in a big hug . 
 she embraced him back , and he directed her to two huge chairs , placed on an angle beside the roaring fire . 
 several large dogs , wolfhounds , most of whom she had known since childhood , got out of their way as they walked towards the fire . 
 two of them followed her , and rested their heads in her lap . 
 she was glad the fire was on : it had become unusually cold for a summer day . 
 her father leaned in towards the fire , staring at the flames as the fire crackled before them . 
 `` you know why i have summoned you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she searched his face , but still was not sure . 
 `` i do not , father . '' 
 he looked back in surprise . 
 `` our discussion the other day . 
 with your siblings . 
 about the kingship . 
 that is what i wanted to discuss with you . '' 
 gwen 's heart soared with relief . 
 this was not about thor . 
 it was about politics . 
 stupid politics , which she could care less about . 
 she sighed in relief . 
 `` you look relieved , '' he said . 
 `` what did you think we were going to discuss ? '' 
 her father was too perceptive ; he always had been . 
 he was one of the few people who could read her like a book . 
 she had to be careful around him . 
 `` nothing , father , '' she said quickly . 
 he smiled again . 
 `` so , then tell me . 
 what do you think of my choice ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` choice ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` for my heir ! 
 to the kingdom ! '' 
 `` you mean me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` who else ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 she blushed . 
 `` father , i was surprised , to say the least . 
 i am not the firstborn . 
 and i am a woman . 
 i know nothing of politics . 
 and care nothing for them - or for ruling a kingdom . 
 i have no political ambition . 
 i do not know why you chose me . '' 
 `` it is precisely for those reasons , '' he said , his expression deadly serious . 
 `` it is because you do n't aspire to the throne . 
 you do n't want the kingship . 
 and you know nothing of politics . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` but you know human nature . 
 you are very perceptive . 
 you got it from me . 
 you have your mother 's quick wit , but my skill with people . 
 you know how to judge them ; you can see right through them . 
 and that is what a king needs . 
 to know human nature . 
 there is nothing more you need . 
 all else is artifice . 
 know who your people are . 
 understand them . 
 trust your instincts . 
 be good to them . 
 this is all . '' 
 `` surely , there must be more to ruling a kingdom than that , '' she said . 
 `` not really , '' he said . 
 `` it all stems from that . 
 decisions stem from that . '' 
 `` but father , you are forgetting that , first , i have no desire to rule , and second , you 're not going to die . 
 this is all just a silly tradition , on your eldest 's wedding day . 
 why dwell on this ? 
 i 'd rather not even speak of it , or think of it . 
 i hope the day should never come when i see you pass - so this is all irrelevant . '' 
 he cleared his throat , looking grave . 
 `` i have spoken to argon , and he sees a dark future for me . 
 i have felt it myself . 
 i must prepare , '' he said . 
 gwen felt her stomach tighten . 
 `` argon is a fool . 
 a sorcerer . 
 half of what he says does n't come to pass . 
 ignore him . 
 do n't give in to his silly omens . 
 you are fine . 
 you will live forever . '' 
 but he slowly shook his head , and she could see the sadness in his face , and she felt her stomach tighten even more . 
 `` gwendolyn , my daughter , i love you . 
 i need you to be prepared . 
 i want you to be the next ruler of the ring . 
 i am serious in what i say . 
 it is not a request . 
 it is a command . '' 
 he looked at her with such seriousness , his eyes darkening , it scared her . 
 she had never seen that look on her father 's face before . 
 she felt herself tearing up , and reached up and brushed back a tear . 
 `` i am sorry to have upset you , '' he said . 
 `` then stop talking of this , '' she said , crying . 
 `` i do n't want you to die . '' 
 `` i am sorry , but i can not . 
 i need you to answer me . '' 
 `` father , i do not want to insult you . '' 
 `` then say yes . '' 
 `` but how can i possibly rule ? '' 
 she pleaded . 
 `` it is not as hard as you think . 
 you will be surrounded by advisors . 
 the first rule is to trust none of them . 
 trust yourself . 
 you can do this . 
 your lack of knowledge , your naivete - that is what will make you great . 
 you will make genuine decisions . 
 promise me , '' he insisted . 
 she looked into his eyes , and saw how much this meant to him . 
 she wanted to get off this topic , if for no other reason than to appease his morbidity and cheer him up . 
 `` okay , i promise you , '' she said in a rush . 
 `` does that make you feel better ? '' 
 he leaned back , and she could see him greatly relieved . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` good , now can we talk of other things ? 
 things that might actually happen ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her father leaned back and roared with laughter ; he seemed a million pounds lighter . 
 `` that is why i love you , '' he said . 
 `` always so happy . 
 always able to make me laugh . '' 
 he examined her , and she could sense he was searching for something . 
 `` you seem unusually happy yourself , '' he said . 
 `` is there a boy in the picture ? '' 
 gwen blushed . 
 she stood up and walked to the window , turning from him . 
 `` i 'm sorry father , but that is a private affair . '' 
 `` it is not private if you will be ruling my kingdom , '' he said . 
 `` but i wo n't pry . 
 however , your mother has requested an audience with you , and i assume she will not be so lenient . 
 i will let it go . 
 but prepare yourself . '' 
 her stomach tightened , and she turned away , looking out the window . 
 she hated this place . 
 she wished she were anywhere but here . 
 in a simple village , on a simple farm , living a simple life with thor . 
 away from all of this , from all of these forces trying to control her . 
 she felt a gentle hand on her shoulder , and turned to see her father standing there , smiling down . 
 `` your mother can be fierce . 
 but whatever she decides , know that i will take your side . 
 in matters of love , one must be allowed to choose freely . '' 
 gwen reached up and hugged her dad . 
 at that moment , she loved him more than anything . 
 she tried to push the omen of that snake from her mind , and prayed , with all she had , that it was not meant for her father . 
 gwen twisted and turned down corridor after corridor , past rows of stained-glass , heading towards her mother 's chamber . 
 she hated being summoned by her mother , hated her controlling ways . 
 in many ways , her mother was really the one who ruled the kingdom . 
 she was stronger than her father in many ways , stood her ground more , gave in less easily . 
 of course the kingdom had no idea : he put on a strong face , seemed to be the wise one . 
 but when he returned to the castle , behind closed doors , it was she who he turned to for advice . 
 she was the wiser one . 
 the colder one . 
 the more calculating one . 
 the tougher one . 
 the fearless one . 
 she was the rock . 
 and she ruled their large family with an iron fist . 
 when she wanted something , especially if she got it into her head that it was for the good of the family , she made sure it happened . 
 and now , gwen sensed , her mother 's iron will was about to be turned towards her ; she was already bracing herself for the confrontation . 
 she sensed it had something to do with her romantic life , and feared she had been spotted with thor . 
 but she was resolved not to back down . 
 no matter what it took . 
 if she had to leave this place , she would . 
 her mother could put her in the dungeon for all she wanted . 
 as gwen approached her mother 's chamber , the large oak door was opened by her servants , who stepped out of the way as she entered and closed it behind her . 
 her mother 's chamber was much smaller than her father 's , more intimate , with large rugs , a small tea set and gaming board set up beside a roaring fire , several delicate , yellow velvet chairs beside them . 
 her mother sat in one of the chairs , her back to gwen , even though she was expecting her . 
 she faced the fire , sipped her tea , and moved one of the pieces on the game board . 
 behind her were two ladies in waiting , one tending her hair , and the other tightening her strings on the back of her dress . 
 `` come in , child , '' came her mother 's stern voice . 
 gwen hated when her mother did this - held court in front of her servants . 
 she wished she would dismiss them , like her father did when they spoke . 
 it was the least she could do for privacy and decency . 
 but her mother never did . 
 gwen concluded it was a power-play , keeping her servants hovering around , listening , in order to keep gwen on edge . 
 gwen had no choice but to cross the room and take a seat in one of the velvet chairs opposite her mother , too close to the fire . 
 another one of her mother 's power plays : it kept her company too warm , caught off guard by the flames . 
 her mother did not look up ; rather she stared down at her board game , pushing one of the ivory pieces in the complex maze . 
 `` your turn , '' her mother said . 
 gwen looked down at the board ; she was surprised her mother still had this game going . 
 she recalled she had the brown pieces , but she had n't played this game with her mother in weeks . 
 her mother was an expert at pawns - but gwen was even better . 
 her mother hated to lose , and she clearly had been analyzing this board for quite a while , hoping to make the perfect move . 
 now that gwen was here , she moved . 
 but , unlike her mother , gwen did n't need to study the board . 
 she merely glanced at it and saw the perfect move in her head . 
 she reached up and moved one of the brown pieces sideways , all the way across the board . 
 it put her mother one move away from losing . 
 her mother stared down , expressionless except for a flicker of her eyebrow , which gwen knew indicated dismay . 
 gwen was smarter , and her mother would never accept that . 
 her mother cleared her throat , studying the board , still not looking at her . 
 `` i know all about your escapades with that common boy , '' she said derisively . 
 `` you defy me . '' 
 her mother looked up at her . 
 `` why ? '' 
 gwen took a deep breath , feeling her stomach tighten , trying to frame the best response . 
 she would not give in . 
 not this time . 
 `` my private affairs are not your business , '' gwen responded . 
 `` are n't they ? 
 they are very much by business . 
 your private affairs will affect kingships . 
 the fate of this family . 
 of the ring . 
 your private affairs are political - as much as you would like to forget . 
 you are not a commoner . 
 nothing is private in your world . 
 and nothing is private from me . '' 
 her mother 's voice was steely and cold , and gwen resented every moment of it . 
 there was nothing gwen could do but sit there and wait for her to finish . 
 she felt trapped . 
 finally , her mother cleared her throat . 
 `` since you refuse to listen to me , i will have to make decisions for you . 
 you will not see that boy ever again . 
 if you do , i will have him transferred out of the legion , out of king 's court , and back to his village . 
 then i will have him put in stocks - along with his whole family . 
 he will be cast out in disgrace . 
 and you will never know him again . '' 
 her mother looked at her , her lower lip trembling in rage . 
 `` do you understand me ? '' 
 gwen breathed in sharply , for the first time comprehending the evil her mother was capable of . 
 she hated her more than she could say . 
 gwen also caught the nervous glances of the attendants . 
 it was humiliating . 
 before she could respond , her mother continued . 
 `` furthermore , in order to prevent more of your reckless behavior , i have taken steps to arrange a rational union for you . 
 you will be wed to alton , on the first day of next month . 
 you may begin your wedding preparations now . 
 prepare for life as a married woman . 
 that is all , '' her mother said dismissively , turning back to the board as if she had just mentioned the most common of matters . 
 gwen seethed and burn inside , and wanted to scream . 
 `` how dare you , '' gwen said back , a rage building inside . 
 `` do you think i am some puppet on a string , to be played by you ? 
 do you really think i will marry whomever you tell me to ? '' 
 `` i do n't think , '' her mother replied . 
 `` i know . 
 you are my daughter , and you answer to me . 
 and you will marry exactly who i say you will . '' 
 `` no i wo n't ! '' 
 gwen screamed back . 
 `` and you ca n't make me ! 
 father said you ca n't make me ! '' 
 `` arranged unions are still the right of every parent in this kingdom - and they are certainly the right of the king and queen . 
 your father postures , but you know as well as i do that he will always concede to my will . 
 i have my ways . '' 
 her mother glared at her . 
 `` so , you see , you will do as i say . 
 your marriage is happening . 
 nothing can stop it . 
 prepare yourself . '' 
 `` i wo n't do it , '' gwen responded . 
 `` never . 
 and if you talk to me anymore of this , i will never speak to you again . '' 
 her mother looked up and smiled at her , a cold , ugly smile . 
 `` i do n't care if you never speak to me . 
 i 'm your mother , not your friend . 
 and i am your queen . 
 this may very well be our last encounter together . 
 it does not matter . 
 at the end of the day you will do as i say . 
 and i will watch you from afar , as you live out the life i plan for you . '' 
 her mother turned back to her game . 
 `` you are dismissed , '' she said with a wave of her hand , as if gwen were another servant . 
 gwen so boiled over with rage , she could not take it anymore . 
 she took three steps , marched to her mother 's game board , and threw it over with both hands , sending the ivory pieces and the big ivory table crashing down and shattering in pieces . 
 her mother jumped back in shock as it did . 
 `` i hate you , '' gwen hissed . 
 with that , gwen turned , red-faced , and stormed from the room , brushing off the attendants ' hands , determined to walk out on her own volition - and to never see her mother 's face again . 
 thor walked for hours through the winding trails of the forest , thinking about his encounter with gwen . 
 he could not shake her from his mind . 
 their time together had been magical , way beyond his expectations , and he no longer worried about the depth of her feelings for him . 
 it was the perfect day - except , of course , for what happened at the end of their encounter . 
 that white snake , so rare , and such a bad omen . 
 it was lucky they had not been bit ; thor looked down at krohn , walking loyally beside him , happy as ever , and wondered what would 've happened if he had not been there , had not killed the snake and saved their lives . 
 would they both be dead right now ? 
 he was forever grateful to krohn , and knew he had a lifelong , trusted companion in him . 
 yet the omen still bothered him : that snake was exceedingly rare , and did n't even live in this portion of the kingdom . 
 it lived farther south , in the marshes and swamps . 
 how could it have traveled so far ? 
 why did it have to come upon them at just that moment ? 
 it was too mystical : he felt absolutely certain that it was a sign . 
 like gwen , he felt it was a bad omen , a harbinger of death to come . 
 but whose ? 
 thor wanted to push the image from his mind , to forget about it , to think of other things - but he could not . 
 it plagued him , gave him no rest . 
 he knew he should return to the barracks , but he had not been able to . 
 today was still their day off , and so instead he had walked for hours , circling the forest trails , trying to clear his mind . 
 he felt certain that the snake held some deep message , just for him , that he was being urged to take some action . 
 making things worse , his departure with gwen had been abrupt . 
 when they 'd reach the forest 's edge , they had parted ways quickly , with barely a word . 
 she had seemed distraught . 
 he assumed it was because of the snake , but he could not be sure . 
 she had made no mention of their meeting again . 
 had she changed her mind about him ? 
 had he done something wrong ? 
 the thought tore thor apart . 
 he hardly knew what to do with himself , as he wandered in circles for hours . 
 he felt that he needed to talk to someone , someone who understood these things , who understood signs and omens . 
 thor stopped in his tracks . 
 of course . 
 argon . 
 he would be perfect . 
 he could explain it all to him , and set his mind at ease . 
 thor looked out : he was standing at the northern end of the farthest ridge and from here had a sweeping view of the royal city below him . 
 he stood near a crossroads , and he knew that argon lived alone , in a stone cottage , on the northern outskirts of boulder plains . 
 he knew that if he forked left , away from the city , one of these trails would lead him there . 
 he began his journey . 
 it was far from here , and there was a good chance , thor knew , that argon would not even be there . 
 but he had to try . 
 he could not rest until he had answers . 
 thor walked with a new bounce to his step , walking double-time , heading towards the plains . 
 morning turned into afternoon , as he walked and walked . 
 it was a beautiful summer day , and the light shone brilliantly on the fields all around him . 
 krohn bounced along at his side , stopping every now and again to pounce on a squirrel , which he carried triumphantly in his mouth . 
 the trail became steeper , windier , and the meadows faded , giving way to a desolate landscape of rocks and boulders . 
 soon , the trail , too , faded . 
 it became colder and windier up here , as the trees dropped away too , and the landscape turned rocky , craggy . 
 it was eerie up here , nothing but small rocks , dirt and boulders as far as the eye could see ; thor felt like he was journeying on a wasted earth . 
 as the trail completely disappeared , thor found himself walking on gravel and rock . 
 beside him , krohn began to whine . 
 there was a creepy feeling in the air , and thor felt it , too . 
 it was n't necessarily evil : it was just different . 
 like a heavy spiritual fog . 
 just as thor was beginning to wonder if he was heading in the right direction , he spotted on the horizon , high up on a hill , a small stone cottage . 
 it was perfectly round , shaped as a ring , built of a black , solid stone and low to the ground . 
 it had no windows , and just a single door , shaped in an arch - yet with no knocker or handle . 
 could argon really live here , in this desolate place ? 
 would he be upset that thor had come uninvited ? 
 thor was beginning to have second thoughts , but forced himself to stay on the path . 
 as he approached the door , he felt the energy in the air , so thick he could hardly breathe . 
 his heart beat faster with trepidation as he reached out to knock with his fist . 
 before he could touch it , the door opened by itself , a crack . 
 it looked black in there , and thor could not tell if only the wind had pushed it open . 
 it was so dark , he could not see how anyone could be inside . 
 thor reached out , gently pushed open the door , and stuck his head in : `` hello ? '' 
 he called out . 
 he pushed it wider . 
 it was black in here , save for a soft glow on the far side of the dwelling . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 he called out , louder . 
 `` argon ? '' 
 beside him , krohn whined . 
 it seemed obvious to thor that this was a bad idea , that argon was not at home . 
 but still he forced himself to look . 
 he took two steps in , and as he did , the door slammed close behind him . 
 thor spun , and there , standing on the far wall , was argon . 
 `` i 'm sorry to have disturbed you , '' thor said , his heart pounding . 
 `` you come uninvited , '' argon said . 
 `` forgive me , '' thor said . 
 `` i did not mean to intrude . '' 
 thor looked around , as his eyes adjusted to the darkness , and saw several small candles , laid out in a circle , around the periphery of the stone wall . 
 the room was lit mostly by a single shaft of light , which came in through a small , circular opening in the ceiling . 
 this place was overwhelming , stark and surreal . 
 `` few people have been here , '' argon replied . 
 `` of course , you would not be here now unless i allowed you to be . 
 that door only opens for whom it is intended . 
 for whom it is not , it would never open - not with all the strength of the world . '' 
 thor felt better , and yet he also wondered how argon had known he was coming . 
 everything about this man was mysterious to him . 
 `` i had an encounter i did not understand , '' thor said , needing to let it all out , and to hear argon 's opinion . 
 `` there was a snake . 
 a whiteback . 
 it nearly attacked us . 
 we were saved by my leopard , krohn . '' 
 `` we ? '' 
 argon asked . 
 thor flushed , realizing he had said too much . 
 he did n't know what to say . 
 `` i was not alone , '' he said . 
 `` and who were you with ? '' 
 thor bit his tongue , not knowing how much to say . 
 after all , this man was close to her father , the king , and perhaps he would tell . 
 `` i do n't see how that is relevant to the snake . '' 
 `` it is entirely relevant . 
 have you not wondered if that is why the snake came to begin with ? '' 
 thor was completely off guard . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' he said . 
 `` not every omen you see is meant for you . 
 some are meant for others . '' 
 thor examined argon in the dim light , starting to understand . 
 was gwen fated for something evil ? 
 and if so , could he stop it ? 
 `` can you change fate ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 argon turned , slowly crossing his room . 
 `` of course , that is the question we have been asking for centuries , '' argon replied . 
 `` can fate be changed ? 
 on the one hand , everything is destined , everything is written . 
 on the other hand , we have free will . 
 our choices also determine our fate . 
 it seems impossible for these two - destiny and free will - to live together , side by side , yet they do . 
 it is where these two intercede - where destiny meets free will - that human behavior comes into play . 
 destiny ca n't always be broken , but sometimes it can be bent , or even changed , by a great sacrifice and a great force of free will . 
 yet most of the time , destiny is firm . 
 most of the time , we are just bystanders , put her to watch it play out . 
 we think we play a part in it , but usually we do n't . 
 we are mostly observers , not participants . '' 
 `` so then why does the universe bother showing us omens , if there 's nothing we can do about them ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 argon turned and smiled . 
 `` you are quick boy , i will give you that . 
 mostly , we are shown omens to prepare ourselves . 
 we are shown our fate to give us time to prepare . 
 sometimes , rarely , we are given an omen to enable us to take action , to change what will be . 
 but this is very rare . '' 
 `` is it true that the whiteback foretells death ? '' 
 argon examined him . 
 `` it is , '' he said , finally . 
 `` without fail . '' 
 thor 's heart pounded at the response , at the confirmation of his fears . 
 he was also surprised by argon 's straightforward response . 
 `` i encountered one , today , '' thor said , `` but i do n't know who will die . 
 or if there is some action i can take to prevent it . 
 i want to put it out of my mind , but i can not . 
 always , that image of the snake 's head is with me . 
 why ? '' 
 argon examined him a very long time , and sighed . 
 `` because whomever will die , it will affect you directly . 
 it will affect your destiny . '' 
 thor was increasingly agitated ; he felt that every answer bred more questions . 
 `` but that 's not fair , '' thor said . 
 `` i need to know who it is that will die . 
 i need to warn them ! '' 
 slowly , argon shook his head . 
 `` it may not be for you to know , '' he answered . 
 `` and if you do know , there may still be nothing you can do about it . 
 death finds its subject - even if someone is warned . '' 
 `` then why was i shown this ? '' 
 thor asked , tormented . 
 `` and why ca n't i get it from my head ? '' 
 argon stepped forward , so close , inches away ; the intensity of his eyes burned bright in this dim place , and it frightened thor . 
 it was like looking into the sun , and it was all he could do not to look away . 
 argon raised a hand and placed it on thor 's shoulder . 
 it was ice to the touch and sent a chill through him . 
 `` you are young , '' argon said , slowly . 
 `` you are still learning . 
 you feel things too deeply . 
 seeing the future is a great reward . 
 but it can also be a great curse . 
 most humans who live out their destiny have no awareness of it . 
 sometimes the most painful thing is to have an awareness of your destiny , of what will be . 
 you have not even begun to understand your powers . 
 but you will . 
 one day . 
 once you understand where you are from . '' 
 `` where i 'm from ? '' 
 thor asked , confused . 
 `` your mother 's home . 
 far from here . 
 beyond the canyon , on the outer reaches of the wilds . 
 there is a castle , high up in the sky . 
 it sits alone on a cliff , and to reach it , you walk along a windy stone road . 
 it is a magical road - like ascending into the sky itself . 
 it is a place of profound power . 
 that is where you hail from . 
 until you reach that place , you will never fully understand . 
 once you do , all your questions will be answered . '' 
 thor blinked , and when he opened his eyes , he found himself , to his amazement , standing outside argon 's dwelling . 
 he had no idea how he got here . 
 the wind whipped through the rocky crag , and thor squinted at the harsh sunlight . 
 beside him stood krohn , whining . 
 thor went back to argon 's door and pounded on it with all his might . 
 there came nothing but silence in return . 
 `` argon ! '' 
 thor screamed . 
 he was answered only by the whistling of the wind . 
 he tried the door , even putting his shoulder to it - but it would not budge . 
 thor waited a long time , he was not sure how long , until finally the day grew late . 
 finally , he realized that his time here was over . 
 he turned and began to walk back down the rocky slope , wondering . 
 he felt more confused than ever , and also felt more certain that a death was coming - yet more helpless to stop it . 
 as he hiked in that desolate place , he began to feel something cold on his ankles and he looked down and saw a thick fog forming . 
 it rose , growing thicker and rising higher by the moment . 
 thor did not understand what was happening . 
 krohn whined . 
 thor tried to speed up , to continue his way back down the mountain , but in moments the fog grew so thick , he could barely see before his eyes . 
 at the same time , he felt his limbs grow heavy , and , as if by magic , the sky grew dark . 
 he felt himself growing exhausted . 
 he could not take another step . 
 he curled up in a ball on the ground , right where he stood , enveloped in the thick fog . 
 he tried to open his eyes , to move , but he could not . 
 in moments , he was fast asleep . 
 thor saw himself standing at the top of a mountain , staring out over the entire kingdom of the ring . 
 before him was king 's court , the castle , the fortifications , the gardens , the trees and rolling hills as far as he could see - all in full bloom of summer . 
 the fields were filled with fruits and colored flowers , and there was the sound of music and festivities . 
 but as thor turned slowly , surveying everything , the grass began to turn black . 
 fruits fell off the trees . 
 then the trees themselves shriveled up to nothing . 
 all the flowers dried up to crisps , and , to his horror , one building after the next crumbled , until the entire kingdom was nothing but desolation , heaps of rubble and stone . 
 thor looked down and suddenly saw a huge whiteback , slithering between his legs . 
 he stood there , helpless , as it coiled around his legs , then his waist , then arms . 
 he felt himself being suffocated , the life squeezed out of him , as the snake coiled all the way around and stared at him in the face , inches away , hissing , its long tongue nearly touching thor 's cheek . 
 and then it opened its mouth so wide , revealing huge fangs , leaned forward , and swallowed thor 's face . 
 thor shrieked , and then found himself standing alone inside the king 's castle . 
 the castle was completely empty , no throne left where one used to be , and the destiny sword lying on the ground , untouched . 
 the windows were all shattered , stained-glass lying in heaps on the stone . 
 he heard distant music and turned and walked through empty room after empty room . 
 finally he reached huge double doors , a hundred feet tall , and he opened them with all his might . 
 thor stood at the entrance to the royal feasting hall . 
 before him were two long feasting tables , stretching across the room , overflowing with food - yet empty of men . 
 at the far end of the hall sat one man . 
 king macgil . 
 he sat on his throne , staring right at thor . 
 he seemed so far away . 
 thor felt he had to reach him . 
 he began to walk through the great room , towards him , between the two feasting tables . 
 as he went , all the food on either side of him went bad , becoming rotten with each step he took , turning black and covered with flies . 
 flies buzzed and swarmed all around him , tearing apart the food . 
 thor walked faster . 
 the king was getting close now , hardly ten feet away , when a servant appeared out of a side chamber carrying a huge , golden goblet of wine . 
 it was a distinct goblet , made of solid gold and covered in rows of rubies and sapphires . 
 while the king was n't looking , thor saw the servant slip a white powder into the goblet . 
 thor realized it was poison . 
 the servant brought it closer , and macgil reached down and grabbed it with both hands . 
 `` no ! '' 
 thor screamed . 
 thor lunged forward , trying to knock the wine away from the king . 
 but he was not fast enough . 
 macgil leaned back and drank the wine in big gulps . 
 it poured down his cheeks , down his chest , as he finished it . 
 macgil then turned and looked at thor , and as he did , his eyes opened wide . 
 he reached up and grabbed his throat until , gagging , he keeled over and fell off his throne ; he fell sideways , landing on the hard stone floor . 
 his crown rolled off it , hit the stone floor with a clang , and rolled several feet . 
 he lay there , motionless , eyes open , dead . 
 ephistopheles swooped down , landed on macgil 's head . 
 it sat there , looked right at thor and screeched . 
 the sound was so shrill , it sent a shiver up thor 's spine . 
 `` no ! '' 
 thor screamed . 
 thor woke screaming . 
 he sat up , looking all around , sweating , breathing hard , trying to figure out where he was . 
 he was still lying on the ground , on argon 's mountain . 
 he could not believe it : he must have fallen asleep here . 
 the fog was gone , and as he looked up and saw that it was daybreak . 
 a blood red sun was breaking over the horizon , lighting up the day . 
 beside him , khron whined , jumped into his lap and licked his face . 
 thor hugged khron with one hand as he breathed hard , trying to figure out if he was awake or asleep . 
 it took him a long time to realize it had just been a dream . 
 it had felt so real . 
 thor heard a screech and turned to see ephistopheles , perched on a rock , just a foot away . 
 he looked right at him and screeched , again and again . 
 the sound sent a chill up thor 's spine . 
 it was the sound from his dream , and at that moment he knew , with every ounce of his body , that his dream had been a message . 
 the king was going to be poisoned . 
 thor jumped to his feet and , in the breaking light of dawn , sprinted down the mountain , heading for king 's court . 
 he had to get to the king . 
 he had to warn him . 
 the king might think he was crazy , but he had no choice : he would do whatever he could to save the king 's life . 
 thor raced across the drawbridge , sprinting for the castle 's outer gate , and luckily , the two guards recognized him from the legion . 
 they let him through without stopping him , and he continued running , khron by his side . 
 thor sprinted across the royal courtyard , past the fountains , and ran right to the inner gate of the king 's castle . 
 there stood four guards , who blocked his way . 
 thor stopped , gasping for air . 
 `` what is your purpose , boy ? '' 
 one of them asked . 
 `` you do n't understand , you have to let me in , '' thor gasped . 
 `` i need to see the king . '' 
 the guards looked at each other , skeptical . 
 `` i am thorgrin , of the king 's legion . 
 you must let me through . '' 
 `` i know who he is , '' one guard said to the other . 
 `` he 's one of us . '' 
 but the lead guard stepped forward . 
 `` what business have you with the king ? '' 
 he pressed . 
 thor still fought to catch his breath . 
 `` very urgent business . 
 i must see him at once . '' 
 `` well he must not be expecting you , because you are ill-informed . 
 our king is not here . 
 he left with his caravan hours ago , on court business . 
 they wo n't be returning until tonight , until the royal feast . '' 
 `` feast ? '' 
 thor asked , his heart thumping . 
 he remembered his dream , the feasting tables , and eerily felt it all coming to life . 
 `` yes , feast . 
 if you are of the legion , i am sure you will be there . 
 but now he is gone , and there is no way you can see him . 
 come back tonight , with the others . '' 
 `` but i must get him a message ! '' 
 thor insisted . 
 `` before the feast ! '' 
 `` you can leave the message with me if you like . 
 but i ca n't deliver it any sooner than you . '' 
 thor did not want to leave such a message with a guard ; he realized it would seem crazy . 
 he had to deliver it himself , tonight , before the feast . 
 he only prayed it would not be too late . 
 thor hurried back to the legion 's barracks at the crack of dawn , luckily arriving before the day 's training began . 
 he was winded when he arrived , khron at his side , and he ran into the other boys just as they were waking , beginning to file out for the day 's assignments . 
 he stood there , gasping , more troubled than ever . 
 he hardly knew how he would make it through the day 's training ; he would be counting down the minutes until the night 's feast , until he could warn the king . 
 he felt certain that the omen came to him so that he could warn him , that the fate of the kingdom rested on his shoulders . 
 thor ran up beside reece and o'connor as they made their way out to the field , looking exhausted , and began to line up . 
 `` where were you last night ? '' 
 reece asked . 
 thor wished he knew how to respond - but he did n't really know where he had been himself . 
 what was he supposed to say ? 
 that he had fallen asleep outside on the ground , on argon 's mountain ? 
 it made no sense , not even to him . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he answered , not knowing how much to tell them . 
 `` what do you mean you do n't know ? '' 
 o'connor asked . 
 `` i got lost , '' thor said . 
 `` lost ? '' 
 `` well you 're lucky you made it back when you did , '' reece said . 
 `` if you had come back late for the day 's assignments , they would n't have let you back into the legion , '' elden added , coming up beside them , clapping a beefy hand on his shoulder . 
 `` good to see you . 
 you were missed yesterday . '' 
 thor was still shocked at the difference in how elden treated him since their time on the far side of the canyon . 
 `` how did things go with my sister ? '' 
 reece asked , in hushed tones . 
 thor blushed , unsure how to respond . 
 `` did you see her ? '' 
 reece prodded . 
 `` yes , i did , '' he began . 
 `` we had a great time . 
 although we had to leave abruptly . '' 
 `` well , '' reece continued , as they all lined up side-by-side before kolk and the king 's men , `` you will get to see more of her tonight . 
 put on your finest . 
 it 's the king 's feast . '' 
 thor 's stomach dropped . 
 he thought of his dream and felt as if destiny were dancing before his eyes - and that he was helpless , fated to do nothing but just watch it unfold . 
 `` quiet ! '' 
 screamed kolk , as he began to pace before the boys . 
 thor stiffened , with the others , as they all fell silent . 
 kolk walked slowly up and down the lines , surveying them all . 
 `` you had your fun yesterday . 
 now it 's back to training . 
 and today , you will learn the ancient art of ditch digging . '' 
 a collective groan rose up among the boys . 
 `` silence ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 the boys fell quiet . 
 `` ditch digging is hard work , '' kolk continued . 
 `` but it is important work . 
 you will one day find yourself out there , protecting our kingdom , in the wilderness , with no one to help you . 
 it will be freezing , so cold you ca n't feel your toes , the black of night , and you will do anything to keep warm . 
 or you may find yourself in a battle , in which you need to take cover , to save yourself from the enemies ' arrows . 
 there may be a million reasons why you need a ditch . 
 and a ditch may be your best friend . 
 `` today , '' he continued , clearing his throat , `` you will spend all day digging , until your hands are red with calluses and your back is breaking , and you ca n't take it anymore . 
 then , on the day of battle , it will not seem as bad . 
 `` follow me ! '' 
 kolk yelled . 
 there came another groan of disappointment as the boys broke down into a line of two , and began marching across the field , following kolk . 
 `` great , '' elden said . 
 `` ditch digging . 
 exactly how i wanted to spend the day . '' 
 `` could be worse , '' o'connor said . 
 `` it could be raining . '' 
 they looked up at the sky , and thor spotted threatening clouds overhead . 
 `` it just might , '' reece said . 
 `` do n't jinx it . '' 
 `` thor ! '' 
 came a shout . 
 thor turned to see kolk glaring at him , off to the side . 
 he ran over to him , wondering what he had done wrong . 
 `` yes , sire . '' 
 `` your knight has summoned you , '' he said , curt . 
 `` report to erec at the castle grounds . 
 you 're lucky : you 're off-duty for today . 
 you will serve your knight instead , as all good squires should . 
 but do n't think you 're getting out of ditch digging : when you return tomorrow , you will be digging ditches by yourself . 
 now go ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 thor turned and saw the envious looks of the others , then ran from the field , heading for the castle . 
 what could erec want from him ? 
 had it something to do with the king ? 
 thor ran through king 's court , turning down a path he had never gone down before : towards the barracks of the silver . 
 their barracks were much more grand than those of the legion 's , their buildings twice the size , lined with copper , and their pathways paved with new stone . 
 to get there , thor had to pass through an arched gate twice the size of any other , a dozen of the king 's men standing guard . 
 the path then broadened , stretching out across a huge , open field , and culminating in a complex of stone buildings , encircled by a fence , and guarded by dozens more knights . 
 it was an imposing site , even from here . 
 thor raced down the path , conspicuous in the open field , and knights already prepared for his approach , even though he was so far away , stepping forward and crossing their lances , looking straight ahead , ignoring him , as they blocked his path . 
 `` what business have you here ? '' 
 one of them asked . 
 `` i am reporting for duty , '' thor responded . 
 `` i am erec 's squire . '' 
 the knights exchanged a wary look , but another knight stepped forward and nodded . 
 they stepped back , uncrossed their weapons , and the gate slowly opened , its metal spikes rising , creaking . 
 the gate was immense , at least two feet thick , and thor thought that this place was even more fortified than even the king 's castle . 
 `` the second building on the right . '' 
 the knight yelled . 
 `` you 'll find him in the stables . '' 
 thor turned and hurried down the path through the courtyard , passing a compound of stone buildings , taking it all in . 
 everything was gleaming here , spotless , perfectly maintained . 
 the whole place exuded an aura of strength . 
 thor found the building , and was dazzled by the sight before him : dozens of the biggest and most beautiful horses he 'd ever seen were tied up in neat rows outside the building , most of them covered in armor . 
 the horses gleamed . 
 everything here was bigger , grander . 
 he was inside the silver 's home ; he could hardly believe it . 
 real knights trotted by in every direction , carrying various weapons , passing through the courtyard on their way in or out of various gates . 
 it was a busy place , and thor could feel the presence of battle here . 
 this place was not about training : it was about war . 
 life and death . 
 thor passed through a small , arched entranceway , down a darkened corridor of stone , and continued hurrying through , passing by stable after stable , searching for erec . 
 but he reached the end of it , and he was nowhere to be found . 
 `` looking for erec , are you ? '' 
 a guard asked . 
 thor turned and nodded . 
 `` yes , sire . 
 i am his squire . '' 
 `` you are late . 
 he is already outside , preparing his horse . 
 move quickly , then . '' 
 thor ran down the corridor and burst out of the stables into an open field . 
 there was erec , standing before a giant , valiant stallion , a gleaming black horse with a white nose . 
 the horse snorted as thor arrived , and erec turned . 
 `` i am sorry , sire , '' thor said , out of breath . 
 `` i came as fast as i could . 
 i did not mean to be late . '' 
 `` you are just in time , '' erec said with a gracious smile . 
 `` thor , meet lannin , '' he added , gesturing to the horse . 
 lannin snorted and pranced , as if in response . 
 thor stepped up and reached out a hand and stroked his nose ; he whinnied softly in return . 
 `` he is my journey horse . 
 a knight of rank has many horses , as you will learn . 
 there is one for jousting , one for battle , and one for the long , solitary journey . 
 this is the one you forge the closest friendship with . 
 he likes you . 
 that is good . '' 
 lannin leaned forward and stuck his nose in thor 's palm . 
 thor was overwhelmed by the magnificence of this creature . 
 he could see intelligence shining in his eyes . 
 it was eerie : he felt as if he understood everything . 
 but something erec said threw thor off . 
 `` did you say a journey , sire ? '' 
 he asked surprised . 
 erec stopped tightening the harness , turned and looked at him . 
 `` today is the day of my birth . 
 i have reached my twenty fifth year . 
 that is a special day . 
 do you know about selection day ? '' 
 thor shook his head . 
 `` very little , sire ; only what others tell me . '' 
 `` we knights of the ring must always continue on , generation after generation , '' erec began . 
 `` we have until our twenty fifth year to choose a bride . 
 if one is not chosen by then , law dictates for us to find one . 
 we are given one year to find her , and to bring her back . 
 if we return without one , then one is given to us by the king , and we forfeit our right to choose . 
 `` so today , i must embark on my journey to find my bride . '' 
 thor stared back , speechless . 
 `` but sire , you are leaving ? 
 for one year ? '' 
 thor 's stomach dropped at the thought of it . 
 he felt his world crumbling around him . 
 it was n't until this moment that he realized what a liking he had taken to erec ; in some ways , he had become like a father to him - certainly more of a father than the one he 'd had . 
 `` but then who shall i be squire to ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 `` and where will you go ? '' 
 thor recalled how much erec had stuck up for him , how he had saved his life . 
 his heart sank at the idea of his leaving . 
 erec laughed , a carefree laugh . 
 `` which question shall i answer first ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` do not worry . 
 you have been assigned a new knight . 
 you will be squire to him until my return . 
 kendrick , the king 's eldest son . '' 
 thor 's heart soared to hear that ; he felt an equally strong attachment to kendrick who , after all , was the first one to look out for him and assure him a spot in the legion . 
 `` as far as my journey ... '' erec continued , '' ... i do not yet know . 
 i know i will head south , towards the kingdom that i hail from , and search for a bride in that direction . 
 if i do not find one within the ring , then i may even cross the sea to my own kingdom to search for one there . '' 
 `` your own kingdom , sire ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 thor realized that he did n't really know that much about erec , about where he came from . 
 he had always just assumed he had come from within the ring . 
 erec smiled . 
 `` yes , far from here , across the sea . 
 but that is a tale for another time . 
 it will be a far journey , and a long one , and i must prepare . 
 so help me now . 
 time is quick . 
 harness my horse , and stock it with all manner of weapons . '' 
 thor 's head was spinning as he sprang into action , running to the stables , to the horse armory , and grabbing the distinct black and silver armor he knew belonged to lannin . 
 he ran back with one piece at a time , first placing the mailcoat on the horse 's back , reaching up to drape it around his huge body . 
 then thor ran and grabbed the shaffron , the thin , plated metal for the horse 's head . 
 lannin whinnied as he did so , and he seemed to like it . 
 he was a noble horse , a warrior , thor could tell , and he seemed just as comfortable in armor as a knight would . 
 thor ran back and retrieved erec 's golden spurs , and helped attach one to each foot as erec mounted the horse . 
 `` which weapons will you need , sire ? '' 
 thor asked . 
 erec looked down , seeming huge from this perspective . 
 `` it 's hard to anticipate what battles i might encounter throughout a year . 
 but i need to be able to hunt , and to defend myself . 
 so of course , i need my longsword . 
 i also should bring my shortsword , a bow , a quiver of arrows , a short spear , a mace , a dagger , and my shield . 
 i suspect that will do . '' 
 `` yes , sire , '' thor said , and broke into action . 
 he ran to erec 's weapons rack , beside lannin 's stable , and looked over the dozens of weapons . 
 there was an impressive arsenal to choose from . 
 he carefully removed all the weapons that erec needed , and brought them back one at a time , handing them to erec or placing them securely in the harness . 
 as erec sat there , tightening his leather gauntlets , preparing to leave , thor could not stand to watch him go . 
 `` sire , i feel it is my duty to accompany you on this journey , '' thor said . 
 `` i am your squire after all . '' 
 erec shook his head . 
 `` it is a journey i must take alone . '' 
 `` then may i at least accompany you to the first crossing ? '' 
 thor pressed . 
 `` if you are heading south , those are roads that i know well . 
 i am from the south . '' 
 erec looked down , considering . 
 `` if you want to accompany me to the first crossing , i see no harm in that . 
 but it is a hard day 's ride , so we must leave now . 
 take my squire 's horse , in the rear of the stable . 
 the brown one , with the red mane . '' 
 thor ran back to the stable and found the horse . 
 as he mounted it , khron stuck his head out of his shirt and looked up and whined . 
 `` it 's okay , khron , '' thor reassured . 
 thor leaned forward , kicked the horse , and they burst out of the stable . 
 erec had barely waited for him to catch up when he kicked lannin and raced off at a gallop . 
 thor kicked his horse and followed erec as best he could . 
 they rode together out of king 's court , through the gate , as several guardsmen pulled it back and stood to the side . 
 several members of the silver were lined up , watching , waiting , and as erec rode by , they raised their fists in salute . 
 thor was proud to ride beside him , to be his squire , and excited to accompany him , even if it was only to the first crossing . 
 there was so much thor had left to say to erec , so many things he wanted to ask him - and so much he wanted to thank him for . 
 but there was n't time , as the two of them galloped south , bursting across the plains , the terrain constantly changing as their horses charged down the king 's road in the late morning sun . 
 as they passed a hill , in the distance thor could see all the legion members on a field , breaking their backs as they dug trenches . 
 thor was glad he was not among them . 
 as thor looked , in the distance he saw one of them stop , raise a fist in the air , towards him . 
 it was hard to see in the sun , but he felt sure it was reece , saluting . 
 thor raised a fist back , as they rode on . 
 the well-paved roads gave way to untended country roads . 
 the roads became more narrow , rougher , and eventually became hardly more than well-trodden paths , cutting through the countryside . 
 thor knew it was dangerous for common folk to ride these roads alone - especially at night , with all the thieves that lurked on them . 
 but thor had little worry of this himself , especially with erec at his side - in fact , if a robber should confront them , thor feared more for the robber 's life . 
 of course , it would be crazy for any thief to attempt to stop a member of the silver . 
 they rode all day , hardly taking a break , until thor was exhausted , out of breath . 
 he could hardly believe erec 's stamina - yet he dared not let erec know he was tired , for fear of seeming weak . 
 they passed a major crossroads , and thor recognized it . 
 he knew that if they bore right , it would bring them to his village . 
 for a moment , thor felt overwhelmed with nostalgia , and a part of him wanted to take the road , to see his father , his village . 
 he wondered what his father was doing right now , who was tending the sheep , how irate his father must have been at his not returning . 
 not that he cared for him much . 
 he just , momentarily , missed what was familiar . 
 he was , in fact , relieved he had escaped from that small village , and another part of him wanted to never return . 
 they continued galloping on , farther and farther south , to territory even thor had never been to . 
 he had heard of the southern crossing , though he had never had reason to be there himself . 
 it was one of three major crossroads that led to the southern reaches of the ring . 
 he was a good half day 's ride now from king 's court , and already the sun was getting long in the sky . 
 thor , sweating , out of breath , was starting to wonder , with trepidation , if he would make it back in time for the king 's feast tonight . 
 had he made a mistake to accompany erec this far ? 
 they rounded a hilltop , and finally thor saw it , there on the horizon : the unmistakable sign of the first crossing . 
 it was marked by a large , skinny tower , the king 's flag draped from it in all four directions , and members of the silver standing guard atop its parapets . 
 at the site of erec , the knight atop the tower blew his trumpet . 
 slowly , the gatehouse rose . 
 they were but a few hundred yards away , and erec slowed his horse to a walk . 
 thor had a knot in his stomach as he realized these were his last few minutes with erec until who knew how long . 
 who knew , indeed , if he would even return . 
 one year is a long time , and anything could happen . 
 he was glad , at least , that he had had this chance to accompany him . 
 he felt as if he had fulfilled his duty . 
 the two of them walked side-by-side , their horses breathing hard , the men breathing hard , as they approached the tower . 
 `` i may not see you for many moons , '' erec said . 
 `` when i return , i will have a bride in tow . 
 things may change . 
 though no matter what happens , know that you will always be my squire . '' 
 erec took a deep breath . 
 `` as i leave you , there are some things i want you to remember . 
 a knight is not forged by strength - but by intelligence . 
 courage alone does not make a knight , but courage and honor and wisdom together . 
 you must work always to perfect your spirit , your mind . 
 chivalry is not passive - it is active . 
 you must work on it , better yourself , every moment of every day . 
 `` over these moons , you will learn all manner of weapons , all manner of skills . 
 but remember : there is another dimension to our fighting . 
 the sorcerer 's dimension . 
 seek out argon . 
 learn to develop your hidden powers . 
 i have sensed them in you . 
 you have great potential . 
 it is nothing to be ashamed of . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 `` yes , sire , '' thor answered , welling with gratitude for his wisdom and understanding . 
 `` i chose to take you under my wing for a reason . 
 you are not like the others . 
 you have a greater destiny . 
 greater , perhaps , even than mine . 
 but it remains unfulfilled . 
 you must not take it for granted . 
 you must work at it . 
 to be a great warrior , you must not only be fearless and skilled . 
 you must also have a warrior 's spirit , and carry that always in your heart and your mind . 
 you must be willing to lay down your life for others . 
 the greatest knight does not quest for riches or honor or fame or glory . 
 the greatest knight takes the hardest quest of all : the quest to make yourself a better person . 
 every day , you must strive to be better . 
 not just better than others - but better than yourself . 
 you must quest to take up the cause of those lesser than yourself . 
 you must defend those who can not defend themselves . 
 it is not a quest for the light-hearted . 
 it is a quest of heroes . '' 
 thor 's mind spun as he took it all in , pondering erec 's words carefully . 
 he was overwhelmed with gratitude for him , and hardly knew how to respond . 
 he sensed that it would take many moons for the full message of these words to sink in . 
 they reached the gate of the first crossing , and as they did , several members of the silver came out to greet erec . 
 they rode up to him , big grins on their faces , and as he dismounted they clapped him hard on the back , as old friends . 
 thor jumped down , took lannin 's reins and led him to the keeper at the gate , to feed and wash him down . 
 thor stood there , as erec turned and looked at him , one last time . 
 in their final goodbye , there was too much thor wanted to say . 
 he wanted to thank him . 
 but he also wanted to tell him everything . 
 of the omen . 
 of his dream . 
 of his fears for the king . 
 he thought maybe erec would understand . 
 but he could not bring himself to . 
 erec was already surrounded by knights , and thor feared that erec - and all of them - would think him crazy . 
 so he stood there , tongue-tied , as erec reached up and clasped his shoulder one last time . 
 `` protect our king , '' erec said firmly . 
 the words sent a chill up thor 's spine , as if erec had read his mind . 
 erec turned , walked through the gate with the other knights , and as they passed through , their backs to him , thor watched as the metal spikes slowly lowered behind him . 
 erec was gone now . 
 thor could hardly believe it , felt a pit in his stomach . 
 it could be an entire year until he saw him again . 
 thor mounted his horse , tightened its reins , and kicked hard . 
 the sun was nearly falling , and he had a good half day 's ride to make it back for the feast . 
 he felt erec 's final words reverberating in his head , like a mantra . 
 protect our king . 
 protect our king . 
 thor rode hard in the darkness , racing through the final gate of king 's court , barely slowing his horse as he jumped off it , breathing hard , and handed the reins to an attendant . 
 he had been riding all day , the sun had fallen hours before , and he could see immediately from all the torchlight inside , hear from all the reverie behind the gates , that the king 's feast was in full swing . 
 he kicked himself for being away for as long as he did , and only prayed that he was not too late . 
 he ran to the nearest attendant . 
 `` is all in order inside ? '' 
 he asked in a rush . 
 he had to know that the king was okay - though of course he could n't directly ask if he had been poisoned . 
 the attendant looked at him , baffled . 
 `` and why should n't it be ? 
 all is in order , except that you are late . 
 members of the king 's legion should always be on time . 
 and your clothes are filthy . 
 you reflect poorly on your peers . 
 wash your hands , and hurry inside . '' 
 thor rushed through the gate , sweating , put his hands in a small stone lavender of water , splashed it on his face , and ran it through his longish hair . 
 he had been in constant motion since early in the morning , he was covered in dust from the road , and it felt as if it had been ten days in one . 
 he took a deep breath , tried to calm himself and seem orderly , and strode quickly down corridor after corridor , towards the vast doors of the feasting hall . 
 as he stepped inside , through the huge arched doors , it was just like his dream : before him were the two feasting tables , at least a hundred feet long , at the far end of which sat the king , at the head of his own table , surrounded by men . 
 the noise struck thor like a living thing , the hall absolutely packed with people . 
 there were not only the king 's men , members of the silver and of the legion seated at the feasting tables , but also hundreds of others , bands of traveling musicians , groups of dancers , of clowns , dozens of women from the brothels ... there were also all manners of servants , of guards , dogs running about . 
 it was a madhouse . 
 men drank from huge casks of wine and beer , and many of them stood , singing drinking songs , arms about each other , clinking casks . 
 there were heaps of food laid out on the tables , and boar and deer and all sorts of animals roasting on spits before the fireplace . 
 half the room gorged themselves , while the other half mingled about the room . 
 looking at the chaos in the room , seeing how drunk the men were , thor realized that if he 'd arrived earlier , when it began , it would have been more orderly . 
 now , at this late hour , it seemed to have evolved into more of a drunken bash . 
 thor 's first reaction , aside from being overwhelmed , was deep relief to see that the king was alive . 
 he breathed a sigh of relief . 
 he was okay . 
 he wondered again if that omen meant nothing , if his dream meant nothing , if he was just overreacting to fancies , making something bigger in his head than it should be . 
 but still , he just could not shake the feeling . 
 he still felt a pressing urgency to reach the king , to warn him . 
 protect our king . 
 thor pushed his way into the thick crowd , trying to make it the long way towards the king . 
 it was slow going . 
 the men were drunk and rowdy , packed shoulder to shoulder , and macgil sat hundreds of feet away . 
 thor managed to get about halfway through the crowd when he stopped , suddenly spotted gwendolyn . 
 she sat at one of the small tables , off to the side of the hall , surrounded by her handmaids . 
 she looked glum , and it seemed unlike her . 
 her food and drink were untouched , and she sat off to the side , separated from the others . 
 thor wondered what could be wrong . 
 thor broke from the crowd and hurried over to her . 
 she looked up and saw him coming , but instead of smiling , as she always did , her face darkened . 
 for the first time , thor saw anger in her eyes . 
 gwen slid her chair , got up , turned her back , and began to march away . 
 thor felt as if a knife had been plunged into his heart . 
 he could not understand her reaction . 
 had he done something wrong ? 
 he raced around the table , hurrying over to her , and grabbed her wrist gently . 
 she surprised him by throwing it off roughly , turning and scowling at him . 
 `` do n't you touch me ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 thor took a step back , shocked at her reaction . 
 was this the same gwendolyn he knew ? 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i meant you no harm . 
 and no disrespect . 
 i just wanted to talk to you . '' 
 `` i have no words left for you , '' she seethed , her eyes aglow with fury . 
 thor could hardly breathe ; he had no idea what he had done wrong . 
 `` my lady , please tell me , what have i done to offend you ? 
 whatever it is , i apologize . '' 
 `` what you have done is beyond remedy . 
 no apology will suffice . 
 it is who you are . '' 
 she started to walk away again , and a part of thor thought he should let her be ; but another part of him could n't stand to just walk away , not after what they 'd had . 
 he had to know ; he had to know the reason why she hated him so much . 
 thor ran in front of her , blocking her way . 
 he could not let her go . 
 not like this . 
 `` gwendolyn , please . 
 just please give me one chance to at least know what it is that i have done . 
 please , just give me this . '' 
 she stared back , seething , hands on her hips . 
 `` i think you know . 
 i think you know very well . '' 
 `` i do not , '' thor stated earnestly . 
 she stared , as if summing him up , and finally , seemed to believe him . 
 `` the night before you saw me , i am told that you visited the brothels . 
 that you had your way with many women . 
 and you delighted in them all night long . 
 then , as the sun broke , you came to me . 
 does that remind you ? 
 i 'm disgusted by your behavior . 
 disgusted that i ever met you , that you ever touched me . 
 i hope i shall never see your face again . 
 you 've made a fool of me - and no one makes a fool of me ! '' 
 `` my lady ! '' 
 thor yelled out , trying to stop her , wanting to explain . 
 `` it is n't true ! '' 
 but a band of musicians got between them , and she darted off , slipping through the crowd so fast that he could not find her . 
 within moments , he completely lost trace of her . 
 thor was burning inside . 
 he could not believe that someone had gotten to her , had told her these lies about him , had turned her against him . 
 he wondered who was behind it . 
 it hardly mattered : his chances with her were now ruined . 
 he felt that he was dying inside . 
 thor turned and began to stagger through the room , remembering the king , feeling hollowed out , as if he had nothing left to live for . 
 before he 'd gone a few feet , alton suddenly appeared , blocked his way , and sneered down with a satisfied smile . 
 he wore silk leggings , a velvet blazer , and a feathered hat . 
 he looked down at thor , with his long nose and chin , and with the utmost arrogance and self-pride . 
 `` well well , '' he said . 
 `` if it 's not the commoner . 
 have you found your bride-to-be here yet ? 
 of course you have not . 
 i think rumors have spread already far and wide of your exploits in the brothel . '' 
 he smiled and leaned in close , revealing small , yellow teeth . 
 `` in fact , i 'm sure they have . '' 
 `` you know what they say : if there 's a glimmer of truth , it helps spark a rumor . 
 i found that glimmer . 
 and now your reputation is ruined , boy . '' 
 thor , seeing with rage , could take it no longer . 
 he charged and punched alton in the gut , making him keel over . 
 moments later , bodies were on him , fellow legion members , soldiers , getting in their way , pulling them apart . 
 `` you have overstepped your bounds , boy ! '' 
 alton yelled out , pointing at him over the bodies . 
 `` no one touches a royal ! 
 you will hang in the stocks for the rest of your life ! 
 i will have you arrested ! 
 be sure of it ! 
 at first light i will have them come from you ! '' 
 alton yelled , and turned and stormed away . 
 thor could care less about alton , or his guards . 
 he thought only of the king . 
 he brushed the legion members off , and turned back for macgil . 
 he shoved people out of the way as he hurried for the king 's table . 
 his mind was swimming with emotions , and he could hardly believe this turn of events . 
 here he was , just as his reputation was rising , only to have it ruined by some malignant snake , to have his love cheated away from him . 
 and now , tomorrow , the threat of his being imprisoned . 
 and with the queen aligned against him , he feared that just maybe he would be . 
 but thor did n't care about any of that now . 
 all he cared about was protecting the king . 
 he pushed harder as he weaved his way through the crowd , bumping into a jester , walking right through his act , and finally , after pushing through three more attendants , making it to the king 's table . 
 macgil sat there , in the center of the table , a huge sack of wine in one hand , his cheeks red , laughing at the entertainment . 
 he was surrendered by all of his top generals , and thor stood before them , pushing his way right up to the bench , until finally , the king noticed him . 
 `` my liege , '' thor yelled out , hearing the desperation in his own voice . 
 `` i must speak with you ! 
 please ! '' 
 a guard came to pull thor away , but the king raised a palm . 
 `` thorgrin ! '' 
 macgil bellowed in his deep , kingly voice , drunk with wine . 
 `` my boy . 
 why have you approached our table ? 
 the legion 's table is there . '' 
 thor bowed low . 
 `` my king , i am sorry . 
 but i must speak with you . '' 
 a musician clanged a cymbal in thor 's ear , and finally , macgil gestured for him to stop . 
 the music quieted , and all the generals turned and looked at thor . 
 thor could feel all the attention on him . 
 `` well , young thorgrin , now you have the floor . 
 speak . 
 what is it that can not wait till tomorrow ? '' 
 macgil said . 
 `` my liege , '' thor began , but then stopped . 
 what could he say exactly ? 
 that he had a dream ? 
 that he saw an omen ? 
 that he felt the king would be poisoned ? 
 would it sound absurd ? 
 but he had no choice . 
 he had to press on . 
 `` my liege , i had a dream , '' he began . 
 `` it was about you . 
 in this feasting hall , in this place . 
 the dream was ... that you should not drink . '' 
 the king leaned forward , eyes opened wide . 
 `` that i should not drink ? '' 
 he repeated , slowly and loudly . 
 then , after a moment of stunned silence , macgil leaned back and roared with laughter , bellowing , shaking the whole table . 
 `` that i should not drink ! '' 
 macgil repeated . 
 `` what a dream is this ! 
 i should call it a nightmare ! '' 
 the king leaned back and bellowed with laughter , and all of his men joined in . 
 thor reddened , but he could not back down . 
 macgil gestured , and a guard stepped forward and grabbed thor and began to take him away - but thor roughly yanked the guard off of him . 
 he was determined . 
 he had to give the king this message . 
 protect our king . 
 `` my king , i demand that you listen ! '' 
 thor screamed , red-faced , pressing forward and banging the table with his fist . 
 it shook the table , and all the men 's turned and stared at thor . 
 there was a stunned silence , as the king 's face dropped into a scowl . 
 `` you demand ? '' 
 macgil yelled . 
 `` you demand nothing of me boy ! '' 
 he screamed , his anger rising . 
 the table quieted even more , and thor felt his cheeks redden in humiliation . 
 `` my king , forgive me . 
 i mean no disrespect . 
 but i am concerned for your safety . 
 please . 
 do not drink . 
 i dreamt you were poisoned ! 
 please . 
 i care very much about you . 
 that is the only reason for my saying so . '' 
 slowly , macgil 's scowl lifted . 
 he stared deeply into thor 's eyes and took a deep breath . 
 `` yes , i can see that you do care . 
 even if you are foolish boy . 
 i forgive you your disrespect . 
 go on now . 
 and do n't let me see your face again until the morning . '' 
 he gestured to his guards , and they yanked thor away , strongly this time . 
 the table slowly resumed its merriment , as they all went back to drinking . 
 thor , dragged several feet away , burned with indignation . 
 he feared for what he had done here tonight , and had a sinking feeling that tomorrow he would pay the price . 
 maybe even be asked to leave this place . 
 forever . 
 as the guards gave him one last shove , thor found himself at the legion 's table , maybe twenty feet away from the king . 
 he felt a hand on his shoulder and spun to see reece standing there . 
 `` i 've been searching for you all day . 
 what happened to you ? '' 
 reece asked . 
 `` you look as if you have seen a ghost ! '' 
 thor was too overwhelmed to respond . 
 he hardly knew what to do now . 
 `` come sit with me - i saved you a seat , '' reece said . 
 reece pulled thor down beside him , at a table set aside for the king 's family . 
 he saw reece 's brother , godfrey , drinking with both hands , and beside him sat gareth , watching with shifting eyes . 
 thor hoped beyond hope that gwendolyn might be there , too , but she was not . 
 `` what is it , thor ? '' 
 reece prodded , as he sat down beside him . 
 `` you stare at this table as if it will bite you . '' 
 thor shook his head . 
 `` if i told you , you would not believe me . 
 so best i just keep my mouth shut . '' 
 `` tell me . 
 you can tell me anything , '' reece urged with intensity . 
 thor saw the look in his eyes , and realized , that finally , someone was taking him seriously . 
 he took a deep breath , and began . 
 he had nothing to lose . 
 `` the other day , in the forest , with your sister , we saw a whiteback . 
 she said it was an omen of death , and i believe it is . 
 i saw argon , and he confirmed that a death is coming . 
 shortly after , i had a dream that your father would be poisoned . 
 here . 
 tonight . 
 in this hall . 
 i know it in my bones . 
 he will be . 
 someone is trying to assassinate him , '' thor said . 
 he said it all in a rush , and it felt good to get it off his chest . 
 it felt good to have someone actually listen . 
 reece was quiet as he stared back into his eyes for a long time . 
 finally , he spoke . 
 `` you seem genuine . 
 i have no doubt . 
 and i appreciate your caring for my father . 
 i believe you . 
 i do . 
 but dreams are tricky things . 
 not always what we think . '' 
 `` i told the king , '' thor said . 
 `` and they laughed at me . 
 of course , he will drink tonight . '' 
 `` thor , i believe you dreamt this . 
 and i believe you feel this . 
 but i 've had terrible dreams , too , my entire life . 
 the other night , i dreamt i was pushed out the castle , and i woke feeling that i was . 
 but i was not . 
 do you understand ? 
 dreams are strange things . 
 and argon speaks in riddles . 
 you must not take it all so seriously . 
 my father is fine . 
 i am fine . 
 we 're all fine . 
 try to just sit back and drink and relax . 
 and enjoy . '' 
 with that , reece leaned back in his chair , covered in furs , and drank . 
 he flagged a waiter , who put a huge portion of venison before thor , along with a drinking goblet . 
 but thor just sat there , staring at his food he felt his whole life dissolving around him . 
 he did n't know what to do . 
 he could still think of nothing but his dream . 
 it was like being in a waking nightmare , sitting there , watching everyone drink and feast around him . 
 all he could do was watch the servers , all the drinks , all the goblets , heading for the king . 
 he watched closely every server , every goblet of wine . 
 every time the king drank , thor flinched . 
 but thor was obsessed . 
 he could not look away . 
 he watched and watched , for what felt like hours . 
 finally , thor spotted one particular server . 
 he approached the king with a goblet unlike the others . 
 it was large , made of a very distinct gold , covered in rows of rubies and sapphires . 
 it was the exact goblet of thor 's dream . 
 thor , his heart pounding in his chest , watched as if in slow motion as the servant came closer to the king . 
 when he was just feet away , thor could stand it no longer . 
 every ounce of his body screamed that this was the poisoned chalice . 
 thor leapt from his table , shoved his way through the thick crowd , elbowed everyone roughly who was in his way . 
 just as the king took the chalice into his hands , thor leapt up onto his table , reached out , and swiped the goblet from the king 's hands . 
 a horrified gasp filled the entire hall as the goblet flew from the king 's hands , landed on the stone with a hard clink . 
 the entire hall went dead silent . 
 every musician , every juggler , stopped . 
 hundreds of men and women all turned and stared . 
 the king slowly stood , and glowered down at thor . 
 `` how dare you ! '' 
 shrieked the king . 
 `` you insolent little boy ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 `` i will put you in the stocks for this ! '' 
 thor stood there , horrified , hardly believing what he had just done . 
 he felt the entire world crashing down on him . 
 he just wanted to disappear . 
 suddenly , a hound walked over to the puddle of wine now forming on the floor , and lapped it up . 
 before thor could respond , before the room could move again , all eyes went to the hound , who started making awful , horrible noises . 
 a moment later , the hound froze up , and fell on its side , dead . 
 the entire room looked at the dog with a horrified gasp . 
 `` you knew the drink was poison ! '' 
 yelled a voice . 
 thor turned and saw the prince gareth , standing there , coming up beside the king , pointing accusingly at thor . 
 `` how could you have possibly have known it was poisoned ? 
 unless you are the one who did it ! 
 thor tried to poison the king ! '' 
 gareth yelled out . 
 the entire crowd cheered in outrage . 
 `` take him to the dungeon , '' the king commanded . 
 a moment later , thor felt guards grabbing him hard from behind , dragging him through the hall . 
 he squirmed , and tried to protest . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he screamed out . 
 `` you do n't understand ! '' 
 but no one listened . 
 he was dragged through the crowd , fast and quick , and as he went , he watched them all disappear from him , his whole life disappear from him . 
 they crossed the hall and out a side door , a door slamming shut behind them . 
 it was quiet here . 
 a moment later , thor felt himself descending . 
 he was being pulled by several hands down a winding stone staircase . 
 it grew darker and darker , and soon he could hear the cries of prisoners . 
 an iron cell door opened , and he realized where he was being taken . 
 the dungeon . 
 he squirmed , trying to protest , to break free . 
 `` you do n't understand ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 thor looked up and saw a guard step forward , a large , crude man with an unshaven face , and yellow teeth . 
 he scowled down at thor . 
 `` oh i understand very well , '' came his raspy voice . 
 he reached back his fist , and the last thing thor saw was his fist , coming down right for his face . 
 then his world was blackness . 
