 chapter one i have three simple wishes . 
 they 're really not too much to ask . 
 the first is to attend the winter formal dressed like marie antoinette . 
 i want a wig so elaborate it could cage a bird and a dress so wide i 'll only be able to enter the dance through a set of double doors . 
 but i 'll hold my skirts high as i arrive to reveal a pair of platform combat boots , so everyone can see that , underneath the frills , i 'm punk-rock tough . 
 the second is for my parents to approve of my boyfriend . 
 they hate him . 
 they hate his bleached hair with its constant dark roots , and they hate his arms , which are tattooed with sleeves of spiderwebs and stars . 
 they say his eyebrows condescend , that his smile is more of a smirk . 
 and they 're sick of hearing his music blasting from my bedroom , and they 're tired of fighting about my curfew whenever i watch his band play in clubs . 
 and my third wish ? 
 to never ever ever see the bell twins ever again . 
 ever . 
 but i 'd much rather discuss my boyfriend . 
 i realize it 's not cool to desire parental approval , but honestly , my life would be so much easier if they accepted that max is the one . 
 it 'd mean the end of embarrassing restrictions , the end of every-hour-on-thehour phone-call check-ins on dates , and - best of all-the end of sunday brunch . 
 the end of mornings like this . 
 `` another waffle , max ? '' 
 my father , nathan , pushes the golden stack across our antique farmhouse table and toward my boyfriend . 
 this is not a real question . 
 it 's a command , so that my parents can continue their interrogation before we leave . 
 our reward for dealing with brunch ? 
 a more relaxed sunday - afternoon date with fewer check-ins . 
 max takes two and helps himself to the homemade raspberry-peach syrup . 
 `` thanks , sir . 
 incredible , as always . '' 
 he pours the syrup carefully , a drop in each square . 
 despite appearances , max is careful by nature . 
 this is why he never drinks or smokes pot on saturday nights . 
 he does n't want to come to brunch looking hungover , which is , of course , what my parents are watching for . 
 evidence of debauchery . 
 `` thank andy . '' 
 nathan jerks his head toward my other dad , who runs a pie bakery out of our home . 
 `` he made them . '' 
 `` delicious . 
 thank you , sir . '' 
 max never misses a beat . 
 `` lola , did you get enough ? '' 
 i stretch , and the seven inches of bakelite bracelets on my right arm knock against each other . 
 `` yeah , like , twenty minutes ago . 
 come on , '' i turn and plead to andy , the candidate most likely to let us leave early . 
 `` ca n't we go now ? '' 
 he bats his eyes innocently . 
 `` more orange juice ? 
 frittata ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i fight to keep from slumping . 
 slumping is unattractive . 
 nathan stabs another waffle . 
 `` so . 
 max . 
 how goes the world of meter reading ? '' 
 when max is n't being an indie punk garage-rock god , he works for the city of san francisco . 
 it irks nathan that max has no interest in college . 
 but what my dad does n't grasp is that max is actually brilliant . 
 he reads complicated philosophy books written by people with names i ca n't pronounce and watches tons of angry political documentaries . 
 i certainly would n't debate him . 
 max smiles politely , and his dark eyebrows raise a titch . 
 `` the same as last week . '' 
 `` and the band ? '' 
 andy asks . 
 `` was n't some record executive supposed to come on friday ? '' 
 my boyfriend frowns . 
 the guy from the label never showed . 
 max updates andy about amphetamine 's forthcoming album instead , while nathan and i exchange scowls . 
 no doubt my father is disappointed that , once again , he has n't found anything to incriminate max . 
 apart from the age thing , of course . 
 which is the real reason my parents hate my boyfriend . 
 they hate that i 'm seventeen , and max is twenty-two . 
 but i 'm a firm believer in age-doesn ` t-matter . 
 besides , it 's only five years , way less than the difference between my parents . 
 though it 's no use pointing this out , or the fact that my boyfriend is the same age nathan was when my parents started dating . 
 this only gets them worked up . 
 `` i may have been his age , but andy was thirty , '' nathan always says . 
 `` not a teenager . 
 and we 'd both had several boyfriends before , plenty of life experience . 
 you ca n't jump into these things.you have to be careful . '' 
 but they do n't remember what it 's like to be young and in love . 
 of course i can jump into these things . 
 when it 's someone like max , i 'd be stupid not to . 
 my best friend thinks it 's hilarious that my parents are so strict . 
 after all , should n't a couple of g * y men sympathize with the temptation offered by a sexy , slightly dangerous boyfriend ? 
 this is so far from the truth it 's painful . 
 it does n't matter that i 'm a perfect daughter . 
 i do n't drink or do drugs , and i 've never smoked a cigarette . 
 i have n't crashed their car-i ca n't even drive , so they 're not paying high insurance rates-and i have a decent job . 
 i make good grades . 
 well , apart from biology , but i refused to dissect that fetal pig on principle . 
 and i only have one hole per ear and no ink . 
 yet . 
 i 'm not even embarrassed to hug my parents in public . 
 except when nathan wears a sweatband when he goes running . 
 because really . 
 i clear my dishes from the table , hoping to speed things along . 
 today max is taking me to one of my favorite places , the japanese tea garden , and then he 's driving me to work for my evening shift . 
 and hopefully , in between stops , we 'll spend some quality time together in his '64 chevy impala . 
 i lean against the kitchen countertop , dreaming of max 's car . 
 `` i 'm just shocked she 's not wearing her kimono , '' nathan says . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i hate it when i space out and realize people have been talking about me . 
 `` chinese pajamas to the japanese tea garden , '' he continues , gesturing at my red silk bottoms . 
 `` what will people think ? '' 
 i do n't believe in fashion . 
 i believe in costume . 
 life is too short to be the same person every day . 
 i roll my eyes to show max that i realize my parents are acting lame . 
 `` our little drag queen , '' andy says . 
 `` because that 's a new one . '' 
 i snatch his plate and dump the brunch remains into betsy 's bowl . 
 her eyes bug , and she inhales the waffle scraps in one big doggie bite . 
 betsy 's full name is heavens to betsy , and we rescued her from animal control several years ago . 
 she 's a mutt , built like a golden retriever but black in color . 
 i wanted a black dog , because andy once clipped a magazine article-he 's always clipping articles , usually about teens dying from overdoses or contracting syphilis or getting pregnant and dropping out of school-about how black dogs are always the last to be adopted at shelters and , therefore , more likely to be put down . 
 which is totally dog racism , if you ask me . 
 betsy is all heart . 
 `` lola . '' 
 andy is wearing his serious face . 
 `` i was n't finished . '' 
 `` so get a new plate . '' 
 `` lola , '' nathan says , and i give andy a clean plate . 
 i 'm afraid they 're about to turn this into a thing in front of max , when they notice betsy begging for more waffles . 
 `` no , '' i tell her . 
 `` have you walked her today ? '' 
 nathan asks me . 
 `` no , andy did . '' 
 `` before i started cooking , '' andy says . 
 `` she 's ready for another . '' 
 `` why do n't you take her for a walk while we finish up with max ? '' 
 nathan asks . 
 another command , not a question . 
 i glance at max , and he closes his eyes like he ca n't believe they 're pulling this trick again . 
 `` but , dad - '' `` no buts . 
 you wanted the dog , you walk her . '' 
 this is one of nathan 's most annoying catchphrases . 
 heavens to betsy was supposed to be mine , but she had the nerve to fall in love with nathan instead , which irritates andy and me to no end . 
 we 're the ones who feed and walk her . 
 i reach for the biodegradable baggies and her leash - the one i 've embroidered with hearts and russian nesting dolls-and she 's already going berserk . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 come on . '' 
 i shoot max another apologetic look , and then betsy and i are out the door . 
 there are twenty-one stairs from our porch to the sidewalk . 
 anywhere you go in san francisco , you have to deal with steps and hills . 
 it 's unusually warm outside , so along with my pajama bottoms and bakelite bangles , i 'm wearing a tank top . 
 i 've also got on my giant white jackie o sunglasses , a long brunette wig with emerald tips , and black ballet slippers . 
 real ballet slippers , not the flats that only look like ballet slippers . 
 my new year 's resolution was to never again wear the same outfit twice . 
 the sunshine feels good on my shoulders . 
 it does n't matter that it 's august ; because of the bay , the temperature does n't change much throughout the year . 
 it 's always cool . 
 today i 'm grateful for the peculiar weather , because it means i wo n't have to bring a sweater on my date . 
 betsy pees on the teeny rectangle of grass in front of the lavender victorian next door-she always pees here , which i totally approve of-and we move on . 
 despite my annoying parents , i 'm happy . 
 i have a romantic date with my boyfriend , a great schedule with my favorite coworkers , and one more week of summer vacation . 
 we hike up and down the massive hill that separates my street from the park . 
 when we arrive , a korean gentleman in a velveteen tracksuit greets us . 
 he 's doing tai chi between the palm trees . 
 `` hello , dolores ! 
 how was your birthday ? '' 
 mr. lim is the only person apart from my parents -lrb- when they 're mad -rrb- who calls me by my real name . 
 his daughter lindsey is my best friend ; they live a few streets over . 
 `` hi , mr. lim . 
 it was divine ! '' 
 my birthday was last week . 
 mine is the earliest of anyone in my grade , which i love . 
 it gives me an additional air of maturity . 
 `` how 's the restaurant ? '' 
 `` very good , thank you . 
 everyone asking for beef galbi this week . 
 goodbye , dolores ! 
 hello to your parents . '' 
 the old lady name is because i was named after one . 
 my great-grandma dolores deeks died a few years before i was born . 
 she was andy 's grandmother , and she was fabulous . 
 the kind of woman who wore feathered hats and marched in civil rights protests . 
 dolores was the first person andy came out to . 
 he was thirteen . 
 they were really close , and when she died , she left andy her house . 
 that 's where we live , in great-grandma dolores 's mint green victorian in the castro district . 
 which we 'd never be able to afford without her generous bequeathal . 
 my parents make a healthy living , but nothing like the neighbors . 
 the well - kept homes on our street , with their decorative gabled cornices and extravagant wooden ornamentation , all come from old money . 
 including the lavender house next door . 
 my name is also shared with this park , mission dolores . 
 it 's not a coincidence . 
 great-grandma dolores was named after the nearby mission , which was named after a creek called arroyo de nuestra senora de los dolores . 
 this translates to `` our lady of sorrows creek . '' 
 because who would n't want to be named after a depressing body of water ? 
 there 's also a major street around here called dolores . 
 it 's kind of weird . 
 i 'd rather be a lola . 
 heavens to betsy finishes , and we head home . 
 i hope my parents have n't been torturing max . 
 for someone so brash onstage , he 's actually an introvert , and these weekly meetings are n't easy on him . 
 `` i thought dealing with one protective father was bad enough , '' he once said . 
 `` but two?your dads are gon na be the death of me , lo . '' 
 a moving truck rattles by , and it 's odd , because suddenly-just that quickly-my good mood is replaced by unease . 
 we pick up speed . 
 max must be beyond uncomfortable right now . 
 i ca n't explain it , but the closer i get to home , the worse i feel . 
 a terrible scenario loops through my mind : my parents , so relentless with inquiries that max decide i 'm not worth it anymore . 
 my hope is that someday , when we 've been together longer than one summer , my parents will realize he 's the one , and age wo n't be an issue anymore . 
 but despite their inability to see this truth now , they are n't dumb . 
 they deal with max because they think if they forbade me from seeing him , we 'd just run off together . 
 i 'd move into his apartment and get a job dancing nak * d or dealing acid . 
 which is beyond misguided . 
 but i 'm jogging now , hauling betsy down the hill . 
 something 's not right . 
 and i 'm positive it 's happened-that max has left or my parents have cornered him into a heated argument about the lack of direction in his life-when i reach my street and everything clicks into place . 
 the moving truck . 
 not the brunch . 
 the moving truck . 
 but i 'm sure the truck belongs to another renter . 
 it has to , it always does . 
 the last family , this couple that smelled like baby swiss and collected medical oddities like shriveled livers in formaldehyde and oversize models of vag ** as , vacated a week ago . 
 in the last two years , there 's been a string of renters , and every time someone moves out , i ca n't help but feel ill until the new ones arrive . 
 because what if now is the time they move back in ? 
 i slow down to get a better look at the truck . 
 is anyone outside ? 
 i did n't notice a car in the garage when we passed earlier , but i 've made a habit out of not staring at the house next door . 
 sure enough , there are two people ahead on the sidewalk . 
 i strain my eyes and find , with a mixture of agitation and relief , that it 's just the movers . 
 betsy tugs on her leash , and i pick up the pace again . 
 i 'm sure there 's nothing to worry about . 
 what are the chances ? 
 except ... there 's always a chance . 
 the movers lift a white sofa from the back of the truck , and my heart thumps harder . 
 do i recognize it ? 
 have i sat on that love seat before ? 
 but no . 
 i do n't know it . 
 i peer inside the crammed truck , searching for anything familiar , and i 'm met with stacks of severe modern furniture that i 've never seen before . 
 it 's not them . 
 it ca n't be them . 
 it 's not them ! 
 i grin from ear to ear-a silly smile that makes me look like a child , which i do n't normally allow myself to do-and wave to the movers . 
 they grunt and nod back . 
 the lavender garage door is open , and now i 'm positive that it was n't earlier . 
 i inspect the car , and my relief deepens . 
 it 's something compact and silver , and i do n't recognize it . 
 saved . 
 again . 
 it is a happy day . 
 betsy and i bound inside . 
 `` brunch is over ! 
 let 's go , max . '' 
 everyone is staring out the front window in our living room . 
 `` looks like we have neighbors again , '' i say . 
 andy looks surprised by the cheer in my voice . 
 we 've never talked about it , but he knows something happened there two years ago . 
 he knows that i worry about their return , that i fret each moving day . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i grin again , but then stop myself , conscious of max . 
 i tone it down . 
 `` uh , lo ? 
 you did n't see them , by any chance , did you ? '' 
 andy 's concern is touching . 
 i release betsy from her leash and whisk into the kitchen . 
 determined to hurry the morning and get to my date , i swipe the remaining dishes from the table and head toward the sink . 
 `` nope . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` what ? 
 do they have another plastic vag ** a ? 
 a stuffed giraffe ? 
 a medieval suit of armor-what ? '' 
 all three of them are staring at me . 
 my throat tightens . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 max examines me with an unusual curiosity . 
 `` your parents say you know the family . '' 
 no . 
 no . 
 someone says something else , but the words do n't register . 
 my feet are carrying me toward the window while my brain is screaming for me to turn back . 
 it ca n't be them . 
 it was n't their furniture ! 
 it was n't their car ! 
 but people buy new things . 
 my eyes are riveted next door as a figure emerges onto the porch . 
 the dishes in my hands-why am i still carrying the brunch plates ? 
 - shatter against the floor . 
 because there she is . 
 calliope bell . 
 chapter two she 's just as beautiful as she is on television . '' 
 i poke at the complimentary bowl of cookies and rice crackers . 
 `` just as beautiful as she always was . '' 
 max shrugs . 
 `` she 's all right . 
 nothing to get worked up over . '' 
 as comforted as i am by his state of unimpress , it 's not enough to distract me . 
 i sag against the railing of the rustic teahouse , and a breeze floats across the reflecting pool beside us . 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 she 's calliope bell . '' 
 `` you 're right , i do n't . '' 
 his eyes frown behind his thick buddy holly frames . 
 this is something we have in common-terrible vision . 
 i love it when he wears his glasses . 
 badass rocker meets sexy nerd . 
 he only wears them offstage , unless he 's playing an acoustic number . 
 then they add the necessary touch of sensitivity . 
 max is always conscious of his appearance , which some people might find vain , but i understand completely . 
 you only have one chance to make a first impression . 
 `` let me get this straight , '' he continues . 
 `` when you guys were freshmen - '' `` when i was a freshman . 
 she 's a year older . '' 
 `` okay , when you were a freshman ... what ? 
 she was mean to you ? 
 and you 're still upset about it ? '' 
 his brows furrow like he 's missing half of the equation . 
 which he is . 
 and i 'm not going to fill him in . 
 `` yep . '' 
 he snorts . 
 `` that must have been some pretty bitchy shit for you to break those plates over . '' 
 it took fifteen minutes to clean up my mess . 
 shards of china and eggy frittata bits , trapped between the cracks of the hardwood floor , and sticky raspberry-peach syrup , splattered like blood across the baseboards . 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 i leave it at this . 
 max pours himself another cup of jasmine tea . 
 `` so why did you idolize her ? '' 
 `` i did n't idolize her then . 
 only when we were younger . 
 she was this ... gorgeous , talented girl who also happened to be my neighbor . 
 i mean , we hung out when we were little , played barbies and make-believe . 
 it just hurt when she turned on me , that 's all . 
 i ca n't believe you have n't heard of her , '' i add . 
 `` sorry . 
 i do n't watch a lot of figure skating . '' 
 `` she 's been to the world championships twice . 
 silver medals ? 
 she 's the big olympic hopeful this year . '' 
 `` sorry , '' he says again . 
 `` she was on a wheaties box . '' 
 `` no doubt selling for an entire buck ninety-nine on ebay . '' 
 he nudges my knees with his underneath the table . 
 `` who the hell cares ? '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` i loved her costumes . 
 the chiffon ruffles , the beading and swarovski crystals , the little skirts - '' `` little skirts ? '' 
 max swigs the rest of his tea . 
 `` and she had that grace and poise and confidence . '' 
 i push my shoulders back . 
 `` and that perfect shiny hair . 
 that perfect skin . '' 
 `` perfect is overrated . 
 perfect is boring . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` you do n't think i 'm perfect ? '' 
 `` no.you 're delightfully screwy , and i would n't have you any other way . 
 drink your tea . '' 
 when i finish , we take another stroll . 
 the japanese tea garden is n't big , but it makes up for its size with beauty . 
 perfumed flowers in jewel-toned colors are balanced by intricately cut plants in tranquil blues and greens . 
 pathways meander around buddhist statuary , koi ponds , a red pagoda , and a wooden bridge shaped like the moon . 
 the only sounds are birdsong and the soft click of cameras . 
 it 's peaceful . 
 magical . 
 but the best part ? 
 hidden nooks , perfect for kissing . 
 we find just the right bench , private and tucked away , and max places his hands behind my head and pulls my lips to his . 
 this is what i 've been waiting for . 
 his kisses are gentle and rough , spearmint and cigarettes . 
 we 've dated all summer , but i 'm still not used to him . 
 max . 
 my boyfriend , max.the night we met was the first time my parents had let me go to a club . 
 lindsey lim was in the bathroom , so i was temporarily alone , perched nervously against verge 's rough concrete wall . 
 he walked straight up to me like he 'd done it a hundred times before . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said . 
 `` you must have noticed me staring at you during the set . '' 
 this was true . 
 his stare had thrilled me , though i did n't trust it . 
 the small club was crowded , and he could 've been watching any of the hungry girls dancing beside me . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` lola nolan . '' 
 i adjusted my tiara and shifted in my creepers . 
 `` lo-lo-lo-lo lo-la . '' 
 max sang it like the kinks ' song . 
 his deep voice was hoarse from the show . 
 he wore a plain black t-shirt , which i would soon discover to be his uniform . 
 underneath it , his shoulders were broad , his arms were toned , and right away i spotted the tattoo that would become my favorite , hidden in the crook of his left elbow . 
 his namesake from where the wild things are . 
 the little boy in the white wolf suit . 
 he was the most attractive man who 'd ever spoken to me . 
 semicoherent sentences tumbled around in my head , but i could n't keep up with any of them long enough to spit one out . 
 `` what 'd you think of the show ? '' 
 he had to raise his voice above the ramones , who 'd started blasting from the speakers . 
 `` you were great , '' i shouted . 
 `` i 've never seen your band before . '' 
 i tried to yell this second part casually , like i had just never seen his band before . 
 he did n't have to know it was my first show ever . 
 `` i know . 
 i would have noticed you . 
 do you have a boyfriend , lola ? '' 
 joey ramone echoed it behind him . 
 hey , little girl . 
 i wan na be your boyfriend . 
 the guys at school were never this direct . 
 not that i had much experience , just the odd monthlong boyfriend here and there . 
 most guys are either intimidated by me or think i 'm strange . 
 `` what 's it to you ? '' 
 i jutted out my chin , confidence skyrocketing . 
 sweet little girl . 
 i wan na be your boyfriend . 
 max looked me up and down , and the side of his lips curled into a smile . 
 `` i see you already need to go . '' 
 he jerked his head , and i turned to find lindsey lim , jaw agape . 
 only a teenager could look that awkward and surprised . 
 did max realize we were still in high school ? 
 `` so why do n't you give me your number ? '' 
 he continued . 
 `` i 'd like to see you sometime . '' 
 he must have heard my heart pounding as i sifted through the contents of my purse : watermelon bubble gum , movieticket stubs , veggie burrito receipts , and a rainbow of nail-polish bottles . 
 i withdrew a sharpie , realizing too late that only kids and groupies carry sharpies . 
 luckily , he did n't seem to mind . 
 max held out a wrist . 
 `` here . '' 
 his breath was warm on my neck as i pressed the marker to his skin . 
 my hand trembled , but somehow i managed to write it in clear , bold strokes below his tattoos . 
 then he smiled-that signature smile , using only one corner of his mouth-and ambled away , through the sweaty bodies and toward the dimly lit bar . 
 i allowed myself a moment to stare at his backside . 
 despite my number , i was sure i 'd never see it again . 
 but he did call . 
 obviously , he called . 
 it happened two days later , on a bus ride to work . 
 max wanted to meet in the haight for lunch , and i nearly died turning him down . 
 he asked about the next day . 
 i was working then , too . 
 and then he asked about the next , and i could n't believe my luck that he was still trying . 
 yes , i told him . 
 yes . 
 i wore a pink soda-fountain-style waitress dress , and my natural hair-i 'm a brunette , average in color-was in two buns like mickey mouse ears . 
 we ate falafel and discovered we were both vegetarians . 
 he told me he did n't have a mother , and i told him i did n't really either . 
 and then , as i wiped the last crumbs from my mouth , he said this : `` there 's no polite way to ask , so i 'm just gon na go for it . 
 how old are you ? '' 
 my expression must have been terrible , because max looked stricken as i struggled to come up with a suitable answer . 
 `` shit . 
 that bad , huh ? '' 
 i decided delay was my best tactic . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 `` no way.you first . '' 
 delay again . 
 `` how old do you think i am ? '' 
 `` i think you have a cute face that looks deceptively young . 
 and i do n't want to insult you either way . 
 so you 'll have to tell me . '' 
 it 's true . 
 my face is round , and my cheeks are pinchable , and my ears stick out farther than i 'd like . 
 i fight it with makeup and wardrobe . 
 my curvy body helps , too . 
 but i was going to tell the truth , i really was , when he started guessing . 
 `` nineteen ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` older or younger ? '' 
 i shrugged , but he knew where this was headed . 
 `` eighteen ? 
 please tell me you 're eighteen . '' 
 `` of course i 'm eighteen . '' 
 i shoved the empty plastic food basket away from me . 
 outside , i was an ice queen , but inside i was freaking out . 
 `` would i be here if i was n't ? '' 
 his amber eyes narrowed in disbelief , and the panic rose inside of me . 
 `` so how old are you ? '' 
 i asked again . 
 `` older than you . 
 are you in college ? '' 
 `` i will be . '' 
 someday . 
 `` so you 're still living at home ? '' 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 i asked a third time . 
 he grimaced . 
 `` i 'm twenty-two , lola . 
 and we probably should n't be having this conversation . 
 i 'm sorry , if i had known - '' `` i 'm legall . '' 
 and then i immediately felt stupid . 
 there was a long pause . 
 `` no , '' max said . 
 `` you 're dangerous . '' 
 but he was smiling . 
 it took another week of casual dating before i convinced him to kiss me . 
 he was definitely interested , but i could tell i made him nervous . 
 for some reason , this only made me bolder . 
 i liked max in a way i had n't liked anyone in years . 
 two years , to be exact . 
 it was in the main public library , and we met there because max had deemed it safe . 
 but when he saw me-short dress , tall boots - his eyes widened into an expression that i already recognized as an uncustomary display of emotion . 
 `` you could get a decent man in trouble , '' he said . 
 i reached for his book , but i brushed the boy in the wolf suit instead . 
 his grip went loose . 
 `` lola , '' he warned . 
 i looked at him innocently . 
 and that was when he took my hand and led me away from the public tables and into the empty stacks . 
 he backed me against the biographies . 
 `` are you sure you want this ? '' 
 a tease in his voice , but his stare was serious . 
 my palms sweated . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` i 'm not a nice guy . '' 
 he stepped closer . 
 `` maybe i 'm not a nice girl . '' 
 `` no . 
 you 're a very nice girl . 
 that 's what i like about you . '' 
 and with a single finger , he tilted my face up to his . 
 our relationship progressed quickly . 
 i was the one who slowed things back down . 
 my parents were asking questions . 
 they no longer believed i was spending that much time with lindsey . 
 and i knew it was wrong to keep lying to max before things went further , so i came clean to him about my real age . 
 max was furious . 
 he disappeared for a week , and i 'd already given up hope when he called . 
 he said he was in love . 
 i told him that he 'd have to meet nathan and andy . 
 parents make him edgy-his father is an alcoholic , his mother left when he was five-but he agreed . 
 and then the restrictions were placed upon us . 
 and then last week , on my seventeenth birthday , i lost my virginity in his apartment . 
 my parents think we went to the zoo . 
 since then , we 've slept together once more . 
 and i 'm not an idiot about these things ; i do n't have romantic delusions . 
 i 've read enough to know it takes a while for it to get good for girls . 
 but i hope it gets better soon . 
 the kissing is fantastic , so i 'm sure it 'll happen . 
 except today i ca n't concentrate on his lips . 
 i 've waited for them all afternoon , but now that they 're here , i 'm distracted . 
 bells ring in the distance - from the pagoda ? 
 from outside the gardens ? 
 - and all i can think is bell . 
 bell . 
 bell . 
 they 're back . 
 there were three of them this morning , calliope and her parents . 
 no sign of calliope 's siblings . 
 not that i 'd mind seeing aleck . 
 but the other one ... `` what ? '' 
 i 'm startled . 
 max is looking at me . 
 when did we stop kissing ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asks again . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 my eye muscles twitch . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i was thinking about work . '' 
 he does n't believe me . 
 this is the problem of having lied to your boyfriend in the past . 
 he sighs with frustration , stands , and puts one hand inside his pocket . 
 i know he 's fiddling with his lighter . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say again . 
 `` forget it . '' 
 he glances at the clock on his phone . 
 `` it 's time to go , anyway . '' 
 the drive to the royal civic center 16 is quiet , apart from the clash blasting through his stereo . 
 max is ticked , and i feel guilty . 
 `` call me later ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he nods as he pulls away , but i know i 'm still in trouble . 
 as if i needed another reason to hate the bells . 
 chapter three my supervisor is rearranging the saltshakers . 
 she does this with an alarming frequency . 
 the theater is in a betweenfilms nighttime lull , and i 'm using the opportunity to scrub the buttery popcorn feeling from my arm hair . 
 `` try this . '' 
 she hands me a baby wipe . 
 `` it works better than a napkin . '' 
 i accept it with genuine thanks . 
 despite her neuroticisms , anna is my favorite coworker . 
 she 's a little older than me , very pretty , and she just started film school . 
 she has a cheerful smile-a slight gap between her front teeth-and a thick , singular stripe of platinum in her dark brown hair . 
 it 's a nice touch . 
 plus , she always wears this necklace with a glass bead shaped like a banana . 
 i admire someone with a signature accessory . 
 `` where in the bloody hell did that come from ? '' 
 asks the only other person behind the counter . 
 or more precisely , on top of the counter , where her ridiculously attractive , english-accented boyfriend is perched . 
 he 's the other thing i like about anna . 
 wherever she goes , he follows . 
 he nods toward the baby wipe . 
 `` what else are you carrying in your pockets ? 
 dust rags ? 
 furniture polish ? '' 
 `` watch it , '' she says . 
 `` or i 'll scrub your arms , etienne . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` as long as you do it in private . '' 
 anna is the only person who calls him by his first name . 
 the rest of us call him by his last , st. clair . 
 i 'm not sure why . 
 it 's just one of those things . 
 they moved here recently , but they met last year in paris , where they went to high school . 
 paris . 
 i 'd kill to go to school in paris , especially if there are guys like etienne st. clair there . 
 not that i 'd cheat on max . 
 i 'm just saying . 
 st. clair has gorgeous brown eyes and mussed artist hair . 
 though he 's on the short side for my taste , several inches shorter than his girlfriend . 
 he attends college at berkeley , but despite his unemployment , he spends as much time here at the theater as he does across the bay . 
 and because he 's beautiful and cocky and confident , everyone loves him . 
 it only took a matter of hours before he 'd weaseled his way into all of the employee areas without a single complaint by management . 
 that kind of charisma is impressive . 
 but it does n't mean i want to hear about their private scrubbings . 
 `` my shift ends in a half hour . 
 please wait until i 've vacated the premises before elaborating upon this conversation . '' 
 anna smiles at st. clair , who is removing the giant ask me about our movie-watchers club ! 
 button from her maroon work vest . 
 `` lola 's just jealous . 
 she 's having max problems again . '' 
 she glances at me , and her smile turns wry . 
 `` what 'd i tell you about musicians ? 
 that bad boy type will only break your heart . '' 
 `` they 're only bad because they 're lame , '' st. clair mutters . 
 he pins the button to his own outfit , this fabulous black peacoat that makes him look very european , indeed . 
 `` just because , once upon a time , you guys had issues with someone , '' i say , `` does n't mean i do . 
 max and i are fine . 
 do n't - do n't do that . '' 
 i shake my head at st. clair . 
 `` you 're ruining a perfectly good coat . '' 
 `` sorry , did you want it ? 
 it might balance out your collection . '' 
 he gestures at my own maroon vest . 
 in between the required royal theater buttons , i have several sparkly vintage brooches . 
 only one manager has complained so far , but as i politely explained to him , my jewelry only attracts more attention to his advertisements . 
 so i won that argument . 
 and thankfully no one has said anything about the vest itself , which i 've taken in so that it 's actually fitted and semiflattering . 
 you know . 
 for a polyester vest . 
 my phone vibrates in my pocket . 
 `` hold that thought , '' i tell st. clair . 
 it 's a text from lindsey lim : u wont believe who i saw jogging in the park . 
 prepare yrself . 
 `` lola ! '' 
 anna rushes forward to catch me , but i 'm not falling . 
 am i falling ? 
 her hand is on my arm , holding me upright . 
 `` what happened , what 's the matter ? '' 
 surely lindsey saw calliope . 
 calliope was the one exercising in the park , as a part of her training . 
 of course it was calliope ! 
 i shove the other possibility down , deep and hard , but it springs right back . 
 this parasite growing inside of me . 
 it never disappears , no matter how many times i tell myself to forget it . 
 it 's the past , and no one can change the past . 
 but it grows all the same . 
 because as terrible as it is to think about calliope bell , it 's nothing compared to the pain that overwhelms me whenever i think about her twin . 
 they 'll be seniors this year . 
 which means that despite the no-show this morning , there 's no reason why her twin would n't be here . 
 the best i can hope for is some kind of delay . 
 i need that time to prepare myself . 
 i text lindsey back with a simple question mark . 
 please , please , please , i beg the universe . 
 please be calliope . 
 `` is it max ? '' 
 anna asks . 
 `` your parents ? 
 oh god , it 's that guy we kicked out of the theater yesterday , is n't it ? 
 that crazy guy with the giant phone and the bucket of chicken ! 
 how did he find your numb - '' `` it 's not the guy . '' 
 but i ca n't explain . 
 not now , not this . 
 `` everything 's fine . '' 
 anna and st. clair swap identical disbelieving glances . 
 `` it 's betsy . 
 my dog . 
 andy says she 's acting sick , but i 'm sure it 's prob - '' my phone vibrates again , and i nearly drop it in my frantic attempt to read the new text : calliope . 
 investigation reveals new coach . 
 shes back 4 good . 
 `` well ? '' 
 st. clair asks . 
 calliope . 
 oh , thank god , calliope . 
 i look up at my friends . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` betsy ! '' 
 they say together . 
 `` oh . 
 yeah . '' 
 i give them a relieved smile . 
 `` false alarm . 
 she just threw up a shoe . '' 
 `` a shoe ? '' 
 st. clair asks . 
 `` dude , '' anna says . 
 `` you scared me . 
 do you need to go home ? '' 
 `` we can handle closing if you need to go , '' st. clair adds . 
 as if he works here . 
 no doubt he just wants me to leave so that he can tongue his girlfriend . 
 i stride away , toward the popcorn machine , embarrassed to have made a public display . 
 `` betsy 's fine . 
 but thanks , '' i add as my cell vibrates again . 
 u ok ? 
 yeah . 
 i saw her this morning . 
 y didnt u tell me ??? i was gon na call after work . 
 you did n't see ... ? 
 no . 
 but im on it . 
 call me l8r ned . 
 lindsey lim fancies herself a detective . 
 this is due to her lifelong obsession with mysteries , ever since she received the nancy drew starter set -lrb- secret of the old clock through secret of red gate farm -rrb- for her eighth birthday . 
 hence , `` ned . '' 
 she tried to nickname me bess , nancy 's flirty , shop-happy friend , but i was n't pleased with that , because bess is always telling nancy the situation is too dangerous , and she should give up . 
 what kind of friend says that ? 
 and i 'm definitely not george , nancy 's other best friend , because george is an athletic tomboy with a pug nose . 
 george would never wear a marie antoinette dress-even with platform combat boots-to her winter formal . 
 which left ned nickerson , nancy 's boyfriend . 
 ned is actually useful and often assists nancy during life-threatening situations . 
 i can get down with that . 
 even if he is a guy . 
 i picture lindsey parked in front of her computer . 
 no doubt she went directly to the figure-skating fansites , and that 's how she knows about the new coach . 
 though i would n't put it past her to have walked up to calliope herself . 
 lindsey is n't easily intimidated , which is why she 'll make a great investigator someday . 
 she 's rational , straightforward , and unflinchingly honest . 
 in this sense , we balance each other out . 
 we 've been best friends since , welll ... since the bells stopped being my best friends . 
 when i entered kindergarten , and they realized it was no longer cool to hang out with the neighbor girl who only spent half days at school . 
 but that part of our history is n't as harsh as it sounds . 
 because soon i met lindsey , and we discovered our mutual passions for roly-poly bugs , sea-green crayons , and those little debbies shaped like christmas trees . 
 instant friendship . 
 and later , when our classmates began teasing me for wearing tutus or ruby slippers , lindsey was the one who growled back , `` shove it , fartbreath . '' 
 i 'm very loyal to her . 
 i wonder if she 'll find out anything about the other bell ? 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 st. clair says . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i turn around to find him and anna giving me another weird look . 
 `` you said something about a bell . '' 
 anna cocks her head . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay?you 've been really distracted tonight . '' 
 `` i 'm great ! 
 honestly ! '' 
 how many times will i have to lie today ? 
 i volunteer to clean the fourth-floor bathrooms to stop incriminating myself , but later , when andy shows up to take me home-my parents do n't like me riding the bus late at night - he eyes me with the same concern . 
 `` you okay , lola - doodle ? '' 
 i throw my purse at the floorboard . 
 `` why does everyone keep asking me that ? '' 
 `` maybe because you look like ... `` andy pauses , his expression shifting to barely masked hope . 
 `` did you and max break up ? '' 
 `` dad ! '' 
 he shrugs , but his adam 's apple bobs in his throat , a dead giveaway that he feels guilty for asking . 
 maybe there 's hope for max and my parents after all . 
 or , at least , max and andy . 
 andy is always the first to soften in difficult situations . 
 which , by the way , does n't make him `` the woman . '' 
 nothing annoys me more than someone assuming one of my dads is lessthan-dad . 
 yeah , andy bakes for a living . 
 and he stayed at home to raise me . 
 and he 's decent at talking about feelings . 
 but he also fixes electrical sockets , unclogs kitchen pipes , squashes cockroaches , and changes flat tires . 
 and nathan may be the resident disciplinarian and a tough lawyer for the aclu , but he also decorates our house with antiques and gets teary during sitcom weddings . 
 so neither is `` the woman . '' 
 they 're both g * y men . 
 duh . 
 besides , it 's not like all women fit into those stereotypes either . 
 `` is it ... our neighbors ? '' 
 andy 's voice is tentative . 
 he knows if it is about them , i wo n't talk . 
 `` it 's nothing , dad . 
 it was just a long day . '' 
 we ride home in silence . 
 i 'm shivering as i climb out of the car , but it 's not because of the temperature drop . 
 i stare at the lavender victorian . 
 at the bedroom window across from my own . 
 there 's no light on . 
 the cold gripping my heart loosens , but it does n't let go . 
 i have to see inside that room . 
 adrenaline surges through me , and i jolt up the stairs , into the house , and up another flight of stairs . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 nathan calls after me . 
 `` no hug for your dear old pop ? '' 
 andy talks to him in a low voice . 
 now that i 'm at my bedroom door , i 'm afraid to go in . 
 which is absurd . 
 i 'm a brave person . 
 why should one window scare me ? 
 but i pause to make sure nathan is n't coming up . 
 whatever waits for me on the other side , i do n't want interruptions . 
 he is n't coming . 
 andy must have told him to leave me alone . 
 good . 
 i open my door with false confidence . 
 i reach for the light switch but change my mind and decide to enter lindsey lim style . 
 i creep forward in the shadows . 
 the rows of pastel houses in this city are so close that the other window , the one that lines up perfectly with my own , is mere feet away . 
 i peer through the darkness and search for habitation . 
 there are n't any curtains on the window . 
 i squint , but as far as i can tell , the bedroom is ... empty . 
 there 's nothing in there . 
 i look to the right , into calliope 's room . 
 boxes . 
 i look down , into their kitchen . 
 boxes . 
 i look straight ahead again . 
 no twin . 
 no twin . 
 my entire body exhales . 
 i flick on my light and then my stereo - max 's band , of course-and turn it up . 
 loud . 
 i sling off my ballet slippers , tossing them onto the shoe mountain that blocks my closet , and yank off my wig . 
 i shake out my real hair and throw down my work vest . 
 the stupid short-sleeved , collared shirt they make me wear and the ugly boring black pants follow the vest to the floor . 
 my red silk chinese pajama bottoms come back on , and i add the matching top . 
 i feel like myself again . 
 i glance at the empty window . 
 oh , yes . 
 i definitely feel like myself again . 
 amphetamine blasts from my speakers , and i dance over to my phone . 
 i 'll call lindsey first . 
 and then max , so that i can apologize for being such a space case at the tea garden . 
 maybe he 's even free tomorrow morning . 
 i do n't have to work until two , so we could go to brunch on our own terms . 
 or maybe we could say we 're going to brunch , but we can really go to his apartment . 
 my eyes close , and i jump and thrash to the pounding drums . 
 i spin in circles and laugh and throw my body . 
 max 's voice is pissed off . 
 his lyrics taunt . 
 the energy of his guitar builds and builds , and the bass thrums through me like blood . 
 i am invincible . 
 and then i open my eyes . 
 cricket bell grins . 
 `` hi , lola . '' 
 chapter four he 's sitting in his window . 
 literally sitting in it . 
 his butt is on the windowsill , and his legs-impossibly long and slender-are dangling against the side of his house , two stories above the ground . 
 and his hands are folded in his lap as if spying on his unsuspecting female neighbor was the most natural thing in the world . 
 i stare , helpless and dumbfounded , and he bursts into laughter . 
 his body rocks with it , and he throws back his head and claps his hands . 
 cricket bell laughs at me . 
 and claps . 
 `` i called your name . '' 
 he tries to stop smiling , but his mouth only opens wider with delight . 
 i can practically count his teeth . 
 `` i called it a dozen times , but your music was too loud , so i was waiting it out . 
 you 're a good dancer . '' 
 mortification strips me of the ability to engage in intelligent conversation . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 his grin has n't disappeared , but he visibly squirms . 
 `` i only wanted to say hello . '' 
 he swings his legs back inside of his bedroom in one fluid motion . 
 there 's a lightness to the way he lands on his feet , a certain grace , that 's instantly recognizable . 
 it washes me in a familiar aching shame . 
 and then he stretches , and i 'm stunned anew . 
 `` cricket , you 're ... tall . '' 
 which is , quite possibly , the stupidest thing i could say to him . 
 cricket bell was always taller than most boys , but in the last two years , he 's added half a foot . 
 at least . 
 his slender body - once skinny and awkward , despite his graceful movements - has also changed . 
 he 's filled out , though just slightly . 
 the edge has been removed . 
 but pointing out that someone is tall is like pointing out the weather when it 's raining . 
 both obvious and irritating . 
 `` it 's the hair , '' he says with a straight face . 
 `` gravity has always been my nemesis . '' 
 and his dark hair is tall . 
 it 's floppy , but ... inverted floppy . 
 i 'm not sure how it 's possible without serious quantities of mousse or gel , but even when he was a kid , cricket 's hair stood straight up . 
 it gives him the air of a mad scientist , which actually is n't that far off . 
 his hair is one of the things i always liked about him . 
 until i did n't like him at all , that is . 
 he waits for me to reply , and when i do n't , he clears his throat . 
 `` but you 're taller , too . 
 of course . 
 i mean , it 's been a long time . 
 so obviously you are . 
 taller . '' 
 we take each other in . 
 my mind spins as it tries to connect the cricket of the present with the cricket of the past . 
 he 's grown up and grown into his body , but it 's still him . 
 the same boy i fell in love with in the ninth grade . 
 my feelings had been building since our childhood , but that year , the year he turned sixteen , was the year everything changed . 
 i blame it on his pants . 
 cricket bell had always been ... nice . 
 and he was cute , and he was intelligent , and he was older , and it was only natural that i would develop feelings for him . 
 but the day everything fell into place was the same day i discovered that he 'd become interested in his appearance . 
 not in an egotistical way . 
 simply in a `` maybe baggy shorts and giant sneakers are n't the most attractive look for a guy like me '' way . 
 so he started wearing these pants . 
 nice pants . 
 not hipster pants or preppy pants or anything like that , just pants that said he cared about pants . 
 they were chosen to fit his frame . 
 some plain , some pinstriped to further elongate his height . 
 and he would pair them with vintage shirts and unusual jackets in a way that looked effortlessly cool . 
 so while the guys in my grade could barely remember to keep their flies zipped-and the only ones who did care about their appearance were budding homosexuals-here was a perfectly friendly , perfectly attractive , perfectly dressed straight boy who just-so-happened to live next door to me . 
 of course i fell in love with him . 
 of course it ended badly . 
 and now here he is , and his dress habits have n't changed . 
 if anything , they 've improved . 
 both his pants and his shirt are still slim-fitting , but now he 's accessorized . 
 a thick , black leather watchband on one wrist , a multitude of weathered colorful bracelets and rubber bands on the other . 
 cricket bell looks good . 
 he looks better . 
 the realization is surprising , but the one that follows stuns me even more . 
 i 'm not in love with him anymore . 
 instead , looking at him makes me feell ... hollow . 
 `` how 've you been ? '' 
 i give him a smile that 's both warm and cool . 
 one that i hope says , i 'm not that person anymore.you did n't hurt me , and i never think about you . 
 `` good . 
 really , really good . 
 i just started at berkeley , so that 's where my things are.you know . 
 in berkeley . 
 i stopped by to help my parents unpack . '' 
 cricket points behind him as if the boxes are right there . 
 he was always a hand-talker . 
 `` berkeley ? '' 
 i 'm thrown . 
 `` as in ... ? '' 
 he looks down into the alley between our houses . 
 `` i , uh , graduated early . 
 homeschooling ? 
 calliope did , too , but she 's skipping the college thing for a few years to concentrate on her career . '' 
 `` so you 're staying there ? '' 
 i ask , hardly daring to believe it . 
 `` in a dorm ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 yes . 
 oh my god , yes ! 
 `` i mean , i 'll bring a few things over , '' he says . 
 `` for weekends and school breaks . 
 or whatever . '' 
 my chest constricts . 
 `` weekends ? '' 
 `` probably . 
 i guess . '' 
 he sounds apologetic . 
 `` this is all new to me . 
 it 's always been the calliope parade , you know ? '' 
 i do know . 
 the bell family has always revolved around calliope 's career . 
 this must be the first time in cricket 's life that his schedule does n't revolve around hers . 
 `` i saw her on tv last year , '' i say , trying not to sound distressed by the idea of seeing him regularly . 
 `` world championships . 
 second place , that 's impressive . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 cricket sags against his window frame . 
 he scratches the side of his nose , revealing a message written on the back of his left hand : reverse circuit . 
 `` but do n't let her hear you say that . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i stare at his hand . 
 it 's surreal . 
 he always wrote cryptic reminders there and always in that same black marker . 
 i used to write on mine sometimes just to be like him . 
 my stomach clenches at the memory . 
 did he notice ? 
 did calliope tease him about it when i was n't around ? 
 `` you know cal . 
 it does n't count if it 's not first . '' 
 he straightens up , on the move again , and holds out both hands in my direction . 
 `` but how are you ? 
 i 'm sorry , i 've completely taken over this conversation . '' 
 `` great . 
 i 'm great ! '' 
 i 'm great ? 
 two years of revenge fantasies , and that 's what i come up with ? 
 of course , in my daydreams , i 'm never wearing matching pajamas either . 
 oh , no . 
 i 'm wearing matching pajamas . 
 and my hair ! 
 i have wig hair ! 
 it 's totally flat and sweaty ! 
 everything about this moment is wrong . 
 i 'm supposed to be dressed in something glamorous and unique . 
 we 're supposed to be in a crowded room , and his breath is supposed to catch when he sees me . 
 i 'll be laughing , and he 'll be drawn toward me as if by magnetic force . 
 and i 'll be surprised but uninterested to see him . 
 and then max will show up . 
 put his arm around me . 
 and i 'll leave with my dignity restored , and cricket will leave agonizing that he did n't go for me when he had the chance . 
 instead , he 's staring at me with the strangest expression . 
 his brow has creased and his mouth has parted , but the smile has disappeared . 
 it 's his solving-a-difficult-equation face . 
 why is he giving me his difficult equation face ? 
 `` and your family ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` how are they ? '' 
 it 's unnerving . 
 that face . 
 `` um , they 're good . '' 
 i am confident and happy . 
 and over you . 
 do n't forget , i 'm over you . 
 `` andy started his own business . 
 he bakes and delivers these incredible pies , every flavor . 
 it 's doing well . 
 and nathan is the same . 
 you know . 
 good . '' 
 i glance away , toward the dark street . 
 i wish he 'd stop looking at me . 
 `` and norah ? '' 
 his question is careful . 
 delicate . 
 there 's another awkward silence . 
 not many people know about norah , but there are certain things that ca n't be hidden from neighbors . 
 things like my birth mother . 
 `` she 's ... norah . 
 she 's in the fortune-telling business now , reading tea leaves . '' 
 my face grows warm . 
 how long will we stand here being polite ? 
 `` she has an apartment . '' 
 `` that 's great , lola . 
 i 'm glad to hear it . '' 
 and because he 's cricket , he does sound glad . 
 this is all too weird . 
 `` do you see her often ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 i have n't seen snoopy at all this year . '' 
 i 'm not sure why i add that . 
 `` is he stilll ... ? '' 
 i nod . 
 his real name is jonathan head , but i 've never heard anyone call him that . 
 snoopy met norah when they were both teenagers . 
 they were also alcoholics , drug addicts , and homeless gutter punks . 
 when he got norah pregnant , she came to her older brother for help . 
 nathan . 
 she did n't want me , but she did n't want to get an abortion either . 
 and nathan and andy , who 'd been together for seven years , wanted a child . 
 they adopted me , and andy changed his last name to nathan 's so that we 'd all have the same one . 
 but yes . 
 my father nathan is biologically my uncle . 
 my parents have tried to help norah . 
 she 's has n't lived on the streets in years-before her apartment , she was in a series of group homes-but she still is n't exactly the most reliable person i know . 
 the best i can say is that at least she 's sober . 
 and i only see snoopy every now and then , whenever he rolls into town . 
 he 'll call my parents , we 'll take him out for a burger , and then we wo n't hear from him again for months . 
 the homeless move around more than most people realize . 
 i do n't like to talk about my birth parents . 
 `` i like what you 've done with your room , '' cricket says suddenly . 
 `` the lights are pretty . '' 
 he gestures toward the strands of pink and white twinkle lights strung across my ceiling . 
 `` and the mannequin heads . '' 
 i have shelves running across the top of my bedroom walls , lined with turquoise mannequin heads . 
 they model my wigs and sunglasses . 
 the walls themselves are plastered with posters of movie costume dramas and glossy black-and-whites of classic actresses . 
 my desk is hot pink with gold glitter , which i threw in while the paint was drying , and the surface is buried underneath open jars of sparkly makeup , bottles of half-dried nail polish , plastic kiddie barrettes , and false eyelashes . 
 on my bookcase , i have endless cans of spray paint and bundles of hot glue sticks , and my sewing table is collaged with magazine cutouts of japanese street fashion . 
 bolts of fabric are stacked precariously on top , and the wall beside it has even more shelves , crammed with glass jars of buttons and thread and needles and zippers . 
 over my bed , i have a canopy made out of indian saris and paper umbrellas from chinatown . 
 it 's chaotic , but i love it . 
 my bedroom is my sanctuary . 
 i glance at cricket 's room . 
 bare walls , bare floor . 
 empty . 
 he acknowledges my gaze . 
 `` not what it used to be , is it ? '' 
 he asks . 
 before they moved , it was as cluttered as my own . 
 coffee canisters filled with gears and cogs and nuts and wheels and bolts . 
 scribbled blueprints taped up beside star charts and the periodic table . 
 lightbulbs and copper wire and disassembled clocks . 
 and always the rube goldberg machines . 
 rube was famous for drawing those cartoons of complex machines performing simple tasks . 
 you know , where you pull the string so that the boot kicks over the cup , which releases the ball , which lands in the track , which rolls onto the teeter-totter , which releases the hammer that turns off your light switch ? 
 that was cricket 's bedroom . 
 i give him a wary smile . 
 `` it 's a little different , cgb . '' 
 `` you remember my middle name ? '' 
 his eyebrows shoot up in surprise . 
 `` it 's not like it 's easy to forget , cricket graham bell . '' 
 yeah . 
 the bell family is that bell family . 
 as in telephone . 
 as in one of the most important inventions in history . 
 he rubs his forehead . 
 `` my parents did burden me with unfortunate nomenclature . '' 
 `` please . '' 
 i let out a laugh . 
 `` you used to brag about it all the time . '' 
 `` things change . '' 
 his blue eyes widen as if he 's joking , but there 's something flat behind his expression . 
 it 's uncomfortable . 
 cricket was always proud of his family name . 
 as an inventor , just like his great-great-great-grandfather , it was impossible for him not to be . 
 abruptly , he lurches backward into the shadows of his room . 
 `` i should catch the train . 
 school tomorrow . '' 
 the action startles me . 
 `` oh . '' 
 and then he bounds forward again , and his face is illuminated by pink and white twinkle lights . 
 his difficult equation face . 
 `` see you around ? '' 
 what else can i say ? 
 i gesture at my window . 
 `` i 'll be here . '' 
 chapter five max picks his black shirt off his apartment floor and pulls it on . 
 i 'm already dressed again . 
 today i 'm a strawberry . 
 a sweet red dress from the fifties , a long necklace of tiny black beads , and a dark green wig cut into a severe louise brooks bob . 
 my boyfriend playfully bites my arm , which smells of sweat and berry lotion . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asks . 
 he does n't mean the bite . 
 i nod . 
 and it was better . 
 `` let 's get burritos . 
 i 'm craving guacamole and pintos . '' 
 i do n't mention that i also want to leave before his roommate , amphetamine 's drummer , comes home . 
 johnny 's a decent guy , but sometimes i feel out of my depth when max 's friends are around . 
 i like it when it 's just the two of us . 
 max grabs his wallet . 
 `` you got it , lo-li-ta , '' he sings . 
 i smack his shoulder , and he gives me his signature , suggestive half grin . 
 he knows i hate that nickname . 
 no one is allowed to call me lolita , not even my boyfriend , not even in private . 
 i am not some gross old man 's obsession . 
 max is n't humbert humbert , and i am not his nymphet . 
 `` that 's your last warning , '' i say . 
 `` and you just bought my burrito . '' 
 `` extra guacamole . '' 
 he seals his promise with a deep kiss as my phone rings . 
 andy . 
 my face flushes . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he turns away in frustration but says softly , `` do n't be . '' 
 i tell andy we 're already at the restaurant , and we 've just been walking around . 
 i 'm pretty sure he buys it . 
 the mood killed , max and i choose a place only a block away . 
 it has plastic green saguaro lights in the windows and papier-mache parrots hanging from the ceiling . 
 max lives in the mission , the neighborhood beside mine , which has no shortage of amazing mexican restaurants . 
 the waiter brings us salty chips and extra-hot salsa , and i tell max about school , which starts again in three days . 
 i 'm so over it . 
 i 'm ready for college , ready to begin my career . 
 i want to design costumes for movies and the stage . 
 someday i 'll walk the red carpets in something never seen before , like lizzy gardiner when she accepted her oscar for the adventures of priscilla , queen of the desert in a dress made out of golden credit cards . 
 only mine will be made out of something new and different . 
 like strips of photo-booth pictures or chains of white roses or mexican loteria cards . 
 or maybe i 'll wear a great pair of swashbuckling boots and a plumed hat . 
 and i 'll swagger to the stage with a saber on my belt and a heavy pistol in my holster , and i 'll thank my parents for showing me gone with the wind when i had the flu in second grade , because it taught me everything i needed to know about hoop skirts . 
 mainly , that i needed one . 
 and badly . 
 max asks about the bell family . 
 i flinch . 
 their name is an electric shock . 
 `` you have n't mentioned them all week . 
 have you seen ... calliope again ? '' 
 he pauses on her name . 
 he 's checking for accuracy , but , for one wild moment , i think he knows about cricket . 
 which would be impossible , as i have not yet told him . 
 `` only through windows . '' 
 i trace the cold rim of my mandarin jarritos soda . 
 `` thank goodness . 
 i 'm starting to believe it 'll be possible to live next door and not be forced into actual face-to-face conversation . '' 
 `` you ca n't avoid your problems forever . '' 
 he frowns and tugs on one of his earrings . 
 `` no one can . '' 
 i burst into laughter . 
 `` oh , that 's funny coming from someone whose last album had three songs about running away . '' 
 max gives a small , amused smile back . 
 `` i 've never claimed i 'm not a hypocrite . '' 
 i 'm not sure why i have n't told him about cricket . 
 the timing just has n't felt right . 
 i have n't seen him again , but i 'm still a mess of emotions about it . 
 our meeting was n't as bad as it could have been , but it was ... unsettling . 
 cricket 's uncharacteristic ease compared to my uncharacteristic unease combined with the knowledge that i 'll be seeing him again . 
 soon . 
 he did n't even mention the last time we saw each other . 
 as if it did n't matter . 
 more likely , it did n't affect him . 
 i 've spent so many dark nights trying to forget about cricket . 
 it does n't feel fair that he could have forgotten about me . 
 it 's too much to explain to max . 
 and i do n't want him to think cricket bell means something to me that he does n't . 
 that chapter of my life is over . 
 it 's over , unlike my conversation with lindsey the next day , the same one we have every time we talk now . 
 `` i like max , '' i say . 
 `` he likes me . 
 what 's wrong with that ? '' 
 `` the law , '' she says . 
 it 's the last friday of our summer break , and we 're squished together on my tiny front porch . 
 i 'm spray-painting a pair of thrift-store boots , and she 's scoping out the lavender victorian . 
 lindsey supports my relationship for the most part , but she 's relentless when it comes to this one sticking point . 
 `` he 's a good guy , '' i say . 
 `` and our relationship is what it is . '' 
 `` i 'm not saying he is n't a good guy , i 'm merely reminding you that there could be consequences to dating him . '' 
 her voice is calm and rational as her eyes perform a quick scan of the neighborhood before returning to the bell house . 
 lindsey never stops examining her surroundings . 
 it 's what she does . 
 my best friend is pretty , bordering on plain . 
 she wears practical clothing and keeps her appearance clean . 
 she 's short , has braces , and has had the same haircut since the day we met . 
 black , shoulder length , tidy bangs . 
 the only thing that might seem out of place is her well-worn , well-loved pair of red chuck taylors . 
 lindsey was wearing them the day she tripped a suspect being chased by the police on market street , and they 've since become a permanent wardrobe fixture . 
 i laugh . 
 sometimes it 's the only option with her . 
 `` consequences . 
 like happiness ? 
 or love ? 
 you 're right , who 'd want a thing like tha - '' `` there he is , '' she says . 
 `` max ? '' 
 i swivel mid-spray , barely missing her sneakers in my excitement . 
 `` watch it , ned . '' 
 she slides aside . 
 `` not everyone wants shoes the color of a school bus . '' 
 but she 's not talking about my boyfriend . 
 my heart plummets to discover cricket bell waiting to cross the street . 
 `` oh , man.you got it on the porch . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 my attention jerks back . 
 sure enough , there 's an unsightly splotch of yellow beside the newspaper i 'd spread out to protect the wood . 
 i the splotch smears and grows larger . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 she 's staring at cricket again . 
 `` why did n't you tell me he was so ... '' `` tall ? '' 
 i scour harder . 
 `` unwanted ? '' '' 
 ... colorful . '' 
 i look up . 
 cricket is striding across the street , his long arms swinging with each step . 
 he 's wearing skinny mailmanesque pants with a red stripe down the side seam . 
 they 're a tad short - purposely , i can tell-exposing matching red socks and pointy shoes . 
 his movements suddenly become exaggerated , and he hums an unrecognizable tune . 
 cricket bell knows he has an audience . 
 there 's a familiar clenching in my stomach . 
 `` he 's coming over , '' lindsey says . 
 `` what do you want me to do ? 
 kick him in the balls ? 
 i 've been dying to kick him in the balls . '' 
 `` nothing , '' i hiss back . 
 `` i 'll handle it . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 i cough at her as he leaps up the stairs with the ease of a gazelle . 
 `` lola ! '' 
 his smile is ear to ear . 
 `` funny meeting you here . '' 
 `` funny that . 
 you being on her porch and all , '' lindsey says . 
 `` your house ? '' 
 cricket stumbles back down the top steps and widens his eyes dramatically . 
 `` they all look so similar . '' 
 we stare at him . 
 `` it 's good to see you again , lindsey , '' he adds after a moment . 
 now there 's a touch of genuine embarrassment . 
 `` i just passed your parents ' restaurant , and it was packed . 
 that 's great . '' 
 `` huh , '' she says . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i blurt . 
 `` i live here . 
 not here-here , but there-here . '' 
 he points next door . 
 `` occasionally . 
 on the weekends . 
 well , my parents told me they set up my bed , so i assume it 's a go . '' 
 `` they did . 
 i saw them move it in yesterday , '' i say , despite myself . 
 `` there still are n't any curtains on your window , '' i add , not wanting him to think that i 've been purposefully watching his room . 
 one hand fiddles with the bracelets on his other . 
 `` now , that 's a shame . 
 promise you wo n't laugh when you see me in my underwear . '' 
 lindsey 's eyebrows raise . 
 `` i cut a pathetic figure undressed , '' he continues . 
 `` dressed , too , for that matter . 
 or half dressed . 
 one sock on , one sock off . 
 just a hat . 
 no hat . 
 you can stop me at any time , you know . 
 feel free to tell me to shut up . '' 
 `` shut up , cricket , '' i say . 
 `` thanks . 
 did you dye your hair ? 
 because you were n't blond last weekend . 
 oh , it 's a wig , is n't it ? '' 
 `` ye - '' `` hey , cool shoes . 
 i 've never seen boots that color before . 
 except rain boots , of course , but those are n't rain boots . '' 
 `` no - '' the front door opens , and andy appears in a white apron . 
 he 's holding a flour-dusted wooden spoon as if it were an extension of his arm . 
 `` could i persuade you ladies to sample - '' cricket pops back onto the porch and stretches his lengthy torso between lindsey and me to shake my dad 's hand . 
 `` it 's nice to see you again , mr. nolan . 
 how are you ? '' 
 lindsey mouths , what 's he been smoking ? 
 i 'm as baffled as she is . 
 he 's like cricket times ten . 
 `` i 'm good . '' 
 andy glances at me , trying to determine if he should throw him off our property . 
 i give my dad the smallest shake of my head , and he turns his attention back to cricket . 
 which , frankly , would be impossible not to do , considering the sheer energy radiating off him . 
 `` and you ? 
 still inventing mysterious and wondrous objects ? '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 cricket hesitates . 
 `` there 's not really a market for that sort of thing these days . 
 but i hear you 're running a successful pie operation ? '' 
 my father looks flattered that the news has spread . 
 `` i was just about to ask the girls if they 'd mind testing a new pie . 
 would you like a slice ? '' 
 `` i would love a slice . '' 
 and he springs ahead of andy , who follows him inside . 
 the porch is silent . 
 i turn to lindsey . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 `` your father invited the former love of your life in for pie . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 that 's what i thought . '' 
 we 're quiet for a moment . 
 `` there 's still time for an excuse , '' she says . 
 `` we do n't have to go in there . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` no , we really do . '' 
 `` good . 
 because that guy demands observation . '' 
 and she marches inside . 
 i take another look at the paint splotch and find that it 's dried . 
 crap . 
 i spray the last side of my shoes , move the project where it wo n't get tripped on , and head inside for whatever torture awaits me . 
 they 're standing around one of the islands in our kitchen . 
 we have an unusually large kitchen for the city , because my parents removed the dining room to add space for andy 's business . 
 everyone already has a plate of pie and a glass of milk . 
 `` unbelievable . '' 
 cricket wipes the crumbs from his lips with his long fingers . 
 `` i would have never thought to put kiwi in a pie . '' 
 andy spots me hovering in the doorway . 
 `` better hurry before this one eats it all . '' 
 he nods toward his guest . 
 outwardly , my dad is collected , but i can tell that inside he 's gloaty beyond belief . 
 how quickly one 's allegiance changes under the influence of a compliment . 
 i smile as if none of this is a big deal . 
 but i 'm freaking out . 
 cricket bell . 
 in my kitchen . 
 eating kiwi pie . 
 and then i take the empty space beside him , and i 'm stunned again by his extraordinary height . 
 he towers over me . 
 andy points his fork at the other half of the green pie . 
 `` have the rest , cricket . '' 
 `` oh , no . 
 i could n't . '' 
 but his brightened eyes suggest otherwise . 
 `` i insist . '' 
 my dad nudges the dish toward him . 
 `` nathan 's always complaining that i 'm trying to make him fat , so it 'll be better if it 's gone before he comes home . '' 
 cricket turns to me with his entire body-head , shoulders , chest , arms , legs . 
 there are no half gestures with cricket bell . 
 `` another slice ? '' 
 i motion toward the piece in front of me , which i have n't even started . 
 `` lindsey ? '' 
 he asks . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` i 'm not exactly pie-deprived , visiting here so often . '' 
 why is he here ? 
 is n't there some campus party he should be at ? 
 the more i think about it , the more incensed i become . 
 how dare he show up and expect me to be friendly ? 
 people ca n't just do that . 
 `` how 's your family ? '' 
 andy asks . 
 cricket swallows . 
 `` they 're good . 
 my parents are the same . 
 dad 's a little too exhausted , mom 's a little too enthusiastic . 
 but they 're good . 
 and call is busy training , of course . 
 it 's a big year with the olympics coming up . 
 and aleck is married now . '' 
 `` is he still composing ? '' 
 andy asks . 
 alexander , or aleck as dictated by the family nickname , is the twins ' older brother . 
 he was already in high school when calliope started training , so he escaped most of the family drama . 
 i never knew him well , but i do vividly recall the complicated piano concertos that used to glide through our walls . 
 all three bells could be considered prodigies in their fields . 
 `` and teaching , '' cricket confirms . 
 `` and he had his first child last year . '' 
 `` boy or girl ? '' 
 lindsey asks . 
 `` a girl . 
 abigail . '' 
 `` uncle ... cricket , '' i say . 
 lindsey and andy both let out an uncontrolled snort , but andy instantly looks horrified for doing it . 
 he glares at me . 
 `` lola . '' 
 `` no , it 's okay , '' cricket says . 
 `` it 's completely ridiculous . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say . 
 `` no , please . 
 do n't be . '' 
 but there 's a catch in his voice , and he says it so quickly that i look at him in surprise . 
 for the briefest moment , our eyes lock . 
 there 's a flash of pain , and he turns away . 
 he has n't forgotten . 
 cricket bell remembers everything . 
 my face burns . 
 without thinking , i push away my plate . 
 `` i need to ... get ready for work . '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 lindsey grabs my hand . 
 `` you 'll be late . '' 
 andy glances at the frida kahlo wall calendar where i post my schedule . 
 he frowns toward frida 's unibrow . 
 `` you did n't write it down . '' 
 lindsey is already pulling me upstairs . 
 `` i 'm covering for someone ! '' 
 i say . 
 `` am i supposed to pick you up ? '' 
 he hollers . 
 i lean over the banister and look into the kitchen . 
 cricket is staring at me , parted mouth and furrowed brow . 
 his difficult equation face . 
 as if i 'm the problem , not him . 
 i rip away my gaze . 
 `` yeah , the usual time . 
 thanks , dad . '' 
 lindsey and i run the rest of the way into my bedroom . 
 she locks my door . 
 `` what 'll you do ? '' 
 her voice is low and calm . 
 `` about cricket ? '' 
 she reaches underneath my bed and pulls out the polyester vest . 
 `` no . 
 work . '' 
 i search for the remaining pieces of my uniform , trying not to cry . 
 `` i 'll go to max 's . 
 he can drive me to work before andy gets there . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she nods . 
 `` that 's a good plan . '' 
 it 's the night before school starts , and i 'm working for real this time . 
 anna and i-and her boyfriend , of course-are inside the box office . 
 the main lobby of our theater is enormous . 
 eight box-office registers underneath a twenty-five-foot ceiling of carved geometric crosses and stars . 
 giant white pillars and dark wooden trim add to the historic opulence and mark the building as not originally a chain movie theater . 
 its first incarnation was a swanky hotel , the second a ritzy automobile showroom . 
 it 's another slow evening . 
 anna is writing in a battered , left-handed notebook while st. clair and i argue across the full length of the box office . 
 she just got another part-time job , unpaid , writing movie reviews for her university 's newspaper . 
 since she 's a freshman , they 're only giving her the crappy movies . 
 but she does n't mind . 
 `` it 's fun to write a review if you hate the movie , '' she told me earlier . 
 `` it 's easy to talk about things we hate , but sometimes it 's hard to explain exactly why we like something . '' 
 `` i know you like him , '' st. clair says to me , leaning back in his chair . 
 `` but he 's still far too old for you . '' 
 here we go again . 
 `` max is n't old , '' i say . 
 `` he 's only a few years older than you . '' 
 `` like i said . 
 too old . '' 
 `` age does n't matter . '' 
 he snorts . 
 `` yeah , maybe when you 're middle-aged and - '' `` golfing , '' anna helpfully supplies , without looking up from her notebook . 
 `` paying the mortgage , '' he says . 
 `` shopping for minivans . '' 
 `` with side air bags . '' 
 `` and extra cup holders ! '' 
 i ignore their laughter . 
 `` you 've never even met him . '' 
 `` because he never comes in here . 
 he drops you off at the curb , '' st. clair says . 
 i throw up my hands , which i 've been mehndi-ing with a bic pen . 
 `` do you have any idea how difficult it is to park in this city ? '' 
 `` i 'm just saying that if it were anna , i 'd want to meet her coworkers . 
 see where she 's spending her time . '' 
 i stare at him , hard . 
 `` obviously . '' 
 `` obviously . '' 
 he grins . 
 i scowl back . 
 `` get a job . '' 
 `` perhaps i will . '' 
 anna finally looks up . 
 `` i 'll believe that when i see it . '' 
 but she 's smiling at him . 
 she twirls the glass banana on her necklace . 
 `` oh , hey.your mom called . 
 she wanted to know if we 're still on for dinner tomorrow - '' and they 're off in their own world again . 
 as if they do n't see each other enough as it is . 
 he stays in her dorm on weekdays , and she stays in his on weekends . 
 though i do admit that their trade-off is appealing . 
 i hope max and i share something like it someday . 
 actually , i hope max and i share one place someday - `` oy ! '' 
 st. clair is talking to me again . 
 `` i met your friend today . '' 
 `` lindsey ? '' 
 i sit up straighter . 
 `` no , your old neighbor . 
 cricket . '' 
 the ornamental ceiling tilts and bends . 
 `` and how do you know that cricket bell was my neighbor ? '' 
 my question is strangled . 
 st. clair shrugs . 
 `` he told me . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 and ? 
 `` he lives on my floor in my dorm . 
 we were talking in the hall , and i mentioned that i was on my way to meet anna , and where she works - '' his girlfriend beams , and i 'm struck by a peculiar twinge of jealousy . 
 does max tell people about me ? '' 
 - and he said he knew someone who worked here , too . 
 you . '' 
 one week , and already i ca n't escape him . 
 it 's just my luck that cricket would live beside my only berkeley acquaintance . 
 and how does he know where i work ? 
 did i mention the theater ? 
 no . 
 i 'm positive that i did n't . 
 he must have asked andy after i left . 
 `` he asked about you , '' st. clair continues . 
 `` nice bloke . '' 
 `` huh , '' i finally manage . 
 `` there 's a story behind that huh , '' anna says . 
 `` there 's no story , '' i say . 
 `` there is definitely not a story . '' 
 anna pauses in consideration before turning toward st. clair . 
 `` would you mind making a coffee run ? '' 
 he raises an eyebrow . 
 after a moment , he says , `` ah . 
 of course . '' 
 he swoops in for a kiss goodbye , and then she watches his backside leave before turning to me with a mischievous smile . 
 i huff . 
 `` you 'll just tell him later , when you guys are alone . '' 
 her smile widens . 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` then no way . '' 
 `` dude . '' 
 anna slides into the seat beside me . 
 `` you 're dying to spill it . '' 
 she 's right . 
 i spill it . 
 chapter six when i was five years old , cricket bell built an elevator . 
 it was a marvelous invention made from white string and tonka truck wheels and a child - size shoe box , and because of it , my barbies traveled from the first floor of their dollhouse to the second without ever having to walk on their abnormally slanted feet . 
 the house was built in my bookcase , and i 'd desired an elevator for as long as i could remember . 
 the official barbie dream house had one made of plastic , but as often as i begged my parents , they would n't budge . 
 no dream house . 
 too expensive . 
 so cricket took it upon himself to make one for me . 
 and while calliope and i decorated my bookcase with lamp shades made from toothpaste caps and persian rugs made from carpet samples , cricket created a working elevator . 
 pulleys and levers and gears come to him as naturally as breathing . 
 the elevator had completed its first run . 
 pet doctor barbie was enjoying the second floor and calliope was pulling down the elevator to fetch skipper , when i stood on my tiptoes , puckered my lips , and planted one on her very surprised brother . 
 cricket bell kissed me back . 
 he tasted like the warm cookies that andy had brought us . 
 his lips were dusted with blue sugar crystals . 
 and when we parted , he staggered . 
 but our romance was as quick as our kiss . 
 calliope proclaimed us `` grody '' and flounced back to their house , dragging cricket behind her . 
 and i decided she was right . 
 because calliope was the kind of girl you wanted to impress , which meant that she was always right . 
 so i decided that boys were gross , and i would never date one . 
 certainly not her brother . 
 not long after the elevator incident , calliope decided that i was grody , too , and my friendship with the twins ended . 
 i imagine cricket complied with the arrangement in the easy way of anyone under the sway of someone with a stronger personality . 
 for several years , we did n't talk . 
 contact was limited to hearing their car doors slam and glimpsing them through windows . 
 calliope had always been a talented gymnast , but the day she switched to figure skating , she burst into a different league altogether . 
 her parents bragged to mine about potential , and her life turned into one long practice session . 
 and cricket , too young to stay at home without a parent , went with her . 
 on the rare occasions that he was at home , he busied himself inside his bedroom , building peculiar contraptions that flew and chimed and buzzed . 
 sometimes he 'd test one in the small space between our houses . 
 i 'd hear an explosion that would bring me racing to my window . 
 and then , but only then , would we exchange friendly , secretive smiles . 
 when i was twelve , the bell family moved away for two years . 
 training for calliope . 
 and when they came back , the twins were different . 
 older . 
 calliope had blossomed into the beauty our neighborhood had expected . 
 confidence radiated from every pore , every squaring of her shoulders . 
 i was awed . 
 too intimidated to talk to her , but i chatted occasionally with cricket . 
 he was n't beautiful like his sister . 
 where the twins ' matching slenderness made calliope look ballet-esque , cricket looked gawky . 
 and he had acne and the peculiar habits of someone unused to socializing . 
 he talked too fast , too much . 
 but i enjoyed his company , and he appeared to enjoy mine . 
 we were on the verge of actual friendship when the bells moved again . 
 they returned only a few months later , on the first day of summer before my freshman year . 
 i would be turning fifteen that august , and the twins sixteen that september . 
 calliope looked exactly as she had before they left . 
 but , once again , cricket had changed . 
 lindsey and i were on my porch , licking cherry garcia in waffle cones , when a car pulled up next door and out stepped cricket bell as i 'd never seen him before-one beautifully long pinstriped leg after another . 
 something deep inside of me lurched . 
 the stirring was as startling and unpleasant as it was thrilling and revolutionary . 
 i already knew that this image-his legs , those pants-would be imprinted in my mind for the rest of my life . 
 the moment was that profound . 
 lindsey called out a sunny hello . 
 cricket looked up , disconcerted , and his eyes met mine . 
 that was it . 
 i was gone . 
 we held our gaze longer than the acceptable , normal amount of time before he shifted to lindsey and raised one hand in a quiet wave . 
 his family materialized from the car , everyone talking at once , and his attention jerked back to them . 
 but not without another glance toward me . 
 and then another , even quicker , before disappearing into the lavender victorian . 
 i took lindsey 's hand and gripped it tightly . 
 our fingers were sticky with ice cream . 
 she knew . 
 everything that needed to be said was spoken in the way i held on to her . 
 she smiled . 
 `` uh-oh . '' 
 verbal contact happened that same night . 
 the odd thing is that i no longer remember what i wore , but i know i chose it carefully , anticipating a meeting . 
 when i finally pulled aside my curtains , i was n't surprised to discover him standing before his window , staring into mine . 
 of course he was . 
 but he was taken aback by my appearance . 
 even his hair seemed more startled than usual . 
 `` i was ... getting some fresh air , '' i said . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 cricket nodded and added a great , exaggerated inhalation . 
 i 'm still not sure if it was a joke , but i laughed . 
 he gave me a nervous smile in return , which quickly broke into his fullwattage grin . 
 he 's never had any control over it . 
 up close , i saw that his acne had disappeared , and his face had grown older . 
 we stood there , smiling like fools . 
 what do you say to someone who is not the same and yet completely the same ? 
 had i changed , too , or had it just been him ? 
 cricket ducked away first . 
 some excuse about helping his mom unpack dishes . 
 i vowed to initiate a real conversation the next day , but ... his close proximity fizzled my brain , tied my tongue . 
 he did n't fare any better . 
 so we waved . 
 we 'd never waved through our windows before , but it was unavoidably clear that we were aware of each other 's presence . 
 so we were forced to acknowledge each other all day and all night , still having nothing to say but wanting to say everything . 
 it took weeks before this torturous situation changed . 
 betsy and i were leaving the house as he was strolling home , those pinstriped pants and his hair looking like it was trying to touch the sky . 
 we stopped shyly . 
 `` it 's nice to see you , '' he said . 
 `` outside . 
 instead of inside.you know . '' 
 i smiled so that he 'd know i knew . 
 `` i 'm taking her for a walk . 
 you would n't want to join - '' `` yes . '' '' 
 - us ? '' 
 my heart thrummed . 
 cricket looked away . 
 `` yeah , we could catch up . 
 should catch up . '' 
 i looked away , too , trying to control my blush . 
 `` do you need to drop that off ? '' 
 he was carrying a paper bag from the hardware store . 
 `` oh . 
 yeah . 
 hold on . '' 
 cricket shot up his stairs but then stopped halfway . 
 `` wait right there , '' he added . 
 he bounded inside and came back only seconds later . 
 he held out two blow pops . 
 `` it 's so lame , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` no , i love these ! '' 
 and then i did blush , for using the word love . 
 our tongues turned green-apple green , but we talked for so long that by the time we returned home , they were pink again . 
 the feeling inside of me grew . 
 we began bumping into each other at the same time every afternoon . 
 he 'd pretend to be running an errand , i 'd pretend to be surprised , and then he 'd join betsy and me on our walk . 
 one day , he did n't appear . 
 i paused before his house , disappointed , and looked up and down our street . 
 betsy strained forward on her leash . 
 the bells ' door burst open , and cricket flew down so quickly that he almost toppled into me . 
 i smiled . 
 `` you 're late . '' 
 `` you waited . '' 
 he wrung his hands . 
 we stopped pretending . 
 cricket defined the hours of my day . 
 the hour i opened my curtains-the same time he opened his-so that we could share a morning hello . 
 the hour i ate my lunch so that i could watch him eat his . 
 the hour i left my house for our walk . 
 the hour i called lindsey to dissect our walk . 
 and the hour after dinner when cricket and i chatted before closing our curtains again . 
 at night , i lay in bed and pictured him lying in his . 
 was he thinking about me , too ? 
 did he imagine sneaking into my bedroom like i imagined sneaking into his ? 
 if we were alone in the dark instead of daylight , would he find the courage to kiss me ? 
 i wanted him to kiss me . 
 he was the boy . 
 he was supposed to make the first move . 
 why was n't he making the first move ? 
 how long would i have to wait ? 
 these feverish thoughts kept me awake all summer . 
 i 'd rise in the morning , covered in sweat , with no recollection of when i 'd finally fallen asleep and no recollection of my dreams , apart from three words echoing in my head , in his voice . 
 i need you . 
 need . 
 what a powerful , frightening word . 
 it represented my feelings toward him , but every night , my dreams placed it inside his mouth . 
 i needed him to touch me . 
 i was obsessed with the way his hands never stopped moving . 
 the way he rubbed them together when he was excited , the way he sometimes could n't help but clap . 
 the way he had secret messages written on the back of his left . 
 and his fingers . 
 long , enthusiastic , wild , but i knew from watching him build his machines that they were also delicate , careful , precise . 
 i fantasized about those fingers . 
 and i was consumed by the way that whenever he spoke , his eyes twinkled as if it were the best day of his life . 
 and the way his whole body leaned toward mine when i spoke , a gesture that showed he was interested , he was listening . 
 no one had ever moved their body to face me like that . 
 the summer sprawled forward , each day more agonizing and wonderful than the last . 
 he began hanging out with lindsey and my parents , even with norah , when she was around . 
 he was entering my world . 
 but every time i tried to enter his , calliope was hostile . 
 cold . 
 sometimes she pretended that i was n't in the room , sometimes she 'd even leave while i was speaking . 
 this was the first time he 'd chosen someone over her , and she resented me for it . 
 i was stealing her best friend . 
 i was a threat . 
 rather than confront her , we retreated to the safety of my house . 
 but ... he still was n't making any moves . 
 lindsey supposed he was waiting for the right moment , something significant . 
 maybe my birthday . 
 his is exactly one month after mine , also on the twentieth , so he 'd always remembered . 
 that morning , i was heartened to see a sign taped to his glass : happy lola day ! 
 we 're the same age again ! 
 i leaned out my window . 
 `` for a month ! '' 
 he appeared with a smile , his hands rubbing together . 
 `` it 's a good month . '' 
 `` you 'll forget about me when you turn sixteen , '' i teased . 
 `` impossible . '' 
 his voice cracked on the word , and it shook my heart . 
 andy took over betsy 's afternoon walk so that we could have complete freedom . 
 cricket greeted me at the usual time , raising two pizza boxes over his head . 
 i was about to say i was still stuffed from lunch when ... `` are those empty or full ? '' 
 my question was sly . 
 i had a feeling this was n't about pizza . 
 he opened up a box and smiled . 
 `` empty . '' 
 `` i have n't been there in years ! '' 
 `` same here . 
 calliope and i were probably with you the last time i went . '' 
 we took off running down the hill , toward the park at the other end of our street-the one that barely counted because it was tiny and sandwiched between two houses-back up another hill , past the spray-painted sign warning no adults allowed unless accompanied by children , and to the top of the seward street slides . 
 `` oh god . '' 
 i had a jolt of terror . 
 `` were they always this steep ? '' 
 cricket unfolded the boxes and laid them long and greasy side down , one on each narrow concrete slide . 
 `` i claim left . '' 
 i sat down on my box . 
 `` sucks to be you . 
 the right side is faster . '' 
 `` no way ! 
 the left side always wins . '' 
 `` says the guy who has n't been here since he was six . 
 keep your arms tucked in . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` there 's no way i 've forgotten those scrapes and burns . '' 
 on the count of three , we took off . 
 the slides are short and fast , and we flew to the bottom , holding in our screams so as not to disturb the seward witch , the mean old lady who shouted obscenities at people enjoying themselves too loudly and just another reason why the slides were so much fun . 
 cricket 's feet flew off first , followed quickly by his bottom . 
 he hit the ground with a smack that had us rolling with laughter . 
 `` i think my ass is actually smoking , '' he said . 
 i bit down the obvious comment , that his pants had made this fact abundantly clear in june . 
 we stayed for half an hour , sharing the slides with two guys in their twenties who were high and a playgroup of moms and preschoolers . 
 we were waiting behind the moms , about to go down for the last time , when i heard snickering . 
 i looked over my shoulder and discovered the arrival of three girls from school . 
 my heart sank . 
 `` nice dress , '' marta velazquez said . 
 `` is it your mommy 's ? '' 
 i was wearing a vintage polka-dot swing dress-two sizes too large that i 'd tightened with safety pins-over a longsleeved striped shirt and jeans rolled greaser-style . 
 i wanted to look pretty for my birthday . 
 i no longer felt pretty . 
 cricket turned around , confused . 
 and then ... he did something that changed everything . 
 he stepped deliberately in front of them and blocked my view . 
 `` do n't listen to them . 
 i like how you dress . '' 
 he liked me just as i was . 
 i sat down quietly on my pizza box . 
 `` it 's our turn . '' 
 but what i ached to say was , i need you . 
 on the walk home , he had me joking and laughing about the people who 'd tormented me for years . 
 i finally realized how absurd it was that i 'd worried so much about what my classmates thought about me . 
 it 's not like i wanted to look like them . 
 `` cricket ! '' 
 andy said , when he saw us approaching . 
 `` you 're coming over for the birthday dinner , right ? '' 
 i looked at cricket hopefully . 
 he put his hands in his pockets . 
 `` sure . '' 
 it was simple and perfect . 
 my only guests were nathan , andy , lindsey , and cricket . 
 we ate margherita pizza , followed by an extravagant cake shaped like a crown . 
 i ate the first piece , cricket ate the biggest . 
 afterward , i walked my friends outside . 
 lindsey gave me a nudge in the back and disappeared . 
 cricket shuffled his feet . 
 `` i 'm not great with gifts . '' 
 my heart leaped . 
 but instead of a kiss , he removed a fistful of watch parts and candy wrappers from his pocket . 
 cricket sifted through the pile until he found a soda-bottle cap , metallic pink . 
 he held it up . 
 `` your first . '' 
 perhaps most girls would 've been disappointed , but i am not most girls . 
 we 'd recently seen a belt made out of bottle caps in a store window , and i 'd said that i wanted to make one . 
 `` you remembered ! '' 
 cricket smiled in relief . 
 `` i thought it was a good one . 
 colorful . '' 
 and as he placed it in my open palm , i reread the message scrawled onto the back of his hand for the hundredth time that day : fuse now . 
 this was the moment . 
 i gripped the cap and stepped forward . 
 his breathing quickened . 
 so did mine . 
 `` you promised you 'd be there ! '' 
 we jumped apart . 
 calliope was on the porch next door , seemingly on the verge of tears . 
 `` i needed you , and you were n't there . '' 
 an unmistakable flash of panic in his eyes . 
 `` oh god , cal . 
 i ca n't believe i forgot . '' 
 she was wearing a delicate cardigan , but the way she crossed her arms was anything but soft . 
 `` you 've been forgetting a lot of things lately . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it slipped my mind , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 he tried to shake the wrappers and watch parts back into his pocket , but they spilled onto my porch . 
 `` smooth , cricket . '' 
 she looked at me and scowled . 
 `` i do n't know why you 're wasting your time . '' 
 but she was still talking to him . 
 `` thanks for dinner , '' he mumbled , shoving everything back into his pockets . 
 `` happy birthday . '' 
 he left without looking at me . 
 from their porch , calliope was still glaring . 
 i felt slapped in the face . 
 ashamed . 
 i did n't have anything to be ashamed about , but she had that effect . 
 if she wanted you to feel something , you would . 
 later , cricket told me that he was supposed to have gone to some meeting . 
 he was vague about it . 
 after that , it was as if we 'd taken a small step backward . 
 we started school . 
 he hung out with lindsey and me , while calliope made new friends . 
 there was a quiet tension between the twins . 
 cricket did n't talk about it , but i knew he was upset . 
 one friday after school , he showed me a video of the swiss jolly ball-a mechanical wonder he 'd seen while visiting a museum in chicago . 
 i had n't been inside his house since calliope 's icy behavior at the beginning of summer . 
 i 'd hoped this was an excuse to go into his bedroom , but his laptop was in the living room . 
 he sat on one side of a love seat , leaving space to sit beside him . 
 was it an invitation ? 
 or a gesture of kindness , in that he was offering me the room 's larger couch ? 
 why was this so hard ? 
 i took a chance and sat beside him . 
 cricket pulled up the video , and i scooted closer , under the guise of seeing it better . 
 i could n't concentrate , but as the machine 's silver ball shot through tunnels , set off whistles , and zoomed across tracks , i laughed in delight anyway . 
 i inched closer until i was in the dip between the cushions . 
 i smelled the faintest twinge of his sweat , but it was n't bad . 
 it was very far from bad . 
 and then the side of my hand brushed the side of his , and my heart collapsed . 
 he was very still . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` are you doing anything special for your birthday tomorrow ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he moved his hand into his lap , flustered . 
 `` nothing . 
 i 'm not doing anything . '' 
 `` okay ... '' i stared at his hand . 
 `` actually , calliope has some skating thing . 
 so it 'll be another afternoon of bad rink food , skating vendors , and squealing girls . '' 
 was that an excuse to avoid me ? 
 had i been wrong this whole time ? 
 i went home upset and called lindsey . 
 `` no way , '' she said . 
 `` he likes you . '' 
 `` you did n't see him . 
 he 's been acting so weird and cagey . '' 
 but the next morning , i met up with lindsey to find a present for him . 
 i was n't ready to give up . 
 i could n't give up . 
 i knew he needed an obscurely sized wrench for a project , and i also knew he was having trouble finding it online . 
 we spent the entire day hunting the city 's specialty shops , and as i walked home that night so proud of procuring one , i felt a nervous hope again . 
 and then i saw it . 
 a party in full swing . 
 the bell house was loud and packed , and there were strings of tiki lights hanging in their bay windows . 
 this was n't a party that happened at the last second . 
 it was a planned party . 
 a planned party that i had not been invited to . 
 i froze there , devastated , holding the tiny wrench and taking in the spectacle . 
 a pack of girls rushed past me and up the stairs . 
 how had the twins made so many new friends so quickly ? 
 the girls knocked on the door , and calliope opened it and greeted them with happy laughter . 
 they moved past her and into the house . 
 and that 's when she saw me , staring up from the sidewalk . 
 she paused , and then made a face . 
 `` so what ? 
 too good for our party ? '' 
 `` wh-what ? '' 
 `` you know , after spending so much time with my brother , it seems like the least you could do is pop your head in and wish him a happy birthday . '' 
 my mind reeled . 
 `` i was n't invited . '' 
 calliope 's expression changed to surprise . 
 `` but cricket said you could n't come . '' 
 explosion . 
 pain . 
 `` i ... he did n't ask . 
 no . '' 
 `` huh . '' 
 she eyed me nervously . 
 `` well . 
 bye . '' 
 the lavender door slammed shut . 
 i stared at it , burning with hurt and humiliation . 
 why did n't he want me at his party ? 
 i stumbled inside my house , yanked my curtains closed , and burst into racking sobs . 
 what happened ? 
 what was wrong with me ? 
 why did n't he like me anymore ? 
 his light turned on at midnight . 
 he called my name . 
 i tried to focus on the catastrophic blow inside my chest . 
 he called my name again . 
 i wanted to ignore him , but how could i ? 
 i opened my window . 
 cricket stared at his feet . 
 `` so , um , what did you do tonight ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 my voice was curt as i threw back his own words . 
 `` i did n't do anything . '' 
 he looked upset . 
 it only made me despise him more , for trying to make me feel guilty . 
 `` good night . '' 
 i started to close my window . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 he yanked at his hair , pulling it taller . 
 `` i-i just found out that i 'm moving . '' 
 it felt as if i 'd been knocked in the skull . 
 i blinked , startled to discover fresh tears . 
 `` you 're leaving ? 
 again ? '' 
 `` monday . '' 
 `` two days from now ? '' 
 why could n't i stop crying ? 
 i was such an idiot ! 
 `` calliope is going back to her last coach . '' 
 he sounded helpless . 
 `` it 's not working out here . '' 
 `` is everything not working out here ? '' 
 i blurted . 
 `` there 's nothing you want to say to me before you leave ? '' 
 cricket 's mouth parted , but it remained silent . 
 his difficult equation face . 
 a full minute passed , maybe two . 
 `` at least we have that in common , '' i finally said . 
 `` there 's nothing i want to say to you either . '' 
 and i slammed my window closed . 
 chapter seven he was doing it right there in the open ! '' 
 i say . 
 `` i 'm serious , charlie was admiring your derriere in chemistry . '' 
 lindsey brushes it off . 
 `` even if he was , which i sincerely doubt , you know my policy . 
 no guys - '' `` until graduation . 
 i just thought that since it was charlie ... and since his eyes did follow you across the room ... '' `` no . '' 
 and she takes a ferocious bite of her almond-butterand-jelly sandwich to end the conversation . 
 i hold up my hands in a gesture of peace . 
 i know better than to keep arguing , even if she has had a silent crush on charlie harrison-ming ever since he won twice as many points as her in last year 's quiz bowl . 
 our first week as juniors at harvey milk memorial high has been as expected . 
 the same boring classes , the same nasty mean girls , and the same perverted jerks . 
 at least lindsey and i have lunch together . 
 that helps . 
 `` hey , cleopatra . 
 wan na take a ride down my nile ? '' 
 speaking of jerks . 
 gregory figson bumps knuckles with a muscled friend . 
 i 'm wearing a long black wig with straight bangs , a white dress i made from a bedsheet , chunky golden jewelry , and-of course-ancient egyptian eyes drawn in kohl . 
 `` no , '' i say flatly . 
 gregory grabs his chest with both hands . 
 `` nice pyramids , '' he says , and they swagger away , laughing . 
 `` just when i thought he could n't get any more disgusting . '' 
 i set down my veggie burger , appetite eliminated . 
 `` and as if i needed another reason to wait , '' lindsey says . 
 `` high school boys are morons . '' 
 `` which is why i do n't date high school boys . 
 i date men . '' 
 lindsey rolls her eyes . 
 her main reason for waiting to date is that she believes it 'll get in the way of her agenda . 
 agenda is her term , not mine . 
 she thinks guys are a distraction from her educational goals , so she does n't want to date until she 's firmly settled in post-high-school life . 
 i respect her decision , even though i 'd rather wear sweatpants in public than give up my boyfriend . 
 or give up my first opportunity to attend the winter formal . 
 it 's for upperclassmen only , and it 's still months away , but i 'm thrilled about my marie antoinette dress , which i 've already started collecting materials for . 
 shimmering silk dupioni and crisp taffeta . 
 smooth satin ribbon . 
 delicate ostrich feathers and ornate crystal jewelry . 
 i 've never attempted a project this complex , this huge , and it 'll take my entire autumn to create . 
 i decide to begin when i get home . 
 it 's friday , and for once i do n't have to work . 
 also , amphetamine is playing in a club tonight that does n't accept anyone under twenty-one . 
 and wo n't allow max to sneak me in . 
 from everything i 've read online , i need to start with the undergarments . 
 i 've already bought a ton of fabric for the dress , but the costume still has to be built from the inside out so that when i take the measurements for the actual gown , i can take them over the bulky stays -lrb- an eighteenth-century word for corset -rrb- and the giant panniers -lrb- the oval-shaped hoop skirts marie and her ladies wore -rrb- . 
 i search for hours for instructions on making historically accurate panniers and come up with zilch . 
 unless i want to make them with hula hoops , and i do n't , i 'll have to go to the library for more research . 
 searching for stays brings more success . 
 the diagrams and instructions are overwhelming , but i print out several pages and begin taking measurements and creating a pattern . 
 i 've been sewing for three years , and i 'm pretty decent . 
 i started with the small stuff , like everyone does-hemming , a-line skirts , pillowcases - but quickly moved on to bigger items , each more complex than the last . 
 i 'm not interested in making what 's easy . 
 i 'm interested in making what 's beautiful . 
 i lose myself in the process : tracing out patterns on tissue paper , fitting them together , retracing , and refitting . 
 nonsewers do n't realize how much problem solving goes into garment making , and beginners often quit in frustration . 
 but i enjoy the puzzle . 
 if i looked at this dress as one massive thing , it would be too overwhelming . 
 no one could create such a gown . 
 but by breaking it into tiny , individual steps , it becomes something i can achieve . 
 when my room finally grows too dark , i 'm forced to rise from the floor and plug in my twinkle lights . 
 i stretch my sore muscles and stare at my window . 
 will he come home this weekend ? 
 the idea fills me with unease . 
 i do n't understand why he 's been asking andy and st. clair questions about me . 
 there are only three possible solutions , each more improbable than the last . 
 maybe he 's not making friends at school and , for some twisted reason , has decided i 'd make a decent pall again . 
 i mean , he 's come home for the last two weekends . 
 obviously no one is interesting enough to keep him in berkeley . 
 or maybe he feels bad about how things ended between us , and he 's trying to make up for it . 
 clear his conscience . 
 or ... maybe ... he likes me . 
 in that other way . 
 i was fine before he came back , perfectly happy without this complication . 
 it would 've been better if he 'd ignored me . 
 calliope and i have n't talked yet ; there 's no reason why cricket and i should have to either . 
 i drift toward my window , and i 'm surprised to discover striped curtains hanging in his room . 
 and then his light turns on . 
 i yank my curtains closed . 
 my heart pounds as i back against the wall . 
 through the gap between curtain fabrics , i watch a silhouette that is undeniably cricket bell toss two bags to his floor-one shoulder bag and one laundry bag . 
 he moves toward our windows , and dread lurches inside of me . 
 what if he calls my name ? 
 there 's a sudden brightness as he pulls back his own curtains . 
 his body changes from a dark shadow into a fully fleshed human . 
 i slink back farther . 
 he pauses there , and then startles as another figure enters his room . 
 i can barely hear the sound of a girl talking . 
 calliope . 
 i ca n't hide forever . 
 my curtains are thick , and i need to trust them . 
 i take a deep breath and step away , but i trip backward over my project and tear a pattern . 
 i curse . 
 laughter comes from next door , and for one panicked second , i think they 've witnessed my clumsy maneuver . 
 but it 's paranoia talking . 
 whatever they 're laughing about has nothing to do with me . 
 i hate that they can still get to me like that . 
 i know what i need . 
 i call him , and he picks up just before his voice mail . 
 `` hey , '' max says . 
 `` hi ! 
 how is it tonight ? 
 when are you guys going on ? '' 
 the club is loud , and i ca n't hear his response . 
 `` what ? '' '' 
 -lsb- muffle muffle -rsb- after eleven -lsb- muffle -rsb- . '' 
 `` oh . 
 okay . '' 
 i do n't have anything to add . 
 `` i miss you . '' '' 
 -lsb- muffle muffle muffle . 
 muffle . -rsb- '' 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm sorry , i ca n't hear you ! '' '' 
 -lsb- muffle muffle -rsb- bad time -lsb- muffle -rsb- . '' 
 i assume he 's saying he has to go . 
 `` okay ! 
 i 'll see you tomorrow ! 
 bye ! '' 
 a click on the other end , and he 's gone . 
 i should have texted him . 
 but i do n't want to now , because i do n't want to bother him . 
 he does n't like talking before shows . 
 the call leaves me feeling more cold than comforted . 
 the laughter continues next door , and i resist the urge to throw my sewing shears at cricket 's window to make them shut up . 
 my phone rings , and i answer eagerly . 
 `` max ! '' 
 `` i need you to tell nathan to come get me . '' 
 not max . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 i 'm already hustling downstairs . 
 nathan is crashed in front of the television , eyes half closed , watching antiques roadshow with heavens to betsy . 
 `` why ca n't you tell him yourself ? '' 
 `` because he 's gon na be pissed , and i ca n't deal with pissed right now . '' 
 the voice is cranky and exhausted . 
 i stop dead in my tracks . 
 `` not again . '' 
 `` landlord changed my locks , so i was forced to break into my apartment . 
 my own apartment . 
 they 're calling it an incident . '' 
 `` incident ? '' 
 i ask , and dad 's eyes pop open . 
 i thrust out my phone to him without waiting for a response , disgusted . 
 `` norah needs you to bail her out . '' 
 nathan swears and grabs my cell . 
 `` where are you ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 he pulls answers from her as he collects his car keys and throws on his shoes . 
 `` i 'm taking your phone , okay ? '' 
 he says to me . 
 `` tell andy where i 'm going . '' 
 and he 's out the door . 
 this is not the first time my birth mother has called us from a police station . 
 norah has a long record , and it 's always for stupid things like shoplifting organic frozen enchiladas or refusing to pay fines from the transit authority . 
 when i was young , the charges were usually public intoxication or disorderly conduct . 
 and believe me , a person has to be pretty darn intoxicated or disorderly to get arrested in this city . 
 andy takes the news silently . 
 our relationship with norah is hard on everyone , but perhaps it 's hardest on him . 
 she 's neither his sister nor his mother . 
 i know a part of him wishes we could ditch her entirely . 
 a part of me wishes that , too . 
 when i was little , the bell twins asked me why i did n't have a mom . 
 i told them that she was the princess of pakistan-i 'd overheard the name on the news and thought it sounded pretty - and she gave me to my parents , because i was a secret baby with the palace gardener , and her husband , the evil prince , would kill us if he knew i existed . 
 `` so you 're a princess ? '' 
 calliope asked . 
 `` no . 
 my mom is a princess . '' 
 `` that means you 're a princess , too , '' cricket said , awed . 
 calliope narrowed her eyes . 
 `` she 's not a princess . 
 there 's no such thing as evil princes or pakistan . '' 
 `` there is , too ! 
 and i am ! '' 
 but i still remember the hot rush of blood i felt when they came back later that afternoon , and i realized i 'd been caught . 
 calliope crossed her arms . 
 `` we know the truth . 
 our parents told us . '' 
 `` does your mom really not have a house ? '' 
 cricket asked . 
 `` is that why you ca n't live with her ? '' 
 it was one of the most shameful moments of my childhood . 
 so when my classmates began asking , i kept it simple : `` i do n't know who she is . 
 i 've never met her . '' 
 i became a regular adoption story , a boring one . 
 having two fathers is n't an issue here . 
 but a few years ago , cricket and i were watching television when he turned to me and unexpectedly asked , `` why do you pretend like you do n't have a mom ? '' 
 i squirmed . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 cricket was messing with a paper clip , bending it into a complicated shape . 
 `` i mean , she 's okay now . 
 right ? '' 
 he meant sober , and she had been for a year . 
 but she was still norah . 
 i just looked at him . 
 and i could see him remembering the past . 
 the bells had heard my screaming birth mother for years , whenever she 'd show up wasted and unannounced . 
 he lowered his eyes and dropped the subject . 
 i 'm grateful that my genetics do n't bother max . 
 his father is a mean drunk who lives in a dangerous neighborhood of oakland , and he does n't even know where his mother lives . 
 if anything , norah makes my relationship with max stronger . 
 we understand each other . 
 i leave andy and head back upstairs . 
 through my window , i notice calliope has left cricket 's bedroom . 
 he 's pacing . 
 my torn pattern mocks me . 
 the sumptuous , pale blue fabrics stacked on my sewing table have lost their luster . 
 i touch them gently . 
 they 're still soft . 
 they still hold the promise of something better . 
 i 'm determined to make up for last night . 
 `` today is all about sparkling . '' 
 heavens to betsy cocks her head , listening but not understanding . 
 i place a rhinestone barrette in my pale pink wig . 
 i 'm also wearing a sequined prom gown that i 've altered into a minidress , a jean jacket covered in david bowie pins , and glittery false eyelashes . 
 i scratch behind betsy 's ears , and then she trots behind me out of my room . 
 we run into andy on the stairs , carrying up a basket of clean laundry . 
 `` my eyes ! '' 
 he says . 
 `` the glare ! '' 
 `` tres funny . '' 
 `` you look like a disco ball . '' 
 i smile and push past . 
 `` i 'll take that as a compliment . '' 
 `` when is max bringing you home ? '' 
 `` later ! '' 
 nathan is waiting at the bottom . 
 `` when , dolores ? 
 a specific time would be helpful . '' 
 `` your hair is doing the swoopy thing . '' 
 i set down my purse to fix it . 
 nathan and i have the same hair-thick , medium brown , and with a strange wave in the front that never behaves . 
 no one ever doubts that nathan and i are related . 
 we also share the same wide brown eyes and childish grin . 
 when we allow ourselves to grin . 
 andy is more slender than nathan and keeps his prematurely gray hair cropped short . 
 still , despite his hair and despite his additional nine years on this planet , everyone thinks andy is younger because he 's the one who 's always smiling . 
 and he wears funny t - shirts . 
 `` when ? '' 
 nathan repeats . 
 `` um , four hours ? '' 
 `` that 's five-thirty . 
 i 'll expect you home no later . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` yes , dad . '' 
 `` and three phone-call check-ins . '' 
 `` yes , dad . '' 
 i do n't know what i did to deserve the world 's strictest parents . 
 i must have been seriously hardcore evil in a past life . 
 it 's not like i 'm norah . 
 nathan did n't get home until after midnight . 
 apparently , her lock was changed because she has n't been paying rent , and she caused a scene by smashing in her front window with a neighbor 's deck chair to get back inside . 
 nathan is going to visit her landlord today to discuss back payments . 
 and that whole broken window situation . 
 `` all right , then . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` have a good time . 
 do n't do anything i would n't do . '' 
 i hear andy as i 'm walking out the front door . 
 `` honey , that threat does n't work when you 're gay . '' 
 i laugh all the way down to the sidewalk . 
 my heavy boots , tattooed with swirls of pink glitter to match my wig , leave a trail of fairy dust as i tramp . 
 `` you 're like a shooting star , '' a voice calls from the porch next door . 
 `` sparkly . '' 
 my cheer is immediately rendered null and void . 
 cricket leaps down his stairs and joins me on the sidewalk . 
 `` going somewhere special ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` you look nice . 
 sparkly . 
 i already said that , did n't i ? '' 
 `` you did , thanks . 
 and i 'm just going out for a few hours . '' 
 it 's not like he 's earned full truths or explanations . 
 of course , now i feel ashamed for thinking that , so i add with a shrug , `` i might hit up amoeba records later . '' 
 why does he make me feel guilty ? 
 i 'm not doing anything wrong . 
 i do n't owe him anything . 
 i shake my head-more at myself than at him-and move toward the bus stop . 
 `` see ya , '' i say . 
 i 'm meeting max in the upper haight . 
 he ca n't take me , because he 's picking up a surprise first . 
 a surprise . 
 i have no idea what it is ; it could be a gumball for all i care . 
 the fact that i have a boyfriend who brings me surprises is enough . 
 i feel cricket 's stare . 
 a pressure against the back of my neck . 
 truthfully , i wonder why he 's not following me . 
 i turn around . 
 `` what are you doing today ? '' 
 he closes the distance between us in three steps . 
 `` i 'm not doing anything . '' 
 i 'm uncomfortable again . 
 `` oh . '' 
 he scratches his cheek , and the writing on his hand instructs him to carpe diem . 
 seize the day . 
 `` i mean , i have some homework . 
 but it wo n't take long . 
 only an hour . 
 two at the most . '' 
 `` right . 
 homework . '' 
 i 'm about to say something else equally awkward when i hear the grunt of my approaching bus . 
 `` that 's me ! '' 
 i sprint away . 
 cricket shouts something , but i ca n't hear it over the blast of exhaust as the bus sags against the curb . 
 i grab a seat next to a bony woman in a paisley smock reading the tibetan book of the dead . 
 i glance out the window . 
 he 's still watching me . 
 our eyes lock , and this time , his smile is shy . 
 for some reason ... it makes me smile back . 
 `` ooo , '' the woman beside me says . 
 `` you 're sparkly . '' 
 chapter eight i should 've wished for the gumball . 
 `` it 'll be great for gigs , '' max says , with more animation than usual . 
 `` you know how bad it was , loading our stuff into three separate cars . 
 the parking in this city , for one thing . 
 impossible . '' 
 `` excellent ! 
 right ! 
 exactly ! '' 
 it 's a van . 
 max bought a van . 
 it 's big , and it 's white , and it 's a van . 
 as in , it 's not a '64 chevy impala . 
 as in , my boyfriend traded in his car to buy a van . 
 he walks around it , admiring its ... what ? 
 wide expanse ? 
 `` you know we 've wanted to tour the coast . 
 craig knows some guys in portland , johnny knows some guys in ll.a . 
 this is what we needed . 
 we can do it now . '' 
 `` touring ! 
 wow ! 
 great ! '' 
 touring . 
 extended periods of time without max . 
 sultry , slinky women in other cities flirting with my boyfriend , reminding him of my inexperience . 
 touring . 
 max stops . 
 `` lola . '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 `` you 're doing the girl thing . 
 saying you 're happy , when you 're not . '' 
 he crosses his arms . 
 the spiderwebs tattooed onto his elbows point at me accusingly . 
 `` i 'm happy . '' 
 `` you 're pissed , because you think when i leave , i 'll meet someone . 
 someone older . '' 
 `` i 'm not angry . '' 
 i 'm worried . 
 and how much do i hate that we 've had this conversation before , so he knows exactly what i 'm thinking ? 
 `` i 'm ... surprised . 
 i just liked your old car , that 's all . 
 but this is good , too . '' 
 he raises a single brow . 
 `` you liked my car ? '' 
 `` i loved your car . '' 
 `` you know . '' 
 max backs me into its side . 
 the metal is cool against my spine . 
 `` vans are good for other things . '' 
 `` other things ? '' 
 `` other things . '' 
 okay . 
 maybe this whole van situation is n't a complete loss . 
 my hands are in his yellow-white bleached hair , and our lips are smashed against each other , when there 's a loud , rude `` got any change , man ? '' 
 we break apart to find a guy in head-to-toe dirty patchwork corduroy glaring at us . 
 `` sorry , '' i say . 
 `` no need to be sorry . '' 
 he glowers at me underneath his white-boy dreadlocks . 
 `` i 'm only f ** king starving . '' 
 `` asshole , '' max shouts as the guy slumps off . 
 san francisco is positively crawling with homeless . 
 i ca n't walk from home to school without running into a dozen . 
 they make me uneasy , because they 're a constant reminder of my origins , but usually i can ignore them . 
 look past them . 
 otherwise ... it 's too exhausting . 
 but in the haight , the homeless are passive-aggressive jerks . 
 i do n't like coming here , but max has friends who work in the overpriced vintage clothing boutiques , head shops , bookstores , and burrito joints . 
 despite the psychedelic graffiti and the bohemian window displays , haight street-once the mecca of sixties free love-is undeniably rougher and dirtier than the rest of the city . 
 `` hey . 
 forget that guy , '' max says . 
 he sees that i need cheering , so he leads me to the falafel place where we had our first date . 
 afterward , we wander into a drag shop to try on wigs . 
 he laughs as i pose in an absurd purple beehive . 
 i love his laugh . 
 it 's rare , so whenever i hear it , i know i 've earned it . 
 he even lets me put one on his head , a blond marilyn . 
 `` wait till johnny and craig see you , '' i say , referring to his bandmates . 
 `` i 'll tell them i decided to grow it out . '' 
 `` rogaine works , '' i say in my best max voice . 
 `` is that another old man joke ? '' 
 max laughs again as he tosses back my pale pink wig . 
 `` we should go . 
 i told johnny i 'd meet him at three-thirty . '' 
 i tuck my real hair underneath it . 
 `` because you do n't see him enough at home . '' 
 `` you rarely see him , '' max says . 
 johnny ocampo-amphetamine 's drummer , max 's roommate - works at amoeba records , the one thing i do love about this neighborhood . 
 amoeba is a vast concrete haven of rare vinyl , band posters , and endless rows of cds in color-coded genre tabs . 
 there 's still something to be said for music you can hold in your hands . 
 `` i was only teasing . 
 besides , '' i add , `` you never hang out with lindsey . '' 
 `` come on , lo . 
 she 's nosy and immature . 
 it 's weird between us . '' 
 his words are true , but ... ouch . 
 sometimes lying is the polite thing to do . 
 i frown . 
 `` she 's my best friend . '' 
 `` i 'd just rather spend time with you . '' 
 max takes my hand . 
 `` alone . '' 
 we 're quiet as we enter amoeba . 
 johnny , a pudgy but muscled filipino , is in his usual place behind the information desk , which is raised as if the guys behind it hold the end-all truth about good musical taste and knowledge . 
 johnny and max exchange jerks of the head in acknowledgment as johnny finishes up with a customer . 
 i wave hello to johnny and disappear into the merchandise . 
 i listen mainly to rock , but i browse everything , because i never know when i 'll discover something that i did n't know i liked . 
 hip-hop , classical , reggae , punk , opera , electronica . 
 nothing grabs my attention today , so i wander over to rock . 
 i 'm browsing the ps and qs , when the small , invisible hairs on the back of my neck rise . 
 i look up . 
 and there he is . 
 cricket bell is standing front and center , searching for something . 
 someone . 
 and then his gaze locks onto mine , and his face alights like the stars . 
 he smiles-a full smile that reaches all the way to his eyes-and it 's sweet and pure and hopeful . 
 and i know what is about to happen . 
 my palms break into a sweat . 
 do n't say it . 
 oh , please god , do n't say it . 
 but this traitorous prayer follows : say it . 
 say it . 
 cricket weaves easily around the other customers as if we 're the only two people in the store . 
 the music over the loudspeakers changes from a sparse pop song into a swelling rock symphony . 
 my heart pounds faster and faster . 
 how badly i once wished for this moment . 
 how badly i wish it would end now . 
 how badly i wish it would continue . 
 he stops before me , tugging at his bracelets . 
 `` i-i hoped i 'd find you here . '' 
 blood rushes to my cheeks . 
 no . 
 this feeling is n't real . 
 it 's an old emotion , stirred up to torment and confuse me . 
 i hate that . 
 i hate him ! 
 but it 's like i only hate cricket because i do n't hate cricket . 
 i cut my eyes away , down to the phoenix album in my hands . 
 `` i told you i was coming . '' 
 `` i know . 
 and i could n't wait any longer , i have to tell you - '' the panic rises , and i grip the french band tighter . 
 `` cricket , please - '' but his words pour forth in a torrent . 
 `` i ca n't stop thinking about you , and i 'm not the guy i used to be , i 've changed - '' `` cricket - '' i look back up , feeling faint . 
 his blue eyes are bright . 
 sincere . 
 desperate . 
 `` go out with me tonight . 
 tomorrow night , every ni - '' the word cuts off in his throat as he sees something behind me . 
 cigarettes and spearmint . 
 i want to die . 
 `` this is max . 
 my boyfriend . 
 max , this is cricket bell . '' 
 max jerks his head in a small nod . 
 he heard everything , there 's no way he did n't . 
 `` cricket is my neighbor . '' 
 i turn to max . 
 `` was my neighbor . 
 sort of is again . '' 
 my boyfriend squints , almost imperceptibly , as his mind sorts this information . 
 it 's the exact opposite of cricket , who is at a complete loss to hide his emotions . 
 his face is stricken , and he 's backing up . 
 i doubt he even realizes he 's doing it . 
 max 's expression changes again , just slightly . 
 he 's figured out who cricket is . 
 he knows cricket bell must be related to calliope bell . 
 and he knows that i 've purposely excluded him from our conversations . 
 max places an arm around my shoulders . 
 the gesture probably looks casual to cricket , but max 's muscles are strained . 
 he 's jealous . 
 the thought should make me happy , but i only see cricket 's embarrassment . 
 i wish i did n't care what he thought . 
 does this mean we 're even ? 
 is this what being even feels like ? 
 the air between us is as thick as bay fog . 
 i have to act , so i give cricket a warm smile . 
 `` it was nice running into you . 
 see you later , okay ? '' 
 and then i lead max away . 
 i can tell my boyfriend wants to say something , but as usual , he 's keeping his thoughts to himself until they 're formed in the exact way he wants them . 
 we walk stiffly , hand in hand , past his friend at the information desk . 
 i do n't want to look back , but i ca n't help it . 
 he 's staring at me . 
 staring through me . 
 for the first time ever , cricket bell looks small . 
 he 's disappearing right before my eyes . 
 chapter nine it 's embarrassing to admit , but whenever max and i are on a date , i want to stay out longer , walk farther , talk louder , so more people will see us together . 
 i want to run into every classmate who 's ever teased me for wearing pointed elf shoes or beaded moccasins , because i know they 'll take one look at max with his dark eyebrows , inked arms , and bad attitude and know that i 'm doing something right . 
 usually , i 'm bursting with pride . 
 but as we trudge back to his new van , i do n't notice the face of anyone we pass . 
 because cricket bell asked me out . 
 cricket bell asked me out . 
 what am i supposed to do with that information ? 
 max unlocks the passenger-side door and holds it open for me . 
 neither of us has spoken since we left amoeba . 
 i mumble a thanks and get in . 
 he climbs in the driver 's side , turns the key in the ignition , and then says , `` i do n't like him . '' 
 the flatness of his tone makes my stomach turn . 
 `` cricket ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` i just do n't . '' 
 i ca n't reply . 
 i do n't know what i 'd say . 
 he does n't break the silence again until we pass the castro theatre 's landmark neon sign , only blocks from my house . 
 `` why did n't you tell me about him ? '' 
 i look at my hands . 
 `` he 's not important . '' 
 max waits , jaw tense . 
 `` he just hurt me , that 's all . 
 it was a long time ago . 
 i do n't like talking about him . '' 
 he turns to me , struggling to stay calm . 
 `` he hurt you ? '' 
 i sink into my seat , wanting anything but this conversation . 
 `` no . 
 not like that . 
 we used to be friends , and we had a falling-out , and now he 's back , and i 'm running into him everywhere - '' `` you 've run into him before . '' 
 he 's staring at the road again . 
 his knuckles tighten on the steering wheel . 
 `` just ... in the neighborhood . 
 he 's not important , okay , max ? '' 
 `` seems like a glaring omission to me . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` cricket means nothing to me , i swear . '' 
 `` he wants to take you out every night , and you expect me to believe there 's nothing going on ? '' 
 `` there 's not ! '' 
 the van jerks to a halt in front of my house , and max pounds on the steering wheel . 
 `` tell me the truth , lola ! 
 why ca n't you tell me the truth for once ? '' 
 my eyes sting with tears . 
 `` i am telling the truth . '' 
 he stares at me . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i 'm getting desperate . 
 he has to believe me . 
 `` i do n't love him , i do n't even like him ! 
 i love you . '' 
 max closes his eyes for what feels like an eternity . 
 the muscles in his neck are tense and rigid . 
 at last , they relax . 
 he opens his eyes again . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i love you , too . '' 
 `` and you believe me ? '' 
 my voice is tiny . 
 he tilts my chin toward his and answers me with a kiss . 
 his lips press hard against mine . 
 i push back even harder against his . 
 when we break apart , he looks deep into my eyes . 
 `` i believe you . '' 
 max speeds away in his van , the misfits blasting in a musical cloud of dust behind him . 
 i slump . 
 so much for my day off . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 i startle at the sharp voice behind me . 
 and then i turn to face her for the first time in two years . 
 her dark hair is pulled back into a tight ponytail , and she 's wearing warm-up clothes.yet she still manages to look more beautiful than i ever will . 
 `` hey , calliope . '' 
 she stares at me as if to say , why have n't you answered my question ? 
 `` that was my boyfriend . '' 
 calliope looks surprised . 
 `` interesting , '' she says , after a moment . 
 and i can tell she is , in fact , interested . 
 `` did my brother find you ? 
 he went out looking for you . '' 
 `` he did . '' 
 i speak the words cautiously . 
 she 's waiting for more , but i 'm not giving it to her . 
 i do n't even know what more would be . 
 `` nice seeing you again . '' 
 i move toward the stairs . 
 i 'm halfway to my front door when she says , `` you look different . '' 
 `` and you look the same . '' 
 i shut the door , and nathan is waiting on the other side . 
 `` you did n't call . '' 
 oh , no . 
 he 's furious . 
 `` you were supposed to check in over an hour ago . 
 i called five times , and it went straight to your voice mail . 
 where have you been ? '' 
 `` i forgot . 
 i 'm sorry , dad , i forgot . '' 
 `` was that max 's van ? 
 did he get a new car ? '' 
 `` you were watching ? '' 
 `` i was worried , lola . '' 
 `` so you decided to spy on me ? '' 
 `` do you know why guys buy vans ? 
 do you ? '' 
 `` to hold their guitars and drums ? 
 to go on tour ? '' 
 i storm past him , upstairs and into my bedroom . 
 my dad pounds up the stairs behind me . 
 `` this conversation is n't over . 
 we have an agreement when you go out with max . 
 you check in with us . '' 
 `` what do you think will happen ? 
 why do n't you trust me ? '' 
 i rip off the pink wig and throw it across my room . 
 `` i 'm not getting drunk or doing drugs or breaking windows . 
 i 'm not her . 
 i 'm not norah . '' 
 i 've taken it too far . 
 at the mention of his sister , nathan 's face grows so hurt and twisted that i know i 've hit bull 's - eye . 
 i brace for him to tear into me . 
 instead , he turns without a word . 
 which , somehow , is worse . 
 but it 's his fault for punishing me for things that i have n't done , for things she 's done . 
 how did this day get so awful ? 
 when did this happen ? 
 cricket . 
 his name explodes inside of me like cannon fire . 
 i move toward our windows . 
 his curtains are open . 
 the bags he brought home are still on his floor , but there 's no sign of him . 
 what am i supposed to say the next time we see each other ? 
 why wo n't he stop ruining my life ? 
 why does he have to ask me out now ? 
 and max knows about him . 
 it should n't matter , but it does . 
 max is n't the type to keep bringing it up , but he is the type to hold on to it . 
 save it for when he needs it . 
 did he believe me when i told him that i love him ? 
 that i do n't even like cricket ? 
 yes , he did . 
 and i 'm in love with max . 
 so why do n't i know if the other half was a lie ? 
 i 'm not the only one with guy problems . 
 lindsey has been remarkably distracted this week . 
 she did n't notice when our math teacher misused the quadratic formula on monday . 
 or when marta velazquez , the most popular girl in school , forgot to peel the size sticker off her jeans on tuesday . 
 her leg said : 12 12 12 12 12 . 
 how could lindsey not notice that when she sat behind it for an entire hour in american history ? 
 it 's not until thursday at lunch when charlie harrison-ming walks past us and says , `` hi , lindsey , '' and she stutters her `` hey , charlie '' back , that i realize the issue . 
 and then i realize they 're wearing the exact same red chucks . 
 lindsey 's great at solving other people 's problems , but her own ? 
 hopeless . 
 `` you could say something about the shoes , '' i suggest . 
 `` you 're the clothes girl , '' she says miserably . 
 `` i sound dumb talking about that stuff . '' 
 today i 'm wearing cat-eye glasses and a cheetah-print dress i made last spring . 
 i 've pinned oversize red brooches like bullet wounds to the front of the dress , and i have bloodred ribbons tied up and down my arms and throughout my natural hair . 
 i 'm protesting big-game hunting in africa . 
 `` you never sound dumb , '' i say . 
 `` and i 'm not the one wearing his sneakers . '' 
 `` i told you , i do n't want to date . '' 
 but she does n't sound so convinced anymore . 
 `` i 'll support you no matter what you choose.you know that , right ? '' 
 lindsey plants her nose inside a hard-boiled detective novel , and our conversation is over . 
 but she 's not reading it . 
 she 's staring through the pages . 
 the look gives me a familiar jolt - the expression on cricket 's face the last time i saw him . 
 he never came back home last weekend . 
 his curtains are still open , and his bags are still on his floor . 
 i 've been strangely fascinated by the shoulder bag . 
 it 's an old , brown leather satchel , the kind that should be worn by a university professor or a jungle explorer . 
 i wonder what 's in it . 
 probably just a toothbrush and a change of underwear . 
 still . 
 it looks lonely . 
 even the mesh laundry bag is sad , only half full . 
 my phone vibrates once against my leg , through the backpack at my feet , signaling a text . 
 whoops . 
 we 're supposed to have them turned off at school . 
 but who 'd text me now , anyway ? 
 i bend over to reach for it , and my glasses-a vintage pair that does n't fit well-clatter to the cement . 
 they 've got to be right beneath me , but i ca n't see them . 
 i ca n't see anything . 
 i hear the loud prattle of a mob of girls heading our way . 
 `` oh crud , oh crud , oh crud - '' lindsey swipes up my glasses just before the girls hit . 
 they buzz past , a swarm of perfume and laughter . 
 `` did your vision get worse again ? '' 
 i slide them on , and the world comes back into focus . 
 i frown . 
 `` please . 
 it gets worse every year . 
 at this rate , i 'll be blind by twenty . '' 
 she nods at my glasses . 
 `` and how many pairs do you own now ? '' 
 `` only three . '' 
 i wish they were n't so expensive . 
 i order them online for a discount , but they still eat up entire paychecks . 
 my parents pay for my contacts , but i like variety . 
 i 'd prefer more variety . 
 i peek at my phone , and i 'm thrilled to find the text is from max : saw two fallen branches in the shape of a heart . 
 thought of you . 
 i grin like an idiot . 
 `` who was it ? '' 
 lindsey asks . 
 `` max ! '' 
 but then i catch the look on her face . 
 i shrug and turn off my phone . 
 `` it 's nothing . 
 he saw ... something . '' 
 she flips her novel back open . 
 `` oh . '' 
 and then i have it : the perfect solution to her problem . 
 charlie is totally interested in her , lindsey just needs someone there to guide her through those first difficult steps . 
 she needs me there . 
 a double date ! 
 i 'm a genius ! 
 i 'm ... dating max . 
 who would never agree to such a thing . 
 i glance at my best friend , who is staring through her mystery novel again . 
 trying to solve her own mystery . 
 i cradle my phone in my hands and keep my mouth shut . 
 and i feel so disloyal to her . 
 i have an early shift on saturday . 
 i closed last night . 
 it feels like i never leave , like i should just get it over with and put my old disney princess sleeping bag underneath the seventh-floor concessions counter . 
 when i arrive at the theater , i 'm surprised to find st. clair behind the box office . 
 anna is n't scheduled to work today . 
 i 'm further surprised when i notice what he 's wearing . 
 `` what 's with the uniform ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he shrugs . 
 it 's a slow , full-bodied shrug that makes him seem . . . 
 more european . 
 `` one of the managers said i spent so much time here , i ought to be working . 
 so i am . '' 
 `` wait . 
 you got a job here ? '' 
 `` yeah , but do n't tell anyone . 
 it 's a secret . '' 
 he widens his eyes , joking . 
 `` you . 
 working ? '' 
 st. clair never discusses it , but everyone knows his family is rolling in it . 
 he does n't need to work . 
 nor does he strike me as someone who 'd want to . 
 `` you do n't think i can handle ripping tickets ? '' 
 `` my exhausted feet say it 's a little more than that . '' 
 st. clair grins , and my heart skips a beat . 
 he really is attractive . 
 what 's my problem ? 
 i must be more tired than i thought . 
 and i 'm not interested in anna 's boyfriend-he 's too short , too cocky-but the fact that i 'm noticing him bothers me . 
 i dive into work on another floor to distract myself from increasingly uncomfortable thoughts . 
 but st. clair approaches me a few hours later , once we 've calmed down from a rush . 
 `` my feet feel dandy , '' he says . 
 `` in fact , i 'm considering forming a dance troupe . 
 would you be interested ? '' 
 `` oh , bite me . '' 
 i 'm still irritated . 
 the six people who complained to me about our parking garage did n't help the situation . 
 `` seriously , why did you get a job ? '' 
 `` because i thought it would build character . '' 
 he hops onto my concessions counter . 
 `` because all of my teeth have fallen out , and i ca n't afford dentures . 
 because - '' `` fine . 
 whatever . 
 be a dillhole . '' 
 `` i should be doing something productive , should n't i ? '' 
 st. clair hops back down and grabs a broom from the supply closet . 
 `` all right , all right . 
 i 'm saving for our future . '' 
 `` our future ? '' 
 i give him a coy smile . 
 `` i 'm flattered , really , but that 's unnecessary . '' 
 he pokes my back with the tip of the broom . 
 `` and is anna aware that you 're saving for your future together ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 st. clair sweeps the fallen popcorn around my ankles while i take someone 's diet coke-and-soft-pretzel order . 
 when i 'm done , he continues . 
 `` do you think i 'd get a job and not discuss it with her first ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but still , i thought ... you know ... '' he looks confused , and i 'm forced to finish the thought out loud . 
 `` i thought you had money . '' 
 st. clair bursts out laughing as if i 've said something foolish . 
 `` my father has money . 
 and i 'd like to keep him out of my future . '' 
 `` that sounds ... ominous . '' 
 the european shrug again . 
 this time , to change the subject . 
 `` and it 'd be nice to have a bit of spending cash so that i could take her out . 
 we tend to dine mainly in our dormitory cafeterias . '' 
 he frowns . 
 `` come to think of it , we 've always dined mainly in school cafeterias . '' 
 `` in paris ? '' 
 `` in paris , '' he confirms . 
 i sigh . 
 `` you have no idea how lucky you are . '' 
 `` actually , i 'm confident that i do . '' 
 st. clair props the broom against the wall . 
 `` so why do you work ? 
 to support your unhealthy costuming habit ? 
 and what is your hair about today ? '' 
 `` i wanted to see what it 'd look like in tiny buns . 
 and then i added the feathers , because they looked like nests . '' 
 he 's right . 
 that is why i work . 
 plus , my parents said when i turned sixteen i had to get a part-time job to learn about responsibility . 
 so i did . 
 st. clair examines my hair closer . 
 `` spectacular . '' 
 i back away . 
 `` exactly how far into the future are you planning ? '' 
 `` far . '' 
 the word hangs between us , loaded with strength and meaning . 
 max and i talk about running away to los angeles and starting a new life together-me designing elaborate costumes by day , him destroying rock clubs by night-but i get the sense that st. clair 's conversations with anna are more serious than the ones i have with max . 
 the thought makes me uneasy . 
 i stare at st. clair . 
 he 's not that much older than me . 
 how can he be so confident ? 
 `` when it 's right , it 's simple , '' he says to my unasked question . 
 `` unlike your hair . '' 
 chapter ten the moon is fat , but half of her is missing . 
 a ruler-straight line divides her dark side from her light . 
 she hangs low over the bustling castro , noticeably earlier than the night before . 
 autumn is coming . 
 for as long as i can remember , i 've talked to the moon . 
 asked her for guidance . 
 there 's something deeply spiritual about her pale glow , her cratered surface , her waxing and waning . 
 she wears a new dress every evening , yet she 's always herself . 
 and she 's always there . 
 since my shift was early , i rode the bus and train home . 
 i 'm not sure why i 'm so relieved to be back in my neighborhood . 
 it 's not like the work itself was hard . 
 but the familiarity of castro street comforts me-the glitter in the sidewalks , the chocolate-chip warmth radiating from hot cookie , the groups of chattering men , the early halloween display in the window of cliff 's variety . 
 i 'm lucky to live in a place that 's does n't have to hide what it is . 
 businesses like the sausage factory -lrb- restaurant -rrb- , spunk -lrb- hair salon -rrb- , and hand job -lrb- manicures -rrb- are clear about the residents , but there 's a genuine sense of love and community . 
 it 's a family . 
 and like a family , everyone knows everyone 's business , but i do n't think it 's a bad thing . 
 i like that the guys at spike 's coffee wave as i pass by . 
 i like that the guys at jeffery 's know betsy needs the large container of fresh lamb , yams and veggies . 
 i like - `` lola ! '' 
 a stab to my gut . 
 with dread , i turn to find cricket bell performing a spin move around an elderly couple entering delano 's grocery as he 's exiting . 
 he 's carrying a carton of freerange eggs in each hand . 
 `` are you headed home ? 
 do you have a minute ? '' 
 i ca n't meet his eyes . 
 `` yeah.yeah , of course . '' 
 as he jogs to catch up , i keep moving forward . 
 he 's wearing a white dress shirt , a black vest , and a black tie . 
 he 'd look like a waiter , except he 's also wearing his colorful bracelets and rubber bands . 
 `` lola , i want to apologize . '' 
 i freeze . 
 `` i feel like a jerk , a total ass for ... for putting you in that situation last week . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i should have asked if you had a boyfriend , i do n't know why i did n't ask . '' 
 his voice is pained . 
 `` of course you 'd have a boyfriend.you 've just always been this cool , gorgeous girl and seeing you again brought up this whole wreck of emotions and ... i do n't know what to say , but i messed up , and i 'm sorry . 
 it wo n't happen again . '' 
 i 'm shocked . 
 i do n't know what i expected him to say , but it certainly was n't this . 
 cricket bell thinks i 'm cool and gorgeous . 
 cricket bell thinks i 've always been cool and gorgeous . 
 `` and i hope this does n't make things even weirder , '' he continues . 
 `` i just want to clear the air . 
 i think you 're amazing , and being your friend that summer was the happiest summer of my life , and ... i just want to be a part of your life . 
 again . '' 
 i can hardly think straight . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` but i 'd understand if you do n't want to see me - '' `` no , '' i say quickly . 
 `` no ? '' 
 he 's nervous . 
 he does n't understand how i mean it . 
 `` i mean ... we can still hang out . '' 
 i proceed carefully . 
 `` i 'd like that . '' 
 cricket droops with relief . 
 `` you would ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i 'm surprised by how obvious it is . 
 of course i want him back in my life . 
 he 's always been a part of my life . 
 even when he was gone , some fragment of his spirit lingered behind . 
 i felt it in the space between our windows . 
 `` i want you to know that i 've changed , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm not that guy anymore . '' 
 his body energetically turns to face mine , and the movement startles me . 
 i trip toward him and smack into his chest , and one of the egg cartons drops from his hand and topples toward the sidewalk . 
 cricket swiftly grabs it before it lands . 
 `` sorry ! 
 i 'm so sorry ! '' 
 i say . 
 the place where his chest touched mine burns . 
 every place where his body touched mine feels alive . 
 what kind of guy did he think he was , and who is he now ? 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he peeks inside the carton . 
 `` no harm done . 
 all eggs accounted for . '' 
 `` here , let me take that . '' 
 i reach for a carton , but he holds it above his head . 
 it 's way out of my reach . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he smiles softly . 
 `` i have a much better grip on things now . '' 
 i make for the other carton . 
 `` the least i can do is carry one . '' 
 cricket starts to lift the other one up , too , but something solemn clouds his eyes . 
 he lowers them and gives one to me . 
 the back of his hand reads : eggs . 
 `` thanks , '' he says . 
 i look down . 
 someone has drawn a game of hopscotch onto the sidewalk in pink chalk . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 `` i 'll need them back , though . 
 my mom was craving deviled eggs , and she asked me to pick those up . 
 very important mission . '' 
 silence . 
 this is the moment . 
 where i either make things permanently awkward or i make genuine on our friendship . 
 i look up-and then up again , until i reach his face-and ask , `` how 's college ? '' 
 cricket closes his eyes . 
 it 's only for a moment , a breath , but it 's enough to show me how thankful he is for my question . 
 he wants to be in my life . 
 `` good , '' he says . 
 `` it 's ... good . '' 
 `` i sense a but . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` but it 's been a while since that whole surroundedby-other-students thing . 
 i guess it takes time to get used to . '' 
 `` you said you were homeschooled ? 
 after you moved ? '' 
 `` well , we moved so often that it was easier than enrolling over and over , always taking the same classes . 
 always being the new kid . 
 we 'd done it before , and we did n't want to do it again . 
 plus , it allowed us to work around cal 's schedule . '' 
 the last sentence sticks to me in an unpleasant way . 
 `` what about your schedule ? '' 
 `` ah , it 's not as bad as it sounds . 
 she only has so long to do this . 
 she has to make a run for it while she can . '' 
 i must look unconvinced , because he adds , `` another five years , and it 'll be my turn in the family spotlight . '' 
 `` but why ca n't it be your turn now , too ? 
 maybe i 'm being selfish , because i 'm an only child - '' `` no . 
 you 're right . '' 
 and i catch the first glimpse of tiredness between his forehead and his eyes . 
 `` but our circumstance is different . 
 she has a gift . 
 it would n't be fair for me not to do everything i can to support her . '' 
 `` and what does she do to support you ? '' 
 i ask before i can stop myself . 
 cricket 's expression grows sly . 
 `` she does the dishes . 
 takes out the trash . 
 leaves the cereal box out for me on weekends . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 i look away . 
 `` i 'm being nosy . '' 
 `` it 's okay , i do n't mind . '' 
 but he does n't answer my question . 
 we walk in silence for a minute , when something strikes me . 
 `` today . 
 today is your birthday ! '' 
 his face turns away from mine as fast as a reflex . 
 `` why did n't you say something ? '' 
 but i know the answer before i finish asking the question . 
 memories of the last time i saw him on his birthday fill me with instant humiliation . 
 cricket fidgets with his bracelets . 
 `` yep . 
 eighteen . '' 
 i follow his lead to keep the conversation moving forward . 
 `` an adult . 
 officially . '' 
 `` it 's true , i feel incredibly mature . 
 then again , maturity has always been my greatest strength . '' 
 this time , his usual self-deprecation makes me flinch . 
 he was always more mature . 
 except , perhaps , around me . 
 `` so ... you 're here to visit calliope ? '' 
 i shake my head as the embarrassment continues . 
 `` of course you are . 
 it 's her birthday , too . 
 i 'm just surprised to see you since it 's saturday night . 
 i assumed you 'd be at some party across the bay , chugging beer in the handstand position . '' 
 he scratches the side of his neck . 
 `` call would never admit this , but it 's been a rough adjustment for her . 
 me being away while she 's still at home . 
 not that i would n't have come home tonight otherwise , of course i would . 
 and i actually did drop by one of those parties for a minute as a favor to someone , but ... perhaps you did n't notice . '' 
 cricket adjusts his tie . 
 `` i 'm not the kegger type . '' 
 `` me neither . '' 
 i do n't have to explain that it 's because of norah . 
 he knows . 
 `` what about your boyfriend ? '' 
 his voice betrays a forced cool . 
 i 'm embarrassed he 'd assume it , but i ca n't deny that max looks the type . 
 `` he is n't a party guy either . 
 not really . 
 i mean , he drinks and smokes , but he respects my feelings . 
 he never tries to get me to join him or anything . '' 
 cricket ducks underneath a pink-flowered branch in our path . 
 our neighborhood blooms year-round . 
 i walk below it without having to bend . 
 `` what do your parents think about you dating someone that old ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i wince . 
 `` you should know that i 'm really tired of having that conversation . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 but then like he ca n't help it , `` so , uh ... how old is he ? '' 
 `` twenty-two . '' 
 for some reason , admitting this to him feels uncomfortable . 
 a long pause . 
 `` wow . '' 
 the word is slow and heavy . 
 my heart sinks . 
 i want to be his friend , but on what planet would that work ? 
 there 's too much history between us for friendship . 
 we quietly climb our street 's hill until we reach my house . 
 `` bye , cricket . '' 
 i ca n't meet his eyes again . 
 `` happy birthday . '' 
 `` lola ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` eggs . '' 
 he points . 
 `` you have my eggs . '' 
 oh . 
 embarrassed , i hold out the carton . 
 his long fingers reach for it , and i find myself bracing for the physical contact . 
 but it does n't come . 
 he takes the carton by its edge . 
 it 's a cautious , deliberate move . 
 it reminds me that i should n't be with him . 
 and it reminds me that i ca n't tell max . 
 chapter eleven the more i think about our conversation , the more frustrated i get . 
 cricket says he 's changed , but changed what ? 
 a willingness to speak his mind ? 
 to finally say he likes me ? 
 or is there something else ? 
 toward the end of our friendship , he grew so strange and distant until he cut me off completely by not inviting me to that stupid party . 
 which he still does n't want to talk about . 
 and now he wants to be friends again , but then he leaves early the next morning and does n't come home for two weeks ? 
 whatever . 
 `` lola ca n't play today . '' 
 andy is banging around among his pots and pans , which is why we had n't heard cricket knock on our front door . 
 we left it open to let the heat escape , because our kitchen gets hot when all of the ovens are running . 
 `` she 's on pie duty . 
 there was a huge , emergency , last - minute change to an order this morning . '' 
 `` dad . 
 he did n't come over to play . '' 
 cricket holds up a box . 
 `` this was delivered to our house . 
 it 's yours . '' 
 andy looks up . 
 `` lola 's , '' cricket clarifies . 
 he places it on the floor outside the kitchen while betsy runs in circles around him . 
 she 's always loved cricket . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i say the word cautiously , a warning if he 's listening for it . 
 i set down a bag of flour and move to examine the package . 
 `` cool ! 
 it 's the boning for my stays . '' 
 `` stays ? '' 
 `` corset , '' andy says distractedly . 
 `` lola , get your butt back in here . '' 
 cricket reddens . 
 `` oh . '' 
 point number two for andy in today 's embarrassment department . 
 cricket leans over to pet betsy , who collapses belly-up , and i pretend not to notice his blush . 
 though i 'm not sure he 's earned that particular favor . 
 or my dog 's belly . 
 `` it 's for a dress , '' i explain . 
 cricket nods without looking at me . 
 `` pie emergency ? '' 
 a final rub , and then he enters the kitchen , rolling up his sleeves and removing his bracelets . 
 `` need a hand ? '' 
 `` oh , no . '' 
 i 'm alarmed . 
 `` thanks , but we 've got it . '' 
 `` grab an apron , they 're in the top drawer there . '' 
 andy points across the room . 
 `` you ca n't ask him to help , '' i say . 
 `` it 's not his job . '' 
 `` he did n't ask . '' 
 cricket ties a long , white apron around his waist . 
 `` i volunteered . '' 
 `` see ? '' 
 andy says . 
 `` the boy makes sense . 
 unlike some teenagers i could mention . '' 
 i narrow my eyes at him . 
 it 's not my fault i 'd rather spend my only weekend day off with lindsey . 
 i had to cancel our plans for sushi and shopping in japantown . 
 when i asked if she wanted to come over and help , she said , `` no thanks , ned . 
 i 'll make new plans . '' 
 and i get that . 
 but if she does n't hang out with me , she 'll just stay in and watch a marathon of csi or veronica mars . 
 which makes her happy . 
 but still . 
 `` those pumpkins need to be seeded before i can toss them into the oven . 
 put the seeds and strings on that pile for compost , '' andy says . 
 `` pumpkins . 
 got it . '' 
 cricket washes his hands and grabs the biggest pumpkin . 
 i resume weighing flour for two dozen crusts . 
 when you bake in large quantities , scales are required , not measuring cups . 
 `` really , we 're okay . 
 i 'm sure you have homework . '' 
 `` it 's no problem . '' 
 cricket shrugs . 
 `` where 's the other mr. nolan ? '' 
 andy closes his eyes . 
 cricket tenses , realizing he 's said something wrong . 
 `` nathan is with norah today , '' i explain . 
 `` is ... everything all right ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` peachy , '' andy says . 
 `` it 's just some financial stuff . '' 
 i hand cricket our largest knife for slicing open the pumpkins , along with an apologetic look for andy 's snippiness . 
 cricket gives me a discreet smile back . 
 he knows my dad is n't normally like this . 
 andy 's voice is the only one we hear for the next hour as he guides us through production . 
 the original order was for six pies total , but now we 're making six of each : classic pumpkin , vegan apple crumble , pear ginger , and sweet potato pecan . 
 i 've been helping him bake for years , so i 'm pretty good in the kitchen . 
 but i 'm surprised by how quickly cricket adapts . 
 andy explains that baking is actually a science-leavening and acids , proteins and starches-and cricket gets it . 
 of course he 's a natural . 
 good chemists are good bakers . 
 but why is he spending his saturday making pies when he does n't have to ? 
 is it that nice-guy thing ? 
 or does he think by spending time with me , i might fall for him ? 
 but he does n't even try to flirt . 
 he stays away from me , focused on his work . 
 it 's maddening how someone so easy to read can be so impossible to understand . 
 when the timer rings at noon , andy lets out a funny noise of surprise . 
 `` we 're making good time . 
 we can do this . '' 
 and he smiles for the first time all day . 
 cricket and i exchange relieved grins across the counter . 
 andy flips on the radio to a station that plays classics from the fifties , and the kitchen relaxes . 
 cricket slices apples with rhythm and precision to the beat of `` peggy sue , '' while andy and i roll out dough in perfect synchronization . 
 `` we could put this routine on ice and take it to nationals , '' cricket says . 
 at the mention of ice , andy pauses . 
 my dad loves figure skating . 
 it is-and i do n't use this expression lightly-the gayest thing about him . 
 when i was little , he took me to see stars on ice . 
 we cheered for the skaters with the prettiest spins and we licked blue cotton candy from our fingers and he bought me a program filled with photographs of beautiful people in beautiful costumes . 
 it 's one of my happiest memories . 
 when calliope started figure skating , i wanted to do it , too . 
 we were n't friends , but i still thought of her as someone worthy of admiration . 
 which meant copying . 
 `` this is okay , '' i said after my first lesson . 
 `` but when do i get a costume ? '' 
 andy pointed at my plain pink leotard . 
 `` that is your costume , until you 're more experienced . '' 
 i lost interest . 
 my parents were peeved . 
 the lessons were expensive , so they made me finish out the season . 
 thus , i can state that figure skating is hard . 
 andy talked me into another stars on ice when i was thirteen , but my daydreams of doing triple axels in sequined skirts were long gone . 
 i still feel bad that i did n't even try to enjoy it . 
 he 's never asked again . 
 andy must have inquired about calliope , because cricket is talking about her schedule . 
 `` it 's a busy year , because of the olympics . 
 it just means `` when will she know if she 's made the olympic team ? '' 
 andy asks . 
 `` if she places in nationals , she 'll go . 
 that 's in january . 
 right now she 's working on her new programs , which she 'll take to a few of the early grand prix competitions . 
 this year , she 's doing skate america and skate canada . 
 then it 's nationals , olympics , worlds . '' 
 he ticks them off on his fingers . 
 `` do you go to all of those ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` most of them . 
 but i doubt i 'll make it to canada . 
 it 's during a busy school week . '' 
 `` you 've seen a lot of figure skating . '' 
 cricket pulls the softened pumpkin flesh from the ovens . 
 `` oh , have i ? 
 is that unusual ? '' 
 he keeps a straight face , but his eyes spark . 
 i resist throwing a dish towel at him . 
 `` so what 's the deal with her and second place?you said on your first night back - '' `` cal 's been the most talented ladies ' figure skater for years , but she 's never skated two clean programs in a row in a major competition . 
 she 's convinced that she 's cursed . 
 it 's why she 's always switching coaches , and it 's why she 'd rather get third than second . 
 when she gets third , at least she 's happy to have placed . 
 but second . 
 that 's too close to first . '' 
 i 've stopped working again . 
 `` second hurts . '' 
 he stares at me for a moment before lowering his head back to the pumpkins . 
 andy has been rolling piecrusts slowly , following our conversation with interest . 
 he sets down his rolling pin and dusts the flour from his praise cheeses ! 
 shirt . 
 `` what have you been up to , cricket ? 
 what are you studying at berkeley ? '' 
 `` mechanical engineering . 
 not very cool , is it ? '' 
 `` but it 's perfect for you , '' i say . 
 he laughs to himself . 
 `` of course it is . '' 
 `` i meant , it 's perfect because you 've always built , you know , mechanical things . 
 contraptions and robots and - '' `` automaton , '' he corrects . 
 `` it 's like a robot but completely useless . '' 
 the negative tone that 's crept into his voice is disconcerting . 
 it 's a rare thing from cricket bell . 
 but before i can say anything , he shakes it off with a smile . 
 `` but you 're right . 
 it suits me . '' 
 `` i 've never seen anyone do what you can do , '' andy says . 
 `` and from such a young age . 
 i 'll never forget when you fixed our toaster with that coat hanger when you were , what , five years old?your parents must be so proud of you . '' 
 cricket shrugs uncomfortably . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 andy 's head tilts . 
 he studies cricket for a long moment . 
 cricket has returned to work , and it reminds me to return to mine . 
 i begin mashing sweet potatoes . 
 the repetition is actually soothing . 
 as much as i hate losing a day off , i love my father 's business . 
 he stumbled into it accidentally when he baked a classic cherry pie with a lattice top for a dinner party , and everyone freaked out . 
 they 'd never tasted a homemade piecrust before . 
 someone there asked him to make one for another party , and then someone at that party asked him to make several for another . 
 it was a business in the blink of an eye . 
 nathan jokingly called it city pie guy , and the name stuck . 
 the logo is a retrolooking man with a mustache and a gingham apron , winking and holding out a steaming pie . 
 as the drop-off hour approaches , we talk less and less . 
 by the time the last pies are out of the oven and into their boxes , andy is on edge again . 
 we 're all sweating . 
 my dad races outside to open the car doors , and i grab two boxes and run out behind him . 
 we 've just tucked the pies safely inside when the front door opens . 
 andy gasps . 
 i look up to find cricket holding six boxes ... in each hand . 
 and flying down the stairs . 
 `` ohmygod , ohmygod , ohmygod , '' andy whispers . 
 i grip his arm in horror , but cricket bounds easily onto our driveway . 
 `` ready for these ? '' 
 he asks . 
 the pies are still perfectly stacked . 
 andy pauses for a moment . 
 and then he bursts into laughter . 
 `` into the car . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 cricket asks me as my dad walks away . 
 `` maybe carry a few less the next time you take a jog down our stairs ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` you 'd be an excellent circus juggler . '' 
 he gestures to his legs . 
 `` would n't even have to rent the stilts . '' 
 i notice the opening for a question i 've had , but i hesitate . 
 `` i hope this is n't rude - '' `` then it definitely is . '' 
 but he 's teasing , so i continue . 
 `` exactly how tall are you ? '' 
 `` ah , the height question . '' 
 cricket rubs his hands together . 
 there 's a mathematical equation written there today . 
 `` six four . '' 
 he grins again . 
 `` not including hair . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` and being thin makes me look even taller . '' 
 `` and your tight pants , '' i add . 
 cricket makes a startled choking noise . 
 oh dear god . 
 why would i say that ? 
 andy reappears , slaps him on the back , and then we throw ourselves into the welcome distraction of loading the remainder of the pies . 
 i climb into the backseat to keep them steady . 
 cricket follows in behind me , and even though he does n't have to be here , it feels natural that he should come along for the delivery . 
 our neighborhood 's traffic is predictably sluggish , but andy speeds the rest of the way to russian hill , past views of alcatraz and cable cars , and into the area of some of the city 's most expensive real estate . 
 we find parking at the bottom of the famous part of lombard street , the steep hill with switchback curves nicknamed `` the crookedest street in america . '' 
 the narrow , zigzag road is paved with red bricks and bursting with vibrant flowers . 
 we grab the pies-i 'm amazed when andy stacks most of them on cricket 's arms , trusting him-and run to make the delivery two blocks away . 
 `` you 're ten minutes late , pie guy . '' 
 a harsh woman with slicked-back hair opens the door for us . 
 `` put them in there . 
 wipe your feet , '' she adds to cricket as he crosses the threshold , blinded by his pies . 
 he backs up , wipes them , and moves forward . 
 `` dirt , '' she says . 
 `` again . '' 
 i look at her rug . 
 cricket is n't tracking in dirt . 
 he repeats the process one more time , and then we set down the boxes beside an array of crystal decanters in her dining room . 
 she 's glaring at cricket and me as if she does n't like what she sees . 
 that teenagers had anything to do with her party . 
 we stand in uneasy silence as she writes andy a check . 
 he folds it once and places it in his back pocket . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he glances in our direction before continuing . 
 `` and never call me again . 
 your business is n't welcome . '' 
 and then he walks away . 
 the woman is stunned with indignation . 
 cricket 's eyebrows pop to his forehead , and i 'm barely keeping my laughter under control as we file past her and out the door . 
 `` hag , '' andy adds , when we join him . 
 `` you busted your asses for her . '' 
 cricket examines himself . 
 `` i should have covered my gang tattoos . '' 
 `` i would n't let you in my house , '' andy says . 
 i hug my stomach from laughing so hard . 
 `` speaking of appearances . '' 
 cricket turns to me . 
 `` i 'd almost forgotten what you look like . '' 
 the laughter stops dead in my mouth . 
 there was n't time for anything fun when andy woke me up this morning , so i threw on a pair of jeans and a plain black t-shirt . 
 it 's one of max 's . 
 i 'm not wearing makeup , and my hair is hanging loosely . 
 i did n't think i 'd see anyone but my parents today . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i cross my arms . 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 this is me . '' 
 `` it 's a rare occurrence to see lola in the wild , '' andy says . 
 `` i know , '' cricket says . 
 `` i have n't seen the real lola since my first night back . '' 
 `` i like being different . '' 
 `` and i like that about you , '' cricket says . 
 `` but i like the real you best . '' 
 i 'm too self-conscious to reply . 
 the car ride home is unbearable . 
 andy and cricket do the talking , while i stare out my window and try not to think about the boy beside me . 
 his body takes up so much room . 
 his long arms , his spindly legs . 
 he has to hunch so that his head wo n't hit the ceiling , though his hair still does . 
 i scoot closer to my window . 
 when we get home , we 're greeted by a wagging heavens to betsy and the sugary warmth of baked goods . 
 i throw my arms around her and breathe in her doggie scent . 
 it 's safer to focus on betsy . 
 cricket offers to help with the dishes , but andy refuses as he reaches for his wallet . 
 `` you 've already done too much today . '' 
 cricket is surprised . 
 `` that 's not why i helped . '' 
 andy holds out a few twenties . 
 `` please , take something . '' 
 but cricket puts his hands in his pockets . 
 `` i should get home . 
 i just came over to deliver your package . '' 
 he nods to the box addressed to me , which is still on the floor outside the kitchen . 
 alarm dawns across andy 's features . 
 `` did you call your parents ? 
 do they know where you are ? '' 
 `` oh , it 's fine . 
 they had a big day with call planned . 
 i doubt they noticed i was gone . '' 
 but andy does n't look reassured . 
 something is bothering him . 
 `` see you around . '' 
 cricket reaches for the doorknob . 
 andy steps forward . 
 `` would you like to go with us to muir woods next sunday ? 
 we 're having a family outing . 
 i 'd be honored if you joined us , it 's the least i can do . '' 
 muir woods ? 
 a family outing ? 
 what is he talking about ? 
 `` uh . '' 
 cricket glances at me nervously . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 andy says . 
 he 's already talking about picnic baskets and avocado sandwiches , and my mind is going haywire . 
 not only is this the first mention of a day trip , but ... max . 
 `` what about sunday brunch ? '' 
 i interrupt . 
 betsy squirms as i hold her tighter . 
 andy turns back to me . 
 `` it 's still on for tomorrow . '' 
 `` no . 
 next sunday . '' 
 `` oh , '' andy says , as if the thought has just occurred to him . 
 even though it has n't . 
 `` we 'll have to skip it next week . '' 
 i 'm dumbfounded as they say goodbye and cricket leaves . 
 my parents would never ask max to join us . 
 and max is my boyfriend . 
 and cricket is ... i do n't know what cricket is ! 
 how am i supposed to explain the cancellation to max ? 
 i ca n't tell him that i 'm going on an outing with cricket bell . 
 i open my mouth in outrage , but i 'm too furious for words . 
 andy locks the door and sighs . 
 `` now , why could n't you date a boy like that ? '' 
 chapter twelve andy said that ? '' 
 lindsey asks . 
 `` kiss of death . '' 
 `` i know . 
 as if i 'd ever go for him now that my dad wants me to date him . '' 
 `` as if you 'd ever go for him again , period . '' 
 `` right ... right . '' 
 there 's a weighty pause on the other end of the line . 
 `` lola nolan , please tell me you are not thinking about cricket bell in that way . '' 
 `` of course i 'm not ! '' 
 and i 'm not . 
 i 'm definitely not . 
 `` because he broke your heart . 
 we 've spent two good years hating him . 
 remember that sixteen-page letter you buried in my backyard ? 
 and the ceremonial tossing of the pink bottle cap into the surf at ocean beach ? '' 
 yeah . 
 i remember . 
 `` and your boyfriend ? 
 you do remember your boyfriend ? 
 max ? '' 
 i frown at his picture beside my bed . 
 his picture frowns back . 
 `` who 's leaving me to go on tour . '' 
 `` he 's not leaving you . 
 stop being such a drama queen , ned . '' 
 except he is . 
 max announced at brunch this morning that johnny had already secured a show in southern california . 
 the miracle is that it 's for next saturday night , so he could n't have made it to our next brunch anyway . 
 so there was no need to invent an excuse for canceling it . 
 `` i do n't wan na talk about guys anymore , '' i say . 
 `` ca n't we just rehash alias instead ? '' 
 there 's only one type of television show that lindsey and i agree on : shows that involve solving crimes while wearing cool disguises . 
 alias , pushing daisies , dollhouse , charlie 's angels , and the avengers are our favorites . 
 my best friend is happy to comply , so we do n't talk about any guy for the rest of the week . 
 but they 're on my mind . 
 my boyfriend . 
 cricket . 
 my boyfriend . 
 cricket . 
 how could andy put me in this position ? 
 how could he make up a dumb family outing on the spot like that ? 
 and i 'm frustrated because since the bells moved back , every important event seems to happen on weekends . 
 school has always dragged , but it 's nothing compared to now . 
 endless . 
 and work ? 
 forget it . 
 i lose count of how many wrong tickets i print , wrong soft drinks i pour , wrong theaters i sweep . 
 even anna-my most good - natured supervisor , someone i 've begun to consider one of my few friends-finally loses it on saturday when i come back from my dinner break twenty minutes late . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 i 'm dying out here . '' 
 she gestures with her head toward the packed box-office lobby as she hands someone their change and takes the ticket order of the person behind them . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i lost track of time.there 's this thing tomorrow - '' `` you did it yesterday , too . 
 you left me hanging . 
 there were , like , sixty people in the lobby with these screaming children and bad hair , and this one lady projectile sneezed all over my window , and it was totally on purpose , and - '' `` i 'm so sorry , anna . '' 
 she holds up a hand in panicked frustration , like she does n't want to hear any more , and i feel terrible . 
 i went to a turkish coffee shop down the block for a pick-me-up and ended up lost in my thoughts . 
 i do n't feel picked up at all . 
 by the time my shift ends and andy brings me home , the bell house is dark . 
 did cricket come home ? 
 his curtains have n't moved . 
 if he does n't show up tomorrow , will i be relieved ? 
 or disappointed ? 
 i plan my outfit . 
 if this is going to happen , i need to look better than the last time i saw him , but i ca n't look too interesting . 
 i do n't want to encourage him . 
 i choose a red-and-white checked top -lrb- cute -rrb- with jeans -lrb- boring -rrb- . 
 but by morning i 've decided it 's hopelessly lame , and i change my shirt twice and my pants three times . 
 i settle on a similarly checked red-and-white halter dress , which i made from an actual picnic blanket for the last fourth of july . 
 i add bright red lipstick and tiny ant-shaped earrings for theme , and my big black platform boots because walking will be involved . 
 they 're the sportiest shoes i own . 
 i smooth my dress , erect my posture , and parade downstairs . 
 no one is there . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 no reply . 
 my shoulders sag . 
 `` what 's the point of a staircase if no one is here to watch my entrance ? '' 
 behind me , a slightly breathless `` hi . '' 
 i spin around to find cricket bell sitting in my kitchen , and for some reason , the sight of him makes me slightly breathless , too . 
 `` i-i did n't know you were there . '' 
 cricket stands , almost knocking over his chair in a rare moment of clumsiness . 
 `` i was having some tea . 
 your parents are loading the car . 
 they were giving you three more minutes . '' 
 he glances at his watch . 
 `` you had thirty seconds left . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` it was good entrance , '' he says . 
 nathan bursts into the room . 
 `` there you are ! 
 with twenty seconds to spare . '' 
 he wraps me in a hug , but quickly pulls away and looks me up and down . 
 `` i thought you understood we were going into nature today . '' 
 `` ha ha . '' 
 `` a dress ? 
 those boots ? 
 do n't you think you should change into something less - '' `` it 's not worth the fight . '' 
 andy pops in his head . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's go . '' 
 i follow him outside to avoid further chastising from nathan . 
 cricket walks several steps behind me . 
 it 's a careful distance . 
 i wonder if he 's looking at my butt . 
 why did i just think that ? 
 now my butt feels colossal . 
 maybe he 's looking at my legs . 
 is that better ? 
 or worse ? 
 do i want him looking at me ? 
 i hold on to the bottom of my dress as i climb into the backseat and crawl to the other side . 
 i 'm sure he 's looking at my butt . 
 he has to be . 
 it 's huge , and it 's right there , and it 's huge . 
 no . 
 i 'm acting crazy . 
 i glance over , and he smiles at me as he buckles his seat belt . 
 my cheeks grow warm . 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 as always , he chats easily with my parents . 
 the more relaxed everyone else gets , the more worked up i am . 
 we 're already approaching the golden gate bridge , so we 've been driving for ... fifteen minutes ? 
 how can that be ? 
 `` lola , you 're awfully quiet , '' nathan says . 
 `` do you feel okay ? '' 
 `` is it motion sickness ? '' 
 andy asks . 
 `` because you have n't had that in years . '' 
 `` we are n't even out of the city . 
 it 's not motion sickness . '' 
 there 's a shocked silence . 
 `` maybe it 's motion sickness , '' i lie . 
 `` sorry . 
 i have ... a headache , too . '' 
 i can not believe i 'm screaming about motion sickness a foot away from cricket bell . 
 deep breaths . 
 take deep breaths . 
 i adjust my dress , but the fabric sticks to my leg , and i accidentally flash cricket my thigh . 
 this time , i catch him looking . 
 his fingers are messing with his bracelets and rubber bands . 
 our eyes lock . 
 a rubber band snaps and shoots into the windshield . 
 nathan 's and andy 's heads jolt back in fright , but they laugh when they realize what happened . 
 cricket 's body shrinks up in his seat . 
 `` sorry ! 
 sorry . '' 
 and i 'm strangely relieved to know that i 'm not the only one freaking out . 
 chapter thirteen it 's been years since i 've been here , but muir woods still makes me feel as if i 've stepped into a fairy tale . 
 it 's an enchanted forest , i 'm sure of it . 
 amid the trees are devilish wood sprites and red mushroom caps with white spots and faeries tempting mortals with golden fruit . 
 the redwoods have the same soothing effect on me as the moon . 
 they seem as old as the moon . 
 ancient and beautiful and wise . 
 and i need that right now . 
 the remainder of the drive was restless , but at least it passed quickly . 
 the park is only forty minutes from home . 
 after strolling the trail for a while , we split up . 
 nathan and andy , cricket and me . 
 we 'll meet back at the car in a few hours , and because it 's not max , my parents do n't ask me to check in with them . 
 if i did n't know any better , i 'd swear they 're trying to set me up . 
 wait . 
 are my parents trying to set me up ? 
 no , they know i have a boyfriend . 
 and nathan hates the idea of me dating anyone . 
 they must see cricket as the trustworthy friend he is . 
 right ? 
 `` is it okay if i eat this in front of you ? '' 
 cricket sounds hesitant . 
 we 're sitting beside the creek that runs through the park , half of the picnic spread before us . 
 he holds up the sandwich andy made for him . 
 it 's smoked salmon with cream cheese and sliced avocado . 
 `` of course . 
 why would n't it be ? '' 
 he points at my hummus wrap . 
 `` you 're still a vegetarian , right ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 yeah . 
 but it does n't bother me to see other people eating meat , i just ca n't stomach the thought for myself . '' 
 i pause . 
 `` thanks for asking . 
 most people do n't ask . '' 
 cricket turns toward the bubbling creek and stretches out his legs . 
 his pants are well-worn , faded pinstripes and frayed hems . 
 it 's appropriate for the outdoors as far as his wardrobe is concerned , and once again , i find myself admiring his sense of style . 
 god , he has good taste . 
 `` i just do n't want to offend you . '' 
 he sets down his sandwich but picks at the poppy seeds on the bread . 
 `` i mean , any more than i already have . '' 
 a lump forms in my throat . 
 `` cricket.you 've never offended me . '' 
 `` but i hurt you . '' 
 his voice grows quiet . 
 `` i wish that i had n't . '' 
 the words are tumbling out before i can stop them . 
 `` we were so close , and then you just dropped me . 
 i felt like such an idiot . 
 i do n't understand what happened . '' 
 he stops flicking poppy seeds . 
 `` lola . 
 there 's something i need to tell you . '' 
 the acceleration of my heartbeat is sudden and painful . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 cricket faces me with his entire body . 
 `` when we talked at our windows that last night , '' he says , `` i knew something was wrong . 
 i could tell you were hurt , when i thought i was the one who was supposed to be hurt . 
 but i was so upset about the moving thing that it took me weeks to put the pieces together . '' 
 i draw back from him . 
 why should he be the hurt one ? 
 he 'd excluded me . 
 there 's an excruciating pause as his fingers tense and flex . 
 `` my sister lied . 
 i did n't know about the party until we got home and a crowd of people jumped out and yelled ` surprise . ' 
 call told me that she 'd invited you , and that you 'd turned her down . 
 i believed her . 
 it was n't until later that i realized you were hurt because she had n't . '' 
 anger swells inside of me . 
 `` why would she do that ? '' 
 he looks ashamed . 
 `` she dodged the question , but it 's obvious , is n't it ? 
 she claimed she was trying to do something nice - throw a party for me , not for her or for the both of us . 
 sometimes ... i get overlooked . 
 but she did it out of fear , because she thought she was losing me . '' 
 `` you mean , she did it out of spite , because she 's a bitch . '' 
 my own fury startles me . 
 `` i know it seems that way , but it 's not . 
 and it is . '' 
 cricket shakes his head . 
 `` it 's been the two of us for so long . 
 her career has n't given her much of an outside life . 
 she was scared of being left behind . 
 and i 'm just as guilty ; i let her get away with acting like that , because she was all i had , too . '' 
 no . 
 she was n't . 
 he stares at his hands . 
 whatever word he wrote there , it 's been crossed off . 
 there 's only a black box . 
 `` lola , you were the only person i wanted there that night . 
 i was crazy about you , but i did n't know what to do . 
 it was paralyzing . 
 there were so many times when i wanted to take your hand , but ... i could n't . 
 that one small move felt impossible . '' 
 now i 'm staring at my hands , too . 
 `` i would have let you take it . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 his voice cracks . 
 `` i had a present for you and everything . '' 
 `` i 'm sure i would have loved it . 
 whatever it was . '' 
 he sounds heartbroken , and the sound breaks mine . 
 `` i had something for you , too . '' 
 `` on your birthday ? '' 
 that 's so like him . 
 there 's another sharp pain in my chest . 
 `` i made this mechanism that could run between our windows , and i thought we could use it to send each other letters or gifts . 
 or whatever . 
 it sounds stupid now , i know . 
 something a little kid would think up . '' 
 no . 
 it does n't sound stupid . 
 `` it was supposed to be ready on your birthday , but i wanted it to be perfect . 
 at least , that 's what i kept telling myself . 
 but i was stalling . 
 i blew it . 
 i messed up everything . '' 
 i rip off the end of my hummus wrap . 
 `` calliope messed up everything . '' 
 `` no . 
 she never would have been a problem if i 'd told you how i felt . 
 but i did n't , not even when i knew we were moving - '' `` you knew you were moving ? '' 
 i 'm shocked . 
 for some reason , this news is worse than calliope 's betrayal . 
 how could he keep that from me ? 
 `` i could n't tell you . '' 
 his body twists in misery . 
 `` i thought you 'd give up on me . 
 and i kept hoping the move would n't actually happen , but it was confirmed that night . '' 
 he waits for me to look at him . 
 somehow , i do . 
 i 'm overwhelmed by sadness and confusion . 
 i ca n't take any more . 
 i want him to stop , but he does n't . 
 `` i 'll only say this once more . 
 clearly , so there 's no chance of misinterpretation . '' 
 his eyes darken into mine . 
 `` i like you . 
 i 've always liked you . 
 it would be wrong for me to come back into your life and act otherwise . '' 
 i 'm crying now . 
 `` cricket ... i have a boyfriend . '' 
 `` i know . 
 that sucks . '' 
 it surprises me , and i give a choked laugh . 
 cricket pushes a napkin toward me to blow my nose . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he says . 
 `` was it wrong for me to say `` no . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 we 're able to laugh as i wipe away my mascaraed tears , but our lunch is resumed in agonizing silence . 
 the distance between us feels too close , too far , too close . 
 it 's warmer than it should be underneath this green canopy . 
 my mind throbs . 
 i 've always liked you . 
 what would my life have been like had i known this unquestionably ? 
 he still would have moved away . 
 i 've always liked you , i 've always liked you , i 've always liked you . 
 but maybe we would have stayed in contact . 
 maybe we 'd even be together now . 
 or maybe i would have lost interest . 
 am i only fixated on cricket because of our traumatic history ? 
 because he was my first crush ? 
 or does something about him transcend that ? 
 he 's polishing the skin of a golden apple against his arm . 
 faeries . 
 temptation . 
 `` remember that day i made you the elevator ? '' 
 he suddenly asks . 
 i give him a faint smile . 
 `` how could i forget ? '' 
 `` that was the day i had my first kiss . '' 
 my smile fades . 
 `` i 'm better now . '' 
 he sets the apple beside me . 
 `` at kissing . 
 just so you know . '' 
 `` cricket ... '' he holds my gaze . 
 his smile is sad . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 you can trust me . '' 
 i try not to cry again . 
 `` i know . '' 
 despite this complication-knowing he liked me then , knowing he likes me now , and knowing he never purposefully hurt me - as we walk through the woods , the smoky haze between us lifts . 
 the air is tender but clear . 
 am i that selfish ? 
 did i just need to feel desired ? 
 but when i study him on the drive home ... i ca n't help but notice his eyes . 
 there 's something about blue eyes . 
 the kind of blue that startles you every time they 're lifted in your direction . 
 the kind of blue that makes you ache for them to look at you again . 
 not blue green or blue gray , the blue that 's just blue . 
 cricket has those eyes . 
 and his laugh . 
 i 'd forgotten how easy it is . 
 the four of us are laughing about something dumb in that silly way that happens when you 're exhausted . 
 cricket tells a joke and turns to see if i 'm laughing , if i think he 's funny , and i want him to know that i do think he 's funny , and i want him to know that i 'm glad he 's my friend , and i want him to know that he has the biggest heart of anyone i 've ever known . 
 and i want to press my palm against his chest to feel it beat , to prove he 's really here . 
 but we can not touch . 
 everyone laughs again , and i 'm not sure why . 
 cricket looks for my reaction again , and i ca n't help but laugh . 
 his eyes light up . 
 i have to look down , because i 'm smiling so hard back . 
 i catch my parents in the rearview mirror . 
 they have a different kind of smile , like they know a secret that we do n't . 
 but they 're wrong . 
 i know the secret . 
 i close my heavy eyes . 
 i dream about reaching across the backseat and touching his hand . 
 just one hand . 
 it closes slowly , tightly around mine , and the sensation of his skin against mine is astounding . 
 i 've never felt anything like it before . 
 i do n't wake until i hear his voice . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 he asks sleepily . 
 some people claim to know when something bad is about to happen , right before it actually occurs . 
 i feel dread at his question , though i ca n't say why . 
 his tone was innocent enough . 
 maybe it 's the silence in the front seat that 's so deafening . 
 i open my eyes as the car stops in front of our house . 
 and i discover the deep feeling in my gut is right . 
 it 's always right . 
 for there , passed out on the front porch , is my birth mother . 
 chapter fourteen skin and bones . 
 i have n't seen norah in months . 
 i do n't know how it 's possible , but she 's lost more weight . 
 for as long as i can remember , norah has been too skinny . 
 now-body propped against the porch railing , sweater balled into a pillow to support her head-she looks like a pile of twigs wrapped in hippie rags . 
 is she just asleep ? 
 or has she been drinking again ? 
 i flush with shame . 
 that 's my mother . 
 i do n't want cricket to recognize her , even though it 's obvious the pieces have been put together , now that the question hangs in the air . 
 nathan is rigid . 
 he pulls the car into our driveway and turns off the engine . 
 no one gets out . 
 andy swears under his breath . 
 `` we ca n't leave her there , '' he says , after a minute passes . 
 nathan climbs out , and andy follows . 
 i turn in my seat to watch them prod her , and she immediately startles awake . 
 i release a breath that i did n't realize i 'd been holding . 
 i get out of the car , and i 'm blasted by the stench of body odor . 
 cricket is beside me , and he 's talking , but his words do n't reach my ears . 
 because it 's my mother . 
 smelling . 
 on my porch . 
 i duck away from him and push up the stairs , past norah and my parents . 
 `` i fell asleep waiting for you to come home , '' she snaps to them . 
 `` i 'm not drunk . 
 just evicted . '' 
 but i focus on my key in my hand , my key in the lock , my feet to my bedroom . 
 i collapse in bed , but a voice says something about a curtain , it wo n't stop talking about a curtain , so i haul myself up to shut it and then i 'm back down . 
 i hear them in the living room . 
 `` eighteen months ? '' 
 nathan asks . 
 `` you told me it 'd been twelve since your last payment . 
 i thought we 'd worked this out . 
 what do you expect me - '' `` i do n't need your help . 
 i just need a place to crash . '' 
 the whole neighborhood can hear that . 
 it takes nine long minutes before she lowers her voice . 
 i watch the clock on my phone . 
 lindsey calls . 
 i stare at her name , but i do n't answer . 
 when i was little , i thought my parents were just best friends who lived together . 
 i wanted to live with lindsey when i grew up . 
 it took a while for me to understand that the situation was more complicated than that , but by the time it happened , it did n't matter . 
 my parents were my parents . 
 they loved each other , and they loved me . 
 but there 's always been this nag in the darkest corner of my mind . 
 i was right for nathan and andy , like they were right for me . 
 why was n't i right for norah ? 
 i know she was n't in any condition to take care of me , but why was n't i enough for her to try ? 
 and why are n't we-the three of us , her family-enough for her to try now ? 
 she may not be on the streets anymore , but ... well , this time , she is . 
 why is it so impossible for her to be a normal adult ? 
 my phone buzzes . 
 lindsey has sent a text : i heard . 
 what can i do ? 
 xoxo my heart falls like a stone . 
 she heard ? 
 how long was norah outside ? 
 how many people saw her ? 
 i imagine what my classmates will say when they find out that i have loser wired into half of my genetic code . 
 figures . 
 it 's the only explanation for someone that screwed up . 
 she must have been wasted while lola was in the womb . 
 but that 's not even true . 
 i 'm not half loser . 
 i 'm one hundred percent . 
 i was created from street trash . 
 andy knocks on my door . 
 `` lo ? 
 can i come in ? '' 
 i do n't reply . 
 he asks again , and when i do n't answer , he says , `` i 'm coming in . '' 
 my door opens . 
 `` oh , honey . '' 
 his voice is heartbroken . 
 andy sits on the edge of my bed and places a hand on my back , and i burst into tears . 
 he picks me up and holds me , and i feel small and helpless as i cry all over his sleeve . 
 `` she 's so embarrassing . 
 i hate her . '' 
 he hugs me harder . 
 `` sometimes i do , too . '' 
 `` what 's gon na happen ? '' 
 `` she 'll stay here for a while . '' 
 i pull back . 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 i 've left a puddle of red eye shadow on his shoulder . 
 i try to wipe it away , but he gently takes my hand . 
 the shirt does n't matter . 
 `` only a week or two . 
 until we can find a new apartment for her . '' 
 i stare at my red fingertips , and i 'm angry that norah has made me cry again . 
 i 'm angry that she 's in my house . 
 `` she does n't care about us . 
 she 's only here because she does n't have any other options . '' 
 andy sighs . 
 `` then we do n't have any option but to help her , do we ? '' 
 it grows dark outside . 
 i call lindsey . 
 `` thank god ! 
 cricket called two hours ago , and i 've been so worried . 
 are you okay ? 
 should i come over ? 
 do you want to come over here ? 
 how bad is it ? '' 
 an explosion in my mind . 
 `` cricket told you ? '' 
 `` he was concerned . 
 i 'm concerned . '' 
 `` cricket told you ? '' 
 `` he called the restaurant and gave my parents his number , and then told them to tell me to call him . 
 he said it was an emergency . '' 
 i grip my phone harder . 
 `` so you did n't see her , then ? 
 or hear her ? 
 or hear about it from anyone else ? '' 
 lindsey realizes what the issue is . 
 her voice softens . 
 `` no . 
 i have n't heard anything , neighborhood-wise . 
 i do n't think anyone noticed her . '' 
 and i 'm relieved enough to let the sadness and frustration flood back in . 
 after nearly a minute of silence , lindsey asks again if i 'd like to stay with her . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` but i might take you up on it tomorrow . '' 
 `` she was n't ... was she ? '' 
 it 's easy enough to fill in her blank . 
 `` not wasted , not high . 
 just norah . '' 
 `` well , '' she says . 
 `` at least there 's that . '' 
 but it 's humiliating that she had to ask . 
 there 's a beep on the other line . 
 max . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 i switch calls with dread . 
 a vision of my boyfriend at brunch with norah flashes through my head . 
 this is bound to put an even bigger strain on his relationship with my family . 
 what will he think of her ? 
 will it change his opinion about me ? 
 and what if ... what if he finds something of myself in norah ? 
 `` i missed you , '' he says . 
 `` you coming to the show tonight ? '' 
 i 'd forgotten about it . 
 i 've been so fixated on last night 's show that i did n't remember he 'd be back here for another one tonight . 
 `` um , i do n't think so . '' 
 the tears are already building . 
 no , no , no . 
 do n't cry . 
 i 'm sick of crying today . 
 i practically hear him sitting up . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` norah is here . 
 she 's staying with us . '' 
 silence . 
 and then , `` fuuuuck . '' 
 he says it like an exhale . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 me , too , '' i add . 
 he gives a small , understanding snort of laughter , and then i 'm surprised by how angry he gets when i tell him the full story . 
 `` so she expects you guys to bail her out of this ? '' 
 i roll onto my side , still on my bed . 
 `` like we always do . '' 
 `` it 's messed up your dads are letting her take advantage of them again . '' 
 the thought has occurred to me many times over the years , but i still do n't know if it 's true . 
 are they-nathan , especially - enabling her ? 
 or would she be even more lost without them ? 
 `` i do n't know , '' i say . 
 `` she does n't have anyone else to turn to . '' 
 `` listen to yourself . 
 you 're defending them . 
 if i were you , i 'd be pissed . 
 i 'm not you , and i 'm still pissed . '' 
 his anger refuels my own . 
 it 's getting easier to talk about it , to talk about everything . 
 we go for another hour until he needs to pack the van for his show . 
 `` do you want me to pick you up ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i tell him yes . 
 i get dressed with a fury i have n't felt in years . 
 i find a gauzy black dress that i 've never liked in the back of my closet , and i rip the hem shorter . 
 orange-and-yellow makeup . 
 red wig . 
 boots that lace to my knees . 
 tonight , i 'm fire . 
 i storm downstairs . 
 my parents are talking quietly in the kitchen . 
 i have no idea where norah is , and i do n't care . 
 i throw open the front door , and there 's a loud , `` hey ! '' 
 but i 'm already blazing down to the sidewalk . 
 where 's max ? 
 where is he ? 
 `` dolores nolan , get your ass back in here , '' nathan says from the doorway . 
 andy is behind him . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to max 's show ! '' 
 i yell back . 
 `` you are n't going anywhere in that mood or dressed like that , '' nathan says . 
 a familiar white van turns the corner and speeds up our hill . 
 andy swears , and my parents push out the door but block each other in the process . 
 the van jerks to a halt . 
 johnny ocampo slides the door open . 
 `` do not get in that van , '' nathan shouts . 
 i give johnny my hand . 
 he pulls me inside and slams the door . 
 i crash into a folded cymbal stand as the van lurches forward , and i shriek in pain . 
 max lets out a rapid string of profanity at the sight of blood running down my arm . 
 the van jerks to another stop as he leans back to make sure i 'm okay . 
 `` i 'm fine , i 'm fine ! 
 go ! '' 
 i look out the window to see my parents on the sidewalk , frozen in disbelief . 
 and behind them , sitting on the steps of the lavender victorian-as if they 've been there for a long , long time-are cricket and calliope bell . 
 the van roars away . 
 chapter fifteen i should n't have come here . 
 it takes the band forever to set up , and i 'm left alone the entire time . 
 i did n't bring my phone , so i ca n't call lindsey . 
 the club is cold and unfriendly . 
 i cleaned the blood off my arm in the bathroom , but it was only a scratch . 
 i 'm restless . 
 and i feel stupid . 
 my parents will be enraged , norah will still be in my house , and the twins were witness to another foolish act . 
 the memory of their expressions is almost too much to bear : the scorn of calliope , the hurt of cricket , the shock of my parents . 
 i 'm in so much trouble . 
 as always , my mind returns again and again to cricket bell . 
 muir woods seems like a lifetime ago . 
 i remember what i felt , but i can no longer remember how . 
 `` lola ? '' 
 what 's that ? 
 who 's here ? 
 who did my parents send ? 
 i 'm almost surprised they have n't showed up themselves - `` we thought it was you . '' 
 it 's anna . 
 `` hard to tell sometimes . '' 
 and st. clair . 
 they 're holding hands and smiling , and i 'm so relieved that i fall back against the club 's brick wall . 
 `` ohthankgod , it 's you . '' 
 `` are you drunk ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i straighten and hold up my chin . 
 `` no . 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` we 're here to see max 's band , '' st. clair says slowly . 
 `` since you invited us ? 
 last week ? 
 remember ? '' 
 anna adds at my confusion . 
 i do n't remember . 
 i was so worried about max touring and the day trip with cricket that i could have invited the editor of teenvogue and forgotten about it . 
 `` of course . 
 thanks for coming , '' i say distractedly . 
 they do n't buy it . 
 and i end up spilling another private story to them : the story of my birth parents . 
 anna grasps the banana on her necklace as if the tiny bead is a talisman . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lola . 
 i had no idea . '' 
 `` not many people do . '' 
 `` so cricket was with you when you found her on your porch ? '' 
 st. clair asks . 
 his question snags my full attention . 
 i 'd purposefully left cricket out of the story . 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 `` how did you know that ? '' 
 st. clair shrugs , but he looks self-chastised . 
 like he said something he should n't have . 
 `` he mentioned something about taking a road trip with you . 
 that 's all . '' 
 he knows . 
 st. clair knows that cricket likes me . 
 i wonder if they 've already talked this evening , if st. clair already knew what happened with my mother . 
 `` i do n't believe it , '' i say . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` cricket told you . 
 he told you about all of this , about my mother . '' 
 anger rises inside of me again . 
 `` is that why you 're here ? 
 did he send you to check up on me ? '' 
 st. clair 's countenance hardens . 
 `` i have n't spoken with him in two days . 
 you invited anna and myself here , so we came . 
 you 're welcome . '' 
 he 's telling the truth , but my temper is already boiling . 
 anna grabs my arm and walks me forward . 
 `` fresh air , '' she says . 
 `` fresh air would be good . '' 
 i throw her off and feel terrible at the sight of her wounded expression . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i ca n't look at either of them . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'll go alone . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 but she sounds relieved . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'll be back . 
 sorry , '' i mumble again . 
 i spend a miserable fifteen minutes outside . 
 when i come back , the club is packed . 
 there 's hardly standing room . 
 anna has snagged a wooden bar stool , one of the few seats here . 
 st. clair stands close to her , facing her , and he smoothes the platinum stripe in her hair . 
 she pulls him even closer by the top of his jeans , one finger tucked inside . 
 it 's an intimate gesture . 
 i 'm embarrassed to watch , but i ca n't look away . 
 he kisses her slowly and deeply . 
 they do n't care that anyone could watch . 
 or maybe they 've forgotten they are n't alone . 
 when they break apart , anna says something that makes him fall into silly , boyish laughter . 
 for some reason , that 's the moment that makes me turn away . 
 something about their love is painful . 
 i turn toward the bar for a bottle of water , but anna calls out to me again . 
 i head back , feeling irrationally aggravated that they 're here . 
 `` better ? '' 
 st. clair asks , but not in a mean way . 
 he looks concerned . 
 `` yeah . 
 thanks . 
 sorry about all that . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 and i think we 're leaving it at that when he adds , `` i understand what it 's like to be ashamed of a parent . 
 my father is not a good man . 
 i do n't talk about him either . 
 thank you for trusting us . '' 
 his serious tone throws me , and i 'm touched by this rare glimpse into his life . 
 anna squeezes his hand and changes the subject . 
 `` i 'm looking forward to this . '' 
 she nods toward the band onstage . 
 max 's guitar is slung low as he adjusts something on his amplifier . 
 they 're about to start . 
 `` you 'll introduce us to him afterward , right ? '' 
 max has been too busy to come out and say hello . 
 i feel bad about this . 
 i feel bad about everything tonight . 
 `` of course . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` you neglected to mention that he 's much cooler than us . '' 
 worry has crept into her voice . 
 st. clair , back to himself , is clearly ready with a catty reply , and i 'm pleased that the moment he opens his mouth is the same moment amphetamine explodes into their set . 
 his words-all words but my boyfriend 's - are lost . 
 the intensity radiating from max mirrors what i feel burning inside of myself . 
 his lyrics are by turn tender and sweet , scathing and cruel . 
 he sings about falling in love and breaking up and running away , and it 's nothing that has n't been sung before , but it 's the way he sings it . 
 every word is saturated in bitter truth . 
 johnny and craig push an aggressive rhythm , and max attacks his guitar with string-breaking ferocity . 
 the songs become openly malicious , as if even the assembled crowd is to be distrusted , and when it 's time for the acoustic number , his usual soul-searching turns belligerent and cynical . 
 his amber eyes lock with mine across the room , and i 'm filled with his vicious attitude . 
 i know it 's wrong , but it only makes me want him more . 
 the crowd is fevered and delirious . 
 it 's the best performance he 's ever given . 
 and it 's for me . 
 when it 's over , i turn to my friends for their reaction . 
 anna and st. clair look shocked . 
 impressed but ... definitely shocked . 
 `` he 's good , lola . 
 he 's really good , '' anna says at last . 
 `` has he considered therapy ? '' 
 st. clair asks , and anna elbows him in the ribs . 
 `` ow . '' 
 i glare at him , and he shrugs . 
 `` it was incredible , '' he continues . 
 `` i 'm merely pointing out the presence of untempered rage . '' 
 `` how can you - '' `` i need the bathroom , '' anna says . 
 `` please do n't kill my boyfriend while i 'm gone . 
 and do n't leave until i 've met max ! '' 
 he 's weaving his way toward us now . 
 people are clapping him on the back and trying to engage him in conversation , but max 's eyes are only on mine as he brushes past them . 
 my heart beats faster . 
 the dark roots of his bleached hair and his black t-shirt are sweaty . 
 i 'm reminded of the night we met , and there 's a flare inside of me that 's near animalistic . 
 max stiffens as he reaches for an embrace . 
 he 's noticed st. clair . 
 max 's jaw tightens as he sizes him up , but st. clair slides in an easy introduction . 
 `` etienne st. clair . 
 my girlfriend anna '' - he points to her retreating figure - `` and i work with lola at the theater . 
 you must be max . '' 
 my boyfriend relaxes . 
 `` right . '' 
 he shakes st. clair 's outstretched hand , and then he 's already pulling me away . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's get out of here . '' 
 max . 
 yes , i want to be with max . 
 `` thanks for coming . 
 tell anna bye for me , okay ? '' 
 st. clair looks royally pissed . 
 `` yeah . 
 sure . '' 
 max leads me down the block to his van . 
 he opens the door , and i 'm surprised to discover it 's still empty . 
 we climb in . 
 `` the next band is using johnny 's drums . 
 i asked the guys to wait a few minutes before loading the rest . '' 
 i slam the door , and we 're on top of each other . 
 i want to forget everything . 
 i kiss him hard . 
 he pushes back harder . 
 it does n't take long . 
 we collapse . 
 i close my eyes . 
 my temples are still throbbing with the sound of his music . 
 i hear the flick of max 's lighter , but the smell that greets me is n't cigarette smoke . 
 it 's sweet and sticky . 
 he nudges me in a silent offer . 
 i refuse . 
 the contact high is enough . 
 max drops me off around two in the morning . 
 i forget my wig in his van . 
 i feel like a disaster . 
 once again , i 'm racked with guilt and anger and confusion . 
 i drag myself inside , and my parents are there , as if they 've been waiting by the door since i left . 
 they probably have . 
 i brace myself for their wrath . 
 it does n't come . 
 `` thank god . '' 
 andy crumples onto our chaise longue . 
 my parents are both on the verge of tears , and the sight makes me cry for the hundredth time today , huge embarrassing hiccuping sobs . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 nathan embraces me in an iron-tight hug . 
 `` do n't you ever do that again . '' 
 i 'm shaking . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` we 'll talk about this tomorrow , dolores . '' 
 nathan leads me upstairs , and andy trails behind . 
 i 'm closing my bedroom door when nathan says , `` you smell like pot . 
 we 'll talk about that tomorrow , too . '' 
 i open my window and look into the night sky . 
 `` i need your help . '' 
 the moon is thin , a sliver of a waning crescent . 
 but she 's listening . 
 it 's four in the morning . 
 i ca n't sleep , so i tell her about my last twenty-four hours . 
 `` and i do n't know what to do , '' i say . 
 `` it 's all happening at once , but everything i do seems to be wrong . 
 what am i supposed to do ? '' 
 cricket 's window slides open . 
 i dive for my closest pair of glasses so that i can see him . 
 his hair is puffy from sleep , even taller than usual , and his eyes are half shut . 
 `` you still talk to the moon ? '' 
 his question is n't condescending , it 's curious . 
 `` pretty dumb , huh ? '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 `` did i wake you up ? 
 did you hear me ? '' 
 `` i heard you talking , but i did n't hear what you said . '' 
 i let out a slow exhale of relief . 
 i need to be more careful . 
 it does n't escape my attention that it 's nice to know when someone is telling the truth . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it 's sunday night , you should be in your dorm . '' 
 cricket is quiet . 
 he 's deciding how to answer . 
 a car with thumping club music cruises down our street , looking for parking . 
 when the bass fades away , he says , `` i wanted to make sure you were okay . 
 i was waiting for your light to come on . 
 i fell asleep . '' 
 he sounds guilty . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` i 'll leave early in the morning . '' 
 cricket glances across his room at a clock . 
 he sighs . 
 `` in two hours , actually . '' 
 `` well , i 'm here . 
 i made it . 
 barely . '' 
 he stares at me . 
 it 's so intense that it 's almost invasive . 
 i look down at the alley between our houses , and a stray cat is wandering through andy 's compost pile . 
 `` you did n't have to do that , '' i say . 
 `` i probably should n't have . 
 i 'm not the right person for you to talk to . '' 
 `` is that why you called lindsey ? '' 
 he shrugs uncomfortably . 
 `` did you talk with her ? 
 before you left ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 `` the cat jumps onto our recycling bin . 
 it looks up , and its haunted eyes flash at me through the darkness . 
 i shiver . 
 `` you 're cold , '' cricket says . 
 `` you should go to bed . '' 
 `` i ca n't sleep . '' 
 `` do you feel better ? '' 
 he blurts . 
 `` did max help ? '' 
 i 'm filled with shame . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i whisper . 
 we 're silent for several minutes . 
 i turn my head and watch the street , the moon , the street . 
 i feel him watch me , the stars , me . 
 the wind is biting . 
 i want to go inside , but i 'm afraid to lose his company . 
 our friendship is teetering on the verge of extinction again . 
 i do n't know what i want , but i do know that i do n't want to lose him . 
 `` cricket ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i peel my gaze from the sky to meet his eyes . 
 `` will you come home next weekend ? '' 
 he closes them . 
 i get the strangest sense he 's thanking someone . 
 `` yes , '' he says . 
 `` of course . '' 
 chapter sixteen nathan wakes me up early so we can talk before school . 
 also as punishment , i assume . 
 i 've only had three hours of sleep . 
 as i 'm getting dressed , i peek through my curtains and discover that cricket has left his open . 
 his usual leather satchel and laundry bag are gone . 
 there 's a pang in the hollow of my chest . 
 i drag myself downstairs . 
 andy is awake-he 's never awake this early-and he 's making scrambled eggs . 
 nathan is checking his email at the table in one of his nicest suits . 
 there 's no sign of norah . 
 she 's probably on the foldout couch in nathan 's office . 
 `` here . '' 
 andy slides a mug of coffee toward me . 
 he does n't approve of me drinking coffee , so this is serious . 
 we take seats beside nathan , and he sets aside his phone . 
 `` lola , we understand why you left last night , '' he says . 
 i 'm shocked . 
 i 'm also relieved that i 'm lola , not dolores . 
 nathan continues , `` but it does n't excuse your behavior . 
 you scared us to death . '' 
 now that sounds about right . 
 the lecture i 'd expected follows . 
 it 's painful , it 's extensive , and it ends with me receiving a month of grounding . 
 they do n't believe me when i tell them i did n't smoke the pot , which they know was max 's , and i ca n't convince them otherwise on either point . 
 i get a lengthy side lecture about the hazards of drug use , to which i could just as easily point to the closed office door and say , `` duh . '' 
 but i do n't . 
 my walk to school is long , my day at school even longer . 
 lindsey tries to entertain me with stories about the twitchy man her parents hired to help in the restaurant . 
 she 's convinced he has a dark secret like a hidden identity or the knowledge of a government cover-up . 
 but all i can think about is tonight . 
 i do n't have work . 
 i do n't have a date with max , and i wo n't have one apart from sunday brunch-if he 'll even show up anymore - for another month . 
 and ... no cricket . 
 at least the next month will give me plenty of time to work on my dress . 
 the thought does n't cheer me.the stays are progressing faster than expected , and i 've even started the wig , but the panniers are frustrating . 
 i still ca n't find any satisfying instructions . 
 i spend my afternoon doing homework , chatting online with lindsey , and adding chicken wire to the top of my white base wig . 
 marie antoinette wore enormous wigs . 
 the wire will give it the necessary height without drastically increasing the weight . 
 i 'll cover it later with matching fake hair . 
 norah is talking with andy in the kitchen . 
 they picked up her things today , and the boxes have covered nathan 's antiques and taken over our entire living room . 
 the cardboard smells like incense and grime . 
 norah 's voice is weary , and i wince and turn up my music . 
 i still have n't seen her . 
 i 'll have to soon , but i 'm putting it off as long as possible . 
 until dinner , i guess . 
 the doorbell rings at six-thirty . 
 i pause-my pliers on the wire , my ears perked . 
 cricket ? 
 but then i hear max 's deep and gravelly voice . 
 my pliers drop , and i 'm skidding downstairs . 
 there 's no way , there 's no way , there 's no way . 
 except ... there he is . 
 he 's even abandoned his usual black t-shirt for a striped button-up . 
 his tattoos poke out of the bottom of his sleeves . 
 and he 's wearing his glasses , of course . 
 `` max , '' i say . 
 he smiles at me . 
 `` hey . '' 
 andy looks as surprised as i feel . 
 he 's clueless about what to do next . 
 i throw my arms around max . 
 he hugs me back tightly but pulls away after only a moment . 
 `` wanted to make sure you 're surviving , '' he whispers . 
 i squeeze his hand and do n't let go . 
 i had no idea how much i needed to see him again , to know everything is okay between us . 
 i 'm not sure why i thought things would be different , other than last night felt different . 
 he 's apologizing to my father . 
 i know it must be killing him to do this . 
 he states his words calmly and briefly . 
 `` thank you for saying that , max . '' 
 andy hesitates , despising what he knows has to come next . 
 `` wo n't you stay for dinner ? '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'd love to . '' 
 max knew my parents would be out to get him , and he 's called them on it by showing up tonight . 
 he 's so smart . 
 `` so you 're the boyfriend . '' 
 max , andy , and i grow rigid as norah leans against the door frame between our living room and the kitchen . 
 even though nathan is several years older than his sister , norah looks at least a decade older . 
 in their childhood , she shared the same round face as nathan and me , but time and substance abuse have left her frail and worn . 
 her skin hangs as loose as her straggled hair . 
 at least she 's had a shower . 
 `` max . 
 meet norah , '' i say . 
 he nods at her . 
 she stares back , her expression dead . 
 `` you have a lot of nerve showing up here . '' 
 everyone freezes again at the sound of nathan 's voice . 
 still holding hands , max and i turn around . 
 my father sets down his briefcase beside the front door . 
 the muscles in max 's hand twitch , but he keeps his speech devoid of the emotion i know he feels . 
 `` i came to apologize . 
 it was irresponsible for me to take lola away last night . 
 she was upset , and i wanted to help her . 
 it was the wrong way . '' 
 `` damn straight it was the wrong way . '' 
 `` dad . '' 
 `` nathan , '' andy says quickly . 
 `` let 's talk in the office . '' 
 the wait is unbearable before nathan removes his glare from max and follows andy . 
 the office door shuts . 
 i 'm sweating . 
 i let go of max 's hand and realize my own is shaking . 
 `` the worst is over , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm grounded for a month . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` shit . '' 
 there 's a rude snort in the kitchen doorway , and i 'm about to completely lose it . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 now max does sound pissed off . 
 `` i did n't realize this conversation was any of your business . '' 
 norah gives a cruel smile . 
 `` you 're right . 
 what would i know about a teenage girl running away and getting into trouble with her boyfriend ? '' 
 `` i did n't run away , '' i protest as max says , `` you 're out of line . '' 
 she strolls into the kitchen and out of sight . 
 `` am i ? '' 
 she calls out . 
 i want to die . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 for all of this . '' 
 `` do n't apologize . '' 
 he 's harsh . 
 `` i 'm not here for them . 
 i 'm here for you . '' 
 the office door bangs open , and nathan marches straight upstairs to their bedroom without looking at us . 
 andy gives a tense , fake smile . 
 `` dinner in ten minutes . '' 
 nathan has changed out of his work clothes . 
 he 's trying , but barely . 
 i did n't know it was possible to pass a dish of vegetarian lasagna with such hostility . 
 `` so . 
 max . 
 how was the show in ll.a . ? 
 we did n't realize you 'd be back so soon . '' 
 could this get any worse ? 
 `` it was in santa monica , and it went well . 
 we 've booked two more shows there . '' 
 yes . 
 it could get worse . 
 `` do you plan on doing a lot of touring ? '' 
 andy asks . 
 i ca n't decide if he sounds hopeful or skeptical . 
 `` we 'd like to do more . 
 i do n't want to read meters for the rest of my life . '' 
 `` so you think this is a valid career choice ? '' 
 nathan asks . 
 `` you think it 's reasonable to expect success ? '' 
 `` oh my god , '' i say . 
 nathan holds up his hands in apology , but he does n't say anything . 
 max stews silently beside me . 
 norah stares out the window , no doubt longing to be anywhere but here . 
 i scrape the spinach lasagna across my plate without picking it up . 
 `` i only mentioned the show , '' nathan says a minute later , `` because it was unfortunate that it meant you had to miss our trip . 
 we went to muir woods with - '' `` a picnic basket ! '' 
 i say . 
 nathan gives me a smug expression . 
 it was a test . 
 he was testing me , to see if max knew about the trip with cricket . 
 `` you did n't miss anything , '' i say . 
 `` besides the food . 
 of course . '' 
 max smells the lie , though he does n't dare approach it in front of my parents . 
 but i feel the wall build between us . 
 `` hey , i have an idea , '' i say . 
 `` let 's talk about norah . '' 
 `` lola , '' andy says . 
 she snaps her head toward me as if coming out of a trance . 
 `` what ? '' 
 and then she blinks . 
 `` what are you wearing ? '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` what is that ? 
 what are you supposed to be ? '' 
 i 'm in a dress with rainbow tulle poking out from underneath , and my hair is in two long braids that i 've gelled with glitter . 
 i glare at her . 
 `` me . 
 i 'm me . '' 
 norah frowns her disapproval , and nathan turns to her . 
 `` enough . 
 back off . '' 
 `` of course she has the right to complain about my wardrobe . '' 
 i gesture to her saggy sweater , the one she 's had forever that 's the color of oatmeal left in the sink . 
 `` she 's clearly on the cutting edge of fashion . '' 
 max smirks . 
 `` o-kaaaay ! '' 
 andy jumps up . 
 `` who wants pie ? '' 
 `` wait until you see my dress for the winter formal , '' i tell norah . 
 `` it 's big and it 's lavish and it 's beautiful , and you 're just going to love it . '' 
 norah jerks her face back toward the window . 
 like she has any right to feel hurt after attacking me . 
 max stiffens again , and nathan ca n't resist pouncing upon it . 
 `` what will you wear to the dance , max ? '' 
 `` he 'll wear a tux , '' i snap . 
 `` i would n't make him wear a matching costume . '' 
 max stands . 
 `` i got ta go . '' 
 i burst into tears . 
 nathan looks shamed . 
 max takes my hand and walks me to the front door . 
 we step outside . 
 i do n't care that i 'm grounded . 
 `` i 'm s-sorry . '' 
 this time he does n't tell me not to apologize . 
 `` that was messed up , lola . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` so tell me , did nathan approve of norah 's ` career choice ' as a fortune-teller ? '' 
 i feel sick . 
 `` it wo n't be that bad on sunday . '' 
 `` sunday . '' 
 max lifts a dark brow . 
 `` brunch . 
 right . '' 
 he drops my hand and puts his own in his pockets . 
 `` so are you serious about that dance ? '' 
 i 'm startled . 
 i 've talked about my dress a hundred times before . 
 i wipe the tears from my cheeks , wishing i had something other than my fingers . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` lola . 
 i 'm twenty-two . '' 
 max reacts quickly to my crushed expression . 
 he reaches for both of my hands this time , and he draws me into and against his body . 
 `` but if it makes you happy , i 'll do it . 
 if i can survive these stupid meals , i can survive one stupid dance . '' 
 i hate that it sounds like a punishment . 
 chapter seventeen ta-da ! '' 
 st. clair bursts into the lobby with the flourish of a magician . 
 he 's showing off for anna as he always does . 
 it 's thursday , and he is n't scheduled to work , but of course he 's here anyway . 
 though tonight is different . 
 he 's brought someone . 
 here 's the thing about cricket bell . 
 you ca n't not notice him when he walks into a room . 
 the first thing that registers is his height , but it 's quickly followed by recognition of his energy . 
 he moves gracefully like his sister , but with an enthusiasm he ca n't quite seem to control-the constantly moving body , hands , feet . 
 he 's been subdued the last few times i 've seen him , but he 's fully revived now . 
 `` anna , '' st. clair says . 
 `` this is cricket . '' 
 cricket dwarfs st. clair . 
 they look like rocky and bullwinkle , and the comfortable manner between them makes it appear they 've been friends just as long . 
 i suppose when one overly kind person and one overly outgoing person become friends , it 's easy like that . 
 anna smiles . 
 `` we keep missing each other in the dorm . 
 it 's nice to finally meet you . '' 
 `` likewise , '' cricket says . 
 `` i 've heard nothing but good things . 
 in fact , if i were n't standing next to your boyfriend , i 'd be tempted to ask you out myself . '' 
 she blushes , and st. clair bounds inside the box office and wrestles her into a hug . 
 `` miiiiiiiiine ! '' 
 he says . 
 the couple buying tickets from me eyes him warily . 
 `` cut it out . '' 
 anna pushes him off , laughing . 
 `` you 'll get fired . 
 and then i 'll have to support your sorry arse for the rest of our lives . '' 
 the rest of their lives . 
 why does this always make me uneasy ? 
 i 'm not bothered that they 're happy , am i ? 
 he hops into his usual sitting position on the counter , and they 're already laughing about something else . 
 cricket waits on the other side of the glass , looking amused . 
 i hand the couple their change . 
 `` so ... what are you doing in the city on a weekday ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` i ran into st. clair an hour ago , and he talked me into coming along . 
 he said we 'd see a movie , '' he adds loudly . 
 `` right , '' st. clair says . 
 `` that moving-pictures thing . 
 let 's do it . '' 
 but he returns to his conversation with anna . 
 cricket and i exchange smiles . 
 `` come in . '' 
 i nod at the box-office door . 
 a man in a fuzzy chartreuse sweater approaches my window , but even that 's not enough to distract me from watching cricket as he moves toward the door . 
 those long , easy strides . 
 my chest swells with both heartache and heartbreak . 
 he enters , and i jerk away my gaze . 
 `` enjoy the show , '' i tell the sweater man . 
 cricket waits behind me while i print tickets for two more people . 
 it 's impossible to concentrate with him standing there . 
 the lobby empties again , and he takes the chair beside me . 
 his hems rise and reveal his socks . 
 blue and purple stripes . 
 on his left hand is a list : ch 12 , shampoo , box . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 he asks . 
 it 's not a casual question . 
 i remove my glasses for a moment to rub my tired eyes . 
 `` surviving . '' 
 `` but she wo n't be there for much longer . '' 
 he fidgets with his watch . 
 `` will she ? '' 
 `` her credit is shot , and she 's failed the background check for every potential apartment . '' 
 he grimaces . 
 `` in other words , she 's not leaving tomorrow . '' 
 `` the break-in charges from when she tried to get back inside her apartment are n't helping either . '' 
 i cross my arms . 
 `` she wants nathan to sue to have the charges against her dropped , but he wo n't . 
 not when she was in the wrong . '' 
 cricket 's frown deepens , and i realize that he does n't know about norah 's recent arrest . 
 i fill him in , because ... he already knows everything else . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 his voice turns to anguish . 
 `` is there anything i can do to help ? '' 
 there 's a certain restraint in his muscles as he struggles to keep from reaching out to me . 
 `` what 's box ? '' 
 i blurt . 
 he 's thrown . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i point at his hand . 
 `` read chapter twelve and buy shampoo , right ? 
 what 's box ? '' 
 his right hand absentmindedly covers his left . 
 `` oh . 
 uh , i need to find one . '' 
 i wait for more . 
 he looks away , and his body follows him . 
 `` and i did . 
 find one . 
 i 'm moving some stuff back into my parents ' house . 
 my room at school is crowded . 
 and my other bedroom is empty . 
 it has lots of space . 
 for things . '' 
 `` you ... you do spend a lot of weekends there . '' 
 `` and schoolbreaks and summers . '' 
 the words tumble out , and his face darkens as if shamed by his eagerness . 
 no conversation is safe anymore . 
 st. clair interrupts with timing so perfect that he must have been listening . 
 `` hey , did you know that cricket bell is related to alexander graham bell ? '' 
 `` everyone who knows cricket knows that , '' i say . 
 `` really ? '' 
 anna looks genuinely interested . 
 `` that 's cool . '' 
 cricket rubs his neck . 
 `` no , it 's dumb trivia , that 's all . '' 
 `` are you joking ? '' 
 st. clair says . 
 `` he 's one of the most important inventors in the entire history of the world . 
 ever ! 
 and - '' `` it 's nothing , '' cricket interrupts . 
 i 'm taken aback , but then i remember that first night he was home , when i mentioned his middle name and our conversation grew awkward . 
 something has changed . 
 but what ? 
 `` forgive his enthusiasm . '' 
 anna grins at her boyfriend . 
 `` he 's a history nerd . '' 
 i ca n't resist bragging . 
 `` cricket happens to be a brilliant inventor himself . '' 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 cricket squirms . 
 `` i mess around . 
 it 's not a big deal . '' 
 st. clair looks enraptured . 
 `` just think . 
 you 're the direct descendant of the man who invented '' - he pulls out his cell - `` this ! '' 
 `` he did n't invent that , '' cricket says drily . 
 `` well , not this , '' st. clair says . 
 `` but the idea . 
 the first one . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 this is the most frustrated i 've ever seen cricket . 
 `` i mean he did n't invent the telephone . 
 period . '' 
 the three of us blink at him . 
 `` anna confused , '' anna says . 
 `` alexander graham bell did n't invent the telephone , a man named elisha gray did . 
 my great-great-great-grandfather stole the idea from him . 
 and gray was n't even the first . 
 there were others , one before alexander was even born . 
 they just did n't realize the full implications of what they 'd created . '' 
 st. clair is fascinated . 
 `` what do you mean , he stole the idea ? '' 
 `` i mean , alexander stole the idea , took credit for it , and made an unbelievable sum of money that should n't have been his . '' 
 cricket is furious now . 
 `` my family 's entire legacy is based on a lie . '' 
 well . 
 that would explain the change . 
 st. clair looks guilty for unintentionally goading cricket into telling us . 
 he opens his mouth to speak , but cricket shakes his head . 
 `` sorry , i should n't let it get to me . '' 
 `` when did you learn this ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 `` a couple of years ago . 
 there was a book . '' 
 i do n't like the expression on his face . 
 further memories of his reluctance to talk about his inventions creep into my mind . 
 `` cricket ... just because he stole the idea does n't mean what you do is - '' but he launches toward st. clair . 
 `` movie ? '' 
 anna and i stare at him in concern , but st. clair easily takes over again . 
 `` yes , if you ladies no longer require our services , i believe we 're off . '' 
 cricket is already halfway to the door . 
 my heart screams in surprised agony . 
 he halts . 
 it 's as if he 's physically stopped by something we ca n't see . 
 `` will you be here later ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 `` when the movie gets out ? '' 
 my throat dries . 
 `` i should be here . '' 
 he bites his bottom lip . 
 and then they 're gone . 
 `` he 's so into you , '' anna says . 
 i rearrange a stack of quarters and try to calm my thumping chest . 
 what just happened ? 
 `` cricket 's a nice guy . 
 he 's always been like that . '' 
 `` then he 's always been into you . '' 
 yes . 
 he has . 
 anna whisks out the glass cleaner and sprays a smudge that st. clair left behind on the window . 
 her smile fades as she grows deeper in thought . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i 'm desperate for a topic change . 
 `` me ? 
 nothing , i 'm fine . '' 
 `` no way , '' i say . 
 `` it 's your turn . 
 spill it . '' 
 `` it 's ... my family is coming to visit . '' 
 she sets down the cleaner , but her hand tightens on the nozzle . 
 `` they met etienne at our graduation last year , and they liked him , but my mom is pretty freaked out by how fast we 're moving . 
 this visit could be so uncomfortable . '' 
 i pry the cleaner away from her . 
 `` do you think you 're moving too fast ? '' 
 anna loosens and smiles again , love-struck . 
 `` definitely not . '' 
 `` then you 'll be fine . '' 
 i nudge her . 
 `` besides , everyone loves your boyfriend . 
 maybe your mom has just forgotten how gosh darn charming he is . '' 
 she laughs . 
 another patron comes to my window , and i print his ticket . 
 when he leaves , anna turns back to me and asks , `` what about you ? 
 how are things with max these days ? '' 
 i 'm struck by a terrible realization . 
 `` oh , no . 
 you wanted to meet him . 
 we left ! '' 
 `` you had a bad night . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 `` yeah , but - '' `` it 's okay , i swear . 
 everyone makes mistakes . '' 
 anna stands and grabs her work keys . 
 `` the important thing is to not make the same mistake twice . '' 
 my guilt deepens . 
 `` i 'm sorry about last week . 
 when i came back from dinner late . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` that 's not what i was thinking about . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 anna looks at me carefully . 
 `` sometimes a mistake is n't a what . 
 it 's a who . '' 
 and she goes to rip tickets down the hall , leaving me with thoughts as jumbled as ever . 
 does she mean max ? 
 or cricket ? 
 an hour later , franko wanders in . 
 he 's about thirty , and his hair is unevenly shorn . 
 like , he has random bald spots . 
 `` heeeeeey , lola . 
 have you seen the thing ? '' 
 `` what thing ? '' 
 `` you know ... the thing with ... our schedules on it and stuff ? '' 
 `` you mean our schedule ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 have you seen it ? '' 
 i glance around . 
 `` not in here . 
 sorry . '' 
 but franko is already sifting through a pile of papers on the counter . 
 he knocks the phone off its hook , and i grab it . 
 `` careful ! '' 
 `` did you find it ? '' 
 franko spins around as i 'm coming up . 
 his elbow jams into my face and knocks my glasses to the floor . 
 `` whoops . 
 i got it , lola . '' 
 there 's a sickening crunch of plastic . 
 `` franko ! '' 
 my world has turned into blobs of color and light . 
 `` whoa . 
 sorry , lola . 
 were those real ? '' 
 anna rushes in . 
 `` what ? 
 what happened ? 
 oh . '' 
 she bends over to pick up what i assume are my glasses . 
 her voice does n't sound promising . 
 `` dude . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you ca n't see ? '' 
 she holds them closer to my face . 
 pieces . 
 many , many pieces . 
 i moan . 
 `` sorry , '' franko says again . 
 `` will you please go back to second-floor concessions ? '' 
 anna asks . 
 he leaves . 
 `` do you have another pair ? 
 contacts ? 
 anything ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i moan again . 
 `` okay , no problem . 
 your shift is almost over . 
 your dad will be here soon to pick you up . '' 
 `` i was supposed to take muni . '' 
 of course tonight is the night my parents are busy and leave me to public transportation . 
 `` but you can still take it , right ? '' 
 `` anna , you 're two feet away , and i ca n't tell if you 're smiling or frowning . '' 
 `` okay ... '' she sits down to think but immediately jumps back up . 
 `` etienne and i will take you home ! 
 you 're only a quick detour from my school . '' 
 `` you do n't have - '' `` it 's not a question , '' she interrupts . 
 and i 'm relieved to hear her say it . 
 i 'm useless for the remainder of my shift . 
 we 're ready to leave when the guys return , and anna approaches the st. clair - shaped blob . 
 `` we 're taking lola home . '' 
 `` why ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 the cricket-shaped blob asks . 
 i stare toward my shoes as i explain the situation . 
 `` you ca n't see me ? '' 
 st. clair asks . 
 `` you have no idea what i 'm doing ? '' 
 `` stop it , '' anna says , and they laugh . 
 i do n't know what 's happening . 
 it 's humiliating . 
 `` i 'll take you home , '' cricket says . 
 st. clair protests . 
 `` do n't you have - '' `` i 'm next door . 
 it 's not out of my way . '' 
 i 'm ashamed of my own helplessness . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 the sincerity behind this simple statement tugs at me . 
 he 's not teasing me or making me feel bad about it . 
 but anna sounds worried as she hands me my purse . 
 `` are you sure you 'll be okay ? '' 
 the implied question : are you sure you 'll be okay with cricket ? 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 i give her a reassuring smile . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 and it 's true until we step outside , and i trip over the sidewalk . 
 cricket grabs me . 
 and i collapse again from the shock of his touch . 
 he lifts me up , and despite the coat between us , my arm is buzzing like a fire alarm . 
 `` the sidewalks here are the worst , '' he says . 
 `` the earthquakes have buckled them into land mines . '' 
 cricket removes his hand . 
 i blink at him , and he cautiously offers his arm . 
 i hesitate . 
 and then i take it . 
 and then we 're so close that i smell him . 
 i smell him . 
 his scent is clean like a bar of soap , but with a sweet hint of mechanical oil . 
 we do n't speak as he leads me across the street to the bus stop . 
 i press against him . 
 just a little . 
 his other arm jumps , and he lowers it . 
 but then he raises it again , slowly , and his hand comes to rest on top of mine . 
 it scorches . 
 the heat carries a message : i care about you . 
 i want to be connected to you . 
 do n't let go . 
 but then ... he does . 
 he sits me on the bus stop 's fold-down seats , and he lets go , and he wo n't look at me . 
 we wait in agitated silence . 
 the distance between us grows with each passing minute . 
 will he take my arm again , or will i have to take his ? 
 i steal a glance , but , of course , i ca n't see his expression . 
 our bus exhales against the curb , and the door whooshes open . 
 cricket reaches for me . 
 i look at the yellow glow in the sky that can only be the moon . 
 thank you . 
 we climb aboard , and before i can find my muni pass , he 's paid for my ticket . 
 the bus is empty . 
 it rumbles forward , not waiting for us to sit , and he grabs me tighter . 
 i do n't need to hold on to him , but i do anyway , with both hands . 
 we lower ourselves into a seat . 
 together . 
 i 'm clutching his shirt , and his heart is pounding like a drum . 
 `` hi , '' i whisper . 
 he peels off my hands and turns toward the aisle . 
 `` please do n't make this any harder than it already is , '' he whispers back . 
 and i feel like the world 's biggest jerk . 
 `` right . '' 
 i sink as far away from him as possible . 
 `` sorry . 
 no . '' 
 max 's ghost takes a seat between us . 
 it spreads out its legs territorially . 
 the bus is cold , and the ride to the station is short . 
 this time , i have to take his arm . 
 he leads me robotically . 
 our trip from van ness to the castro is bleak . 
 the train rocks back and forth through the dark tunnels , and my humiliation grows bigger and bigger with each forced jostle against his shoulder . 
 i need out . 
 now . 
 the doors open , and i race through the station and out the turnstile . 
 he 's on my heels . 
 i do n't need him . 
 i do n't need him , i do n't need him , i do n't need him . 
 but i trip on the sidewalk again , and his arm is around my waist , and when i pull from his grasp , he only tightens it . 
 there 's a silent struggle between us as i try to wriggle my way out . 
 `` for a skinny guy , your arms are like a steel trap , '' i hiss . 
 cricket bursts into laughter . 
 his grip loosens , and i break away , stumbling forward . 
 `` oh , come on , lola . '' 
 he 's still laughing . 
 `` let me help you . '' 
 `` i 'm never going anywhere again without a backup vision plan . '' 
 `` i should hope not . '' 
 `` and i 'm only accepting your help because i do n't want to run into something and accidentally rip this glorious polyester uniform . '' 
 `` understood . '' 
 `` and none of this has changed anything between us . '' 
 my voice shakes . 
 `` also understood , '' he says softly . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` okay . '' 
 neither of us moves . 
 he 's leaving it up to me . 
 i tentatively reach for him again . 
 he extends his arm , and i take it . 
 the gesture of one friend helping another . 
 there 's nothing more , because as long as there 's max , there ca n't be anything more . 
 and i love max . 
 so that 's that . 
 `` so , '' cricket says , one quiet block later . 
 `` tell me about this famous dress . '' 
 `` what dress ? '' 
 `` the one you 're making the stays for . 
 it sounds important . '' 
 my conversation with max rushes back in , and i 'm embarrassed . 
 dances are such feminine affairs . 
 i ca n't bear to hear scorn from cricket , too . 
 `` sounds fun . '' 
 `` maybe it would be if i had any idea what i was doing . 
 panniers are these giant , structural contraptions . 
 making them is n't sewing ; it 's construction . 
 and i have illustrations , but i ca n't find decent instructions . '' 
 `` do you want to show me the illustrations ? '' 
 my brow creases . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` maybe i could figure it out . '' 
 i 'm about to say i do n't need his help , when i realize ... he 's exactly the right person for the job . 
 `` um . 
 yeah . 
 that 'd be nice , thanks . '' 
 we 've reached my steps . 
 i gently squeeze his arm and let go . 
 `` i 've got this part . '' 
 `` i 've taken you this far . '' 
 his voice becomes unsteady . 
 `` i can take you that much farther . '' 
 and he reaches for me one last time . 
 i brace myself for the contact . 
 `` cricket ! '' 
 a call from between our houses , and his arm drops like an anchor . 
 she must have been taking out the trash . 
 calliope hugs him from behind , and i ca n't really see her , but she sounds like she 's about to cry . 
 `` practice was a nightmare . 
 i ca n't believe you 're here , you said you could n't come . 
 god , it 's good to see you . 
 i 'll make hot cocoa and tell you all-oh . 
 lola . '' 
 cricket is oddly petrified into silence . 
 `` your very kind brother walked me home from work , '' i explain . 
 `` my glasses broke , and i 'm completely blind . '' 
 she pauses . 
 `` where is it you work again?the movie theater ? '' 
 i 'm surprised she knows . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 calliope turns back to cricket . 
 `` you went to the movies ? 
 what about that huuuge project due tomorrow ? 
 i thought that 's why you could n't come home . 
 how strange . '' 
 `` cal - '' he says . 
 `` i 'll be in the kitchen . '' 
 she stalks away . 
 i wait until she 's inside . 
 `` you have a project due tomorrow ? '' 
 he waits a long time before answering . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you were n't coming home tonight , were you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you came home for me . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 we 're quiet again . 
 i take his arm . 
 `` then take me home . '' 
 chapter eighteen i 'm encouraging him . 
 and i ca n't stop . 
 why ca n't i stop ? 
 i press my palm against the front door , and my forehead comes to rest against it , too . 
 i listen to his footsteps descend on the other side . 
 they 're slow , unhurried . 
 i 'm the one making our lives harder . 
 i 'm the one making this friendship difficult . 
 but he 's the one who wo n't stop coming back . 
 he 's smarter than that . 
 he should know it 's time to move on and to stay away from me . 
 i do n't want him to stay away . 
 what do i want ? 
 the answers are murky and unreadable , though it 's clear i do n't want another broken heart . 
 not his and certainly not mine . 
 he needs to stay away . 
 i do n't want him to stay away . 
 `` that bell boy grew up well , '' norah says . 
 i startle . 
 she 's in the turquoise chaise longue that rests against the front bay window . 
 how long has she been here ? 
 she must have seen us . 
 did she hear us ? 
 she watches him , until i assume his figure disappears , before turning her attention to me . 
 `` you look tired , lola . '' 
 `` speak for yourself . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 but she 's right . 
 i 'm exhausted . 
 we stare at each other . 
 norah is blurry , but i can see enough . 
 her gray shirt hangs loosely against her chest , and she 's wearing one of andy 's grandmother 's old quilts wrapped around her for warmth . 
 her long hair and her thin arms are limp . 
 everything about her hangs . 
 it 's as if her own body has rejected her . 
 i wonder what she sees when she looks at me . 
 `` you know what we need ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i do n't like her use of the word we . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` tea . 
 we need tea . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` i do n't need tea . 
 i need to go to bed . '' 
 norah pulls herself up . 
 she groans as if her joints are sore , as if they were as old as the blanket around her shoulders . 
 she takes my arm , and i flinch . 
 the warm , comforting feeling of cricket 's hand disappears and is replaced by hers , clammy and sharp . 
 she leads me into the kitchen , and i 'm too worn out to stop her . 
 norah pulls out a chair at the table . 
 i sag into it . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' she says . 
 i hear her climb the stairs , followed by the sound of my bedroom door being opened . 
 before i can get worked up , my door shuts again . 
 she returns and hands me another pair of eyeglasses . 
 i 'm surprised . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` what happened to the pair you left in ? '' 
 `` they got stepped on . '' 
 `` someone stepped on your glasses ? '' 
 now she sounds pissed . 
 `` not on purpose . 
 jeez . '' 
 i scowl . 
 `` are my parents still on their date ? '' 
 `` i guess . 
 why should i care ? '' 
 she fills the copper teakettle with tap water and sets it down with more force than necessary . 
 it shakes the stove . 
 `` you had another fight , '' i say . 
 norah does n't respond , but the manner in which she roots through her cardboard box of tea is resentful and angry . 
 her box of tea . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i jump up . 
 `` you 're not reading my leaves . '' 
 `` nonsense . 
 this is what you nee - '' `` you do n't know a thing about what i really need . '' 
 the bitter words spit out before i can stop them . 
 she freezes . 
 her hair falls before her face like a shield . 
 and then she tucks it behind her ears as if i did n't say anything , and she removes something from her box . 
 `` fenghuang dancong oolong . 
 fenghuang means ` phoenix . ' 
 this is the one for you . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 norah opens our cabinet of drinking glasses and takes out a pink teacup . 
 i do n't recognize it , so it must be one of hers . 
 my blood fires again . 
 `` you put your cups in our cabinets ? '' 
 `` just two . '' 
 she pulls out another , the color of jade . 
 `` this one is mine . '' 
 `` so where 's your crystal ball ? 
 beside the television ? 
 will i find your turban in the laundry room ? '' 
 the empty cups rattle against their saucers as she sets them on the table . 
 `` you know i hate that crap . 
 a costume does n't signify meaning or experience . 
 it 's a lie . '' 
 `` and what you do is n't lying ? '' 
 `` sit down , '' she says calmly . 
 `` i 've never let you read my leaves before , so why would i start now ? '' 
 norah thinks for a moment . 
 `` are n't you the least bit curious ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 but i say it too quickly . 
 she spots a waver as the back corners of my mind answer differently . 
 who is n't the least bit curious ? 
 i know fortune - telling is a deception , but my life has become such a struggle that i ca n't help but hope for an answer anyway . 
 maybe the fortune will tell me something about cricket . 
 maybe it knows something i do n't , or maybe it will make me think of something i would n't have otherwise realized . 
 smugness on her lips . 
 i sit back down but avert my eyes to show how much i dislike being here . 
 the kettle whistles , and norah scoops a spoonful of tea directly into it . 
 the house creaks quietly while the oolong steeps . 
 the longer we wait , the edgier i become . 
 i almost get up to leave a dozen times , but curiosity has a strong hold on me . 
 `` drink , '' norah says , when it 's finished . 
 `` leave about half a teaspoon of liquid . '' 
 i sip the tea , because it 's hot . 
 the flavor is light , and it tastes like a peach , but with something darker hidden inside . 
 like smoke . 
 norah does n't mind the heat . 
 she gulps hers down and pours another cup . 
 i finally reach the bottom . 
 i hold the pink cup close and frown at the brown-green leaves , looking for symbols . 
 it 's all lumped together . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 `` take the cup with your left hand . '' 
 `` is that my magic hand ? '' 
 she ignores this , too . 
 `` now turn it three times , counterclockwise-faster than that . 
 yes , good . 
 turn it over onto your saucer . '' 
 `` wo n't all the leaves run out ? '' 
 `` shh . 
 keep your hand on the bottom of the cup . 
 and close your eyes and take a moment to think about what you 'd like to know . '' 
 i feel stupid . 
 that is what i think about . 
 and ... i think about cricket bell . 
 `` turn it back over . 
 carefully , '' she adds . 
 i slow down and right my teacup . 
 the leaves have used the last remaining droplets of liquid to stick to the sides . 
 `` i 'll take that now . '' 
 she 's silent for many minutes . 
 her bony hands tilt the cup every which way , to gain different perspectives or perhaps just to see the shapes better in the dimmed kitchen light . 
 `` well . '' 
 norah sets it down and gestures for me to scoot closer . 
 i do . 
 `` do you see this cloud here , close to the handle ? '' 
 `` sort of.yeah . '' 
 `` that means you 're in a stage of confusion or trouble . 
 but with me living here , we did n't need leaves to tell us that . 
 and this triangle down here , that means you possess a natural talent for creativity . 
 but we did n't need them to know that either . '' 
 i 'm surprised by her frankness , as well as the rare compliment . 
 i scoot a little closer . 
 `` but do you see these dots , traveling around the edge of the cup ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` a path of dots means a journey . 
 this one will be taken over the course of several months . 
 if it circled all the way back around , it would have been at least a year , '' she explains . 
 `` but the journey ends here , into this shape . 
 what does that look like to you ? '' 
 `` um . 
 a moon , maybe ? 
 with a ... stick coming out of it ? '' 
 `` how about a cherry ? '' 
 `` yeah ! 
 i see that . '' 
 `` cherries represent first love . 
 in other words , this path you 're on leads to first love . '' 
 i jolt , and my legs smack the table . 
 the way she does n't startle makes me believe she expected this reaction . 
 does she know how i feel about cricket ? 
 or , should i say , how i felt about him in the past ? 
 she was certainly around , but how much did she observe ? 
 norah is messing with me . 
 she pauses . 
 `` why do n't you tell me what shapes you see in the cup ? '' 
 i stare into it for several minutes . 
 i look for dogs or shoes or anything recognizable , but all i see are wet leaves . 
 my eyes keep returning to the cherry . 
 i set the cup down . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 there 's a pile of sticks on that side . 
 and a curlicue thing . '' 
 `` okay . 
 the loop is near the rim , so that means you 've been making-or you 'll soon be making-impulsive actions . '' 
 `` good or bad ? '' 
 i quickly ask . 
 she shrugs . 
 `` could be either , but are things done on impulse ever really a good idea ? '' 
 `` is that something your therapist told you ? '' 
 i snap . 
 norah 's tone darkens . 
 `` and see how the sticks are crossed , all on top of each other ? 
 that suggests a series of arguments . 
 it usually leads to a parting . '' 
 her voice is short . 
 `` a parting . '' 
 i stand . 
 `` yes , thank you . 
 this was very educational . '' 
 arguments , partings , impulses . 
 clouds of confusion . 
 i thought fortunes were supposed to make people feel better about their lives . 
 i thought that 's why people paid money to hear them . 
 and a journey to first love ? 
 just because max insulted her does n't mean she has to steer me into the arms of another guy . 
 though it did look like a cherry . 
 i do n't know why i 'm giving any of this crap my consideration . 
 norah thinks my costumes are lies , that they lack meaning ? 
 she should look in the mirror . 
 her entire livelihood-what 's left of it-lacks meaning . 
 i 'm steaming as i brush my teeth and get ready for bed . 
 i turn off my lights just as a light behind my curtains flicks on . 
 so he 's staying the night . 
 has he been talking to calliope ? 
 i wonder if he 'll be able to complete his project for school , whatever it is . 
 probably not . 
 i toss in my bedcovers , unable to sleep from the guilt over cricket , from the caffeine in the tea , from that stupid freaking cherry . 
 maybe cherries do n't mean first love . 
 maybe they mean the person you lose your virginity to . 
 it would make more sense , and in that case , my path leads to max . 
 which means i 'm on the right path ? 
 i hear his window slide open . 
 and then ... nothing more . 
 i do n't know why , but i think he 'll call my name . 
 he does n't . 
 i grab my glasses and creep out of bed . 
 i peer through the darkness . 
 cricket is looking up , staring at the sky . 
 i watch him silently . 
 he does n't move . 
 i reach for my curtain , that impulse i ca n't control , and open my window . 
 `` hi , '' i say . 
 he looks directly at me . 
 his eyes are deepened as if he 's still staring at the stars . 
 `` is everything okay with your sister ? '' 
 cricket nods slowly . 
 `` she 'll survive . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry about your project . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 `` will you get to make it up ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` do ... do you want those illustrations ? '' 
 a small smile . 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` okay . 
 hold on . '' 
 i dig through the piles on my floor until i find the binder of pictures printed from the internet and photocopies xeroxed from books - all of the inspiration for my dress that i 've collected since i met max at the beginning of summer . 
 i return to my window , and cricket is sitting in his , just like the first time i saw him again . 
 at the end of summer . 
 `` should i toss it to you ? '' 
 i glance at andy 's compost pile below . 
 a split second of thought and he says , `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 he disappears , leaving me to observe his room . 
 it 's still bare , but traces of him have begun to appear-a science magazine by his bed , a pile of tangled rubber bands on his dresser , a half-filled juice glass on his desk , an unusual coat hanging on the back of his desk chair . 
 cricket returns a minute later with a broom and a metal basket of fruit . 
 he removes the fruit , one by one , and sets them on his dresser . 
 i 'm terrified he 'll pull out a cherry . 
 he does n't . 
 he places the empty basket on the wooden broom handle , raises the end , and the basket slides down to his hand . 
 cricket leans out his window and stretches out the broom handle . 
 his arms are long enough that it reaches me with room to spare . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 i prepare for the catch . 
 `` aye , captain . '' 
 he tilts the broom , and the basket flies down the stick and into my arms . 
 i laugh in delight . 
 `` you know , i really could have thrown it . '' 
 `` would n't want to take the chance . 
 i might have missed it . '' 
 `` you never miss a catch . '' 
 i tuck the binder inside the basket . 
 `` it 's kinda heavy . '' 
 `` i 've got it . '' 
 cricket holds the broom steady and up at an angle . 
 i stretch on my toes to slide the basket 's handle onto the broom . 
 i drop it . 
 the weight lowers the broom , but he raises it in just enough time to send the basket flying back to him . 
 `` ha ! '' 
 his belt buckle clicks against the window frame as he moves his body back inside , and i 'm startled to recognize it . 
 it 's the same belt he 's had for years-black , cracked leather . 
 he pulls down his shirt , which has come up a bit . 
 his torso is so long that shirts are always a little short on him . 
 another detail i 'd forgotten . 
 i shake my head , trying to push away thoughts of his abdomen . 
 but i 'm smiling . 
 `` that was both ridiculously easy and way more complicated than it should have been . '' 
 he smiles back . 
 `` that 's my specialty . '' 
 chapter nineteen i 'm ambushed as i pass the bell house the next morning , but not by the preferred twin . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 calliope 's arms are crossed , and she 's dressed in pale blue running clothes , the same shade of blue as her eyes . 
 cricket 's eyes . 
 the twins also share the same almostblack hair , although hers lies down neat and tidy . 
 but their smiles are night and day . 
 cricket 's looks as if it ca n't be helped , as if it ca n't possibly be contained , while calliope 's looks practiced . 
 no doubt it is . 
 i know how dedicated she is to practice . 
 she 's clearly been waiting for me to come outside before beginning her daily run . 
 to say that i 'm unnerved would be a monumental understatement . 
 `` talk about what ? '' 
 i move today 's schoolbag-a vintage glittery vinyl bowling bag-in front of my chest . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 i glance around our street . 
 `` um . 
 going to school ? '' 
 `` with my brother . '' 
 her voice grows even harder . 
 `` this stops now . 
 i 'm sick of watching you take advantage of him . '' 
 `` ex-excuse me ? '' 
 `` do n't play dumb.you know exactly what i 'm talking about . 
 he 's always been this total sucker for you ; he 'll do anything you say . 
 so , tell me . 
 did you break up with your boyfriend last night before arriving home on cricket 's arm ? '' 
 my face reddens . 
 `` he offered to help me because my glasses broke . 
 i could n't see . '' 
 `` and all of that flirting and pressing your chest into his arm ? 
 did that also help ? '' 
 i 'm too stunned to reply . 
 `` my brother is n't like you , '' she continues . 
 `` he does n't have a lot of experience . 
 he 's only had one girlfriend , and it was n't for long , and she was barely that . 
 i seriously doubt he 's done anything more than kiss . '' 
 the blush grows deeper . 
 the implication is that i have done more , which is none of her business . 
 `` in other words , my brother is pretty freaking clueless when it comes to girls , and he ca n't tell when he 's being had . 
 but i can tell , so i 'm telling you to back off . '' 
 my vision is blurring . 
 i still ca n't find the words to speak . 
 calliope takes a step closer . 
 `` the special trips home to see you , the crushing disappointment whenever he discovers you 're out with max . 
 stop jerking him around . '' 
 enough . 
 `` you 're mistaken . '' 
 i straighten my spine , bone by bone . 
 `` cricket and i are friends . 
 have n't you ever heard of friends ? '' 
 i pause and then shake my head . 
 `` no , i guess not . '' 
 `` i have a best friend . 
 and you 're messing with his head . '' 
 `` messing ... messing with his head ? 
 what about you lying to him , two years ago ? 
 telling him that i did n't want to come to his party ? '' 
 this time , she 's the one who reddens . 
 `` you 're just worried you 're losing him again . 
 now that he 's gone to college , your life must be so lonely . '' 
 i push past her . 
 `` it must be hard when your head cheerleader moves on and gets a life . '' 
 she grabs my coat to stop me . 
 `` this is n't about me . '' 
 `` it 's always about you . '' 
 i shake her off , furious . 
 `` but just so you know , your brother has a life , too . 
 he may not be performing for crowds , but he 's just as talented . 
 but you 'd never notice it because your entire family is stuck in selfish calliope world . '' 
 `` actually . '' 
 the word is slow and venomous . 
 `` i have two talented brothers . 
 and cricket knows that we care about him . '' 
 `` does he ? 
 are you sure about that ? '' 
 `` he would say something . '' 
 but suddenly she looks unsure . 
 `` he does , '' i say through a clenched jaw . 
 `` to me , to my family . 
 now , if you do n't mind , i 'm going to be late for school . '' 
 calliope 's accusations hang over my head like black clouds . 
 taking advantage of him . 
 i 'm not doing anything on purpose-i would never intentionally hurt cricket-but i was already aware that i have n't been doing him any favors . 
 hearing her point it out was awful , and i cringe every time i remember her mentioning the flirting . 
 more uncomfortable is the knowledge that cricket had a girlfriend . 
 even if he is inexperienced , knowing he once dated someone should n't make me feel this way . 
 like my intestines are made of worms . 
 i have max , and cricket should be allowed to have dated someone , too . 
 to be dating someone now . 
 oh god . 
 the thought of cricket with a new girlfriend makes me ill . 
 please , please , please do n't let him get a girlfriend until i become comfortable with this whole friendship thing . 
 and then i feel worse , because jeez , what a selfish wish . 
 max calls me after school to announce another saturday night in santa monica . 
 i knew the band had scheduled more shows down there , but the way he neglected to mention it earlier this week makes me paranoid that this is something additional , something booked to escape our brunch . 
 i have n't seen him since that awful dinner . 
 all i want to do is burrow into his arms and know that everything is still good between us . 
 he offers to take me out during my dinner break at work . 
 we meet at a crappy thai diner , and i ca n't keep my hands off him . 
 i 'm craving closeness . 
 the owner shoots us dirty looks as we make out in the corner table . 
 `` come to my place after work ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` andy 's picking me up , and i 'm still grounded . 
 what about tomorrow , before you leave ? 
 i can pretend like i have an early shift ? '' 
 `` we 're heading out early . 
 there 's a music store in ll.a . 
 we want to check out . 
 do n't make that face , lola-girl , '' he says when a pout slips onto my lips . 
 he laces his fingers through mine . 
 `` i 'll see you in a few days . '' 
 the weekend passes slowly without him . 
 it also passes without cricket . 
 all i see of him is a sign , and not a sign like something in a teacup , but a sign written in black marker and taped to his window : skate america . 
 see you next weekend . 
 why did n't he say earlier that he 'd be out of town ? 
 did calliope tell him about our fight ? 
 i want to call him , but i do n't have his number . 
 and i could ask lindsey-i 'm sure it 's still saved in her phone-but it 'd give the wrong impression for me to go out of my way like that . 
 calliope would probably bite me if she found out . 
 so i do homework and stare at his sign instead . 
 now it 's wednesday . 
 it 's still there . 
 and the more i 've stared at his handwriting-very blocky , very boy-the more i want to prove to myself that we can be friends . 
 i like cricket . 
 he likes me . 
 it 's not fair to let calliope intimidate us out of even trying . 
 which is , somehow , why i 'm on a train to berkeley . 
 i think . 
 in addition to the friendship thing , i 've had increasingly distressing thoughts about my dress binder . 
 i ca n't believe i gave it to him ! 
 the whole thing . 
 not , `` here are the relevant five pages . '' 
 but six months of planning and daydreaming . 
 what does he think when he looks at it ? 
 i recall each floofy , frilly , overthe-top picture , and my scribbled hearts and notes and doodles , and i want to die . 
 he must think my brain is made of cake . 
 i have to get it back . 
 besides , i 'll also need my notes this week . 
 i have a ton of work to do on the dress . 
 so , really , it 's practicality that led me onto a train as soon as school let out . 
 the ones that run to the surrounding cities are sleeker than the ones that rumble through san francisco . 
 they rocket through the stations with fierce howls , but their passengers share the same tired and bored expressions . 
 i fidget with my red , heart-shaped sunglasses and watch the dirty , industrial side of oakland whiz by . 
 it 's a lonely ride . 
 it 's only twenty minutes , but including the wait for the train at the station and the local train i took to get to this train , i 've been traveling for over an hour . 
 i ca n't believe st. clair does this every day . 
 now i know when he does his homework . 
 he travels an hour-two hours , since he has to return ! 
 - to see anna . 
 and she does this every weekend to see him . 
 what will cricket say when i show up ? 
 he knows it 's not a quick trip . 
 maybe i should tell him that i was vintage clothes shopping in the area , so i thought i 'd drop by . 
 friends drop by , right ? 
 and then i can casually mention the binder and take it home . 
 yes , the friend thing and then the binder thing . 
 because that 's why i 'm going . 
 so why have n't you told max ? 
 i squirm in my seat and push away the question . 
 apparently , i 'm only grounded from things that involve my boyfriend . 
 when i told andy today that i was going to lindsey 's for a pushing daisies marathon , he did n't blink . 
 he even gave me money to pick up a pizza . 
 i think he feels guilty about norah . 
 it 's been a week and a half , and there 's still no sign of her leaving . 
 last night , one of her usuals even stopped by for a reading . 
 my parents and i were already in bed when someone began pressing our doorbell like it was a panic button . 
 i imagine that when nathan gets home tonight , there 'll be another hostile dispute . 
 i bet andy would rather be watching old television and eating pizza , too . 
 i 'm not sure why i did n't tell him i 'm visiting cricket . 
 i honestly do n't think andy would mind . 
 maybe i 'm afraid my parents would mention it to max . 
 i mean , i will tell max eventually , when it 's really , really , really clear that cricket and i are just friends . 
 when we 're comfortable around each other . 
 i exit at the downtown berkeley station and head toward campus . 
 thanks to conversations with st. clair , i know what dormitory cricket lives in . 
 i 've printed out a map online . 
 it should n't be too difficult to find , even though it 's been a while . 
 i used to drag lindsey here sometimes on weekends to go shopping on telegraph avenue , but since last summer-and since max-we have n't left the city together . 
 the buildings in this town look more california , less san francisco . 
 they 're pretty , but they 're newer and squarer . 
 instead of gingerbread victorians with stained glass and peeling paint , they 're made from stable brick . 
 and there are beautiful trees everywhere , lining streets that are wider and cleaner and quieter . 
 it 's busy enough , though , and everyone walking or bicycling around me is college-aged . 
 i push back my shoulders to appear more confident . 
 it 's weird to think about cricket living here . 
 my memories of him are so connected to the lavender house in the castro that it 's difficult to picture him anywhere else . 
 but that might be his drugstore . 
 and that might be his taqueria . 
 and that might be where he buys his call golden bears memorabilia ! 
 no . 
 it 's impossible to picture cricket in a t-shirt with a school mascot on it . 
 which is why we are friends . 
 it takes another fifteen minutes to walk the long , sloping road to the foothill student housing , and my mind ca n't help but add the time to st. clair and anna 's tally . 
 it 's obscene how much time they spend getting to each other every day . 
 and i 've never heard them complain , not once . 
 i ca n't even believe how often cricket returns home . 
 lugging his laundry , no less ! 
 an unsettling thought occurs to me . 
 his laundry bag . 
 it 's never full . 
 cricket has a large wardrobe for a guy ; there 's no way he 's bringing all of his dirty clothes home . 
 which means he 's doing some of his laundry here . 
 which means ... what ? 
 the laundry is an excuse to come home ? 
 but he does n't need an excuse to hang out with calliope . 
 she wants him there . 
 so the excuse must have been crafted to strengthen a different reason for coming home . 
 calliope 's voice rings inside my head : the special trips home to see you . 
 an uncomfortable question lodges itself in the pit of my stomach . 
 and what am i doing right now ? 
 making a special trip to see him . 
 oh , no - i stop dead in my tracks . 
 the foothill student housing is two dormitories , on opposite sides of the street . 
 i 'd been expecting a high-rise . 
 and i thought i 'd be able to waltz in to some kind of . . . 
 help desk . 
 but i do n't see anything resembling a help desk , and not only are there two dormitories , but each is made up of a series of labyrinth-like buildings shaped like swiss chalets . 
 evil , evil swiss chalets surrounded by tall gates . 
 what am i supposed to do ? 
 okay , calm down , dolores.there 's probably an easy solution . 
 you can figure this out . 
 no biggie.you 've made it this far . 
 i try one of the gates . 
 locked . 
 arrrrghhhhhh . 
 wait . 
 someone 's coming ! 
 i pull out my cell and start chatting like crazy . 
 `` ohmygod , i know . 
 did you see those spurs that urban cowboy was wearing at the gas station ? '' 
 i pretend to reach for the gate just as the girl on the other side exits . 
 she holds it open , and i give her a wave of thanks as i keep walking and chatting to no one . 
 i 'm inside . 
 i 'm inside . 
 lindsey would be so proud ! 
 okay , what would she do next ? 
 i examine the courtyard , and i 'm dismayed to find the situation looks even worse from in here-endless buildings , floors , and hallways . 
 locks everywhere . 
 on everything . 
 it 's a freaking fortress . 
 this was such a stupid idea . 
 this was the stupidest idea of all of the stupid ideas i have ever had in my entire stupid life . 
 i should go home . 
 i 'm still not even sure what i 'd say to cricket when i saw him . 
 but i hate that i 've already come this far . 
 i crumple onto a bench and call lindsey . 
 `` i need help . '' 
 `` what kind of help ? '' 
 she 's suspicious . 
 `` how do i find cricket 's building and room number ? '' 
 `` and you need that information why ? '' 
 my voice grows tiny . 
 `` because i 'm in berkeley ? '' 
 a long pause . 
 `` oh , lola . '' 
 and then a sigh . 
 `` you want me to call him ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` so you 're just gon na show up ? 
 what if he 's not there ? '' 
 crud . 
 i had n't thought about that . 
 `` forget it , '' lindsey says . 
 `` okay , call what 's - his-name . 
 st. clair . '' 
 `` too embarrassing . 
 do n't you have access to school records or something ? '' 
 `` if i had access to something like that , do n't you think i would have used it by now ? 
 no , you have to use a source . 
 your source is st. clair . '' 
 `` it 's not you ? '' 
 `` bye , lola . '' 
 `` wait ! 
 if my parents call , tell them i 'm in the bathroom . 
 we 're eating pizza and watching pushing daisies . '' 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 `` i love you . '' 
 she hangs up . 
 `` all right , '' an english accent says to me . '' 
 -lrb- a -rrb- you 're not in the toilets , -lrb- b -rrb- you 're not eating pizza , and -lrb- c -rrb- whom do you love ? '' 
 i jump up and throw my arms around him . 
 `` i do n't believe it ! '' 
 st. clair hugs me back before prying me off . 
 `` what are you doing at my dormitory ? '' 
 `` i chose the right one?you live here ? 
 which building ? '' 
 i look around wildly as if it were about to light up . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 should i trust a lying girl wearing a yellow raincoat on a sunny day ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` why are you always in the right place at the right time ? '' 
 `` it 's a particular talent of mine . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` are you looking for cricket ? '' 
 `` will you show me where he lives ? '' 
 `` does he know you 're coming ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i do n't answer . 
 `` ah , '' he says . 
 `` do you think he 'll mind ? '' 
 st. clair shakes his head . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i sincerely doubt it . 
 come along , then . '' 
 he leads me across the courtyard to a brown-shingled building in the back . 
 we climb a set of stairs , and he unlocks another door , which puts us inside the building 's second floor , in an ugly , battered hallway . 
 he struts ahead of me , but his scuffed boots make heavy clomping noises on the carpet . 
 cricket does n't make any noise when he moves . 
 does max make noise ? 
 `` here 's my room . '' 
 st. clair nods to a cheap-looking wooden door , and i laugh when i see the worn drawing taped to it . 
 it 's him wearing a napoleon hat . 
 `` and here ... '' we walk down four more doors . '' 
 ... is monsieur bell 's room . '' 
 there 's also something taped to his door . 
 it 's an illustrated miniposter of a woman thrusting a battle-ax toward the heavens and straddling a white tiger . 
 naked . 
 st. clair grins . 
 `` are you ... sure this is his room ? '' 
 `` oh , i 'm quite sure . '' 
 i stare at the nak * d tiger lady . 
 she 's skinny and blond and does n't look anything like me . 
 not that it matters . 
 not that i should care for the opinion of someone who 'd hang that on his door . 
 but still . 
 `` and now i have a train to catch , '' st. clair says . 
 `` best of luck . '' 
 he darts out the building . 
 if he 's screwing with me , i 'll kill him . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 and then another . 
 and then i knock . 
 chapter twenty lola ? '' 
 cricket looks astonished . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i - '' now that i 'm standing before his door , my excuses sound ludicrous . 
 hey , i was in the neighborhood , so i thought i 'd drop by to hang out . 
 oh ! 
 and i wanted to get back that embarrassing binder , which i only lent to you because you were nice enough to offer to make something that would enable me to attend a dance with another guy . 
 `` i came to see if you had any ideas for the panniers . 
 i 'm ... in a bit of a time crunch . '' 
 time crunch ? 
 i have never used the phrase time crunch before . 
 cricket is still in shock . 
 `` i mean , i came to see you , too . 
 of course . '' 
 `` well . 
 you found me . 
 hi . '' 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 a girl pops out her head behind him . 
 she 's taller than me , and she 's slender . 
 and she has golden hair in natural waves and a glowing tan that says surfer girl rather than fake-and-bake . 
 and she looks totally pissed to see me here . 
 she places a hand possessively on his arm . 
 his sleeve is pushed up so her bare skin is touching his . 
 my stomach plummets . 
 `` s-sorry . 
 it was rude of me to show up like this . 
 i 'll see you later , okay ? '' 
 and then i 'm speed-walking down the hall . 
 `` lola ! '' 
 i stop . 
 i slowly turn around . 
 he looks bewildered . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` i did n't mean to interrupt . 
 i was in the neighborhood , um , shopping an ... and of course you 're busy . '' 
 stop freaking out . 
 he can date or make out with or-oh god-sleep with whomever he wants . 
 `` is it raining ? '' 
 the girl frowns at my raincoat and rain boots . 
 `` oh . 
 no . 
 they matched my dress . '' 
 i unsnap the coat to expose a pretty dress in the same shade of yellow . 
 cricket startles like he 's just noticed the girl 's hand . 
 he slides from her grasp and into the hall . 
 `` this is my friend jessica . 
 we were working on our physics homework . 
 jess , this is lola . 
 the one ... the one i told you about . '' 
 jessica does not look pleased by this information . 
 he told her about me . 
 `` so you came to work on the dress ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` it 's not a big deal . '' 
 i move toward him . 
 `` we can do it later . '' 
 `` no ! 
 you 're here . 
 you 're never here . '' 
 he glances at jessica . 
 `` we 'll finish tomorrow , okay ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 she fires me a death glare before storming away . 
 cricket does n't notice . 
 he opens his door wide . 
 `` come in . 
 how did you find me ? '' 
 `` st. cla-oh . '' 
 `` what ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 two beds . 
 beside one , a constellation chart , a periodic table , and a desk crowded with papers and wires and small metal objects . 
 beside the other , more nak * d fantasy women , a gigantic television , and several gaming consoles . 
 `` you have a roommate . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he sounds confused . 
 `` the , um , picture on your door surprised me . '' 
 `` no . 
 no . 
 i prefer my women with ... fewer carnivorous beasts and less weaponry . '' 
 he pauses and smiles . 
 `` naked is okay . 
 what she needs are a golden retriever and a telescope . 
 maybe then it would do it for me . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` a squirrel and a laboratory beaker ? '' 
 `` a bunny rabbit and a flip chart , '' i say . 
 `` only if the flip chart has mathematical equations on it . '' 
 i fake-swoon onto his bed . 
 `` too much , too much ! '' 
 he 's laughing , but it fades as he watches me toss and turn . 
 he looks pained . 
 i sit up on my elbows . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 `` you 're in my room , '' he says quietly . 
 `` you were n't in my room five minutes ago and now you are . '' 
 i pull myself up the rest of the way , suddenly conscious of both the bed and its lingering scent of bar soap and sweet mechanical oil . 
 i glance at a space close to his head but not quite at it . 
 `` i should n't have barged in on you like this . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm glad you 're here . '' 
 i find the courage to meet his eyes , but he 's not looking at me anymore . 
 he reaches for something on his desk . 
 it 's overflowing with towers of graphing paper and partially completed projects , but there 's one area that 's been cleared of everything . 
 everything except for my binder . 
 `` i did some sketches this weekend in pennsylvania - '' `` oh , yeah . '' 
 i looked up skate america , and it was held in reading this year . 
 i ask the polite question . 
 `` how did calliope do ? '' 
 `` good , good . 
 first . '' 
 `` she broke her second-place streak ? '' 
 he looks up . 
 `` what ? 
 oh . 
 no . 
 she always gets first in these early seasonal competitions . 
 not to take anything away from her , '' he adds distractedly . 
 since he 's not bothered by the mention , i gather that he does n't know we spoke . 
 best to keep it that way . 
 `` okay , '' he says . 
 `` here 's what i was working on . '' 
 cricket sits beside me on his bed . 
 he 's in scientist inventor professional mode , so he 's forgotten his self-imposed distance rule . 
 he pulls out a few illustrations that he 'd tucked inside , and he 's rambling about materials and circumferences and other things i 'm not thinking about , because all i see is how carefully he 's cradling my binder in his lap . 
 like it 's fragile . 
 like it 's important . 
 `` so what do you think ? '' 
 `` it looks wonderful , '' i say . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` it 'll be big . 
 i mean , you wanted big , right ? 
 will you have enough fabric ? '' 
 oops . 
 i should have been paying closer attention . 
 i study the dimensions . 
 he hands me a calculator so i can punch in my numbers , and i 'm surprised at how perfect it is . 
 `` yeah . 
 wow , i 'll even have the right amount of spare fabric , just in case . '' 
 `` i 'll collect the materials tomorrow so i can start it this weekend at my parents ' house . 
 i 'll need ... '' his cheeks turn pink . 
 i smile . 
 `` my measurements ? '' 
 `` not all of them . '' 
 now red . 
 i write down what he needs . 
 `` i 'm not one of those girls . 
 i do n't mind . '' 
 `` you should n't . 
 you 're perfect , you look beautiful . '' 
 the words are out . 
 he 's been so careful . 
 `` i should n't have said that . '' 
 cricket sets aside my binder and jolts up . 
 he moves as far away from me as possible without stepping on his roommate 's side . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he rubs the back of his head and stares out his window . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 thank you . '' 
 we 're quiet . 
 it 's grown dark outside . 
 `` you know . '' 
 i snap and unsnap my raincoat . 
 `` we spend a lot of time apologizing to each other . 
 maybe we should stop . 
 maybe we need to try harder to be friends . 
 it 's okay for friends to say things like that without it getting weird . '' 
 cricket turns back around and looks at me . 
 `` or to show up unannounced . '' 
 `` though if you gave me your number , i would n't have to . '' 
 he smiles , and i pull out my cell and toss it to him . 
 he tosses his to me . 
 we enter our digits into each other 's phone . 
 the act feels official . 
 cricket throws mine back and says , `` i 'm listed under ` naked tiger woman . ' '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 because i entered myself as ` naked tiger lady . ' '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i laugh harder . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm lola . '' 
 `` the one and only . '' 
 i walk his phone to him and place it in his open palm . 
 `` that 's a mighty fine compliment coming from you , cricket bell . '' 
 his eyebrows rise slowly in a question . 
 and then the bedroom light flicks on . 
 `` whoops . '' 
 a guy half the height of cricket and twice as wide tosses a bag of cool ranch doritos onto the other bed . 
 `` sorry , man . '' 
 cricket springs backward . 
 `` this is my roommate , dustin . 
 dustin , this is lola . '' 
 `` huh , '' dustin says . 
 `` i thought you were gay . '' 
 `` um , '' cricket says . 
 `` you 're always in the city , and you ignore heather whenever she comes by . '' 
 heather ? 
 there 's another one ? 
 `` guess i was wrong . '' 
 dustin shakes his head and flops down beside his chips . 
 `` good . 
 now i do n't have to worry about you looking at my junk anymore . '' 
 i tense . 
 `` how do you know he 'd be interested in your junk ? 
 it 's not like you 're attracted to every girl in the world . 
 why would he be attracted to every boy ? '' 
 `` whoa . '' 
 dustin looks at cricket . 
 `` what 's the deal ? '' 
 cricket throws on a coat . 
 `` we should go , lola.you probably need to catch the train . '' 
 `` you do n't go here ? '' 
 dustin asks me . 
 `` i attend school in the city . '' 
 i slide my binder into my bag . 
 he looks me up and down . 
 `` one of those art students , huh ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i go to harvey milk memorial . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` a high school , '' i say . 
 dustin 's eyebrows shoot up . 
 he turns to cricket . 
 `` is she legal ? '' 
 his voice is tinged with appreciation and respect . 
 `` bye , dustin . '' 
 cricket holds the door open for me . 
 `` is she legal ? '' 
 he says as cricket slams the door shut behind us . 
 cricket closes his eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` hey . 
 no apologizing . 
 especially not for him . '' 
 we head outside , and i shudder . 
 no wonder cricket comes home most weekends . 
 `` besides , '' i continue , `` i 'm used to it . 
 i get stuff like that alllll the - '' cricket has stopped moving . '' 
 - time . '' 
 crud . 
 `` right . 
 of course you do . '' 
 with excruciating effort , he pushes through max 's ghost . 
 always present . 
 always haunting us . 
 `` so what 's the boyfriend doing tonight ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i have n't talked to him today . '' 
 `` do you usually talk to him ? 
 every day ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say uncomfortably . 
 i 'm losing cricket . 
 his body is moving physically farther from mine as his mind rebuilds the barrier he built to protect us . 
 `` do you want to get dinner or something ? '' 
 i blurt . 
 he does n't answer . 
 `` forget it , i 'm sure you have things to do . 
 or whatever . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 and then , with control , `` dinner would be good . 
 any particular craving ? '' 
 `` welll ... andy gave me money for pizza . '' 
 cricket tours me through his campus , pointing out the various buildings-all grand and immense and named something-or-other hall-where he takes classes . 
 he tells me about his teachers and the other students , and once again , i 'm struck by how strange it is that he has this other life . 
 this life i 'm not a part of . 
 we wind up telegraph avenue , the busiest street in downtown berkeley . 
 it 's the most san francisco-like place here , with its bead stores , tattoo shops , bookstores , record stores , head shops , and nepalese imports . 
 but it 's also overrun with street vendors selling cheaply made junk-ugly jewelry , tie-dyed shoelaces , bad art , and bob marley 's face on everything . 
 we have to walk through a group of dancing hare krishnas in sherbetcolored robes and finger cymbals , and i nearly run smack into a man wearing a fur hat and a cape . 
 he 's draping a supertiny table with velvet for tarot readings , right there on the street . 
 i feel relieved that norah 's distaste for costumes means at least she does n't look like this guy . 
 there are homeless everywhere . 
 an older man with a weatherhardened face comes out of nowhere , limping and staggering in front of us like a zombie . 
 i instinctively jolt backward and away . 
 `` hey , '' cricket says gently , and i realize that he caught my reaction . 
 it 's comforting to know he understands why . 
 to know i wo n't have to explain , and to know he 's not judging me for it . 
 he smiles . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 inside blondie 's , i insist on paying with andy 's twenty . 
 we sit at a countertop overlooking the street and eat one slice of pesto vegetarian -lrb- me -rrb- and three slices of beef pepperoni -lrb- him -rrb- . 
 cricket sips a cherry coke . 
 `` nice of andy to give us dinner money , '' he says . 
 `` but why pizza ? '' 
 `` oh , the pizza place was on the way , '' i say . 
 he looks confused . 
 `` on the way to lindsey 's house . 
 they think i 'm with lindsey . '' 
 cricket sets down his drink . 
 `` please tell me you 're joking . '' 
 `` no . 
 it was easier than explaining to andy ... '' i trail off , unsure of what the rest of that sentence is . 
 `` explaining that you wanted to hang out with me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 well , yeah . 
 but i do n't think my parents would mind , '' i add quickly . 
 he 's exasperated . 
 `` so why did n't you tell them ? 
 jeez , lola . 
 what if something happened to you ? 
 no one would know where you were ! '' 
 `` i told lindsey i was here . '' 
 well , i told her later . 
 i push the parmesan shaker away . 
 `` you know , you 're starting to sound like my parents . '' 
 cricket hangs his head and runs his hands through his dark hair . 
 when he looks up again , it 's sticking up even taller and crazier than usual . 
 he stands . 
 `` come on . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you have to go home . '' 
 `` i 'm eating . 
 you 're eating . '' 
 `` you ca n't be here , lola . 
 i have to take you home . '' 
 `` i do n't believe it.you 're serious ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm not having this on my ... permanent record . '' 
 `` what the hell does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means if your parents find out you 've been here without their permission , they wo n't like me very much . '' 
 now i stand . 
 he 's nearly a foot taller , but i try to make him feel as small as possible . 
 `` and why are you so concerned about my parents liking you ? 
 is it necessary to remind you-again - that i have a boyfriend ? '' 
 the words are cruel , and i 'm horrified as soon as they leave my mouth . 
 cricket 's blue eyes become startlingly angry . 
 `` then why are you here ? '' 
 i 'm panicking . 
 `` because you offered to help me . '' 
 `` i was helping you , and then you just showed up . 
 in my bedroom ! 
 you knew i was coming back next weekend - '' `` you did n't come back last weekend ! '' 
 `` and now i require your permission to go somewhere ? 
 do you take pleasure in knowing i 'm over there ... pining for you ? '' 
 i throw my half-finished slice in the trash and flee . 
 as always , he 's on my heels . 
 he grabs me . 
 `` lola , wait . 
 i do n't know what i 'm saying , this conversation is moving too fast . 
 let 's try again . '' 
 i yank my arm from his grasp and resume my race toward the train station . 
 he 's beside every stride . 
 `` i 'm going home , cricket . 
 like you told me to . '' 
 `` please do n't go . '' 
 he 's desperate . 
 `` not like this . '' 
 `` you ca n't have it both ways , do n't you get it ? '' 
 i jerk to a halt and sway . 
 i 'm talking to myself , not to cricket . 
 `` i 'm trying , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm trying so hard . '' 
 the words shatter my heart . 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` well . 
 me , too . '' 
 confusion . 
 and then ... `` you 're trying ? 
 are you trying in the same way as me ? '' 
 his words rush out , toppling over each other . 
 life would be so much easier if i could say that i 'm not interested , that he stands no chance with me . 
 but something about the way cricket bell is looking at me-like nothing has ever mattered more to him than my answer-means that i can only speak the truth . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 okay ? 
 i look at you , and i think about you , and ... i do n't know . 
 no one has ever so completely confounded me the way you do . '' 
 his difficult equation face . 
 `` so what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means we 're right back where we started . 
 and i 'm back at the train station . 
 so i 'm leaving now . '' 
 `` i 'll go with you - '' `` no . 
 you wo n't . '' 
 cricket wants to argue . 
 he wants to make sure i get home safely . 
 but he knows if he comes with me , he 'll cross a line that i do n't want crossed . 
 he 'll lose me . 
 so he says goodbye . 
 and i say goodbye . 
 and as the train pulls away , i feel like i 've lost him again anyway . 
 chapter twenty-one i love watching max onstage . 
 he 's playing his current favorite cover . 
 the first time he sang `` i saw her standing there '' - well , she was just seventeen/you know what i mean-with a mischievous glance in my direction , i thought i 'd die . 
 i was one of those girls . 
 girls who had songs dedicated to them . 
 it 's still thrilling . 
 lindsey and i are at scare francisco , an all-day , twelve-stage halloween rock festival in golden gate park . 
 it 's saturday , and i 'm still grounded , but we 've had these tickets for months . 
 plus , norah is inescapable . 
 after being denied every low-income apartment in the city , she made arrangements to move in with her friend ronnie reagan . 
 ronnie stands for veronica , and she is a he , and the only problem is that ronnie 's old roommate wo n't be moving out until january . 
 my parents feel rotten and guilty about this . 
 so they let me come today . 
 per annual tradition , i 'm wearing jeans , a nice blouse , a black wig with straight bangs , and red sneakers . 
 lindsey is wearing a fifties housewife dress , a vintage apron , four-inch heels , a blond wig with a flip , and large sparkly clip-on earrings . 
 we 're dressed as each other , of course . 
 i wear pretty much the same thing every year . 
 she 's always something new . 
 amphetamine finishes on stage four , and they take apart their gear while the next band , pot kettle black , sets up . 
 i fan myself with a flyer for a haunted house , trying not to draw attention to the fact that i 'm fanning my armpits more than my face . 
 but i do n't want to smell gross for max . 
 he has n't seen me yet . 
 the sun beats down , and my nose is burning , despite my spf 25 . 
 the city tends to get its rare heat waves in the autumn . 
 `` i ca n't wait until you 're a detective , and i get to wear your badge , '' i say . 
 `` i 'd totally arrest any girl who came here dressed as a sexy cat . 
 snooze . '' 
 `` i ca n't wait until your podiatrist forbids you from wearing heels . '' 
 `` but you look fabulous , darling . '' 
 `` lola ? '' 
 a girl calls out from behind us . 
 i turn around to find calliope , head tilted to the side . 
 `` that is you . 
 you were right . '' 
 she looks over her shoulder , and i follow her gaze as the other bell twin appears from behind a monstrously large hell 's angel . 
 or a guy dressed as a hell 's angel . 
 i fan my cheeks with the flyer , feeling hot again . 
 i 'm not sure which twin is more troubling `` how could you tell ? '' 
 calliope continues . 
 `` she looks so ... normal . '' 
 `` i 'll take that as a compliment , '' lindsey whispers to me . 
 `` she always looks like lindsey on halloween , '' cricket says . 
 neither twin is costumed , but cricket 's hand does say boo . 
 `` cool outfit , lindsey . 
 you look great . '' 
 for all her i-don ` t-care-ness , lindsey looks pleased by the compliment . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he 's having trouble looking directly at me . 
 did he see max 's band ? 
 what did he think of them ? 
 the only contact i 've had with him since berkeley was that same night when i received a text from naked tiger woman asking if i 'd made it home okay . 
 if anyone else had done that after a fight , i would have found it insufferable . 
 but cricket seriously can not help being a nice person . 
 i ca n't tell if calliope knows that i visited him . 
 i assume not , since she 's speaking with me . 
 thank goodness for small miracles . 
 `` hey , '' i say , kinda sorta meeting cricket 's eyes . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` same thing you are . '' 
 calliope 's voice is clipped . 
 `` listening to music . 
 practice was canceled . 
 petro is sick . '' 
 `` petro ? '' 
 lindsey asks . 
 `` my coach . 
 petro petrov . '' 
 lindsey and i stifle our laughter . 
 calliope does n't notice . 
 it 's odd , but i suddenly realize that i have n't seen the twins stand beside each other in ages . 
 they have a similar body shape , though calliope is the petite version . 
 this still means she 's taller than her competitors . 
 after her growth spurt , it took several years for her to adjust on the ice . 
 cricket once told me that when you 're tall , your center of balance is also higher , and this accentuates mistakes . 
 which makes sense . 
 but now her confidence and strength are forces to be reckoned with . 
 she could kick my ass any day of the week . 
 i feel her noting the extra space and awkwardness between cricket and me , and i have no doubt that she 's considering it . 
 `` why did n't you guys dress up ? '' 
 lindsey asks . 
 `` we did . '' 
 calliope cracks her first smile . 
 `` we 're dressed as twins . '' 
 lindsey grins back . 
 `` hmm , i see it now . 
 fraternal or identical ? '' 
 `` you 'd be surprised how many people ask , '' cricket says . 
 `` what do you tell them ? '' 
 lindsey asks . 
 `` that i have a penis . '' 
 oh god . 
 my cheeks burn as they all burst into laughter . 
 think about something else , dolores . 
 anything else . 
 cucumbers . 
 bananas . 
 zucchini . 
 ahhhh ! 
 no no no no no no no . 
 i turn my face away from them as calliope fakes a yakking sound . 
 `` definitely time to change the subject , '' she says . 
 `` hey , are you guys hungry ? '' 
 i blurt . 
 seriously ? 
 i 'm so thankful that mind readers are n't real . 
 `` starving , '' cricket says . 
 `` says the guy who just ate three taco salads , '' calliope says . 
 he rubs his stomach . 
 his bracelets and rubber bands rattle . 
 `` jealous . '' 
 `` it 's so unfair . 
 cricket eats all day long , the most horrendous things - '' `` the most delicious , '' he says . '' 
 - the most horrendous and delicious things , and he does n't gain a pound . 
 meanwhile , i have to count calories every time i swallow an alfalfa sprout . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 lindsey says . 
 she 's as baffled as i am . 
 `` you 're in perfect shape . 
 like , perfect . '' 
 calliope rolls her eyes . 
 `` tell that to my coach . 
 and to the commentators . '' 
 `` and mom , '' cricket says , and calliope cuts him a glare . 
 he glares back . 
 it 's spooky to see that they have the same glare . 
 and then they burst into laughter . 
 `` i win ! '' 
 cricket says . 
 `` no way.you laughed first . '' 
 `` tie , '' lindsey says authoritatively . 
 `` hey . '' 
 calliope turns to me , and the smile disappears . 
 `` is n't that your boyfriend ? '' 
 oh . 
 holy . 
 graveyards . 
 i 've been so thrown that i forgot max would be here any second . 
 i want to shove cricket back behind that hell 's angel , and he looks like he would n't mind a disappearing act either . 
 max slinks through the crowd like a wolf on the prowl . 
 i raise my hand in a weak wave . 
 he nods back , but he 's staring down cricket . 
 max pulls me into his tattooed arms . 
 `` how 'd we sound ? '' 
 `` phenomenal , '' i say truthfully . 
 his grip is tight , forcing me to point out the well-dressed elephant in the room . 
 `` this is my neighbor cricket . 
 remember ? '' 
 as if any of us could have forgotten . 
 `` hi , '' cricket says , shrinking up . 
 `` hey , '' max says in a bored voice . 
 which is n't even his regular bored voice . 
 it 's the mask of a bored voice that says , see how much i do n't care about you ? 
 `` and this is his sister , calliope . '' 
 `` we saw your show , '' she says . 
 `` you were great . '' 
 max looks her over . 
 `` thanks , '' he says after a moment . 
 it 's polite but indifferent , and his coolness disconcerts her . 
 he turns back to me and frowns . 
 `` what are you wearing ? '' 
 the way he says it makes me not want to answer . 
 `` she 's me , '' lindsey says . 
 max finally acknowledges her presence . 
 `` so you must be lola . 
 well . 
 ca n't say i 'll be sorry when this holiday is over . '' 
 i 'm aghast . 
 cricket 's presence has made him reckless . 
 `` i think they look terrific . '' 
 cricket straightens to his full height . 
 he towers over my boyfriend . 
 `` i think it 's cool that they do it every year . '' 
 max leans over and speaks quietly so that only i can hear it . 
 `` i 'm gon na load some stuff into the van . '' 
 he kisses me , quickly at first , but then something changes in his mind . 
 he slows down . 
 and he really kisses me . 
 `` i 'll text you when i 'm done . '' 
 and he leaves without saying goodbye to anyone else . 
 i am so mortified . 
 `` groups ... make him uncomfortable . '' 
 calliope looks disgusted , and my insides writhe , because i know she thinks i 've been stringing along cricket to keep dating that . 
 but that was not my boyfriend . 
 the disdain in cricket 's expression makes me feel even more humiliated . 
 i imagine conversations in which calliope uses this as proof that i 'm shallow and not worthy of his friendship . 
 i turn to lindsey . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sure he did n't mean it like that . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` you know he hates me . 
 i 'm not crazy about him either . '' 
 i lower my voice . 
 `` max does n't hate you . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 i ca n't bear for the twins to hear any more of this , so i take lindsey 's hand and lead her away . 
 `` we have to go , sorry . 
 there 's a band on stage six i 've been dying to hear . '' 
 `` good , we 'll follow , '' calliope says . 
 `` you know these local bands better than us . '' 
 i 'm howling on the inside as they follow a dead-silent lindsey and me across the grass and through the skeletons , ghosts , and pirates to stage six , where a mediocre punk band is butchering `` thriller . '' 
 i squint at the bass drum . 
 my colored contacts are an old prescription . 
 `` the flaming olives ? '' 
 `` the evening devils , '' lindsey corrects , annoyed . 
 `` that 's a stupid name , '' i say . 
 `` olives would be worse , '' calliope says . 
 `` i thought you were dying to hear them . '' 
 `` i thought they were gon na be someone else , '' i grumble . 
 `` ah , '' cricket says . 
 it 's a disbelieving ah , and it furthers my shame . 
 i stand my ground and try to lose myself in the band , but i ca n't believe my boyfriend just treated lindsey like dirt . 
 i ca n't believe cricket just saw him treat lindsey like dirt . 
 and i 'm glad he stepped in before max could do further damage , but why did it have to be him ? 
 it should have been me . 
 the orange sun beats down , and i 'm sweating again . 
 my wig is trapping heat . 
 i wonder how bad my hair looks underneath , and if i can get away with removing it . 
 at long last , i catch a break as a cloud passes over the sun . 
 i release a tiny sigh . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' cricket says . 
 and then i realize that he 's standing behind me . 
 cricket is the cloud . 
 he gives an oddly grim smile . 
 `` you looked uncomfortable . '' 
 `` this band blows , and my feet are killing me , '' lindsey says . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 my phone vibrates in my pocket . 
 a text from max : @ marx meadow near first aid . 
 where are you ? 
 the plan was to hang out with max and lindsey for a few hours and then go home at dusk . 
 i love halloween . 
 the castro used to close off the streets and throw an insane party that attracted over a hundred thousand people , but a few years ago , someone died in the fray . 
 the city stopped closing it off and urged people to stay in their own neighborhoods . 
 still . 
 as far as places to be on october thirty-first , a crowd of drag queens ca n't be beat . 
 but now i do n't want to hang out with lindsey and max together . 
 and i want to stay with my friend , but i have n't been alone with max in two weeks . 
 no . 
 i should stay with lindsey . 
 `` max ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` yeah . 
 he 's ready to meet up , but i 'm gon na tell him we 're going home early . '' 
 `` he 'll be pissed if you do n't show . '' 
 `` he wo n't be pissed , '' i say , with a nervous glance at cricket . 
 even though lindsey 's right . 
 but the way she said it makes it sound worse than it is . 
 `` yeah , well , you have n't seen him in forever . 
 do n't let me stand in the way of your amorous pursuits . '' 
 i wish lindsey would stop talking in front of cricket . 
 `` it 's fine , '' she continues . 
 `` i 'll hang out with them for a little while longer '' - she gestures to the bells - `` and then i 'll catch the bus home . 
 i 'm tired . '' 
 she 's pushing me away out of spite . 
 there 's no good way of dealing with her when she 's like this , except to give her what she wants . 
 `` so , um , talk to you tonight ? '' 
 `` go , '' she says . 
 i sneak another glimpse at cricket before leaving . 
 i wish i had n't . 
 he looks tortured . 
 as if he 'd do anything to stop me , but he 's being held back by his own invisible demons . 
 i mumble my goodbye . 
 as i walk to the meadow , i take off the wig . 
 i do n't have a purse-lindsey never carries one-so i drape it on the branch of a japanese maple . 
 maybe someone will find it and add it to their costume . 
 i shake out my hair , unbutton the top of my shirt , and roll up the sleeves . 
 it 's better , but i still do n't look like me . 
 actually , i look more like me . 
 i feel exposed . 
 max is leaning against the first-aid station , and his shoulders relax when he sees me . 
 he 's glad i 'm alone . 
 but when i lean up to kiss him , he hardens again , and it sends a chill down my spine . 
 `` not now , lola . '' 
 his rebuke stings . 
 is it because of how i look ? 
 `` you 're still hanging out with him , '' he says . 
 no , it 's because he 's jealous . 
 i 'm sweating again . 
 `` who ? '' 
 i ask , buying time . 
 `` grasshopper . 
 centipede . 
 praying mantis . '' 
 it makes me cringe to hear max mock his name . 
 `` that 's not funny . 
 and that was n't nice what you said to lindsey earlier either . '' 
 he crosses his arms . 
 `` how long have you been seeing him ? '' 
 `` i 'm not seeing him . 
 we just bumped into him and his sister , i promise . '' 
 his silence intimidates me into blabbering . 
 `` i swear , lindsey and i ran into them , like , three minutes before you showed up . '' 
 `` i do n't like the way he stares at you . '' 
 `` he 's just my neighbor , max . '' 
 `` how many times have you seen him since amoeba ? '' 
 i hesitate and decide to go with a slant truth . 
 `` sometimes i see him through my window on the weekend . '' 
 `` your window?your bedroom window ? '' 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 `` and then i close my curtains . 
 end of story . '' 
 `` lola , i do n't believe - '' `` you never believe me ! '' 
 `` because you lie your ass off all the time ! 
 do n't think i do n't know you 're still hiding things from me . 
 what happened at muir woods , lola ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you heard me . 
 nathan was trying to get you to tell me something at dinner . 
 he was there , was n't he ? 
 the neighbor boy . '' 
 `` ohmygod , you 're crazy . 
 it was a family picnic . 
 you 're getting paranoid , and you 're making things up . '' 
 i 'm panicking . 
 how does he know ? 
 `` am i ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` because one of us is getting pretty worked up right now . '' 
 `` because you 're accusing me of horrible things ! 
 i ca n't believe you think i 'd lie to you about something like that . '' 
 oh god , i 'm going to hell . 
 i 'm crying . 
 `` why are you so convinced i 'm ready to cheat on you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe because i 've never seen the same you twice . 
 nothing about you is real . '' 
 his words stop my heart . 
 max sees he 's taken it too far . 
 he jerks forward as if a spell has broken . 
 `` i did n't mean that.you know i love the crazy outfits . '' 
 `` you always say what you mean , '' i whisper . 
 he rubs his temples for a long moment . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 come here . '' 
 he wraps his arms around me . 
 i hug him tightly , but it feels as if he 's vanishing . 
 i want to tell him that i 'm sorry , too , but i 'm scared to tell him the truth . 
 i do n't want to lose him . 
 when two people are in love , it 's supposed to work . 
 it has to work . 
 no matter how difficult the circumstances are . 
 i think about the sweet songs he 's written , the ones he plays in his apartment , the ones for my ears only . 
 i think about our future , when i 'm no longer tied to my parents . 
 costumes by day , rock clubs by night . 
 we 'll both be a success , and it 'll be because of each other . 
 our love should make us a success . 
 max kisses my neck . 
 my chin . 
 my lips . 
 his kisses are hungry and possessive . 
 max is the one . 
 we love each other , so he has to be the one . 
 he tears himself away . 
 `` this is the real me . 
 is this the real you ? '' 
 i 'm dizzy . 
 `` this is me . '' 
 but it tastes like fear on my lips . 
 it tastes like another lie . 
 chapter twenty-two i 'm discussing max with the moon , but it 's supremely unsatisfying . 
 her beams are casting an eerie luminescence on cricket 's window . 
 `` max does n't like it when i dress down , but he throws my usual appearance into my face when we fight . 
 i 'm never what he needs me to be . '' 
 the moon darkens by cloud cover . 
 `` okay , i 've lied to him . 
 but you saw how jealous he gets . 
 it makes me feel like i have to . 
 and i should n't have to defend my right to be friends with another guy . '' 
 i wait . 
 the sky remains dark . 
 `` fine . 
 the you-know-who situation is weird . 
 maybe ... max and calliope are n't so far off . 
 but if i 'm never given max 's trust to begin with , how can he expect me to trust him in return ? 
 do you see what i mean ? 
 do you see how confusing it is ? '' 
 i close my eyes . 
 `` please , tell me . 
 what do i do ? '' 
 the light behind my lids softly brightens . 
 i open my eyes . 
 the clouds have moved , and cricket 's window is illuminated by moonlight . 
 `` you have a sick sense of humor , '' i say . 
 her beams do n't waver . 
 and without knowing how it happens , i find myself removing a handful of bobby pins from my desk . 
 i chuck them at his panes . 
 dink ! 
 dink ! 
 dink dink ! 
 seven bobby pins later , cricket opens his window . 
 `` trick-or-treat , '' i say . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 he 's sleepy and disoriented . 
 he 's also only wearing his boxer briefs , and his bracelets and rubber bands . 
 ohmygod . 
 he 's only wearing boxer briefs . 
 `` no . '' 
 cricket rubs his eyes . 
 `` no ? '' 
 do n't stare at his body . 
 do not stare at his body . 
 `` did you go anywhere fun tonight ? 
 i stayed in and handed out candy . 
 nathan bought good stuff , name-brand chocolate , not the cheapo mix he usually gets , you know with the tootsie pops and dots and those tiny tootsie rolls flavored like lime , i guess you got a lot of kids at your house , too , huh ? '' 
 he stares at me blankly . 
 `` did you wake me up ... to talk about candy ? '' 
 `` it 's still so hot out , is n't it ? '' 
 i blurt . 
 and then i want to die . 
 because cricket has turned into stone , having realized the practically nak * d situation his body is in . 
 which i am not , not , not looking at . 
 at all . 
 `` let 's go for a walk ! '' 
 my exclamation unfreezes him . 
 he edges out of sight , trying to play it cool . 
 `` now ? '' 
 he calls from the darkness . 
 `` it 's ... two forty-two in the morning . '' 
 `` i could use someone to talk to . '' 
 cricket pops back up . 
 he has located his pants . 
 he is wearing them . 
 i blush . 
 he considers me for a moment , pulls a t-shirt over his head , and then nods . 
 i sneak downstairs , past my parents ' bedroom and norah 's temporary bedroom , and i reach the street undetected . 
 cricket is already there . 
 i 'm wearing sushi-print pajama bottoms and a white camisole . 
 seeing him fully dressed again makes me feel undressed , a feeling intensified when i notice him take in my bare skin . 
 we walk up the hill to the corner of our street . 
 somehow , we both know where we 're going . 
 the city is silent . 
 the raucous spirit of halloween has gone to sleep . 
 we reach the even bigger hill that separates us from dolores park . 
 eighty steps lead to the top . 
 i 've counted . 
 about twenty up , he stops . 
 `` are you gon na say what 's on your mind , or are you gon na make me guess ? 
 because i 'm not good at guessing games . 
 people should say what they mean to say and not make other people stumble around . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he smiles for the first time in ages . 
 `` hey . 
 no apologizing . '' 
 i smile back , but it falters . 
 his disappears , too . 
 `` is it max ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say quietly . 
 we walk slowly up the stairs again . 
 `` he seemed surprised to see me today . 
 he does n't know we hang out , does he ? '' 
 the sadness in his voice makes me climb slower . 
 i wrap my arms around myself . 
 `` no . 
 he did n't know . '' 
 cricket stops . 
 `` are you embarrassed by me ? '' 
 `` why would i be embarrassed by you ? '' 
 he puts his hands in his pockets . 
 `` because i 'm not cool . '' 
 i 'm thrown . 
 cricket is n't cool in the same sense as max , but he 's the most interesting person i know . 
 he 's kind and intelligent and attractive . 
 and he 's well dressed . 
 cricket is really well dressed . 
 `` how can you think that ? '' 
 `` come on . 
 he 's this sexy rock god , and i 'm the boy next door . 
 the stupid science geek , who 's spent his life on the sidelines of figure-skating rinks . 
 with his sister . '' 
 `` you 're not ... you 're not a geek , cricket . 
 and even if you were , what 's wrong with that ? 
 and since when is science stupid ? '' 
 he looks unusually agitated . 
 `` oh , no , '' i say . 
 `` please tell me this is n't about your great-great-whatever grandfather . 
 because that does n't mean any - '' `` it means everything . 
 the inheritance that paid for our house , that pays for calliope 's training , that pays for my college education , that bought everything i 've ever owned ... it was n't ours . 
 do you know what happened to alexander graham bell after he became famous ? 
 he spent the rest of his life hiding in a remote part of canada . 
 in shame of what he 'd done . '' 
 `` so why did he do it ? '' 
 cricket rakes a hand through his hair . 
 `` for the same reason everyone makes mistakes . 
 he fell in love . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 that hurts . 
 i 'm not even sure why it hurts so much , but it does . 
 `` her father was wealthy and powerful . 
 alexander was n't . 
 he had ideas for the telephone , but he could n't get them to work . 
 her father discovered that someone-elisha gray-was about to patent it , so they went to the patent office on the same day as elisha , copied his idea , turned it in , and i 'm astounded . 
 `` that 's terrible . '' 
 `` history books are filled with lies . 
 whoever wins the war tells the story . '' 
 `` but alexander was still a smart man . 
 he was still an inventor . 
 you get that much honestly . 
 life is n't about what you get , it 's about what you do with what you get . '' 
 `` i build things that have no use . '' 
 his tone is flat . 
 `` it 's just as bad . 
 i should be creating something that makes a difference , something to ... make up for the past . '' 
 i 'm getting angry . 
 `` what do you think would happen if i believed genetics played that kind of role in my life ? 
 if i believed that because my birth parents made certain decisions , it meant that my life , my dreams were forfeit , too ? 
 do you know what that would do to me ? 
 do you have any idea what it has done to me ? '' 
 cricket is devastated . 
 `` i was n't thinking , i 'm sorry - '' `` you should be . 
 you have a gift , and you 're doubting it . '' 
 i shake my head to clear my thoughts . 
 `` you ca n't let that kind of shame dictate who you are.you are n't your name.your decisions are your own . '' 
 he stares at me . 
 i return the stare , and my senses surge . 
 the energy between us ricochets so fiercely that it scares me . 
 i break our gaze . 
 we climb the rest of the way to the top , and the entire city stretches before us . 
 the jutting houses , the golden hills , the highrises , the glittering bay . 
 it 's stunning . 
 we sit on an empty slab of asphalt overlooking the view . 
 it 's someone 's driveway , but no one will see us . 
 the eucalyptus tree dangling above us releases its soothing fragrance into the night air . 
 cricket inhales , long and slow . 
 he sighs his exhale . 
 `` i 've missed that . 
 eucalyptus always reminds me of home . '' 
 and i fill with warmth because , even with his second life in berkeley , he still thinks of this as home . 
 `` you know , '' i say . 
 `` when i was little , my parents were embarrassed by the way i dressed . '' 
 `` really ? 
 that 's surprising . '' 
 `` they were terrified that people would think they were dressing me like that . 
 that the gays were corrupting me with false eyelashes and glitter . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` but they learned it 's who i am , and they accepted it . 
 and their support gave me some confidence . 
 and then , that summer , you taught me how to accept it for myself . 
 to not worry about what other people said . 
 and then ... things were n't bad at all . '' 
 `` i did ? '' 
 `` yeah , you . 
 so i 'm telling you this now . 
 i will never forget that mechanical bird you made . 
 the one that only sang when you opened its cage door ? '' 
 `` you remember that ? '' 
 he 's mystified . 
 `` or the fifty-step rube goldberg machine that sharpened a pencil ? 
 or that insane train of dominoes that took you two weeks to set up , but was over in a minute ? 
 it was incredible . 
 just because something is n't practical does n't mean it 's not worth creating . 
 sometimes beauty and real-life magic are enough . '' 
 i turn to face him , cross-legged . 
 `` it 's like my marie antoinette dress . 
 it 's not practical , but ... for that one moment , arriving at a dance in a beautiful , elaborate dress that no one else is wearing and that everyone will remember ? 
 i want that . '' 
 cricket stares across the city lights toward the bay . 
 `` you will . 
 you 'll have it . '' 
 `` not without your help . '' 
 i want to give him a friendly shove , but i settle for a verbal jab . 
 `` so are you gon na get started on my panniers tomorrow or what ? '' 
 `` i already started them . '' 
 he meets my eyes again . 
 `` i stayed in tonight , too . 
 i did n't just hand out candy . '' 
 i 'm touched . 
 `` cricket bell . 
 you are the nicest guy i know . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he snorts . 
 `` the nice guy . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that was what my one-and-only girlfriend said when she broke up with me . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i 'm taken aback . 
 the girlfriend , at last . 
 `` that 's ... a really , really stupid reason . '' 
 cricket scooches forward , and his knees almost bump mine . 
 almost . 
 `` it 's not uncommon . 
 nice guys finish last and all . '' 
 there 's a dig at max amid his self-deprecation , but i ignore it . 
 `` who was she ? '' 
 `` one of calliope 's friends . 
 last year . '' 
 `` a figure skater ? '' 
 `` my social scene does n't extend much further . '' 
 the news makes me unhappy . 
 skaters are gorgeous . 
 and talented . 
 and , like , athletically gifted . 
 i stand , my heart pounding in my ears . 
 `` i need to get home . '' 
 he looks at his wrist , but he 's not wearing his watch . 
 `` yeah , i guess it 's really late . 
 or really early . '' 
 we descend the eighty stairs to our street corner before cricket unexpectedly halts . 
 `` oh , no . 
 you wanted to talk about max . 
 do you - '' `` i think we were supposed to talk tonight , '' i interrupt him with a glance toward the moon . 
 she 's a waxing gibbous , almost full . 
 `` and i thought it was supposed to be about max , but i was wrong . 
 we needed to talk about you . '' 
 i point at my feet . 
 i 'm standing over the word bell . 
 it 's imprinted on the grate for pacific bell , the phone company . 
 they 're everywhere , on every street . 
 `` see ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` every time i see dolores street , i think of you . '' 
 his words rush out . 
 `` dolores park . 
 dolores mission . 
 you 're everywhere in this neighborhood , you are this neighborhood . '' 
 i close my eyes . 
 he should n't say things like that , but i do n't want him to stop . 
 it 's become impossible to deny he means something to me . 
 i do n't have the courage to name it . 
 not yet . 
 but it 's there . 
 i open my eyes , and ... he 's gone . 
 he 's walking swiftly up the stairs to his home . 
 another vanished spirit on halloween . 
 chapter twenty-three i like to try new things . 
 like when i went vegan my freshman year . 
 it only lasted three days , because i missed cheddar , but i tried it . 
 and i 'm constantly trying on hats in stores . 
 they 're the one item i ca n't make work for me , but i keep trying , because i 'm positive that someday i 'll find the right one . 
 maybe it 'll be a vintage cloche dripping with faux peonies , or maybe it 'll be a stetson laced with a red bandanna . 
 i 'll find it . 
 i just have to keep trying them on . 
 so it annoys me when lindsey suggests i 'm not trying hard enough to find something to curl my hair . 
 my fake hair . 
 she 's balancing chemistry equations while i borrow her parents ' handheld steamer to bend my white hair into the appropriately sized curls . 
 later , i 'll spray-glue them to my marie antoinette wig . 
 but first i need to curl the stupid curls . 
 `` do n't you have anything bigger ? 
 or smaller ? '' 
 i gesture to the cylindrical shapes-pens , markers , glassware , even a monocular spy scope - spread before me . 
 none of them is the right size . 
 she flips a textbook page . 
 `` got me . 
 it 's your wig . 
 try harder . '' 
 i search her room , but i know i wo n't find anything . 
 her bedroom is so well ordered that i would have already seen it if she had it . 
 lindsey 's walls are painted classic nancy drew - spine yellow . 
 her complete collection of the novels is lined up in neat rows across the top shelves of her bookcase and below them , alphabetical by author , are titles like history 's greatest spies , detecting for dummies , and the tao of crime fighting . 
 beside her bed are meticulously organized magazine holders with four years ' worth of back issues of eye spy intelligence magazine and a dozen spy gear catalogs tabbed with sticky notes marking wishlist items . 
 but her room is devoid of any further cylindrical objects . 
 `` and in the closest race of the night , new york senator joseph wasserstein is still fighting to hold on to his seat , '' the toupee-d newsman says . 
 it 's election day , and since the lims do n't get cable , every channel is filled with boring coverage . 
 the only reason the television is on is to drown out the sound of mrs. lim blasting neil diamond . 
 he 's this superold pop singer who wears sequined shirts . 
 even the sparkles are n't enough to sway me , though i 'd never tell her that . 
 when she 's not cooking killer korean barbecue at the restaurant , she blogs for his secondlargest fansite . 
 i point at the newsman . 
 `` i bet that guy could help me . 
 does he seriously think that rug on his head looks real ? '' 
 it switches to a clip of senator wasserstein and his family waiting for the final tallies . 
 his wife has that perfectly coiffed hair and that toothy political smile , but his teenage son looks uncomfortable and out of place . 
 he 's actually kinda cute . 
 i say so , and lindsey looks up at the screen . 
 `` god . 
 you are so predictable . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` he looks miserable . 
 you only like guys who look pissed off . '' 
 `` that 's not true . '' 
 i turn off the television , and neil 's vibrato shakes the floor . 
 lindsey laughs . 
 `` yeah , max is known for his charming smile . '' 
 i frown.two sundays have passed , and we did n't have brunch on either one . 
 max called the morning after halloween and told me he would n't be coming-that day or any sunday after . 
 i ca n't blame him for being tired of the scrutiny . 
 i told my parents that he had more shows scheduled , and they 're still too frazzled by norah to inquire further . 
 truthfully , i hope my parents will just sort of forget that brunch was ever a requirement . 
 i 've been seeing max at odd times-before a weekend shift at the theater , during a dinner break , and once at his apartment after school . 
 my parents thought i was at lindsey 's . 
 but i 've seen a lot of cricket . 
 it only took him one more night to finish the panniers , plus an afternoon at my house with final fittings . 
 they 're gigantic and amazing . 
 it 's like wearing the framework of a horizontal skyscraper . 
 and i 've finished the stays , so i 'm working on the best part now : the gown itself . 
 cricket helped measure and cut the fabric . 
 it turns out that not only is he handy because of his math and science skills , but he also knows a little about sewing because of calliope 's costumes , which are in constant need of repair . 
 i 've only had one more run-in with calliope , another beforeschool incident , although this was accidental . 
 she actually ran into me when she was leaving her house and did n't see me coming . 
 at least , i think it was accidental . 
 `` you just ca n't stay away , can you ? '' 
 she grumbled , before jogging away . 
 `` i live here ! '' 
 i said , rubbing my bruised arm . 
 she ignored me . 
 but since cricket and i have been busy with my project , it 's been easier to be friends . 
 there was only one awkward moment , when he came over the first time . 
 i had n't thought to clean up my room , and there was a hot pink bra thrown on the center of my floor . 
 he turned the same shade of magenta when he saw it . 
 to be fair , i did , too . 
 cricket . 
 wait a second . 
 i know exactly what i need to curl my wig . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' i tell lindsey , and i pop downstairs , where mrs. lim is at the family computer . 
 i raise my voice above neil 's . 
 `` where do you keep the broom ? '' 
 then i add , `` i did n't break anything . '' 
 `` in there . '' 
 she gives a distracted gesture to the hall closet . 
 `` troll on the message board . 
 he 's saying wayne newton is better than neil diamond . 
 do you believe ? '' 
 `` totally ridiculous . '' 
 i grab the broom . 
 it actually looks just like the one cricket used to collect my binder . 
 i race upstairs and thrust the handle at lindsey . 
 `` aha ! 
 the perfect circumference . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` and plenty of room for us to steam multiple strands at once . 
 nice . '' 
 `` you 're gon na help ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 and thank goodness she does , because it turns out to be a horrible , time-consuming job . 
 `` you 're lucky i love you , lola . '' 
 another strand slips to the carpet before curling , and i stifle a scream . 
 she laughs in an exhausted , slaphappy way , and it makes me laugh , too . 
 `` this really is one of the worst ideas i 've ever had , '' i say . 
 `` not one of the worst . 
 the worst . '' 
 her strand slips to the floor . 
 `` ahh ! '' 
 she says , and we topple over with laughter . 
 `` let 's hope cricket is right , and ` the beauty will be worth the effort . ' '' 
 it 's like being hit by a train . 
 `` when did he say that ? '' 
 lindsey 's laughter fades . 
 `` oh . 
 um . 
 sunday afternoon . '' 
 `` sunday ? 
 this last sunday?you talked to cricket on sunday ? '' 
 she keeps her eyes on a new strand of white hair . 
 `` yeah , um , we went out . '' 
 i drop the broom . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` not like that , '' she says quickly . 
 `` i mean , we hung out in a group . 
 as friends . '' 
 my brain is fizzing and popping . 
 `` what group ? 
 who ? '' 
 `` he called to see if i wanted to go bowling with him and calliope . 
 and ... with charlie . 
 you were at work , so you were busy . 
 that 's why we did n't ask . '' 
 i 've lost the ability to speak . 
 she lifts my side of the broom and puts it into my hands . 
 i take it numbly . 
 `` i told them about charlie at scare francisco , after you left to meet max , '' she continues . 
 `` i do n't know why . 
 it just spilled out . 
 maybe i was bummed you were with max again , and i was alone . '' 
 guilt . 
 guilt , guilt , guilt . 
 `` anyway , cricket thought it 'd be a good idea if i hung out with charlie as friends first , in a group . 
 you know . 
 to make it easier . '' 
 that was my idea . 
 mine ! 
 `` so we went bowling , and ... we had a fun time . '' 
 i 'm not sure what hurts more : that she had n't mentioned this until now , that she hung out with cricket without me , that she hung out with calliope at all , or that cricket came up with the same brilliant idea that i did and got to take credit for it . 
 okay , so my idea was a double date , and obviously cricket is n't dating his sister . 
 but still . 
 it seems to have worked . 
 and i was n't there . 
 and i 'm supposed to be the best friend . 
 `` oh . 
 that 's ... that 's great , lindsey . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should have told you sooner . 
 but i did n't know how you 'd feel about me hanging out with the twins , and i really wanted to go . 
 and you were busy . 
 you 've been busy a lot in the last few months . '' 
 since you met max . 
 she might as well have said it . 
 i look back at my work . 
 `` no , i 'm glad you went . 
 i 'm glad you had a nice time with charlie . '' 
 half of that is true . 
 `` i had a nice time with the twins , too , '' she says cautiously . 
 `` once calliope relaxes , she 's kinda fun . 
 she 's under an insane amount of pressure . '' 
 `` hmph . 
 so people tell me . '' 
 `` honestly , lo , i do n't think she 's the mean girl she once was . 
 she 's just protective . '' 
 i glare at her . 
 `` her brother is in college . 
 i think he can handle himself . '' 
 `` and he does speak his mind now . 
 however strangely it might come out , '' she adds . 
 `` you know that he never hurt you on purpose . 
 and when you 're not around , he asks a hundred questions about you . 
 about max , too . 
 he likes you . 
 he 's always liked you , remember ? '' 
 i stop steaming curls . 
 `` and i do n't want you to bite my head off for saying this , '' she says rapidly , `` but it 's pretty clear you like cricket bell , too . '' 
 it 's like something is caught in my throat . 
 i swallow . 
 `` and why do you think that ? '' 
 she takes the steamer from me . 
 `` because anyone with the power of observation can see you 're still crazy about him . '' 
 i 'm setting the dinner table when i discover a newspaper clipping tucked under the corner of my place mat . 
 andy strikes again . 
 it 's an article about an increase in stds among teenagers . 
 i shove it into the recycle bin . 
 do my parents know i 'm hav ** g s * x ? 
 i know max slept with many girls-many women-before me . 
 but he 's been tested . 
 he 's clean . 
 still , these mystery women haunt me . 
 i picture max in dark corners of bars , in his apartment , in beds across the city with glamorous succubi , intoxicated and infatuated . 
 max assures me the truth s far less exciting . 
 i almost believe him . 
 it does n't help that tonight , a night i have off from work , amphetamine has a gig at the honey pot , a burlesque club that i 'm not old enough to get into . 
 i 'm trying not to let it bother me . 
 i know burlesque is an art , but it makes me uncomfortable . 
 it makes me feel young . 
 i hate feeling young . 
 but there are many things troubling me tonight . 
 it 's friday . 
 will cricket come home this weekend ? 
 lindsey 's words have been looping inside my head all week . 
 how is it possible for me to feel this way ? 
 to be interested in cricket and still be concerned about my relationship with max ? 
 i want things to be okay with my boyfriend , i do . 
 it 's supposed to be simple . 
 i do n't want another complication . 
 i do n't want to be interested in cricket . 
 during dinner , andy and nathan exchange worried looks over the veggie potpie . 
 `` anything wrong , lo ? '' 
 andy finally asks . 
 `` you seem distracted . '' 
 i tear my eyes from the window in our kitchen , from which i can barely see the bell family 's front porch . 
 `` huh ? 
 yeah . 
 everything 's fine . '' 
 my parents look at me doubtfully as norah comes in and sits at the table . 
 `` that was chrysanthemum bean , the one with the duck voice . 
 she 's coming over early tomorrow for a reading before buying her weekly scratch-offs . '' 
 nathan winces and grinds more pepper on top of his potpie . 
 and grinds . 
 and grinds . 
 andy shifts in his seat . 
 he 's always complaining that nathan ruins his meals by adding too much pepper . 
 `` christ . 
 stop it , would you ? '' 
 norah says to her brother . 
 `` you 're raising his blood pressure . 
 you 're raising my blood pressure . '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' andy says sharply . 
 even though i can see it 's killing him . 
 we have n't had a relaxed meal since she-and her clients , none of whom should be spending their limited finances on tea-leaf readings or lottery scratch-offs-arrived . 
 i turn away in time to catch a lanky figure running up the steps next door . 
 and i sit up so fast that everyone stops bickering to see what 's caused the disturbance . 
 cricket pats his pockets for his house key . 
 his pants are tighter than usual . 
 and the moment i notice this is the same moment that i 'm knocked over by the truth of my feelings . 
 lust . 
 he locates his key just as the front door opens . 
 calliope lets him inside . 
 i sink back down in my chair . 
 i did n't even realize that i 'd partially risen out of it . 
 andy clears his throat . 
 `` cricket looks good . '' 
 my face flames . 
 `` i wonder if he has a girlfriend ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` do you know ? '' 
 `` no , '' i mumble . 
 nathan laughs . 
 `` i remember when you two used to accidentally run into each other on walks - '' andy cuts nathan a quick look , and nathan shuts his mouth . 
 norah smirks . 
 so it 's true , our embarrassing crush was obvious to everyone . 
 fantastic . 
 i stand . 
 `` i 'm going upstairs . 
 i have homework . '' 
 `` on a friday night ? '' 
 andy asks as nathan says , `` dishes first . '' 
 i take my plates to the sink . 
 will cricket eat dinner with his family or go straight to his bedroom ? 
 i 'm scrubbing the dishes so hard that i slice myself with a paring knife . 
 i hiss under my breath . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 all three ask at the same time . 
 `` i cut myself . 
 not bad , though . '' 
 `` be careful , '' nathan says . 
 parents are excellent at stating the obvious . 
 but i slow down and finish without further incident . 
 the dishwasher is chugging as i race upstairs and burst into my room . 
 my shoulders sag . 
 his light is off . 
 calm down , it 's only cricket . 
 i busy myself by sewing pleats into my marie antoinette dress . 
 twenty minutes pass . 
 thirty , forty , fifty , sixty . 
 what is he doing ? 
 the bells ' downstairs lights are on , so for all i know , the entire family could be parked in front of the television watching eight hours of ... something . 
 whatever . 
 i ca n't concentrate , and now i 'm angry . 
 angry at cricket for not being here and angry at myself for caring . 
 i wash off my makeup , remove my contacts , change into my pajamas-careful to close my curtains first - and flop into bed . 
 the clock reads 9:37 . 
 max 's band has n't even started playing yet . 
 just when i thought i could n't feel like a bigger loser . 
 i toss and turn as images flash through my mind : cricket , max , burlesque dancers sitting in oyster shells . 
 i 'm finally drifting into a restless sleep when there 's a faint plink against my window . 
 my eyes shoot open . 
 did i dream it ? 
 plink , my window says again . 
 i leap out of bed and pull aside my curtains . 
 cricket bell sits on his windowsill , feet swinging against his house . 
 something tiny is in one hand and the other is poised to throw something else . 
 i open my window and a thousand bottled emotions explode inside of me at the full sight of him . 
 i like cricket . 
 like that . 
 again . 
 he lowers his hand . 
 `` i did n't have any pebbles . '' 
 my heart is stuck in my throat . 
 i swallow . 
 `` what were you throwing ? '' 
 i squint , but i ca n't make it out . 
 `` put on your glasses and see . '' 
 when i come back , he holds it up . 
 he 's smiling . 
 i smile back , self-conscious . 
 `` what are you doing with a box of toothpicks ? '' 
 `` making party trays of cubed cheese , '' he says with a straight face . 
 `` why was your light off ? '' 
 `` i was sleeping . '' 
 `` it 's not even ten-thirty . '' 
 his legs stop swinging . 
 `` no hot date ? '' 
 i do n't want to go there . 
 `` you know '' - i point at his legs - `` if you stretch those out , i bet they could touch my house . '' 
 he tries . 
 they fall a few feet short , and i smile again . 
 `` they looked long enough . '' 
 `` ah , yes . 
 cricket and his monstrously long legs . 
 his monstrously long body . '' 
 i laugh , and his eyes twinkle back . 
 `` our houses just need to be closer together , '' i say . 
 `` your proportions are perfect . '' 
 he releases his legs and stares at me carefully . 
 the moment lasts so long that i have to look away . 
 cricket once said he thought my body was perfect , too . 
 i blush at the memory and for revealing something unintentionally . 
 at last , he speaks . 
 `` this is n't working for me . '' 
 he throws his legs inside and disappears into his room , out of view . 
 i 'm startled . 
 `` cricket ? '' 
 i hear him rustling around . 
 `` five minutes . 
 take a bathroom break or something . '' 
 it 's not a bad idea . 
 i 'm not sure how much he can see in the darkness , but a little makeup would n't hurt . 
 i 'm raising the mascara wand to my lashes when i 'm struck by how ... not smart this is . 
 applying makeup . 
 for someone who is n't my boyfriend . 
 i settle for just a cherry-flavored lip gloss , but as soon as the scent hits me , i 'm shaking . 
 cherry flavored . 
 tea leaves . 
 first love . 
 i return to my bedroom , wiping the gloss off on my hand , as there 's a clang against my window . 
 and then i see what he 's about to do . 
 `` oh god ! 
 no , cricket , do n't ! '' 
 `` it 'll hold my weight . 
 just grab onto that side , okay ? 
 just in case ? '' 
 i clutch it tightly . 
 he 's removed one of his closet shelves , the thick wire kind that 's coated in a white plastic , and he 's using it as a bridge between our bedrooms . 
 `` careful ! '' 
 i shout too loudly , and the bridge shakes . 
 but he smiles . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 've got it . '' 
 and he does . 
 cricket scoots across quickly , right to where i 'm holding it . 
 his face is against mine . 
 `` you can let go now , '' he whispers . 
 my hands throb from gripping it so hard . 
 i step back , allowing him room to enter . 
 he slides down , and his legs brush against mine lengthwise . 
 my body jolts . 
 it 's the first time we 've touched in ages . 
 he 's so tall that his heart beats against my cheek . 
 his heart . 
 i falter backward . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 i hiss , feeling all kinds of anxious . 
 `` you could have fallen and broken your neck . '' 
 `` i thought it 'd be easier to talk face-to-face . '' 
 he keeps his voice low . 
 `` we could 've met on the sidewalk , gone for another walk . '' 
 he hesitates . 
 `` should i go back ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 i mean ... no . 
 you 're already here . '' 
 a knock on my door startles us even farther apart . 
 `` lola ? '' 
 nathan says . 
 `` i heard a crash . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 my eyes widen in panic . 
 my parents will kill me if they find an unexpected boy in my room . 
 even if it is cricket ! 
 i push him on the floor behind my bed , where he ca n't be seen from my door . 
 i jump in and pray nathan does n't question the sound of bedsprings . 
 `` i fell out of bed , '' i say groggily . 
 `` i was exhausted . 
 i was having a nightmare . '' 
 `` a nightmare ? '' 
 the door opens , and nathan peeks his head in . 
 `` it 's been a long time since you 've had one of those . 
 do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 `` no , it was ... stupid . 
 a wolverine was chasing me . 
 or a werewolf . 
 i dunno , you know how dreams are . 
 i 'm fine now . '' 
 pleeeeease go away . 
 the i really do n't want to have this conversation in front of cricket . 
 `` dad - '' `` is it norah ? 
 i know things have n't been easy since she got here , but - '' `` i 'm fine , dad . 
 good night . '' 
 `` is it max ? 
 or cricket ? 
 you turned strange when you saw him tonight , and i did n't mean to embarrass you when i said - '' `` good night , dad . '' 
 please stop talking . 
 he sighs . 
 `` okay , lola-doodle . 
 but take off your glasses . 
 i do n't want you to crush them . '' 
 i set them on my bedside table , and he leaves . 
 cricket waits until the footsteps hit the landing below . 
 his head pops up beside my own , and even though i know he 's there , it makes me jump . 
 `` my dad was talking about ... '' i struggle for a nonincriminating answer . 
 `` i saw you come home , and it was at the same time norah was telling us about this awful client . 
 i must have been making a terrible face . '' 
 i hate myself . 
 he 's quiet . 
 `` so ... now what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 cricket turns away from me . 
 he leans his back against the side of my bed . 
 `` if you want me to go , i will . '' 
 sadness . 
 desire . 
 an ache inside of me so strong that i do n't know how i believed it had ever left . 
 i stare at the back of his head , and it 's like the oxygen has disappeared from my room . 
 my heart has turned to water . 
 i 'm drowning . 
 `` no , '' i whisper at last . 
 `` you just got here . '' 
 i want to touch him again . 
 i have to touch him again . 
 if i do n't touch him again , i 'll die . 
 i reach toward his hair . 
 he wo n't even notice . 
 but just as my fingertips are about to make contact , he turns around . 
 and his head jerks backward as i nearly poke out an eye . 
 `` sorry ! 
 i 'm sorry ! '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 but he grins as he lunges to poke out mine . 
 i grab his finger , and then-just like that-i 'm holding on to him . 
 my hand is wrapped around his index finger . 
 but he zeros in on my rainbow band-aid . 
 `` is that where you cut yourself ? '' 
 `` it was nothing . '' 
 i let go of him , self-conscious again . 
 `` i was doing the dishes . '' 
 he watches me wring my hands . 
 `` cool nails , '' he finally says . 
 they 're black with a pink stripe down the center of each nail . 
 and then ... i know how i can touch him . 
 `` hey . 
 let me paint yours . '' 
 i 'm already getting up for my favorite dark blue polish . 
 somehow , i know he wo n't protest . 
 i carry it to the floor , where he 's still leaning against my bed . 
 he sits up straight . 
 `` will this hurt ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` badly . '' 
 i shake the bottle . 
 `` but try to keep your screams low , i do n't want nathan coming back . '' 
 cricket smiles as i reach for my chemistry textbook . 
 `` put this on your lap , i 'll need a steady surface . 
 now place your hands on it . '' 
 we 're close to each other , much closer than we 've been while working on my dress . 
 `` i 'm going to take your left hand now . '' 
 he swallows . 
 `` okay . '' 
 cricket holds it up slightly . 
 tonight the back of his hand has a star drawn on it . 
 i wonder what it means as i slide my hand underneath his fingers . 
 his hand twitches violently . 
 `` you 'll have to hold it steady , '' i say . 
 but i 'm smiling . 
 contact . 
 i paint his nails opening night blue by the light of the moon . 
 our grips relax as i focus on my work . 
 slow , careful strokes . 
 we do n't talk . 
 my skin and his skin . 
 only a book between my hand and his lap . 
 i feel him watch me the entire time-not my hands , but my face-and his gaze burns like an african sun . 
 when i finish , i lift my eyes to his . 
 he stares back . 
 the moon moves across the sky . 
 her beams hit his eyelashes , and i 'm struck anew that i 'm alone , in the dark , with a boy who once shattered my heart . 
 who would kiss me , if i did n't have a boyfriend . 
 who i would kiss , if i did n't have a boyfriend . 
 who i want to kiss anyway . 
 i bite my bottom lip . 
 he 's hypnotized . 
 i lean forward , moving the curves of my body into the slender shadow of his . 
 the air between us is physically hot , painfully so . 
 he glances down my shirt . 
 it is very , very close to his line of vision . 
 i part my lips . 
 and then he 's stumbling away . 
 `` i want to , '' he croaks . 
 `` you know i want to . '' 
 he tests the bridge for firmness and springs onto it . 
 cricket bell does n't look back , so he does n't see the tears spilling down my face . 
 the only thing he leaves behind is a smudge of blue polish on my window frame . 
 chapter twenty-four loooo-laaaa . 
 beautiful lola . '' 
 franko 's eyes are red and dilated . 
 as usual . 
 i dig through the box-office drawers , throwing dry pens and dusty instruction manuals to the floor . 
 `` have you seen the ink cartridges for the tickets ? '' 
 `` no , but have you seen the popcorn today ? 
 it 's so ... aerodynamically inclined . 
 i think i might 've eaten some . 
 do i have kernels in my teeth ? '' 
 `` no kernels , '' i snap . 
 `` i think i have kernels in my teeth . 
 like , right between my front teeth . '' 
 he stands , and his tongue explores his own mouth in a disgusting form of self-french kissing . 
 `` the strings are beautiful tonight . '' 
 `` sure . 
 the strings . '' 
 `` i mean , i would n't cut one , but if i did , i 'd say ... that 's a beautiful string . '' 
 seriously , if he does n't shut up soon , i 'm strangling him . 
 my patience is at an all-time low . 
 i wave my arms at st. clair , who is ripping tickets tonight . 
 there 's no one around , so he strolls over . 
 `` for the love of god , you two have to switch jobs , '' i say . 
 `` you 're beautiful , st. clair , '' franko says . 
 `` everyone is beautiful to you when you 're high . '' 
 he sits in franko 's seat . 
 `` scat . '' 
 franko lumbers away . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 `` i just ... ca n't handle that right now . '' 
 he gives me a full-bodied shrug . 
 `` right now or for the entire month of november ? '' 
 `` do n't even , '' i warn . 
 but it 's true . 
 since my complete and total humiliation with cricket two weeks ago-and his subsequent disappearance from my life-i 've been extremely unpleasant . 
 i 'm hurt , and i 'm angry . 
 no , i 'm furious , because it 's my stupid fault . 
 i threw myself at him . 
 what does he think of me now ? 
 obviously , not much . 
 i 've called him twice and sent three apology texts , but he 's ignored them all . 
 so much for mr. nice guy . 
 `` mr. nice guy ? '' 
 st. clair asks . 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 oh , no . 
 i 'm talking out loud again . 
 `` me , '' i lie . 
 `` mr. nice guy is gone . '' 
 he sighs and checks the clock on the wall . 
 `` fantastic . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 and i mean it . 
 my friends-lindsey , anna , and st. clair-have all been patient with me . 
 more than i deserve . 
 i told lindsey what happened , but st. clair , and through him , anna , must have heard some version of something from cricket . 
 i 'm not sure what . 
 `` thank you for taking franko 's place . 
 i appreciate it . '' 
 the european shrug again . 
 we work quietly for the next hour . 
 as the minutes tick by , i feel more and more guilty . 
 it 's time to change my attitude . 
 at least around my friends . 
 `` so , '' i say during the next customer lull . 
 `` how did it go with anna 's family ? 
 did n't her mom and brother visit for thanksgiving ? '' 
 he smiles for the first time since coming in here . 
 `` i wooed them off their feet . 
 it was an excellent visit . '' 
 i grin and then give him a nod with exaggerated formality . 
 `` congratulations . '' 
 `` thank you , '' he says with equal formality . 
 `` they stayed with my mum . '' 
 `` that 's ... weird . '' 
 `` not really . 
 mum is cool , easy to get along with . '' 
 i raise a teasing eyebrow . 
 `` so where did you guys stay ? '' 
 `` where we always stay . '' 
 he stares back solemnly . 
 `` in our very separate dormitories . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` did you spend thanksgiving with the boyfriend ? '' 
 `` uh , no . '' 
 i stumble through an explanation about norah being difficult and max being busy , but it sounds hollow and forced . 
 we 're silent for a minute . 
 `` how do you ... '' i 'm struggling to find the right words . 
 `` how do you and anna make it work?you make it seem easy . '' 
 `` being with anna is easy . 
 she 's the one . '' 
 the one . 
 it stops my heart . 
 i thought max was the one , but ... there 's that other one . 
 the first one . 
 `` do you believe in that ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 `` in one person for everyone ? '' 
 something changes in st. clair 's eyes . 
 maybe sadness . 
 `` i ca n't speak for anyone but myself , '' he says . 
 `` but , for me , yes . 
 i have to be with anna . 
 but this is something you have to figure out on your own . 
 i ca n't answer that for you , no one can . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` lola . '' 
 he rolls his chair over to my side . 
 `` i know things are shite right now . 
 and in the name of friendship and full disclosure , i went through something similar last year . 
 when i met anna , i was with someone else . 
 and it took a long time before i found the courage to do the hard thing . 
 but you have to do the hard thing . '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` and what 's the hard thing ? '' 
 `` you have to be honest with yourself . '' 
 `` lola . 
 you look ... different . '' 
 the next afternoon and i 'm on max 's doorstep , sans wig and fancy makeup . 
 i 'm wearing an understated skirt and a simple blouse , and my natural hair is loose around my shoulders . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 i 'm nervous . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he moves aside , and i enter . 
 `` is johnny here ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm alone . '' 
 max pauses . 
 `` do your dads know you 're here ? '' 
 `` they do n't have to know where i am all the time . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` right . '' 
 i wander toward his couch , pick up the noam chomsky book on his coffee table , flip through the pages , and set it back down . 
 i do n't know where to begin . 
 i 'm here for answers . 
 i 'm here to find out if he 's the one . 
 max is staring at me strangely , about something other than my sudden presence . 
 it makes me even more uncomfortable . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what 's that look ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 you ... look a little young today . '' 
 my heart wrenches . 
 `` is that bad ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you look beautiful . '' 
 and he gives me that gorgeous half smile . 
 `` come here . '' 
 max collapses onto his beat-up couch , and i climb into his arms . 
 we sit in silence . 
 he waits for me to speak again , aware that i 'm here for a reason . 
 but i ca n't form the words . 
 i thought being here would be enough . 
 i thought i 'd know when i saw him . 
 why is the truth so hard to see ? 
 i trace his spiderwebs . 
 max closes his eyes . 
 i lightly brush the boy in the wolf suit in the crook of his elbow . 
 he releases a moan , and our lips find each other . 
 he pulls me onto his lap . 
 i 'm helpless against the current . 
 `` lolita , '' he whispers . 
 and my entire body freezes . 
 max does n't notice . 
 he lifts the edge of my shirt , and it 's enough to wake me up . 
 i yank it back down . 
 he startles . 
 `` what ? 
 what 's the matter ? '' 
 i can barely keep my voice steady . 
 `` which one , max ? '' 
 `` which one , what ? '' 
 he 's unusually dazed . 
 `` what are we talking about ? '' 
 `` which dolores nolan are you in love with ? 
 are you in love with me , lola ? 
 or are you in love with lolita ? '' 
 `` and what is that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` you know exactly what it means . 
 you call me lolita , but you get weird when i 'm not dressed up , when i look my age . 
 so which one ? 
 do you like the older me or the younger me ? '' 
 a worse thought occurs . 
 `` or do you only like me because i 'm young ? '' 
 max is furious . 
 he pushes me off his lap and stands up . 
 `` you really want to have this conversation ? 
 right now ? '' 
 `` when would be a better time ? 
 when , max ? '' 
 he swipes up his lighter from the side table . 
 `` i thought we 'd been over the age thing . 
 i thought it was something that bothered other people . '' 
 `` i just want the truth . 
 do you love me ? 
 or do you love my age ? '' 
 `` how the hell can you say that ? '' 
 max throws his lighter across the room . 
 `` in case you 've forgotten , let me remind you . 
 you chased me down . 
 i did n't want this . '' 
 `` what you mean you ` did n't want this ' ? 
 you did n't want me ? '' 
 `` that 's not what i said ! '' 
 he bursts out . 
 `` oh , i wanted you . 
 but guys like me are n't supposed to go after girls like you , remember ? 
 is n't that what we 're talking about ? 
 jesus . 
 i do n't know what you want me to say . 
 it sounds like every answer i give you will be the wrong one . '' 
 the truth hits me with a vicious punch to the gut . 
 every answer is the wrong one . 
 `` you 're right , '' i whisper . 
 `` damn right , i 'm right . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` wait . 
 right about what ? '' 
 `` there 's no right answer . 
 it does n't exist . 
 there 's no way this can end well . '' 
 he stares me down . 
 for several moments , neither of us speaks . 
 `` you 're not serious , '' he says at last . 
 i force myself to stand . 
 `` i think i am . '' 
 `` you think you are . '' 
 his jaw hardens . 
 `` after your parents . 
 after sunday brunch ? 
 do you have any idea what i 've put up with to be with you ? '' 
 `` but that 's just it ! 
 you should n't have to ` put up ' with - '' `` did i have a choice ? '' 
 max closes the distance between us . 
 `` yes . 
 no ! 
 i do n't know ... '' i 'm shaking . 
 `` i 'm just trying to be honest . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 his nose is an inch from mine . 
 `` you 're ready to be honest . '' 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` honestly , '' he says , `` i do n't know who you are . 
 every time i see you , you 're someone different . 
 you 're a liar , and you 're a fake . 
 despite what you think , despite what your dads have told you , there is nothing special about you . 
 you 're just a little girl with a lot of issues . 
 that is what i think about you . '' 
 and then ... my world goes black . 
 `` love , '' i blurt . 
 `` i thought you loved me . '' 
 `` i thought i did , too . 
 thank you for making things so clear . '' 
 i stumble backward in horror . 
 for one crazy moment , i want to throw myself at his feet and beg for his forgiveness . 
 promise to be someone else , promise to be one person . 
 max crosses his arms . 
 and then ... i want to hurt him . 
 i step back into him , my nose against his . 
 `` guess what ? '' 
 i hiss back . 
 `` i am a liar . 
 i do like cricket bell . 
 you 're right . 
 i 've been hanging out with him this whole time ! 
 and he 's been in my bedroom , and i 've been in his . 
 and i want him , max . 
 i want him . '' 
 he 's shaking with rage . 
 `` get . 
 out . '' 
 i grab my purse and throw open his front door . 
 `` i never want to see you again . '' 
 his voice is deathly low . 
 `` you are nothing to me . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say . 
 `` thank you for making things so clear . '' 
 chapter twenty-five i 'm dizzy . 
 seeing spots . 
 stumbling . 
 walk or bus ? 
 walk or bus ? 
 i 'm walking . 
 yes , i 'll walk home . 
 but then i see the bus and somehow i 'm on the bus and i 'm sobbing my guts out . 
 a hipster with an ironic mustache shifts down a row . 
 an elderly man in a baseball cap knits his brows at me , and the woman with the quilted jacket looks as if she actually wants to say something . 
 i twist away and continue weeping . 
 and then i 'm pulling the cord and i 'm off the bus and i 'm staggering uphill . 
 toward home . 
 it feels like someone is clawing at my stomach , my chest , my heart . 
 like my insides are being ripped from my body and stitched to my skin for the world to ridicule . 
 how could he ? 
 how could he say those things ? 
 how could my life change so drastically , so quickly ? 
 one minute we were fine . 
 the next ... oh god . 
 it 's over . 
 i want to crawl into bed and disappear . 
 i do n't want to see anyone . 
 i do n't want to talk to anyone . 
 i do n't want to think or do anything . 
 max . 
 i clutch my chest . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 get inside , dolores . 
 you 're almost there . 
 i 'm only two houses away when i see them . 
 the bell family . 
 they 're wrapped in a heated discussion in the center of their small driveway . 
 mr. bell - tall and slender like the twins , but with sandy hair-is shaking his head and gesturing at the road . 
 mrs. bell-shor ter , but with the twins ' same dark hair-is rubbing her fingers against her temples . 
 calliope 's back is to me , hands on her hips . 
 and cricket ... he 's staring straight at me . 
 he seems shaken , no doubt by both my sudden appearance and how i actually appear . 
 the rest of his body turns to face me , which reveals another surprise . 
 there 's a baby on his hip . 
 i hide my face with a curtain of hair and run up the stairs to my house . 
 the bells have stopped talking . 
 they 're watching me and listening to my choked sobs . 
 i glance over as i 'm opening the front door . 
 alexander is there , too . 
 the twins ' older brother . 
 i did n't see him because he 's standing behind cricket , several inches shorter . 
 the baby . 
 right . 
 aleck 's daughter , abigail . 
 max . 
 his name strikes again like whiplash , and the bells are forgotten , and i 'm slamming the door and racing into my bedroom . 
 nathan hears my pounding footsteps and chases after me . 
 `` what is it , lola ? 
 what 's going on , what happened ? '' 
 i lock my door and fall against it . 
 i collapse . 
 nathan is knocking and shouting questions and soon andy and norah have joined him . 
 betsy 's tail thumps rapidly against the wall . 
 `` max and i broke up , okay ? 
 leave me alone . '' 
 the last word is cut off as my throat swells and blocks it . 
 there 's an agitated murmuring on the other side . 
 it sounds like norah is pulling away my parents , and i hear betsy 's jingling dog tags follow everyone back downstairs . 
 the hall is quiet . 
 i 'm alone now . 
 i 'm actually alone . 
 i throw myself into bed , shoes and all . 
 how could max be so cruel ? 
 how could i be so cruel back ? 
 he 's right . 
 i 'm a liar , and i 'm a fake , and ... i 'm not special . 
 there 's nothing special about me . 
 i 'm a stupid little girl crying on her bed . 
 why does my life keep cycling back to this moment ? 
 after cricket , two years ago . 
 after norah , almost two months ago . 
 and now , after max . 
 i 'll always be the little girl crying on her bed . 
 the thought makes me cry harder . 
 `` lola ? '' 
 i 'm not sure how much time has passed when i hear the faint voice outside my window . 
 `` lola ? '' 
 louder . 
 he tries a third time , a minute later , but i do n't get up . 
 how convenient of cricket to appear now , when i have n't seen him in two weeks . 
 when he has n't returned my calls . 
 when my soul is bluer than blue , blacker than black . 
 i 'm a bad person . 
 no , max is a bad person . 
 he 's difficult , he 's condescending , he 's jealous . 
 but i 'm worse . 
 i 'm a child playing dress-up , who ca n't even recognize herself under her own costume . 
 chapter twenty-six the rational side of me knows that i need some kind of release . 
 but i ca n't cry anymore . 
 i 'm empty . 
 i 'm drained . 
 and i ca n't move . 
 not that i 'd want to . 
 because that 's the thing about depression . 
 when i feel it deeply , i do n't want to let it go . 
 it becomes a comfort . 
 i want to cloak myself under its heavy weight and breathe it into my lungs . 
 i want to nurture it , grow it , cultivate it . 
 it 's mine . 
 i want to check out with it , drift asleep wrapped in its arms and not wake up for a long , long time . 
 i 've been spending a lot of time in bed this week . 
 when you 're asleep , no one asks you to do anything . 
 no one expects anything of you . 
 and you do n't have to face any of your troubles . 
 so i 've been dragging myself to school , and i 've been dragging myself to work . 
 and i 've been sleeping . 
 max is gone . 
 and not just gone as in he 's not my boyfriend anymore , but gone as in he 's gone . 
 i asked lindsey to retrieve a textbook i 'd left at his apartment , and his roommate said he left the city on tuesday . 
 johnny would n't say where max went . 
 he finally ran away . 
 without me . 
 i wish it did n't hurt to think about him . 
 and i 'm not upset because i want to be with him , i do n't , but he was so much to me for so long . 
 he was my future . 
 and now he 's nothing . 
 i gave him everything , and now he 's nothing . 
 he was my first , which means i 'll never be able to forget him , but i 'll fade from his memory . 
 soon i 'll just be another notch on his bedpost . 
 i did n't know it was possible to simultaneously hate and ache for someone . 
 i thought max and i would be together forever . 
 no one believed me . 
 we were going to prove them wrong , but we were the ones who were wrong . 
 or maybe i 'm the only one who was wrong . 
 did max think of me as forever ? 
 the question is too painful , either way , to consider . 
 my parents are worried , but they 've been leaving me alone so that i can heal . 
 as if it were possible to ever heal from heartbreak . 
 it 's around midnight-not quite friday , not quite saturday-and the moon is full again . 
 traditionally , farmers called the december full moon the cold moon or the long nights moon . 
 both feel appropriate tonight . 
 i opened my window to better absorb her coldness and longness , to use it feed it to my own , but it was a dumb mistake . 
 i 'm freezing . 
 and i had another long shift at the theater , and i 'm exhausted , and i ca n't find the energy to shut it . 
 but i ca n't sleep . 
 the silk fabric of my marie antoinette gown , draped across my sewing table , shimmers with a pale blue glow in the moonlight . 
 it 's so close to completion . 
 the winter formal is still a month and a half away , there was plenty of time . 
 it does n't matter anymore . 
 i 'm not going . 
 and i do n't even care about not having a date . 
 it 's the idea of showing up in something so ridiculous , that 's what hurts . 
 max was right . 
 the dance is stupid . 
 my classmates would n't be impressed by my dress ; they 'd be merciless . 
 i do n't know how long i 've been staring at its folds when a yellow light flicks on outside my window . 
 `` lola ? '' 
 a call through the night . 
 i close my eyes . 
 i ca n't speak . 
 `` i know you 're in there . 
 i 'm coming over , okay ? '' 
 i stiffen as the clunk of his closet-bridge hits my window . 
 he called out to me once more last weekend , but i pretended that did n't hear him . 
 i listen to the creak of his weight against the bridge , and a moment later , he drops quietly onto my floor . 
 `` lola ? '' 
 cricket is on his knees at the side of my bed . 
 i feel it . 
 `` i 'm here , '' he whispers . 
 `` you can talk to me or not talk to me , but i 'm here . '' 
 i close my eyes tighter . 
 `` st. clair told me what happened . 
 with max . '' 
 cricket waits for me to say something . 
 when i do n't , he continues . 
 `` i 'm - i 'm sorry i did n't call you back . 
 i was angry . 
 i told call about that night in your bedroom , and she went ballistic . 
 she said she 'd warned you to stay away from me , and we got into this huge fight . 
 i was angry with her for talking behind my back , and i was angry with you for not telling me . 
 like ... you did n't think i could handle it . '' 
 i cringe and curl into a ball . 
 why did n't i tell him ? 
 because i did n't want him to realize that her accusations were true ? 
 because i was afraid that he 'd listen to her words over mine ? 
 i 'm such a jerk . 
 as fearful of calliope as she is of me . 
 `` but ... this is coming out backward . '' 
 i hear him shift on his knees , agitated . 
 `` what i was trying to say-what i was getting at-is that i 've been thinking a lot about everything , and i 'm not actually angry with you at all . 
 i 'm angry with myself . 
 i 'm the one who keeps climbing in your window . 
 i 'm the one who ca n't stay away . 
 all of this weirdness is my fault . '' 
 `` cricket . 
 this is not your fault . '' 
 it comes out in a croak . 
 he 's silent . 
 i open my eyes , and he 's watching me . 
 i watch him back . 
 `` the moon is bright tonight , '' he says at last . 
 `` but it 's cold . '' 
 the tears have found me again . 
 they fall . 
 cricket reaches out and brushes my neck . 
 he traces upward , along my jaw , and then my cheek . 
 i close my eyes at the unbearable sensation of his thumb drying my tears . 
 he presses down gently . 
 i turn my head , and it becomes cradled in his hand . 
 he holds the weight for several minutes . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you that i talked with calliope , '' i whisper . 
 he pulls away , carefully , and i notice another star drawn on the back of his hand . 
 `` i 'm only upset that she spoke with you in the first place . 
 it was n't any of her business . '' 
 `` she was just worried about you . '' 
 as the words spill out , i realize that i believe them . 
 `` and she had every right to be worried . 
 i 'm not exactly a good person . '' 
 `` that 's not true , '' he says . 
 `` why would you say that ? '' 
 `` i was a terrible girlfriend to max . '' 
 there 's a long pause . 
 `` did you love him ? '' 
 he asks quietly . 
 i swallow . 
 `` yes . '' 
 cricket looks unhappy . 
 `` and do you still love him ? '' 
 he asks . 
 but before i can answer , he says in one great breath , `` forget it , i do n't want to know . '' 
 and suddenly cricket bell is inside my bed , and his torso is flattening against mine , and his pelvis is pressing against mine , and his lips are moving toward mine . 
 my senses are detonating . 
 i 've wanted him for so long . 
 and i need to wait a little longer . 
 i slide my hand between our mouths , just in time . 
 his lips are soft against my palm . 
 i slowly , slowly remove it . 
 `` no , i do n't love max anymore . 
 but i do n't want to give you this broken , empty me . 
 i want you to have me when i 'm full , when i can give something back to you . 
 i do n't have much to give right now . '' 
 cricket 's limbs are still , but his chest is pounding hard against my own . 
 `` but you 'll want me someday ? 
 that feeling you once had for me ... that has n't left either ? '' 
 our hearts beat the same wild rhythm . 
 they 're playing the same song . 
 `` it never left , '' i say . 
 cricket stays through the night . 
 and even though we do n't talk anymore , and even though we do n't do anything more than talk , it 's what i need . 
 the calming presence of a body i trust . 
 and when we fall asleep , we sleep heavily . 
 in fact , we sleep so heavily that we do n't see the sun rise . 
 we do n't hear the coffeepot brewing downstairs . 
 and we do n't hear nathan until he 's right above us . 
 chapter twenty-seven nathan grabs cricket by the shoulders and throws him off my bed . 
 cricket scrambles into a corner while i flounder for my closest eyeglasses . 
 my skin is on fire . 
 `` what the hell is going on in here ? 
 did he sneak in while - '' nathan cuts himself off . 
 he 's noticed the bridge . 
 he stalks up to cricket , who shrinks so low that he almost becomes nathan 's height . 
 `` so you 've been climbing into my daughter 's bedroom for how long now ? 
 days ? 
 weeks ? 
 months ? '' 
 cricket is so mortified he can hardly speak . 
 `` no . 
 oh god , no . 
 sir . 
 i 'm sorry , sir . '' 
 andy runs into the room , sleep disheveled and frenzied . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 he sees cricket cowering beneath nathan . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` do something ! '' 
 i tell andy . 
 `` he 'll kill him ! '' 
 murder flashes across andy 's face , and i 'm reminded of what max said ages ago , about how much worse it was dealing with two protective fathers . 
 but it disappears , and he takes a tentative step closer to nathan . 
 `` honey . 
 i want to kill him , too . 
 but let 's talk to lola first . '' 
 nathan is terrifyingly still . 
 he 's so angry that his mouth barely moves . 
 `` you . 
 out . '' 
 cricket lunges for the window . 
 andy 's eyes bulge when he sees the bridge , but all he says is , `` the front door , cricket . 
 out the front door . '' 
 cricket holds up both hands , and in the daylight , it 's the first time i see that there are still scattered shreds of blue paint on his nails . 
 `` i just want you to know that we did n't do anything but talk and sleep-sleep sleep , '' he quickly adds . 
 `` like with eyes closed and hands to oneself and dreaming . 
 innocent dreams . 
 i would never do anything behind your back . 
 i mean , never anything dishonorable . 
 i mean - '' `` cricket , '' i plead . 
 he looks at me miserably . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 and then he tears downstairs and out the front door . 
 nathan storms out of my room , and the master bedroom door slams shut . 
 andy is silent for a long time . 
 at last , he sighs . 
 `` care to explain why there was a boy in your bed this morning ? '' 
 `` we did n't do anything . 
 you have to believe me ! 
 he came over because he knew i was sad . 
 he only wanted to make sure i was okay . '' 
 `` dolores , that 's how boys take advantage of girls . 
 or other boys , '' he adds . 
 `` they attack when your guard is down , when you 're feeling vulnerable . '' 
 the implication makes me angry . 
 `` cricket would never take advantage of me . '' 
 `` he climbed into your bed fully aware that you 're hurting over someone else . '' 
 `` and we did n't do anything but talk . '' 
 andy crosses his arms . 
 `` how long has this been going on ? '' 
 i tell the truth . 
 i want him to believe me so that he 'll also believe cricket is innocent . 
 `` there was only one other time . 
 but he did n't stay the night . '' 
 he closes his eyes . 
 `` was this before or after you broke up with max ? '' 
 my head sinks into my shoulders . 
 `` before . '' 
 `` and did you tell max ? '' 
 it sinks farther . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` and that did n't make you wonder if there was something wrong with it ? '' 
 i 'm crying . 
 `` we 're friends , dad . '' 
 andy looks pained as he sits on the edge of my bed . 
 `` lola . 
 everyone and their grandmother knows that boy is in love with you . 
 you know that boy is in love with you . 
 but as wrong as it was for him to be here , it 's so much worse for you to have led him on . 
 you had a boyfriend . 
 what were you thinking ? 
 you do n't treat someone like that . 
 you should n't have treated either one of them like that . '' 
 i did n't know it was possible to feel any worse than i already did . 
 `` listen . '' 
 the look on andy 's face means he 'd rather eat glass than say what he 's about to say . 
 `` i know you 're growing up . 
 and as hard as it is , i have to accept that there are certain ... things you 're doing . 
 but you 're an intelligent young woman , and we 've had the talk , and i know-from this point on-you 'll make the right decisions . '' 
 oh god . 
 i ca n't look at him . 
 `` but you have to understand this part is difficult for us , especially for nathan . 
 norah was your age when she ran away and got pregnant . 
 but you can talk to me . 
 i want you to talk to me . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 i can barely get the word out . 
 `` and i do n't want to find a boy in your room again , you hear me ? '' 
 he waits until i nod before standing . 
 `` all right . 
 i 'll talk to nathan and see what i can do . 
 but do n't for a second think you 're getting out of this easily . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he walks to the door . 
 `` never . 
 again . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` what ... what about when i 'm married ? '' 
 `` we 'll buy a cot . 
 your husband can sleep on that when he visits . '' 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i let out a tiny snort of laughter . 
 he comes back and hugs me . 
 `` i 'm not kidding , '' he says . 
 the punishment arrives in the afternoon . 
 i 'm grounded through the end of my upcoming winter break from school . 
 another month of grounding . 
 but , honestly , i do n't even care . 
 it 's the other half of the punishment-the unspoken half-that makes me feel terrible . 
 my parents no longer trust me . 
 i have to earn it back . 
 throughout the day , i try to catch cricket at our windows , but he never goes inside his bedroom . 
 around three o'clock , i see his figure dart past his kitchen window , so i know he 's still at home . 
 why is he avoiding me ? 
 is he embarrassed ? 
 is he angry ? 
 did my parents call his parents ? 
 i 'll die if they called mr. and mrs. bell , but i ca n't ask , because if they have n't , it might give them the idea . 
 i 'm a wreck by the time cricket 's light turns on . 
 it 's just after eight . 
 i throw aside my english homework and run to my window , and he 's already at his . 
 we open them at the same time , and the misty night air explodes ... with wailing . 
 cricket is holding aleck 's daughter again . 
 `` i 'm sorry ! '' 
 he shouts . 
 `` she wo n't let me put her down ! '' 
 `` it 's okay ! '' 
 i shout back . 
 and then i realize something . 
 i slam my window shut . 
 cricket looks startled , but i hold up a finger and mouth one second . 
 i rip out a page from my spiral notebook and scribble on it with a fat purple marker . 
 i hold the message against my window . 
 my parents !!! 
 talk later ? 
 when no baby !!! 
 he looks relieved . 
 and then panicked as he slams his own window shut . 
 the next minute is rife with tension as we wait for my parents to tear into my bedroom . 
 they do n't . 
 but even with our windows closed , i hear abigail 's cries . 
 cricket bounces her on his hip , pleading with her , but her face remains contorted in misery . 
 where is aleck ? 
 or aleck 's wife ? 
 should n't they be taking care of this ? 
 calliope bursts through cricket 's door . 
 she takes abigail from him , and abigail screams harder . 
 both of the twins wince as calliope thrusts her back into cricket 's arms . 
 the baby grows quieter , but she 's still crying . 
 calliope glances in my direction . 
 she freezes , and i give a weak wave . 
 she scowls . 
 cricket sees her expression and says something that causes her to stalk away . 
 her bedroom light turns on seconds later . 
 he 's turning back toward me , still bouncing abigail , when mrs. bell enters . 
 i yank my curtains closed . 
 whatever is going on over there , i do n't want his mom to think i 'm spying on it . 
 i sit back down with my five-paragraph essay for english , but i ca n't concentrate . 
 that familiar , nauseating feeling of guilt . 
 when i saw the bells in their driveway last week , they were clearly in distress about something . 
 and i never asked cricket what it was about . 
 he was in my bedroom for an entire night , and i did n't even think to ask . 
 and he 's always concerned about what 's happening in my life . 
 i 'm so selfish . 
 a new kind of truth hits me : i 'm not worthy of him . 
 his light turns off , and the sudden darkness acts as a confirmation of my fears . 
 he 's too good for me . 
 he 's sweet and kind and honest . 
 cricket bell has integrity . 
 and i do n't deserve him . 
 but ... i want him anyway . 
 is it possible to earn someone ? 
 he does n't return for nearly two hours . 
 the moment he 's back , i raise my window again . 
 cricket raises his . 
 exhaustion has settled between his brows , and his shoulders are sagging . 
 even a lock of hair has flopped onto his forehead . 
 i 've never seen cricket 's hair fall down . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 his voice is tired . 
 he keeps it low , conscious that the parental threat has not passed . 
 `` for last night . 
 for this morning , for tonight . 
 your parents did n't come up , did they ? 
 i 'm such an id - '' `` stop , please.you do n't have to apologize . '' 
 `` i know . 
 our rule . '' 
 he 's glum . 
 `` no . 
 i mean , do n't apologize for last night . 
 or this morning . 
 i wanted you there . '' 
 he raises his head . 
 once again , the intensity of his eyes makes my heart stutter . 
 `` i-i 'm the one who 's sorry , '' i continue . 
 `` i knew something was going on with your family , and i did n't ask . 
 it did n't even cross my mind . '' 
 `` lola . '' 
 his brow deepens farther . 
 `` you 're going through a difficult time . 
 i would never expect you to be thinking about my family right now . 
 that would be crazy . '' 
 even when i 'm in the wrong , he puts me in the right . 
 i do n't deserve him . 
 i hesitate . 
 earn him . 
 `` so ... what 's going on ? 
 unless you do n't want to tell me . 
 i 'd understand . '' 
 cricket leans his elbows against his windowsill and looks into the night sky . 
 the star on his left hand has faded from washing , but it 's still there . 
 he waits so long to answer that i wonder if he heard me . 
 a foghorn bleats in the distance . 
 mist creeps into my room , carrying the scent of eucalyptus . 
 `` my brother left his wife last week . 
 aleck took abby , and they 're staying here until he figures out what to do next . 
 he 's not in great shape , so we 're kinda taking care of them both right now . '' 
 `` where 's his wife ? 
 why did he take the baby ? '' 
 `` she 's still at their apartment . 
 she 's going through ... a lifestyle crisis . '' 
 i wrap my arms around myself . 
 `` what does that mean ? 
 she 's a lesbian ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 cricket pries his eyes from the sky to glance at me , and i see that he 's uncomfortable . 
 `` she 's much younger than aleck . 
 they married , got pregnant , and now she 's rebelling against it . 
 this new life . 
 she stays out late , parties . 
 last weekend ... my brother found out that she 'd cheated on him . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 i think about max . 
 about cricket in my bedroom . 
 `` that 's awful . '' 
 he shrugs and looks away . 
 `` it 's why i finally came back . 
 you know , to help out . '' 
 `` does that mean you 're still fighting with calliope ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 cricket runs his fingers through his dark hair , and the part that had flopped down sticks back up . 
 `` sometimes she makes things so difficult , more than they have to be . 
 but i guess i 'm doing the same thing right now . '' 
 i allow the thought to hang , and my mind returns to max . 
 it fills with shameful , retired fantasies about our future . 
 `` do you think ... did aleck 's wife do that because she got married too young ? '' 
 `` no , they got married too wrong . 
 the only person in my family who thought it would last was aleck , but it was clear she was n't the one . '' 
 the one . 
 there it is again . 
 `` how did you know ? 
 that she was n't the one for him ? '' 
 now he 's staring at his hands , slowing rubbing them together . 
 `` they just did n't have that ... natural magic.you know ? 
 it never seemed easy . '' 
 my voice grows tiny . 
 `` do you think things have to be easy ? 
 for it to work ? '' 
 cricket 's head shoots up , his eyes bulging as they grasp my meaning . 
 `` no . 
 i mean , yes , but ... sometimes there are ... extenuating circumstances . 
 that prevent it from being easy . 
 for a while . 
 but then people overcome those ... circumstances ... and ... '' `` so you believe in second chances ? '' 
 i bite my lip . 
 `` second , third , fourth . 
 whatever it takes . 
 however long it takes . 
 if the person is right , '' he adds . 
 `` if the person is ... lola ? '' 
 this time , he holds my gaze . 
 `` only if the other person is cricket . '' 
 chapter twenty-eight cricket is n't the only thing i have to earn . 
 i have to earn back my parents ' trust . 
 i 'm a good daughter , i am . 
 i have plenty of faults , but i keep up with my homework , i do my chores , i rarely talk back , and i like them . 
 i 'm one of the few people my age who actually cares what her parents think . 
 so i 'm dressing like someone responsible -lrb- all black , very serious -rrb- , and i studied like crazy for my finals , and i 'm doing whatever they ask . 
 even when it 's awful . 
 like taking heavens to betsy for her late-night walk when it 's forty degrees outside , which , by the way , i have done every night this week . 
 i want my parents to remember that i 'm good , so they 'll also remember that cricket is good . 
 better than good . 
 he came over to formally apologize to them , though i do n't think it helped . 
 his name is still banned from our household . 
 even after mrs. bell told andy what was happening with aleck , and my parents were tut-tutting for the family over dinner , they skipped over cricket 's name . 
 it was , `` calliope and ... hmph . '' 
 at least mr. and mrs. bell do n't know what happened . 
 my parents did n't call them . 
 i probably have andy to thank for that , maybe even norah . 
 she 's been surprisingly cool about all of this . 
 `` give them time , '' she says . 
 `` do n't rush anything . '' 
 which is what i know i need anyway . 
 time . 
 the memory of max is still bitter and strong . 
 i did n't realize it was possible to have such an ugly breakup when you were the one who did the breaking up . 
 and i 'm pretty sure i 'm the one who did the breaking up . 
 at least , i did it first . 
 and then he did it better . 
 i feel terrible about how it ended , and i feel terrible for not being honest with him while we were together . 
 i want to apologize . 
 maybe it would get rid of these bad feelings , and i 'd be able to move on . 
 maybe then it would n't sting whenever my mind summons his name . 
 i 've left several messages on his voice mail , but he has n't called me back . 
 and he 's still gone from the city . 
 i even went to amoeba to ask johnny . 
 max 's last words haunt me . 
 am i nothing to him ? 
 already ? 
 i 'm not ready for cricket , and his hands are full anyway . 
 with aleck too depressed to give abigail his attention , she 's decided that cricket is the next best thing . 
 he 's home for winter break - we 're both on winter break-and i rarely see him without abby hanging from his arms or wrapped around his legs . 
 i recognize that feeling , that need , inside of her . 
 i wish there was someone i could hold on to . 
 lindsey helps . 
 she calls every day , and we talk about ... not max . 
 not cricket . 
 though she did guiltily announce that she 's attending the winter formal . 
 she asked charlie , and of course he said yes . 
 i 'm happy for her . 
 a person can be sad and happy at the same time . 
 i 've moved my marie antoinette dress and wig and panniers into nathan 's office , aka norah 's room . 
 i do n't like looking at them . 
 maybe i 'll finish the dress later , for halloween next year . 
 lindsey can wear it . 
 but i 'm still not going to the dance , and at least i know that was the right decision . 
 the last few weeks of school were miserable . 
 `` who died and turned you goth ? '' 
 marta sneered , turning up her nose at my all-black ensemble . 
 her friends , the trendiest clique at harvey milk memorial , joined in , and soon everyone was accusing me of being a goth , which-even though it 's not true-would have been fine . 
 except then the goth kids accused me of being a poseur . 
 `` i 'm not a goth . 
 and i 'm not in mourning , '' i insisted . 
 at least my new wardrobe helps me blend into my neighborhood . 
 in the winter , the castro turns into a sea of trendy black clothing . 
 black helps me disappear , and i do n't want to be seen right now . 
 it 's amazing how clothing affects how people see-or do n't see-you . 
 the other day i waited for the bus beside malcolm from hot cookie . 
 he 's served me dozens of rainbow mandm cookies , and we 're always debating the merits of lady gaga versus madonna , but he did n't recognize me . 
 it 's odd . 
 me , the real me , and i 'm unknown . 
 the few people who do recognize me always ask if i 'm feeling okay . 
 and it 's not that i feel great , but why does everyone assume something is wrong because i 'm not costumed ? 
 our usual bank teller went so far as to mention his concern to nathan . 
 dad came home worried , and i had to assure him , again and again , that i 'm fine . 
 i am fine . 
 i 'm not fine . 
 what am i ? 
 the blinking christmas lights and flickering menorahs in the windows of the houses , hardware store , bars and clubs and restaurants ... they seem false . 
 forced . 
 and i 'm unnaturally aggravated by the man dressed as sexy mrs. claus handing out candy canes in front of the walgreens and collecting money for charity . 
 i spend my break working at the theater-i take extra shifts to fill my spare time-and watching cricket . 
 throughout the day , i can usually spot him through one of the bells ' windows , playing with abigail . 
 abby has sandy-colored hair like her father and grandfather , but there 's something sweet and pure about her smile that reminds me of her uncle . 
 he bundles her up and takes her on walks every day . 
 sometimes , i grab a coat and run after them . 
 i 've gone with them to the park for the swings , to the library for picture books , and to spike 's for espresso -lrb- cricket and me -rrb- and an organic gingerbread man -lrb- abby -rrb- . 
 i try to be helpful . 
 i want to earn him , deserve him . 
 he always bursts into a smile when he sees me , but it 's impossible to mistake the silent examination that follows . 
 as if he 's wondering if now i 'm okay . 
 if today is the day . 
 and i can tell by his expression , always a little confused and sad , that he knows it 's not . 
 i wish he would n't look at me like that . 
 i 've become his difficult equation face again . 
 in the evenings , after abby has gone to bed , i 'll see him tinkering in his bedroom . 
 i ca n't tell what he 's making , it must be something small , but the telltale signs of mechanical bits and pieces-including objects opened and stripped for parts - remain scattered about his desk . 
 that 's making me happy . 
 christmas passes like thanksgiving , without a bang . 
 i go to work-movie theaters are always packed on christmas day - and anna and st. clair are both there . 
 they try to cheer me up by playing this game where we get a point every time someone complains about the ticket price or yells at us because a show is sold out . 
 whoever has the most points at the end of the day gets the unopened bag of gummy lychee candy st. clair found in theater twelve . 
 it 's not a great prize . 
 but it helps . 
 the managers bought santa hats for everyone to wear . 
 mine is the only one that 's hot pink . 
 i appreciate the thought , but i feel ridiculous . 
 i get yelled at the most . 
 i win the lychee candy . 
 new year 's day . 
 it 's cold , but the sun is out , so i take betsy to dolores park . 
 she 's sniffing out places on the hillside to leave her mark when i hear a tiny , `` o-la ! '' 
 it 's abby . 
 i 'm flattered she spoke my name . 
 at one and a half years old , her vocabulary is n't immense . 
 she tears toward me from the playground . 
 she 's dressed in a tiny purple tutu . 
 cricket walks in long strides behind her , hands in his pockets , smiling . 
 i get on my knees to hug abby , and she collapses into my arms , the way really little kids do . 
 `` hi , you , '' i say . 
 she lunges for the turquoise rhinestone barrette in my hair . 
 i 'd forgotten to take it out . 
 norah-norah , of all people-snapped it in at breakfast . 
 `` it 's the new year , '' she said . 
 `` sparkles wo n't kill you today . '' 
 cricket pulls off abby before she can rip out the barrette . 
 `` all right , all right . 
 abigail bell , that 's enough . '' 
 but he 's grinning at her . 
 she grins back . 
 `` you 've made quite the new best friend , '' i say . 
 his expression turns to regret . 
 `` children do have questionable taste . '' 
 i laugh . 
 it 's the first time i can remember laughing this week . 
 `` though she has great taste in hair accessories , '' he continues . 
 betsy rolls onto her stomach for him , and he scratches her belly . 
 his rainbow bracelets and rubber bands shake against her black fur . 
 the back of his entire left hand , including fingers , is crammed with mathematical symbols and calculations . 
 abby leans over hesitantly to pet my dog . 
 `` it 's nice to see you in something sparkly again , '' he adds . 
 my laughter stops , and my cheeks redden . 
 `` oh . 
 it 's stupid , i know . 
 it 's new year 's , so norah thought ... '' cricket frowns and stands back up . 
 his shadow stretches , tall and slender , out for infinity behind him . 
 `` i was being serious . 
 it 's nice to see a little bit of lola shining through . '' 
 the frown turns into a gentle smile . 
 `` it gives me hope . '' 
 and i ca n't explain it , but i 'm on verge of tears . 
 `` but i have been me . 
 i 've been trying hard to be me . 
 a better me . '' 
 he raises his eyebrows . 
 `` on what planet does lola nolan not wear ... color ? '' 
 i gesture at my outfit . 
 `` i have this in white , too , you know . '' 
 the joke falls flat . 
 he 's struggling not to say something . 
 abby bumps into his left leg and grips it with all of her might . 
 he picks her up and sets her on his hip . 
 `` just say it , '' i tell him . 
 `` whatever it is . '' 
 cricket nods slowly . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he collects his thoughts before continuing . 
 he speaks carefully . 
 `` being a good person , or a better person , or whatever it is you 're worried about and trying to fix ? 
 it should n't change who you are . 
 it means you become more like yourself . 
 but ... i do n't know this lola . '' 
 my heart stops . 
 i feel faint . 
 it 's just like what max used to say . 
 `` what ? '' 
 cricket is alarmed . 
 `` when did he say that ? '' 
 i flush again and look down at the grass . 
 i wish i did n't talk out loud when i 'm distressed . 
 `` i have n't seen him again , if that 's what you mean . 
 but he said ... before ... that because i dressed in costume , he did n't know who i really was . '' 
 cricket closes his eyes . 
 he 's shaking . 
 it takes me a moment to realize that he 's shaking with anger . 
 abby squirms in his arms . 
 it 's upsetting her . 
 `` lola , do you remember when you told me that i had a gift ? '' 
 i gulp . 
 `` yes . '' 
 his eyes open and lock on mine . 
 `` you have one , too . 
 and maybe some people think that wearing a costume means you 're trying to hide your real identity , but i think a costume is more truthful than regular clothing could ever be . 
 it actually says something about the person wearing it . 
 i knew that lola , because she expressed her desires and wishes and dreams for the entire city to see . 
 for me to see . '' 
 my heart is beating in my ears , my lungs , my throat . 
 `` i miss that lola , '' he says . 
 i take a step toward him . 
 his breath catches . 
 and then he takes a step toward me . 
 `` ohhhh , '' abby says . 
 we look down , startled to discover that she 's still on his hip , but she 's pointing into the winter-white sky . 
 san francisco 's famous flock of wild parrots bursts across dolores park in a flurry of green feathers . 
 the air is filled with beating wings and boisterous screeching , and everyone in the park stops to watch the spectacle . 
 the surprising whirl disappears over the buildings as swiftly as it arrived . 
 i turn back to abby . 
 the unexpected explosion of color and noise and beauty in her world has left her awed . 
 chapter twenty-nine it 's the sunday night before school resumes , and my parents are on a date . 
 i 'm hanging out with norah . 
 we 're watching a marathon of home decorating shows , rolling our eyes for different reasons . 
 norah thinks the redesigned houses look bourgeois and , therefore , boring . 
 i think they look boring , too , but only because each designer seems to be working from the same tired manual of modern decorating . 
 `` it 's nice to see you looking like yourself again , '' she says during a commercial break . 
 i 'm wearing a blue wig , a ruffled swiss heidi dress , and the arms from a glittery golden thrift-store sweater . 
 i 've cut them off , and i 'm using them as glittery golden leg warmers . 
 i snort . 
 `` yeah , i know how much you like the way i dress . '' 
 she keeps her eyes on the television , but that familiar norah edge returns to her voice . 
 `` it 's not how i would dress , but that does n't mean i do n't appreciate it . 
 it does n't mean i do n't like you for who you are . '' 
 i keep my eyes on the television , too , but my chest tightens . 
 `` so , '' i say a few minutes later as the show recaps what we 've already seen . 
 `` what 's happening with the apartment ? 
 has ronnie set a move-in date yet ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i 'll be gone by the end of the week . '' 
 `` oh . 
 that 's really ... soon . '' 
 she snorts . 
 her snort sounds like mine . 
 `` soon ca n't come soon enough . 
 nathan 's been suffocating me from the moment i arrived . '' 
 and there 's the ungrateful norah i know . 
 suddenly her impending departure is welcome . 
 but i only shake my head , and we watch the rest of the episode in discontented silence . 
 another commercial break begins . 
 `` do you know the secret to fortune-telling ? '' 
 she asks , out of the blue . 
 i sink into the couch cushions . 
 here we go . 
 norah turns to look at me . 
 `` the secret is that i do n't read leaves . 
 and palm readers do n't read palms , and tarot readers do n't read cards . 
 we read people . 
 a good fortune-teller reads the person sitting across from them . 
 i study the signs in their leaves , and i use them to give an interpretation of what i know that person wants to hear . '' 
 she leans in closer . 
 `` people prefer paying when they hear what they want to hear . '' 
 i cringe , sure that i do n't want to hear whatever 's coming next . 
 `` say a woman comes in , '' she continues . 
 `` no wedding ring , tight shirt , cl ** vage up to her chin . 
 asks about her future . 
 this is a woman who wants me to say that she 's about to meet someone . 
 and , usually , if the shirt is tight enough and with confidence gained from a good fortune , guess what ? 
 she 'll probably meet someone . 
 now , it may not be the right someone , but it still means her fortune came true . '' 
 my frown deepens . 
 i stare at the television screen , but the flashing commercials are making it hard to focus . 
 `` so ... when you looked at me , you saw someone who wanted arguments and confusion and partings ? 
 and you wanted it to come true ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 norah scoots even closer . 
 `` you were different . 
 i do n't have many chances to talk to you when you might actually listen to what i have to say . 
 reading your leaves was an opportunity . 
 i did n't tell you what you wanted to hear . 
 i told you what you needed to hear . '' 
 i 'm confused and hurt . 
 `` i needed to hear bad things ? '' 
 she places a hand on mine . 
 it 's bony , but somehow it 's also warm . 
 i turn to her , and her gaze is sympathetic . 
 `` your relationship with max was waning , '' she says , using her fortune-teller voice . 
 `` and i saw that you had a much more special one waiting right behind it . '' 
 `` the cherry . 
 you did know how i felt about cricket back then . '' 
 she removes her hand . 
 `` christ , the mailman knew how you felt about him . 
 and he 's a good kid , lola . 
 it was stupid of you to get caught with him in bed-you know your parents are strict as hell about that shit-but i know he 's good . 
 they 'll come around to it , too . 
 and i know you 're good . '' 
 i 'm quiet . 
 she thinks i 'm a good person . 
 `` do you know my biggest regret ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` that you turned into this bright , beautiful , fascinating person ... and i ca n't take credit for any of it . '' 
 there 's a lump in my throat . 
 norah crosses her arms and looks away . 
 `` your fathers piss me off , but they 're great parents . 
 i 'm lucky they 're yours . '' 
 `` they care about you , too , you know . 
 i care about you . '' 
 she 's silent and stiff . 
 i take a chance and , for the first time since i was a little girl , burrow into her side . 
 her hard shoulders melt against me . 
 `` come back and visit , '' i say . 
 `` once you 've moved . '' 
 the lights of the commercials flash . 
 flash . 
 flash . 
 `` okay , '' she says . 
 i 'm in my bedroom later that night when my phone rings . 
 it 's lindsey . 
 `` on second thought , '' she begins , `` maybe i should n't tell you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 her unnaturally disturbed tone gives me an instant chill . 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 a long , deep breath . 
 `` max is back . '' 
 the blood drains from my face . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 how do you know ? '' 
 `` i just saw him . 
 my mom and i were shopping in the mission , and there he was , walking down valencia . '' 
 `` did he see you ? 
 did you talk to him ? 
 what did he look like ? '' 
 `` no . 
 hell no . 
 and like he always does . '' 
 i 'm stupefied . 
 how long has he been back ? 
 why has n't he called ? 
 his continued silence means that he must have been telling the truth : i 'm nothing to him anymore . 
 lately , i 've gone several hours-once , an entire day-without thinking of him . 
 this is a fresh dig into my wounds , but somehow ... the blow is n't as crushing as i thought it would be . 
 perhaps i 'm becoming okay with being nothing to max . 
 `` can you breathe ? '' 
 lindsey asks . 
 `` are you breathing ? '' 
 `` i 'm breathing . '' 
 and i am . 
 an idea is quickly mushrooming inside of me . 
 `` listen , i have to go . 
 there 's something i need to do . '' 
 i grab a faux-fur coat and my wallet , and i 'm racing out my door when i hear a faint plink . 
 i stop . 
 plink , my window says again . 
 plink . 
 plink . 
 my heart leaps . 
 i throw open the panes , and cricket sets down his box of toothpicks . 
 he 's wearing a red scarf and some sort of blue military jacket . 
 and then i notice the leather satchel slung over his shoulder , and this blow is crushing . 
 his break is over . 
 he 's going back to berkeley . 
 his arms slacken . 
 `` you look incredible . '' 
 oh . 
 right . 
 it 's been a month since he 's seen me in anything other than black . 
 i give him a shy smile . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 cricket points at my coat . 
 `` going somewhere ? '' 
 `` yeah , i was on my way out . '' 
 `` meet me on the sidewalk first ? 
 would your parents would mind ? '' 
 `` they 're not home . '' 
 `` okay . 
 see you in a minute ? '' 
 i nod and hurry downstairs . 
 `` i 'll be back in an hour , '' i tell norah . 
 `` there 's something i have to do . 
 tonight . '' 
 she mutes the television and raises an eyebrow in my direction . 
 `` does this mysterious errand have to do with a certain guy ? '' 
 i 'm not sure which one she means , but ... either is correct . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she studies me for several excruciating seconds . 
 but then she un-mutes the television . 
 `` just get back here before your parents do . 
 i do n't wan na have to explain . '' 
 cricket is waiting at the bottom of my stairs . 
 his willowy figure looks exquisite in the moonlight . 
 our gazes are fixed on each other as i walk down the twenty-one steps to my sidewalk . 
 `` i 'm going back to school , '' he says . 
 i nod at his bag . 
 `` i guessed as much . '' 
 `` i just wanted to say goodbye . 
 before i left . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i shake my head , flustered . 
 `` i mean ... i 'm glad . 
 not that you 're going . 
 but that you found me before leaving . '' 
 he puts his hands in his pockets . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 we 're quiet for a minute . 
 once more , i smell the faintest trace of bar soap and sweet mechanical oil , and my insides nervously stir . 
 `` so ... which way ? '' 
 he gestures in both directions down the sidewalk . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i point in the opposite direction from where he 'll go to catch his train . 
 `` that way . 
 there 's , uh , some unfinished business i have to attend to . '' 
 cricket knows , from my hesitation , what i 'm talking about . 
 i 'm afraid he 'll tell me not to go-or , worse , ask to escort me-but he only pauses . 
 and then he says , `` okay . '' 
 trust . 
 `` you 'll come home soon ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the question makes him smile . 
 `` promise you wo n't forget me while i 'm gone ? '' 
 i smile back . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 and as i walk away , i realize that i have no idea how i 'll manage to stop thinking about him . 
 the dread does n't hit until i arrive at his apartment and see the familiar brown stucco walls and pink oleander bush . 
 i glance up at max 's apartment . 
 the light is on and there 's movement behind the curtain . 
 doubt creeps in like a poisonous fog . 
 was it wrong of me to come here ? 
 is it selfish for me to want to apologize if he does n't want to hear it ? 
 i climb the dark stairwell that leads to his front door . 
 i 'm relieved when he opens it , and not johnny , but my relief is shortlived . 
 max 's amber eyes glare at me , and the scent of cigarettes is strong . 
 no spearmint tonight . 
 `` i-i heard you were back . '' 
 max remains silent . 
 i force myself to hold his stony gaze . 
 `` i just i wanted to tell you that i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sorry for lying , and i 'm sorry for the way things ended . 
 i did n't treat you fairly . '' 
 nothing . 
 `` okay . 
 well . 
 that was it . 
 bye , max . '' 
 i 'm on the first step back down when he calls out , `` did you sleep with him ? '' 
 i stop . 
 `` while we were together , '' he adds . 
 i turn and look him in the eye . 
 `` no . 
 and that 's the truth . 
 we did n't even kiss . '' 
 `` are you sleeping with him now ? '' 
 i blush . 
 `` god , max . '' 
 `` are you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 and i 'm leaving now . '' 
 but i do n't move . 
 this is my last chance to know . 
 `` where have you been for the last month ? 
 i called . 
 i wanted to talk with you . '' 
 `` i was staying with a friend . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` santa monica . '' 
 something about the way he says it . 
 as if he wants me to ask . 
 `` a ... girl ? '' 
 `` a woman . 
 and i did sleep with her . '' 
 max slams his door . 
 chapter thirty max has always known what to say-and when to say it-to make it hurt the worst . 
 his words stung , but it only took a moment for me to realize why . 
 it 's not because i care that he 's been with another woman . 
 it 's because i ca n't believe that i ever loved him . 
 i viewed max in such a willfully blind way . 
 how could i have ignored his vindictive side ? 
 how could i have committed myself to someone whose knee-jerk reaction was always anger and cruelty ? 
 i apologized . 
 he reacted in his typical fashion . 
 i went to his apartment for absolution , and i got it . 
 good riddance . 
 winter break comes to an end , and with it , so does my grounding . 
 school resumes . 
 i 'm surprised when three of my classmates-three people i do n't know well-approach me the first day and say that they 're happy to see i 'm dressing like myself again . 
 it makes me feell ... gratified . 
 appreciated . 
 even lindsey sits taller and prouder , a combination of charlie and his friends -lrb- who have joined us at lunch -rrb- and seeing me colorful again . 
 it 's nice to have more people around . 
 the hard part is waiting for the weekend . 
 i miss that chance of seeing cricket at any moment . 
 the pale blue glass of my window looks dull without him on the other side . 
 friday is the longest school day in the history of time . 
 i watch the clock with eyeballs like ping-pong balls , driving lindsey crazy . 
 `` it 'll come , '' she says . 
 `` patience , ned . '' 
 but as the last bell rings , my phone does , too . 
 a text from naked tiger woman : not coming home this weekend . 
 unexpected project . 
 on the first week ! 
 this sucks . 
 my world caves in . 
 but then a second text appears : i miss you . 
 and then a third : i hope that 's ok to say now . 
 my heart is cartwheeling as i text back : miss you , too . 
 miss you even more this weekend . 
 !!!!!!!!! = chirping crickets + ringing bells we text for my entire walk home , and i 'm floating like a pink fluffy cloud . 
 i let him go so that he can work , and he protests for several texts , which makes me even happier . 
 throughout the night , my phone blinks with new messages-about his roommate dustin 's hideous friends , about being hungry , about not being able to read his own notes . 
 i fill his phone with messages about norah repacking her boxes , about andy 's seasonal clementine pie , about accidently leaving my math book in my locker . 
 in the morning , my parents are taken aback when i wake up early and materialize downstairs while they 're still eating breakfast . 
 andy examines the calendar . 
 `` i thought your shift did n't start until four . '' 
 `` i 'd like to go to berkeley . 
 just for a few hours before work . '' 
 my parents trade an unsettled glance as norah shuffles into the room behind me . 
 `` oh , for god 's sake , let her go . 
 she 'll go anyway . '' 
 they give me permission . 
 hourly phone-call check-ins , but i gladly accept . 
 i 'm bouncing out the door when a split-second decision has me returning for something tiny that i keep stashed away in my sock drawer . 
 i slip it into my purse . 
 i stop by new seoul garden , and lindsey packs a bag of takeout , which causes the entire car-on both of the trains it takes to get to berkeley - to smell . 
 whoops . 
 i decide to be brave this time and call him when i reach his dormitory gates , but someone is leaving as i 'm arriving , and it 's not necessary . 
 i pass through the landscaped courtyard and the other doors just as easily . 
 and then i 'm at his door . 
 i lift my hand to knock as a girl laughs on the other side . 
 my knuckles land against the wood in a tremble . 
 is that jessica ? 
 again ? 
 the door pops open , and ... it 's anna . 
 `` hey , space cowgirl ! '' 
 she 's already taken in the silver fringe dress and my red cowboy boots . 
 for one nightmarish second , i 'm consumed by suspicion , but the door swings back and reveals st. clair . 
 of course . 
 he and cricket are sitting against the side of cricket 's bed . 
 and then cricket bell sees me , and the atmosphere lights up . 
 my soul lights up in response . 
 `` hi . '' 
 he springs to his feet . 
 `` hi , '' he says again . 
 `` i was worried that you would n't have time to eat lunch today . '' 
 i hold up the takeout as i notice a spread of empty chinese boxes on the floor . 
 `` oh . '' 
 anna gives me a gap-toothed grin . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 he 'll eat what you 've brought , too . '' 
 `` his stomach is quite tall , '' st. clair says . 
 `` and yours is so wee , '' anna says . 
 he shoves her legs from his place on the floor , and she shoves his back . 
 they 're like puppies . 
 cricket gestures me forward with both arms . 
 `` here , come in , sit down . '' 
 i glance around . 
 every surface is covered . 
 `` uh , hold on , '' he says . 
 there 's a mound of school papers spread across the surface of his bed , which he bulldozes aside . 
 `` here . 
 sit here . '' 
 `` we should go , '' anna says . 
 `` we just stopped by to feed cricket and grill him about the olympics . 
 did you know they 're in france this year ? '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` i 'm dying for a visit . '' 
 her boyfriend bites a pinkie nail . 
 `` and i 'm trying to convince her that if calliope makes the team , we should consider it a sign and take the holiday . '' 
 i smile at anna . 
 `` lucky you . '' 
 st. clair turns toward cricket and points an accusing finger . 
 `` i 'm counting on you to ensure your sister wins at nationals next weekend , all right ? '' 
 my heart selfishly plummets . 
 next weekend . 
 more time away from cricket . 
 `` she only has to get one of the top three spots , '' cricket says . 
 `` but i 'll take out an opponent 's kneecap if i have to . '' 
 anna prods st. clair 's shoulder . 
 `` come on . 
 were n't you gon na show me that thing ? '' 
 `` what thing ? '' 
 she stares at him . 
 he stares back . 
 she cocks her head toward cricket and me . 
 `` ah , yes . '' 
 st. clair stands . 
 `` that thing . '' 
 they rush out . 
 the door shuts , and st. clair shouts , `` lola , cricket wants to show you his thing , too-oo ! '' 
 they 're laughing as their feet echo down the hall . 
 cricket hastily looks away from me and places the carton of bibimbap in his microwave . 
 `` oh . 
 i got something beef-y for you , '' i say , because he 's heating the vegetarian dish first . 
 he shrugs and smiles . 
 `` i know . 
 i saw . '' 
 i smile , too , and sit on the edge of his bed . 
 `` so all three of you are going to france , and i 'm staying here ? 
 talk about unfair . '' 
 i 'm only half kidding . 
 `` you should come . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` yeah , my parents would definitely be cool with that . '' 
 but cricket looks thoughtful . 
 `` you know , andy loves figure skating . 
 if you had a free ticket , he might bite . '' 
 `` and where , exactly , would i find a free ticket ? '' 
 he sits beside me . 
 `` courtesy of my great-great-great-grandfather alexander graham bell , the world 's richest liar ? '' 
 i stop smiling . 
 `` cricket . 
 i could never accept that . '' 
 he nudges one of my cowboy boots with one of his pointy wingtips . 
 `` think about it . '' 
 my foot tingles from the shoe-on-shoe contact . 
 i nudge his shoe back . 
 he nudges mine . 
 the microwave beeps , and he hesitates , unsure if he should get up . 
 i reach out and take his wrist , over his rubber bands and bracelets . 
 `` i 'm not that hungry , '' i say . 
 cricket looks down at my hand . 
 i slide my index finger underneath a red bracelet . 
 my finger brushes the skin of his inner wrist , and he releases a small sound . 
 his eyes close . 
 i twine my finger in and out of his bracelets , tying myself against him . 
 i close my eyes , too . 
 my finger guides us onto our backs , and we lie beside each other , quietly attached , for several minutes . 
 `` where 's dustin ? '' 
 i finally ask . 
 `` he 'll be back soon . 
 unfortunately . '' 
 i open my eyes , and he 's staring me . 
 i wonder how long his eyes have been open . 
 `` that 's okay , '' i say . 
 `` i came here to give you a late christmas present . '' 
 his eyebrows raise . 
 i smile . 
 `` not that kind of present . '' 
 i untangle my finger from his wrist and roll over to grab my purse from his floor . 
 i rummage through it until i find the tiny something taken from my sock drawer . 
 `` actually , it 's more like a late birthday present . '' 
 `` how ... belated of you ? '' 
 i roll back toward him . 
 `` hold out your hand . '' 
 he 's smiling . 
 he does . 
 `` i 'm sure you do n't remember anymore , but several birthdays ago , you needed this . '' 
 and i place a tiny wrench into his palm . 
 `` lindsey and i went everywhere to find it , but then ... i could n't give it to you . '' 
 his expression falls . 
 `` lola . '' 
 i close his fingers around the gift . 
 `` i threw away your bottle cap , because it killed me to look at . 
 but i never could throw away this . 
 i 've been waiting to give it to you for two and a half years . '' 
 `` i do n't know what to say , '' he whispers . 
 `` i 'm almost full , '' i say . 
 `` thank you for waiting for me , too . '' 
 chapter thirty-one the doorbell rings early the next saturday . 
 it wakes me from a deep slumber , but i immediately fall back asleep . 
 i 'm surprised when i 'm being shaken awake moments later . 
 `` you 're needed downstairs , '' andy says . 
 `` now . '' 
 i sit up . 
 `` norah ? 
 she was kicked out already ? '' 
 `` calliope . 
 it 's an emergency . '' 
 i tear out of bed . 
 an emergency with calliope can only mean one thing : an emergency with cricket . 
 we 've been texting , so i know he planned to come home before leaving for nationals . 
 but his light was off when i got back from work last night . 
 i could n't tell if he was there . 
 what if he tried to come home , and something happened along the way ? 
 `` oh god , oh god , oh god , oh god , oh god . '' 
 i throw on a kimono and race downstairs , where calliope is pacing our living room . 
 her normally smooth hair is unwashed and disheveled , and her complexion is puffy and red . 
 `` is he okay ? 
 what happened ? 
 where is he ? '' 
 calliope stops . 
 she cocks her head , muddled and confused . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` cricket ! '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she 's momentarily thrown . 
 `` it 's not cricket , it 's me . 
 it 's . . . 
 this . '' 
 her hands tremble as she holds out a large brown paper bag . 
 i 'm so relieved that nothing is wrong with cricket-and i 'm so upset for thinking that something was wrong-that i snatch the bag a bit too harshly . 
 i peer inside . 
 it 's filled with shredded red gauze . 
 and then i gasp with understanding . 
 `` your costume ! '' 
 calliope bursts into tears . 
 `` it 's for my long program . '' 
 i carefully remove one of the shimmering strips of torn fabric . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` abby . 
 you 'd think she was a dog , not a child . 
 when mom came down for breakfast , she discovered her playing in ... this . 
 i 'd left my costume downstairs for cleaning . 
 who would 've thought she could rip it ? '' 
 calliope 's panic grows . 
 `` i did n't even know she was strong enough . 
 and we 're leaving tomorrow ! 
 and my seamstress is out of town , and i know you ca n't stand the sight of me , but you 're my only hope . 
 can you fix it in time ? '' 
 as intriguing as it is to be her only hope , there 's no hope to be had . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say . 
 `` but i ca n't fix this period . 
 it 's ruined . '' 
 `` but you have to do something . 
 there has to be something you can do ! '' 
 i hold up a handful of shreds . 
 `` these are barely big enough to blow your nose on . 
 if i sewed them back together-even if i could , which i ca n't - it 'd look terrible.you would n't be able to compete in it . '' 
 `` why ca n't you wear one of your old costumes ? '' 
 nathan interrupts . 
 andy looks horrified . 
 `` she ca n't do that . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 nathan asks . 
 `` it 's not the outfit that wins competitions . '' 
 calliope shudders , and that 's when i remember her second-place curse . 
 she must have already been racked by nerves , and then to add this on top of it ? 
 i do feel sorry for her . 
 `` no , '' she says . 
 the word barely comes out . 
 `` i ca n't do that . '' 
 she turns to me with her entire body , an eerily familiar gesture . 
 `` please . '' 
 i feel helpless . 
 `` i 'd have to make a new one . 
 there 's no - '' `` you could make a new one ? '' 
 she asks desperately . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i say . 
 `` there 's not enough time . '' 
 `` please , '' she says . 
 `` please , lola . '' 
 i 'm feeling frantic . 
 i want her to know that i 'm a good person , that i 'm not worthless , that i deserve her brother . 
 `` okay . 
 okay , '' i repeat . 
 everyone stares at me as i stare at the tatters . 
 if only i had bigger pieces to work with . 
 these are so small that they would n't even make a full costume anymore . 
 it hits me . 
 `` about those old costumes - '' calliope moans . 
 `` no , listen , '' i say . 
 `` how many do you have ? '' 
 she gives me another familiar gesture , the parted mouth and furrowed brow . 
 the difficult equation face . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 a lot . 
 a dozen , at least . '' 
 `` bring them over . '' 
 `` they do n't all fit anymore ! 
 i ca n't wear them , i wo n't - '' `` you wo n't have to , '' i reassure her . 
 `` we 'll use the parts to make something new . '' 
 she 's on the verge of hysterics again . 
 `` you 're frankensteining me ? '' 
 but i feel calm now that i have a plan . 
 `` i wo n't frankenstein you . 
 i 'll revamp you . '' 
 she 's back in five minutes , and she returns with ... cricket . 
 their arms are piled high with stretchy fabric and sparkly beads . 
 his hair is still sleep-tousled , and he 's not wearing his bracelets . 
 his wrists look nak * d . 
 our eyes meet , and his thoughts are just as exposed : gratitude for helping his sister and the unmistakable ache of longing . 
 the ache is reciprocated . 
 i lead them upstairs to my bedroom . 
 cricket hesitates at the bottom , unsure if he 's allowed to go up . 
 andy gives him a prod on the back , and i 'm relieved . 
 `` we 'll definitely find something in all of this , '' i tell calliope . 
 she 's still on edge . 
 `` i ca n't believe my stupid niece did this to me . '' 
 my facial muscles twinge , but i 'd say the same thing if i were in her situation . 
 `` let 's spread out the costumes and see what we have . '' 
 `` spread them out where ? '' 
 i almost lose my cool , when i look at my floor and realize she has a point . 
 `` oh . 
 right . '' 
 i shove the piles of discarded shoes and clothing into corners , and andy and cricket join in . 
 nathan waits in the doorway , eyeing the situation-and cricket - warily . 
 when my floor is clear enough , we lay out her costumes . 
 everyone stares at the spread . 
 it 's a little overwhelming . 
 `` what 's your music ? '' 
 andy asks . 
 our heads snap to look at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` we need to know what she 's skating to before lo can design the right costume . 
 what 's her inspiration ? '' 
 nathan blinks . 
 i smile . 
 `` he 's right . 
 what are you skating to , calliope ? '' 
 `` it 's a selection from 1968 's romeo and juliet . '' 
 `` no idea what that sounds like . '' 
 i point her to my laptop . 
 `` download it . '' 
 `` i can do better than that . '' 
 she sits in my chair and types her own name into a search engine . 
 one of the first entries is a video from her last competition . 
 `` watch this . '' 
 we gather around my computer . 
 her music is haunting and romantic . 
 fraught with drama and strung with tension , it collapses into sorrow , and ends with a powerful crescendo into redemption . 
 it 's beautiful . 
 calliope is beautiful . 
 it 's been a while since i 've seen her perform , and i had no idea what she 'd become . 
 or i 'd forgotten . 
 or i 'd forced myself to forget . 
 calliope moves with passion , grace , and confidence . 
 she 's a prima ballerina . 
 and it 's not only the way she skates-it 's the expressions on her face , which she carries into her arms , hands , fingers . 
 she acts every emotion of the music . 
 she feels every emotion of the music . 
 no wonder cricket believes in his sister . 
 no wonder he 's sacrificed so much of his own life to see her succeed . 
 she 's extraordinary . 
 the clip ends , and everyone is silent . 
 even nathan is awed . 
 and i 'm filled with the overwhelming sensation of calliope 's presence-this power , this beauty-in the room . 
 and then ... i 'm aware of another presence . 
 cricket stands behind me . 
 the faintest touch of a finger against the back of my silk kimono . 
 i close my eyes . 
 i understand his compulsion , his need to touch . 
 as my parents burst into congratulating calliope , i slide one hand behind my back . 
 i feel him jerk away in surprise , but i find his hand , and i take it into mine . 
 and i stroke the tender skin down the center of his palm . 
 just once . 
 he does n't make a sound . 
 but he is still , so still . 
 i let go , and suddenly my hand is in his . 
 he repeats the action back . 
 one finger , slowly , down the center of my palm . 
 i can not stay silent . 
 i gasp . 
 it 's the same moment mrs. bell explodes into my bedroom , and , thankfully , everyone turns to her and not me . 
 everyone except for cricket . 
 the weight of his stare against my body is heavy and intense . 
 `` what 's the progress ? '' 
 mrs. bell asks . 
 calliope sighs . 
 `` we 're just getting started . '' 
 i spring forward , trying to shake away what has to be the most inappropriate feeling in the world to have when three out of our four parents are present . 
 `` hi , mrs. bell , '' i say . 
 `` it 's good to see you again . '' 
 she tucks her cropped hair behind her ears and launches into a heated discussion with calliope . 
 it 's like i do n't even exist , and i 'm embarrassed that this hurts . 
 i want her to like me . 
 cricket speaks for the first time since entering our house . 
 `` mom , is n't it great that lola is helping us ? '' 
 his fingers grasp at his wrists for rubber bands that are n't there . 
 mrs. bell looks up , startled at his awkward intrusion , and then scrutinizes me with a severe eye . 
 i make her uncomfortable . 
 she knows how i feel about her son , or how he feels about me . 
 or both . 
 i wish i were wearing something respectable . 
 my justrolled-out-of-bed look makes me feel trashy . 
 this is not how i would choose to represent myself to her . 
 mrs. bell nods . 
 `` it is . 
 thank you . '' 
 and she turns back to calliope . 
 cricket glances at me in shame , but i give him an encouraging smile . 
 okay , so we need to work on our parents . 
 we 'll get there . 
 i turn around to grab a notebook , and that 's when i catch nathan and andy exchanging a private look . 
 i 'm not sure what it means , but , perhaps , it holds some remorse . 
 i feel a surge of hope . 
 strength . 
 i step forward to work , and things become crazy . 
 everyone has an opinion , and mrs. bell 's turns out to be even stronger than her daughter 's . 
 the next half hour is hectic as arguments are had , fabric is trod upon , and garments are ripped . 
 i 'm trying to measure calliope when andy bumps into me , and i crunch against the sharp edge of my desk . 
 `` out , '' i say . 
 `` everybody out ! '' 
 they freeze . 
 `` i 'm serious , everyone except calliope . 
 i ca n't work like this . '' 
 `` go , '' calliope says , and they scatter away . 
 but cricket lingers behind . 
 i give him a coquettish smile . 
 `` you , too . '' 
 his smile back is dazed . 
 nathan clears his throat from the hallway . 
 `` technically , you are n't even allowed in my daughter 's room . '' 
 `` sorry , sir . '' 
 cricket tucks his hands in his pockets . 
 `` call me if you need anything . '' 
 he glances at calliope , but his eyes return to mine . 
 `` if either of you need anything . '' 
 he leaves , and i 'm grinning all the way down to my glittery toenail polish as i resume taking her measurements . 
 she picks up an eyelash curler from my desktop and taps it against her hand . 
 `` why is n't my brother allowed in your room ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 um , i 'm not allowed to have any guys in here . '' 
 `` please . 
 did nathan catch you doing something ? 
 no . 
 yuck . 
 do n't tell me . '' 
 i yank the measuring tape around her waist a little too hard . 
 `` ow . '' 
 i do n't apologize . 
 i finish my work in silence . 
 calliope clears her throat as i write down the remaining measurements . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she says . 
 `` it 's nice of you to do this for me . 
 i know i do n't deserve it . '' 
 i stop mid-scratch . 
 she slams down my eyelash curler . 
 `` you were right . 
 i thought he knew , but he did n't . '' 
 i 'm confused . 
 `` knew what ? '' 
 `` that he 's important to our family . '' 
 she crosses her arms . 
 `` when cricket was accepted into berkeley , that was when i decided to return to my old coach . 
 i wanted to move back here so that i could stay close to him . 
 our parents did , too . '' 
 it looks like calliope has more to say , so i wait for her to continue . 
 she lowers herself into my desk chair . 
 `` listen , it 's not a secret that i 've made my family 's life difficult . 
 there are things that cricket has n't had or experienced because of me . 
 and i have n't had them either , and i 've hated it , but it was my choice . 
 he did n't have a choice . 
 and he 's accepted everything with this ... exuberance and good nature . 
 it would 've been impossible for our family to hold it together if we did n't have cricket doing the hardest part . 
 keeping us happy . '' 
 she raises her eyes to meet mine . 
 `` i want you to know that i feel terrible about what i 've done to my brother . '' 
 `` calliope ... i do n't think ... cricket does n't feel that way . 
 you know he does n't . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 her voice catches . 
 `` how can you be sure ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 he loves you . 
 he 's proud of you . '' 
 she 's silent for a minute . 
 seeing such a strong person struggle to hold it together is heartbreaking . 
 `` my family should tell him more often how remarkable he is . '' 
 `` yes , he is . 
 and , yes , you should . '' 
 `` he thinks you are , too . 
 he always has . '' 
 calliope looks at me again . 
 `` i 'm sorry i 've held that against you . '' 
 and i 'm too astonished by this admission to reply . 
 she rests her hand on the ruffled costume beside her . 
 `` just answer this one question . 
 my brother never got over you . 
 did you ever get over him ? '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` there are some people in life that you ca n't get over . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 calliope stands and gives me a grim smile . 
 `` but break cricket 's heart ? 
 i 'll break your face . '' 
 we work together for a half hour , picking out pieces , throwing ideas back and forth . 
 she knows what she wants , but i 'm pleased to discover that she respects my opinion . 
 we settle on a design using only her black costumes , and she collects the others to take home . 
 `` so where 's your dress ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i have no idea what she 's talking about . 
 `` what dress ? '' 
 `` the marie antoinette dress . 
 i saw your binder . '' 
 `` you what ? '' 
 `` cricket was carrying it around at one of my competitions , practically fondling the damn thing . 
 i teased him mercilessly , of course , but ... it was interesting . 
 you put a lot of work into those pages . 
 he said you 'd put a lot of work into the real thing , too . '' 
 she looks around my room . 
 `` i did n't think it was possible to hide a giant-ass ball gown , but apparently i was wrong . '' 
 `` oh . 
 uh , it 's not in here . 
 i stopped working on it . 
 i 'm not going to the dance . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why?you 've been working on it for a half a year . '' 
 `` yeah , but ... it 's lame , right ? 
 to show up alone ? '' 
 she looks at me like i 'm an idiot . 
 `` so show up with my brother . '' 
 i 'm thrilled by her suggestion-permission ! 
 - but i 've already considered it . 
 `` the dance is next weekend . 
 he 'll still be on the other side of the country for nationals . '' 
 nationals are a full week . 
 practice sessions , acclimation to the ice and rink , interviews with the media , two programs , plus an additional exhibition if she medals . 
 cricket will be staying with her the entire time for support . 
 `` oh , '' she says . 
 `` besides , it 's stupid anyway . '' 
 i stare at the notes for her costume , and i tug on a strand of hair . 
 `` you know , big dance . 
 big dress . 
 what 's the point ? '' 
 `` lola . '' 
 her tone is flat . 
 `` it 's not stupid to want to go to a dance . 
 it 's not stupid to want to put on a pretty dress and feel beautiful for a night . 
 and you do n't need a date for that . '' 
 i 'm quiet . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` if you do n't go , then you are stupid . 
 and you do n't deserve my brother . '' 
 chapter thirty-two i work all day and night on calliope 's costume-seamripping the old ones , stitching new pieces together , adding flourishes from my own stashes - only stopping for a quick break at my window around midnight . 
 cricket joins me . 
 he leans forward , elbows resting against his windowsill . 
 the position looks remarkably insectlike with his long arms and long fingers . 
 it 's cute . 
 very cute . 
 `` thank you for helping my sister , '' he says . 
 i lean forward , mimicking his position . 
 `` i 'm happy to . '' 
 calliope leans out her window . 
 `` stop flirting and get back to work . '' 
 so much for my break . 
 `` hey , cal , '' he calls . 
 she looks over as he removes a green rubber band from his wrist and shoots it at her head . 
 it hits her nose with a tight snap and falls between our houses . 
 `` really mature . '' 
 she slams her window shut . 
 he grins at me . 
 `` that never gets old . '' 
 `` i knew you wore those for a reason . '' 
 `` what color would you like ? '' 
 i grin back . 
 `` blue . 
 but try not to aim for my face . '' 
 `` i would never . '' 
 and he swiftly flicks one into the space beside me . 
 it lands on my rug , and i slide it onto my wrist . 
 `` you 're good with your fingers . '' 
 and i give him a pointed look that means , i am not talking about rubber bands . 
 his elbows slide out from underneath him . 
 `` good night , cricket bell . '' 
 i close my curtains , smiling . 
 `` good night , lola nolan , '' he calls out . 
 the rubber band is still warm from his skin . 
 i work for the rest of the night , finishing the costume as the moon is setting . 
 i collapse into bed and fall asleep with my other hand clasped around the blue rubber band . 
 and i dream about blue eyes and blue nails and first-kiss lips dusted with blue sugar crystals . 
 `` where is it ? '' 
 `` mmph ?! '' 
 i wake up to the frightening vision of calliope and her mother hovering above my bed . 
 people have got to stop doing this to me . 
 `` did you finish ? 
 where is it ? '' 
 calliope asks again . 
 i glance at my clock . 
 i 've only been asleep for two hours . 
 i roll out of bed and onto my floor . 
 `` iss in my closet , '' i mumble , crawling for the closet door . 
 `` needed to hang it up pretty . '' 
 mrs. bell reaches the closet first . 
 she throws open the door and gasps . 
 `` what ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 calliope asks . 
 mrs. bell takes it out and holds it up for her to see . 
 `` oh , lola . 
 it 's gorgeous . '' 
 calliope grabs it from the hanger and strips down in that way only beautiful , athletic girls can do-without shame and with a crowd . 
 i look away , embarrassed . 
 `` ohhh , '' she says . 
 i look back over . 
 she 's standing before my full-length mirror . 
 the black costume has long , slender , gossamer sleeves - delicate and shimmering and seductive-but they 're almost more like fingerless evening gloves , because they stop at the top of her arms , allowing for an elegant showing of shoulder skin . 
 the body has a skirt to echo this feeling , but the top ends in a halter , and i added a thin layer to peek out from underneath , so it 's multistrapped and sequined and sexy . 
 the overall effect is romantic but ... daring . 
 calliope is in awe . 
 `` i was afraid you 'd give me something crazy , something lola . 
 but this is me . 
 this is my song , this is my program . '' 
 and even with the insult thrown in , i glow with happiness . 
 `` it 's better than your original , '' mrs. bell says to calliope . 
 `` you really think ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes , '' they both say . 
 i pick myself up from the floor and inspect the costume . 
 `` it could use some altering , here and here '' - i point to two loose places - `` but ... yeah . 
 this should work . '' 
 mrs. bell smiles , warm and relieved . 
 `` you have a special talent , lola . 
 thank you . '' 
 she likes me ! 
 or at least my sewing skills , but i 'll take it . 
 for now . 
 there 's a knock on my door , and i let in my parents . 
 they ooh and aah , and calliope and i are both beaming . 
 i mark the costume for quick alterations , which i can do in an hour . 
 which i have to do in an hour , because that 's when they leave for the airport . 
 i shoo everyone away , and as i 'm stitching , i glance again and again at cricket 's window . 
 he 's not there . 
 i pray to an invisible moon that i 'll see him before he leaves . 
 sixty-five minutes later , i run into the bells ' driveway . 
 calliope and her parents are loading the last suitcases . 
 aleck is there with abby on his hip . 
 he looks as sleep-deprived as i feel , but he jokingly offers out abby 's hand to hold the new costume . 
 calliope does not find the joke funny . 
 aleck and abby are staying while everyone else goes . 
 the time alone will hopefully force him back into motion , but andy and i have secret plans to check up on them . 
 just in case . 
 i 'm opening my mouth to ask about cricket , when he races from the house . 
 `` i 'm here , i 'm here ! '' 
 he comes to an abrupt halt six inches from me , when he finally notices there 's someone else in the driveway . 
 i look up . 
 and up again , until i meet his gaze . 
 `` get in the car , '' calliope says . 
 `` we 're leaving . 
 now . '' 
 `` you 're still wearing the rubber band , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm still wearing everything you last saw me in . '' 
 and then i want to kick myself , because i do n't want it to sound like i forgot i was wearing it . 
 i am `` cricket . '' 
 this time , mr. bell . 
 i 'm filled with a hundred things i want to say to cricket , but i 'm conscious of his entire family watching us . 
 so is he . 
 `` um , see you next week ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` good luck . 
 to your sister . 
 and you . 
 for ... whatever . '' 
 `` cricket ! '' 
 everyone in the car . 
 `` bye , '' we blurt . 
 he 's climbing in when aleck leans down and whispers something in his ear . 
 cricket glances at me and turns red . 
 aleck laughs . 
 cricket slams his car door , and mr. bell is already pulling away . 
 i wave . 
 cricket holds up his hand in goodbye until the car turns the corner and out of sight . 
 `` so . '' 
 aleck ducks his head out of reach from abby 's grabbing hands . 
 `` you and my brother , huh ? '' 
 my cheeks flame . 
 `` what did you say to him ? '' 
 `` i told him your loins were clearly burning , and he should man up and make a move . '' 
 `` you did not ! '' 
 `` i did . 
 and if he does n't , then i suggest you jump his bones . 
 my brother , in case you have n't noticed , is kind of an idiot about these things . '' 
 cricket has left a new message for me in his window . 
 it 's written in his usual black marker but with one addition-a crayon rubbing of my name , imprinted from the sidewalk corners on dolores street . 
 the sign reads : go to the dance dolores i am going to the dance . 
 `` i heard about calliope , '' norah says on friday night . 
 `` sixth place ? '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` yep . '' 
 in her post-short-program interview , calliope was quiet but poised . 
 a professional . 
 `` i 'm disappointed , '' she said , `` but i 'm grateful to have another chance . '' 
 `` that 's a shame , '' norah says . 
 `` it 's not over yet . '' 
 my voice is sharp . 
 `` she still has a shot . '' 
 norah gives me a wary look . 
 `` you think i do n't know that ? 
 nothing is ever over . '' 
 my family , lindsey , and i are gathered around the television . 
 everyone is working on my marie antoinette gown . 
 the last few decorative details are all that remain , and i appreciate the help as we wait for calliope 's long program to begin . 
 the ladies ' short program was two nights ago . 
 we saw the end from the beginning , in the moment the camera cut to calliope 's first position . 
 it was in her eyes and underneath her smile . 
 fear . 
 the music started , and it was clear that something was wrong . 
 it happened so quickly . 
 her most difficult sequences were in the beginning-they usually are , so that a skater has full strength to perform them - and the commentators were in a tizzy over her triple jump , which she had n't been landing in practice . 
 calliope landed it , but she fell on the combination . 
 the expression on her face-only for a moment , she picked herself up instantly-was terrible . 
 the commentators made pitying noises as she bravely skated to the other end of the rink , but our living room was silent . 
 an entire season 's worth of training . 
 for nothing . 
 and then she fell again . 
 `` it 's not all about talent , '' the male commentator said . 
 `` it 's also about your head . 
 she 's not been able to do what people have expected of her , and it 's taken its toll . '' 
 `` there 's no greater burden than potential , '' the female commenter added . 
 but as if calliope heard them , as if she said enough , determination grew in every twist of her muscles , every push of her skates . 
 she nailed an extra jump and earned additional points . 
 her last two-thirds were solid . 
 it 's not impossible for her to make the olympic team , but she 'll need a flawless long program tonight . 
 `` i ca n't watch . '' 
 andy sets down his corner of my marie antoinette dress . 
 `` what if she does n't medal ? 
 in lola 's costume ? '' 
 this has been bothering me , too , but i do n't want to make andy even more nervous , so i give him a shrug . 
 `` then it wo n't be my fault . 
 i only made the outfit . 
 she 's the one who has to skate in it . '' 
 the rest of us abandon my dress as the camera cuts to her coach petro petrov , an older gentleman with white hair and a grizzled face . 
 he 's talking with her at the edge of the rink . 
 she 's nodding and nodding and nodding . 
 the cameraman ca n't get a good shot of her face , but ... her costume looks great . 
 i 'm on tv ! 
 sort of ! 
 `` you made that in one day ? '' 
 norah asks . 
 nathan leans over and squeezes my arm . 
 `` it 's phenomenal . 
 i 'm so proud of you . '' 
 lindsey grins . 
 `` maybe you should have made my dress . '' 
 we went shopping earlier this week for the dance . 
 i 'm the one who found her dress . 
 it 's simple-a flattering cut for her petite figure-and it 's the same shade of red as her chuck taylors . 
 she and charlie have decided to wear their matching shoes . 
 `` you 're going to the dance ? '' 
 norah is surprised . 
 `` i thought you did n't date . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' lindsey says . 
 `` charlie is merely a friend . '' 
 `` a cute friend , '' i say . 
 `` whom she hangs out with on a regular basis . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` we 're keeping things casual . 
 my educational agenda comes first . '' 
 the commentators begin rehashing calliope 's journey . 
 about how it 's a shame someone with such natural talent always chokes . 
 they criticize her constant switching of coaches and make a bold statement about a misguided strive for perfection . 
 we boo the television . 
 i feel sadness for her again , for having to live with such constant criticism . 
 but also admiration , for continuing to strive . 
 no wonder she 's built such a hard shell . 
 i 'm yearning for the network to show her family , which they did n't do at all during the short program . 
 should n't a twin be notable ? 
 i called him yesterday , because he 's still too shy to call me . 
 he was understandably stressed , but i got him laughing . 
 and then he was the one who encouraged me to invite norah today . 
 `` she 's family , '' he said . 
 `` you should show encouragement whenever you can . 
 people try harder when they know that someone cares about them . '' 
 `` cricket bell . '' 
 i smiled into my phone . 
 `` how did you get so wise ? '' 
 he laughed again . 
 `` many , many hours of familial observation . '' 
 as if the cameramen heard me ... him . 
 it 's him ! 
 cricket is wearing a gray woolen coat with a striped scarf wrapped loosely around his neck . 
 his hair is dusted with snow and his cheeks are pink ; he must have just arrived at the arena . 
 he is winter personified . 
 he 's the most beautiful thing i 've ever seen . 
 the camera cuts to calliope , and i have to bite my tongue to keep from shouting at the television to go back to cricket . 
 petro takes ones of calliope 's clenched hands , shakes it gently , and then she glides onto the ice to the roar of thousands of spectators , cheering and waving banners . 
 everyone in my living room holds their breath as we wait for the first clear shot of her expression . 
 `` and would you look at that , '' the male commentator says . 
 `` calliope bell is here to fight ! '' 
 it 's in the fierceness of her eyes and the strength of her posture as she waits for her music to begin . 
 her skin is pale , her lips are red , and her dark hair is pulled into a sleek twist . 
 she 's stunning and ferocious . 
 the music starts , and she melts into the romance of it , and she is the song . 
 calliope is juliet . 
 `` opening with a triple lutz/double toe , '' the female says . 
 `` she fell on this at world 's last year ... '' she lands it . 
 `` and the triple salchow ... watch how she leans , let 's see if she can get enough height to finish the rotation ... '' she lands it . 
 the commentators drift into a mesmerized hush . 
 calliope is n't just landing the jumps , she 's performing them . 
 her body ripples with intensity and emotion . 
 i imagine young girls across america dreaming of becoming her someday like i once did . 
 a gorgeous spiral sequence leads into a dazzling combination spin . 
 and soon calliope is punching her arms in triumph , and it 's over . 
 a flawless long program . 
 the camera pans across the celebrating crowd . 
 it cuts to her family . 
 the bell parents are hugging and laughing and crying . 
 and beside them , calliope 's crazy-haired twin is whooping at the top of his lungs . 
 my heart sings . 
 the camera returns to calliope , who hollers and fist-pumps the air . 
 no ! 
 go back to her brother ! 
 the commentators laugh . 
 `` exquisite , '' the man says . 
 `` her positions , her extensions . 
 there 's no one like calliope bell when she 's on fire . '' 
 `` yes , but will this be enough to overcome her disastrous short program ? '' 
 `` well , the curse remains , '' he replies . 
 `` she could n't pull off two clean programs , but talk about redemption . 
 calliope can hold her head high . 
 this was the best performance of her career . '' 
 she puts on her skate guards and walks to the kiss-and-cry , the appropriately nicknamed area where scores are announced . 
 people are throwing flowers and teddy bears , and she high-fives several people 's hands . 
 petro puts his arm around her shoulders , and they laugh happily and nervously as they wait for her scores . 
 they 're announced , and calliope 's eyes grow as large as saucers . 
 calliope bell is in second place . 
 and she 's ecstatic to be there . 
 chapter thirty-three the wig comes on , and i 'm ... almost happy . 
 there 's something wrong with my reflection . 
 it 's not my costume , which would make marie antoinette proud . 
 the pale blue gown is girly and outrageous and gigantic . 
 there are skirts and overskirts , ribbons and trim , beads and lace . 
 the bodice is lovely , and the stays fit snugly underneath , giving me a flattering figure-the correct body parts are either more slender or more round . 
 my neck is draped in a crystalline necklace like diamonds , and my ears in shimmery earrings like chandeliers . 
 i sparkle with reflected light . 
 is it the makeup ? 
 i 'm wearing white face powder , red blush , and clear red lip gloss . 
 marie antoinette did n't have mascara , so i felt compelled to cheat there . 
 i 've brushed on quite a bit over a pair of false eyelashes . 
 my gaze travels upward . 
 the white wig towers at two feet tall , and it 's adorned with blue ribbons and pink roses and pink feathers and a single blue songbird . 
 it 's beautiful . 
 a work of art . 
 i spent a really long time making it . 
 and ... it 's not right . 
 `` i do n't see me , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm gone . '' 
 andy is unlacing my buckled platform combat boots , preparing to help me step inside of them . 
 he gestures in a wide circle . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 all i can see is you . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` there 's too much marie , not enough lola . '' 
 his brow furrows . 
 `` i thought that was the point . '' 
 `` i thought so , too , but ... i 'm lost . 
 i 'm hidden . 
 i look like a halloween costume . '' 
 `` when do n't you look like a halloween costume ? '' 
 `` dad ! 
 i 'm serious . '' 
 my panic rapidly intensifies . 
 `` i ca n't go to the dance like this , it 's too much . 
 way too much . '' 
 `` honey , '' he shouts to nathan . 
 `` you 'd better get in here . 
 lola is using new words . '' 
 nathan appears in my doorway , and he grins when he sees me . 
 `` our daughter said '' - andy pauses for dramatic effect - `` it 's too much . '' 
 they burst into laughter . 
 `` it 's not funny . '' 
 and then i gasp . 
 my stays crush my rib cage , making the outburst labored and painful . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 nathan is suddenly beside me , his hand on my back . 
 `` breathe . 
 breathe . '' 
 i was already nervous about going to the dance and seeing my classmates . 
 at least i wo n't be alone-i 'm meeting lindsey and charlie there - but i ca n't go like this . 
 it 'd be humiliating . 
 i need lindsey here ; she 'd take control . 
 but she 's in the middle of a murder-mystery dinner party , and charlie has wagered a month of school lunches that he 'll solve the mystery before she does . 
 it 's important to lindsey that she wins . 
 `` phone , '' i pant . 
 `` give me my phone . '' 
 andy hands it to me , and i dial cricket instead . 
 i 'm sent directly to his voice mail , like i have been all afternoon . 
 he called this morning to make sure i was going to the dance , but we have n't talked since . 
 i keep fantasizing that we ca n't get in touch because he 's on an airplane , planning to surprise me by magically appearing at my school during the first slow song , but it 's most likely a snowstorm wreaking havoc with his connection . 
 tonight is the exhibition of champions , and calliope is performing in it . 
 he has to be there . 
 but tomorrow ... he 'll be home . 
 the thought temporarily calms me . 
 and then i see my reflection again , and i realize that tomorrow helps nothing about tonight . 
 `` o-kaaaay . '' 
 andy pries the phone from my death grip . 
 `` we need a plan . '' 
 `` i have a plan . '' 
 i tear at the pins holding the wig to my head . 
 `` i 'll take it apart . 
 i 'll do a modern reinterpretation of it in my own hair . '' 
 i 'm flinging the pins to the floor like darts , and my parents step back nervously . 
 `` that sounds ... '' nathan says . 
 `` complicated , '' andy says . 
 i rip off the wig and throw it onto my desk . 
 `` are you sure you want to - '' nathan 's words die as i wrench the pink roses from the wig . 
 half of them tear , and andy clamps a hand over his mouth . 
 the songbird is yanked off next . 
 `` it 's fine , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll put them in my own hair , it 'll be fine . '' 
 i push the rest of the wig to the floor , look up , and cry out . 
 my hair is matted and tangled , bushy and flattened . 
 it 's every bad thing that can happen to someone 's head , all at once . 
 andy gingerly removes another stray pin as i try to tug a brush through the disaster . 
 `` careful ! '' 
 he says . 
 `` i 'm being careful . '' 
 the brush snags in my hair , and i explode into tears . 
 andy spins around to nathan . 
 `` who do we call ? 
 who do we know who does hair ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! '' 
 nathan looks blindsided . 
 `` that queen with the big order last week ? '' 
 `` no , she 'd be working . 
 what about luis ? '' 
 `` you hate luis . 
 what about - '' `` i 'll wear the wig ! 
 i 'll just wear the wig , forget it ! '' 
 i feel my black mascara trailing through my white face powder as i trip backward , and my right foot lands on the wig . 
 the chicken wire structure underneath it smashes flat . 
 my parents gasp . 
 and the last remaining vision i had of entering my winter formal as marie antoinette disappears . 
 i pull at my stays , forcing room to get air inside my chest . 
 `` it 's over . '' 
 there 's a thud beside my window as someone drops into the room . 
 `` only the wig is over . '' 
 i lunge toward him instinctively , but my dress is so heavy that i crumple face-first into my rug . 
 my gown falls around me like a deflated accordion . 
 i did n't realize it was possible to die of embarrassment . 
 but i think it might actually happen . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 are you hurt ? '' 
 cricket drops to his knees . 
 his grip is strong as he helps me sit up . 
 i want to collapse into his arms , but he carefully lets go of me . 
 `` what ... what are you ... ? '' 
 `` i left nationals early . 
 i know how important the dance is to you , and i wanted to surprise you . 
 i did n't want you to have to walk in alone . 
 not that you could n't handle it , '' he adds . 
 which is gracious of him , considering my current status . 
 `` but i wanted to be there , too . 
 for your big entrance . '' 
 i 'm wiping rug burn and mascara from my cheeks . 
 `` my big entrance . '' 
 my parents are frozen dumbstruck by the sudden appearance . 
 cricket turns to them apologetically . 
 `` i would have used the front door , but i did n't think you 'd hear me . 
 and the window was open . '' 
 `` you 've always been ... full of surprises , '' andy says . 
 cricket smiles at him before swiveling back around to me . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's get you ready for the dance . '' 
 i turn my head . 
 `` i 'm not going . '' 
 `` you have to go . '' 
 he nudges my elbow . 
 `` i came back so that i could take you , remember ? '' 
 i ca n't meet his eyes . 
 `` i look stupid . '' 
 `` hey . 
 no , '' he says softly . 
 `` you look beautiful . '' 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 i lift my gaze , but i have to bite my lip for a moment to keep it from quivering . 
 `` i have mascara clown face . 
 my hair screams child - eating storybook witch . '' 
 cricket looks amused . 
 `` i 'm not lying . 
 but ... we should clean you up , '' he adds . 
 he takes my arms and begins to help me stand . 
 nathan steps forward , but andy grabs one of his shoulders . 
 my parents watch cricket rearrange the skirt of my dress to get me safely to my feet . 
 he leads me to the bathroom attached to my bedroom . 
 nathan and andy follow at a careful distance . 
 cricket turns on the sink 's tap and searches the bottles and tubes on my countertop until he finds what he 's looking for . 
 `` aha ! '' 
 it 's makeup remover . 
 `` calliope uses the same kind , '' he explains . 
 `` she 's been known to need this after particularly brutal performances . 
 for the , uh , '' - he gestures in a general way toward my face - `` same reason . '' 
 `` oh god . '' 
 i blink at the mirror . 
 `` it looks like i 've been vomited on by an inkwell . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` a little bit . 
 come on , the water is warm . '' 
 we scoot around awkwardly until i 'm positioned in front of the sink , and then he drapes a towel over the front of my dress . 
 i - very difficultly-lean over . 
 his fingers slide through my hair and hold it back while i scrub . 
 his physical presence against me is soothing . 
 the face powder , mascara , false eyelashes , and blush disappear . 
 i dry my face , and my eyes find his in the mirror . 
 my skin is bare and pink . 
 he stares back with unguarded desire . 
 nathan clears his throat from the doorway , and we startle . 
 `` so what are we going to do about your hair ? '' 
 he asks . 
 my heart falls . 
 `` i guess i 'll wear a different wig . 
 something simple . '' 
 `` maybe ... maybe i can help , '' cricket says . 
 `` i do have some experience . 
 with hair . '' 
 i frown . 
 `` cricket . 
 you 've had that same hair your entire life . 
 do n't tell me you style it that way yourself . '' 
 `` no , but ... '' he rubs the back of his neck . 
 `` sometimes i help call with hers before competitions . '' 
 my eyebrows raise . 
 `` if you 'd asked me yesterday , i would have said it was a seriously embarrassing skill for a straight guy . '' 
 `` you 're the best , '' i say . 
 `` only you would think that . '' 
 but he looks pleased . 
 it 's in this moment that i finally register what he 's wearing . 
 it 's a handsome skinny black suit with a shiny sheen . 
 the pants are too short-on purpose , of course-exposing his usual pointy shoes and a pair of pale blue socks that match my dress exactly . 
 and i totally want to jump him . 
 `` tick tock , '' nathan says . 
 i scooch past cricket , back into my bedroom . 
 he gestures to my desk chair , so i lift my skirts up and around the back , and i find a way to sit down . 
 and then he finger-combs my hair . 
 his hands are gentle and quick , the movements smooth and assured . 
 i close my eyes . 
 the room is silent as his fingertips untangle the strands from roots to tips and run loose throughout my hair . 
 i lean back into him . 
 it feels like my entire body is blossoming . 
 he leans over and whispers in my ear , `` they 've gone . '' 
 i look up , and , sure enough , my parents have left the door ajar . 
 but they 're gone . 
 we smile . 
 cricket resumes his work , and i nestle into his hands . 
 my eyes close again . 
 after a few minutes , he clears his throat . 
 `` i , um , have something to tell you . '' 
 my eyes remain shut , but my eyebrows lift in curiosity . 
 `` what kind of something ? '' 
 `` a story , '' he says . 
 his words become dreamlike , almost hypnotic , as if he 's told this to himself a hundred times before . 
 `` once upon a time , there was a girl who talked to the moon . 
 and she was mysterious and she was perfect , in that way that girls who talk to moons are . 
 in the house next door , there lived a boy . 
 and the boy watched the girl grow more and more perfect , more and more beautiful with each passing year . 
 he watched her watch the moon . 
 and he began to wonder if the moon would help him unravel the mystery of the beautiful girl . 
 so the boy looked into the sky . 
 `` but he could n't concentrate on the moon . 
 he was too distracted by the stars . '' 
 i hear cricket remove a rubber band from his wrist , which he uses to hold a twist of my hair . 
 `` go on , '' i say . 
 i hear the smile in his voice . 
 `` and it did n't matter how many songs or poems had already been written about them , because whenever he thought about the girl , the stars shone brighter . 
 as if she were the one keeping them illuminated . 
 `` one day , the boy had to move away . 
 he could n't bring the girl with him , so he brought the stars . 
 when he 'd look out his window at night , he would start with one . 
 one star . 
 and the boy would make a wish on it , and the wish would be her name . 
 `` at the sound of her name , a second star would appear . 
 and then he 'd wish her name again , and the stars would double into four . 
 and four became eight , and eight became sixteen , and so on , in the greatest mathematical equation the universe had ever seen . 
 and by the time an hour had passed , the sky would be filled with so many stars that it would wake his neighbors . 
 people wondered who 'd turned on the floodlights . 
 `` the boy did . 
 by thinking about the girl . '' 
 my eyes open , and my heart is in my throat . 
 `` cricket ... i 'm not that . '' 
 he stops pinning my hair . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you 've built up this idea about me , this ideal , but i 'm not that person . 
 i 'm not perfect . 
 i am far from perfect . 
 i 'm not worth such a beautiful story . '' 
 `` lola . 
 you are the story . '' 
 `` but a story is just that . 
 it is n't the truth . '' 
 cricket returns to his work . 
 the pink roses are added . 
 `` i know you are n't perfect . 
 but it 's a person 's imperfections that make them perfect for someone else . '' 
 another pin slides into place as i catch sight of the back of his hand . 
 a star . 
 every star he 's drawn onto his skin has been for me . 
 i glance at my doorway to make sure it 's still empty , and i grab his hand . 
 he looks at it . 
 i trace my thumb around the star . 
 he looks at me . 
 his eyes are so painfully , exquisitely blue . 
 and i pull him down into me , and i plant my lips against his , which are loose with surprise and shock . 
 and i kiss cricket bell with everything that 's been building inside of me , everything since he moved back , everything since that summer , everything since our childhood . 
 i kiss him like i 've never kissed anyone before . 
 he does n't move . 
 his lips are n't moving . 
 my head jerks back in alarm . 
 i 've acted rashly , i 've pushed him too quickly - he collapses to his knees and yanks me back to his lips . 
 his kiss is n't even remotely innocent . 
 there 's passion , but there 's also an urgency verging on panic . 
 he pulls me closer , as close as my dress and my chair allow , and he 's gripping me so tightly that i feel his fingers press through the back of my stays . 
 i pull back , gasping for breath . 
 reeling . 
 his breath is ragged , and i place my hands on his cheeks to steady him . 
 `` is this okay ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 his reply is anguished . 
 honest . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 chapter thirty-four moonlight shines into my bedroom and reveals his fragile state . 
 `` i did n't say it so you 'd say it back , '' he says . 
 `` please do n't say it if you do n't mean it . 
 i can wait . '' 
 i rise and detach my gown from the chair . 
 and then i help him stand , and i place his hands around my waist . 
 i lean onto my tiptoes , rest my fingers against the back of his neck , and kiss him gently . 
 slowly . 
 his tongue finds mine . 
 our hearts beat faster and faster , and our kisses grow hotter and hotter , until we burst apart from breathlessness . 
 i smile , dizzily , and touch my swollen lips . 
 these are not the kisses of a sweet , wholesome boy next door . 
 i draw him closer by his tie and whisper into his ear , `` cricket bell , i have been in love with you for my entire life . '' 
 he does n't say anything . 
 but his fingers tighten against the back of my bodice . 
 i ache to press my body into his , but my dress is making full contact impossible . 
 i wiggle into a slightly better position . 
 he glances down and notices that i 'm still wearing a certain blue something , and , this time , it 's his index finger that wraps underneath my rubber band . 
 i shiver wonderfully . 
 `` i 'm never taking it off . '' 
 cricket brushes the delicate skin of my wrist . 
 `` it 'll fall off . '' 
 `` i 'll ask you for another one . '' 
 `` i 'll give you another one . '' 
 he smiles and touches his nose to mine . 
 and then he spasms violently and pushes me away . 
 someone is coming upstairs . 
 cricket grabs the songbird off my desk and shoves it into my hair as andy pops his head in . 
 my dad gives us a look . 
 `` just making sure everything is okay . 
 it 's getting late . 
 you should get going . '' 
 `` we 'll be down in a minute , '' i say . 
 `` you 're not even wearing shoes . 
 or makeup . '' 
 `` five minutes . '' 
 `` i 'm timing it . '' 
 andy disappears . 
 `` and it 'll be nathan up here next , '' he calls out . 
 `` so what do you think ? '' 
 cricket asks . 
 `` you 're good . 
 very , very good . '' 
 i poke his chest , giddy with the knowledge that i can touch him now whenever i want . 
 `` how did you get so good ? '' 
 `` it 's safe to say that you 're the one who brings it out of me . '' 
 he pokes my stomach . 
 `` but i meant your hair . '' 
 i 'm beaming as i turn toward the mirror , and ... `` oh . '' 
 the updo looks professional . 
 it 's tall and splendid and elaborate , but it does n't overwhelm me . 
 it complements me . 
 `` this is ... it 's ... perfect . '' 
 `` you will never tell anyone i did that on pain of death . '' 
 but he 's grinning . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i pause , and then i look down at my pale blue fingernails . 
 `` you know that thing you said about someone being perfect for someone else ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 my eyes lift back to his . 
 `` i think you 're perfect , too . 
 perfect for me . 
 and ... you look amazing tonight.you always do . '' 
 cricket blinks . 
 and then again . 
 `` did i black out ? 
 because i 've daydreamed those words a thousand times , but i never thought you 'd actually say them . '' 
 `` three minutes , '' andy calls from downstairs . 
 we break into nervous laughter . 
 cricket shakes his head to refocus . 
 `` boots , '' he says . 
 `` socks . '' 
 i point them out , and while he finishes prepping them , i mascara my lashes , powder my face , and gloss my lips . 
 the makeup is dropped into my purse . 
 i have a feeling i 'll need retouching before i come home . 
 cricket sweeps me up by my waist and carries me to the bed , and i 'm lifting my skirts as he sets me down on the edge . 
 his eyes widen , but it turns into more laughter when he sees how many layers are underneath . 
 i grin . 
 `` there 's more than panniers under here . '' 
 `` just give me your foot . '' 
 from downstairs : `` one minute . '' 
 cricket kneels and takes my left foot into his hands . 
 the sock comes on too fast . 
 my boot squeaks as he slides it over my leg . 
 his careful , quick fingers lace it all the way up to my knee , where they linger ever so slightly . 
 i close my eyes , praying for the clock to stop . 
 he tugs and tightens the buckles . 
 and then he repeats everything on the other side . 
 somehow , this is the sexiest thing that has ever happened to me . 
 `` i wish i had more feet , '' i say . 
 `` we can do this again . '' 
 he tightens the last buckle . 
 `` anytime . '' 
 there 's a knock against my door frame as betsy eagerly bounds toward us . 
 my parents are both here . 
 cricket helps me stand . 
 nathan 's expression softens into astonishment . 
 `` wow . '' 
 i hesitate . 
 `` good wow ? '' 
 `` standing ovation wow , '' cricket says . 
 the way everyone is staring makes me nervous again . 
 i turn toward the mirror , and i see ... a magnificent gown and beautiful hair and a glowing face . 
 and the reflection smiling back at me is lola . 
 `` one more , '' andy says . 
 `` from the side , so we can see the bird in your hair . '' 
 i turn my head to pose for another picture . 
 `` this is the last one . '' 
 `` did you get a shot with the boots ? '' 
 nathan asks . 
 `` show us the boots . '' 
 i lift my hem and smile . 
 `` tick tock . '' 
 `` i am trying really hard not to use the word ` fabulous ' right now , '' andy says . 
 but i feel fabulous . 
 my parents take two more rounds of pictures-one with both of us and one with just cricket-before we make our escape into the foggy night . 
 getting to the sidewalk requires folding the panniers , lifting my skirts , and stepping sideways down the stairs . 
 we 're walking to my school , because it 's close . 
 also , because i ca n't fit into a car . 
 `` hey ! 
 there they are ! '' 
 aleck appears on the porch next door . 
 abby is on his hip . 
 i wave , and her eyes grow huge like when she saw the wild green parrots in the park . 
 `` ohhhh , '' she says . 
 `` you guys look great , '' aleck calls down . 
 `` crazy . 
 but great . '' 
 we grin our thanks and say goodbye . 
 unsurprisingly , the dress makes it difficult to maneuver down the sidewalk-i frequently have to turn to the side , and hand-holding is tricky-but we make our way down the first block . 
 `` are they still watching ? '' 
 i ask . 
 cricket looks back . 
 `` all four of them . '' 
 my stomach is fluttering , but the butterflies are happy and anticipatory . 
 we 're both waiting for the same moment . 
 we finally turn a corner , and cricket pulls me into the purple-black shadows of the first house . 
 our mouths crush against each other . 
 my hands rake through his hair , tugging him closer . 
 he tries to back me against the wall , but i bounce off it . 
 our lips are still touching as we laugh . 
 `` hold on . '' 
 i hoist up the structure of my dress , but i fold it the other way this time , so that the lifted , flat surface is in the back . 
 `` okay . 
 try again . '' 
 he does it slowly this time , pushing his entire figure against mine , using his h * ps to press me against the house . 
 it does n't matter how much fabric is between us , the solid strength of his body against mine is electric . 
 charged . 
 and then our arms are enveloping and our fingers are digging and our mouths are searching and our bodies find this lock . 
 and if i 'm the stars , cricket bell is entire galaxies . 
 the winter wind spirals around us , cold and bitter , but the space between us is hot and sweet . 
 his scent makes me ravenous . 
 i kiss his neck in a downward trail , and i ca n't hear it over the wind , but i feel him moan . 
 his fingers easily , gracefully slide through the laces of my stays and work their way around the chemise underneath . 
 they stroke only the smallest square of my back , but the tremor runs the full length of my spine . 
 our mouths clasp again . 
 we press against each other harder . 
 his fingers slip out of my stays . 
 they move from my back to my front , and for the first time ever , i wish this dress were less complicated . 
 my next one will be much smaller , a single layer , with a thin silk that will allow me to feel everything . 
 cricket breaks away , his eyes wild . 
 `` we have to stop . 
 if we do n't stop now ... '' `` i know . '' 
 even though all i want to do is keep going . 
 but he wraps his arms around me , and he holds me as if i were about to fly away with the wind . 
 he holds me until our hearts stop pounding so furiously . 
 he holds me until we can breathe again . 
 the fog is still heavy , and the sidewalks are packed , but everyone sees us coming . 
 they part aside with claps and cheers . 
 our smiles as are full as our hearts . 
 as we promenade down the glittery sidewalks of the castro , i feel as if we 're in a music video . 
 a woman with a pompadour gives cricket a fist pump , and the man with the care bears tattoo who owns the environmentally friendly dry cleaners gives us both wolf whistles . 
 or maybe just cricket . 
 he does look hot . 
 we turn the last corner toward my school , and he pulls me into the privacy of another gap between houses . 
 i look up at him teasingly through my eyelashes . 
 `` you know , i just reapplied my lip gloss . '' 
 but cricket is suddenly nervous . 
 very nervous . 
 his expression fills me with apprehension . 
 `` is ... everything okay ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he places a hand inside the inner pocket of his suit jacket . 
 `` i wanted to give you this for christmas , and then for new year 's . 
 but i could n't get it ready in time . 
 and then i thought it 'd make a better gift for tonight anyway , assuming , of course , that you 'd come with me to the dance . 
 but then i could n't give it to you in your bedroom , because it was too bright inside , so i had to wait until we were outside , because it 's dark outside - '' `` cricket ! 
 what is it ? '' 
 he swallows . 
 `` sohereitis , ihopeyoulikeit . '' 
 and he removes his hand from his pocket and thrusts a slender golden object into my palm . 
 the disk is warm from his body heat . 
 it 's round like a makeup compact , and there 's a tiny button to open it , but it 's deeper than a compact . 
 and the metal has been etched with stars . 
 the sound of my heart is loud inside my ears . 
 `` i 'm almost afraid to open it . 
 it 's perfect as it is . '' 
 cricket takes it and holds it at my eye level . 
 `` press the button . '' 
 i extend a shaky index finger . 
 click . 
 and then ... the most wondrous thing appears . 
 the lid pops back , and a miniature , luminous universe rises up and unfolds . 
 a small round moon glows in the center , surrounded by tiny twinkling stars . 
 i gasp . 
 it 's intricate and alive . 
 cricket places the automaton back into my palm . 
 i cradle it , enchanted , and the stars wink at me lazily . 
 `` the moon is what took so long . 
 i had trouble getting the cycle correct . '' 
 i look up , mystified . 
 `` the cycle ? '' 
 he points to the real moon . 
 she 's a waxing gibbous-a slice of her left side is dark . 
 i look back down . 
 the little moon is almost entirely illuminated . 
 a slice of its left side is dark . 
 i 'm stunned into silence . 
 `` so you wo n't forget me when i 'm gone , '' he says . 
 i raise my eyes in alarm . 
 cricket reacts quickly . 
 `` not gone-gone . 
 i meant during the week , when i 'm at school . 
 no more moving . 
 i 'm here . 
 i 'm wherever you are . '' 
 i let out a relieved breath , one hand clutching my tight stays . 
 `` you have n't said anything . '' 
 he plucks at a rubber band . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 `` cricket ... this is the most extraordinary thing i 've ever seen . '' 
 his expression melts . 
 he enfolds me into his arms , and i rise on my platform tiptoes to reach his lips again . 
 i want to kiss him for the rest of the night , for the rest of our lives . 
 the one . 
 he tastes salty like sea fog . 
 but he tastes sweet , too , like ... `` cherries , '' he says . 
 yes . 
 wait . 
 was i talking out loud ? 
 `` you taste like cherries . 
 your hair smells like cherries . 
 you 've always smelled like cherries to me . '' 
 cricket presses his nose against the top of my head and inhales . 
 `` i ca n't believe i 'm allowed to do that now . 
 you have no idea how long i 've wanted to do that . '' 
 i bury my face against his chest and smile . 
 someday i 'll tell him about my teacup . 
 the sound of laughter and music floats through the night air , swirling and ephemeral . 
 it 's beckoning us . 
 i look up and deep into his eyes . 
 `` are you sure you want to do this ? 
 a high school dance ? 
 you do n't think it 's ... kind of lame ? '' 
 `` sure , but are n't they supposed to be ? '' 
 cricket smiles . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 've never been to one . 
 and i 'm happy . 
 i 'm really hap - '' and i interrupt his words with another ecstatic kiss . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` are you scared ? '' 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 he takes my hand and squeezes it . 
 with my other , i hitch up the bottom of my dress . 
 my platform combat boots lead the way . 
 and i hold my head high toward my big entrance , hand in hand with the boy who gave me the moon and the stars . 
