 the night air is frigid . 
 it does n't help that i 'm stuck wearing this little black dress in my crap car . 
 i shiver as i try to keep the engine running at a red light . 
 my little battered car is from two decades ago and stalls if i do n't rev the engine while i have my foot on the brake . 
 i 'm driving with two feet , in a car that 's supposed to be an automatic . 
 the heater does n't work . 
 if i try to turn it on , i 'll get my face blasted with white smoke . 
 it 's awesome , in an utterly humbling kind of way . 
 at least the car is mine . 
 it gets me where i need to go , most of the time . 
 the light flips to green and i botch it . 
 i do n't gas the car enough and it shutters and stalls . 
 i grumble and grab for the can of ether . 
 the cars behind me blare their horns . 
 i ignore them . 
 they can go around me . 
 i grab the can on the seat next to me , kick open my door , and walk around to the hood . 
 i shake the can and spray it into the engine intake . 
 the car will start up as soon as i turn the key now , and i can drive away in shame . 
 the night air is crisp and filled with exhaust . 
 this road is always busy . 
 it does n't matter what time of day it is . 
 angry drivers move around me . 
 everyone is always in a hurry . 
 it 's part of the new york frame of mind . 
 i 'm treated to a catcall as a car full of guys blows past me . 
 i flip them the bird and hear their laughter echo as they fade from sight . 
 tonight could n't possibly get any worse . 
 i put the cap on the can of ether . 
 then it happens . 
 my night takes a one-eighty straight into suckage . 
 as i drop the hood , it slams shut , and i look through the windshield . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i say at the guy who jumps in my seat . 
 he 's wearing a once-blue fluffy coat and has n't shaved for weeks . 
 he turns the key and my crappy car roars to life . 
 he gasses it and takes off , swerving around me . 
 i stand in the lane staring after him . 
 what a moron . 
 who 'd steal that piece of trash ? 
 still , it 's my car and i need it . 
 after the night i had , i do n't want to run after him , but i have to . 
 i need that car . 
 i take off at a full run . 
 my lungs start to burn as i suck in frozen air and exhaust . 
 i run down the shoulder , avoiding trash that 's laying in the gutter . 
 my attention is singularly focused on my car . 
 i push my body harder and feel my muscles protest , but i do n't hold back . 
 he 's getting away . 
 i manage to run a block when a guy on a motorcycle slows next to me . 
 `` that guy stole your car . '' 
 he sounds shocked . 
 i ca n't see his face through the black helmet . 
 it has a tinted visor that covers his face . 
 `` no shit , sherlock , '' i huff and keep running . 
 my purse is in the car , my only pair of work acceptable heels , my books - awh , fuck - my books . 
 i paid over a grand for those . 
 they 're worth more than the car . 
 i run faster . 
 my dress flares around my thighs as my chucks help me sprint forward . 
 my body does n't want to do it . 
 the stitch in my side feels like it 's going to bust open . 
 the guy on the bike is annoying . 
 he rolls next to me and flips up his face shield . 
 i glance at him , wondering what he 's doing . 
 biker guy looks at me like i 'm crazy . 
 `` are you trying to catch him ? '' 
 `` yes , '' pointing ahead , huffing . 
 there are three lights on this stretch of road before the ramp to get on the parkway . 
 if he hits a red light , the car will stall and i 'll get it back . 
 my lungs are burning and it 's not like i have time to explain this . 
 my car has already passed the first light . 
 `` if he stops , the car will stall . '' 
 `` you want me to help ? '' 
 he glances at the car and then back at me . 
 i stop and nearly double over . 
 holy hell , i 'm out of shape . 
 i nod and throw my leg over the back of his bike , flashing the cars driving past us . 
 i so do n't care . 
 wrapping my arms around his waist , i hold on tight and say , `` go . '' 
 `` i was going to call the cops , but this works , too . '' 
 he sounds amused . 
 i hold onto his trim waist and plaster myself against his back . 
 he 's wearing a leather jacket , and i can feel his toned body through the supple material . 
 he pulls into traffic and zips through the lanes . 
 the wind blasts my hair and plasters my eyelashes wide open . 
 we bob and weave , getting closer and closer to my car . 
 my heart is racing so fast that it 's going to explode . 
 i see my car . 
 it 's passing the second light . 
 motorcycle man punches it , and the bike flies under the second intersection just as the light changes . 
 i manage not to shriek . 
 my skirt flies up to my hips , but i do n't let go of the biker 's waist to push the fabric back down . 
 we 're nearly there when the thief catches the third light . 
 the car in front of him stops , forcing the carjacker to stop as well . 
 as soon as he takes his foot off the gas , my car convulses and white smoke shoots out the tailpipe . 
 the engine ceases . 
 the driver 's side door is kicked open and the guy runs . 
 motorcycle man pulls up next to my car . 
 i slip off the back of the bike , my heart beating a mile a minute . 
 i ca n't afford to lose this stuff . 
 i 'm barely making it as it is . 
 i look at my car . 
 everything is still there . 
 i turn back to the guy on the bike as i smooth my skirt back into place . 
 tucking my hair behind my ear , i say , `` thanks . '' 
 i must seem insane . 
 he flips his face shield up and says , `` no problem . 
 does your car always do that ? '' 
 a pair of blue eyes meets mine and the floor of my stomach gives way . 
 damn , he 's cute . 
 no , not cute - he 's hot . 
 `` get jacked ? 
 no , not always . '' 
 he smiles . 
 there 's a dusting of stubble on his cheeks . 
 i can barely see it because of the helmet . 
 he raises an eyebrow at me and asks , `` this has happened before , has n't it ? '' 
 more times than you 'd think . 
 criminals are really stupid . 
 `` let 's just say , this is n't the first time i had to chase after the car . 
 so far no one 's made it to the parkway . 
 that damn light takes forever and i keep stalling out in the same spot . 
 you 'd think i 'd figure it out by now , but ... '' but i 'm mentally challenged and prefer to chase after car thieves . 
 i stop talking and press my lips together . 
 his eyes run over my dress and pause on my sneakers , before returning to my face . 
 great , he thinks i 'm mental . 
 turning to the car , i grab another can of ether from the backseat and walk around to the front . 
 i dropped the last can somewhere behind me . 
 i pop the hood and spray . 
 i 'm so cold that i 've gone numb . 
 as i walk back to my door , i shake my head saying , `` who steals a car that barely runs ? '' 
 `` do you need any help ? '' 
 the guy holds my gaze for a moment and my stomach twists . 
 he seems sincere , which kills me . 
 a strange compulsion to spill my guts tries to overtake me , but i bash it back down . 
 pressing my lips together , i shake my head , and swallow the lump in my throat . 
 today sucked . 
 i 'm totally alone . 
 no one helps me , and yet this guy did . 
 `` no , i 'm okay , '' i lie as i slip into my car and yank the door shut . 
 `` thanks for the ride . '' 
 i turn the engine over and smile at him . 
 the window is down . 
 it does n't go up . 
 `` anytime . '' 
 he nods at me , like he wants to say something else . 
 all i can see of his face is his crystal blue eyes and a beautiful mouth . 
 he 's sitting on a bike that cost more than my tuition . 
 he 's loaded and i 've got nothing . 
 a pang of remorse shots through me , but i need to go . 
 the haves and the have-not were n't made to mingle . 
 i already learned that lesson once . 
 i do n't need to learn it again . 
 `` thanks , '' i say before he can ask my name . 
 `` i 'll see you around . '' 
 i smile at him and drive away , holding back tears that are building behind my eyes . 
 my dress swishes around my knees as i walk down the dorm hallway , toward my room . 
 i 'm holding my books under one arm and my heels in the other . 
 my purse is over my shoulder . 
 i have my keys in hand and shove one into the lock and twist . 
 the knob turns and i push , walking forward . 
 the door hits something and i walk into it , smacking my head and dropping everything . 
 it 's late and i 'm tired . 
 i kick the door with my foot , knowing amber -lrb- the worst roommate ever -rrb- blocked the door so i ca n't get inside . 
 `` open the door ! '' 
 i scream and kick it again , but she does n't open up . 
 i pick my books up off the floor and slip them between the crack in the door . 
 i grab my heels and purse and walk to melony 's room . 
 i knock on the door jam and peek in . 
 `` hey , how 'd your night go ? '' 
 melony is leaning toward a mirror , putting on earrings that dangle . 
 they sparkle like sunlight against her dark hair . 
 her skin is the color of caramel and so are her eyes . 
 she looks like a supermodel . 
 she 's wearing a dress that wraps around her narrow waist with a plunging neck line . 
 `` sucked , '' i say , laying back on her bed and staring at the ceiling . 
 `` i got carjacked again . 
 i really thought thieves were smarter than that . '' 
 she turns and looks at me . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 `` nah , some guy helped me . 
 i got my car back and the idiot who took it did n't steal anything . 
 he ran when the car stalled . 
 what a dumbass . '' 
 i press my fingers to my temples , trying to stop the headache that 's threatening to tear my brains apart . 
 `` what else happened ? '' 
 she asks , since having car issues is a normal part of my life . 
 `` you seem way out of sorts . '' 
 i am way out of sorts . 
 i 'm quiet for a moment . 
 i want to tell someone , but mel has money and i have none . 
 i work my ass off and i still ca n't get ahead . 
 i swallow hard and say it . 
 `` i ca n't do it anymore , mel . 
 i ca n't work and do school . 
 if i do n't keep my gpa at a 3.5 , i lose my scholarship , but if i do n't work - '' i groan , covering my face with my arm . 
 `` you ca n't live . 
 yeah , i get it . '' 
 she says , putting away her make-up . 
 `` i do n't know what to do . 
 i have a huge test on monday and i have n't even cracked open the book yet . 
 then , when the car got jacked - damn - all that i could think was that i 'm going to fail the test on monday without my book . 
 i ran down deer park avenue like a lunatic , chasing a stolen textbook . '' 
 the bed next to me dips and i realize mel is sitting there . 
 `` you need a new job , honey . '' 
 `` i know , but it 's the same everywhere . 
 nobody pays enough . 
 i work until i drop dead at night , and i 'm still eating ramen noodles . 
 i ca n't stand it anymore . '' 
 she pats my arm , pulling it away from my face . 
 her golden eyes meet mine . 
 `` listen , i have to check in at work , take care of some paperwork for tomorrow , and do a few things . 
 my boss is going to be there . 
 you should come and meet her . '' 
 i look up at her , `` what ? 
 and work at a hotel ? '' 
 mel smiles at me funnily , and nods . 
 `` yeah , i mean , why not ? 
 it 's a good job , it pays great , and the hours are perfect . 
 i work way less than you and make way more . '' 
 `` that was blunt . '' 
 she stands and smoothes her dress , `` you need blunt these days , avery . 
 you 're a mess , your car is a death trap , and you 're totally alone . 
 a big pay check will fix some of that . '' 
 i do n't want to go . 
 my body aches . 
 i 'm over tired , and going out again sounds like suckage . 
 at the same time , she 's right . 
 money would fix some of my problems . 
 `` since we 're being blunt , how much are we talking about ? '' 
 `` more than enough for you and all your bills . 
 what you earn in a month , i make every weekend . '' 
 she stares at me with those tiger eyes and i dart upright on the bed . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 i think mel 's toying with me , but she nods . 
 `` what the hell do you do ? '' 
 mel laughs and shakes her head . 
 `` just come . 
 talk to my boss . 
 if you 're a good fit , she 'll give you a job . 
 it 's what you want , right ? '' 
 i push myself up , muttering , `` you suck . 
 fine , i 'll come . 
 but i was planning on spending some quality time with amber tonight . '' 
 melony scoffs and says , `` yeah , right . '' 
 melony drives a sporty black coupe that puts my car to shame . 
 it stops and goes . 
 the windows move up and down . 
 the heater works . 
 omfg , the heater ! 
 i could die . 
 i slump back into the leather when the heated seat warms up . 
 `` i could live in this car . '' 
 `` holy hell , we need to get you off the poor train . 
 did you hear what you just said ? '' 
 she looks over at me briefly , before returning her gaze to the road . 
 i nod and totally do n't care . 
 the leather is warm and i have my head tipped back and my eyes closed . 
 `` you try living with amber for a semester and we 'll see what crazy crap comes out of your mouth . '' 
 `` did she lock you out again ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i nod . 
 `` she 's probably having sex with her creepy boyfriend on my couch . '' 
 i need more lysol . 
 i cringe thinking about it . 
 how i ended up with such a rank roommate is beyond me . 
 it 's like the university asked me all those questions on the roommate application thingie to see if i could manage using a pencil okay . 
 i thought i proved that i could use a pencil when i took my sats . 
 guess not . 
 melony 's little car darts through traffic . 
 we stop at a light and she looks at me . 
 `` that guy gives me the creeps . '' 
 `` me too . 
 it 's like her guy radar only picks out soon-to-be-felons . 
 listen , my nerves are so frayed , i ca n't talk about amber anymore . 
 my frickin ' eye is twitching . '' 
 and it is . 
 the lower right lid is going nuts , blinking for no reason . 
 i press my finger to it , trying not to smear my make-up . 
 `` fine by me . 
 so , '' she changes the subject , `` are you seeing anyone ? '' 
 i laugh in response , and then realize she 's really asking , `` uhm , no . 
 with what time ? 
 if i 'm not at class , i 'm at work . 
 if i 'm not at work , i 'm at class . 
 i do n't even have time to sleep . 
 am i dating ? '' 
 i say mockingly and laugh , shaking my head . 
 my dark hair falls over my shoulders . 
 `` back off , cujo . 
 i was just asking , trying to get a feel for things . '' 
 `` what things ? 
 things that 'll never happen this side of hell . '' 
 `` sounding a little bitter there , avery . '' 
 i smile weakly at her . 
 she 's just trying to help . 
 `` sorry , i did n't mean to snap . 
 today had to be the worst day of my life . 
 besides the douche that stole the car , i had the worst customer . 
 he screamed at me forever and then went to my boss . 
 i 'm a fucking hostess . 
 like i have anything to do with his meal ? '' 
 i press my fingers to my head and lean my elbow on the door . 
 my job is to seat people at a steakhouse . 
 that 's it . 
 i have nothing to do with anything else , but this guy would n't back off . 
 he seemed to think his night was ruined because of me . 
 by the time he got hold of the manager , somehow everything was my fault . 
 my boss made me look like it was my fault and that sums up my night at work . 
 absentmindedly , i twist a lock of my hair between my fingers . 
 `` it was just one of those days and i 'm sick of having them . '' 
 `` my job is a little unorthodox , but i never have to deal with that shit . '' 
 mel shifts in her seat . 
 i glance at her . 
 `` unorthodox ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you 'll just have to wait and see . '' 
 we drive on in silence . 
 about forty minutes later , we are at a building in manhattan . 
 a street light floods the sidewalk in front . 
 it looks like an office building . 
 we go inside and ride the elevator up to the seventeenth floor . 
 when the doors open , we 're standing in an open space . 
 the room is decorated in browns and beiges with little splashes of color here or there . 
 it looks like an office . 
 i glance at mel . 
 `` i thought you worked at a hotel ? '' 
 `` i do , but this is where i check in . '' 
 she walks past me and turns a corner . 
 i follow her down a hallway . 
 mel stops in front of an office door . 
 she smoothes her dress , like she 's nervous , and knocks . 
 looking back at me she says quickly , `` do n't say anything . 
 just listen and answer whatever she asks you . '' 
 my brows pull together . 
 what the hell am i doing here ? 
 mel is dressed up and from the looks of it , we are in an empty office space . 
 there 's no music , no noise . 
 it 's totally silent . 
 `` enter , '' a female voice says , and melony pushes the door open . 
 a woman in her early forties sits behind a glass desk . 
 she does n't look up . 
 `` right on time . 
 come in and close the door . '' 
 mel 's voice cracks , `` i brought someone for you to meet . '' 
 the woman at the desk lifts her eyes and sees me . 
 she immediately shoots daggers at mel . 
 mel holds up her hands , explaining , `` i did n't say anything . 
 i told her to come and talk to you . 
 i did n't breech my contract , miss black . 
 i need to keep this job , but my friend here is in the same position as i was and i thought you were looking for someone new . '' 
 i know mel told me to stay quiet , but i ca n't . 
 i do n't want her to lose her job because of me . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 i can wait in the car . '' 
 i turn to leave . 
 the woman behind the desk rises . 
 her gaze slips over me quickly . 
 she says to mel , `` family ? 
 boyfriend ? 
 funding ? '' 
 `` no to all three , '' mel answers . 
 i stop and stare at the two of them . 
 `` come with me , miss. . 
 we 'll have a chat . 
 melony can wait here . '' 
 the woman walks swiftly past me . 
 we move to a table in the back corner of the floor . 
 there is a couch behind us and some more nondescript art on the walls . 
 she sits at the table . 
 it 's metal with a glass top . 
 i sit across from her and cross my ankles and pull them under my seat . 
 it feels like an interview . 
 `` miss black , '' i say apologetically , `` i 'm sorry for disrupting your evening . 
 mel said this was a good job and i need a good job , so i came . '' 
 she nods at me . 
 miss black crosses her legs at the knee and leans back in her chair . 
 `` how old are you ? 
 twenty-two ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` family ? '' 
 `` deceased . '' 
 i still feel the knot in my throat when i say it . 
 i wonder if that 'll ever go away . 
 `` what are you attending school for ? '' 
 `` i want to be a marriage and family counselor when i graduate . 
 i have to finish undergrad and grad school first . 
 i have a very generous scholarship that pays for my classes , fees , and books , but i still have to pay for rent and food . '' 
 `` you need a job with better pay and fewer hours ? '' 
 she asks , and i nod . 
 `` are you involved with anyone ? '' 
 my eyebrows start to creep up my face . 
 `` no , but - '' `` any piercings or tattoos ? '' 
 miss black 's eyes sweep over me , like she 's looking for them through my dress . 
 `` no , '' i blurt out , confused . 
 what does it matter if a hotel clerk has tattoos ? 
 `` and i 'm guessing that 's the best dress and shoes you own . '' 
 i nod , not wanting to answer . 
 it 's all i could afford . 
 i thought i looked nice , but i was already at work and then there was the thing with my car . 
 `` if you work for us , we expect you to have a certain kind of attire . 
 there are stores where you have to shop . 
 it 's not optional . 
 is that a problem ? '' 
 `` only if i ca n't afford to shop there . '' 
 she smiles , `` oh , you 'll be able to afford it . 
 listen . 
 you seem like the type of girl we are looking for - no attachments , driven , hardworking , and ethical . '' 
 i try not to smile . 
 i still do n't know what the job is , but my heart starts to race like i want it very badly . 
 miss black takes a card from her pocket and slips it across the table to me . 
 `` that is starting salary . 
 it 's paid weekly , in cash . '' 
 a warning bell is chiming softly in my head before i glance at the card . 
 cash , why is it cash ? 
 some companies hire extra staff off the books . 
 it should n't spook me , but it does when i lift the card . 
 my jaw drops open . 
 `` this is more money than i make in a month . '' 
 holy shit ! 
 mel was n't exaggerating . 
 `` i know , and that 's just to start . 
 it goes up from there . 
 those who perform well are paid well . '' 
 i stare at the card and the massive number . 
 i 've got to be missing something . 
 i look up and ask , `` what 's my job ? '' 
 miss black grins and places her palms together . 
 she points her index fingers at me . 
 `` ah , that 's where things get tricky . 
 you see , we are in one of the oldest professions in the world - the matchmaking business . 
 beautiful young women come to us and we take care of them and make sure they 're safe . 
 we 're selective about our clientele and attempt to match preferences to keep things as pleasant as possible . 
 now , if - '' my mouth is hanging open . 
 i blink as she speaks , thinking that i must be misunderstanding , but the longer she talks , the clearer things become . 
 i find my voice and squeak out , `` you want to be my pimp ? '' 
 okay , today is totally the worst day of my life . 
 i stare at her wide-eyed . 
 `` does mel know - '' mel speaks from behind me . 
 `` of course i know . 
 i work here , avery . 
 i 'm a high dollar call girl , if you need the bluntness , and from the look on your face , i think you do . '' 
 i 'm ready to bounce out of my chair and run , but mel puts a hand on my shoulder and sits next to me . 
 `` i know what you 're feeling , but hear me out . 
 miss black is a madam . 
 it 's not the same as whoring yourself out . 
 it 's more like matchmaking . '' 
 `` for money , '' i retort . 
 `` what 's so bad about that ? 
 i mean , you get to work a few hours a week , get good pay , and have someone looking out for you . 
 the guys have a background check , are guaranteed drug and disease free . 
 that 's better than dating the old fashioned way . '' 
 `` this is n't dating , mel ! '' 
 i stand up , but mel grabs my wrist and pulls me back into my seat . 
 i 'm so annoyed with her . 
 i want to leave , but it 's because i 'm upset . 
 i ca n't believe she took me here . 
 i ca n't believe she does this ! 
 mel sighs and gives me her annoyed look that 's just short of an eye roll . 
 she thinks i 'm blowing things out of proportion . 
 `` there are different levels of service , avery . 
 you could just be some guy 's arm-candy for the night . 
 no sex . 
 it 's your call . '' 
 i glance at miss black . 
 her expression is neutral . 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 miss black nods . 
 `` we have different clients with different needs . 
 when you begin working for us , you tell us what you 're comfortable with and how far you 're willing to go . 
 limits are set ahead of time so there is no confusion . 
 you have a security device with you at all times and check in here every weekend . '' 
 `` i - '' my mouth is hanging open . 
 getting paid to be someone 's date does n't sound bad . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 mel explains , `` the dates do n't pay as much , avery . 
 but it 's a good way to see how good they match you up . 
 i mean , if it 's the kind of guy you 'd take to bed anyway ... '' mel winks at me and then shrugs , like it 's no big deal . 
 i break eye contact with mel and stare at the table . 
 i 'm gripping my hands in my lap so tightly that they 're turning white . 
 miss black pushes a sheet of paper in front of me and a pen . 
 `` this is a list of things that might occur on a date with a client . 
 you can check off the things you are willing to take part in . '' 
 i stare at the sheet . 
 there are normal things - hugs , kisses , pecks , french kissing - and then the list gets more specific : stroking , petting , oral sex , vaginal sex , anal sex , and it keeps going , getting weirder and weirder . 
 there are two columns filled with anything and everything . 
 fisting ? 
 what the hell is that ? 
 i shake my head and push the page back to her . 
 `` no . '' 
 i ca n't do this . 
 i feel like i 'm standing on the slippery slope and about to fall down , ass first . 
 miss black eyes me for a moment , like she knows me . 
 `` how experienced are you , avery ? '' 
 i freeze , and my shoulders straighten . 
 i turn to her slowly . 
 my answer must be written across my face , because miss black smiles at me with that smile people have when they discover something serendipitous . 
 miss black hands me another card . 
 this one is black with white letters . 
 my reflex is to take it . 
 `` that also has its own set of rules and prices . '' 
 i squirm under her gaze . 
 i wonder how she can tell . 
 i hold the card in my hand without looking at it , heart pounding . 
 mel is n't following , `` what has its own rules ? '' 
 my face flames red , but i ca n't move . 
 i flip the little black card over and look at it , expecting the number to be smaller , but it is n't . 
 it 's bigger , with a lot of zeros . 
 i do n't understand . 
 glancing up at miss black , i ask , `` why is it more ? '' 
 i thought it 'd be less . 
 who 'd want to pay to fuck a virgin ? 
 i do n't know what i 'm doing , like at all . 
 miss black tilts her head to the side . 
 `` supply and demand . 
 there are very few women your age with everything still intact . 
 some men like being the first . 
 they want a more drawn out experience , so it costs more . 
 combine that with a lack of virgins and you are a rare commodity . '' 
 oh boy . 
 i 'm a rare commodity . 
 i do n't blink . 
 i just stare at her . 
 it 's like i 've fallen into a parallel universe or something . 
 mel blurts out , `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 mel looks at me like i 've been living a double life for the past few years . 
 it irks me , since she really is living a double life . 
 i had no idea she was doing this . 
 i do n't want to talk about it now , either . 
 `` it 's not the kind of thing that comes up , okay . '' 
 mel stumbles over her words and finally spits out , `` how ? '' 
 miss black speaks for me , `` she never found the right guy , is my guess . 
 avery 's been too busy with life , trying to survive . 
 a guy complicates things , adds more danger , and more uncertainty . '' 
 i feel numb . 
 that was exactly why . 
 if i got pregnant , robbed , infected , or anything else , then i 'd be totally screwed . 
 i stare at the floor . 
 `` there 's no room for it . 
 if i make a mistake ... '' miss black nods . 
 `` i understand . 
 do n't make a decision now . 
 think about it and let me know . 
 my number is on the back of the card . 
 i need to check melony 's stats and you girls can be on your way . '' 
 `` have you done it ? '' 
 i blurt out as i look up at her . 
 i do n't know why i asked , but i did . 
 miss black turns back to me and nods slowly . 
 `` do you regret it ? '' 
 `` there are some things i wish i 'd done differently , but it was my own fault . 
 the job was great , avery . 
 my regret is that i held onto the job too long and the result was letting the right guy slip away . '' 
 mel whispers to me , `` we ca n't date when we 're working here . '' 
 miss black shakes her head , and looks at mel . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's get your stats . '' 
 mel walks to a scale and stops in front of it . 
 she turns once showing her dress off to miss black . 
 `` it ties at the waist . '' 
 she pulls the string and slips out of the dress . 
 mel is wearing a navy bra and panty set with matching garters and thigh highs . 
 she slips out of her shoes and steps on the scale . 
 miss black measures her waist , breasts , and hips , and writes the numbers down . 
 mel turns to me , `` they regulate everything . '' 
 `` would i have to do this for the dating service ? '' 
 they both nod . 
 `` it helps us keep you in shape and pair you up with the right man . 
 we want our clients to be happy . 
 most of them want a specific kind of woman . '' 
 miss black answers me as she fills in information on mel 's chart . 
 `` specific numbers ? '' 
 i ask , shocked . 
 `` specific ratio . 
 it gives a good indication of curves . 
 the clients will never see your measurements , of course . 
 that 's just for us . '' 
 miss black eyes me , while mel pulls her dress back on . 
 `` why do n't you come in with mel tomorrow . 
 i 'll bring the - '' i shake my head . 
 i 've made up my mind . 
 the moment of insanity has passed . 
 there 's no way i can do this . 
 `` no , that 's okay . 
 this is too much for me . '' 
 miss black leans in . 
 `` one guy , for one month and you 'd be set for the year . 
 it 's just one guy , avery . 
 think about it . '' 
 i do n't need to think about it . 
 this is n't for me . 
 `` no , but thanks anyway . '' 
 i say . 
 i flick a glance at mel and want to strangle her . 
 what was she thinking , bringing me here ? 
 and what the hell is she thinking , doing this ? 
 i look down and bite my tongue . 
 miss black is talking to mel about her next date and walks toward a bookshelf on the wall . 
 she lifts a photo album and walks back to the table . 
 mel sits next to me . 
 i grab my phone and pretend to tweet something . 
 mel 's spine straightens . 
 she knows i 'm going to chew her out when we 're alone . 
 damn right , i am . 
 miss black says to mel , `` there are a few new clients who have n't been entered into the database yet . 
 you know how we are with these things . 
 everything is private , but it takes time . 
 anyway , '' she says , putting the thick book on the table , `` i 'll show you his paper file . 
 this 'll be destroyed later . '' 
 mel scoots closer , so she can see . 
 when miss black flips open the thick binder something flutters to the floor . 
 it 's a picture and some notes that are written too poorly for me to read . 
 i lean over and pick them up . 
 when my fingers touch the picture , i freeze . 
 those eyes , that face . 
 a chill runs down my spine . 
 it 's the guy from earlier tonight , the one on the motorcycle . 
 i pause there , afraid to touch it . 
 a rush of feelings swirl through me and pool in my stomach . 
 i ca n't swallow . 
 `` avery , what 's wrong ? '' 
 mel asks , noticing how i 've gone rigid . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 i sweep up the papers and the picture and hand them back to miss black . 
 when i touch the photograph , i think of how it felt to wrap my arms around his waist . 
 hell , i already wrapped my thighs around his hips . 
 my face flames red at the thought and the two women chuckle , like they know what i 'm thinking . 
 i push the papers across the table toward miss black . 
 the corners of her mouth twitch with amusement . 
 she senses the chink in my armor . 
 `` this is a new client . 
 i met him this morning and he was interested in finding someone to take under his wing , someone with little experience , someone with soft dark hair and even darker eyes - someone like you . '' 
 i smile too widely and shake my head . 
 butterflies are ambushing my stomach and trying to fly up my throat . 
 i move too much and practically shake my brains out of my head . 
 `` i 'm not interested . '' 
 i try to hide my nerves , but the fact that this guy made me melt before i saw the picture undercuts me . 
 i cross my arms over my chest and lean back in the chair , locking my jaw . 
 `` very well , '' miss black says , no longer looking at the guy 's picture . 
 she turns to mel and pulls out a few pages . 
 there are a lot of pictures of the guy and his preferences are noted . 
 i tune out what they say . 
 i do n't realize it , but i 'm staring at the upside down picture of motorcycle man . 
 he seemed so normal , so nice . 
 what 's he doing at a place like this ? 
 if he asked me out , i would have said - stop lying to yourself , you would have said no . 
 i would n't have given him a chance , and why ? 
 because i do n't have time for stuff like this . 
 i wo n't start something that i ca n't finish . 
 my eyes fixate on his face . 
 startling blue eyes look back . 
 a dusting of stubble lines his jaw , dark like the sexy hair covering his head in thick waves . 
 it sweeps across his forehead , like it 's just a little too long . 
 i want to touch it , and push the hair back . 
 those eyes are too amazing to conceal . 
 my heart is pounding and i 'm lost in thought , rethinking the encounter with him earlier tonight , wondering why he 'd come here , when mel pokes me in the shoulder . 
 `` hello ? 
 earth to avery ? '' 
 i snap my gaze from the picture and look at her . 
 `` time to go . '' 
 mel stands and grabs her purse . 
 miss black extends her hand to me , `` it was a pleasure to meet you . '' 
 i nod , and shake . 
 `` it 's been . . '' 
 i stare at her , and ca n't think of anything to describe how it 's been . 
 miss black breaks the awkward pause and says , `` i did the same thing . 
 so did , melony , if it makes you feel better . 
 neither of us thought we 'd do it . 
 we both said no at first . '' 
 miss black smiles weakly at me . 
 the handshake stops and before i have a chance to turn away , she says , `` we both changed our minds . '' 
 i smile at her , completely and total certain . 
 `` i wo n't be changing my mind about this . '' 
 i turn away and follow mel down to her car . 
 i had no clue how wrong i was . 
 mel stalks to her room . 
 there 's a frosty silence between us . 
 it 's nearly 2:00 am by the time we get back to the dorm . 
 we pass my door first . 
 i move to unlock it , but when i jab my key in and turn the knob , the door smacks into the couch . 
 again . 
 `` damn it , amber ! 
 open the fucking door ! '' 
 i 'm about to lose my mind . 
 it 's the middle of the night . 
 there 's no one to report her to , and i am not sleeping in the hallway . 
 mel stops a few paces away and turns back when she hears me yell . 
 her voice is quiet . 
 `` come stay with us . 
 you can beat the crap out of amber in the morning . '' 
 she does n't wait for me to cave and follow her back to her room . 
 i watch mel 's long curvy form walk down the hall and wonder if i know her at all . 
 she 's a goddamn prostitute . 
 how did i miss that ? 
 am i that naive ? 
 i suck in a breath of air and let it out in a rush . 
 running my hand through my hair , i push it back from my eyes and sulk down the hallway after her . 
 she opens the door in silence . 
 i follow her into the room and close the door quietly , assuming her roommate is already asleep , but the room is empty . 
 we both live in the west tower at the far end of campus . 
 it 's the cheapest dorm and the one farthest from everything . 
 mel picks up a note next to the lamp after she turns it on . 
 the little room is a photocopy of mine , minus my hideous roommate , amber the skank . 
 the walls are eggshell white with an industrial tile floor . 
 mel decorated it more poshly than i did . 
 i could never afford the pretty curtains and thick throw rug that covers the floor . 
 all the throw blankets , lights , and pictures make it feel like a home . 
 my room does n't feel like that . 
 it feels like the prison cell of a sociopath . 
 amber covered her half with sparkly crap and my half remains empty , barren , like my life . 
 mel reads the note and puts it down . 
 `` she 's out for the night . '' 
 there 's an awkward pause that makes my mouth fill with cotton . 
 i feel like i should apologize , but i do n't want to . 
 she took me to fill out an application to be a hooker . 
 mel presses her lips together and looks at me . 
 `` i did n't mean to ... '' she closes her eyes and shakes her head . 
 pressing a finger to her temple , she says , `` i did n't mean to upset you and i sure hope that we can still be friends . '' 
 she works her jaw after she carefully says each word and stares at me . 
 `` i 'm pissed , but i 'm not stupid . 
 why would n't we be friends anymore ? '' 
 i feel a tug in my gut , a warning that i might actually lose her . 
 it makes me step further into the room . 
 i ca n't lose her . 
 she 's my best friend and as close to family as i 'll get . 
 `` you 've got that look on your face . 
 the one that says condemnation , damnation , and all those other nations where sleeping with a guy is frowned on and followed up with a swift banishment with brimstone . '' 
 her hands move as she speaks , flying through the air . 
 she 's really worried . 
 i sigh and rub the heel of my hand against my eyes . 
 `` mel , oh my god , that 's not it . 
 you walked me into a job interview to be a hooker . 
 i thought i was applying to be a hotel clerk . 
 they 're kind of different , in case you did n't notice . 
 you frickin ' blindsided me , that 's all . '' 
 that 's all , like that 's nothing major . 
 my best friend is a hooker . 
 my shoulders slump forward . 
 i do n't want to fight anymore . 
 i 'm exhausted and i have to get up early to study , since i have to work tomorrow night . 
 i sit down hard on a fluffy hot pink chair and pull a blanket over my lap . 
 mel sits across from me on her bed . 
 she pulls off her shoes and stockings , as she speaks . 
 `` you would n't have come if i told you what it was , and i do n't know if you 've noticed this or not - but you 're screwed . 
 if you get one c , just one , you 're totally fucked . 
 no more scholarship , no more college , poof ! 
 it 's gone . 
 you 're walking the line already in psych . 
 you ca n't fail monday 's test . 
 it kills your wiggle room , and you 'll have to pull straight a 's for the rest of the semester . 
 you know you ca n't do that working as much as you do . 
 this is an upper level class , avery . 
 you 're almost done . 
 it would suck to blow the whole thing now . '' 
 i stare blankly at the wall as she speaks . 
 i already know all this , but hearing it still stings . 
 i do n't look at her . 
 i feel more desperate every day . 
 i ca n't handle this on my own , but i am on my own . 
 there 's no one to help me when i fall flat on my face , which seems like it 's going to happen soon . 
 i 'm on the downward slope and picking up speed . 
 if things do n't change , i 'll crash . 
 i ca n't think about it . 
 i push the thoughts away , unable to deal with the repercussions . 
 `` how 'd you end up working there ? '' 
 i ask , still feeling uneasy , picking at the fringe of the blanket on my lap . 
 mel looks at me cautiously . 
 `` i was doing what you are doing and falling behind . 
 i 'm not losing my scholarship . 
 it 's my only way out of that hell hole . 
 when i came here , i said that i would n't go back . 
 come hell or high water , i have kept that promise to myself . '' 
 determination burns in mel 's eyes . 
 my eyes just feel tired . 
 i look at her , not understanding how mel could do it . 
 at the same time , i hear it in her voice - she ca n't go back . 
 i have nothing to go back to , but still ... i ca n't do what she does . 
 i want my first time to be with someone i love . 
 i never , even for a second , thought about selling sex . 
 my mind goes in several different directions . 
 i doubt she follows me when i say , `` i admire you , you know . 
 you have more guts in one eyelash than i have in my entire body . 
 i 'm going down in flames and i ca n't stop it . '' 
 `` yes , you can , '' she says , her voice filled with empathy . 
 `` listen , avery , you do n't have to do what i did , but you have got to do something . 
 we both see the crash and burn racing up on you . 
 change something . 
 take control of your life so it does n't happen . '' 
 `` you think you can control life ? 
 what are you , new ? '' 
 i shake my head and tuck my feet under my butt . 
 `` life is random crap that happens . 
 you ca n't control it . '' 
 `` no , '' mel says , her voice full of conviction , `` your life is what you make it , and right now you 're letting a good life slip away . 
 this is a good chance , avery . 
 maybe it 's not the way you thought things would be , but working for miss black has been a godsend for me . 
 i would have lost my scholarship and had to crawl home . 
 no one said i 'd make it . 
 they thought i 'd burn out and fail . 
 that gave me more conviction to stay and fight . 
 i 'm not living like them . 
 i refuse . '' 
 mel folds her arms over her chest . 
 her family abused the crap out of her . 
 she was battered , neglected , and selling dime bags before she was 12 years old . 
 mel left her family as soon as she was old enough , and cut them off without looking back . 
 meanwhile , it seems that all i can do is look back . 
 if my parents were alive , this would n't even be a consideration . 
 i 'd be living at home , eating my mom 's meatballs , and having my dad fix my car when it acts up . 
 instead , my life took an unexpected turn and here i am , fending for myself before i 'm ready . 
 i 'm so not ready , but it 's sink or swim time and i 'm drowning . 
 my voice is small when i speak . 
 `` i ca n't let some guy have me and then take the money off his nightstand . 
 i ca n't get paid for sex . 
 i just ca n't . 
 i know you mean well , but - '' `` the guy does n't pay you , miss black does . 
 it feels like a date , avery , a really good date . 
 and if you took the deal they offered you , it 'd be better than that . 
 you 'd have insta-boyfriend and he 'd walk you through everything , miss virgin , which is way better than guessing , '' mel smiles sheepishly , like she 's thinking of something embarrassing . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it just does n't seem that bad to me . 
 it sounds like dating made easy ... and by the way , here 's some money . '' 
 i smile at her . 
 `` you make it sound easy . '' 
 `` it 's easier than dating . 
 you never know if the guy 's lying or where his thingie 's been . 
 and he 's just trying to get into my pants anyway . 
 this is easier . '' 
 mel smiles at me . 
 i laugh . 
 `` thingie ? 
 is that the professional terminology taught to you by the prestigious hooker co-op ? '' 
 `` co-op . 
 cute . 
 real cute . '' 
 shrugging , i grin , saying , `` i try . '' 
 `` no you do n't . 
 you 're just naturally wholesome , like butter . 
 in little quantities you 're all right , but large doses - '' `` you are so gross ! '' 
 i throw a pillow at her as she finishes the sentence . 
 we talk about random things after that . 
 i do n't want to entertain the idea of working for miss black , but it keeps jumping into my mind like a demented bunny rabbit . 
 i start to doze off and spring ! 
 there it is again . 
 and the question that bothers me most is this : would it be so bad ? 
 i 'm waiting at the stop light from hell the next night , trying to keep the car running . 
 it 's cold . 
 my breath makes little white clouds in the car as i breathe . 
 i 'm wearing an ugly old sweater over my dress , with my sneakers tied onto my feet . 
 i watch the rpms and give it more gas . 
 i feel the car shake and know that it 's going to stall out if the light does n't change soon . 
 i stare at the light , willing it to change . 
 `` change already ! 
 change , you rat bastard , change ! '' 
 the light remains red . 
 the car shudders and dies . 
 exasperated , i slam my head on the steering wheel . 
 the stoplight flips to green and the honking starts . 
 i mutter curses as people move their cars out of my lane and go around me . 
 i reach behind me and grab a can of ether from the back seat . 
 throwing the car door open , i march around to the front . 
 this is the last can and i do n't get paid for three days . 
 damn it . 
 lifting the hood , i spray the engine and sigh . 
 fml . 
 i ca n't stand this . 
 i did n't get to study as much as i needed , work sucked , and now this . 
 it 's part of my life . 
 this car symbolizes my life , the damn whole thing . 
 i stare blankly at my car as my insides twist with grief . 
 i hear his voice before i notice the bike . 
 `` so , do you come here often ? '' 
 when i slam the hood , i see those sapphire eyes and that boyish smirk . 
 motorcycle man winks at me . 
 my heart races when i think of his picture , of what he wants , and that he could do it to me if i took that job . 
 he 's wearing the helmet , so i ca n't see his hair , but i 'm sure it 's him . 
 `` you know it . 
 this is my favorite place . '' 
 i round the car and intend on driving away . 
 the guy on the bike moves out of traffic and waits for me to start the car . 
 i turn the key and engine makes an awesome noise , but it wo n't turn over . 
 i try again and again , muttering , `` this ca n't be happening . '' 
 i try one last time and know that it wo n't start . 
 i have a test at 8:00 am . 
 it 's going to take hours to get a tow truck , which i ca n't afford . 
 i lean my head against the steering wheel to gain some composure before freak out tears flood from my eyeballs . 
 my head lightly brushes against the horn . 
 the thing blares like i smacked my face on it . 
 i flinch back , jerking my hands away , but the horn continues to wail . 
 i sit there for a moment and blink before hysterical laugher works its way up my throat . 
 i kick the door open and get ready to push the car out of the lane . 
 as i throw my weight against the metal between the door and the frame of the car , motorcycle man appears next to me . 
 i feel him there , pushing with me . 
 the car is instantly lighter and it rolls forward , horn blaring . 
 i cut the wheel and turn it into a parking lot . 
 i 'm wondering if i ran his bike over . 
 i do n't see it and i sure as hell ca n't hear anything but the horn . 
 when we get the car into a parking spot , the guy steps past me , pulls the emergency brake , and disappears under the hood . 
 suddenly the horn dies , and then the hood drops . 
 `` that 's better , '' he says . 
 i 'm rubbing my arms . 
 nerves creep up my stomach and try to choke me . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 glad i was here . '' 
 i glance up at him . 
 `` me too . 
 i mean , i 'm glad i did n't have to push the car out of traffic by myself . '' 
 he 's smiling at me . 
 i let me eyes slip over his body and try not to drool . 
 my god , he 's beautiful . 
 `` like what you see ? '' 
 my face flames red as my eyes widen . 
 `` wow , you 're blunt . '' 
 `` sometimes it pays off , and other times ... '' he shrugs . 
 `` other times what ? '' 
 `` other times it gets me smacked . '' 
 he smiles wickedly at me before lifting his helmet off . 
 that dark hair is all rumpled like he 's been rolling around in bed . 
 i try not to let him get to me , but there 's something there , some carnal attraction . 
 `` mmmm . 
 well , you were out of reach . '' 
 i smirk at him and wonder what i 'm doing . 
 something 's wrong with this guy . 
 he wants a virgin hooker . 
 that 's like the biggest oxymoron ever . 
 he laughs . 
 `` what 's that look ? '' 
 `` yeah , it 's the why is this guy here when ever my car breaks down , look . '' 
 `` hmmm , and i thought i left my crazy stalker helmet at home . 
 is this the one with the warning label ? '' 
 he flips his helmet around and pretends to look at it . 
 the corners of my mouth pull up , but i try not to smile . 
 i do n't want to react to him . 
 i want him to walk away and leave me alone . 
 no , that 's a lie . 
 i want to know what 's wrong with him , why he wants a hooker . 
 i ca n't help it , i laugh . 
 `` you forgot to take your meds , dude . '' 
 `` is it that obvious ? 
 and here i thought i was just being a good citizen , stopping and helping the crazy girl with the spray-start car . '' 
 he 's smiling at me and steps closer . 
 my heart tries to jump up my throat and run down the street . 
 i ca n't swallow . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 when did it get so hot out here ? 
 `` stalking is n't usually considered being a good citizen , in fact , it 's kind of frowned upon . '' 
 i have no idea what i 'm saying . 
 i just want to hear his voice and see that smile . 
 he presses his hand to his heart like i 've wounded him . 
 `` is it , now ? 
 i thought helping a damsel in distress was chivalry . '' 
 i laugh at that . 
 `` chivalry ? 
 i think you mean being creepy . '' 
 `` you know what i think , spray-start car girl ? '' 
 he steps closer to me and looks down into my eyes . 
 `` i think you 're enjoying this conversation . '' 
 `` i have no idea what you 're talking about motorcycle man . 
 where is your bike , by the way ? '' 
 he jabs his thumb in the air back to the intersection where i stalled . 
 the bike is fine . 
 `` thank god . 
 i thought it was stuck under my fender . '' 
 `` that bike would have eaten your fender . '' 
 `` would it now ? '' 
 a gust of cold air blows my hair away from my face . 
 motorcycle man 's eyes drink me in before he nods . 
 `` indeed . '' 
 his voice is rich . 
 it slips over me and i shiver . 
 our eyes lock and i ca n't look away . 
 we stare at each other even though we 've run out of things to say . 
 the wind whips a curl over my lips . 
 he lifts a hand and tucks the hair behind my ear . 
 after a second he breaks the trance . 
 `` we need to call you a tow truck . '' 
 `` no , '' i say a little too strongly . 
 he glances at me . 
 i explain , `` i 'll come get it tomorrow . 
 it just needs to sit . 
 i probably flooded the engine . '' 
 it 's the only thing i can think to say . 
 instead of calling me on it , motorcycle man nods and says , `` then , let me take you home . '' 
 i stare at him for a moment , a wisp of a smile skirts across my mouth . 
 `` ah , but then you 'll know where i live , and i do n't think we should encourage your stalker habits . '' 
 `` i can be more of a bastard , if you like . 
 i could drive away and leave you here in the cold , but then i would n't be around to reap the rewards of my actions . 
 let 's just cut to the chase , miss. . . '' 
 `` smith , '' i lie , not wanting to give him my name . 
 he gives me a crooked grin , like he knows that 's not my name , `` very well , miss smith . 
 how about i take you to the general area you 'd like to be dropped off . 
 if that 's too creepy , i could call you a cab , but you 're likely to get someone way creepier than me . '' 
 he 's smiling at me , and it 's a perfect smile . 
 looking into his eyes , i say , `` tell me your name . '' 
 he looks surprised for a second and then says , `` mr. jones . '' 
 the corner of my mouth tugs up slowly . 
 he 's lying . 
 we 're both demented lunatics because we both seem to like it . 
 `` mr. jones , will you please drop me off at frist and lexington ? '' 
 `` by the college ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yup . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i was headed that direction anyway . '' 
 `` you were not , '' i say and follow him to his bike . 
 suddenly i notice my dress and sneakers , and my total lack of the correct kind of clothing . 
 the dress is sheer . 
 it 'll blow up to my waist again . 
 plus i have no jacket and the weave on this sweater is so lose you could throw a rock through the holes . 
 as if he can read my thoughts , mr. jones opens a saddle bag and tosses me a jacket . 
 it 's some kind of microfiber . 
 i slip it on . 
 it 's thin , but it 's warm . 
 i swing my leg over the back of the bike and tuck my skirt in as tightly as possible . 
 he feels me moving around after starting the bike . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 `` hold on . 
 i 'm trying to get my skirt to stay up . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` that sounds so wrong . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i bet you wish i was flashing you right now instead of all the cars driving by . '' 
 he looks over his shoulder at me before flipping his visor shut and says , `` i can feel your thighs around me . 
 i 'm good . '' 
 before i can say anything , the bike jerks forward and cuts into traffic . 
 i cling to his back and tighten my knees against his sides . 
 bastard . 
 mr. jones slows the bike in a semicircle at the front of campus . 
 half frozen , i slip off the back and jump up and down trying to warm myself . 
 the skin on my face and legs is totally numb . 
 i ca n't feel anything . 
 he lifts his helmet off and says , `` sorry i did n't have pants . '' 
 `` if you had spare pants , i do n't think we could be friends . '' 
 i shiver and rub my hands over my arms . 
 he smiles at me , sets the helmet on his seat , and walks over to me . 
 my heart slams into my ribs and i stop jittering like a chihuahua . 
 the way he does it is smooth , slow . 
 each step toward me makes my heart pound harder . 
 his eyes lock with mine and make me melt . 
 the playful smile on his lips makes me want to know him more . 
 before he does it , i know i want his arms around me , so that when they slip around my waist , it feels good . 
 he 's so warm and smells like heaven . 
 his scent hits me hard and i ca n't help but inhale deeper . 
 his fingers brush against my cheek as he slips his hand into my hair . 
 pulse pounding violently , i remain transfixed by his eyes . 
 he lures me in , so slowly , and right before our lips touch , he stops . 
 his dark lashes lower and he hesitates . 
 i feel his breath slip across my lips in a warm rush . 
 he breathes , `` sorry , '' and pulls away . 
 every inch of my body wanted that kiss . 
 i do n't know what happened . 
 i blink and look away . 
 his hands slip from my body and the cold air makes me shiver . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 i ask , unable to let it go . 
 i do n't want to beg for a kiss , but i ca n't let it slide . 
 his eyes flick up . 
 he holds my gaze for a moment and a surge of heat passes between us . 
 i want to reach out and pull him into my arms . 
 the way he looks at me , the way his shoulders slump forward , makes him look beaten , like he needs me . 
 the reasonable part of my brains asks , are you insane ? 
 she 's so annoying . 
 it 's just a kiss and yes , i am . 
 shut up . 
 he smiles sadly at me and kicks something on the ground with his boot . 
 `` nothing , it 's just that i do n't even know your name , and then i try to kiss you after you had the worst day of your life . 
 that 's kind of scummy of me . '' 
 `` the worst day of my life was yesterday , if you 're basing your decisions facts . '' 
 i step toward him , wondering if this is a game and that i 'm being played . 
 `` and my name is ... '' rationality says not to tell him , but i like him . 
 he 's more than attractive , there 's more there . 
 `` avery . '' 
 he looks at me and says , `` sean . '' 
 i smile , saying , `` sean jones , chivalrous motorcycle man with only one pair of pants . '' 
 he laughs and i smile in response . 
 i step closer to him and look up into his crystal blue eyes . 
 i take his jacket in my hands and pull him to me . 
 sean does n't hesitate this time . 
 when i press my lips to his , he kisses me back . 
 it 's so sweet and gentle that i want to die . 
 that kiss makes every part of me feel light , like i 'll float away . 
 when his hands find my face , he holds me gently , trailing his finger along my jaw and back into my hair . 
 it 's a sweet kiss , a chaste kiss , but it leaves me breathless and wanting more . 
 sean steps away from me and reaches for his helmet . 
 `` your kiss is addictive , avery smith . '' 
 i smile at the use of my fake last name , and at the way he says he likes my lips . 
 `` likewise . '' 
 i do n't know what i think will happen next , but when sean turns to leave , my heart falls into my shoes . 
 that 's it ? 
 he 's leaving ? 
 i do n't get it . 
 the only thing that i can think is that he does n't want me . 
 dejected , i step up onto the sidewalk . 
 i turn away from him and start to head toward my dorm . 
 `` miss smith , '' he calls after me and i turn around . 
 a gust of wind catches my hair , making the long dark strands streak like inky streamers against the sky . 
 `` it 's been a delightful evening . '' 
 he grins at me before flipping his visor shut . 
 the engine on his bike roars and he 's gone . 
 i do n't mean to , but i watch him leave until the taillight is lost in traffic . 
 what am i doing ? 
 i 'm infatuated with a guy that wants hookers , rather than women . 
 women can be hookers too , genius . 
 i have no idea what i think about anything anymore . 
 my life is changing . 
 i feel the telltale tilt as my world shifts to one side . 
 the question is , what am i going to do about it ? 
 `` technically , you passed , '' mel says to me as we walk toward our next class . 
 she looks sleek , with her dark suit and short skirt . 
 i 'd die to have her shoes . 
 they 're so cute . 
 mentally , i feel like my brain already vacated my body . 
 i sense it happening - i 'm switching to survival mode . 
 funny , i thought i was already in survival mode , but i was n't . 
 not fully . 
 the thick air , the unblinking eyes , the way the wind stings as it whips by my face . 
 i remember how this feels , how my entire body seems to shut down just to make it to tomorrow . 
 i 'm not breathing . 
 my lips are pressed into a thin line and my jaw locks . 
 i feel mel 's hand on my shoulder , but it does n't register beyond that . 
 i hear her voice , but all i can think is that i 'm screwed . 
 if i lose my scholarship , i have no home - no future . 
 i ask the question before i think about it , `` do morals matter ? '' 
 mel raises a perfect eyebrow and glances at me . 
 `` are we having a philosophical discussion here , or are you asking something more specific ? '' 
 `` what 's their purpose ? 
 i always thought morality was there to guide us , to help us . 
 what happens when it does n't help ? 
 what happens when it 's just in the way ? '' 
 i do n't wait to hear the answers . 
 i already know what morals are for . 
 i took that class . 
 i know my heart and my mind . 
 i ca n't sell my body . 
 it 's fundamentally wrong , but there 's a tiny thought that brushes through my head when i consider it that seems to think surviving is all that matters . 
 there 's part of me that 's machiavellian and does n't care what the cost is to get what i want , but is that so bad ? 
 i just want to live . 
 i want the life that i had before . 
 it was n't much , but it was mine . 
 now , it 's gone . 
 i swallow hard and take off running . 
 i run away from mel and away from class . 
 i run away from everyone and everything . 
 i need to think . 
 i knew this was happening . 
 for the past few weeks things have gotten harder . 
 my life is slipping away . 
 i can feel it shifting beneath my feet like sand . 
 i 'm sick of it . 
 i 'm sick of everything . 
 i hear mel 's voice behind me , but she does n't chase after me . 
 no one does . 
 i 'm alone . 
 in a city of millions , on a campus of thousands , in a courtyard of hundreds - i 'm alone . 
 breathless , i clutch my books to my chest and run to the other side of campus , away from the dorms , away from my books and classes . 
 i stop at the base of the tunnel that runs under the highway . 
 i hate going this way . 
 the cement tunnel stretches under the street to keep kids from becoming road-kill , but it creeps me out . 
 i enter the tunnel and walk down the sidewalk , listening to the sound of car engines running and horns blaring . 
 i turn the corner at the end of the underpass and am back out on the street . 
 i walk a little further and head into a diner , and grab a booth . 
 a waiter brings me a cup of coffee before i open my books and look at the test . 
 a big fat 69 is written in red ink on the cover , a d . 
 this grade will destroy me . 
 it was n't that i do n't understand what i read ; it was that i did n't have time to commit the material to memory . 
 i stare at the paper , at the numbers and the rounded sweep of the prof 's handwriting . 
 i feel like the answers are here . 
 one class stands between me and my future . 
 one class . 
 one grade . 
 one professor . 
 my fingers twiddle the corner of the page as i stare at it . 
 after all this time , this is what breaks me - a fucking grade . 
 it 's not fair . 
 life 's not fair . 
 it 's hard , too hard to manage alone . 
 i slip the test out of the way , moving it next to me , and grab onto the coffee cup . 
 i watch people as they walk in and out , wondering if their life is as fucked up as mine . 
 i wonder if things turned out remotely the way they 'd planned . 
 no matter what i choose , i have a home until the summer . 
 then , i can appeal when they pull my scholarship , but the university usually does n't grant appeals . 
 the scholarship is too valuable . 
 they 'd rather grant the money to someone who does n't work , someone who has family to help them pay for everything else . 
 i do n't have those things . 
 i stare into space as i sip my coffee . 
 miss black 's words echo in my head , it 's only one guy . 
 and i 've met him . 
 it 's a hot guy with quite kissable lips . 
 a familiar voice startles me . 
 `` cutting class ? 
 ooooh , you 're gon na get in trouble . '' 
 marty masterson , slides into the booth opposite me , still grinning . 
 he 's my lab partner this semester and is nosy beyond belief . 
 i quickly slap my hand over my test and try to slip it off the tabletop , but marty already saw it . 
 he snatches it before i can say anything . 
 his eyes flash with concern as he looks up at me . 
 `` avery , holy crap . 
 are you all right ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 he holds the paper in his fist and questions me like a parent would . 
 i snatch it back and shove it next to me in the booth . 
 `` work happened . 
 life happened . 
 sometimes shit happens . '' 
 `` but you do n't get any do-overs , '' he looks concerned . 
 marty takes off his scarf and puts it next to him . 
 he 's wearing a corduroy jacket and looks like he belongs in the 70 's with that mop of a haircut . 
 but he 's kind to me and always has been . 
 i just ca n't stand the look on his face , like he pity 's me , like i 'm already dead . 
 `` avery ... '' `` i 'm already aware of my screwedness , so unless you have something else to talk about - '' socially oblivious is a good way to describe marty . 
 he seems like he 's gay , but has n't said anything about it . 
 i have n't seen him with another guy or a girl . 
 he touches too much , but it never feels sexual . 
 he seems like a large old lady in some ways . 
 like the exaggerated way he moves his head and his hands when he talks . 
 `` i do n't , but you ca n't seriously think about tossing me back out in the cold without a cup of joe ? '' 
 he smiles at me and flags the waiter to order a cup . 
 `` i suppose not . '' 
 as the waiter comes over and pours black coffee into a bone white mug , marty looks at me with pity in his eyes . 
 `` stop it . '' 
 i say . 
 `` stop what ? 
 stop fretting for you ? 
 because that 's not going to happen . 
 what are you going to do ? 
 quit work ? 
 that 's what you have to do , right ? '' 
 `` i ca n't eat if i quit . 
 as it is , this coffee is out of my price range . '' 
 i slouch and sink back into the seat . 
 `` i 'll buy your coffee , but honey , you ca n't lose that scholarship . 
 next to nobody gets it and no one ever keeps it . 
 the gpa requirements are insane . 
 it looks good on paper , but holding those numbers for the entire length of your degree plan is - '' `` insane . 
 i know , but it is what it is . '' 
 my dad used to say that . 
 i smile weakly and look at my coffee . 
 it 's black . 
 no sugar . 
 no cream . 
 100 % bitter , like my life . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` no idea . 
 i guess i 'm not cut out for this . '' 
 i do n't mean it , but i feel like taking a pity trip , but marty does n't let me . 
 `` no sir . 
 do n't you dare start talking like that . 
 you 're nearly done . 
 it makes no sense to give up now . 
 maybe you can shift your work schedule to give you later hours ? 
 you can study in the morning and - '' `` and never sleep . 
 yeah , i tried that . 
 it 's not a good long term plan . 
 there 's nothing ... '' my words fall off my tongue . 
 i stare at marty , wondering what he would do - if he would take a job like the one i was offered if it would save him . 
 `` marty , how far would you go if you were me ? 
 i mean , if there was a way for me to stay here , but it was ... '' my lips twitch as i search for the right word . 
 he does n't even let me finish . 
 `` i 'd tell you to do whatever it takes . 
 hell , sell pot to freshmen if you have to , but do n't leave . 
 once you leave , there 's no way you 're coming back . 
 if you give this up , it means you settled for a life you did n't want . '' 
 he looks at me oddly , his thick hand strokes his stubbled chin . 
 marty has that linebacker look with thick blonde hair and buttery brown eyes . 
 basically , he 's a teddy bear with uber good perception . 
 i do n't look at him . 
 i stare at the table and wish there was something else that i 'd not thought of . 
 after a moment of silence , i ask , `` so , you 'd understand if i did something stupid to stay here ? '' 
 he smirks , `` as long as you do n't get caught . '' 
 maybe i 'm asking the wrong person ? 
 i look at him for a moment before saying , `` so , you 'd do anything , as long as you did n't get caught ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 he lifts his cup to his lips , and pauses , `` but not livestock . '' 
 i laugh . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 today sucked . 
 `` you 're such an ass . '' 
 `` i ca n't help it . 
 i 've got a naturally assy thing going on . '' 
 he shrugs and smiles at me . 
 leaning forward he says , `` cheers , baby , '' and clinks his cup against mine . 
 `` here 's to you finding the perfect opportunity . '' 
 a few more days pass and i know i 'm killing time . 
 i twist the card miss black gave me , eyeing the phone number like it has teeth . 
 nerves twist my stomach into knots . 
 stop thinking , i scold myself and press the digits into my phone . 
 miss black answers on the second ring . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i find my voice . 
 `` apparently , you can . 
 i want to know what 's next , if i accept your offer . '' 
 i know miss black knows who i am , that she expected me to ring her . 
 `` pictures , blood tests , and setting up a profile page is the next step . 
 all of that is done here . 
 come in tomorrow night at 7:00 pm and do n't be late . '' 
 the line goes dead . 
 i look at the phone cradled in my hand . 
 this is my choice . 
 i choose not to sleep in a box . 
 i choose to keep a roof over my head . 
 i choose to be a. . . 
 mentally , i pause . 
 i still ca n't admit it , not even to myself . 
 i dress quickly and run out of the apartment before dennis tries to talk to me . 
 he 's amber 's boyfriend , a short , stocky looking guy that flirts with anything that breathes . 
 i ca n't stand him . 
 the only person who irritates me more is amber . 
 i tug a sweater over my head and pull on my sneakers . 
 i lace them , hopping on my foot and practically running for the door . 
 amber is n't here , but she gave her boyfriend a key . 
 of course , she did n't ask me . 
 i try not to think about it and make a beeline for the door . 
 dennis is standing at the kitchen counter wearing nothing but a smile . 
 seriously . 
 pants , man ! 
 put some clothes on . 
 he starts to say something to me . 
 i do n't look at him . 
 `` not now , dennis ! 
 and i swear to god , if you do n't start wearing clothes when amber is n't around , i 'm going to put crazy glue on your favorite seat and laugh my ass off when yours is stuck to the sofa . '' 
 `` harsh . 
 i 'm just - '' he says as i slam the door behind me and cut off his sentence . 
 the guy is an idiot . 
 he flirts with everyone and everything , and to top it off , he thinks walking around naked should be a sport . 
 maybe it should be , but not for him and not in my apartment . 
 i 'm dressed comfortably tonight . 
 i have to hitch a ride to get my car . 
 i 'm hoping it 's still there and the place did n't tow it during the day . 
 mel picks me up downstairs . 
 `` hey , you ready ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah , i could n't be more ready . '' 
 i walk around to the passenger side and slip into her car . 
 mel starts the car and stashes her purse in the back seat . 
 `` dennis ? '' 
 she asks as i buckle up and she pulls into traffic . 
 i nod . 
 `` naked ? '' 
 i nod again . 
 `` that fool needs to wear pants . '' 
 `` i told him that i 'd glue his ass to the couch if he does n't cut it out . '' 
 mel snort laughs and cuts someone off . 
 they blare their horn at her . 
 mel flips the driver off and bobs and weaves through the cars like a race car driver . 
 `` i bet he took that well . '' 
 `` i did n't stick around to find out . '' 
 `` uh huh , and with good reason . '' 
 mel drives me to my car . 
 she looks around like she wants to ask me something , but she does n't . 
 the parking lot is about half filled . 
 my car blends in , well , as much as it normally does anyway . 
 thank god it was n't towed . 
 i slip out and thank her . 
 `` i 'll see you later tonight . '' 
 `` good deal . 
 there 's a party at mack 's . 
 you planning on stopping by ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 the wind picks up and blows my hair . 
 i tuck a strand behind my ear . 
 `` ca n't . 
 got ta study . '' 
 she nods . 
 `` you 're not going to work tonight , are you ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` nah , actually i 'm going to give notice . 
 i 've had another job offer and i decided to take it . '' 
 i feel nervous and excited at the same time . 
 if she was n't beaming at me , i would n't have been able to say it . 
 mel makes a high pitched noise that sounds like a squirrel being hit with a tennis racket . 
 she bounces up and down in her seat . 
 `` you told black yes ? 
 ah ! 
 i ca n't believe it ! 
 make sure to add goodie-two-shoes to your profile . 
 guys like that kind of wholesome - hey ! 
 what are you ... ? '' 
 i slam the door shut and smile at her . 
 i wave my fingers at her through the window and hear some choice words through the glass . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 i 'll see you later , foul mouth , '' i say , grinning . 
 the window slides down . 
 `` goodie-two-shoes is gon na be your new nickname . '' 
 `` funny . 
 and i thought you 'd go with something more classic . '' 
 i smirk at her and she shakes her head . 
 her hoop earrings sway back and forth as her mouth drops open . 
 `` i 'm saving those for later . '' 
 mel shoots a knowing look at me . 
 it makes my stomach dip , like i have no idea what i 'm in for . 
 `` when are they doing your kit ? '' 
 `` tomorrow night . '' 
 `` i 'm so coming ! '' 
 i fold my arms over my chest and tilt my head to the side . 
 `` fine , as long as you do n't make it weirder , because it 's already weird . '' 
 `` yeah , i - '' mel 's eyes fixate on something behind me . 
 she stops talking and has a strange look on her face . 
 a familiar voice fills my ears and my body reacts . 
 `` avery ? '' 
 i turn slowly and see sean walking up behind me . 
 mel 's eyebrows lifts so high they 're about to slip off her face . 
 `` is that - ? '' 
 i give her a look that says shut up . 
 `` no . '' 
 sean stops next to mel 's window and stands in front of me . 
 `` long time no see , hot lips . '' 
 my face flames red . 
 mel 's mouth opens , making an audible holy crap sound . 
 i turn to her and tap my hand on the door . 
 `` better get going . 
 i 'll catch up with you later . '' 
 code : go away right now and if you say anything , i swear to god , i 'll break your face . 
 of course , mel says something . 
 `` so , hot lips ? 
 meaning you 've already sampled the goods ? '' 
 `` something like that , '' sean says smiling . 
 i take his hand and pull him away from her car . 
 `` get your ass home , mel . 
 i 'll see you later . '' 
 i keep my hand in sean 's and pull him back toward my car , as mel pulls out of the parking lot . 
 i know she did n't want to leave , but i 'm relieved she did . 
 nervously , i jabber , trying to fill the holes in my head . 
 i feel like i 'm hemorrhaging words . 
 they keep coming until sean stops me . 
 when i reach for my car door , he stops me , and turns me toward him . 
 reaching for my face , he tilts my chin up and looks into my eyes . 
 i freeze . 
 my heart pounds harder and harder . 
 i think it might explode . 
 a shiver slips down my spine . 
 sean says , `` there are very few things that captivate me as much as you do . '' 
 his eyes drift toward my lips before lifting to meet my gaze . 
 butterflies fill my stomach . 
 an insane compulsion to giggle washes over me , but i manage to subdue it to a smile . 
 `` insane compliments will get you insane answers . '' 
 i feel the grin stretching across my face . 
 `` let 's keep our feet firmly planted in reality . '' 
 `` all right . 
 how about this ? 
 i have never , ever met someone that draws me in the way you do . 
 it 's everything - the way your hair sways when you walk , the curve of your hips at your thigh , the sound of your voice , the way your eyes dart away when i compliment you - like no one has ever told you how beautiful you are - everything about you is enticing . 
 like a moth to a flame . '' 
 `` ah , it 's cliche time . '' 
 sean touches my cheek with his hand , slowly slipping his warm fingers across my skin . 
 my stomach twists into knots . 
 i want to lean into him , but i do n't . 
 my eyes close as he does it . 
 i ca n't hide how much i like his touch . 
 his voice pulls my gaze back to his lips . 
 `` there are only so many ways to tell a woman she 's beautiful . 
 i 'm bound to run into a few cliches from time to time . '' 
 i smile shyly , like i do n't believe he finds me that attractive and turn my face away . 
 it breaks the contact with his hand . 
 i wish i had n't done it , but i ca n't feel like this about him . 
 he 's going to be something else , someone else . 
 this ca n't happen . 
 i open the car door and slip into the seat . 
 i dig the key out of my purse and stick it into the ignition and twist . 
 i feel like i 'm forgetting something . 
 sean makes my brains melt and i ca n't think . 
 the car does n't start . 
 it does n't even try to turn over . 
 ugh , slacker car from hell . 
 `` you forgot the magic spray , '' he says softly through the cracked window . 
 sean holds up a can of ether and walks to the front of the car . 
 he lifts the hood and sprays . 
 i hear his voice a second later . 
 `` now try . '' 
 i gas it and turn the key . 
 the engine sputters to life . 
 sean walks back around to my window . 
 i roll it down half way , where it gets stuck . 
 sean slips me the can . 
 `` i thought you might need that . '' 
 smiling at him coyly , i ask , `` are you stalking me , mr. jones ? '' 
 sean shakes his head and leans against the roof of the car . 
 when he does it , he moves in closer to me and i catch his scent . 
 it fills my head and i inhale deeper . 
 `` quite the contrary , miss smith . 
 i go out of my way to avoid you , however , you keep appearing right in front of my favorite diner at various hours doing all sorts of strange things . 
 it 's difficult to ignore you . '' 
 `` strange things ? '' 
 i grin . 
 `` such as ? '' 
 `` you have a spray start car , for starters . 
 that 's not something i see every day . 
 second , you chased your car after getting it jacked , which was something , especially since you had every intention of getting your car back . 
 when you consider that the car has no monetary value , it makes me wonder why you 'd risk your life for it . 
 and after much consideration , i 've decided you 've filled the tires with gold and that is the reason why you could n't possible part with this beast , and it also explains why you go through ether cans like hairspray . '' 
 i blink at him . 
 am i strange ? 
 when did that happen ? 
 the image of using ether as hairspray enters my mind and i laugh like a hyena . 
 `` you pegged me , good citizen . 
 thank you for watching my golden goose while i was away at school , failing my tests . 
 i shall reward you greatly . '' 
 i 'm joking , not thinking about what i ' saying as i say it . 
 sean 's smile slips . 
 `` and what reward will that be ? '' 
 `` you 'll have to wait and see . '' 
 sean straightens and steps away from the car so that i can pull out of the parking spot . 
 i 've been revving the car engine every few seconds to keep it running . 
 exhaust fumes fill the cold air , making white smoke . 
 he says , `` i 'll see you around , hot lips . '' 
 `` oh , you have no idea . '' 
 grinning , i pull my car out of the parking lot and head back to the dorm . 
 i 'll quit tomorrow . 
 right then , i felt so good and everything was going right for a change . 
 i did n't want to mess it up . 
 mel asks , `` but where did he come from ? 
 all of a sudden , i looked up and he was just there . 
 poof ! '' 
 mel makes imaginary sparkles with her hands , like she 's a magician . 
 `` and correct me if i 'm wrong , but he looks a little bit familiar . 
 i would have sworn that i 'd seen him somewhere before . '' 
 we are sitting in her dorm room . 
 her roommate is out and mel is bouncing up and down with excitement . 
 she walks across the room and flops on her bed . 
 i sit in the comfy chair opposite her and pull my feet under my butt . 
 `` mel , i do n't know where he came from . 
 sean seems to haunt that corner like a ghost . 
 the first time i met him , he rode up next to me on a motorcycle and helped me get my car back . 
 it was the night i was carjacked . '' 
 her grin widens . 
 `` he 's hot and he 's chivalrous ? 
 jackpot ! '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , not jackpot . 
 he 's messed up . 
 sean looks familiar because his picture is in the book at miss black 's . 
 he was the one who wanted a virgin . '' 
 i do n't know what i think about that . 
 he seems normal without that piece of information . 
 mel starts to say something , but her mouth hangs open . 
 it 's like the words evaporated or something . 
 i lift a brow at her , like i told you so . 
 a snarky expression flashes across her face , `` do n't go giving me that look . 
 everyone is fucked up to some extent . '' 
 `` this one seems more so than others . '' 
 a memory slips into my mind . 
 i can see sean 's eyes and feel them on me . 
 it makes me heart race . 
 i hate that i have that reaction to him . 
 and his lips ... shut up ! 
 i scold myself . 
 i add , `` besides , most guys do n't go looking for hookers . '' 
 mel holds up a finger and corrects me . 
 `` call girls , high priced call girls . 
 there 's a difference . '' 
 like i should know that . 
 i snort . 
 `` yeah , meaning the guys have money . '' 
 `` well , that 's a difference , '' mel says like it 's a valid point . 
 she locks eyes with me and says , `` so , let me get this straight . 
 this really hot guy offers to help you when some asshole steals your car , you accept his help , you guys get your car back , and then what ? '' 
 i nod as she speaks , affirming her conclusions . 
 `` then , nothing . 
 we said good-bye . 
 i do n't have time to date and sean did n't seem interested , but then i saw him again . 
 and again . 
 he brought me home last night after i flooded the engine trying to start my car . '' 
 i have that vacant look in my eye that tells her that i 'm remembering more than i 'm saying . 
 `` and ... '' she prompts , prodding me with her eyes . 
 i shrug , not wanting to tell her about the kiss . 
 `` and nothing . 
 he 's fucked up . 
 you said so yourself . 
 i can do damaged , but not - '' mel starts laughing and i have no idea why . 
 she 's lying on her back on the bed and actually kicks her feet over her head and holds her stomach as she shakes with laughter . 
 as usual , i have no idea what 's so funny . 
 thinking quickly , i wonder what i missed , but do n't see it . 
 i throw a thick pillow across the room and it slaps into her thigh . 
 mel rolls upright and wipes a tear from her eye . 
 still smiling way too big , she says , `` holy shit ! 
 that 's why you took the job with miss black ! 
 you like him . '' 
 she 's grinning at me now . 
 suddenly mel regains her composure . 
 seriously , she asks , `` tell me , avery , what are you planning to do when you meet him as miss black 's girl ? 
 pretend that you 're someone else ? 
 pretend that nothing ever happened ? 
 or are you planning on using the surprise ! 
 method of scaring the crap out of the guy ? 
 ya know , cakes are n't part of our mo. '' i rub a finger to my temple . 
 i did n't really think about that part . 
 `` i thought he 'd just gloss over it . '' 
 `` you 're kind of hard to forget . 
 you seriously think he 'll act like he does n't know you ? 
 who 's mental now ? '' 
 mel folds her arms across her chest and gives me a look . 
 i make a strangled sound and bury my face in a pillow . 
 okay , maybe this is a bad plan . 
 when i look up i say , `` i am , obviously . '' 
 i take a deep breath and ask , `` what do i do with this ? 
 who signs up for this and has sex with a guy that she already knows ? '' 
 `` no one . 
 there 's a rule . 
 miss black is strict with it . 
 there are no extra relationships outside work when you 're with her company . '' 
 `` why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free ? '' 
 mel blinks at me . 
 `` what fucking cow ? 
 we 're talking about you . 
 white folks are so messed up . '' 
 she shakes her head and looks up at me , totally serious . 
 `` if you work for black , you have no relationships outside of work . 
 there are no real names , no addresses . 
 everything is done at hotels . 
 the entire point is anonymity and the guy gets whatever fantasy he wants fulfilled . 
 you kind of messed that up since you already know him . '' 
 a jolt of panic shoots through me . 
 i lean forward in the chair . 
 `` i do n't really know him , '' i stammer , `` i mean , i do n't know his last name , where he lives , i do n't know anything about him besides that he 's hot and has a motorcycle . '' 
 mel holds up a hand and cuts me off . 
 `` what , you think i 'm gon na rat you out ? 
 get real , chica . 
 i 'm trying to help you . 
 do n't mention any of that to miss black and stay away from sean outside of work . 
 he knows the rules as well as you do . 
 besides , if he breaks them , i hear black has a security team that breaks his legs . '' 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 she nods . 
 `` there 's a lot of money in this business , enough to keep us safe and keep the guys from turning into stalkers . 
 no one messes with us . '' 
 no one speaks for a moment . 
 mel 's amber gaze lifts and meets mine . 
 `` are you really going to do it ? '' 
 my voice barely comes out . 
 `` i have to . 
 there are n't other options . 
 rent is astronomical and some temp job will render me homeless faster than i can blink . 
 i did the math . 
 i 'm screwed . 
 i might as well accept this as fate and go with it . '' 
 `` fate ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yeah , if it was n't him - if i never met sean - i could n't have gone through with it . 
 as it is , i feel sick . '' 
 she smiles weakly at me . 
 `` i know what you mean , but do n't worry , it 'll pass and i 'll help you through it . '' 
 the photo shoot is n't what i thought it would be . 
 there 's a photographer - an older guy with a huge black camera - and miss black . 
 we start by taking pictures of me clothed . 
 they take a few headshots and then move onto full figure shots . 
 i 'm wearing jeans and a clingy sweater . 
 i look young . 
 my hair falls down my back in thick waves . 
 they set my curls before we started the shoot . 
 i feel silly . 
 that 's the best word for it . 
 i have trouble loosening up until miss black gets me talking . 
 then , things go better . 
 i feel more at ease . 
 i laugh . 
 they put me in a few different outfits and the final outfit is a skin tight black dress . 
 the back is extremely low and dips past the small of my back . 
 the dress is like a second skin . 
 every imperfection i have stands out and i feel like a fat hobo . 
 `` this ca n't possibly look good . '' 
 i say , pulling at the dress . 
 miss black swats my hands away and says , `` you have no idea how stunning you are , do you ? 
 the dress fits perfectly , and what you think is fat are feminine curves . 
 without them you 'd be a broom handle , so stop fidgeting and go sit over there . '' 
 miss black points to a corner with a bench in front of a bank of windows . 
 the city scape is behind me . 
 the photographer moves his gear to the new location . 
 it 's the only shot that is n't on a backdrop . 
 i sit down and smooth the dress . 
 i start to tug down the hem , but miss black , says , `` leave it . 
 turn toward the city , avery . 
 look out the window and pull your hair over your shoulder . '' 
 i finally understand what they are doing . 
 i twist toward the glass and flip my hair over my shoulder . 
 it sweeps all to one side . 
 i glance back at them . 
 it 's a more natural shot , like they 're taking the picture of me when i do n't know it . 
 the photographer stands behind me with the camera to his face . 
 i hear the shutter click . 
 i glance at miss black for guidance , but she does n't give any so i turn back to the glass . 
 i lift my hand and touch the cold window pane with my finger , staring blankly at the city . 
 i do n't smile . 
 i feel lost . 
 my life is nothing like i thought it would be . 
 i wish i 'd gone with my parents that night . 
 i wish i was n't left here alone . 
 i watch the red and white lights race by below . 
 life seems so fleeting , so pointless . 
 i take a breath in and look back over my shoulder . 
 the shutter snaps capturing the haunted look in my eyes . 
 miss black has her fingers on her chin like she 's pleased . 
 `` very good , avery . 
 you 're done with this part of the kit . 
 we 'll do your blood work and fill out the rest of your papers . '' 
 i nod , surprised that there are n't more damning photographs taken . 
 as if she could sense my thoughts , miss black says , `` we do n't do nude pictures . 
 the joy of seeing the woman in the flesh for the first time is part of the package . 
 the rest of the pictures are to give an idea of your personality , likes and dislikes . '' 
 `` but you did n't ask me any of that . '' 
 `` i know . 
 you 'll be the girl we tell you to be , which is very close to your natural inclinations anyway . '' 
 i nod . 
 i do n't care anymore . 
 i change out of the dress and put my jeans and sweater back on . 
 when we get to the paperwork that i saw the first time i was here , i do n't know what to check off . 
 i 've never done any of it , so how am i supposed to know what i will do or wo n't do . 
 i 'm sitting at the same small table at the back of the cubicles . 
 the place is empty again . 
 i wonder if anyone is ever here , besides miss black . 
 i look at the paper and blink . 
 miss black sits next to me with a cup of coffee . 
 it 's black . 
 she hands it to me . 
 i sit up and take it . 
 miss black pulls the papers in front of her . 
 `` i have an idea . 
 why do n't we write on here that this sheet will be modified as experience is accumulated ? '' 
 `` that 's fine for future , er - dates , but what about now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` treat it like a normal relationship and tell him when to stop . '' 
 `` but if there are no hard boundaries ... '' `` you lose some of the protection afforded by the rules . 
 i know what you 're thinking , but it 's impossible to know what another woman will like or what she wo n't tolerate . 
 there are some things here that i thought i would never do , and that i 've grown to enjoy . '' 
 i must give her a weird look because she leans forward and touches my hand , saying , `` do n't misunderstand . 
 i want you to feel comfortable , so let 's put a progression on here that way he ca n't skip to the kinky stuff without doing the normal stuff first . 
 is that all right ? '' 
 i nod . 
 this is so weird . 
 miss black smiles and writes it on the paper . 
 `` good . 
 i think this lines up with mr. ferro 's preferences anyway . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 i ask , wiggling to the front of my seat . 
 `` mr. ferro , the man who i wanted to pair you with . '' 
 miss black stands and retrieves the large book from the other night . 
 she flips it open and it 's everything i can do to not react . 
 it 's sean . 
 pictures of sean , his preference sheet , his description of what he finds attractive , and more . 
 `` do n't be afraid , avery . 
 it 's only a binder . 
 take it and look . '' 
 i do as she says , and pull the binder in front of me . 
 mr. ferro . 
 sean ferro . 
 there is no first name on the sheets . 
 miss black explains how they only use formal names , that i am to call him mr. ferro . 
 i wonder if that name is real or not . 
 i wonder why he came in here , why a handsome man like sean would want this . 
 i touch a picture , looking at his eyes . 
 my gaze drifts to his lips and i feel a zing float through my stomach . 
 i blink hard to crush the memory and turn the page looking for answers , but there are none . 
 it showcases a man that seems beautiful and normal . 
 sean wrote that he prefers a woman with little experience so that he can take the time to teach her . 
 what 's that about ? 
 altruism at its finest . 
 he wants other guys to have better sex , so he teaches the new girl the ropes . 
 that makes no sense . 
 none of this does . 
 there 's a disconnect between this file and the guy i know . 
 a voice at the back of my mind says , maybe you do n't know him at all . 
 my heart is banging into my ribs so hard that i think they might crack . 
 i step out of the shower and towel off . 
 amber is screeching like a skewered cat as her headboard bangs into the wall . 
 i so do n't want to hear this , but i had to be home to get ready to go out . 
 i locked myself in our bathroom and put on my make-up after showering . 
 i tie a bathrobe around me when i finish . 
 mel has a dress that she 's lending me for tonight , since i did n't have anything suitable . 
 i think about seeing sean , about what i 'll say . 
 part of me thinks that i should n't say anything , that i should let him explain the whole thing . 
 after all , we are both way more sketchy than we seemed . 
 amber 's voice busts my eardrum and then she finally shuts up . 
 i try to sneak out of the bathroom now , before the two of them have a chance to start again . 
 i toss my make-up back into my bag and run for the door . 
 the way the room is situated has both our beds in the same area with a little jack and jill bathroom off of one end that we share with the girls next door . 
 i race by the beds and fail to notice the guy - not dennis - standing in our kitchen . 
 he has my throw blanket tied around his naked hips . 
 the guy looks up at me and then glances at amber . 
 `` hey , babe . 
 is this going to be a threesome ? 
 i 'm down with that . '' 
 he grins at me . 
 the guy is a clone of dennis . 
 what the hell ? 
 i glance back at amber , shooting her daggers , but she 's lying in bed and does n't bother to look at me . 
 `` do n't touch my things ! '' 
 i snap at him . 
 he grins at me like an idiot . 
 without thinking , i reach forward , snatch the blanket , and run out the door leaving the guy standing there with nothing on . 
 i run down the hall , holding the blanket between my fingers . 
 when i step into the room , mel seems annoyed , but her mood quickly changes to disgust when she sees the way i 'm holding the blanket . 
 she opens a drawer and pulls something out . 
 `` oh gross , not again . '' 
 she holds up a trash bag for me and i drop the blanket inside . 
 it 'll need to be cleaned again and i do n't want his junk all mashed up in my other wash . 
 `` i do n't even want to talk about it . 
 i swear to god , she 's the worst roommate ever . 
 the only thing she 's got going for her is that she does n't steal . '' 
 mel does n't look convinced . 
 `` no offense hun , but you ai n't got nothing worth stealing . '' 
 `` story of my life . 
 so help me shake of the heebie-jeebies and get ready . '' 
 mel snorts a laugh . 
 her hand quickly covers her mouth as she continues to laugh . 
 `` where did you learn those words ? 
 you 'd think you were raised in a nunnery . 
 damn , girl . '' 
 mel shakes her head and walks over to her closet . 
 a dark violet cocktail dress is hanging at the front . 
 she pulls it out and hands it to me . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 with your dark hair and eyes , i thought that color would work well for you . 
 plus it 's easy to wear . '' 
 i hold the soft fabric in my hands . 
 my heart starts pumping harder . 
 i 'm going to do this . 
 the dress is the final step on the tightrope of insanity . 
 i 'm kind of hoping i fall off and break my neck . 
 i do n't know if i can go through with it . 
 i nod , not saying anything i 'm thinking . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 the dress has a bright purple silk lining that is covered by black chiffon . 
 the necklines scoops low and the back dips even lower . 
 it 's held up by a silver clip on one shoulder . 
 it 's like a greek goddess dress . 
 i blink at it for a moment . 
 i ca n't believe this is happening . 
 as if mel can sense my thoughts , she says , `` and how about the rest ? 
 did mandy hook you up with a nice lacey garter set ? '' 
 the undergarments are inspected by miss black before i leave in a limo for my appointment with sean . 
 nothing i had would have been acceptable , so i took what little money i had left and bought some stockings , thigh highs , panties and a bra . 
 everything was on clearance , but the whole thing is from a store on miss black 's approved list . 
 i nod , and slip off the housecoat so she can see . 
 it feels a little funny , but i have to put on the dress anyway . 
 i pull it off the hanger as mel looks me over . 
 `` there was n't much in my price range . '' 
 `` well , i 'm just glad they had something . 
 that should pacify miss black . 
 she just wants to make sure we do n't skimp on anything . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe how much this stuff costs . 
 the stockings cost more than my entire outfit . '' 
 mel shakes her head and smiles at me . 
 `` but have you felt them ? '' 
 `` yeah , they 're buttery soft , but at that price i 'll cry if i snag them . '' 
 i 'm trying to wriggle into the dress without messing up my make-up . 
 it slips over me and i reach for the side to zip it , but mel 's already there . 
 she pulls up the zipper for me and i look in the mirror . 
 the dress fits perfectly . 
 the bodice is formfitting and the skirt is on the shorter side and flares slightly at the hem . 
 if i did n't feel like i was going to puke , i 'd twirl . 
 `` you look perfect . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i say , pulse pounding harder . 
 i take a deep breath and try to calm down . 
 `` have you thought about what you 're going to say to him ? '' 
 mel steps back and grabs a comb . 
 she quickly pulls my long locks into a beautiful style . 
 i do n't even know what to call it . 
 it 's half up and half down . 
 loose strands hang by my shoulders as random curls are pinned and twisted onto the back of my head . 
 `` no , not really . 
 and mel , if he says no , i 'm walking away from this . 
 if i ca n't do it with him , i just ca n't do it . '' 
 mel stills her hands and presses her lips together . 
 `` you give up too easy . '' 
 `` maybe , but i have to be able to live with myself . 
 my body and emotions are n't detached . 
 i do n't know how to do this without falling for the guy . '' 
 mel folds her arms over her chest . 
 she still has to get ready to go out later . 
 `` listen , it 'll come to you . 
 one of the things i do n't do is lingering kisses , you know the kind . 
 they get all hot and heavy . 
 it makes it feel like something it 's not . 
 that preference sheet is n't just what you like , it 's what you can tolerate . '' 
 `` what if i cry the whole time ? 
 what if i ca n't tolerate any of it ? '' 
 `` you 're stronger than that , avery . 
 me and you , we 're on our own . 
 we 're strong because we have to be . 
 we do n't need anyone or anything . 
 we got our sights set on something and we get it , no matter the cost . '' 
 my stomach curls . 
 she 's just like me , maybe a little more battered by life , but we 're the same . 
 `` the end justifies the means . '' 
 `` surviving justifies anything . '' 
 i drive my crap car to miss black 's . 
 she invites me into the back and pulls out the measuring tape . 
 i strip to my lacy undergarments and she takes it in , approves , and then measures me and writes it down . 
 i slip the dress back on , careful not to mess up my hair and zip the dress up . 
 `` there 's one thing that you have to do to keep this job and that is to portray the confidence that our girls have . 
 since it 's your first time , i know how you must be feeling , but all the same , you ca n't let it affect your performance . 
 because , that 's what this is - a performance . 
 the client wants an innocent young girl and you will fulfill that role . 
 he does n't want to hear your life story or why you entered this line of business . 
 you are forbidden to discuss weighty matters or your personal life . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 i nod . 
 it 's not like i 'm planning on spilling my guts to him and i can pull off inexperienced young girl , since i am one . 
 `` how am i supposed to be innocent and confident ? 
 i did n't think those things went together . '' 
 `` well , here they do . 
 a tease is confident and younger women that flaunt their bodies usually have no idea what they 're in for . 
 you 're to be that woman , confident and craving sex . 
 use your body the way you normally would to pick up a guy , but be more overt with it . 
 mr. ferro will tailor the experience to be what he wants . 
 when you get to that point , just follow his lead . '' 
 i nod again . 
 it sounds easy , but i still feel my nerves swirling in my stomach . 
 miss black asks me to follow her into her office . 
 she rounds her desk and pulls out a gold bracelet from her top drawer . 
 it has a little black stone in the center of the chain . 
 she hands it to me . 
 `` wear this at all times . 
 it lets us know you are where you are supposed to be . 
 if something goes horribly wrong , smash the stone . 
 a security signal will be sent and help will arrive , but do not crush it unless it 's life or death . '' 
 i take it and put it on my wrist . 
 it 's a little too big . 
 `` has anyone ever had to use it ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` no , the threat is clear enough . 
 our clients know you have it and what will happen if one of our girls is harmed in any way . 
 it 's not pretty . 
 the threat alone makes them behave . '' 
 i nod and stare at the black bead , wondering how it works . 
 there must be something inside the stone , gps and a transmitter of some sort . 
 after a few more words of instruction , i head downstairs where a car is waiting for me . 
 my heart pounds against my ribs as i slip into the back seat of the limo . 
 we pull into traffic . 
 i feel like i ca n't breathe . 
 calm down . 
 it 's only sean . 
 you can do this . 
 my little pep talks falls flat . 
 i 'm afraid . 
 i ca n't shake the feeling , so i try to ignore it . 
 i look out the window for a while , but that makes me nervous too . 
 i know where we are , i know where we are going . 
 we 'll be there any minute . 
 i decide to check my make-up . 
 as i reach into my purse , the golden bracelet slips off my wrist . 
 it 's too loose . 
 i look at it and know that i need to keep it on . 
 glancing at my ankle , i bend over and fasten it around my leg . 
 it fits better there . 
 when i sit up , the car slows and i see the hotel . 
 it 's one of the swank privately owned hotels in the affluent section of the city . 
 the car pulls in front and stops . 
 my chest feels like it 's going to explode . 
 i do n't breathe , i do n't blink . 
 the driver opens my door . 
 i lift my foot and step out onto the pavement . 
 eyes fall on me , taking in my regal appearance . 
 i wonder if they know why i 'm here , and immediately dispel that thought . 
 if they knew why i was here , there would be cops and there are none . 
 i step from the car and walk confidently toward the door . 
 the doorman pulls it open for me , and i step inside . 
 miss black told me to be confident , to move like i belong here , but my jaw drops slightly when i step inside . 
 opulence drips from every surface in this building . 
 i try to ignore it , but i ca n't . 
 my eyes drift from the gold gilding , to the large chandelier with sparkling crystals hanging in the center of the room . 
 i continue to walk . 
 i 'm to head to the restaurant on the second floor . 
 i remember everything and when i reach the podium where the garson stands , my voice is steady . 
 i am meeting someone . 
 i tell him the name , and am led through the restaurant . 
 the lights are low . 
 the walls are decorated with rich fabrics and candelabras that match the large crystal fixture downstairs . 
 as i follow the man , i 'm acutely aware of everything . 
 several sets of eyes lift and take in my figure before returning to their companions as i pass . 
 i feel my heel strike the floor and the jolt through my body somehow makes me more confident . 
 the tremble in my hands lessens and i hold my shoulders back . 
 a soft smile lines my lips . 
 i think i 'll be able to do this . 
 i think i 'll be able to pull it off . 
 i feel perfect . 
 i feel confident . 
 but then i see sean . 
 he 's sitting in a darkened corner with his dark hair covering those blue eyes . 
 he does n't look up as i approach . 
 his hand clutches a drink like it 's a lifeline . 
 the vibrant young man i met is gone . 
 i can only see the shattered remnants . 
 the waiter stops in front of the table . 
 i step out from behind him and move toward sean . 
 i lift my hand and press my finger to the monogram in the center of his plate . 
 this is confirmation of who i am , so that there are no mistakes . 
 miss black said it 's our personal signal . 
 sean does n't look at me . 
 the waiter pulls out my seat . 
 i turn and slip silently into it and am handed a menu . 
 i watch sean the entire time . 
 he wo n't look at me . 
 every piece of me wants to comfort him . 
 something is horribly wrong . 
 i can tell . 
 we sit in silence until i think he 'll never look up . 
 then , his dark head tilts back and those sapphire eyes lift and meet my gaze . 
 confusion flashes across his face at first , but it 's quickly quashed by anger . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 sean growls at me , his voice low enough to not attract attention . 
 fear wraps its icy fingers around my heart and squeezes . 
 i no longer know what i want . 
 i thought sean would be happy to see me , but he is n't . 
 i do n't want to leave him looking so betrayed , but i do n't think i want to stay either . 
 `` hi , '' i manage , which is severely lacking . 
 `` i repeat , what is this ? 
 some kind of joke ? '' 
 anger surges in his voice . 
 `` no , '' i say softly . 
 `` a coincidence . '' 
 sean watches me , trying to sense the lie that he thinks i 'm telling , but i 'm not . 
 `` i 'm sure , '' he says sarcastically . 
 shaking his head , sean looks at me with venom in his eyes , `` i thought black wanted my business , but this is unacceptable . 
 go back to your boss and tell her the deal is off . 
 i 'll find what i need elsewhere . 
 i do n't condone her actions or being followed . 
 i wo n't be manipulated . '' 
 sean stands abruptly . 
 i know he 's angry . 
 he 's going to leave . 
 he 's going to chew out miss black . 
 `` wait , '' i say , standing with him . 
 i reach for his hand and hold onto his wrist . 
 my voice sounds strained and quivers as i speak . 
 `` please , do n't tell her . 
 she does n't know . 
 sean , i know what it looks like , but please believe me . '' 
 his cold gaze cuts to my hold on his arm . 
 i release him and take a small breath . 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 `` because you 're a good man and i need you to . '' 
 he stares at me for a moment and then sits back down in his chair . 
 i return to my seat . 
 he works his jaw as he considers me . 
 `` explain , and do n't lie to me . '' 
 i feel like i 'm on trial . 
 i want him to stay . 
 i need him to stay . 
 he 's my last lifeline . 
 without him , without this job , i 'm lost . 
 my eyes dart away from his . 
 `` i 'm not supposed to talk about me , but since i 've already done something i was n't supposed to - '' `` just tell me . '' 
 sean folds his arms over his chest . 
 the waiter tries to come over to take our order , but the look on sean 's face scares him away . 
 i wring my hands in my lap under the table . 
 nervously , i say , `` i need this job . 
 when i saw your profile , i wanted ... '' i stumble trying to explain myself . 
 `` i thought it 'd be nice that we 'd already met . 
 i have n't done this before , obviously , and - '' `` i have trouble believing that , '' he snaps . 
 `` believe whatever you want , but facts are facts and you would have figured it out if i did n't screw everything up . 
 miss. . . '' 
 i bite my tongue to keep from saying miss black 's name , `` she does n't know that i met you before , that i kissed you before . '' 
 i stare into his eyes remembering that kiss , remembering the softness and desire . 
 `` she does n't know , but i wanted to know you more , and i needed this . 
 this encounter may not matter much to you , but it means everything to me . '' 
 before i realize it , my hands are on top of the table . 
 i 'm clutching them so tightly that my knuckles turn white . 
 sean 's gaze lowers to my hands and lifts to my face , `` why ? '' 
 i ca n't answer . 
 my mouth fills with sand and i can barely swallow . 
 all 's i can manage is , `` please . '' 
 i 'm begging him . 
 it dawns on me that this is what happened and i ca n't look at him . 
 i release the death grip on my hands when he does n't answer . 
 sean seems apathetic , leaning back in his chair as if he 's dismissing me . 
 i take my purse in my hand , and heart pounding say , `` i 'm sorry . 
 i wo n't trouble you again . '' 
 i stand and walk away from the table . 
 sean does n't call my name . 
 he does n't stand and follow me out . 
 he does n't give me a second chance . 
 the limo is n't here yet . 
 i 'm on my own . 
 my heart shatters as i realize what this means . 
 miss black wo n't give me another chance , and i do n't want one . 
 i try to keep the tears from spilling as i take the walk of shame across the room . 
 stopping in front of the elevator , i press the button . 
 i wait and take a shaky breath . 
 when the doors open , an older couple slips out . 
 they avert their eyes as is the custom when a stranger encounters a crying woman . 
 i look at the floor as i step inside . 
 i lift my hand and press one . 
 the doors start to slip shut . 
 but just before they close , the door bangs against something dark that juts between them , a suited arm . 
 the doors reopen and sean is standing there . 
 his blue eyes are filled with questions . 
 he steps into the elevator with me . 
 the doors slip shut . 
 when we start to move , he pulls the stop and the elevator darkens . 
 his voice is in my ear . 
 it sends a shiver down my spine . 
 i feel exposed even though we stand in darkness . 
 sean speaks rapidly , `` this is n't the way it 's supposed to be . 
 the rules were broken . 
 i do n't know what to do . 
 i mean , i know you . '' 
 i feel the heat from his body and know he 's a breath away from me . 
 i 'm not confident , but bold words spill from my lips . 
 `` which makes it better , does n't it ? '' 
 `` no , '' he replies softly . 
 `` the anonymity mattered to me . '' 
 `` i ca n't change that . '' 
 `` but you changed the ground rules . '' 
 i feel him lean against the wall next to me , like it pains him to admit it . 
 `` now what ? 
 i do n't want to send you back . '' 
 my palm finds his cheek . 
 i turn his face toward me and feel his breath on my face . 
 softly , i say , `` then do n't . '' 
 sean takes a deep breath and suddenly the lights come back on . 
 the elevator is moving again . 
 when we reach the ground floor , i do n't look at him . 
 sean says nothing . 
 he takes my hand as we leave the elevator . 
 a person dressed in a hotel uniform approaches us . 
 sean swiftly walks past him without a word . 
 i 'm being led through the foyer and hotel staff and patrons are everywhere . 
 sean pushes through the front doors before the doorman can open them . 
 `` mr. ferro , should i call for your car ? '' 
 sean says , `` no , thank you . 
 just taking my friend for a walk . '' 
 my heart beats harder . 
 it 's cold outside and i 'm not dressed for it . 
 i 'm not supposed to leave the hotel . 
 the little black bomb on my ankle will tell the ninjas to attack . 
 after we pass the entrance , i dig in my heels and we stop . 
 sean looks at me with a strange expression on his face . 
 i explain , `` i ca n't leave the hotel grounds . 
 she 'll know . '' 
 sean shakes his head and runs his fingers through his hair , grabbing at it . 
 `` this is n't turning out how i planned . '' 
 although he seems to be talking to himself , i answer . 
 `` nothing ever turns out the way i plan . 
 it makes me wonder why i bother . '' 
 sean looks over at me . 
 i grin sheepishly . 
 `` you caught me . 
 it 's not my life 's ambition to be here tonight . 
 i had other things planned , all of which got shot to hell . 
 in a manner of speaking , you 're my last chance ... my last plan . '' 
 sean seems surprised . 
 his mood lightens a little . 
 `` rule breaker , '' he teases . 
 a light smile crosses his lips . 
 `` yup , rebel to the core . '' 
 i answer . 
 i sigh and suck in the cold night air and look around . 
 people move up and down the street around us , all hurrying somewhere . 
 i shiver and run my hands over my arms . 
 `` so , i ca n't pretend to understand your , uh , preferences , but if you want to swap me out - '' `` no . '' 
 sean 's eyes lock with mine . 
 `` you stay . 
 i just have to figure things out . '' 
 `` why are we on the street ? '' 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i have to ask . 
 i wrap my arms around my middle and try to keep warm . 
 the wind blows gently , lifting the curls off my shoulders . 
 sean looks at me . 
 the expression says he ca n't tell me , and that something 's tearing him up inside . 
 his spine straightens and everything changes . 
 `` listen , we need a new arrangement . '' 
 `` agreed . '' 
 `` but i need somethings that came with the previous agreement . 
 that 's nonnegotiable . '' 
 `` fine , '' i say , shivering . 
 `` let 's go inside and discuss it like normal people . '' 
 `` since when are you normal ? 
 you run around with cans of ether in your pockets . '' 
 he forgets himself and smiles . 
 that hard mask he was wearing , cracks . 
 my god , he looks beautiful . 
 the corners of my mouth lift . 
 i step towards him . 
 `` mind telling me why you were always at that corner ? '' 
 i place a hand on his chest and smile up at him . 
 sean shakes his head . 
 `` my secret . '' 
 he 's silent for a moment and adds , `` you 'll be safe with me , avery , ah i mean , miss stanz . '' 
 something flutters inside my heart when he says my name . 
 sean takes me to his room . 
 it 's the penthouse , located high above the city . 
 the entire floor is ours . 
 i 've never seen such a place in person . 
 space is a commodity in the city and the vast size of the room is flaunting wealth . 
 `` do all guys get this room ? '' 
 i ask , looking around . 
 i feel sean 's eyes on me as i walk . 
 `` i 'd think not . 
 it 'd be a huge tip off . 
 plus the room cost more than the average services your company provides . '' 
 my face flames red . 
 i try to hide it , but sean sees my blush . 
 he walks toward me and takes my hands from my face . 
 i say , `` i 've not done this before . '' 
 `` i know , '' he says , his voice deepening as he speaks . 
 sean keeps a hold on my hands and turns me from the window to meet his gaze . 
 a light dusting of stubble lines his jaw . 
 that dark hair that i want to touch so badly falls into his eyes . 
 he tilts his head to the side and it falls back . 
 `` tell me something . 
 how is it that you 're a virgin ? 
 i would n't have thought that could be possible . '' 
 my gaze darts away from his , but he tilts my chin so that i ca n't look away from him . 
 my heart is pounding rapidly and i feel vulnerable . 
 i want to jerk my face away . 
 i want to run , but i do n't . 
 his voice is a whisper , `` tell me . '' 
 `` i never found the right guy , '' i breathe . 
 sean 's eyes devour me , raking over my face like he ca n't get enough . 
 finally , he nods slowly . 
 his hands drop from my body and i feel nervous again . 
 i 'm nervous when he touches me and more anxious when he 's not . 
 sean sees the slight tremor of my hand . 
 he says over his shoulder , `` i wo n't have sex with you , not unless you want it . '' 
 what ? 
 i nearly fall over . 
 did he really say that ? 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 sean sits at a desk and turns the chair toward me . 
 i stand in front of him staring with my lips parted . 
 `` it 's the way i do things . 
 i have no intention of forcing you . 
 actually , the whole thing is left up to you , really . '' 
 i swallow hard and stare at him like he has two heads . 
 `` but , i thought ... '' `` i know what you thought , but that does n't matter now . 
 we need a new arrangement , since the old one wo n't work anymore . '' 
 `` why wo n't it work ? '' 
 i do n't understand what he 's thinking . 
 `` because i know you . 
 it just ca n't be the way i thought , so let 's come up with something new . 
 i wo n't lay a hand on you , unless you ask me to . 
 i wo n't have sex with you unless you want it . 
 how 's that for starters ? '' 
 `` sean , i ca n't change things that much . 
 it is n't right . 
 you wanted something when you called for me . 
 what did you want ? '' 
 he 's quiet for a moment . 
 the fingers on his hands lace together between his knees as he leans forward . 
 i think he 's going to answer me , but he does n't . 
 `` listen , this week is hard for me , okay ? 
 i 'm not usually here , in fact i do everything i can to steer clear of new york at this time of year . 
 business did n't work out that way this year . 
 i need something to occupy my thoughts when i 'm not at work , someone to be with . 
 since i know you can do that on some level , i want you around . '' 
 when he speaks , i hear the hitch in his voice . 
 sean 's running from something , something he does n't want to remember and being here forces the memory forward . 
 i nod slowly and walk toward him . 
 `` so the arrangement is platonic ? 
 not sexual ? '' 
 `` yes , if that 's what you want . '' 
 my heart sinks . 
 i look at him and i have no idea what i want . 
 i thought i was going to have sex tonight . 
 i nod , like i 'm in shock . 
 my gaze is lost , staring somewhere across the room when he speaks . 
 `` that is n't what you wanted , is it ? '' 
 `` i - '' my mouth hangs open and i have no idea what to say . 
 i try to explain , but i ca n't . 
 sean looks surprised . 
 `` you wanted to do it , did n't you ? '' 
 i shake my head , but sean puts his hands on my waist and pulls me to him . 
 `` you 're breaking your rule , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't care , '' he says with a dark look in his eyes . 
 `` okay , then . '' 
 `` tell me what you want from this , what you want to learn ? '' 
 `` learn ? '' 
 i squeak . 
 `` yeah , i 'm assuming you felt safe with me and wanted to learn something . 
 is n't that why you picked me from the file ? 
 i 'm sure there 's more than one guy with a virgin fetish . '' 
 my heart is pounding . 
 i can barely focus . 
 i nod , even though it 's not the truth . 
 `` teach me , '' i hear myself say , and wonder how much ether i 've inhaled . 
 i must have rotted my brain . 
 `` teach you what , miss smith ? '' 
 he holds me close , warming me . 
 his hands linger around my waist as his eyes hold my gaze . 
 my heart beats harder , faster . 
 my face warms as i think about his hands on me , about what he 's offering me . 
 i wish i knew what he wanted originally , but i do n't . 
 i look at his lips , wanting to taste them , wondering what it would be like to be with him . 
 smiling shyly at him , i breathe , `` everything . '' 
