 chapter one i am eating my ninth cinnamon raisin bagel with maple horseradish cream cheese and hazelnut chocolate spread . 
 do n't judge me . 
 it 's my job to eat this . 
 it 's a monday morning , 9:13 a.m. on the dot , and the counter person , mark j. , takes exactly seventeen seconds to acknowledge my presence . 
 he then offers to upsell my small mocha latte , which i decline nicely , and within seventy-three seconds my cinnamon raisin bagel with maple horseradish cream cheese and hazelnut chocolate spread is in my hands , toasted and warm . 
 i pay my $ 10.22 with a $ 20 bill and he counts back my change properly , hands me a receipt and points out the survey i can complete for a chance to win a $ 100 gift card to this chain restaurant . 
 survey ? 
 buddy , i 'm surveying you right now . 
 no , i do n't have obsessive-compulsive disorder , though it helps in my line of work . 
 i am not a private detective , and i do n't have an unhealthy stalker thing for mark j. , who loses points for ringing up a customer , touching cash , and not washing his hands before touching the next person 's bagel . 
 i cringe at mine . 
 i 'm a secret shopper . 
 mystery shopper . 
 or as the clerks and managers in the stores where i pretend to be a regular shopper call me : evil personified . 
 that 's ms. evil personified to you , buddy . 
 it really is my job to sit here on a sunny monday morning , in my ninth chain store , buying the same exact meal over and over again , sipping each mocha latte and sliding a thermometer in the hot liquid to make certain the temperature is between 170 and 180 degrees fahrenheit . 
 you try doing that without making people think you are that one weird customer , the one who talks to aliens through the metal shake cans , or who brings her teacup chihuahua in to share a grilled cheese and lets the dog lick the plate clean . 
 i 'm just as weird , except i 'm getting paid to do it . 
 my best friend and coworker , amanda , created a little thermometer that looks just like a coffee stirrer . 
 i slip it in through the lid and in sixty seconds-voila ! 
 one hundred seventy-four degrees . 
 i reach for my phone and pretend to send a text . 
 i 'm really opening my shopper 's evaluation app , to type in all the answers to the 128 questions that must be properly answered . 
 i enter my name -lrb- shannon jacoby -rrb- , today 's date , the store location , whether the front trashcan was clean -lrb- it was -rrb- , whether the front mats were clean -lrb- they were -rrb- , the name of the clerk who waited on me -lrb- mark j. -rrb- , and pretty much every question you could imagine short of my favorite sexual position -lrb- none of your business -rrb- and the first date of my last period -lrb- who cares ? 
 it 's not like i could possibly be pregnant . 
 maybe the cobwebs are in the way ... -rrb- . 
 did i mention this is my ninth store of the day ? 
 i started at 5:30 a.m. i 'm very , very questioned and cinnamoned out . 
 one hundred twenty-eight questions times nine stores equals a big old identity crisis and a mouth that ca n't tell the difference between horseradish and mocha . 
 this is not my fault . 
 i am in management for a secret shopper company . 
 that means my job is to find people to do what i 'm doing . 
 a year ago , when i was a fresh-faced marketing major with my newly minted degree from umass and $ 50,000 in student loans at the ripe old age of twenty-three , the job seemed like a dream . 
 you know those ads you see online to `` get paid to shop ! '' ? 
 yep . 
 they 're real . 
 you really can sign on as a mystery shopper with various marketing companies , and once you pass some basic tests , you apply for jobs . 
 what i 'm doing right now pays your $ 10.22 expense , gives you the free breakfast sandwich and latte , and you earn a whopping $ 8 in payment about a month after submitting your mystery shopper report to our office . 
 and people are lining up to do this . 
 except ... sometimes , supervisors ca n't find anyone to fill a last-minute no-show . 
 i 'm a full-time , salaried employee -lrb- which means i get to keep the sandwich , but not the $ 8 for each of these nine shops this fine , beautiful , bloated morning -rrb- . 
 one of our flakier shoppers , meghan , texted me at 4:12 a.m. to tell me the purple and green unicorn in her flying sparkly hummer told her not to eat bagels anymore , and she and could n't make her nine-nine ! 
 - breakfast shops on religious grounds . 
 okay , then . 
 someone was eating something other than cinnamon raisin bagels last night , and i suspect it involved mushrooms of some sort . 
 that gave me one hour and eighteen minutes to find a replacement , which meant-yep-here i was . 
 in a rush , i 'd jumped out of bed , printed out all of meghan 's shops , made a driving plan and a map , and steadied myself for the biggest mystery-shopping blitz i 'd done since - since being dumped by my ex-boyfriend last year . 
 steven michael raleigh decided that finishing his mba meant he needed a trophy wife who could schmooze with all the hoity-toities on the back bay in boston . 
 me ? 
 a mendon girl with only a ba who works as a `` glorified fast food snitch '' just did n't cut it , so he cut me loose . 
 so here i sit in this little coffee shop in west newton , counting down the minutes until i can break into the men 's room . 
 that 's right - the men 's room . 
 did i mention i 'm a dd cup ? 
 so not a covert men 's room ninja . 
 my ninth men 's room of the morning . 
 every part of the store has to be evaluated , including the toilets . 
 you 've seen one urinal , you 've seen them all ... except that 's not how it works when you 're evaluating a store for a mystery shop . 
 nineteen questions about cleanliness and customer service are waiting for my answers . 
 neatly waiting inside my smartphone 's app . 
 and if i did n't break in to the men 's room ? 
 the eval would be a `` failed job . '' 
 i shudder . 
 a failed job is worse than eating nine cinnamon raisin maple horseradish bagels , because when you work in my field , a failed job is like a failed date with a billionaire . 
 whatever went wrong , it 's always , always your fault . 
 speaking of billionaires , hellllooooo , christian grey . 
 in walks a man wearing a suit that must cost more than my rickety old saturn sedan . 
 fine grayish-blue with fibers that look like he snaps his fingers and they conform to his body because he 's that dominant . 
 trim body with a flat , tapered torso , and oh ! 
 his jacket is unbuttoned . 
 the bright white shirt underneath is so bespoke that it fits like a glove . 
 if i had echolocation i could map out the terrain of ab muscles through sheer force of will . 
 his cut body is meant to be relief mapped the way braille is meant to be read . 
 with my fingertips . 
 parts of my body that have been in suspended animation since i dated steve spring to life . 
 some of these parts , as i watch him reach out and shake hands with mark j. and see the taut lines of sinew at his wrist , the sprinkle of sandy hair around a gold watch , have n't risen from the dead since my party days at umass . 
 and then he opens his mouth and asks mark j. , `` how 's your morning going ? '' 
 liquid smoke , whiskey , sunshine and musk pours out of that jaunty , sultry mouth and all over my body like i am standing under a waterfall of oh , yeahhhhh . 
 everything goes into slow motion around me . 
 my world narrows to what i see , and i ca n't stop staring at mr. sex in a suit . 
 mark j. says something to the man in what sounds like klingon , and they share a laugh . 
 beautiful , straight white teeth and cheeks that dimple-dimple ! 
 - make me fall even more in lust with mr. i will make you omelets in the morning wearing your suit jacket and nothing else . 
 i look down and nearly vomit , because my torn t-shirt may actually have remnants of omelets on it . 
 from yesterday . 
 i sniff in that secret way people try to surreptitiously look like they are not so hygiene-deprived that they do n't know whether they 're offending half the eastern seaboard . 
 damn . 
 i am . 
 my phone rings . 
 people around me look as i stare at it , slack-jawed . 
 i can see my open mouth in the glass and realize my hair is still in a loose topknot on my head . 
 is that my nephew 's my little pony scrunchie ? 
 i really sprinted out the door this morning , did n't i ? 
 being made an honorary brony by a seven-year-old with two missing front teeth meant i 'd been named `` thparkly thunthine auntie thannon . '' 
 i smile at the memory . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 no one calls me . 
 they always text . 
 and the phone number is new . 
 i do n't know this person . 
 `` shannon , it 's me . '' 
 amanda . 
 my co-worker . 
 my best friend . 
 my thorn in my side . 
 a ringing phone is an anomaly these days . 
 most people just zombie text . 
 me ? 
 i have a twenty-four-year-old friend who uses her phone like it 's 2003 . 
 `` why do you have a new number ? '' 
 `` greg made me get a cheaper plan . '' 
 greg is our boss . 
 he makes those crazy coupon queens who buy $ 400 worth of groceries for $ 4.21 with 543 coupons look like people from lifestyles of the rich and famous . 
 `` huh . 
 well , you could have answered the phone when i called this morning and taken some of these bagel hell assignments , you know , '' i whisper . 
 `` i am going to name my reflux maple horseradish amanda after you . '' 
 `` oh , thank god ! 
 you picked up the jobs . '' 
 a very attractive college guy walks in , donning a lacrosse team shirt and a pair of legs that make me wish i were wearing my good underwear instead of my safe underwear . 
 you could go fly fishing in these granny pants . 
 my eyes ca n't stop flipping between college dude and christian grey . 
 eight bagel shops , and on the ninth , god gave shannon a smorgasbord of hot men . 
 `` you took them all ? '' 
 amanda 's voice is somewhere between a dog whistle and a fire alarm . 
 she shakes me out of my head just as mr. sex in a suit walks by , making me sniff the air like an animal in heat . 
 which i kind of am , suddenly . 
 he smells like a weekend in stowe at a private cabin with skis propped against the back wall , a roaring fire in a stone fireplace that crawls from floor to ceiling , and a bearskin rug that feels amazing against all your na ** d parts . 
 even the dormant ones . 
 especially the dormant ones . 
 `` on the ninth one right now , but you 're blowing my cover , '' i hiss . 
 `` and you so owe me . 
 i 'm making you pick up those podiatrist evals next month . '' 
 podiatrist shops do n't exactly feed a sense of sexual desire , so my mind makes me go there . 
 feet . 
 hammer toes . 
 eww . 
 mr. sex in a suit leaves through the main doors , coffee in hand . 
 but wait , i want to cry out . 
 you forgot to let me lick your cuff links . 
 `` you ca n't make me do the bunion walk ! '' 
 amanda protests . 
 yes , mystery shoppers evaluate podiatrists . 
 doctors , dentists , banks , and even - `` then you can do all the sex-toy shop surveys , '' i say , biting my lips after . 
 i can feel the heat from her blush through the phone . 
 or maybe that 's my own body as i lean to the left to search for a glimpse of mr. sophistication . 
 `` bunions it is , '' she replies curtly . 
 `` come to the office after . 
 we need to talk . 
 clinching this huge account hinges on how well these bagel shops go . '' 
 she pauses . 
 `` and i am so not doing those marital aids shops ! '' 
 click . 
 chapter two nineteen questions compel me to wrap up the rest of my sandwich , throw my half-full latte away , and walk with confidence toward the restrooms , hands shaking from too much caffeine . 
 so what if , in my rush out of the house , i 'd forgotten to change out of my yoga pants and torn t-shirt ? 
 i look down . 
 i 'm wearing two different navy shoes . 
 which would n't be a problem , except one of them is open-toed . 
 whatever . 
 i am fine . 
 this is my last shop of the day . 
 so what if i look like something out of people of walmart ? 
 thank goodness mr. omelet cashmere jacket is gone . 
 he did n't even look at me , which is fine . 
 -lrb- not really , but ... -rrb- living in my own head has its privileges , like pretending i have a chance with someone like that . 
 what would he see if he looked at me ? 
 crazy hair , a full figure in an outfit so casual it classifies as pajamas , tired but observant brown eyes , and the blessings of good genetics from my mother , with a pert nose and what mom calls a `` youthful appearance '' , but i call a curse of being carded forever . 
 and the whole two-different-shoes thing , which could be a fashion statement , you know ? 
 it could . 
 do n't question it . 
 the coast is clear . 
 tap tap tap . 
 i knock softly on the men 's room door , assuming it 's a one-seater like all the other stores i 've been in this morning . 
 no reply . 
 sauntering in , i do a double take . 
 damn ! 
 two urinals and two stalls instead of the big old square room . 
 someone could walk in on me . 
 a guy could come in here and whip it out if i 'm not careful . 
 then again , it 's been so long , i 'm not sure i remember what they whip out . 
 last year , one of my shops for a gas station chain made me count the number of hairs on the urinal cakes . 
 that was , i contend , the low point in my secret shopping career . 
 fortunately , this particular chain does not have an obsession with hirsute urinators . 
 how progressive . 
 i tap on my phone and open the app , scanning the questions . 
 enough toilet paper ? 
 check . 
 faucets in working order ? 
 check . 
 paper-towel dispenser full ? 
 check . 
 toilets and urinals in operating order ? 
 hoo boy . 
 if you 've never been in a men 's room , and have only set foot in the ladies ' room at most fine -lrb- and not so fine -rrb- establishments , you need to know this : store owners hate men . 
 no , really-this is the one area where women get treated better . 
 we may earn seventy-seven cents on the dollar compared to men , but , by god , our public bathrooms do n't look like something out of a soviet-era prison . 
 or worse-a sochi hotel during the olympics . 
 my mind wanders as i try not to touch anything i 'm not required to touch in order to do my job and get out of here . 
 i recall the scent of aftershave and man on mr. perfect blue-gray suit from a few minutes ago , instead of the acrid odor of moldy cheese , urine , and chemical deodorizer that smells like poison-ivy pesticide . 
 how would it feel not only to touch a man so put together , so confident , so in control-but to be allowed to ? 
 the overwhelming pleasure of being in a relationship is n't the actual affection , sex , and companionship . 
 it 's the permission to be casual , to reach out and brush your hand against a pec , to thread your fingers in his hair , to hold hands and snuggle and have access to his abs , his calves , the fine , masculine curve of a forearm when you want . 
 on your terms . 
 by mutual agreement . 
 the thought of running my palms from his wrists to his shoulders , then down that fine valley of sculpted marble chest to rest on his waist , to slide around and embrace him , makes my mouth curl up in a seductive smile . 
 that no one will ever see . 
 so why bother ? 
 besides , i have toilets to flush . 
 i check the back of the bathroom door for the cleaning chart . 
 you know those pieces of paper on the backs of the doors , with initials and times written on them to verify that the restroom has been cleaned ? 
 someone verifies that verification . 
 me . 
 that 's who . 
 of course , i have no way to verify that js -lrb- the initials down the line for the past four hours -rrb- has actually cleaned the bathroom . 
 only a video camera would be able to tell for sure . 
 and while modern society loves to videotape everyone in public , mostly for the purpose of catching lindsay lohan in an uncompromising crotch shot , corporations have n't begun videotaping bathrooms . 
 yet . 
 and thank goodness , not only for privacy reasons , but because cameras put people like me out of a job . 
 as much as my job drives me nuts on days like this , it 's a paycheck . 
 i have health insurance . 
 paid time off . 
 a retirement plan . 
 at twenty-four , that 's like being a nobel prize winner in today 's economy . 
 most of my friends from college are working part-time at retail stores in the mall , being evaluated by secret shoppers like ... me . 
 question number thirteen stops me cold . 
 `` is the bathroom aesthetically pleasing ? '' 
 um , what ? 
 it still makes me cringe , even for the ninth time . 
 the walls are a pale gray , with tile running halfway up . 
 chips and stains on the tile make me wonder what men have done in here . 
 how does taking a pee translate into broken tiles ? 
 and those yellowed stains . 
 i shudder . 
 is it really that hard to aim ? 
 whoosh ! 
 whoosh ! 
 i flush both urinals , then rush over to toilet # 1 . 
 whoosh ! 
 i stand in front of the stall to # 2 and get ready to flush that one . 
 i 'm in my own little world and let my guard down to ponder the question . 
 i am also exhausted and most definitely not in top form , because i let a few seconds go by before realizing that someone is coming in the bathroom . 
 out of the corner of my eye i see a business shoe , and that becomes a blur as i scurry into one of the stalls and shut the door . 
 heart pounding , i stare at the dented back of the stall door . 
 then i look down . 
 chipped red nail polish peeks up at me from my open-toed navy shoe . 
 aside from being outed as a transgendered man in here , there 's no plausible reason why any men 's room stall occupant should have red toenails . 
 i quickly scramble to perch myself on the toilet , feet planted firmly on either side of the rim , squatting over the open bowl like i am giving birth . 
 because i am genetically incapable of balance-ever-and as my heart slams against my chest so hard it might as well be playing a djembe , i lean carefully forward with one arm against the back of the stall door , the other clutching my phone . 
 the unmistakable sound of a man taking a whizz echoes through the bathroom . 
 i ca n't help myself and look through the tiny crack in the door . 
 it 's mr. sex in a suit , his back to me . 
 thank goodness , because if i got a full-frontal shot right now then how would i answer the `` aesthetically pleasing '' question from a strictly professional standpoint ? 
 the tiny bit of shifting i did to peer through the crack makes my right foot slip , and i make a squeaking sound , then lose my grip on my phone as my arm flails . 
 ka-plunk ! 
 you know that sound , right ? 
 i know , and you know , that i 've just dropped my smartphone in the toilet , but he thinks the man-he assumes it 's man-in here just delivered something the size of a two-hundred-year-old turtle into the toilet . 
 i look down . 
 my phone is still glowing , open to the question `` is the bathroom aesthetically pleasing ? '' 
 staying silent , i struggle to remain perched on the toilet and in balance . 
 one palm splays flat against the stall door , one hand curls into a fist as it poises over the toilet water . 
 four-hundred-dollar phone or arm in nasty men 's room toilet water . 
 i have the distinct disadvantage of seeing every dried stain on the inside of the rim that my feet occupy , and i know that launching my hand into that porcelain prison means gangrenous death in three days after male pee germs invade my bloodstream and kill me . 
 but it 's a $ 400 phone . 
 a company phone . 
 closing my eyes , i lower my hand into the ice-cold water and pretend i 'm rose in the movie titanic , bobbing on that miraculous door as my hand fishes blindly around the bottom of the toilet for my phone . 
 i get it not once , not twice , but three times as it slips and catches , slips and catches , and then - the stall door opens toward me , sending me backwards with a scream , my arm stuck in the toilet as i fall down slightly , my back pushing against the toilet-flush knob . 
 whoosh ! 
 chapter three mr. blue-gray suit springs into action , jumping into the stall with me and planting nice , big , beautifully-manicured hands under my un-deodorized armpits and lifting me off the toilet . 
 it 's like we 're in a toilet ballet , my body leaping up above his , suspended for a few seconds , and all i can think is my arm is dripping toilet water all over a cashmere suit that costs more than my student loan balance . 
 my second thought : this will be one hell of a story to tell at our wedding reception . 
 our eyes lock as the toilet roars , and if we were anywhere else i could imagine this was a waterfall on a deserted island in the middle of the south pacific , the two of us the only people inhabiting the island , forced by pure survival to have sex like monkeys and procreate to save the human race . 
 a sacrifice we both suffer through . 
 except i 'm not on an island with this man , whose arms do n't even seem to strain under my size-sixteen weight . 
 my br ** sts bob as he makes split-second calculations without looking away from me . 
 somehow , he moves my entire body , which is now on fire from his sure touch and pure , animal strength , and sets me down without either foot falling directly in the toilet . 
 the pain of the toilet handle digging into my shoulder blade when i fell back is making itself known , and my arm is dripping , but-but ! 
 - mr. death by toilet rescue is looking at me with concern , and almost as good : i am clutching my phone . 
 this all took about five seconds , so i 'm panting , and the top knot of my already unruly hair has come undone , leaving a curtain of long waves framing my face . 
 the ends of some of it are wet . 
 oh , gross . 
 toilet arm , toilet phone-toilet hair ? 
 the first words we share finally fill the air . 
 he initiates with a grin . 
 `` we have better seats out in the dining room , you know . '' 
 `` my phone needed a bath , '' i reply , combing my hair with my dry hand , and now it 's wet , too . 
 i wonder what i look like right now , but i 'm afraid if i look in a mirror i will crawl back into the toilet and try to flush myself out of this mess . 
 `` what , exactly , have you been doing with your phone to make it so dirty ? '' 
 he asks with a leer . 
 he steps back out of the stall with a gentlemanly sweep of his arm , green eyes filled with a mixture of mirth and guardedness . 
 as he moves , he reveals a full-length wall mirror , giving me my own nightmare . 
 oh . 
 that 's what i look like . 
 anyone have a spare coffee stirrer ? 
 because i could stab myself in the eye and maybe bleed to death right here . 
 or embarrassment will kill me . 
 no such luck . 
 if embarrassment could kill , i 'd be dead nine times over by now . 
 i study myself in the mirror . 
 time seems measured by increments of incredulity , so why not make mr. toilet rescuer think i 'm even crazier by looking at my reflection like a puppy discovering `` that other puppy '' in the mirror ? 
 long brown hair , wet at the ends in the front . 
 split ends , no less . 
 who has the money for a decent cut after i needed new tires for my ancient saturn ? 
 my torn pink t-shirt and gray yoga pants make me look like your average college student , except my shoes bring me to a screeching mental halt . 
 yoga pants and one loafer , one open-toed shoe make me look like mrs. mccullahay down the street , dragging her trashcans out to the road at 5 a.m. with mismatched shoes , a mu-mu , and curlers in her hair while an inch-long ash hangs out of her mouth . 
 `` at least i do n't smoke , '' i mutter . 
 then i remember where i am , and look slowly to my left . 
 mr. smirky suit leans casually against the scarred , dented stall wall , his face settled into a look of amusement now , but he 's not going anywhere . 
 feet planted firmly in place , i realize he 's giving me that look . 
 no , not that look . 
 i 'd take that look from him any time . 
 i mean the look of someone who will not let me out of here without an explanation . 
 an explanation i am contractually obligated not to give . 
 outing myself as a secret shopper is verboten . 
 unheard of . 
 grounds for termination . 
 see , the first rule of mystery shopping is like the first rule of fight club : do n't punch anyone . 
 oh . 
 wait . 
 no ... it 's that you do n't talk about it . 
 ever . 
 though , sometimes , that not-punching rule comes in handy , because there are some really weird people in stores . 
 and mr. suit looks at me like i 'm one of them . 
 `` let me introduce myself , '' he says , taking the lead . 
 his body moves effortlessly from leaning to standing , then he takes two steps forward and i retreat until the backs of my calves hit the toilet rim again . 
 i 'm backing away from him and i do n't know why . 
 `` declan mccormick . 
 and you are ? '' 
 instinct makes me reach my hand out , and he 's clasping mine before we both realize it 's the toilet-contaminated hand . 
 he pretends it 's perfectly normal , keeping strong eye contact and pumping my hand like it 's the handle to a well . 
 except his fingers are warm , soft , and inviting , the touch lingering a little too long . 
 his eyes , too . 
 they study me , and not like he 's cataloging my features so he can file a police report or have me section 35 'd for being a danger to myself and others . 
 i am being inventoried in the most delicious of ways . 
 as a professional whose job it is to inventory customer service in business , i have acquired a set of unique skills-but more than that , i now have a sixth sense for when i 'm being detailed . 
 and oh dear ... there goes that flush . 
 and not the toilet kind . 
 i realize we 're still shaking hands , and his eyes are taking me in . 
 `` uh , shannon . 
 shannon jacoby . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 i find my voice . 
 he looks around the room and bursts out laughing , a flash of straight white teeth and a jaw i want to nuzzle making me inhale sharply . 
 that laugh is the sound of extraordinary want entering my body , taking up residence low in my belly , and now waiting for a chance to pick china patterns and paint colors to really consider itself at home . 
 go away , want . 
 i 've banished you . 
 want ignores me and settles in , cleaning out the cobwebs that have taken up residence where i used to allow desire and hope and arousal to live . 
 squatter . 
 `` shannon , this has to be the strangest way i 've ever met a woman . '' 
 one corner of his mouth curls up in a sexy little smile , like we 're on a beach drinking alcohol out of coconuts carved by cupid and not in a ratty old bathroom with a fluorescent tube light that starts buzzing like a nest of mosquitoes at an outdoor blood bank . 
 `` you do n't get around much , then , '' i say . 
 my toes start to curl as my body fights to contain the wellspring of attraction that is unfurling inside me . 
 no . 
 just ... no . 
 i ca n't let myself feel this . 
 you spend enough time trying not to feel something and all that work gets thrown away with one single flush . 
 he does that polite laugh thing , eyes narrowing . 
 i decide to just stare openly and catalog him right back . 
 brown hair , clipped close , in a style that can only come at the hands of a very expensive salon owner . 
 the bluish-gray suit , textured and smooth at the same time , shimmering and flat as well under the twitchy light . 
 skin kissed by the sun but also a bit too light , as if he used to spend a lot of time outdoors but has n't recently . 
 a body like a tall tennis player 's , or a golfer 's , and not my dad with his pot-bellied buddies getting in a round of nine holes at 4 p.m. just so they can have an excuse to drink their dinner . 
 declan is tall and sleek , confident and self-possessed . 
 he moves like a lion , knowing the territory and owning it . 
 always aware of any movement that interests him . 
 i 'm 5 ' 9 '' and he 's taller than my by at least half a foot . 
 tall girls always do a mental check : could i wear high heels with him ? 
 steve hated when i wore high heels , because it put me eye-to-eye with him . 
 `` what are you doing in the men 's room ? '' 
 he asks , smirking at me . 
 i tuck my phone into the back waistband of my pants . 
 if there 's a chance in hell it 's still on , he might see the screen and figure out who i am . 
 my wits begin to return to me . 
 a zero-sum game forms in my body : wit vs. a body part that rhymes with wit that starts with c and that stands for trouble . 
 wit is losing . 
 `` i must have gotten confused . '' 
 i fake-rub my eyes . 
 `` forgot to grab my glasses on my way to class this morning . '' 
 his eyes narrow further , staring into mine . 
 am i imagining it , or did his face just fall a bit with disappointment ? 
 my heart shatters into a thousand tiny shards of glass that i feel like i just swallowed . 
 `` class ? 
 you 're a student ? '' 
 his eyes rake over me and there 's a flicker of comprehension there , like some details that did n't gel are making sense to him . 
 when you trap yourself into a corner , always take someone else 's out when you can . 
 `` sure . 
 yes . '' 
 `` what class ? '' 
 my heart is still jumping around in my chest like my little nephews at an indoor trampoline park after drinking a full-caf frozen mocha . 
 now he wants to chat while we stand in front of a toilet ? 
 and ask me questions about a class i do n't really take ? 
 `` excuse me , '' i say , gesturing with the grace of a three-legged moose on skis . 
 `` while i am certain that meeting over a toilet in the men 's room right after my hand has been in places that brothel workers in mumbai wo n't touch is scintillating , i would prefer to step out of here and escape eau de urinal . '' 
 `` you have n't answered my question . '' 
 he is immutable . 
 heat on legs . 
 his pulse shows on his neck , right under the sharp curve of his tight jaw , and i want to kiss it . 
 press it . 
 feel it and let my own heartbeat join in . 
 `` i did n't realize i was under your command , sir , '' i retort , saluting him with a rush of sarcasm bigger than my pent-up frustration . 
 his eyes deepen as he pivots just enough for me to get past him , our bodies brushing against each other with a heat that seems to treble with each nanosecond . 
 i move into the area around the sinks and grab a paper towel , then turn the faucet on , careful to make sure my fingers do n't touch the gleaming metal . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 declan asks . 
 why wo n't he leave ? 
 surely someone dressed so nicely has stocks to broker , people to doctor , or laws to lawyer . 
 women to wetten . 
 you know . 
 `` do you have any idea how germy bathroom sinks can be ? 
 i always do this , '' i explain , even as my head screams invective and tells me i do n't have to explain anything . 
 `` nice of you to protect the other patrons . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` if anything is germy ... '' his voice fades out into a low sound in the back of his throat . 
 it sounds like something you 'd hear in a locker room or at a hunting club . 
 he gestures toward my arm . 
 damn . 
 he 's got a point . 
 i ca n't even argue , because he 's right-but that never stopped me before . 
 `` toilet water-clean toilet water , and that one had been flushed before i reached in-is surprisingly sterile . '' 
 `` sterile ? '' 
 `` okay , '' i backpedal . 
 `` reasonably clean . '' 
 `` are you from the health department ? '' 
 his question sounds like a threat . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you just troll men 's rooms and spout microbiology statistics like a professor for ... kicks . '' 
 he says it in that maddening way men have of making everything seem like it 's a fact , even when they 're really asking a question . 
 which was worse : having him think i was amy from big bang theory or just some crazy woman who crashes men 's rooms and has a fetish for sticking her hand in the toilet ? 
 -lrb- not that there 's anything wrong with amy . -rrb- 
 i finish washing my hands and turn to grab a piece of paper towel , only to find declan holding one out for me . 
 `` aha ! 
 so now i understand , '' i say , nodding slowly as i accept the paper towel and dry my hands . 
 `` you 're the bathroom attendant . 
 where 's your tip cup ? 
 you 've definitely earned a little something . '' 
 the air tingles between us , and it 's not the deodorizer machine spritzing the room . 
 `` i 've earned a little something , '' he echoes in a voice loaded with suggestion . 
 it 's not a question . 
 just then , the door bursts open and mark j. rushes in , eyes wild and frantic . 
 he sees me and gasps , making a high-pitched noise that you would expect from a forty-something middle-aged pearl clutcher and not a guy who looks like he last starred on some cable reality television show called fast food wars . 
 `` you ! '' 
 he screeches . 
 `` a customer said they saw a woman walk into the men 's room . 
 i did n't believe it ! '' 
 declan reaches out for mark j. 's arm . 
 i lose track of time . 
 how many seconds did it take for this to go from bad to worse ? 
 my cover can not be blown . 
 `` she just wandered in by accident , '' declan explains . 
 `` or she has a fetish . 
 we 're sorting it out right now . '' 
 i glare so hard at him the hand dryer spontaneously starts . 
 `` why is she covered in water ? '' 
 my sleeve is soaked and the ends of my hair are wet . 
 mark looks at declan and sees water spots on his jacket . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 the sound is so soft i barely hear it , but from the look on declan 's face he hears it , too . 
 his eyes close and jaw tenses . 
 this is a man who is not accustomed to suffering fools gladly . 
 so why is he even talking to me ? 
 `` i see , now . 
 fetish ... i did n't mean ... '' mark j. 's eyes plead with declan to help explain what is going on , because it 's clear from the worker 's panic that he has about three different theories , two of which involve me and declan breaking public decency laws and one of which involves questions about my biological gender . 
 none of his scenarios , though , involve my dropping a smartphone while completing a mystery shop , so i 'm safe . 
 `` i 'll leave you two to whatever ... it was ... you were doing , '' mark j. says as his fingers scramble to open the door and get out . 
 `` what do you think , '' declan says , eyes still on the pneumatically wheezing door , `` he thinks we 're doing in here ? '' 
 `` twerking ? '' 
 my mind races a thousand miles a minute , covering territory from remembering how many toilet paper rolls were in each stall to imagining declan na ** d with a can of whipped cream and a bowl of fresh cherries beside the bed to reminding myself i have n't shaved in days . 
 i am a modern-day renaissance woman . 
 maybe my eyes give me away during that nude vision of declan , because the room rapidly becomes warmer and his eyes go dark and hooded as he takes another step toward me . 
 two more and we 'll touch . 
 three more and i could kiss him . 
 `` i do n't twerk , '' he whispers , one hand twitching as if it wants to touch me . 
 `` i do n't do any of the things mark j. thinks i do , '' i whisper back . 
 and then i cringe , because ... `` mark j. ? 
 you memorized his name tag ? '' 
 one of declan 's eyebrows shoots up , and it 's the sexiest look ever , like george clooney and channing tatum and sam heughan rolled into one . 
 `` he 's ... uh ... '' `` oh , '' declan says , his nostrils flaring a bit , lips tight to hold back a smile . 
 `` i see . 
 he 's your ... '' the words go low and declan makes a few guttural noises and nose twitches that either mean he has a mild case of tourette syndrome or he 's suggesting that i 'm doing the nasty with mark j . 
 this is where the path diverges in the woods , and i ? 
 i took the path most likely to humiliate me . 
 for the sake of being a professional . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i shout as the door opens and in walks a very confused kid who looks to be about ten years old . 
 he double-checks the main door , then gawks at me , slack-jawed and wide-eyed . 
 i like that . 
 kids are honest . 
 declan 's all smoke and whiskey with me , teasing and playing with me , and i have been up since 4:12 a.m. being texted by secret shoppers who dropped acid and saw unicorns . 
 do n't play games with me . 
 `` yes , that 's right ! 
 mark j. and i are doing it , '' i whisper in declan 's ear as the kid runs back to his table and i work on my own escape . 
 `` we do it in the walk-in cooler , right by the salad bins . 
 he lays me out over the break table outside and always throws the cigarette butts in the ashtray away . 
 a true romantic . 
 on uniform delivery day he 's right there in the truck with me , careful to keep the apron clean while meeting my needs . 
 mark j. is the man . '' 
 i inch over to the door and sprint out to my car as mark j. , now safely behind the front counter , shouts , `` have a good day ! '' 
 chapter four my hands shake as i climb in my unlocked car and rifle under the driver 's seat in search of my keys . 
 i find the giant screwdriver . 
 yes , that is my `` keys . '' 
 the original key broke off in the lock a few months ago and my mechanic-aka my dad-stripped out the lock and now i shove a giant flathead screwdriver into the ignition and turn and pray . 
 that 's the closest thing in my life to something being inserted into a hole every day . 
 the car turns over and i gun the engine . 
 after backing up slowly , the car vibrates as i make a right turn onto the main road and head to the office . 
 the vibrations are n't from the car , which runs smoothly once you actually get it started . 
 those are my nerves jangling a mile a minute , my body in some kind of post-urinal shock . 
 i examine my hand . 
 the toilet hand . 
 and then i lean back and feel a bulge at the base of my back . 
 and not the fun kind . 
 dirty hand reaches back and finds my sweaty smartphone . 
 the screen is not glowing , and it seems to have developed a sheen of sweat . 
 or maybe that 's from me . 
 running from the restaurant to my car was about the most exercise i 've had in months . 
 as the familiar roads come into view and i guide my car on autopilot back to my apartment , i try to unwind the crazy , jumbled mess of threaded thoughts that ca n't untangle just yet . 
 hot guy . 
 hiding in the men 's room . 
 dropping my phone in the toilet . 
 being caught with my hand in there . 
 being rescued and dripping toilet juice on hot guy . 
 and that was the good part of the morning . 
 my phone makes a creepy bleating sound , like baby seals dying at slaughter . 
 the screen flickers like it 's the last known electronic signal after nuclear war . 
 i try to shut it off but it just continues making an anemic whirring sound . 
 this is what robots sound like when they die . 
 the noise will invade my dreams for the next few weeks . 
 a deep breath will cleanse me . 
 no dice . 
 how about two ? 
 nope . 
 nuthin ' . 
 ten do n't really help . 
 by the time i 've tried twenty-three deep breaths , i am home and feeling a little faint , with tingly lips . 
 let 's not add syncope to my growing list of very bad things that happen on a mystery shop . 
 i park in my assigned spot next to the trashcans , kill the engine , and slowly bang my forehead against the steering wheel . 
 twenty-three bangs actually calm me . 
 dented brow and all . 
 by the time i stop , i feel like i can handle a basic shower . 
 that 's more than i was capable of ten minutes ago . 
 other than a shower with mr. suit . 
 who are you , a voice asks me , and what have you done with asexual shannon ? 
 sitting out here with my dented head and confused heart wo n't get me anywhere . 
 amanda 's probably frantically trying to find me , and a search party worthy of a missing malaysian jet is about to be triggered if she calls my mom . 
 my mom can be a bit dramatic . 
 a bit . 
 the way miley cyrus can be a bit controversial . 
 i sprint into my house , holding the phone like it 's a bomb . 
 my apartment is a garage . 
 mostly . 
 i live above a two-car garage in a neighborhood right behind a college , a one-bedroom place i share with my sister . 
 it requires actual exertion on my part to enter and exit . 
 twenty-seven nearly vertical steps get me to my front door . 
 an actual key -lrb- as opposed to a screwdriver -rrb- opens the front door , and then bam ! 
 i 'm assaulted by a glaring cat . 
 my cat makes grumpy cat look like rainbow brite . 
 if glares could peel paint , i could hire out chuckles to a paint contractor and quit my job , living off my pet 's singular skill . 
 people who think animals have expressionless faces are like people who can ignore an open package of oreos . 
 not quite human . 
 chuckles-who probably started glaring after we named him as a puffball kitten ten years ago-sits primly in front of the door , a sentry serving as witness to some oversight of mine . 
 with a guilty look , i survey my kitchen , which is the first room you walk into in my apartment . 
 water dish full . 
 food dish half full . 
 litter box-full . 
 ah . 
 `` i 'm sorry , chuckles . 
 i was too busy putting my hand down a human toilet today . 
 i 've had quite enough of excrement today . 
 but i 'll change it anyhow , because if you look at me like that much longer i 'll burst into flame and they 'll find us in a few weeks , you noshing on my crispy legs . '' 
 `` you should think about the fact that you say more to your cat than you do to your own mother , '' satan says from behind my ficus plant . 
 i scream . 
 chuckles screams . 
 i pick up chuckles and fling him at the plant , which serves exactly three purposes . 
 first , it reveals my stupidity . 
 second , it makes chuckles plot my death on a whole new level . 
 and third , it makes my mother sidestep the whole fiasco with the fluid movement of a woman who teaches yoga , leaving her to glare at me with a look that makes me realize exactly where chuckles learned it from . 
 `` nice guard cat , '' my mom says . 
 she holds her purse over her shoulder and keys in her hand . 
 `` before you ask , '' she adds as i press my palm over my heart , willing it to stay in place as chuckles ' death ray of magnetic harm tries to pry it out of me , `` amanda called and told me she could n't reach you . '' 
 `` i 've been unavailable by phone for no more than thirty minutes . 
 thirty minutes ! 
 and she sends out the national guard . '' 
 mom looks triumphant . 
 marie jacoby is what all my friends called a milff-mother i 'd like to flee from . 
 a little too tan , a little too blond , a lot too judgmental . 
 my mother does n't greet you with `` hello . '' 
 `` you should '' is her salutation of choice . 
 `` you should consider yourself fortunate . 
 some young girls would be falling all over themselves to have a mother who cares so much , '' she grouses . 
 `` first off , i 'm not a girl . 
 and second , you 're right . 
 how about i sell you on ebay as mother of the year ? 
 you 'd fetch a great price . '' 
 one eyebrow shoots up . 
 one perfectly threaded eyebrow , that is . 
 no stray hair can live on mom 's face . 
 she visits the mall weekly and the women at the threading spa not only know her by name , they know her preferred coffee order from the little espresso place next to the escalator . 
 she peers intently at me , her eyes that luminous sapphire i still envy . 
 i got dad 's dirt-brown eyes . 
 `` you 've met someone , '' she crows , plopping her oversized fake prada bag on my scarred thrift shop table . 
 which means she is here to talk . 
 `` how do you do that ? '' 
 i screech , channeling the same inner fifteen-year-old she can conjure at will with just two sentences and one knowing look . 
 her eyebrow climbs higher . 
 `` so i 'm right . '' 
 she stands and gives my coffee machine an appraising look . 
 it is an espresso machine i 'd gotten on a mystery shop for a high-end cookware store . 
 `` make me a coffee and i 'll only ask the basics . '' 
 `` blackmailer , '' i mutter , but i know the score . 
 do this and she 'll leave me alone . 
 argue and i am in for the full hover-mother treatment that makes the nsa look like spy kids . 
 i grab the can of ground espresso out of the cabinet above the sink and she makes a guttural sound of reproach . 
 ignoring her , i fill the machine and make sure there is enough water . 
 sometimes , pretending she did n't make a noise works . 
 but not this time . 
 `` look at the food in your cabinets ! 
 coffee . 
 sugar and sweetener packets . 
 ketchup and soy sauce packets . 
 sample-size cookies . 
 teeny packages of microwave popcorn . '' 
 `` i eat a perfectly fine diet , mom , '' i mutter as the machine begins to hiss . 
 or maybe that 's me . 
 it 's hard to tell . 
 she waves a perfectly manicured hand dismissively . 
 the nail polish matches a thin line of mauve that runs as a single stripe through her shirt . 
 `` not for you . 
 for the man you 'll entertain ! 
 he ca n't see that . 
 that 's not wife and mother material . 
 no woman who makes a good wife keeps a pantry like that ! '' 
 `` last week you were feminist crusader mom , telling me how proud you were that i finished my degree and support myself ! '' 
 this is a well-worn argument . 
 since she turned fifty a little more than two years ago , and as her friends are all getting to momzilla their way through their daughters ' weddings , mom has become zealously devoted to finding me a man . 
 not just any man , though . 
 a man worthy of a farmington country club wedding . 
 mom 's phone rings . 
 `` you sexy thing '' fills the room and chuckles makes a disapproving sound eerily similar to my mother 's . 
 i seize my chance . 
 `` got ta wash the toilet water off my arm ! '' 
 i call back as i pad to the bathroom and turn on the shower , drowning out whatever comments she peppers me with . 
 stripping out of the pajamas i 've been wearing for far longer than their shelf life feels like shedding a skin . 
 the tiny , hot pinpricks of escapism give me ten minutes to cleanse myself and to think . 
 or not think . 
 mom chats on the other side of the bathroom door , blissfully unaware that i am not listening . 
 or commenting . 
 or responding in any way , shape , or form . 
 that does n't stop her . 
 i turn off the shower spray and hear her shout , `` and so that 's how janice 's daughter found out her and her husband 's toothbrushes had been shoved up the robbers ' butts . '' 
 whoa . 
 as i towel off , my reflection opens its mouth and closes it a few times , wondering how i am expected to respond to that . 
 some things are best left to the unknown . 
 as i open the door , a plume of steam hits mom . 
 `` my hair ! 
 my hair ! '' 
 she shouts . 
 i inherited her limp hair and dad 's eyes , which is so totally backwards . 
 dad has lush hair that my sister , amy , got-perfect spiral curls that rest elegantly in auburn tendrils against her back . 
 and mom has those blue eyes . 
 i look in the mirror and declan 's name runs through my mind , planted there by my subconscious . 
 if i say a word about him to mom then she 'll be planning the wedding and have him in a headlock , demanding a two-carat ring before he can say `` hello . '' 
 i walk into my bedroom wearing a towel , and stop short . 
 clothes are laid out on my bed for me . 
 `` what am i ? 
 four ? '' 
 i mumble . 
 then i grudgingly put them on , because mom does have good taste . 
 the adobe shirt she pairs with navy pants and a scarf i never use looks more stylish than i want to admit . 
 `` i can color code your wardrobe for you , shannon , '' she shouts from the hallway as i dress . 
 `` you should start a clothing line . 
 garanimals for adults . 
 it would be very popular ! '' 
 she takes my comment at face value . 
 `` what a great idea ! 
 i 'll ask amy what she thinks . 
 maybe we can do one of those crowd-funding things to raise money for it like amy does . '' 
 amy is an intern at a venture capital company . 
 so not the same thing as kickstarter or indiegogo . 
 i do n't correct mom , because it 's about as useful as correcting vladimir putin about the ukrainian/russian border . 
 `` who was on the phone ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` amanda . 
 she wants you to call her . 
 what 's wrong with your phone ? '' 
 `` i dropped it in a toilet on a shop this morning . '' 
 mom 's face freezes in an outrageous o. `` you did n't ... retrieve it ? '' 
 the only thing mom fears more than never marrying off a kid at the farmington country club is germs . 
 `` i stuck my hand in the toilet in the men 's room and saved it , even as i flushed ! '' 
 i say with glee . 
 she glares at me . 
 chuckles leaves the room , clearly outclassed . 
 `` men 's room ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` where do you think i 'm meeting men ? '' 
 `` oh , shannon , '' she groans , reaching for the espresso i made for her before the shower . 
 it 's likely tepid by now , but that 's how she likes it . 
 `` have you become so desperate ? '' 
 `` i know the men 's room is a bit - '' `` no-the men 's room is ingenious , actually . 
 no competition , except with the g * y ones . '' 
 she drinks the entire espresso in one gulp and slams the cup down like it 's a shot competition during spring break in new orleans . 
 `` i mean , really ? 
 on a mystery shop ? '' 
 she says the last two words like gwyneth paltrow says the word divorce . 
 `` so let me understand , mom . 
 trolling the men 's room is a clever way to meet a man , but doing so during a mystery shop is debasing ? '' 
 she quickly pulls my unruly hair into an updo and bobbypins appear in her mouth like she had them shoved up her nose the entire time , waiting for the perfect moment to correct my hairstyle . 
 `` it 's just ... '' she sniffs . 
 `` what kind of man will you meet at a burger joint ? 
 or a car wash ? 
 getting your oil changed or buying a bagel sandwich ? '' 
 her face perks up . 
 `` is there an elite level of mystery shopping ? 
 who are the secret shoppers for neiman marcus , or the omni parker house ? 
 what about tiffany 's ? '' 
 her eyes glitter . 
 `` now that would be one way to meet the right kind of man . '' 
 `` the right kind of man . '' 
 i ca n't keep the disdain out of my voice , but an image of declan flashes through my mind . 
 that smile . 
 `` you wo n't meet him on your eighth bagel sandwich dressed like a college student on the fourth day of exams with a bad case of lice , '' she adds . 
 `` i do n't have lice ! '' 
 `` well , honey , you looked like it . '' 
 `` mom . '' 
 i steel myself . 
 `` this has been great . 
 really . 
 but i have to go . '' 
 i grab my purse and throw a few cups of white rice in a baggie , then shove my phone in it . 
 `` but i need to get to work . '' 
 `` we need to talk , shannon - '' `` bye ! 
 and change chuckles ' litter box for me , would you ? 
 he looks like he 's about to go in the zen rock garden . '' 
 and with that , i run down every one of those twenty-seven steps , grateful for my escape . 
 chapter five the drive to the office gives my body a chance to settle in to the day . 
 awake since four a.m. , it is screaming for some kind of break . 
 or maybe that is my inner thighs . 
 they begin to spasm and ache , and not in that stretchy-groany kind of way after a long weekend of incredible sex . 
 squatting on the toilet has , apparently , led to a fair amount of injury . 
 great . 
 add this to the growing list of occupational hazards . 
 if only declan had been responsible for this burning ache in a decidedly more delicious way . 
 daydreaming never hurt anyone , right ? 
 i let my mind wander , wondering what he looks like out of that suit . 
 in bed . 
 under bright white sheets on a crisp spring day , windows open and gauzy curtains billowing with the breeze , the air infused with the scent of sensual time . 
 would he be a patient lover , taking every curve and valley of my body with a slow touch that built to a crescendo ? 
 or an intense , no-holds-barred bedmate , with fevered kisses and unrestrained hands that need and knead , fusing us together in sweaty promises of nothing but oblivion ? 
 a new kind of ache emerges between my thighs , and it 's closer to the kind i wish i 'd had with him . 
 for the first time since our meeting a few hours ago , i let myself laugh . 
 really giggle , with belly moving , abs engaged , and chest whooping with the craziness of it all . 
 was he laughing , too ? 
 i feel a blend of incredulity and shame inside me , too , but there 's a lot more amusement . 
 never one to shy away from self-effacing humor , this event will be reshaped and i 'll retell it to my friends , crafted in a way that makes everyone think , that silly shannon . 
 is declan even thinking about me at all ? 
 the laughter dies inside fast . 
 maybe i 'm just some whacko woman he humored as he now tells scathingly nasty stories to his work buddies about the chubby chick he found squatting on the men 's room toilet , fishing her phone out . 
 am i the butt of jokes ? 
 does he describe me with vicious derision , using me as a quick one-off story , the office equivalent of a viral buzzfeed link that makes people pause , point and laugh , and move on ? 
 a lump in my throat tells me i care way too much about what he thinks . 
 why am i fantasizing about a guy who trapped me in a toilet stall while i was on a mystery shop ? 
 because you 're that desperate , my mother 's voice hisses in my head . 
 i throw an imaginary cat at her . 
 the company i work for , consolidated evalu-shop , incorporated , is in a building as nondescript as the business 's name . 
 if boring had a name , it would be consolidated evalu-shop . 
 the building is made of block concrete . 
 the interior steps are concrete as well . 
 no carpeting anywhere , leaving the hallways to echo . 
 if stalin 's army had designed an office building , this is what it would look like . 
 fortunately , our actual office has carpet . 
 cheap industrial carpet that is about as thick as a gambler 's wallet the day after payday , but it 's carpet . 
 it pads our feet and keeps the floor warm . 
 i open the main door and walk into the office . 
 there is a reception area the size of two or three graves shoved together without any chairs , and then to the right a long hallway , with three offices on either side . 
 at the end of the hall is something the owner , greg , calls a `` kitchen '' but i call it a supply closet with a sink in it . 
 want coffee ? 
 get it from the donut shop next door . 
 same if you need to respond to nature 's call . 
 greg does n't provide fancy fringe benefits like bathrooms , microwaves , coffee machines , or even pens . 
 he uses the freebies he gets at the bazillion marketing conventions he attends -lrb- on the company dime , of course -rrb- . 
 to be fair , we get plenty of freebies in this line of work , too . 
 you go to enough mystery shops at banks and open a new account , you get to keep your free pens , notepads , water bottles , can cozies , toasters , smartphone cases , and other assorted swag that you receive . 
 greg is super-cheap about outfitting the office , but he does n't skimp on health insurance . 
 i might make slightly more than a full-time assistant manager at the gap , but i have one hundred percent employer-paid health insurance , so i 'm not complaining . 
 plus , he pays mileage for all our driving . 
 which adds up , fast . 
 you drive a piece of junk like i do and you need the fifty-five cents for each mile to feed the hamsters that keep it going . 
 `` oooh , someone got lucky last night . 
 you 're walking like a woman who got what she needed and then some , '' josh says , winking as i limp into the office . 
 josh is the company tech expert , which means we all think he 's a little bit shaman , a little bit magician , and mostly a nerd . 
 my glare should make him spontaneously combust , or at least turn into a hedgehog with a profound case of psoriasis , but no such luck . 
 `` not even close . 
 i hurt my inner thighs sitting on the toilet this morning . '' 
 his eyebrows shoot up and disappear into his disappearing hairline . 
 `` you need more fiber . '' 
 `` i need a lot of things , josh . '' 
 limp . 
 limp . 
 i feel like i 've been riding a shetland pony for three days . 
 at least i do n't have saddle sores . 
 but josh 's original idea , of having a man do this to me in bed ... mr. sexy suit comes to mind . 
 not the pompous ass who made me flush my own hand and cell phone , but the one i turned into mr. dreamy before the great toilet fiasco of 2014 . 
 i have the second door on the left , sandwiched between josh and amanda . 
 my office smells like pine and vinegar , which means it must be thursday . 
 the cleaning crew came through the night before . 
 i hang up my purse , pull out the baggie with rice and my phone in it and put it in my windowsill to bake in the sun , and flip my computer on . 
 amanda 's left a note on my desk : leave it for two days in a baggie full of rice . 
 if it does n't work , we 'll get you a new one . 
 greg wo n't be happy , but too bad . 
 hope your hand does n't fall off from germs . 
 it 's so nice to have a friend who really gets your ocd phobias . 
 or who understands your mom . 
 or both . 
 `` shannon ? 
 i recovered your data , '' josh says , scaring the hell out of me . 
 he moves like a vampire , suddenly behind you in your office . 
 i think he likes it . 
 office sadist . 
 but i forgive him , because what ? 
 `` you recovered my shops ? '' 
 hope springs eternal . 
 `` it 's all in the cloud now , so thank me for setting that app up and forcing greg to spend money on something worthwhile . 
 everything is in there but the last one , because you did n't hit save . '' 
 i get a scowl that makes me think chuckles is more evolved than most humans . 
 josh looks like a lamb pretending to be mad . 
 `` i was perched over a men 's toilet trying not to watch a man whip it out . 
 do n't you dare shame me . '' 
 `` the only shame is that you did n't try to look when he whipped it out , '' josh says , eyes twinkling . 
 `` you recovered all eight shops ? '' 
 i 'm incredulous . 
 this is making my day already , and it 's only 11:37 a.m. . 
 he nods . 
 i throw my arms around his neck and hug him . 
 `` i would french kiss you if you were n't g * y , '' i murmur . 
 `` you keep this dry spell up and you 'll start french kissing me even though i am g * y , '' he mutters , shaking his head . 
 `` if the only action your inner thighs are getting is while hiding from a hot guy in the men 's room of a shop , it 's time for a lifestyle evaluation . '' 
 `` let 's mystery shop shannon 's life ! '' 
 amanda squeals , appearing at the perfect moment . 
 the perfect moment to go through another episode of let 's dissect poor shannon 's failed love life , that is . 
 my mother would emcee it . 
 we 're on season three , episode five by my count . 
 netflix should pick this one up . 
 people could binge watch and point to the tv as they laugh , feeling a sense of relief while thinking , at least i 'm not as bad as shannon . 
 i could provide an important public service . 
 `` what about hot guy ? 
 did he ask for your number ? '' 
 shannon and mom had clearly connected . 
 `` i 'm sure he hits on all the women he meets who have their arm flushed down a toilet in the men 's room . '' 
 does he ? 
 because if he 's met more than me that way , then it 's really not me . 
 it 's him . 
 `` sample size of one ! '' 
 she chirps . 
 `` you stand out from the crowd . '' 
 `` i 'm the only one who could give him e. coli by feeding him grapes ! '' 
 i look nervously at my hand . 
 it looks the same . 
 `` you did n't catch his name ? '' 
 josh asks . 
 i freeze inside . 
 declan mccormick is on the tip of my tongue , but i keep it behind my teeth , like a candy you savor and suck on . 
 heat creeps up my chest and neck as i think about things on declan i could suck . 
 i shake my head hard , like a dog after a swim . 
 `` nope . 
 just really rich , really confident , and enough of an ass ** le to make me want him . '' 
 all three of us wistfully sigh in unison . 
 they believe the lie . 
 they should . 
 we 're all really good liars . 
 you kind of have to be in this business , because you spend so much time pretending to be something you 're not , all while evaluating the surface level of people . 
 it 's a cold job when you think about it that way . 
 now i frown and amanda looks at me with concern . 
 then i realize she has black hair again . 
 fourth color change in four months . 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 i ask as she follows me into my office . 
 yesterday she was a blonde , and the shift is jarring , like she 's gone from looking like a beach bunny to a dominatrix . 
 `` carole flaked on the hair salon shop , so i had to go to yet another color , cut , and style , '' she says sadly . 
 she touches the ends of her hair . 
 `` i look like morticia addams . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` you look like katy perry . '' 
 amanda is the cheerleader type . 
 was in high school , still is . 
 and yes , i 'm lying a little , because amanda actually has near-zero similarity to katy perry other than black hair and red lips . 
 in fact , right now , she 's staring at me in a creepy way with that new hairdo , like that woman on the oddities san francisco show . 
 like she either wants to tell me a secret or stick me in a jar with preserved three-headed piglets from 1883 . 
 `` you got all your shops in ? '' 
 `` eight out of nine . '' 
 she looks at the wall clock in the hallway . 
 `` twenty-three minutes to get the last one in and we get credit for exceeding client expectations . '' 
 `` but-um-hello ? 
 toilet water ? 
 dead phone ? 
 hot guy ? '' 
 i ca n't catch a break . 
 `` hot guy or no hot guy , we have that big meeting at four today with anterdec holdings , and if we get this all in on time it makes it much easier to land a client so big greg will have to start turning the heat up over fifty-five in the winter . '' 
 `` you know how to improve company morale . 
 do n't tease me , '' i say , pretending to fan my face . 
 `` next thing you know you 'll tell me we 're allowed to turn the overhead lights on after sundown . '' 
 `` do n't push it , '' she says in a fake flat voice . 
 but with the new hairstyle she makes my abs tighten with fear . 
 i flinch . 
 she sees it and frowns . 
 `` you look like something out of a bdsm novel , '' i explain . 
 one corner of her mouth hitches up . 
 it 's half adorable and half chilling . 
 `` really ? 
 too bad i 'm not dating anyone right now . 
 this is just going to waste . '' 
 her hand sweeps over her face . 
 `` ha . '' 
 `` twenty-one minutes ! 
 hurry ! 
 once we have all the shops in the system we can do a quality-control check and go to this big meeting with an unblemished record . 
 and then maybe they 'll give us the fokused shoprite account . '' 
 amanda says this with a triumphant grin . 
 my jaw drops . 
 `` we have a shot at sniping one of their accounts ? '' 
 fokused , or foked , as we call them , is our archenemy ... er , competition . 
 consolidated and fokused are the biggest consumer experience and marketing firms in the city , and the rivalry is strong . 
 if my little toilet-hand fiasco had cost us this account , i would have not only cried , greg would have sold my office furniture out from under me and spent the $ 17 it was worth on coffee for the rest of the staff out of sheer anger . 
 my computer boots up and i log in to the website interface , a zing of thrill flooding my extremities as i see all complete shops from this morning , except that red ninth one . 
 incomplete . 
 incomplete this , sucker . 
 ten minutes later , i am stuck with one final question . 
 `` is the bathroom aesthetically pleasing ? '' 
 i let my mind drift to declan , remembering those smoldering eyes , the tightly muscled jaw , how his cheeks dimpled when he laughed . 
 the snug cut of his tailored jacket across those broad shoulders and how strong and sure his hands had been on me , making certain i did n't fall . 
 into the toilet , that is . 
 can a relationship develop from two people who meet like this ? 
 am i hopelessly dreaming ? 
 or am i doomed to live the rest of my life surrounded by men at fast food restaurants on $ 5 sandwich day , or guys opening new accounts at banks to get a free pair of tickets to a big amusement park , or - i take a slow , deep breath and remember the heat of his fingers on my arm . 
 the warm questions in those eyes . 
 the willingness to laugh with-okay , at-me . 
 i click yes and then submit , ready to perform the killer client pitch of my entire career . 
 chapter six amanda and greg like to pretend that they 're the experts at client pitches , but while they 're good openers , i 've become the closer . 
 and in business , the closer is everything . 
 i have this innate sense that tells me how to fine-tune my words and convince a wavering vice president of marketing , or director of consumer relations , or vice president of let 's invent a title for the owner 's son , that consolidated evalu-shop , inc. will help their company usher in a new wave of business that positions them at the vanguard of a paradigm shift in the industry . 
 see ? 
 i 'm good . 
 marketing really is n't anything more than word salad , and i do n't mean the schizophrenic kind . 
 learning to speak business jargon fluently is definitely an acquired skill . 
 growing a penis is another one . 
 have n't mastered that just yet , though if i could , i would . 
 you know how many female vps i meet ? 
 maybe one in fifty . 
 presidents ? 
 one . 
 ever . 
 a smattering of directors , more assistant directors , and then the glut of `` coordinators , '' which can mean anything from an underpaid , overworked equivalent of a vice president but without the paycheck to a glorified secretary . 
 and when you walk into a meeting , you have no idea what you 're dealing with . 
 guess what my title is ? 
 yep . 
 marketing coordinator . 
 `` they emailed me this morning , '' greg says . 
 i take a good look at him . 
 one thing i have to give to greg-he cleans up well . 
 he 's a little younger than my dad , which makes him mid-forties or so . 
 you know-old , but not ancient . 
 brown hair , thinning out , and cut super short the way guys who wo n't quite admit they 're balding cut their hair . 
 his wife made him ditch the old 1980s frames he used to wear for a sleek updated look , and his suit is tailored , which it has to be . 
 the beach ball masquerading as a stomach needs to fit . 
 `` portly '' is the genteel term for what greg looks like . 
 he 's a great santa at christmas over at the community center , and today he looks like a distinguished gentleman ready to play hardball at the boardroom table . 
 `` what 'd they say ? '' 
 amanda is wearing a long , gray pencil skirt with a slit up the back . 
 nothing too racy , but with her curvy h * ps it looks business sexy . 
 red silk shell and black blazer . 
 with the black hair and red lips , she has the look down . 
 i have to stop myself from calling her mistress . 
 `` they want to expand the account by sixty percent . 
 into their high-end properties . '' 
 amanda and i suppress twin squeals of excitement . 
 anterdec owns an enormous chunk of real estate , hospitality companies , and restaurants in the area . 
 if they have fewer than two hundred properties , i 'd be surprised . 
 an account this big , including their luxury hotels , fine dining , and elite transportation services , could turn consolidated into a major player in marketing services for enterprise companies . 
 -lrb- see how i did that ? 
 i should be a highly paid copywriter . 
 instead , i spent the ten minutes after we got here using a lint roller to peel cat hair off greg 's back . -rrb- 
 `` you want first dibs on mystery shopping the fort ? '' 
 greg 's words make my heart soar . 
 amanda 's eyes open so wide i think one will fall out . 
 the fort is the exclusive waterfront hotel in boston . 
 rumor has it the mints on the pillows have mints on them . 
 sheiks and royalty from around the world stay there when they are in town . 
 a night in a standard suite costs what i make in a month . 
 `` dibs ! '' 
 i hiss . 
 amanda snarls . 
 `` down , you two . 
 if this goes through , there will be more than enough shops for both of you and josh . 
 the luxury shops will be handled in-house . 
 i might need to add employees . '' 
 `` you might need to add heat and a toilet , '' amanda cracks just as the receptionist catches our eye and motions toward the board room . 
 we are in the financial district of boston , where people like me notice the nearest starbucks or boloco , but folks like the vice president for marketing at anterdec notice which building has a helipad for helicopter landings . 
 three suited men are turned away from us as we enter , their heads huddled in discussion . 
 one head is gray , two are brown . 
 no women . 
 of course . 
 `` advantage already . 
 no women , '' greg whispers in my ear . 
 he is the opposite of sexist . 
 he pays all of us , male or female , the same crappy salary . 
 the office is gorgeous . 
 i 'd expected a sleek , black and gray glassed room overlooking the building across the narrow road ; the financial district is n't close enough to the water for everyone to get their sliver of a view of the ocean . 
 but this . 
 we are on the twenty-second floor and the window looks out over a rooftop terrace next door , covered with topiary filled with ... pacman ? 
 `` is that a pacman maze on that rooftop , or am i nuts ? '' 
 i whisper to amanda , who stifles a giggle . 
 `` big video-game development company next door . 
 their ipo just happened . 
 i hear one of the perks of working there is that they deworm your dog or cat on site while you work . '' 
 i open my mouth to say something back , when the three men turn and stand , facing us . 
 my mouth remains open . 
 one of the men is declan mccormick . 
 his eyes meet mine and five different emotions roil through that chiseled jaw , those sharp eyes , that sun-kissed skin . 
 most of them are scandalous . 
 all of them make my toes curl . 
 and then his face spreads with the hottest , warmest , most mischievous smile i have ever seen on a man who has taken over my damn senses , and he says : `` toilet girl ! '' 
 chapter seven there are so many ways the next few seconds can unfold . 
 i can pretend i do n't know what he is talking about and remain professional , giving him nonverbal cues and hoping he is decent enough to play along . 
 i can turn around and run screaming from the building . 
 i can laugh nonchalantly and step forward with grace , offering my hand and telling the story with self-deprecating sophistication and wit so overwhelming that i clinch the deal right here . 
 instead , amanda blurts out , `` that 's hot guy ? '' 
 declan 's face goes from joyfully amused to ridiculously gorgeous as he tucks his chin in one hand and tries not to laugh . 
 the gray-haired man looks from declan to me with an annoyed expression , the kind you only see on men who do n't like to be left out of knowing the score , and who are accustomed to having everyone make them the center of attention . 
 the other brown-haired man takes a step forward and offers his hand to amanda , who is standing a step closer to them than i am . 
 `` hello . 
 i 'm andrew mccormick , and you are ... ? '' 
 `` amanda warrick , '' she says with a clipped , professional cadence . 
 the lingering handshake is mutual , though . 
 he seems to drop her hand with great reluctance , then turns to me . 
 `` my brother calls you toilet girl , but i 'm going to assume that 's a stage name ? '' 
 amanda snickers . 
 greg looks like i just drop-kicked his christmas morning puppy out the twenty-second-story window . 
 declan watches me with deeply curious eyes and a flame of interest that makes the room feel like we 've moved to the equator , and the gray-haired man clears his throat . 
 `` you look a bit ... flushed , '' he says to me with a confused smile , but impish eyes . 
 i can see what declan will look like in thirty years . 
 the room descends into chaotic laughter . 
 `` shannon jacoby , '' i say , ignoring the howling monkeys and reaching out to shake what i assume is james mccormick 's hand . 
 the ceo of anterdec , i 've researched him thoroughly , but never in a million years put the mccormick name together with declan . 
 amanda does the personal background research , and i mentally kick myself for not reading her brief . 
 then again , i did n't exactly plan to have meghan drop nine shops on me in the wee hours of this morning . 
 `` i take it you two have met ? '' 
 andrew says to me and declan , his hard stare at his brother making it clear he expects the full story later . 
 `` careful , dad-you do n't want to know where that hand 's been , '' declan says dryly as the elder mccormick and i grasp hands for a quick shake . 
 `` may i speak with you for a moment ? '' 
 i ask declan through a gritted-teeth smile . 
 anger blazes bright in me , turning a heat that had been uncomfortably sultry into a fiery mix of professional offense and uncontrollable lust . 
 declan comes over next to me and places his hand on the small of my back as if to guide me to a quiet corner of the room so i can hiss at him while the others introduce themselves . 
 we both freeze . 
 the touch of his palm , polite but firm , makes my entire body pulse with electricity and groundedness . 
 his hand represents some core i did n't know i lack . 
 our breath becomes one , and i will myself not to look at him , because if i do , what will i see in his eyes ? 
 anything but the same feelings i have right now will destroy me . 
 and the not knowing is easier to live with than certain rejection . 
 he leans down , hot breath tickling my ear , blowing lightly on the strands of hair that escape my up-do . 
 `` i 've been thinking about you all morning , '' he rasps . 
 a million snappy comebacks flood my mind , but i hold them in check . 
 deflecting this-this supernova of attraction-can only happen for so long . 
 declan and i are at the vanguard of a monumental paradigm shift , all right . 
 and all the business jargon in the world ca n't stop me from what fate has in store . 
 `` toilet water has that effect on men . 
 they ought to bottle it and sell it at the perfume counter of neiman marcus . '' 
 he does n't react . 
 at all . 
 no snort of laughter , no eye roll of derision . 
 just a heat that radiates off him and makes me simmer . 
 `` what were you really doing in that bathroom ? '' 
 he finally asks , the hand on my back moving in slow circles . 
 it 's the briefest hint of touch , but it makes me lean in to him , and i smell him , a mix of musk , cloves , and sophistication . 
 `` you clearly were n't a student on her way to class . '' 
 `` plentyoffish.com was n't doing it for me , so ... '' `` you 're on the market ? '' 
 declan asks . 
 `` no boyfriend ? 
 what about mark j. ? 
 all that sex in the cooler , next to the salad bins . '' 
 i am going to scream . 
 `` you called me toilet girl at a business meeting , '' i say , remembering my anger . 
 all i want to do is to become a puddle of shannon at his feet and evaporate magically to reconstitute in his bed . 
 especially if the sheets smell like him . 
 but i am standing here in professional dress , having added a blazer to the outfit my mom coordinated for me , and greg is staring at us like two giant dollar signs are popping out of his eyes . 
 `` and i 'm hot guy ? '' 
 his voice has a touch of steel behind the amusement . 
 he 's got me there . 
 `` how about hot guy and toilet girl get a cup of coffee after this meeting and see what happens ? '' 
 he asks , pointedly ignoring everyone else in the room . 
 `` you 're asking me out at a client pitch meeting ? '' 
 i ask , incredulous . 
 my career rests on this account . 
 if greg does n't get this deal , i 'm stuck mystery shopping podiatrists and insurance agents forever . 
 `` would it help if i confess you 're my first ? '' 
 `` you 're a virgin ? '' 
 i sputter , just as the senior mccormick clears his throat and declan and i look up , startled . 
 from the mr. bill looks of shock on everyone 's face , they 've heard my last question . 
 `` if we could get back to business , '' james says , motioning all of us to sit at the large oak table . 
 it easily seats twenty and has carved legs thicker than my thigh . 
 and let me tell you , that means it 's nice and big , like something from the teddy roosevelt administration . 
 the entire office reeks of man . 
 thick , brown leather couches and pub chairs . 
 ornate persian rugs bigger than the entire footprint of my parents ' house . 
 heavy wood fixtures and frank lloyd wright-inspired glass lamps . 
 make that original frank lloyd wright designs , most likely . 
 my face on fire , among other body parts , i sit at the table . 
 declan takes a seat across from me . 
 my view faces the window , and it 's amazing . 
 and the sky is damn nice looking , too . 
 greg rambles for five minutes about marketing crap that used to be important to me , but now all i can do is sneak looks at declan and wonder how on earth i can put the genie back in the bottle . 
 i do n't want to be attracted to him . 
 i do n't want to be attracted to anyone . 
 my good nights involve cuddling with chuckles on the couch while i binge watch seasons of television shows on netflix with my favorite crab rangoon and hot 'n' sour soup takeout from the place down the street . 
 the guy knows me so well he lets me tip him an extra $ 3 to hop over to the convenience store and get my favorite pint of ice cream . 
 now that 's love . 
 even if you have to buy it . 
 this kind of interest in and from a man is deadly . 
 it kills hope . 
 because here 's how it works : i like him . 
 he likes me . 
 we bump uglies in bed . 
 i want to talk about emotions . 
 he wants to talk about anything but . 
 i want a future . 
 he wants another girlfriend . 
 see ? 
 i can write the script and deliver it done . 
 lather , rinse , repeat . 
 steve dumped me because i wanted a future and he wanted the female equivalent of a hood ornament . 
 which , as i smooth my shirt over my ample hips , i am not-in steve 's eyes . 
 the woman he turned to after me is poised , well-coiffed , has a master 's in public health from harvard , and comes from a family that was among the original mayflower descendents . 
 my mendon roots ca n't compete . 
 why am i thinking about steve right now ? 
 i wonder , though as i take in the surroundings as amanda steps up and recites statistics about new product testing and upselling by clerks in the anterdec fast-food chains , i realize why . 
 because steve should be sitting at a table like this . 
 probably is , right now , in fact . 
 negotiating some business deal with a group of smirking suits who view every woman they work with as a coordinator . 
 i watch declan watching amanda , and really look at him . 
 he 's serious now , eyes tracking the powerpoint slides as she clicks through , graphs and charts aligned beautifully to nail the entire point of this meeting : we know our stuff . 
 you want to improve customer service , cut down on employee theft , help raise retention , and grow your customer base ? 
 let me lurk in your men 's rooms and report back what i see . 
 what i saw this morning is suddenly staring back with a wolfish look so deep that i feel raw and vulnerable , like our suits , the rugs , the business paraphernalia is all just a prop to cover up the fact that we 're primal beings who simply want each other . 
 this is new . 
 this is too much . 
 someone says my name . 
 they say it again . 
 then i feel a massive pain in my ankle . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 i utter . 
 amanda 's glare is even sharper than her ankle as it crashes into mine again . 
 she 's kicking me . 
 `` it 's your turn , closer , '' she whispers . 
 i look around the table . 
 james , andrew , and greg look at me expectantly . 
 i stand , completely rattled . 
 the deck i prepared is on the same laptop amanda 's been using , but it 's like i 've lost all organizational capacity in my mind . 
 declan wo n't stop looking at me like that . 
 like that . 
 like he 's watching me na ** d and he 's nude and rising up to meet every square inch of my ... james starts to frown while andrew gives amanda a knowing look . 
 i clear my throat , but before i can say anything , declan interrupts . 
 `` we have another meeting to get to , '' he says . 
 `` we do ? '' 
 andrew interrupts , then , `` ow ! '' 
 i get the impression amanda 's not the only one kicking ankles , because declan gives his brother a fierce look . 
 `` we do . 
 and as the new vice president of marketing , i 'm the decision maker here , right ? '' 
 he looks at james with a hard stare . 
 all the friendliness drains out of the room . 
 greg looks like he 's about to throw up , then pastes on a sad smile . 
 `` is there a reason why you wo n't have me finish the presentation ? '' 
 i ask , my voice spiked with ice . 
 if he 's going to be an ass ** le and cut me short , and this has all been some kind of game , i 'm not leaving without having my say . 
 i 've been through enough presentations like this to know that if you can get the senior executive on board , even if the other two do n't like it , you have a fighting chance . 
 `` oh , you 'll finish it . '' 
 declan 's voice is dismissive . 
 it makes my jaw ache , and i bite my tongue . 
 `` but i ca n't now . '' 
 he becomes a smartphone zombie , avoiding eye contact . 
 he 's blowing hot and cold like the old heater in greg 's office . 
 james stays quiet . 
 i get the sense it 's not his normal state . 
 his eyes flick over me , then back to declan . 
 `` of course , it 's your call . '' 
 `` but my presentation has some hard data that could really affect your decision , '' i say . 
 i 'm not going without a fighting chance . 
 `` i 'd like to reschedule your presentation , '' declan says as he strides toward the door . 
 andrew follows him , slowly and with the stance of someone who is not accustomed to being the follower . 
 `` when ? '' 
 greg asks . 
 `` tonight . 
 shannon and i will have a dinner meeting . 
 seven . 
 wear something nice , '' he says over his shoulder as he walks out . 
 fury washes over me and i stand , crossing the big room in seconds . 
 my hand reaches out for his shoulder and he turns around , eyes cold , looking down on me . 
 `` you ca n't just order me to go on a date with you ! '' 
 i cry out . 
 the receptionist cocks her head , listening . 
 `` who said anything about a date ? '' 
 his face is inscrutable . 
 `` it 's a business meeting . 
 leave your address with stacia and she 'll have a driver sent to your home . '' 
 and with that , he stalks out . 
 i start to follow him , but amanda and greg appear . 
 `` he ca n't do that ! '' 
 i sputter to greg . 
 back me up , dude , i think . 
 james mccormick comes out , a bemused look on his face as he stares at me . 
 `` ms. jacoby , i assume you can give a good show for declan tonight ? '' 
 show ? 
 what am i now ? 
 who cares about this stupid account ? 
 i 've been turned into a boy toy in seconds by mr. asshole in a suit , and i 'm about to give the mccormicks a piece of my mind . 
 greg pipes up , finally . 
 good . 
 here we go , boss . 
 defend me . 
 `` shannon would be delighted . 
 i 'm sure declan will love whatever she shows him tonight . '' 
 and with that , james mccormick leaves us , disappearing back into the football-field office . 
 i spin in outrage to greg . 
 `` thanks for pimping me ! '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` the guy said business meeting . 
 if that 's what it takes to land this account , you can talk about process flow and customer satisfaction over candlelight , right ? '' 
 `` you ever been told by a vp of marketing to ` wear something nice ' and had a limo sent to your home for a business meeting ? '' 
 silence . 
 `` look at it this way , '' amanda says , slinging her laptop over her shoulder and shooting me a sympathetic look . 
 `` it has to be better than the way you met for the first time . '' 
 `` and you ! '' 
 i hiss . '' 
 ` hot guy ' ? 
 seriously ? 
 you just ... i do n't even know you people . 
 it 's like you 've become my mother ! '' 
 they both shudder . 
 `` that 's kind of low , shannon , '' amanda mutters as we walk to the elevator . 
 greg scurries over to stacia the receptionist and i hear him giving her my address . 
 my god . 
 it 's like my mother has been tutoring him . 
 `` and whoring me out to the vp of anterdec industries is n't ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure he wo n't do anything inappropriate , '' greg says as he catches up to us . 
 `` bummer , '' amanda says . 
 greg 's turn to look outraged . 
 he 's old enough-barely-to be our father , and while most of the time he acts like a peer , this is n't one of those moments . 
 a paternalistic air fills the space between the three of us . 
 it 's more what i 'd expected back in that meeting , and i would have appreciated it then , but i 'll take what i can get . 
 `` you absolutely do not need to go to this business dinner tonight , '' he says , resolute . 
 amanda 's neck snaps back with surprise at the firmness of his words . 
 `` i 'll go instead . '' 
 `` wear something nice , '' amanda chirps . 
 he scowls . 
 my stomach sinks . 
 i want him to say that , but i do n't want him to follow through . 
 being alone with declan on a date-er , business dinner-sounds like heaven . 
 this is my big chance to prove i am more than toilet girl . 
 more pragmatically , if we can mix business and pleasure , why not snag a multimillion-dollar account , too , while i am at it ? 
 the entire conversation taking place in my head makes me need a shower to wash off how dirty i feel and to need a shower with declan . 
 mmmm , declan in the shower , soaping me up , and - `` see how distraught she is ! '' 
 greg whispers to amanda . 
 `` look at that blank stare . '' 
 amanda snorts . 
 `` i think she 's drooling , greg . 
 that 's the look of a woman dreaming about hot guy . '' 
 he looks offended . 
 `` why would anyone be ... you women are so ... i do n't understand ... '' we climb on the elevator and he pushes the close doors button . 
 he 's still sputtering when we hit the parking garage level where his car is parked . 
 `` and besides , what do you think your mother would say if she knew ? '' 
 `` she 'd offer me up just like you did , greg . 
 and go home and cut an extra foot up the slit of any dress i have . 
 she 's a better pimp than you when it comes to dating a billionaire . '' 
 `` he 's not a billionaire , '' is all greg can come back with . 
 `` he will be when he inherits his share of anterdec . '' 
 amanda speaks with the authority of someone who has snooped through every nook and cranny of a man 's google results . 
 a dizzy wave of overwhelm makes me cling to the iron-pipe bannister of the concrete steps near greg 's car . 
 `` a billionaire ? '' 
 mom would get her farmington country club wedding and more if i. . . 
 stop ! 
 `` you feeling faint , shannon ? '' 
 greg pauses , looking at me intently . 
 `` you seem fragile today . '' 
 a look of sheer horror passes over him while i struggle to keep down my bites of all those early-morning bagel sandwiches . 
 `` you 're not ... you could n't be ... you know ? '' 
 he mimes a basketball in front of his already-basketball-sized belly . 
 `` what ? 
 a sumo wrestler ? '' 
 amanda mimics with startling brutality . 
 `` pregnant , '' he whispers . 
 the two of them look at each other with twin expressions of shock and dissolve into hooting laughter , the kind where you wipe your eyes and hope you do n't pee your pants . 
 `` not funny , '' i say . 
 `` we know . 
 you ca n't be pregnant . 
 it would be the immaculate conception , '' amanda squeaks . 
 my dizziness passes . 
 `` done making fun of me ? 
 let 's get going . '' 
 they compose themselves and greg beeps his car to unlock it . 
 we climb in . 
 i take the front seat and amanda grumbles . 
 i summon a chuckles-worthy glare and she cowers , climbing in without another peep . 
 `` what 's your rush ? '' 
 greg balks as i tap my foot impatiently . 
 `` i have to find something nice to wear tonight . '' 
 chapter eight `` you snitch ! '' 
 it 's 6:45 p.m. and i am being held hostage by terrorist extremists with a list of demands that make al-qaeda look like preschoolers playing pirate . 
 `` i did n't mean to tell her , '' amanda insists . 
 `` she asked me about hot guy and - '' `` i can hear you . 
 i 'm two inches from your mouth , '' mom says , waving an eyeshadow wand like she 's conducting the boston pops . 
 occasionally it actually hits my eyelid . 
 she wo n't admit she needs bifocals ; her glasses are pushed so low on her nose they might as well be in albany . 
 she ca n't see a thing , and i 'm rapidly fearing i look more like pennywise the clown than olivia wilde . 
 mom promised me she could make me look like her , or scarlett johansson , or jennifer lawrence with enough time and high-end makeup . 
 right now i 'd settle for retaining full vision in my left eye , which she has now poked twice with the eyeshadow wand . 
 `` you have to look good to catch a billionaire 's eye , '' mom says . 
 then she frowns and , lord have mercy , puts down the eyeshadow wand . 
 `` i know , '' i simper . 
 `` what about the rest of you ? '' 
 her eyes comb over her work so far . 
 i think she 'd like to produce the mona lisa , but is going to have to settle for lisa simpson . 
 `` the rest of me ? 
 i shaved my legs and armpits . 
 plucked my eyebrows - '' `` is that 's what 's different ? 
 what did you use , honey ? 
 a weed whacker ? '' 
 i look at her . 
 she flinches . 
 i swear the corners of chuckles mouth turn up a tad . 
 `` you can leave now , '' i say for the umpteenth time . 
 `` it 's a business dinner . '' 
 `` did you shave ... you know ? '' 
 she points vaguely at my crotch area . 
 `` my knees ? 
 yes . '' 
 i 'm playing dumb on purpose . 
 `` no ! 
 your pink bits . '' 
 i choke and cough uncontrollably . 
 i am not having this conversation , am i ? 
 seriously ? 
 what did i do in a past life to deserve this ? 
 i was eva braun , was n't i ? 
 `` all the girls your age do it . 
 you 'd think having a pubic hair or three was some kind of social crime . '' 
 she 's talking , and the words are coming out , but i ca n't hear her over the lambs screaming in my head . 
 `` then again , men your age have come to expect a smooth chuckles , so ... '' chuckles arches his back , the hairs rising on end , and he opens his mouth , hissing . 
 `` a smooth what ? '' 
 `` chuckles , '' she whispers , enunciating the word . 
 he hisses at her . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` p-u-s-s-y , '' mom spells out . 
 `` that 's the word your father likes to use now that we need to spice things up in the - '' `` hari-kari ! 
 give me a kitchen knife ! '' 
 i shout just as my sister , amy , walks in the door . 
 `` to kill mom , or you ? '' 
 she 's carrying a bag of groceries and an extremely large foam hand . 
 `` either . 
 both . 
 mom was just telling me allllll about how dad likes to talk dirty in bed . '' 
 amy blanches . 
 `` mom ? 
 boundaries ! 
 please ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 it 's not like that time i told you about needing a new diaphragm because it kept slipping during sex and making those strange sucking sounds . '' 
 i think even chuckles turned pale at that one . 
 mom keeps going . 
 `` your father said the sounds reminded him of darth vader . 
 so then we had this whole role-play thing going on with princess leia and han solo ... '' my cell phone rings with a text . 
 sweet jesus , thank you . 
 saved by the limo driver . 
 `` got ta go ! '' 
 i say . 
 `` what 's with the foam finger ? 
 you got a date with robin thicke ? '' 
 amy gives me a look like a dog having its eyes poked out by a toddler . 
 `` where are you off to ? '' 
 she tosses the foam finger at chuckles , who flees . 
 she never answers my question , though , because mom decides to be the town crier . 
 `` shannon has a date with a billionaire ! '' 
 mom exclaims . 
 `` oh ? 
 and i 'm engaged to the leprechaun from the lucky charms cereal ! '' 
 amy replies , clapping her hands with fake glee . 
 i 'm out the door before i can hear more . 
 except the limo driver is n't who greets me when i get down my twenty-seven steps in high heels made of what feel like five-inch hatpins . 
 it 's declan . 
 mom insisted i wear a little black dress , with an emphasis on `` little . '' 
 i 'm a dd up top . 
 her spaghetti-strap ensemble left the equivalent of girl scout badges covering my boobs . 
 my tailored blazer with scalloped edges works well . 
 mom 's borrowed diamond necklace and earrings make the picture . 
 as long as i do n't twist an ankle or take out a small pet with my high heels , i should be fine . 
 declan is wearing what looks like a tuxedo , but without the tie . 
 he approaches , and there 's a moment where the setting sun is behind him and frames his body , the hues of rose and violet streaking the gray sky . 
 he saunters toward me with a look of total absorption , eyes only on me , hungry and appreciative . 
 my core tightens and fills with an unfamiliar feeling . 
 desire . 
 he reaches for my hand and just holds it . 
 he smells like soap and cloves and aftershave . 
 i want to taste him . 
 he looks like he wants to devour me . 
 `` hello ! '' 
 says someone from behind me . 
 i close my eyes and wince as my mother breaks her you should rule and calls down to us from the top of my stairs . 
 `` you kids have fun . '' 
 `` it 's not the prom , mom , '' amy shouts through my open apartment door . 
 `` of course it 's not , '' mom snaps . 
 `` shannon had those really bad cramps that night and her date got lice , so it 's not like she ever even went ! '' 
 amy 's face appears at the door for a fleeting second before she drags my protesting mother inside . 
 slam ! 
 i blink three or four times , silent . 
 declan 's thumb begins to move back and forth , slowly , maddeningly , like it 's gentling a spooked horse . 
 his hand is shaking a bit . 
 not from nerves . 
 because he is laughing . 
 i jerk my hand away , remembering myself . 
 this is a business meeting . 
 business . 
 pure business . 
 `` i promise i do n't have lice , '' he says . 
 i almost snap back , and i do n't have my period right now , but i already want to crawl into a hole and die . 
 why add to it ? 
 `` not having lice is a great quality in a vp of marketing . 
 especially since so many of them are louses . '' 
 `` ouch . '' 
 `` hey , i aspire to be one someday . '' 
 `` shannon jacoby , head louse . '' 
 his face hardens as he realizes what he 's said versus what he clearly meant . 
 `` that just sounds all kinds of wrong , declan . '' 
 `` how about we both stop talking and just get in the limo . '' 
 it 's not a question . 
 his hand lands on the base of my back and we both freeze again . 
 electricity travels in a full circuit between our two bodies . 
 his pulse becomes mine . 
 the tiny hairs on the wrist i can see stand up slowly , as if summoned , just like - well , just like something else on his body , i imagine . 
 the hand on my back slides up my spine , over the fine wool of my jacket , sinking into my loose hair , respectful but sending one hell of a signal . 
 there is no pretense here . 
 i do n't have to guess whether he 's interested . 
 and my signals are so clear that the only way i could be more obvious would be to rent a billboard and hang a twenty-foot color photo of myself na ** d with the caption `` i will sleep with you , declan . '' 
 it ca n't be this easy , can it ? 
 my mind spins as his fingers move along the tender skin of my neck , making me gasp . 
 i 'm looking up at him and his lips look soft . 
 tender . 
 commanding and tasty . 
 a distant sound of ringing glass fills the air . 
 it 's distinct and cuts through the spell between us . 
 declan looks back toward my front door . 
 my mother is standing next to the open window with a wine glass and a spoon , gently chiming it like she 's at a wedding reception and calling for the bride and groom to - `` kiss ! 
 kiss ! 
 kiss ! '' 
 she chants . 
 declan looks at me , and with a deadpan expression says , `` i think your mother wants us to take this nice and slow . '' 
 amy yanks mom out of the window and i hear muffled yelling . 
 i grab declan 's hand and pull him to the limo door . 
 the driver opens it and i climb in so fast and so inelegantly i hear my skirt split up the seam in the back . 
 declan hears it , too , but sits back in the beige leather seat and ogles the vast expanse of creamy skin my mishap now exposes . 
 a scene from a movie i saw recently , where a couple has sex in a limo , the woman in a ball gown , straddling the man , picks this exact moment to make a re-entrance into my psyche , plaguing me . 
 `` nice legs , '' declan says . 
 `` i 'll bet you say that to all the marketing coordinators . '' 
 he starts to say something , and i add , `` and to none of the marketing vice presidents . '' 
 he thinks about that for a second and says , `` you got me there . '' 
 chapter nine our eyes lock . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 it 's a relief to make simple small talk . 
 he names a restaurant i 've always wanted to try , but needed to date a billionaire to afford . 
 oh . 
 `` sounds good , '' i say , nodding . 
 leaning back against the buttery leather , i try to take in my surroundings without looking like a major gawker . 
 the leather seats hug my body better than any knockoff tempur-pedic memory foam like mom and dad have on their bed back home . 
 a small fridge and a few decanters of what i assume are spirits dot the edges of the enclosed space . 
 the limo looks like it could seat six comfortably , eight in a pinch . 
 with just two of us in here , there 's plenty of room to stretch out . 
 go horizontal . 
 or straddle . 
 i close my eyes , willing the sensual images that flood my brain to stop . 
 declan 's steady breath does n't help , cutting through me like he 's syncing it with the pictures in my mind . 
 the scent of him fills the air between us and i feel charmed . 
 and doomed . 
 declan chooses to say nothing , just watching me as if it 's the most natural thing in the world . 
 his eyes take me in and i wonder how i appear to him . 
 loose , long hair . 
 makeup mostly where it 's supposed to go . 
 a curvy body in a dress meant to ooze sophistication . 
 a tailored , feminine blazer that says i might be sexy underneath , but i 'm all business on the outside . 
 my inner world is crumbling , brick by brick , and declan 's holding the sledgehammer that demolishes me . 
 women like me do n't ride in cars like this . 
 we do n't get invited out for a dinner-business or pleasure-by men like declan . 
 and we certainly do n't entertain wild ideas about happily ever after with men who will go so high in the business world that women like me are just , well ... coordinators . 
 whatever delusions i hold inside about his attraction for me are there only because he 's looking at me like he really means it . 
 as if i am as beautiful and desirable as his look says . 
 he 's very good at pretending that i 'm worth the attention . 
 his phone rings , making me jump . 
 his breathing stays the same , and his sleek , fluid movement impresses me . 
 nothing seems to rattle him . 
 with dulcet tones , he talks to someone named grace , the cadence of their conversation quickly familiar to me . 
 scheduling helicopters and private jets may be out of my realm , but i know a logistics talk when i hear one . 
 grace is probably his executive assistant . 
 something about new zealand , a reception , and then a return flight to the west coast pops up through their twenty-minute conversation . 
 i spend the time willing my heart to stay in my chest . 
 if i were n't such a cheap date i 'd knock back a shot of whatever is in the crystal decanter at my elbow , an amber liquid that looks good . 
 but two drinks and i 'm quite tipsy . 
 three and i 'm drunk . 
 four and i 'm singing `` bad romance '' at full blast in a really cheesy karaoke performance . 
 whether there 's a karaoke machine or not . 
 declan shoots me apologetic looks every so often , and i just smile without teeth . 
 a shrug here and there helps communicate that it 's okay . 
 i get it . 
 and i do . 
 in fact , the phone conversation helps me to bring my overwrought self back to center . 
 business . 
 this is business . 
 i 'm not on a date with him . 
 we 're talking about a few million dollars a year that his company wants to spend for a specific value premise , and my company would love to receive that money to offer services . 
 that 's it . 
 this is a transaction . 
 not a relationship . 
 and certainly not an affair . 
 `` it 'll be at the restaurant ? '' 
 declan murmurs into the phone , then his face goes neutral but the skin around his eyes turns up a touch , like a smile without his lips moving . 
 grace says something . 
 declan replies , `` good , '' and hangs up abruptly . 
 it would be rude if it were n't shorthand . 
 i 'm sure grace is doing a dance she and declan know all too well , keeping the ship running smoothly through the careful discarding of unnecessary social expectations for the sake of ruthless efficiency . 
 he tucks the phone inside the breast pocket of his suit jacket just as the driver slows the limo , bringing it to a gentle halt . 
 i look out the window . 
 we 're here . 
 except the entrance we use is most definitely not one for the hoi polloi . 
 would n't want the unwashed masses rubbing elbows with the richie-riches , right ? 
 my own bitterness surprises me , and i have a hard time looking at declan for a minute or two . 
 his eyes shift ; he sees it , and wants to say something , but does n't . 
 instead , the driver opens my door and declan 's hand comes out to take mine . 
 my heart seizes with the touch of bare skin on bare skin . 
 jesus . 
 if the man can get me this close to an o holding my hands , i 'll stroke out if we ever make it to a bed , naked . 
 and there i go again ... what is wrong with me ? 
 i do n't do this . 
 i do n't think like this . 
 not only do i not randomly strip strange men na ** d with my mind and have little p ** n o movies in my head about them , i do n't even think about one-night stands . 
 the only guys i 've ever slept with were friends first . 
 good friends . 
 the slow , leisurely meandering to physical affection and something more , carefully measured out and talked through is more my speed . 
 i like to take things slow . 
 to reveal myself layer by layer to men . 
 to dip a toe in the water and pull back . 
 i 'm the kind of person who gets into a pool one inch of flesh at a time , pausing to shiver and acclimate . 
 declan is the sexual equivalent of doing a cannonball . 
 at 4 a.m. . 
 in march in northern vermont . 
 as i climb out , my torn skirt shows so much thigh i might as well have given birth . 
 declan 's eyebrow arches with appreciation . 
 controlling my breathing is becoming a second job . 
 i stand and he reaches for me again , his hand on my back , and he smells like cloves , cinnamon , and tobacco . 
 not cigarettes , though . 
 `` do you smoke ? '' 
 i ask as he leads me to an enormous oak door that opens suddenly , a concierge standing there in full tux . 
 `` no . 
 that 's dad 's pipe you smell . 
 we were working late at the office . '' 
 it 's cardamon and bengal tea spicy yumminess . 
 i want to brew him in hot water and drink him . 
 we enter a room with an arched ceiling so high i expect to look up and see god with his finger outstretched . 
 the dusky night shines through rounded windows at the peak . 
 dark mahogany covers the walls and muted lighting gives the restaurant a womblike feel . 
 i can see past the front desk into the main dining room , where thick burgundy curtains frame each table . 
 this is a place designed for privacy . 
 `` ms. jacoby . '' 
 the maitre d' appears , a man who looks to be about my father 's age , with gray hair and a salt-and-pepper goatee . 
 he 's shorter than declan , but lean , like a triathlete . 
 dressed in a tuxedo slightly different from the man at the door , he exudes luxury and service . 
 in his hand is a small white box with a bow and a gold paper medallion on it . 
 he holds it out to me . 
 puzzled , i look at declan , who just smiles . 
 i slide my fingernail along the gold seal and open the box . 
 it 's a corsage . 
 `` what ? '' 
 a sentimental laugh fills me , and suddenly i 'm at ease . 
 `` you missed your prom , so i thought ... '' declan has been calm , cool , and collected until this moment . 
 right now , he looks like a nervous seventeen year old , though he covers it quickly , eyes going back to a hooded , careless look quite fast . 
 i pull it out of the box and pin it to my blazer . 
 it 's a tasteful set of small red and white roses with a sprig of baby 's breath around it . 
 simple . 
 elegant . 
 special . 
 i stand on tiptoe and kiss his cheek . 
 my lips graze his jaw as i step down . 
 he 's clean-shaven , but the rasp of my skin against his makes my entire body fill with instant lust . 
 `` this is the nicest gesture anyone has ever done for me at a business meeting . 
 normally i 'm lucky to have my own laptop outlet . '' 
 i ca n't say what i really want to say , a mixture of gushing gratitude and joy that my babbling adolescent self is screeching inside . 
 the words thank you and he likes me ! 
 echo a thousand times a second through my mind and heart . 
 the box disappears as if the maitre d' were dumbledore with a wand , and he leads us back to a table for four , shrouded on three sides by thick velvet curtains , a dim chandelier above us . 
 declan pulls my chair out and i sit , scooching in , the press of cool leather a surprise on my upper thighs . 
 damn . 
 my skirt 's split that high ? 
 i 'm unnerved again . 
 a corsage ? 
 the heady scent of roses and caring fills the air around me . 
 declan 's looking at me with eyes that say this is not a business meeting , and my body responds to him like it has to no other man . 
 ever . 
 not even steve made me feel like this . 
 `` i did n't go to my prom either , '' he says as we settle in . 
 a waiter fills our water glasses and a bottle of wine appears . 
 before i 'm asked , a glass of red is poured for me . 
 i hate red wine . 
 `` i would have thought that you were prom king , '' i say . 
 he shakes his head , eyebrows furrowed . 
 then he waves a hand as if dispersing a bad memory . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i feel bolder now , as if i have the right to make him tell me whatever it is he was about to dismiss . 
 `` i. . . 
 i missed it because of my mother , '' he says , reluctant , as if the confession is against his nature . 
 `` your mother ? '' 
 `` she was in the hospital . '' 
 my mind races to recall all the details amanda and i learned when we researched anterdec after our meeting . 
 i know the name is the amalgam of the three sons ' names : andrew , terrance , and declan . 
 an ter dec. . 
 but mrs. mccormick ... i do n't remember anything about her . 
 `` she died the day after my prom , '' declan says softly . 
 our eyes meet , and mine must be horrified , because he reaches out for my hand to comfort me . 
 he 's the one whose mother died . 
 `` you lost your mother that young ? '' 
 i ca n't help it . 
 my throat fills with sympathetic tears . 
 my mom may be a pain in the ass , but i do n't know what i 'd do without her . 
 `` it 's been ten years , '' he says thickly . 
 `` but thank you . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for reacting like that . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` like you care . 
 most people do n't let themselves have genuine reactions to anything emotional . '' 
 `` i 'm not most people . '' 
 the words come out wrong . 
 what i want to say is i wear my heart on my sleeve , but that seems too vulnerable . 
 this is just a business dinner , right ? 
 right . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say , pulling my hand away with great reluctance . 
 he squeezes it and begins to run his thumb along the soft skin of my wrist . 
 he 's not going to let me retreat . 
 `` so tell me why you need more convincing to give this account to consolidated , '' i say , trying to change the tenor of this encounter . 
 i fail . 
 `` tell me why you 're so afraid of me . '' 
 i reach for the red wine with my open hand and twirl the glass . 
 the last time i drank red wine was with steve , at our final work outing for him . 
 he dragged me along to a big dinner with his firm and i choked down a glass and a half as he sent me a million nonverbal signals throughout the entire dinner . 
 most of which involved scowls and eye rolls , because i did everything wrong . 
 declan takes a sip of his wine and returns his attention to me . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you . '' 
 i really want white wine . 
 a battle inside emerges . 
 let it go , one part says . 
 speak up and assert yourself says another . 
 billionaire grandchildren says my mother 's voice . 
 i take a big sip of the red wine and choke it down . 
 `` maybe you 're afraid of yourself , '' he says . 
 `` maybe i 'm afraid you think i 'm just being whored out by my boss so i 'll land this account . '' 
 `` maybe i do n't need sex so badly i trade accounts for it . '' 
 `` maybe that was never an option . '' 
 `` maybe i 'm more interested in knowing why you were perched on that toilet . 
 you still have n't answered my question from earlier . '' 
 that makes me laugh . 
 `` why do you think ? 
 i was finishing the last mystery shop of the day . 
 who do you think reports on the cleanliness of the bathrooms ? '' 
 that makes him pause and take another sip of wine . 
 `` never thought about it . '' 
 he 's still holding my hand , but his thumb stops moving . 
 `` of course not . 
 that 's my job . 
 not yours . '' 
 i lean in , lowering my voice . 
 `` and thank you for not asking me to count the pubic hairs on the urinal cake . '' 
 `` you 're welcome , i guess . '' 
 he does a double take . 
 `` our competitors do that ? '' 
 `` and worse . 
 do n't ask what i have to do when i evaluate a manicure salon and detail their anti-fungal procedures . '' 
 he closed his eyes , but he 's amused . 
 `` how romantic . '' 
 `` i would n't talk like this if we were on a date . 
 but this is all business . '' 
 we both look at our clasped hands . 
 then our eyes meet and he starts to say something , but the waiter appears and introduces himself . 
 a flurry of recited specials and then we order . 
 i get the filet and declan orders some complicated pheasant dish . 
 `` no salad and fish ? '' 
 he asks when the waiter leaves . 
 we 've dropped hands . 
 it feels weird to be disconnected . 
 we 're sitting next to each other , yet the table is large . 
 `` was i supposed to ? 
 is this a mystery shop and that 's the required meal ? '' 
 i 'm teasing , but it occurs to me that this is the first time i 've dined out in a long time where i get to choose exactly what i want . 
 he cocks his head and studies me . 
 in the low light of the restaurant , i can see auburn highlights in his hair . 
 `` tell me about your life . '' 
 `` wow . 
 you start small , do n't you ? '' 
 he smiles wide , flashing those perfect teeth . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` i 'll tell you about the account , '' i insist , trying hard to bring this back to business . 
 he sighs . 
 `` you have the account . '' 
 `` i do ? '' 
 i squeak . 
 `` of course . 
 now i want more . '' 
 chapter ten `` wait . 
 why did you ask about salad and fish ? '' 
 first things first . 
 `` because that 's what every woman i date orders when we dine . '' 
 `` seriously ? 
 there 's a meal code ? 
 i 'm breaking some rule by getting beef ? '' 
 `` you ordered what you like . 
 i find that appealing . 
 no pretense . 
 no affect . 
 you 're just being shannon . '' 
 which was n't enough for steve . 
 `` i 'm being the marketing coordinator for consolidated evalu-shop , declan . 
 you 've just told me we have the account . 
 thank you . '' 
 deflect deflect deflect . 
 `` no-thank you . 
 once i realized what you were doing in that men 's room , i knew we needed to give your company the account . '' 
 i almost drop the wine glass in shock . 
 a tiny splash of red wine stains the white tablecloth . 
 it looks like blood . 
 `` you knew who i was ? '' 
 `` not quite . 
 i figured you were with consolidated , though . 
 we knew your company would perform shops this week . 
 it 's one of the reasons i was there . 
 just spot-checking stores . '' 
 `` and you did n't say anything ? '' 
 `` i said a lot of things . 
 you kept your cover as much as possible . 
 even to the point of hilarity . '' 
 `` and embarrassment . '' 
 `` that , too . '' 
 `` most people find me uncouth . '' 
 okay , steve found me uncouth . 
 why am i thinking about steve right now ? 
 i should be pretending to need to use the ladies ' room and running in there to frantically text amanda and greg the good news . 
 `` anyone who thinks that is an ass who does n't know an authentic human being from a blow-up doll girlfriend . '' 
 `` i never said anything about a boyfriend , '' i protest . 
 `` you did n't have to . '' 
 i am torn between being offended and being attracted to him , the professional in me screaming that this is inappropriate , but the woman inside wanting to press myself against him and explore . 
 all i can do is make a funny whimpering sound of defeat and confusion . 
 a flicker of movement in the corner of my eye catches my attention . 
 a couple has come in to the restaurant , the woman with long , straight blond hair that reaches the cleft of her ass . 
 she 's willowy thin and wearing a tight white dress with a bright red silk sash as a belt . 
 her date is bent over , face out of sight , but i stiffen as i recognize the body , knowing those broad shoulders , that nipped waist , and the cut of the armani suit with the fraternity pin at the lapel . 
 and then steve stands up and looks into the dining room . 
 craning his neck , he 's playing the room , searching for someone he can network with and impress . 
 building a client base is important , he always said . 
 but who you run into a dinner or a bar or the gym is worth so much more . 
 his eyes land - directly on me . 
 his face turns to the right as if he ca n't believe he sees what he sees . 
 his hand on his date 's waist tightens , like he 's saying i 'm taken . 
 no shit , sherlock . 
 declan follows my stare and his eyes narrow . 
 he reaches for my hand again . 
 predatory . 
 like he 's claiming me . 
 staking out his territory . 
 maybe , steve , i 'm taken , too . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 declan asks . 
 i watch as steve 's eyes move over to declan . 
 instant recognition kicks in . 
 steve is an opportunist at heart . 
 he appears to know exactly who declan is , and this is a script i can write , too . 
 `` that 's my ex , '' i say without moving my lips . 
 `` good ex or bad ex ? '' 
 he mutters . 
 i break away and stare at declan now , because what kind of man gets the landscape of dating that well ? 
 `` social climber ex . 
 mendon girls are n't his thing . 
 he traded up for a nicer model , '' i whisper , my insides going cold . 
 declan shifts his chair a tiny bit closer to me and says through a serious expression , `` do n't do that . '' 
 `` do what ? '' 
 steve and his date are still chatting with the maitre d' , though steve points to us . 
 her eyes light up when she sees declan , and she chats animatedly with steve . 
 `` let him dictate how you view yourself . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` like it 's that easy . '' 
 `` it can be . '' 
 `` it can be , '' i mimic . 
 i reach for the wine glass and chug it all down in a few gags . 
 `` if you let it , shannon . '' 
 his eyes are serious . 
 `` why did you go all cold billionaire at the end of the meeting earlier today ? '' 
 i ask . 
 what do i have to lose ? 
 might as well just give in and be me at this point . 
 my day started in the crapper , and as steve walks slowly across the enormous dining room toward us , it looks like it 's ending with a piece of shit . 
 `` because i learned a long time ago that it 's better to have people react to you than to react to them . '' 
 stunned , i sit and ponder this , his words reverberating in my head as steve appears , gushing and complimentary . 
 `` shannon ! 
 what a wonderful surprise ! '' 
 steve 's doing his best tim gunn impression . 
 `` do n't you look fantastic ! '' 
 air kisses follow as he bends down and awkwardly embraces me . 
 i get a mouthful of blue wool lapel . 
 his date looks like she just ate a lemon . 
 `` jessica coffin , this is ... '' steve pauses . 
 declan 's hand clasps mine hard . '' 
 ... an old friend , shannon jacoby . '' 
 old friend ? 
 all righty , then . 
 if you call the woman you went shopping for engagement rings with and f ** ked for the better part of two years an `` old friend '' ... i do n't stand . 
 she reaches out and shakes my hand with a cold salmon she pretends is a palm and fingers . 
 coffin is an old new england/mayflower family name . 
 it fits her . 
 steve looks at me , then declan , then me , then declan , clearly expecting me to introduce them . 
 his eyes land on our clasped hands . 
 i 've never seen a coyote at the moment its ears pick up the sound of doomed prey , but as i watch declan watching steve , i feel like i 'm pretty close right now . 
 it 's like when animals attack : boston brahmin brawl-coming soon on the learning channel , right after honey boo boo ! 
 steve clears his throat . 
 jessica looks like a scandinavian barbie , bored to tears . 
 finally , declan stands and lets go of my hand , but plants a very territorial paw on my shoulder . 
 he gestures with his other hand . 
 `` why do n't you join us ? '' 
 i swear he growls . 
 just a little . 
 chuckles would be so cowed by the look i give declan . 
 in fact , i think i 'm channeling my cat via astral projection , because i become pure evil via my eyes . 
 declan just winks . 
 winks ! 
 how can he wink when i am killing him with my laser death stare ? 
 steve rushes to sit down next to declan , leaving jessica to stand there , the right corner of her lip twitching . 
 or a bubble of botox broke free . 
 hard to tell . 
 she clears her throat . 
 steve ignores her , about to open his mouth and say something to declan . 
 he looks like a golden retriever puppy who can barely control himself from pissing all over the foyer as he waits to be let out . 
 `` ahem , '' jessica says again , looking at steve with an icy glare that even he ca n't ignore . 
 declan remains standing the entire time and gallantly walks over to her chair , pulls it out , and inclines his head . 
 her face cracks into chunks of ice the size of glaciers , and a smile that could act as a backup disco ball emerges from her head . 
 steve is oblivious . 
 it 's his job to remain so . 
 he 's a player , a mover and shaker , a guy with one foot on the next rung of the ladder no matter where he 's at-as he reminded me a million times while we were together-and he 's got his eye on the prize , and the prize is n't jessica any longer . 
 it 's declan . 
 who looks at steve like he wants to deworm him . 
 meanwhile , my heart is dancing the cha-cha and my legs start to shake from nerves . 
 just then , the waiter comes to offer wine . 
 `` we 'd love to get another bottle of whatever declan 's ordered , '' steve says in an arched tone , one he reserves for interacting with `` the help '' when we 're in front of bigwigs . 
 that makes declan pause and look down at steve , who is now sitting across from me with a look that says , do n't blow this . 
 declan recites a few words of french to the waiter , who turns as if to go . 
 `` one moment , '' i say . 
 the waiter stops . 
 `` i would prefer a lighter white wine . '' 
 `` you ordered the beef , '' steve says , frowning . 
 `` of course you drink red with beef . '' 
 he knows i 'm a steak girl , but the way he says it makes me bristle , a streak of self-loathing fury rising in a straight line up from belly to throat . 
 the assumption that i 'm a rube who ca n't possibly know what she 's doing was part of the foundation of our entire relationship . 
 worst of all ? 
 i reinforced it . 
 not the rube part , but the belief part . 
 declan says something else in french to the waiter , who nods to me and walks away . 
 then he turns to steve and says , `` you know my name ? '' 
 steve laughs in his fakey-sophisticated way . 
 he does n't seem to realize how obviously pretentious he is . 
 i see it , dad saw it from the first handshake he had with steve , amy sees it , but so many people steve worked with never saw it . 
 it was my mom 's job not to see it . 
 all she saw when she looked at steve was harvard and farmington and little mba-fathered babies all lined up and cute in their matching hanna andersson pajamas while sleeping in their poshtots nurseries . 
 declan 's tight jaw and cold eyes tell me he sees it quite clearly . 
 `` everyone who 's paying attention in this town knows who the mccormicks are , '' steve says blithely . 
 wrong answer . 
 jessica is sitting across from declan and i 'm across from steve . 
 declan 's hand slips under the table and he leans toward me , hot palm landing on my thigh . 
 although everything below my waist is obscured by the table , it 's damn obvious what he 's doing to anyone observing . 
 steve 's face turns a pale pink i do n't recall ever seeing , and jessica 's eyes roll so hard she burns twenty calories with the motion . 
 `` paying attention is a good quality , '' declan says , turning his eyes to me . 
 he gives my thigh a squeeze . 
 i put my hand on his and try to move it . 
 it is granite . 
 something in me snaps and floods at the same time , desperation and attempts at maintaining an illusion of control all melting away with a rush of pleasure . 
 maybe it 's the wine i guzzled . 
 maybe it 's the feel of declan 's hand on my leg , half on the cloth of my skirt and half on my stockings . 
 yes , the split was that bad . 
 bad never felt so good . 
 steve is cataloging me now , his eyes done with resting on declan , instead looking at me as if he 'd underestimated the value of a discarded possession . 
 the waiter picks this exact moment to return , carrying a bottle of white and four glasses . 
 he pours a small amount in a glass . 
 declan does the necessaries , sipping and nodding with approval . 
 i receive a nice , healthy glass of white wine and then the waiter pours a twin glass for declan . 
 he offers some to jessica , who nods . 
 steve declines . 
 after replacing the chilled bottle in its ice container in a stand that now sits at my left elbow , the waiter asks jessica for her dinner order . 
 `` i 'll have a small field greens salad with vinegar and oil and the tilapia . '' 
 declan makes a noise of amusement and i try not to laugh . 
 salad and fish . 
 boy , did he call it . 
 the only way not to start giggling is to drink my wine , which i do . 
 all of it . 
 like it 's gatorade . 
 i decide right then and there to order the biggest dessert they have on the menu and eat it with gusto . 
 because i can . 
 and it wo n't have maple in it . 
 steve 's eyes bug out of his head while jessica keeps her bored expression , maybe it 's a new xanax-botox combo . 
 perhaps they inject the xanax directly under the skin , because whatever it takes to achieve a flat affect that is so utterly devoid of emotion ca n't be organic . 
 it must be manmade . 
 someone patented that . 
 except it all morphs when she talks to declan . 
 the ice queen becomes a sweet , warm princess and she is hot to snag him . 
 not that i have a claim on him or anything , though the way his hand is learning the terrain of my inner thigh makes me think he was a geography major with a keen interest in cartography . 
 i do n't stop him . 
 i do n't want to . 
 and he 's showing no signs of wanting to , either , as his fingertips graze against my skin , moving in light circles , taking their time as they feel their way through questions i know the answers to now , but ca n't quite put into words . 
 good luck , jessica . 
 you ca n't compete with toilet girl . 
 but you just keep on trying . 
 steve alternates between looking like a ferocious business insider and a wounded intern . 
 i can tell the landscape of his internal sense of the pecking order of the world has been deeply shaken . 
 accustomed to treating me like a social necessary at dinners like this , he used to think he had to carefully coach me . 
 as if i were a walking liability ready to spring a faux pas at any minute and ruin his chances for success . 
 and yet i loved him . 
 still kind of do . 
 because even now , with declan 's hand practically typing out all the sexy scenes from fifty shades of grey on my leg in morse code , a part of me wants to help steve . 
 whatever that means . 
 `` i saw the exhibit your brother has over at the bromfield , '' jessica tells declan , taking the opportunity to reach out and touch his forearm . 
 my eyes lock on her perfect , slender hand , and suddenly the only meat i want between my teeth are those fingers . 
 the possessiveness makes my body go on high alert , and declan 's hand stops moving . 
 even he can feel it . 
 he shifts his arm just so , enough to make her drop her hand as he reaches for his wine glass , giving me a sidelong glance that tells me the message was most certainly received . 
 `` the bromfield is a gallery for modern art , '' jessica says pointedly to me , leaning around declan . 
 she says it like she 's a children 's television show host explaining a new concept to an imagined four-year-old audience . 
 `` i 'm more a fountain street studios kind of gal , '' i say as i reach for the bottle of wine in the bucket next to me . 
 steve 's eyes widen a touch , the signal obvious . 
 i 'm supposed to wait for someone else to pour it , or to ask declan or steve to , or i 'm supposed to disappear into a giant sinkhole created by the gravity of my lack of manners . 
 instead , i pour the rest of the wine into mine and declan 's glasses , and gently return the bottle . 
 `` fountain street ? '' 
 jessica says , eyes as wide as saucers , a sarcastic curl to her lip as she looks with fake helplessness between steve and declan . 
 `` i do n't believe i 've heard of them . '' 
 `` they 're in framingham , '' i say , pretending not to notice the condescension . 
 she sniffs , expecting the men to join in her game . 
 framingham is a former working-class town with a city center that is not even the kind of place where jessica could imagine her cleaning lady would live . 
 `` the old warehouse ? '' 
 declan says . 
 `` the one that the artists took over as a sort of co-op ? '' 
 his eyes light up . 
 `` we 've had commercial photographers from that operation come and do beautiful work for our promo materials in the real estate operation . 
 high-end , quality work . '' 
 jessica 's eyes open wider , but this time driven by something other than coquettishness . 
 a sharp look at steve makes him literally sink a bit in his chair , as if his balls were deflating by the second . 
 `` have you been to one of their open houses ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the place advertises every few months , and i 've always been curious . 
 `` no , but i think we 're about to . 
 it 's a date , '' he whispers , loud enough for steve and jessica to hear . 
 she leans back with her lemon face again and steve reaches for her hand with a loving look on his face . 
 she tolerates his touch like she 's getting a pap smear . 
 including the shudder , as if cold steel slides along her skin . 
 declan and i reach for our glasses of wine at the exact same moment , and he hold his out to mine . 
 `` a toast ! '' 
 he looks at steve and jessica , and they both pick up their wine glasses , steve letting out a sigh , as if he 'd been holding his breath for too long . 
 `` what shall we toast to ? '' 
 steve asks . 
 declan looks down in contemplation , and his hand opens on my leg , massaging up and down . 
 i do n't even try to pretend to ignore it now , loosened up by the wine and his attentions-both public and private . 
 doubts fade as the scenario sharpens . 
 crazy as it sounds , declan 's got his hot palm on my skin , his eyes on me , and his words , i suspect , are about to center around me , too . 
 `` to ... shopping for a billionaire ! '' 
 declan declares . 
 chapter eleven jessica inhales so sharply she sounds like she 's having an asthma attack as she exhales . 
 steve greedily takes a sip or ten of his wine without clinking glasses with anyone . 
 declan gently nudges my wine with a punctuated connection of glass on glass , and eyes that blaze with so many unspoken words . 
 his hand that moves from my thigh , up over my hip , and to the small of my back speaks a few thousand of them , though . 
 `` i thought you were going to say , ` to toilet girl , ' '' i confess quietly , leaning toward him . 
 my lips are so close to his ear i could lick it . 
 only his slight movement backwards stops me , as he 's out of reach with a shift of air that makes me want to breathe him in forever . 
 he could bottle that scent . 
 pure declan . 
 he chuckles softly . 
 `` too easy . 
 besides , '' he murmurs , `` if you really are on the hunt for a billionaire , you 're batting zero with me . 
 i 'm not even close . 
 but you 're technically shopping for my father 's company , and he 's one . '' 
 before i can answer , steve interrupts , and in a loud , commanding voice says , `` i ca n't compete . 
 i 'm only a millionaire . '' 
 fake self-deprecating chuckle . 
 jessica gives him a honey-cheeked smile , one i thought she reserved only for men like declan , who are an order of magnitude beyond steve . 
 i know-and steve knows-he is n't really a millionaire . 
 `` on paper , '' he used to say . 
 um , okay . 
 even i , a mere marketing major , know that if you have $ 1.5 million in assets you 're not a millionaire if you also have $ 1.2 million in debts . 
 but what does a silly mendon girl with a bachelor 's from umass know ? 
 i 'm guessing jessica is a wellesley girl . 
 too fragile for smith , and too moneyed for wheelock . 
 then again , she has a graduate degree from harvard . 
 steve 's gaze penetrates me , the look cold and hungry at the same time . 
 as much as i hate it , he rattles me . 
 it 's been nearly a year since he dumped me , so while i 'm not a raw pile of goo living on ice cream and espresso between healthy doses of self-loathing and a nice injection of desolation , he 's still the man i thought i would marry . 
 the guy who helped me have my first orgasm . 
 the man who cheered me on at graduation . 
 the one who patiently explained pivot tables on spreadsheets . 
 and hello ? 
 how rare is that ? 
 because you can find anyone to have sex with you , but a pivot table expert who can explain it all in plain english ? 
 that 's some rare stuff . 
 declan feels exotic . 
 extreme . 
 like a crazy risk you can only grab at a handful of times in your life but that you regret not grabbing for . 
 steve was the dependable , rusty old lawnmower in the garage . 
 you were n't riding it anywhere special , but it would start up every spring just like you came to expect it to , and it would always be there . 
 until it was n't one day . 
 my analogies are getting really stupid as the wine makes me stretch with an unexpected yawn . 
 `` size does n't matter , right , shannon ? '' 
 that 's jessica 's voice , coming from left field . 
 `` size of the bank account , i mean , '' she adds , winking at declan . 
 even declan seems shocked . 
 i think that comment would shut my mother up , and make chuckles give her a high five . 
 it 's so ... catty . 
 that thump you just heard ? 
 the sound of steve being dumped . 
 i feel kind of bad for him , but it 's hard to do that when declan 's thumb is stroking my soft skin with whisper-light brushes that make me move slightly , just enough to make a rush of molten lava pour through my veins , my body one big thrumming pulse of need for him . 
 wait ! 
 this is a business meeting . 
 i 'm not supposed to be leaning against a wall of muscle in a bespoke suit , the scent of my own rose corsage from my prom date ... er , business associate making me tingly and open . 
 i 'm supposed to feel bad for steve as his entire conceptual framework for how the world works flushes away -lrb- see how i did that ? -rrb- 
 as the waiter delivers our food . 
 i see he ordered the filet , too . 
 we used to find that endearing , and yes , i ordered white wine with my steak back then . 
 until he was in his final year of his mba , he found that endearing , too . 
 right now , steve is so focused on declan he does n't seem to realize that jessica just insulted his penis and bank account , and somehow managed to make me her girlfriend confidante . 
 impressive to do all that in one sentence . 
 perhaps i 've misjudged her . 
 if chuckles were here , he 'd defect to jessicaland , happy to be united with his ancestral tribe . 
 another glass of wine is needed to fully dissect the layers of ms. jessica . 
 and a scalpel , too . 
 though she looks like she 's been under more than enough scalpels , if you know what i mean . 
 we all-except for jessica-pretend she did n't say what she said , instead ooohing and aahhhing over the food . 
 i am feeling more and more like this is a date , and declan confirms it by taking my hand and putting it on his thigh . 
 oh , yes . 
 i can feel how much this is a date , all right . 
 `` how long have you two been dating ? '' 
 steve asks out of the blue . 
 holy non sequitur . 
 the question is directed at declan . 
 only . 
 `` we 're not dating - '' `` since this morning . '' 
 our voices ring out in unison . 
 you can guess who says what . 
 jessica gives her version of a snort , which sounds like a kitten sneezing . 
 i give declan a distinct wtf look and steve glances down into declan 's lap , obviously spotting my hand doing its own version of magellan 's circumnavigation of big , round objects . 
 no , it is n't that bad , but in dim lighting with an overcharged tension between the four of us that could power a small town for a week , it does n't look very businesslike . 
 which means i just fulfilled steve 's prophecy about me . 
 i just do n't know how to act properly in these sorts of settings . 
 then again , he may be thinking that i 'd never felt him up under the tablecloth of a fancy restaurant , surrounded by big-deal makers , but i have no idea whether that is true , because my phone starts to buzz . 
 my purse is right next to my thigh , so i leap into the air a bit , startled , my hand on declan 's lap whacking the underside of the table and ricocheting back into his lap so hard he makes a very uncomfortable ooomph sound that makes jessica and steve both arch their right eyebrows , like synchronized cynics . 
 if they make that a sport , they 'd win the gold . 
 `` sorry , '' i whisper as i simultaneously unzip my purse and stand . 
 bad move . 
 three -lrb- or is it four ? -rrb- 
 glasses of wine plus stiletto heels plus my ex-boyfriend and his date and an overly attentive business colleague so fine i could suck shots out of his belly button and have it called art by the bromfield gallery folks means the room spins and i crash back down into my seat . 
 except it is n't my seat . 
 `` business meeting , '' steve says as declan snuggles with me in his lap , his nose nuzzling my neck , his arms wrapping around me less out of a lascivious nature and more to make sure i do n't slide off and land on his feet . 
 `` the best kind , '' declan says , not looking at him . 
 jessica takes one bite of her fish and looks away . 
 bzzzz . 
 my phone wo n't stop buzzing . 
 i stand again , more sure-footed , and excuse myself , walking away as fast as i can . 
 fortunately , the restaurant is fairly empty , and my lurching goes without notice . 
 the women 's room is down a dark hallway with fake candles lighting the way . 
 monastery wine cellar look . 
 it works . 
 i get to the entrance in front of the ladies ' room and look at my phone . 
 amanda , of course . 
 did you get the account ? 
 she asks . 
 and bring condoms ? 
 yes and yes , i text back . 
 what ? 
 of course i brought condoms . 
 bought new ones , too , because it 's been so long the ones i have might have reverted to their original element forms . 
 i might not plan to have sex with declan , but i 'm damn sure going to plan just in case i have sex with declan . 
 kind of like buying a lottery ticket . 
 you ca n't win if you do n't play . 
 and ... ? 
 she writes . 
 yes , i text back , cryptic on purpose . 
 make her freak out . 
 chuckles would be pleased . 
 to which ? 
 she types . 
 we got the account , i explain . 
 the other one depends on steve . 
 steve ? 
 are you still carrying a torch for that ass ** le ? 
 we need to get you exorcised , amanda types back . 
 it 's so hard to read her . 
 she keeps her emotions hidden so well . 
 steve is here . 
 at dinner . 
 my phone rings suddenly . 
 i answer it . 
 `` where are you and what the hell is steve doing on your date with declan ? '' 
 she snaps . 
 `` business meeting , '' i insist . 
 `` you bring condoms to every business meeting you have ? 
 when we get the dental association account , you seriously bring condoms for dinner meetings with dr. jorgensson ? '' 
 dr. jorgensson is the current president of the association and is in his late eighties . 
 he looks like a nicely dressed orc . 
 he has a home health aide attend all our meetings . 
 `` yep , '' i say . 
 `` even with him . 
 can never be too prepared . '' 
 `` why is steve there ? 
 and speaking of people i would sleep with before i 'd ever touch your ex , dr. jorgensson looks damn fine compared to him . '' 
 `` hey ! 
 i slept with steve and that 's really insulting . '' 
 silence . 
 then : `` i 'd still choose the colostomy bag over that piece of - '' my phone buzzes with a text . 
 `` got ta go . 
 but we got the account ! '' 
 i say in an excited voice . 
 `` that is awesome , '' she says , not ready to let me go . 
 `` but what is steve doing there ? '' 
 `` he and his date '' - bzzzzz - `` appeared out of nowhere . '' 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 i tell her . 
 she emits a low whistle . 
 `` your car 's blue book is n't close to the bill declan will have for dinner . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` and steve brought-who 'd he bring ? '' 
 `` some chick named jessica coffin . 
 boston barbie . '' 
 `` jessica coffin ? '' 
 amanda says her name like i 'm supposed to know who she is . 
 `` oh my god . 
 steve is fishing in big waters . '' 
 `` well , she clearly thinks his fishie is little . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` never mind . '' 
 bzzz . 
 `` i really have to go . '' 
 `` call or text me later ! '' 
 amanda says . 
 `` tell greg the good news ! '' 
 `` and you have fun , too . 
 let loose . 
 be wild , shannon . 
 it 's about time . '' 
 click . 
 i tap over to messages . 
 it 's steve : i think fate brought you here tonight . 
 oh my god . 
 chapter twelve and then he writes : i 've never seen you so vibrant . 
 in command . 
 you 're perfectly poised and professional . 
 i just want you to know i 'm proud of you . 
 huh ? 
 this is the guy who spent two entire days of a conference berating me for using the wrong fork at dinner and now he 's saying this ? 
 shannon ? 
 he texts immediately , as if the handful of seconds have been far too long for me to pause before replying like an eager dog catching a bone . 
 i type back : nice to see you , too , steve . 
 jessica seems like a great woman . 
 gag . 
 another text , except this one is from an unknown number . 
 i have a cold spot on my thigh . 
 it needs your hand to keep it warm . 
 i type back : sorry , honey ! 
 i 'm at a business meeting . 
 the kids need a bath and johnny 's homework needs to be signed . 
 i 'll be home late ! 
 3 and then texter 's remorse kicks in , because it seemed funny when i wrote it , but now , as entire nanoseconds stretch into cavernous eternity , i eye the exit and wonder if i can actually walk that far with four glasses of wine -lrb- it 's definitely four -rrb- and a heart that is attached to bungee cords that stretch two hundred yards with each adrenaline surge . 
 that 's fine , declan texts back . 
 i like to role-play , too . 
 how about you wrap yourself in saran wrap and i 'll get a pound of chocolate-covered strawberries and we 'll see what we can do with that after the kids are in bed ? 
 dark or milk chocolate ? 
 i text back , heart now attached to the back of evel knievel 's motorcycle on a jump . 
 there 's only one right answer . 
 silence . 
 silence . 
 silence . 
 both , he replies . 
 `` goal ! '' 
 i hiss , like an italian football announcer , only quiet . 
 `` you okay , miss ? '' 
 a waiter walks past me with a frown on his face , brow creased with concern . 
 i hold up my phone screen . 
 `` just reacting to a business text . 
 clinched a deal i 've been waiting to land for a long time . '' 
 he smiles and walks away . 
 i look down to find a new text from steve : can we do dinner tomorrow night ? 
 i 'd like to catch up . 
 i do n't want to answer that , so i lean against the thick , oak-paneled wall and take a deep breath . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 says a warm baritone attached to a -lrb- near -rrb- billionaire . 
 `` how long what ? '' 
 my frantic mind rushes off to erotic places all too quickly . 
 bad girl . 
 good , bad girl ... `` how long have you been waiting to clinch a deal ... '' declan repeats , closing the space between us through sheer will . 
 i swear his body does n't even move , but then it 's there , warm and pulsing against mine . '' 
 ... like this ? '' 
 his lips taste like grapes and hope , full and respectful , pressing against my own with a lush connection that makes me eager for more . 
 stepping in to the kiss , his body meets every inch of mine from thigh to shoulder , one hand sinking into my loose hair , capturing the back of my neck as if i am about to fall , his other hand around my waist , splayed against my hip . 
 instinct makes my own arms wrap around his waist , sliding under the fine wool of his jacket to find cotton as finely spun as silk , my fingers dancing on it as they ride up . 
 his knee nudges my legs open as he pushes me into the wall , searching for every spot on our bodies that we could touch without being charged with a crime . 
 the feel of his cheek against mine , his hands everywhere , his groan mingling with my own gasps transports me . 
 nothing else matters . 
 no one else exists . 
 the insanity of the day , from how we met to our business meeting to this business dinner ... we are getting down to business , all right . 
 i break away and meet his eyes , wanting to see that this is real . 
 real . 
 not part of my imagination or something i read in a book and transposed onto my life . 
 that declan is n't kissing me out of pity , or a cheap booty call , or for any of the rare reasons men used on me as their own drive and baser natures made them view me as a tool . 
 no . 
 what i see in his eyes reflects what i feel , and then i am the one kissing him , reveling in the starbursts of ignited recognition that something truly unique-life altering-thrives between us , nurtured only by this shared joining . 
 our embrace is so strong , so tight , the slant of his mouth commanding and fiery , tongues communicating through touch in a way his fingers had earlier , but with more urgency and so much passion i think we might break the wall if we push any harder against it . 
 `` shannon , '' he murmurs , pulling away . 
 the withdrawal of his mouth feels like a kind of mourning . 
 he looks at my chest . 
 `` i crushed your corsage . '' 
 that 's not the only reason he looks at my chest . 
 i laugh , a throaty sound of delight , so genuine that my mind feels blank with a kind of clarity that seems unreal , even as it grounds me . 
 i open my mouth and pure joy comes forth : `` you are the best prom date ever . '' 
 he dips his head down and our foreheads touch . 
 his eyes turn to green triangles with his own genuine smile . 
 we must look like complete idiots , and the idea that this is a business meeting went out the window a long time ago . 
 actually , i think that idea was flushed from the start . 
 `` what made you kiss me ? '' 
 he asks in a low voice that promises to make coffee and bring it to me in bed in the morning . 
 `` you kissed me ! '' 
 i answer , my hands on his shoulders now . 
 i bat him lightly with one hand . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he insists . 
 i can tell he wo n't let me squirm out of this one . 
 my phone is buzzing like mad and i imagine steve is about to send a search party after us . 
 big deal . 
 who cares . 
 i look up , a few inches between us , and his eyes change . 
 he 's taller than me , arms protective and he wants me . 
 wants . 
 not just desires me , not just likes me . 
 wants . 
 craves . 
 i am irresistible , and the part of me that finds that laughable is sitting back in wonder , thinking she got it all wrong for many , many years . 
 i close my eyes and sigh . 
 `` you had me at ` both . ' '' 
