 london , 1857 ever since the unfortunate events of the french revolution , magnus had nursed a slight prejudice against vampires . 
 the undead were always killing one 's servants and endangering one 's pet monkey . 
 the vampire clan in paris was still sending magnus rude messages about their small misunderstanding . 
 vampires bore a grudge longer than any technically living creatures , and whenever they were in a bad temper , they expressed themselves through murder . 
 magnus generally wished his companions to be somewhat less-no pun intended-bloodthirsty . 
 there was also the fact that sometimes vampires committed crimes worse than murder . 
 they committed crimes against fashion . 
 when one was immortal , one tended to forget the passing of time . 
 still , that was no excuse for wearing a bonnet last fashionable in the era of napoleon i. magnus was beginning , however , to feel as if he might have been a trinoindente hasty in dismissing all vampires . 
 lady camille belcourt was a terribly charming woman . 
 she was also attired in the absolute height of fashion . 
 her dress had a darling hoop skirt , and the fall of blue taffeta in seven narrow noindentounces about her chair made it appear as if she were rising from a cascade of gleaming blue water . 
 there was not very much material at all around her bosom , which was as pale and curved as a pearl . 
 all that broke the perfect pallor of the curve of bosom and the column of neck was a black velvet ribbon and the thick shining ringlets clustered about her face . 
 one gold ringlet was long enough so that it rested in the delicate curve of her collarbone , which led magnus 's eyes back once again to - really , all roads led back to lady camille 's bosom . 
 it was a wonderfully designed dress . 
 it was also a wonderfully designed bosom . 
 lady camille , as observant as she was beautiful , noticed magnus noticing , and smiled . 
 `` the marvelous thing about being a creature of the night , '' she confided in a low voice , `` is that one need never wear anything but evening clothes . '' 
 `` i had never considered that point before , '' said magnus , much struck . 
 `` of course i adore variety , so i do seize any opportunity to change costumes . 
 i find there are many occasions during an adventurous night for a lady to divest herself of her garments . '' 
 she leaned forward , one pale , smooth elbow resting against the shadowhunters ' mahogany table . 
 `` something tells me that you are a man who knows something about adventurous nights . '' 
 `` my lady , with me , every night is an adventure . 
 pray continue your discourse on fashion , '' magnus urged her . 
 `` it is one of my favorite subjects . '' 
 lady camille smiled . 
 magnus lowered his voice discreetly . 
 `` or if you choose , pray continue your discourse on disrobing . 
 i believe that is my most favorite subject of all . '' 
 they sat side by side at a long table in the shadowhunters ' london institute . 
 the consul , a dreary nephilim heading up the proceedings , was droning on about all the spells they wished warlocks to make available to them at cut-rate prices , and about their notions of proper behavior for vampires and werewolves . 
 magnus had not heard a single way in which these `` accords '' could conceivably benefit downworlders , but he could certainly see why the shadowhunters had developed a passionate desire to ratify them . 
 he began regretting his agreement to make the voyage to london and its institute so that the shadowhunters could waste his valuable time . 
 the consul , who magnus believed was called morgwhatsit , seemed passionately in love with his own voice . 
 though , actually he had stopped talking . 
 magnus glanced away from camille to find the far less pleasant sight of the consul-his disapproval writ across his face , as stark as the runes on his skin-staring at him . 
 `` if you and the-the vampire woman could cease your noindentirtation for a moment , '' he said in acid tones . 
 `` noindentirting ? 
 we were merely indulging in a little risque conversation , '' magnus said , offended . 
 `` when i begin to noindentirt , i assure you the entire room will know . 
 my noindentirtations cause sensations . '' 
 camille laughed . 
 `` what a clever rhyme . '' 
 magnus 's joke seemed to liberate the restless discontent of all downworlders at the table . 
 `` what else are we to do but talk amongst ourselves ? '' 
 asked a werewolf stripling , still young but with the intense green eyes of a fanatic and the thin determined face of a fanatic who was actually competent . 
 his name was ralf scott . 
 `` we have been here for three hours and have not been given the chance to speak at all . 
 you nephilim have done all the talking . '' 
 `` i can not believe , '' put in arabella , a charming mermaid with charmingly placed seashells , `` that i swam up the thames , and consented to be hauled out by pulleys and put in a large glass aquarium , for this . '' 
 she spoke quite loudly . 
 even morgwhatsit looked taken aback . 
 why , magnus wanted to know , were shadowhunter names so long , when warlocks gave themselves elegant family names of one syllable ? 
 the long names were sheer self-importance . 
 `` you wretches should be honored to be in the london institute , '' snarled a silver-haired shadowhunter by the name of starkweather . 
 `` i would n't allow any of you in my institute , unless i was carrying one of your filthy heads on a pike . 
 silence , and let your betters speak for you . '' 
 an extremely awkward pause ensued . 
 starkweather glared around , and his eyes dwelled on camille , not as if she were a beautiful woman but as if she might be a fine trophy for his wall . 
 camille 's eyes went to her leader and friend , the pale-haired vampire alexei de quincey , but he did not respond to her mute appeal . 
 magnus put out his hand and took hers . 
 her skin was cool , but her fingers fit his very neatly . 
 he saw ralf scott glance over at them and blanch . 
 he was even younger than magnus had thought . 
 his eyes were huge and glass green , transparent enough for all his emotions to shine through , in his thin face . 
 they were fixed on camille . 
 interesting , magnus thought , and filed the observation away . 
 `` these are meant to be peace accords , '' scott said , deliberately slowly . 
 `` which means we are all meant to have a chance to have our voices heard . 
 i have heard how peace will benefit shadowhunters . 
 i wish now to discuss how it will benefit downworlders . 
 will we be given seats on the council ? '' 
 starkweather began to choke . 
 one of the shadowhunter women stood up hastily . 
 `` gracious , i think my husband was so excited by the chance to deliver a speech that he did not offer refreshments , '' she said loudly . 
 `` i am amalia morgenstern . '' 
 oh , that 's it , magnus thought . 
 morgenstern . 
 awful name . 
 `` and is there anything i can offer you ? '' 
 the woman continued . 
 `` i will ring for the maid in a trice . '' 
 `` no raw meat for the dog , mind , '' starkweather said , and sniggered . 
 magnus saw another shadowhunter woman titter silently behind her hand . 
 ralf scott sat , pale and still . 
 he had been the moving force behind assembling downworlders here today , and had been the only werewolf willing to come . 
 even his own young brother , woolsey , had stayed away , parting from ralf on the front steps of the institute with an insouciant toss of his blond head and a wink at magnus . 
 -lrb- magnus had thought , interesting , about that , too . -rrb- 
 the faeries had noindentatly refused to attend , the queen having set herself against the idea . 
 magnus was the only warlock who had come , and ralf had been forced to hunt him down , knowing his connections to the silent brothers . 
 magnus himself had not had high hopes about this attempt to forge a peace with shadowhunters , but it was a shame to see the boy 's airy dreams come to this . 
 `` we are in england , are we not ? '' 
 asked magnus , and he bent a charming smile on amalia morgenstern , who looked rather noindentustered . 
 `` i would be delighted if we could have some scones . '' 
 `` oh , certainly , '' said amalia . 
 `` with clotted cream , of course . '' 
 magnus gazed upon camille . 
 `` some of my fondest memories include lashings of cream and beautiful women . '' 
 magnus was enjoying scandalizing the shadowhunters . 
 camille rather looked as if she were enjoying it too . 
 her green eyes were heavy-lidded for a moment with amused satisfaction , as if she were a cat who had already had her fill of cream . 
 amalia rang the bell . 
 `` while we wait for scones , we can hear the rest of dear roderick 's speech ! '' 
 there was an appalled silence , and in the stillness the mutter outside the door rang out , loud and clear . 
 `` merciful angel , give me strength to endure ... . '' 
 roderick morgenstern , who magnus thought truly deserved to have a name that sounded like a goat chewing gravel , stood up happily to continue his speech . 
 amalia attempted to rise unobtrusively from her seat-magnus could have told her that hoop skirts and stealth together were a lost cause-and made her way to the door , which she threw open . 
 several young shadowhunters tumbled into the room like puppies falling over one another . 
 amalia 's eyes rounded in comic surprise . 
 `` what on earth - '' despite shadowhunters having the swiftness of angels , only one managed to land with grace . 
 it was a boy , or rather a young man , who ended his fall on one knee before amalia , like romeo proposing to juliet . 
 he had hair the color of a coin that was pure gold , no base metal , and the lines of his face were as clean and elegant as a profile etched on one of those princely coins . 
 his shirt had become disarranged at some point during the eavesdropping , the collar pulled open to reveal the edge of a rune drawn on his white skin . 
 the most remarkable thing about him were his eyes . 
 they were laughing eyes , at once both joyous and tender : they were the radiant pale blue of a sky slipping toward evening in heaven , when angels who had been sweet all day found themselves tempted to sin . 
 `` i could not bear to be parted from you a moment longer , dear , dearest mrs. morgenstern , '' said the young man , possessing himself of amalia 's hand . 
 `` i yearn for you . '' 
 he made play with his long golden eyelashes , and amalia morgenstern was forthwith reduced to blushes and smiles . 
 magnus had always had a decided preference for black hair . 
 it appeared as though fate were determined that he should broaden his horizons . 
 either that or the blonds of the world had formed some sort of conspiracy to be good-looking all of a sudden . 
 `` excuse me , bane ? '' 
 said roderick morgenstern . 
 `` are you attending ? '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' magnus said politely . 
 `` somebody incredibly attractive just came into the room , and i ceased to pay attention to a word you were saying . '' 
 it was perhaps an ill-judged remark . 
 the shadowhunter elders , representatives from the clave , all appeared horrified and dismayed at any downworlder expressing interest in one of their youths . 
 the nephilim also had very decided opinions on the subject of inverts and deviant behavior , since as a group their chief occupations were waving large weaponry about and judging everybody they met . 
 camille , meanwhile , looked as if she found magnus even more interesting than she had before . 
 she looked back and forth between him and the young blond shadowhunter boy , and covered her smile with a gloved hand . 
 `` he is delightful , '' she murmured to magnus . 
 magnus was watching as amalia shooed out the young shadowhunters-the blond boy ; an older young man with thick brown hair and significant eyebrows ; and a dark-eyed , birdlike little girl , barely more than a toddler , who looked over her shoulder and said , `` papa ? '' 
 in a clear questioning voice to the head of the london institute , a grave dark man called granville fairchild . 
 `` go , charlotte . 
 you know your duty , '' said fairchild . 
 duty before all ; that was the warrior 's way , magnus renoindentected . 
 certainly duty before love . 
 little charlotte , already a dutiful shadowhunter , trotted obediently away . 
 camille 's low voice recalled magnus to attention . 
 `` i do n't suppose you 'd like to share him ? '' 
 magnus smiled back at her . 
 `` not as a meal , no . 
 was that what you meant ? '' 
 camille laughed . 
 ralf scott made an impatient noise , but was shushed by de quincey , who muttered at him in annoyance ; while over that noise rose the discontented grumblings of roderick morgenstern , a man who clearly wished to continue with his speech-and then finally the refreshments arrived , carried in on silver tea trays by a host of maids . 
 arabella the mermaid lifted a hand , sloshing energetically in her aquarium . 
 `` if you please , '' she said . 
 `` i would like a scone . '' 
 break when morgenstern 's interminable speech was finally done , everybody had lost all will to converse and simply wished to go home . 
 magnus parted from camille belcourt with deep reluctance and from the shadowhunters with deep relief . 
 it had been some time since magnus was last in love , and he was beginning to feel the effects . 
 he remembered the glow of love as brighter and the pain of loss as gentler than they had actually been . 
 he found himself looking into many faces for potential love , and seeing many people as shining vessels of possibility . 
 perhaps this time there would be that indefinable something that sent hungry hearts roving , longing and searching for something , they knew not what , and yet could not give up the quest . 
 every time a face or a look or a gesture caught magnus 's eye these days , it woke to life a refrain in magnus 's breast , a song in persistent rhythm with his heartbeat . 
 perhaps this time , perhaps this one . 
 as he walked down thames street , he began to plot ways in which to see camille again . 
 he should pay a call upon the vampire clan in london . 
 he knew de quincey lived in kensington . 
 it was only civil . 
 `` after all , '' magnus remarked aloud to himself , swinging his monkey-headed cane , `` attractive and interesting persons do not simply drop out of the sky . '' 
 it was then that the fair-haired shadowhunter that magnus had spotted at the institute somersaulted from the top of a wall and landed gracefully in the street before him . 
 `` devastating ensembles made on bond street with red brocade waistcoats do not simply drop out of the sky ! '' 
 magnus proclaimed experimentally to the heavens . 
 the young man frowned . 
 `` i beg your pardon ? '' 
 `` oh , nothing , nothing at all , '' said magnus . 
 `` may i help you ? 
 i do not believe i have had the pleasure of making your acquaintance . '' 
 the nephilim stooped and picked up his hat , which had fallen onto the cobblestones when he 'd made his leap . 
 he then took it off in order to noindentourish it in magnus 's direction . 
 the effect of the smile and the eyelashes together was like a small earthquake of attractiveness . 
 magnus could not blame amalia morgenstern for her giggling , even if the boy was far too young for her . 
 `` no fewer than four of my esteemed elders told me i was on no account to ever converse with you , so i vowed that i would know you . 
 my name is edmund herondale . 
 may i ask your name ? 
 they referred to you only as ` that disgraceful one-warlock show . ' '' 
 `` i am deeply moved by that tribute , '' magnus told edmund , and made his own bow . 
 `` magnus bane , at your service . '' 
 `` now we are acquainted , '' edmund said . 
 `` capital ! 
 do you frequent any low dens of sin and debauchery ? '' 
 `` oh , now and then . '' 
 `` the morgensterns said you did , while they were throwing away the plates , '' edmund said , with every sign of enthusiasm . 
 `` shall we go ? '' 
 throwing away the plates ? 
 it took magnus a moment to comprehend , and when he did , he felt cold inside . 
 the shadowhunters had thrown away the very plates downworlders had touched , afraid their china would be corrupted . 
 on the other hand , that was not edmund 's fault . 
 the only other place magnus had to go was the mansion he had perhaps rashly purchased in grosvenor square . 
 a recent adventure had caused him to become temporarily wealthy -lrb- a state he despised ; he usually tried to get rid of his money as soon as he had it -rrb- , so he had decided to live in style . 
 the ton of london were referring to him , he believed , as `` bane the nabob . '' 
 this meant a great many people in london were anxious to make his acquaintance , and a great many of them seemed tiresome . 
 edmund , at least , did not . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 magnus decided . 
 edmund glowed . 
 `` excellent . 
 very few people are willing to have real adventures . 
 have n't you found that out , bane ? 
 is n't it sad ? '' 
 `` i have very few rules in life , but one of them is to never decline an adventure . 
 the others are : to avoid becoming romantically entangled with sea creatures ; to always ask for what you want , because the worst thing that can happen is embarrassment but the best thing that can happen is nudity ; to demand ready money up front ; and to never play cards with catarina loss . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` she cheats , '' magnus explained . 
 `` never mind that one . '' 
 `` i would like to meet a lady who cheats at cards , '' edmund said wistfully . 
 `` aside from granville 's aunt millicent , who is a terror at piquet . '' 
 magnus had never truly considered that the high-and-mighty shadowhunters ever played cards , let alone cheated at them . 
 he supposed he had imagined that their leisure activities consisted of weapons training and having discussions about their infinite superiority over everyone else . 
 magnus ventured to give edmund a hint . 
 `` mundane clubs do generally frown upon patrons who have , purely for random example , an abundance of weaponry about their person . 
 so that might be an impediment . '' 
 `` absolutely not , '' edmund promised him . 
 `` why , i have the most paltry assortment of weapons on me . 
 only a few miserable daggers , a single stiletto knife , a couple of whips - '' magnus blinked . 
 `` hardly an armory , '' he said . 
 `` though , it sounds like a most amusing saturday . '' 
 `` capital ! '' 
 said edmund herondale , apparently taking this for approval of his company on magnus 's excursion . 
 he looked delighted . 
 break white 's club , on st. james 's street , had not changed outwardly at all . 
 magnus regarded the pale stone facade with pleasure : the greek columns and the arched frames to the higher windows , as if each window were a chapel unto itself ; the cast-iron balcony , which bore an intricate swirling pattern that had always made magnus think of a procession of snail shells ; the bow window out of which a famous man had once looked , and bet on a race between raindrops . 
 the club had been established by an italian , had been the haunt of criminals , and had been the irresistible bane of english aristocrats for more than a hundred years . 
 whenever magnus heard anything described as a `` bane , '' he felt sure he would like it . 
 it was why he had chosen that particular last name for himself , and also why he had joined white 's several years before on a noindentying visit to london , in the main because his friend catarina loss had bet him that he could not do it . 
 edmund swung around one of the black cast-iron lamps set before the door . 
 the leaping noindentame behind the glass was dim compared to his eyes . 
 `` this used to be a place where highwaymen drank hot chocolate , '' magnus told edmund carelessly as they walked inside . 
 `` the hot chocolate was very good . 
 being a highwayman is chilly work . '' 
 `` did you ever ask someone to stand and deliver ? '' 
 `` i 'll just say this , '' said magnus . 
 `` i look dashing in a tasteful mask and a large hat . '' 
 edmund laughed again-he had an easy and delighted laugh , like a child . 
 his gaze was roving all over the room , from the ceiling-constructed to look as if they stood in a vast stone barrel-to the chandelier dripping glittering jewels like a duchess ; to the green baize-covered tables that clustered on the right side of the room , where men were playing cards and losing fortunes . 
 edmund 's quality of bright wonder and surprise made him seem younger than he was ; it lent a fragile air to his beauty . 
 magnus did not wonder why he , one of the nephilim , was not warier of a downworlder . 
 he doubted edmund herondale was wary of anything in life . 
 he was eager to be entertained , ready to be thrilled , essentially trusting of the world . 
 edmund pointed to where two men stood , one making an entry in a large book with a defiant noindentourish of his pen . 
 `` what 's afoot there ? '' 
 `` i presume they are recording a wager . 
 there is a betting book here in white 's that is quite celebrated . 
 all sorts of bets are taken-whether a gentleman could manage to ravish a lady in a balloon a thousand feet off the ground , whether a man could live underwater for a day . '' 
 magnus found them a pair of chairs near a fire , and made a gesture indicating that he and his companion were sorely in need of a drink . 
 their thirst was supplied the next instant . 
 there were advantages to a truly excellent gentlemen 's club . 
 `` do you think one could ? '' 
 edmund inquired . 
 `` not live underwater ; i know mundanes can not . 
 the other thing . '' 
 `` my experiences in a balloon with a lady were not very pleasant , '' magnus said , wincing at the memory . 
 queen marie antoinette had been an exciting but not comfortable traveling companion . 
 `` i would be disinclined to indulge in carnal delights in a balloon with a lady or a gentleman . 
 no matter how delightful they were . '' 
 edmund herondale did not seem in the least surprised by the mention of a gentleman in magnus 's romantic speculations . 
 `` it would be a lady in the balloon for me , '' he said . 
 `` ah , '' said magnus , who had suspected as much . 
 `` but i am always noindentattered to be admired , '' said edmund , with an engaging grin . 
 `` and i am always admired . '' 
 he said it with that easy smile and another golden noindentutter of eyelashes , in the same way he had wound amalia morgenstern around his finger . 
 it was clear he knew he was outrageous , and he expected people to like it . 
 magnus suspected they all did . 
 `` ah , well , '' magnus said , giving up the matter gracefully . 
 `` any particular lady ? '' 
 `` i am not perfectly certain i believe in marriage . 
 why have just one bonbon when you can have the box ? '' 
 magnus raised his eyebrows and took a swallow of his excellent brandy . 
 the young man had a way with words and the naive delight of someone who had never had his heart broken . 
 `` no one 's ever really hurt you , have they ? '' 
 said magnus , who saw no point in beating about the bush . 
 edmund looked alarmed . 
 `` why , are you about to ? '' 
 `` with all those whips on your person ? 
 hardly . 
 i merely meant that you seem like someone who has never had his heart broken . '' 
 `` i lost my parents as a child , '' said edmund candidly . 
 `` but rare is the shadowhunter with an intact family . 
 i was taken in by the fairchilds and raised in the institute . 
 its halls have ever been my home . 
 and if you mean love , then no , my heart has never been broken . 
 nor do i foresee that it will be . '' 
 `` do n't you believe in love ? '' 
 `` love , marriage , the whole business is extremely overrated . 
 for instance , this chap i know called benedict lightwood recently got leg-shackled , and the affair is hideous - '' `` your friends moving forward into a different era of their lives can be difficult , '' magnus said sympathetically . 
 edmund made a face . 
 `` benedict is not my friend . 
 it 's the poor young lady i feel sorry for . 
 the man is peculiar in his habits , if you see what i 'm trying to say . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' magnus said noindentatly . 
 `` bit of a deviant , is what i 'm getting at . '' 
 magnus regarded him with a cold air . 
 `` bad news benedict , we call him , '' said edmund . 
 `` mostly due to his habit of consorting with demons . 
 the more tentacles , the better , if you catch my meaning . '' 
 `` oh , '' magnus said , enlightened . 
 `` i know who you mean . 
 i have a friend from whom he bought some most unusual woodcuts . 
 also a couple of engravings . 
 said friend is simply an honest tradesman , and i have never bought anything from him myself , mind you . '' 
 `` also benedict lightworm . 
 and bestial benedict , '' edmund continued bitterly . 
 `` but he sneaks about while the rest of us get up to honest larks , and the clave all think that he 's superlatively well behaved . 
 poor barbara . 
 i 'm afraid she acted hastily because of her broken heart . '' 
 magnus leaned back in his chair . 
 `` and who broke her heart , might i ask ? '' 
 he asked , amused . 
 `` ladies ' hearts are like bits of china on a mantelpiece . 
 there are so many of them , and it is so easy to break them without noticing . '' 
 edmund shrugged , a little rueful but mostly amused , and then a man in an unfortunate waistcoat walked into his armchair . 
 `` i beg your pardon , '' said the gentleman . 
 `` i believe i am somewhat foxed ! '' 
 `` i am prepared to charitably believe you were drunk when you got dressed , '' magnus said under his breath . 
 `` eh ? '' 
 said the man . 
 `` the name 's alvanley . 
 you ai n't one of those indian nabobs , are you ? '' 
 though he never much felt like explaining his origins to white-skinned europeans who did n't care to know the difference between shanghai and rangoon , given the troubles in india , it was not actually a good idea for magnus to be taken for indian . 
 he sighed and disclaimed , made his introduction and his bow . 
 `` herondale , '' said edmund , bowing too . 
 edmund 's golden assurance and open smile did their work . 
 `` new to the club ? '' 
 alvanley asked , suddenly benevolent . 
 `` well , well . 
 it 's a celebration . 
 may i offer you both another drink ? '' 
 alvanley 's friends , some at the card table and some milling about , raised a discreet cheer . 
 queen victoria had , so the happy report went , risen safe from childbed , and both mother and daughter were doing admirably . 
 `` drink to the health of our new princess beatrice , and to the queen ! '' 
 `` does n't the poor woman have nine children ? '' 
 asked magnus . 
 `` by the ninth i would think she would be too exhausted to think of a new name , and certainly too fatigued to rule a country . 
 i will drink to her health by all means . '' 
 edmund was very ready to be plied with more drinks , though at one point he slipped up and referred to the queen as vanessa rather than victoria . 
 `` ahahaha , '' said magnus . 
 `` he is on the ran-tan , and no mistake ! '' 
 edmund was noindentushed with drink and almost immediately got absorbed in a card game . 
 magnus joined in playing macao as well , but he found himself observing the shadowhunter with some concern . 
 people who blithely believed that the world owed them good luck could be dangerous at the gaming table . 
 add to that the fact that edmund clearly craved excitement , and his kind of temperament was the very one most suited for disaster at play . 
 there was something unsettling about the glitter of the boy 's eyes suddenly , changed by the light of the club 's wax candles , from being like a sky to being like a sea an instant before a storm . 
 edmund , magnus decided , put him in mind of nothing so much as a boat-a shining beautiful thing , buffeted by the whims of the water and winds . 
 only time would tell if he would find anchor and harbor , or if all that beauty and charm would be reduced to a wreck . 
 all imaginings aside , there was no need for magnus to play nursemaid to shadowhunters . 
 edmund was a man full-grown and able to care for himself . 
 it was magnus who grew bored in the end , and coaxed edmund out of white 's for a sobering walk in the night air . 
 break they had not wandered far from st. james 's street when magnus paused in his retelling of a certain incident in peru because he felt edmund come to attention next to him , every line of that angelic athlete 's body suddenly tensed . 
 he brought to mind forcibly a pointer dog hearing an animal in the undergrowth . 
 magnus followed the line of edmund 's sight until he saw what the shadowhunter was seeing : a man in a bowler hat , his hand set firmly on a carriage door , having what appeared to be an altercation with the occupants of the carriage . 
 it was shockingly uncivil , and but a moment later it became worse . 
 the man had hold of a woman 's arm , magnus saw . 
 she was dressed plainly , as befit an abigail or lady 's maid . 
 the man tried to wrench her from the carriage by main force . 
 he would have succeeded but for the interference of the other occupant of the carriage , a small dark lady , this one in a gown that rustled like silk as her voice rang out like thunder . 
 `` unhand her , you wretch ! '' 
 said the lady , and she belabored the man about the head with her bonnet . 
 the man started at the unexpected onslaught and let go of the woman , but turned his attention to the lady and grasped the hand holding the bonnet instead . 
 the woman gave a shout that seemed more outrage than terror , and struck him in the nose . 
 the man 's face turned slightly at the blow , and magnus and edmund were both able to see his eyes . 
 there was no mistaking the void behind those brilliant poison-green eyes . 
 demon , magnus thought . 
 a demon , and a hungry one , to be trying to abduct women from carriages in a london street . 
 a demon , and a very unlucky one , to do so in front of a shadowhunter . 
 it did occur to magnus that shadowhunters generally hunted in groups , and that edmund herondale was inebriated . 
 `` very well , '' magnus said . 
 `` let us pause for a moment and consider - oh , you have already run off . 
 splendid . '' 
 he found himself addressing edmund 's coat , wrenched off and left in a heap upon the cobblestones , and his hat , spinning gently beside it . 
 edmund jumped and somersaulted in midair , vaulting neatly onto the roof of the carriage . 
 as he did so , he drew weapons from the concealing folds of his garments : the two whips he had spoken of before , arcs of sizzling light against the night sky . 
 he wielded them with cutting precision , their light waking golden fire in his tousled hair and casting a glow on his carved features , and by that light magnus saw his face change from a laughing boy 's to the stern countenance of an angel . 
 one whip curled around the demon 's waist like a gentleman 's hand around a lady 's waist during a waltz . 
 the other wrapped as tight as wire about his throat . 
 edmund twisted one hand , and the demon spun , crashing to the ground . 
 `` you heard the lady , '' said edmund . 
 `` unhand her . '' 
 the demon , his teeth suddenly much more numerous than before , snarled and lunged for the carriage . 
 magnus raised his hand and made the carriage door noindenty shut and the carriage jolt forward a few paces , despite the fact that the carriage driver was missing-presumed eaten-and despite the shadowhunter who was still standing atop it . 
 edmund did not lose his balance . 
 as surefooted as a cat , he simply leaped down to the ground and struck the eidolon demon a blow across the face with his whip , sending him noindentying backward again . 
 edmund landed a foot upon the demon 's throat , and magnus saw the creature begin to writhe , its outlines blurring into a changing shape . 
 he heard the creak of a carriage door being opened and saw the lady who had punched the demon essaying to emerge from relative safety to the demon-haunted street . 
 `` ma'am , '' magnus said , advancing . 
 `` i must counsel you not to exit the carriage while a demon-slaying is in progress . '' 
 she looked him full in the face . 
 she had large dark blue eyes , the color of the sky immediately before night turned it black , and the hair slipping from her elaborate coiffure was black , as if night had come with no stars . 
 though her beautiful eyes were very wide , she did not look frightened , and the hand that had struck the demon was still clenched in a fist . 
 magnus made a silent vow to come to london far more often in the future . 
 he was meeting the most delightful people . 
 `` we must render assistance to that young man , '' said the lady , in a lilting musical accent . 
 magnus glanced over to edmund , who was at present being thrown against a wall and who was bleeding rather profusely , but grinning and sliding a dagger from his boot with one hand as he choked the demon with the other . 
 `` do not be alarmed , dear lady . 
 he has the matter well in hand , '' he said as edmund slid the dagger home . 
 `` so to speak . '' 
 the demon gurgled and thrashed in its death throes . 
 magnus made the decision to ignore the furor behind him , and made the two women a superb bow . 
 it did not seem to console the maidservant , who shrank into the shadowed recesses of the carriage and attempted to crawl into a pocket handkerchief , face foremost . 
 the lady of the shining ebony hair and pansy eyes let go her hold on the carriage door and gave magnus her hand instead . 
 her hand was small , soft , and warm ; she was not even trembling . 
 `` i am magnus bane , '' said magnus . 
 `` call on me for aid at any time of mortal danger , or if in urgent need of an escort to a noindentower show . '' 
 `` linette owens , '' said the lady , and dimpled . 
 she had delicious dimples . 
 `` i heard the capital held many dangers , but this seems excessive . '' 
 `` i am aware that all this must seem very strange and frightening to you . '' 
 `` is that man an evil faerie ? '' 
 miss owens inquired . 
 she met magnus 's startled look with her own steady gaze . 
 `` i am from wales , '' she said . 
 `` we still believe in the old ways and the fey folk there . '' 
 she tipped her head back to scrutinize magnus . 
 her crown of midnight-colored plaits seemed like it had to be too massive for such a small head , on such a slender neck . 
 `` your eyes ... , '' she said slowly . 
 `` i believe you must be a good faerie , sir . 
 what your companion is , i can not tell . '' 
 magnus glanced over his shoulder at his companion , who he had almost forgotten was there . 
 the demon was darkness and dust at edmund 's feet , and with his foe well and truly vanquished , edmund had turned his attention to the carriage . 
 magnus observed the spark of edmund 's golden charm kindle at the sight of linette , blooming from candle to sun in an instant . 
 `` what am i ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i am edmund herondale , and , my lady , i am always and forever at your service . 
 if you will have me . '' 
 he smiled , and the smile was slow and devastating . 
 in the dark narrow street long past midnight , his eyes were high summer . 
 `` i do not mean to seem indelicate or ungrateful , '' said linette owens , `` but are you a dangerous lunatic ? '' 
 edmund blinked . 
 `` i fear i must point out that you are walking the streets armed to the teeth . 
 did you expect to do battle with a monstrous creature this night ? '' 
 `` not ` expect ' exactly , '' said edmund . 
 `` then are you an assassin ? '' 
 asked linette . 
 `` are you an overzealous soldier ? '' 
 `` madam , '' said edmund . 
 `` i am a shadowhunter . '' 
 `` i am not familiar with the word . 
 can you do magic ? '' 
 linette asked , and placed her hand on magnus 's sleeve . 
 `` this gentleman can do magic . '' 
 she bestowed an approving smile on magnus . 
 magnus was extremely gratified . 
 `` honored to be of assistance , miss owens , '' he murmured . 
 edmund looked as if he had been struck about the face with a fish . 
 `` of course-of course i ca n't do magic ! '' 
 he managed to splutter out , sounding in true shadowhunter fashion appalled by the very idea . 
 `` oh , well , '' said linette , clearly rather disappointed . 
 `` that is not your fault . 
 we all make do with what we have . 
 i am indebted to you , sir , for saving me and my friend from an unspeakable fate . '' 
 edmund preened , and in his pleasure spoke incautiously . 
 `` think nothing of it . 
 it would be my honor to escort you to your home , miss owens . 
 the streets about mall pall can be very treacherous for women at night . '' 
 there was a silence . 
 `` do you mean pall mall ? '' 
 linette asked , and smiled slightly . 
 `` i am not the one overset by strong liquor . 
 should you like me to escort you home instead , mr. herondale ? '' 
 edmund herondale was left at a loss for words . 
 magnus suspected it was a novel experience , and one that would probably be good for him . 
 miss owens turned slightly from edmund back to magnus . 
 `` my abigail , angharad , and i were traveling from my estate in wales , '' she explained . 
 `` we are to spend the london season with a distant relative of mine . 
 we have had a long and tiring journey , and i wished to believe that we might reach london before nightfall . 
 it was very stupid and reckless of me , and it has caused angharad great distress . 
 your aid was invaluable . '' 
 magnus could discern a great deal more from what linette owens had told him than what the lady had actually said . 
 she had referred not to her papa 's estate but to her own , in a casual manner , as one accustomed to ownership . 
 that combined with the costly material of her dress and a certain something about her bearing confirmed it for magnus-the lady was an heiress , and not simply the heiress of a fortune but of an estate . 
 the way she spoke of wales made magnus think the lady would not wish to have her lands cared for by some steward at a remove . 
 society would think it a scandal and a shame for an estate to be in the hands of a woman , especially one so young and so pretty . 
 society would expect her to contract a marriage so that her husband could administer the estate , take possession of both the land and the lady . 
 she must have come to london because she 'd found the suitors available in wales not to her taste , and was on a quest to find a husband to take back to wales with her . 
 she had come to london in search of love . 
 magnus could sympathize with that . 
 he was aware that love was not always part of the bargain in high-society marriages , but linette owens seemed to have a mind of her own . 
 he thought it likely she had a purpose-the right marriage , to the right man-and that she would accomplish it . 
 `` welcome to london , '' magnus told her . 
 linette dropped a small curtsy in the open carriage . 
 her eyes traveled over magnus 's shoulder and softened . 
 magnus looked around , and edmund was standing there , one whip curled around his wrist as if he were comforting himself with it . 
 magnus had to admit it was a feat to look so gloriously handsome and yet so woebegone . 
 linette visibly yielded to a charitable impulse and stepped out of the carriage . 
 she made her way across the cobblestones and stood before the forlorn young shadowhunter . 
 `` i am sorry if i was uncivil , or if i in any way implied i thought you were a ... twpsyn , '' said linette , tactfully not translating the word . 
 she put her hand out , and edmund offered his , palm up and whip still curled around his shirt-sleeved wrist . 
 there was a sudden hungry openness to his face ; the moment had a sudden weight . 
 linette hesitated and then placed her hand in his . 
 `` i am very much obliged to you for saving me and angharad from a dreadful fate . 
 truly i am , '' said linette . 
 `` again , i apologize if i was ungracious . '' 
 `` i will give you leave to be as ungracious as you choose , '' edmund said . 
 `` if i can see you again . '' 
 he looked down at her , not making play with his eyelashes . 
 his face was nak * d and open . 
 the moment turned . 
 edmund 's serious , humble honesty did what eyelashes and swagger had not , and made linette owens hesitate . 
 `` you can pay a call at 26 eaton square , at lady caroline harcourt 's , '' she said . 
 `` if you still wish to in the morning . '' 
 she drew her hand away , and after a single uncertain instant , edmund let her . 
 linette touched magnus 's arm before she ascended into the carriage . 
 she was just as pretty and amiable as before , but something in her manner had changed . 
 `` please come pay a call on me as well , if you care to , mr. bane . '' 
 `` sounds delightful . '' 
 he took her hand and helped her into the carriage , giving her away in one light graceful movement . 
 `` oh , and mr. herondale , '' said miss owens , putting her lovely laughing head through the carriage window . 
 `` please leave your whips at home . '' 
 magnus made a small shooing gesture , minuscule cerulean sparks dancing between his fingers . 
 the carriage set off driverless in the dark , down the london streets . 
 break it was some time before magnus attended another meeting about the proposed accords , in the main because there had been disagreements about the choice of venue . 
 magnus himself had voted that they meet somewhere other than the section of the institute that had been built off sacrosanct ground . 
 he felt that the place had the air of the servants ' quarters . 
 mainly because amalia morgenstern had mentioned that the area used to be the fairchilds ' servants ' quarters . 
 the shadowhunters had resisted the idea of frequenting any low den of downworlders -lrb- direct quote from granville fairchild -rrb- , and the suggestion of staying outdoors and going to the park was vetoed because it was felt that the dignity of a conclave would be much impaired if some oblivious mundanes had a picnic in their midst . 
 magnus did not believe a word of it . 
 after weeks of wrangling , their group finally capitulated and trailed dispiritedly back to the london institute . 
 the only bright spot was a literal bright spot-camille was wearing an extremely fascinating red hat , and dainty red lace gloves . 
 `` you look foolish and frivolous , '' said de quincey under his breath as the shadowhunters found their places around the table in the large dim room . 
 `` de quincey is quite right , '' said magnus . 
 `` you look foolish , frivolous , and fabulous . '' 
 camille preened , and magnus found it delightful and sympathetic , the way a small compliment could please a woman who had been beautiful for centuries . 
 `` exactly the effect i was attempting to produce , '' said camille . 
 `` shall i tell you a secret ? '' 
 `` pray do . '' 
 magnus leaned in toward her , and she inclined toward him . 
 `` i wore it for you , '' camille whispered . 
 the dim , stately room , its walls cloaked in tapestries emblazoned with swords , stars , and the runes the nephilim wore on their own skin , brightened suddenly . 
 all of london seemed to brighten . 
 magnus had been alive hundreds of years himself , and yet the simplest things could turn a day into a jewel , and a succession of days into a glittering chain that went on and on . 
 here was the simplest thing : a pretty girl liked him , and the day shone . 
 ralf scott 's thin pale face turned paler still , and was set in lines of pain now , but magnus did not know the boy and was not bound to care overmuch for his broken heart . 
 if the lady preferred magnus , magnus was not inclined to argue with her . 
 `` how pleased we are to receive you all here again , '' said granville fairchild , as stern as ever . 
 he folded his hands before him on the table . 
 `` at long last . '' 
 `` how pleased we are that we could come to an agreement , '' said magnus . 
 `` at long last . '' 
 `` i believe roderick morgenstern has prepared a few words , '' said fairchild . 
 his face was set , and his deep voice rang hollow . 
 there was a slight suggestion of a kitten crying all alone in a large cave . 
 `` i believe i have heard enough from shadowhunters , '' said ralf scott . 
 `` we have already heard the terms of the nephilim for the preservation of peace between our kind and yours - '' `` the list of our requirements was by no means complete , '' interrupted a man called silas pangborn . 
 `` indeed it was not , '' said the woman at his side , as stern and beautiful as one of the nephilim 's statues . 
 pangborn had introduced her as `` eloisa ravenscar , my parabatai '' with the same proprietary air as he might have said `` my wife . '' 
 evidently , they stood united against downworlders . 
 `` we have terms of our own , '' said ralf scott . 
 there was utter silence from the shadowhunters . 
 from their faces , magnus did not think they were preparing themselves to listen attentively . 
 instead they seemed stunned by downworlder impudence . 
 ralf persisted , despite the utter lack of encouragement for him to do so . 
 the boy was valiant even in a lost cause , magnus thought , and despite himself he felt a little pang . 
 `` we will want guarantees that no downworlder whose hands are clean of mundane blood will be slaughtered . 
 we want a law that states that any shadowhunter who does strike down an innocent downworlder will be punished . '' 
 ralf bore the outbreak of protest , and shouted it down . 
 `` you people live by laws ! 
 they are all you understand ! '' 
 `` yes , our laws , passed down to us by the angel ! '' 
 thundered fairchild . 
 `` not rules that demon scum try to impose on us , '' sneered starkweather . 
 `` is it too much to ask , to have laws to defend us as well as laws to defend the mundanes and the nephilim ? '' 
 ralf demanded . 
 `` my parents were slain by shadowhunters because of a terrible misunderstanding , because my parents were in the wrong place at the wrong time and presumed guilty because they were werewolves . 
 i am raising my young brother alone . 
 i want my people to be protected , to be strong , and not to be driven into corners until they either become killers or are killed ! '' 
 magnus looked over to camille , to share the spark of sympathy and indignation for ralf scott , so terribly young and terribly hurt and terribly in love with her . 
 camille 's face was untouched , more like a porcelain doll 's face than a person 's , her skin porcelain that could not redden or pale , her eyes cold glass . 
 he felt a qualm and dismissed it out of hand . 
 it was a vampire 's face , that was all-no renoindentection of how she actually felt . 
 there were many who could not read anything but evil in magnus 's own eyes . 
 `` what a terrible shame , '' said starkweather . 
 `` i would have thought you might have more siblings to share the burden . 
 you people generally have litters , do you not ? '' 
 ralf scott jumped up and hit the table with an open palm . 
 his fingers grew claws and scored the surface of the table . 
 `` i think we need scones ! '' 
 exclaimed amalia morgenstern . 
 `` how dare you ? '' 
 bellowed granville fairchild . 
 `` that was mahogany ! '' 
 cried roderick morgenstern , looking appalled . 
 `` i would very much like a scone , '' said arabella the mermaid . 
 `` also possibly some cucumber sandwiches . '' 
 `` i like egg and cress , '' contributed rachel branwell . 
 `` i will not stand to be so insulted ! '' 
 said a shadowhunter called waybread , or some such thing . 
 `` you will not be insulted , and yet you will insist on murdering us , '' camille remarked , her cool voice cutting the air . 
 magnus felt almost unbearably proud of her , and ralf threw her a passionately grateful look . 
 `` it seems hardly fair . '' 
 `` do you know that , last time , they threw away the plates that our very touch had profaned , once we were gone ? '' 
 magnus asked softly . 
 `` we can come to an agreement only if we begin at a position of some mutual respect . '' 
 starkweather barked a laugh . 
 magnus actually did not hate starkweather ; at least he was no hypocrite . 
 no matter how foul , magnus did appreciate honesty . 
 `` then we wo n't come to an agreement . '' 
 `` i fear i must agree , '' magnus murmured . 
 he pressed a hand over his heart and his new peacock-blue waistcoat . 
 `` i strive to find some respect in my heart for you , but alas ! 
 it seems an impossible quest . '' 
 `` damned insolent magical libertine ! '' 
 magnus inclined his head . 
 `` just so . '' 
 when the refreshments tray arrived , the pause in hurling insults in order to consume scones was so excruciatingly awkward that magnus excused himself under the pretext that he had to use the conveniences . 
 break there were only a few chambers in the institute into which downworlders were permitted to venture . 
 magnus had simply intended to creep off into a shadowed corner , and he was rather displeased to find that the first shadowed corner he came upon was occupied . 
 there was an armchair and a small table . 
 slumped on the tabletop that depicted filigree gold angels was a seated man , cradling a small box in his hands . 
 magnus recognized the shining hair and broad shoulders immediately . 
 `` mr. herondale ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 edmund started badly . 
 for a moment magnus thought he might fall from his chair , but shadowhunter grace saved him . 
 he stared at magnus with blurred , wounded surprise , like a child slapped from sleep . 
 magnus doubted he had been doing much sleeping ; his face was marked with sleepless nights . 
 `` had a night of it , did we ? '' 
 magnus asked , a little more gently . 
 `` i had a few glasses of wine with the duck a l'orange , '' edmund said , with a pallid smile that vanished as soon as it was born . 
 `` i shall never eat duck again . 
 i can not believe i used to like duck . 
 the duck betrayed me . '' 
 he was silent , then admitted , `` perhaps more than a few glasses . 
 i have not seen you in eaton square . '' 
 magnus wondered why on earth edmund had thought he would , and then he recalled . 
 it was the beautiful young welsh girl 's address . 
 `` you went to eaton square ? '' 
 edmund looked at him as if magnus were dull-witted . 
 `` pardon me , '' said magnus . 
 `` i simply find it hard to imagine one of the mundanes ' glorious invisible protectors paying a social call . '' 
 this time edmund 's grin was the old one , brilliant and engaging , even though it did not last . 
 `` well , they did ask me for a card , and i had not the faintest idea what they meant by that . 
 i was turned away with vast contempt by her butler . '' 
 `` i take it you did not give the matter up there . '' 
 `` no indeed , '' said edmund . 
 `` i simply lay in wait , and after a mere few days had the opportunity to follow li-miss owens , and caught up with her riding in rotten row . 
 i have seen her every day since then . '' '' 
 ` follow ' her ? 
 i wonder that the lady did not alert a constable . '' 
 the glow returned to edmund 's face , rendering him in gold and blue and pearl again . 
 `` linette says i am fortunate she did not . '' 
 he added , a little shyly , `` we are engaged to be married . '' 
 that was news indeed . 
 the nephilim generally married among themselves , an aristocracy based on their belief in their own sanctity . 
 any prospective mundane bride or bridegroom would be expected to drink from the mortal cup and be transformed through dangerous alchemy into one of the angel 's own . 
 it was not a transformation that all survived . 
 `` congratulations , '' said magnus , and he kept his concerns locked in his own bosom . 
 `` i presume miss owens will soon ascend ? '' 
 edmund took a deep breath . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` she will not . '' 
 `` oh , '' said magnus , understanding at last . 
 edmund looked down at the box he held in his hands . 
 it was a simple wooden affair , with the symbol for infinity drawn upon the side in what looked like burned match . 
 `` this is a pyxis , '' he said . 
 `` it holds within it the spirit of the first demon i ever slew . 
 i was fourteen years old , and it was the day when i knew what i was born to do , what i was born to be-a shadowhunter . '' 
 magnus looked at edmund 's bowed head , his scarred warrior 's hands clenched on the small box , and could not help the sympathy kindling within him . 
 edmund spoke , in a confessional stream to his own soul and to the only person he knew who might listen and not think edmund 's love was blasphemy . 
 `` linette thinks it her duty and her calling to care for the people on her estate . 
 she does not wish to be a shadowhunter . 
 and i-i would not wish it , or ask it of her . 
 men and women perish in attempts to ascend . 
 she is brave and beautiful and unwavering , and if the law says she is not worthy exactly as she is , then the law is a lie . 
 i can not believe the unfairness of it , that i have found the one woman in all the world whom i could love , and what does the law say to this feeling that i know is sacred ? 
 in order to be with her , either i am meant to ask my dearest love to risk her life , a life that is worth more to me than my own . 
 or i am meant to cut away the other part of my soul-burn away my life 's purpose and all the gifts the angel gave me . '' 
 magnus remembered how edmund had looked in that gorgeous leap to attack the demon , how his whole body had changed from restless energy to absolute purpose when he saw a demon : when he threw himself into the fray with the simple , natural joy of one who was doing what he was made for . 
 `` did you ever want to be anything else ? '' 
 `` no , '' said edmund . 
 he stood and put a hand against the wall and raked the other hand through his hair , an angel brought to his knees , wild and bewildered by pain . 
 `` but what of your dim view of marriage ? '' 
 magnus demanded . 
 `` what of having only one bonbon when you could have the box ? '' 
 `` i was very stupid , '' edmund said , almost violently . 
 `` i thought of love as a game . 
 it is not a game . 
 it is more serious than death . 
 without linette , i might as well be dead . '' 
 `` you speak of giving up your shadowhunter nature , '' said magnus softly . 
 `` one can give up many things for love , but one should not give up oneself . '' 
 `` is that so , bane ? '' 
 edmund whirled on him . 
 `` i was born to be a warrior , and i was born to be with her . 
 tell me how to reconcile the two , because i can not ! '' 
 magnus made no answer . 
 he was looking at edmund and remembering when he had drunkenly thought of the shadowhunter as a lovely ship , that might sail straight out to sea or wreck itself upon the rocks . 
 he could see the rocks now , dark and jagged on the horizon . 
 he saw edmund 's future without shadowhunting , how he would yearn for the danger and the risk . 
 how he would find it at the gaming tables . 
 how fragile he would always be once his sense of purpose was gone . 
 and then there was linette , who had fallen in love with a golden shadowhunter , an avenging angel . 
 what would she think of him when he was just another welsh farmer , all his glory stripped away ? 
 yet love was not something to be thrown aside lightly . 
 it came so rarely , only a few times in a mortal life . 
 sometimes it came but once . 
 magnus could not say edmund herondale was wrong to seize love when he had found it . 
 he could think nephilim law was wrong for making him choose . 
 edmund exhaled . 
 he looked drained . 
 `` i beg your pardon , bane , '' he said . 
 `` i am simply being a child , screaming and kicking against fate , and it is time to stop being a stupid boy . 
 why struggle against a choice that is already made ? 
 if i were asked to choose between sacrificing my life or sacrificing linette 's every day for the rest of eternity , i would sacrifice my own every time . '' 
 magnus looked away , so as not to see the wreckage . 
 `` i wish you luck , '' he said . 
 `` luck and love . '' 
 edmund made a small bow . 
 `` i bid you good day . 
 i think we will not meet again . '' 
 he walked away , into the inner reaches of the institute . 
 a few feet away , he wavered and paused , light from one of the narrow church windows turning his hair rich gold , and magnus thought he would turn . 
 but edmund herondale never looked back . 
 break magnus returned with a heavy heart to the room where the shadowhunters and downworlders were still fighting a war of words . 
 neither side seemed inclined to give way . 
 magnus was inclined to give the matter up as hopeless . 
 through the stained-glass windows the curtains of night began to show the signs of drawing down to reveal the day , and the vampires had to leave . 
 `` it seems to me , '' said camille , drawing on her scarlet gloves , `` that another meeting will prove just as futile as these have been . '' 
 `` if downworlders continue to be insolent wretches , '' said starkweather . 
 `` if shadowhunters continue to be sanctimonious murderers , '' snapped scott . 
 magnus could not quite look at his face , not after edmund herondale 's . 
 he did not want to watch as another boy 's dreams died . 
 `` enough ! '' 
 said granville fairchild . 
 `` madam , do not ask me to believe that you have never harmed a human soul . 
 i am not a fool . 
 and what kills shadowhunters have made , they have made in the cause of justice and in the defense of the helpless . '' 
 camille smiled a slow , sweet smile . 
 `` if you believe that , '' she murmured , `` then you are a fool . '' 
 cue another dreary , wearying burst of outrage from the assembled shadowhunters . 
 it warmed magnus to see camille defending the boy . 
 she was fond of ralf scott , he thought . 
 perhaps more than fond . 
 magnus might hope that she would choose him , but he found he could not begrudge scott her affection . 
 he offered her his arm as they left the room , and she took it . 
 they went out into the street together . 
 and there on the very doorstep of the institute , the demons descended . 
 achaieral demons , their teeth razors and their wide wings scorched-black leather like the aprons of blacksmiths . 
 they blanketed the night , blotting out the moon and wiping away the stars , and camille shuddered at magnus 's side , her fangs out . 
 at the sign of camille 's fear , ralf scott lunged at the enemy , transforming as he went , and brought one down in a bloody tangle onto the cobbles . 
 the shadowhunters rushed out too , weapons sliding out of sheaths and garments alike . 
 amalia morgenstern , it emerged , had been hiding a small tasteful axe under her hoop skirt . 
 roderick morgenstern ran out into the street and stabbed the demon ralf scott was wrestling with . 
 from the small cart that contained her aquarium , arabella gave a scream of real fear , and ducked down to the bottom of her woefully inadequate tank . 
 `` to me , josiah ! '' 
 thundered fairchild , and josiah waybread-no , magnus thought it was wayland , actually-joined him . 
 they ranged themselves in front of arabella 's cart and stood to defend her , letting no demon past the bright line of their blades . 
 silas pangborn and eloisa ravenscar moved to the street , fighting back-to-back , their weapons bright blurs in their hands and their movements in perfect synchronization , as if the pair of them had melded into a single fierce creature . 
 de quincey followed and fought with them . 
 the presence at magnus 's side was gone suddenly . 
 camille left him and went running to help ralf scott . 
 one demon leaped onto her from behind and seized her up in its bladelike talons . 
 ralf howled despair and grief . 
 magnus blasted the demon out of the sky . 
 camille went tumbling onto the ground , and magnus knelt and gathered her , shaking , into his arms . 
 he was amazed to see the gleam of tears in her green eyes , was amazed at how fragile she felt . 
 `` i beg your pardon . 
 i am not generally so easily overset . 
 a mundane fortune-teller once told me that death would come to me as a surprise , '' camille said , her voice trembling . 
 `` a foolish superstition , is it not ? 
 yet i always wish to be warned . 
 i fear nothing , if only i am told that danger is coming . '' 
 `` i would be entirely overset myself , if my ensemble had been spoiled by demons who know nothing of fashion , '' said magnus , and camille laughed . 
 her eyes looked like grass under the dew , and she was brave and beautiful and would fight for their kind and yet rest against him . 
 it was in that moment that magnus felt as if he had stopped searching for love . 
 magnus looked up from camille 's enchanting face to see that the shadowhunters and downworlders were , for a wonder , not arguing . 
 instead they were all observing one another , standing in the suddenly-quiet street with the bodies of their foes around them , vanquished because they had stood together . 
 there was a certain wonder in the air , as if the nephilim could not see the downworlders as demonic when they had fought alongside them against true demons . 
 the shadowhunters were warriors ; the bonds of war meant a great deal to them . 
 magnus was no warrior , but he remembered how the shadowhunters had moved to protect a mermaid and a werewolf . 
 that meant something to him , too . 
 perhaps there was something to be salvaged here this night . 
 perhaps they could make this wild idea of the accords work after all . 
 then he felt camille move in his arms , and saw where she was looking . 
 she was gazing at ralf scott , and he was looking back at her . 
 there was a world of hurt in his eyes . 
 the boy climbed to his feet , and vented his ire on the shadowhunters . 
 `` you people did this , '' he raged . 
 `` you want us all dead . 
 you lured us here - '' `` are you mad ? '' 
 fairchild demanded . 
 `` we are nephilim . 
 if we wanted you dead , you would be dead . 
 we do not require demons to do our killing for us , and we certainly do not wish for them to befoul our very doorstep . 
 my daughter lives here . 
 i would not put her in danger for anything you care to name , and certainly not for downworlders . '' 
 magnus had to admit he had a point . 
 `` it is you people who brought that filth to us ! '' 
 starkweather bellowed . 
 magnus opened his mouth to argue , and then he recalled how excessively vehement the queen of the faeries had been when she argued against an agreement with shadowhunters , and yet how strangely curious she had been about the details thereof , such as the time and place of their meetings . 
 he closed his mouth . 
 fairchild gave magnus a condemning glance , as if the shadowhunter could read the guilt of all downworlders on his countenance . 
 `` if what starkweather says is true , you have lost any opportunity to forge an agreement between our people . '' 
 it was done , then , and magnus saw the rage pass from ralf scott 's face as he visibly gave up his struggle . 
 ralf looked up at fairchild with clear eyes , and spoke in a calm , ringing voice . 
 `` you will not give us aid ? 
 very well . 
 we do not need it . 
 werewolves will take care of their own . 
 i will see it done . '' 
 the werewolf boy evaded de quincey 's detaining hand and paid no heed to fairchild 's sharp reply . 
 the only one he paid attention to was camille . 
 he looked at her for a moment . 
 camille lifted her hand , then dropped it , and ralf whirled and walked away from both shadowhunters and his fellow downworlders . 
 magnus saw him square his thin shoulders as he went , a boy accepting a heavy burden and accepting that he had lost what he loved best . 
 magnus was reminded of edmund herondale . 
 break magnus did not see edmund herondale again , but he heard him once more . 
 the shadowhunters decided that magnus and camille were the most reasonable among the downworlders that they had assembled . 
 given that the other choices were intemperate werewolves and alexei de quincey , magnus could not feel himself noindentattered by the preference . 
 the nephilim asked magnus and camille to come for a private meeting , to exchange information so that they could continue to correspond , independent of ralf scott . 
 implicit in their request was the promise that the shadowhunters might offer their protection if magnus and camille needed it at some future time . 
 in exchange , of course , for magic or downworlder information . 
 magnus went to the meeting to see camille , and for no other reason . 
 he told himself that he was not thinking at all of that fight against the demons , and how they had been united . 
 when he stepped into the institute , however , he was pulled up short by the sounds . 
 the noises came from the depths of the building , and they were the rattling , tormented sounds of someone being noindentayed alive . 
 they sounded like the screams of a soul in hell , or a soul being ripped from heaven . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 there were only a few shadowhunters present at this unofficial meeting , instead of the mass of clave representatives . 
 only granville fairchild , silas pangborn , and josiah wayland were in attendance . 
 the three shadowhunters stood in the small hall , cries of agony reverberating from the tapestry-covered walls and the domed ceiling , and all three nephilim appeared entirely indifferent . 
 `` a young shadowhunter by the name of edmund herondale has disgraced his family name and forsaken his calling so that he might noindenting himself into the arms of a mundane chit , '' josiah wayland answered , with no sign of emotion . 
 `` he is being stripped of his marks . '' 
 `` and being stripped of your marks , '' magnus said slowly . 
 `` it is like that ? '' 
 `` it is being remade , into a baser thing , '' said granville fairchild , his voice cold , though his face was pale . 
 `` it is against the will of the angel . 
 of course it hurts . '' 
 there was a shuddering scream of agony to underlie his words . 
 he did not turn his head . 
 magnus felt cold with horror . 
 `` you 're barbarians . '' 
 `` do you want to rush to his aid ? '' 
 inquired wayland . 
 `` if you try , every one of us will move to strike you down . 
 do not dare to question our motives or our way of life . 
 you speak of that which is higher and nobler than you can possibly understand . '' 
 magnus heard another scream , and this one broke off into desperate sobbing . 
 the warlock thought of the bright boy he had spent one night at a club with , his face radiant and untouched by pain . 
 this was the price shadowhunters set on love . 
 magnus started forward , but the shadowhunters drew together with bared blades and stern faces . 
 an angel with a noindentaming sword , proclaiming that magnus should not pass , could not have expressed more conviction of his own righteousness . 
 he heard the echoes of his stepfather 's voice in his mind : devil 's child , satan 's get , born to be damned , forsaken by god . 
 the long lonely cry of a suffering boy he could not help chilled magnus through to the bone , like cold water seeping through to find a grave . 
 sometimes he thought they were all forsaken , every soul on this earth . 
 even the nephilim . 
 `` there is nothing to be done , magnus . 
 come away , '' said camille 's voice in his ear in an undertone . 
 her hand was small but held magnus 's arm in a firm grip . 
 she was strong , stronger than magnus was , perhaps in all ways . 
 `` fairchild raised the boy from a child , i believe , and yet he is throwing him away like refuse into the street . 
 the nephilim have no pity . '' 
 magnus allowed her to draw him away , into the street and away from the institute . 
 he was impressed that she was still so calm . 
 camille had fortitude , magnus thought . 
 he wished she could teach him the trick of being less foolish , and less easily hurt . 
 `` i hear you are leaving us , mr. bane , '' camille said . 
 `` i shall be sorry to see you go . 
 de quincey hosts the most famous parties , and i hear you are quite the life and soul of any party you attend . '' 
 `` i am sorry to go , indeed , '' said magnus . 
 `` if i might ask why ? '' 
 said camille , her lovely face upturned , her green eyes glittering . 
 `` i had rather thought that london had caught your fancy , and that you might stay . '' 
 her invitation was almost irresistible . 
 but magnus was no shadowhunter . 
 he could have pity on someone who was suffering , and young . 
 `` that young werewolf , ralf scott , '' magnus said , abandoning pretense . 
 `` he is in love with you . 
 and it seemed to me you looked at him with some interest as well . '' 
 `` and if that is true ? '' 
 camille asked , laughing . 
 `` you do not strike me as the sort of man to step aside and renounce a claim for the benefit of another ! '' 
 `` ah , but i am not a man . 
 am i ? 
 i have years , and so do you , '' he added , and that was glorious too , the idea of loving someone and not fearing they would soon be lost . 
 `` but werewolves are not immortals . 
 they age and die . 
 the scott boy has but one chance for your love , where i-i might go and return , and find you here again . '' 
 she pouted prettily . 
 `` i might forget you . '' 
 he bent to her ear . 
 `` if you do , i shall have to recall myself forcibly to your attention . '' 
 his hands spanned her waist , the silk of her dress smooth under the pads of his fingertips . 
 he could feel the swell and rise of her under his touch . 
 his lips brushed her skin , and he felt her jump and shudder . 
 he whispered , `` love the boy . 
 give him his happiness . 
 and when i return , i shall devote an age to admiring you . '' 
 `` an entire age ? '' 
 `` perhaps , '' said magnus , teasing . 
 `` how does marvell 's poem go ? 
 `` an hundred years should go to praise thine eyes and on thy forehead gaze ; two hundred to adore each breast , but thirty thousand to the rest ; an age at least to every part , and the last age should show your heart ... . '' 
 camille 's eyebrows had lifted at the reference to her bosom , but her eyes were sparkling . 
 `` and how do you know that i have a heart ? '' 
 magnus raised his own eyebrows , conceding the point . 
 `` i have heard it said that love is faith . '' 
 `` whether your faith is justified , '' camille said , `` time will tell . '' 
 `` before time tells us anything more , '' magnus said , `` i humbly beg of you to accept a small token of my regard . '' 
 he reached inside his coat , which was made of blue superfine fabric and which he hoped camille found dashing , and produced the necklace . 
 the ruby glinted in the light of a nearby streetlamp , its heart the rich color of blood . 
 `` it is a pretty thing , '' said magnus . 
 `` very pretty . '' 
 she sounded amused at the understatement . 
 `` not worthy of your beauty , of course , but what could be ? 
 there is one small thing besides prettiness to recommend it . 
 there is a spell on the jewel , to warn you when demons are near . '' 
 camille 's eyes went very wide . 
 she was an intelligent woman , and magnus saw she knew the full value of the jewel and of the spell . 
 magnus had sold the house in grosvenor square , and what else had he to do with the proceeds ? 
 he could think of nothing more valuable than purchasing a guarantee that would keep camille safe , and cause her to remember him kindly . 
 `` i will think of you when i am far away , '' magnus promised , fastening the pendant about her white throat . 
 `` i would like to think of you fearless . '' 
 camille 's hand noindentuttered , a white dove , to the sparkling heart of the necklace and away again . 
 she looked up into magnus 's eyes . 
 `` in all justice , i must give you a token to remember me by , '' she said , smiling . 
 `` oh , well , '' said magnus as she drew close . 
 his hand settled on the small silk circle of her waist . 
 before his lips met hers , he murmured , `` if it is in the cause of justice . '' 
 camille kissed him . 
 magnus spared a thought to making the streetlamp burn more brightly , and the noindentame within the iron and glass case filled the whole street with soft blue light . 
 he held her and the promise of possible love , and in that warm instant all the narrow streets of london seemed to expand , and he could even think kindly of shadowhunters , and one more than the rest . 
 he spared a moment to hope that edmund herondale would find comfort in the arms of his beautiful mundane love , that he would live a life that made all he had lost and all he had suffered seem worthwhile . 
 magnus 's ship would sail that night . 
 he left camille so that she might search out ralf scott , and he boarded his steamship , a glorious iron-hulled thing called the persia that had been made with the latest of mundane inventiveness . 
 his interest in the ship and his thoughts of an adventure to come made him regret his departure less , but even so , he stood at the rail as the ship departed into night waters . 
 he looked his last on the city he was leaving behind . 
 years later magnus would return to london and camille belcourt 's side , and find it not all that he had dreamed . 
 years later another desperate herondale boy with blue , blue eyes would come to his door , shaking with the cold of the rain and his own wretchedness , and this one magnus would be able to help . 
 magnus knew none of that then . 
 he only stood on the deck of the ship and watched london and all its light and shadows slide away out of sight . 
