 chapter one 1903 it took magnus nearly twenty minutes to notice the boy shooting out all the lights in the room , but to be fair , he had been distracted by the decor . 
 it had been nearly a quarter century since magnus had been in london . 
 he had missed the place . 
 certainly new york had an energy at the turn of the century that no other city could match . 
 magnus loved being in a carriage rattling into the dazzling lights of longacre square , pulling up outside the olympia theatre 's elaborate french renaissance facade , or rubbing elbows with a dozen different kinds of people at the hot dog festival in greenwich village . 
 he enjoyed traveling on the elevated railways , squealing brakes and all , and he was much looking forward to traveling through the vast underground systems they were building below the very heart of the city . 
 he had seen the construction of the great station at columbus circle just before he had left , and hoped to return to find it finished at last . 
 but london was london , wearing its history in layers , with every age contained in the new age . 
 magnus had history here too . 
 magnus had loved people here , and hated them . 
 there had been one woman whom he had both loved and hated , and he had fled london to escape that memory . 
 he sometimes wondered if he had been wrong to leave , if he should have endured the bad memories for the sake of the good , and suffered , and stayed . 
 magnus slouched down in the tufted velvet chair-shabby at the arms , worn by decades of sleeves rubbing away the fabric-and gazed around the room . 
 there was a gentility to english places that america , in all her brash youthfulness , could not match . 
 glimmering chandeliers dripped from the ceiling-cut glass , of course , not crystal , but it shed a pretty light-and electric sconces lined the walls . 
 magnus still found electricity rather thrilling , though it was duller than witchlight . 
 groups of gentlemen sat at tables , playing rounds of faro and piquet . 
 ladies who were no better than they should be , whose dresses were too tight and too bright and too all the things magnus liked most , lounged on velvet-covered benches along the walls . 
 gentlemen who had done well at the tables approached them , flushed with victory and pound notes ; those whom lady luck had not smiled on drew on their coats at the door and slunk off silently into the night , bereft of money and companionship . 
 it was all very dramatic , which magnus enjoyed . 
 he had not yet grown tired of the pageantry of ordinary life and ordinary people , despite the passage of time and the fact that people were all very much the same in the end . 
 a loud explosion caused him to look up . 
 there was a boy standing in the middle of the room , a cocked silver pistol in his hand . 
 he was surrounded by broken glass , having just shot off one arm of the chandelier . 
 magnus was overwhelmed with the feeling the french called deja vu , the feeling that i have been here before . 
 he had , of course , been in london before , twenty-five years past . 
 this boy 's face was a face to recall the past . 
 this was a face from the past , one of the most beautiful faces magnus could ever recall seeing . 
 it was a face so finely cut that it cast the shabbiness of this place into stark relief-a beauty that burned so fiercely that it put the glare of the electric lights to shame . 
 the boy 's skin was so white and clear that it seemed to have a light shining behind it . 
 the lines of his cheekbones , his jaw , and his throat-exposed by a linen shirt open at the collar-were so clean and perfect that he almost would have looked like a statue were it not for the much disheveled and slightly curling hair falling into his face , as black as midnight against his lucent pallor . 
 the years drew magnus back again , the fog and gaslight of a london more than twenty years lost rising to claim magnus . 
 he found his lips shaping a name : will . 
 will herondale . 
 magnus stepped forward instinctively , the movement feeling as if it were not of his own volition . 
 the boy 's eyes went to him , and a shock passed through magnus . 
 they were not will 's eyes , the eyes magnus remembered being as blue as a night sky in hell , eyes magnus had seen both despairing and tender . 
 this boy had shining golden eyes , like a crystal glass filled brimful with crisp white wine and held up to catch the light of a blazing sun . 
 if his skin was luminous , his eyes were radiant . 
 magnus could not imagine these eyes as tender . 
 the boy was very , very lovely , but his was a beauty like that helen of troy might have had once , disaster written in every line . 
 the light of his beauty made magnus think of cities burning . 
 fog and gaslight receded into memory . 
 his momentary lapse into foolish nostalgia was over . 
 this was not will . 
 that broken , beautiful boy would be a man now , and this boy was a stranger . 
 still , magnus did not think that such a great resemblance could be a coincidence . 
 he made his way toward the boy with little effort , as the other denizens of the gaming hell seemed , perhaps understandably , reluctant to approach him . 
 the boy was standing alone as though the broken glass all around him were a shining sea and he were an island . 
 `` not precisely a shadowhunter weapon , '' magnus murmured . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 those golden eyes narrowed into bright slits , and the long-fingered hand not holding the pistol went to the boy 's sleeve , where magnus presumed his nearest blade was concealed . 
 his hands were not quite steady . 
 `` peace , '' magnus added . 
 `` i mean you no harm . 
 i am a warlock the whitelaws of new york will vouch for as being quite-well , mostly-harmless . '' 
 there was a long pause that felt somewhat dangerous . 
 the boy 's eyes were like stars , shining but giving no clue to his feelings . 
 magnus was generally good at reading people , but he found it difficult to predict what this boy might do . 
 magnus was truly surprised by what the boy said next . 
 `` i know who you are . '' 
 his voice was not like his face ; it had gentleness to it . 
 magnus managed to hide his surprise and raised his eyebrows in silent inquiry . 
 he had not lived three hundred years without learning not to rise to every bait offered . 
 `` you are magnus bane . '' 
 magnus hesitated , then inclined his head . 
 `` and you are ? '' 
 `` i , '' the boy announced , `` am james herondale . '' 
 `` you know , '' magnus murmured , `` i rather thought you might be called something like that . 
 i am delighted to hear that i am famous . '' 
 `` you 're my father 's warlock friend . 
 he would always speak of you to my sister and me whenever other shadowhunters spoke slightingly of downworlders in our presence . 
 he would say he knew a warlock who was a better friend , and more worth trusting , than many a nephilim warrior . '' 
 the boy 's lips curled as he said it , and he spoke mockingly but with more contempt than amusement behind the mockery , as if his father had been a fool to tell him this , and james himself was a fool to repeat it . 
 magnus found himself in no mood for cynicism . 
 they had parted well , he and will , but he knew shadowhunters . 
 the nephilim were swift to judge and condemn a downworlder for ill deeds , acting as if every sin were graven in stone for all time , proving that magnus 's people were evil by nature . 
 shadowhunters ' conviction of their own angelic virtue and righteousness made it easy for them to let a warlock 's good deeds slip their minds , as if they were written in water . 
 he had not expected to see or hear of will herondale on this journey , but if magnus had thought of it , he would have been unsurprised to be all but forgotten , a petty player in a boy 's tragedy . 
 being remembered , and remembered so kindly , touched him more than he would have thought possible . 
 the boy 's star-shining , burning-city eyes traveled across magnus 's face and saw too much . 
 `` i would not set any great store by it . 
 my father trusts a great many people , '' james herondale said , and laughed . 
 it was quite clear suddenly that he was extremely drunk . 
 not that magnus had imagined he was firing at chandeliers while stone-cold sober . 
 `` trust . 
 it is like placing a blade in someone 's hand and setting the very point against your own heart . '' 
 `` i have not asked you to trust me , '' magnus pointed out mildly . 
 `` we have just met . '' 
 `` oh , i 'll trust you , '' the boy told him carelessly . 
 `` it hardly matters . 
 we are all betrayed sooner or later-all betrayed , or traitors . '' 
 chapter two `` i see that a flair for the dramatic runs in the blood , '' magnus said under his breath . 
 it was a different kind of dramatics , though . 
 will had made an exhibition of vice in private , to drive away those nearest and dearest to him . 
 james was making a public spectacle . 
 perhaps he loved vice for vice 's own sake . 
 `` what ? '' 
 james asked . 
 `` nothing , '' said magnus . 
 `` i was merely wondering what the chandelier had done to offend you . '' 
 james looked up at the ruined chandelier , and down at the shards of glass at his feet , as if he were noticing them only now . 
 `` i was bet , '' he said , `` twenty pounds that i would not shoot out all the lights of the chandelier . '' 
 `` and who bet you ? '' 
 said magnus , not divulging a hint of what he thought-that anyone who bet a drunk seventeen-year-old boy that he could wave around a deadly weapon with impunity ought to be in gaol . 
 `` that fellow there , '' james announced , pointing . 
 magnus looked in the general direction james was gesturing toward , and spied a familiar face at the faro table . 
 `` the green one ? '' 
 magnus inquired . 
 coaxing drunken shadowhunters into making fools of themselves was a favorite occupation among the downworlders , and this performance had been a tremendous success . 
 ragnor fell , the high warlock of london , shrugged , and magnus sighed inwardly . 
 perhaps gaol would be a bit extreme , though magnus still felt his emerald friend could use taking down a peg or two . 
 `` is he really green ? '' 
 james asked , not seeming to care overmuch . 
 `` i thought that was the absinthe . '' 
 then james herondale , son of william herondale and theresa gray , the two shadowhunters who had been the closest of their kind to friends that magnus had ever known-though tessa had not been quite a shadowhunter , or not entirely-turned his back on magnus , set his sights on a woman serving drinks to a table surrounded by werewolves , and shot her down . 
 she collapsed on the floor with a cry , and all the gamblers sprang from their tables , cards flying and drinks spilling . 
 james laughed , and the laugh was clear and bright , and it was then that magnus began to be truly alarmed . 
 will 's voice would have shaken , betraying that his cruelty had been part of his playacting , but his son 's laugh was that of someone genuinely delighted by the chaos erupting all around him . 
 magnus 's hand shot out and grasped the boy 's wrist , the hum and light of magic crackling along his fingers like a promise . 
 `` that 's enough . '' 
 `` be easy , '' james said , still laughing . 
 `` i am a very good shot , and peg the tavern maid is famous for her wooden leg . 
 i think that is why they call her peg . 
 her real name , i believe , is ermentrude . '' 
 `` and i suppose ragnor fell bet you twenty pounds that you could n't shoot her without managing to draw blood ? 
 how very clever of you both . '' 
 james drew his hand back from magnus 's , shaking his head . 
 his black locks fell around a face so like his father 's that it prompted an indrawn breath from magnus . 
 `` my father told me you acted as a sort of protector to him , but i do not need your protection , warlock . '' 
 `` i rather disagree with that . '' 
 `` i have taken a great many bets tonight , '' james herondale informed him . 
 `` i must perform all the terrible deeds i have promised . 
 for am i not a man of my word ? 
 i want to preserve my honor . 
 and i want another drink ! '' 
 `` what an excellent idea , '' magnus said . 
 `` i have heard alcohol only improves a man 's aim . 
 the night is young . 
 imagine how many barmaids you can shoot before dawn . '' 
 `` a warlock as dull as a scholar , '' said james , narrowing his amber eyes . 
 `` who would have thought such a thing existed ? '' 
 `` magnus has not always been so dull , '' said ragnor , appearing at james 's shoulder with a glass of wine in hand . 
 he gave it to the boy , who took it and downed it in a distressingly practiced manner . 
 `` there was a time , in peru , with a boat full of pirates - '' james wiped his mouth on his sleeve and set down his glass . 
 `` i should love to sit and listen to old men reminiscing about their lives , but i have a pressing appointment to do something that is actually interesting . 
 another time , chaps . '' 
 he turned upon his heel and left . 
 magnus made to follow him . 
 `` let the nephilim control their brat , if they can , '' ragnor said , always happy to see chaos but not be involved in it . 
 `` come have a drink with me . '' 
 `` another night , '' magnus promised . 
 `` still such a soft touch , magnus , '' ragnor called after him . 
 `` nothing you like better than a lost soul or a bad idea . '' 
 magnus wanted to argue with that , but it was difficult when he was already forsaking warmth and the promise of a drink and a few rounds of cards , and running out into the cold after a deranged shadowhunter . 
 said deranged shadowhunter turned on him , as if the narrow cobbled street were a cage and he some wild , hungry animal held there too long . 
 `` i would n't follow me , '' james warned . 
 `` i am in no mood for company . 
 especially the company of a prim magical chaperone who does not know how to enjoy himself . '' 
 `` i know perfectly well how to enjoy myself , '' remarked magnus , amused , and he made a small gesture so that for an instant all the iron streetlamps lining the street rained down varicolored sparks of light . 
 for an instant he thought he saw a light that was softer and less like burning in james herondale 's golden eyes , the beginnings of a childlike smile of delight . 
 the next moment , it was quenched . 
 james 's eyes were as bright as the jewels in a dragon 's hoard , and no more alive or joyful . 
 he shook his head , black locks flying in the night air , where the magic lights were fading . 
 `` but you do not wish to enjoy yourself , do you , james herondale ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 `` not really . 
 you want to go to the devil . '' 
 `` perhaps i think i will enjoy going to the devil , '' said james herondale , and his eyes burned like the fires of hell , enticing , and promising unimaginable suffering . 
 `` though i see no need to take anyone else with me . '' 
 no sooner had he spoken than he vanished , to all appearances softly and silently stolen away by the night air , with no one but the winking stars , the glaring streetlamps , and magnus as witnesses . 
 magnus knew magic when he saw it . 
 he spun , and at the same moment heard the click of a decided footstep against a cobblestone . 
 he turned to face a policeman walking his beat , truncheon swinging at his side , and a look of suspicion on his stolid face as he surveyed magnus . 
 chapter three it was not magnus the man had to watch out for . 
 magnus saw the buttons on the man 's uniform cease their gleaming , even though he was under a streetlamp . 
 magnus was able to discern a shadow falling where there was nothing to cast it , a surge of dark within the greater darkness of the night . 
 the policeman gave a shout of surprise as his helmet was whisked away by unseen hands . 
 he stumbled forward , hands fumbling blindly in the air to retrieve what was long gone . 
 magnus gave him a consoling smile . 
 `` cheer up , '' he said . 
 `` you can find far more flattering headgear at any shop in bond street . '' 
 the man fainted . 
 magnus considered pausing to help him , but there was being a soft touch , and then there was being ridiculous enough to not pursue a most enticing mystery . 
 a shadowhunter who could turn into a shadow ? 
 magnus turned and bolted after the bobbing policeman 's helmet , held aloft only by a taunting darkness . 
 they ran down street after street , magnus and the darkness , until the thames barred their path . 
 magnus heard the sound of its rushing swiftness rather than saw it , the dark waters at one with the night . 
 what he did see was white fingers suddenly clenched on the brim of the policeman 's helmet , the turn of james herondale 's head , darkness replaced with the tilt of his slowly appearing grin . 
 magnus saw a shadow coalescing once more into flesh . 
 so the boy had inherited something from his mother as well as his father , then . 
 tessa 's father had been a fallen angel , one of the kings of demons . 
 the boy 's lambent golden eyes seemed to magnus like his own eyes suddenly , a token of infernal blood . 
 james saw magnus looking , and winked before he hurled the helmet up into the air . 
 it flew for a moment like a strange bird , spinning gently around in the air , then hit the water . 
 the darkness was disrupted by a silver splash . 
 `` a shadowhunter who knows magic tricks , '' magnus observed . 
 `` how novel . '' 
 a shadowhunter who attacked the mundanes it was his mandate to protect-how delighted the clave would be by that . 
 `` we are but dust and shadows , as the saying goes , '' said james . 
 `` of course , the saying does not add , ` some of us also turn into shadows occasionally , when the mood takes us . ' 
 i suppose nobody predicted that i would come to pass . 
 it 's true that i have been told i am somewhat unpredictable . '' 
 `` may i ask who bet you that you could steal a policeman 's helmet , and why ? '' 
 `` foolish question . 
 never ask about the last bet , bane , '' james advised him , and reached casually to his belt , where his gun was slung , and then he drew it in one fluid , easy motion . 
 `` you should be worrying about the next one . '' 
 `` there is n't any chance , '' magnus asked , without much hope , `` that you are rather a nice fellow who believes he is cursed and must make himself seem unlovable to spare those around him from a terrible fate ? 
 because i have heard that happens sometimes . '' 
 james seemed amused by the question . 
 he smiled , and as he smiled , his waving black locks blended with the night , and the glow of his skin and his eyes grew as distant as the light of the stars until they became so pale , they diffused . 
 he was nothing but a shadow among shadows again . 
 he was an infuriating cheshire cat of a boy , nothing left of him but the impression of his smile . 
 `` my father was cursed , '' james said from the darkness . 
 `` whereas i ? 
 i 'm damned . '' 
 the london institute was exactly as magnus remembered it , tall and white and imposing , its tower cutting a white line against the dark sky . 
 shadowhunter institutes were built as monuments to withstand the ravages of demons and time . 
 when the doors opened , magnus beheld again the massive stone entryway and the two flights of stairs . 
 a woman with wildly curling red hair , whom magnus was sure he should remember but did n't , answered the door , her face creased with sleep and crossness . 
 `` what d'you want , warlock ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 magnus shifted the burden in his arms . 
 the boy was tall , and magnus had had a long night besides . 
 annoyance made his tone rather sharp as he answered : `` i want you to go tell will herondale that i have brought his whelp home . '' 
 the woman 's eyes widened . 
 she gave an impressed sort of whistle and vanished abruptly . 
 a handful of moments later magnus saw a white figure come softly down one of the staircases . 
 tessa was like the institute : hardly changed at all . 
 she had the same smooth youthful face that she had worn twenty-five years before . 
 magnus thought she must have stopped aging no more than three or four years after he had last seen her . 
 her hair was in a long brown plait , hanging over one shoulder , and she was holding a witchlight in one hand and had a small sphere of light shining in her palm in the other . 
 `` been taking magic lessons , have we , tessa ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 `` magnus ! '' 
 tessa exclaimed , and her grave face lit with a welcoming smile that sent a pang of sweetness through magnus . 
 `` but they said - oh , no . 
 oh , where did you find jamie ? '' 
 she reached the bottom of the steps , went over to magnus , and cradled the boy 's damp head in her hand in an almost absentminded gesture of affection . 
 in that gesture magnus saw how she had changed , saw the ingrained habit of motherhood , love for someone she had created and whom she cherished . 
 no other warlock would ever have a child of their own blood . 
 only tessa could have that experience . 
 magnus turned his head away from tessa at the sound of a new footfall on the stairs . 
 the memory of will the boy was so fresh that it was something of a shock to see will himself now , older , broader of shoulder , but still with the same tousled black hair and laughing blue eyes . 
 he looked just as handsome as he had ever been-more so perhaps , since he seemed so much happier . 
 magnus saw more marks of laughter than of time on his face , and found himself smiling . 
 it was true what will had said , he realized . 
 they were friends . 
 recognition crossed will 's face , and with it pleasure , but almost instantly he saw the burden magnus carried , and worry erased all else . 
 `` magnus , '' he said . 
 `` what on earth happened to james ? '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 magnus asked musingly . 
 `` well , let me see . 
 he stole a bicycle and rode it , not using his hands at any point , through trafalgar square . 
 he attempted to climb nelson 's column and fight with nelson . 
 then i lost him for a brief period of time , and by the time i caught up with him , he had wandered into hyde park , waded into the serpentine , spread his arms wide , and was shouting , ` ducks , embrace me as your king ! ' '' 
 `` dear god , '' said will . 
 `` he must have been vilely drunk . 
 tessa , i can bear it no longer . 
 he is taking awful risks with his life and rejecting all the principles i hold most dear . 
 if he continues making an exhibition of himself throughout london , he will be called to idris and kept there away from the mundanes . 
 does he not realize that ? '' 
 magnus shrugged . 
 `` he also made inappropriate amorous advances to a startled grandmotherly sort selling flowers , an irish wolfhound , an innocent hat stand in a dwelling he broke into , and myself . 
 i will add that i do not believe his admiration of my person , dazzling though i am , to be sincere . 
 he told me i was a beautiful , sparkling lady . 
 then he abruptly collapsed , naturally in the path of an oncoming train from dover , and i decided it was well past time to take him home and place him in the bosom of his family . 
 if you had rather i put him in an orphanage , i fully understand . '' 
 will was shaking his head , shadows in his blue eyes now . 
 `` bridget , '' he shouted , and magnus thought , oh , yes , that was the maid 's name . 
 `` call for the silent brothers , '' will finished . 
 `` you mean call for jem , '' tessa said , dropping her voice , and she and will shared a look-what magnus could describe only as a married look , the look of two people who understood each other completely and yet found each other adorable all the same . 
 it was quite sickening . 
 chapter four he cleared his throat . 
 `` still a silent brother , then , is he ? '' 
 will gave magnus a withering look . 
 `` it does tend to be a permanent state . 
 here , give me my son . '' 
 magnus let will take james from his arms , which were left lighter if more damp , and magnus followed will 's and tessa 's lead up the stairs . 
 inside the institute it was clear they had been redecorating . 
 charlotte 's dark drawing room now held several comfortable-looking sofas , and the walls were covered in light damask . 
 tall shelves were lined with books , volumes with the gilt rubbed off their spines and , magnus was sure , the pages much thumbed . 
 it appeared both tessa and will remained great readers . 
 will deposited james onto one of the sofas . 
 tessa rushed to find a blanket as magnus turned toward the door , only to find his hand caught in will 's grasp . 
 `` it was very good of you to bring jamie home , '' will said . 
 `` but you were always so good to me and mine . 
 i was little more than a boy then , and not as grateful or as gracious as i should have been . '' 
 `` you were well enough , will , '' said magnus . 
 `` and i see you have grown to be better . 
 also , you are not bald , and neither have you grown fat . 
 all that dashing about and fighting evil you people do is at least useful for keeping a trim figure in middle age . '' 
 will laughed . 
 `` it 's very good to see you , too . '' 
 he hesitated . 
 `` about jamie ... '' magnus tensed . 
 he had not wanted to distress will and tessa too much . 
 he had not told them that james had fallen when he was in the serpentine , and made very little effort to rescue himself from drowning . 
 he had not seemed to want to be taken from the cold depths of the water : had fought magnus as he dragged him out , then laid his pale cheek against the dank earth of the riverbank and hid his face in his arms . 
 for a moment magnus had thought he was crying , but as he stooped down to check on the boy , he found he was barely conscious . 
 with his cruel golden eyes closed , he once again reminded magnus of the lost boy will had been . 
 magnus touched his damp hair gently and said `` james , '' in as kind a voice as he could . 
 the boy 's pale hands were splayed against the dark earth . 
 the glimmer of the herondale ring shone against his skin , and the edge of something metallic shone under his sleeve as well . 
 his eyes were shut , the black lashes ink-dark crescents against the lines of his cheekbones . 
 sparkling drops of water were caught in the curling ends of those lashes , which made him look unhappy in a way he did not when awake . 
 `` grace , '' james had whispered in his sleep , and was silent . 
 magnus had not been angry : he had found himself wishing for a benevolent grace many times himself . 
 he bent and gathered the boy up in his arms . 
 his head lolled against magnus ' shoulder . 
 in sleep james had looked peaceful and innocent , and wholly human . 
 `` this just is n't like him , '' will was saying now as tessa drew a blanket up over the boy , tucking him in firmly . 
 magnus raised an eyebrow . 
 `` he 's your son . '' 
 `` what are you trying to imply ? '' 
 will demanded , and for a moment magnus saw his eyes flash , and saw the boy with messy black hair and glaring blue eyes standing in his drawing room , furious at the whole world and at no part of it more than himself . 
 `` it is n't like him , '' tessa agreed . 
 `` he 's always been so quiet , so studious . 
 lucie was the impetuous one , but they are both kind , good-hearted children . 
 at parties jamie could most often be found curled up in a corner with his latin , or laughing at a private joke with his parabatai . 
 he always kept matthew out of trouble as well as himself . 
 he was the only one who could make that indolent boy attend to his studies , '' she remarked , with a slight smile that betokened she was fond of her son 's parabatai , no matter what his faults . 
 `` now he is out at all hours , doing the most disgraceful things , and he will not listen to reason . 
 he will not listen to anybody . 
 i understand what you mean about will , but will was lonely and wretched in the days when he behaved badly . 
 james has been wrapped in love all his life . '' 
 `` betrayed ! '' 
 will muttered . 
 `` cruelly maligned by my friend and now by my own cherished wife , scorned , my name blackened - '' `` i see you are still fond of histrionics , will , '' said magnus . 
 `` as well as still handsome . '' 
 they had grown up . 
 neither of them looked startled at all . 
 tessa raised her eyebrows , and magnus saw something of her son in her then . 
 they both had the same expressive , arched brows , giving their faces a look of both inquiry and amusement , though in james 's face the amusement was bitter . 
 `` do stop flirting with my husband , '' said tessa . 
 `` i shall not , '' magnus declared , `` but i will pause briefly so that i may catch up on your news . 
 i have not heard from you since you sent word the baby had arrived and both he and his lovely mother were thriving . '' 
 will looked surprised . 
 `` but we sent you several letters in care of the morgensterns , who were going to visit the whitelaws at the new york institute . 
 it was you who proved to be a shocking correspondent . '' 
 `` ah , '' said magnus . 
 he himself was not even slightly surprised . 
 this was typical behavior from shadowhunters . 
 `` the morgensterns must have forgotten to deliver them . 
 how careless . '' 
 tessa , he saw , did not look too surprised either . 
 she was both warlock and shadowhunter , and yet not quite either . 
 the shadowhunters believed that shadowhunter blood trumped all else , but magnus could well believe that many of the nephilim might be unkind to a woman who could do magic and whom the years did not touch . 
 he doubted any of them dared be unkind in front of will , though . 
 `` we will be more careful about whom we entrust with our letters in future , '' tessa said decisively . 
 `` we have been out of touch for far too long . 
 how fortunate that you are here in london , both for us and for jamie . 
 what brings you here , business or pleasure ? '' 
 `` i wish it were the business of pleasure , '' magnus told her . 
 `` but no , it is very dull . 
 a shadowhunter i believe you know sent for me-tatiana blackthorn ? 
 the lady used to be a lightwood , did she not ? '' 
 magnus turned to will . 
 `` and your sister cecily married her brother . 
 gilbert . 
 gaston . 
 i have a shocking memory for lightwoods . '' 
 `` i begged cecily not to throw herself away on a lightworm , '' will muttered . 
 `` will ! '' 
 said tessa . 
 `` cecily and gabriel are very happy together . '' 
 will threw himself dramatically into an armchair , touching his son 's wrist as he passed by , with a light , careful caress that spoke volumes . 
 `` at least you must admit , tess , that tatiana is as mad as a mouse trapped in a teapot . 
 she refuses to speak to any of us , and that includes her brothers , because she says we had a hand in her father 's death . 
 actually , she says we pitilessly slew him . 
 everybody tries to point out that at the time of the pitiless slaying her father was a giant worm who had eaten her husband and followed up his meal with a palate-cleansing servant sorbet , but she insists on lurking about the manor house and sulking with all the curtains drawn . '' 
 `` she has lost a great deal . 
 she lost her child , '' tessa said . 
 she stroked back her son 's hair , her face troubled . 
 will looked to james and fell silent . 
 `` mrs. blackthorn has come from idris to her family manor in england specifically so i might visit her , and she sent me a message through the usual downworlder channels promising me a princely sum if i would come and cast a few spells to increase the attractions of her young ward , '' magnus said , attempting to strike a lighter note . 
 `` i gather she wishes to marry her off . '' 
 tatiana would not be the first shadowhunter to seek a warlock 's spells to make her life easier and more pleasant . 
 she was , however , the shadowhunter offering the best price . 
 `` did she ? '' 
 will asked . 
 `` the poor girl must look like a toad in a bonnet . '' 
 chapter five tessa laughed and stifled the laugh against her hand , and will grinned , looking pleased with himself , as he always had when he 'd managed to amuse tessa . 
 `` i suppose i should not be casting aspersions on anybody else 's children , since my son is all about in his wits . 
 he shoots things , you know . 
 he made quite a scene at the ascot derby day when he spotted an unfortunate woman wearing a hat he thought had too much wax fruit on it . '' 
 `` i did know that he shoots things , '' magnus said tactfully . 
 `` yes . '' 
 will sighed . 
 `` the angel grant me patience so i do not strangle him , and wisdom so i can talk some sense into his great fat head . '' 
 `` i do wonder where he gets it from , '' said magnus pointedly . 
 `` it is not the same , '' said tessa . 
 `` when will was jamie 's age , he tried to drive everyone he loved away . 
 jamie is as loving as ever to us , to lucie , to his parabatai . 
 it is himself he wishes to destroy . '' 
 `` and yet there is no reason for it , '' will said , striking the arm of his chair with his clenched fist . 
 `` i know my son , and he would not behave this way unless he felt he had no other choice . 
 unless he was trying to achieve a goal , or punish himself in some way , because he felt he had done some wrong - '' you called for me ? 
 i am here . 
 magnus looked up to see brother zachariah standing in the doorway . 
 he was a slender outline , the hood of his robe down , baring his face . 
 the silent brothers rarely bared their faces , knowing how most shadowhunters reacted to the scars and disfigurement of their skin . 
 it was a sign of trust that jem showed himself to will and tessa in this way . 
 jem was still jem-like tessa , he had not aged . 
 the silent brothers were not immortal but aged incredibly slowly . 
 the powerful runes that gave them knowledge and allowed them to speak with their minds also slowed their bodies ' aging , turning the brothers to living statues . 
 jem 's hands were pale and slender under the cuffs of his robe , still musician 's hands after all this time . 
 his face seemed carved out of marble , his eyes shuttered crescents , the dark runes of the brothers standing out on his high cheekbones . 
 his hair waved around his temples , darkness shot with silver . 
 a great sadness welled up in magnus at the sight of him . 
 it was human to age and die , and jem stood outside that humanity now , outside the light that burned so brightly and so briefly . 
 it was cold outside that light and fire . 
 no one had greater cause to know that cold than magnus did . 
 on seeing magnus , jem inclined his head . 
 magnus bane . 
 i did not know you would be here . 
 `` i - '' magnus began , but will was already on his feet , striding across the room to jem . 
 he had lit up at the sight of him , and magnus could feel jem 's attention move from himself to will , and catch there . 
 those two boys had been so different , yet at times they had seemed so wholly one that it was strange for magnus to see will changed as all humans changed , while jem was set apart , to see that both had gone somewhere the other could not follow . 
 he imagined it must be even stranger for them . 
 and yet . 
 there was still about them what had always reminded magnus of an old legend he 'd heard of the red thread of fate : that an invisible scarlet thread bound certain people , and however tangled it became , it could not and would not break . 
 the silent brothers moved the way one imagined a statue would move if it could . 
 jem had moved the same way coming in , but as will neared him , jem took a step toward his former parabatai , and the step was swift , eager , and human , as if being close to the people whom he loved made him feel made of flesh and racing blood once more . 
 `` you 're here , '' said will , and implicit in the words was the sense that will 's contentment was complete . 
 now jem was there , all was right with the world . 
 `` i knew you would come , '' said tessa , rising from her son 's side to go after her husband , toward jem . 
 magnus saw brother zachariah 's face glow at the sound of her voice , runes and pallor no longer mattering . 
 he was a boy again for an instant , his life just beginning , his heart full of hope and love . 
 how they loved each another , these three , how they had suffered for each another , and yet how much joy they clearly took from simply being in the same room . 
 magnus had loved before , many times , but he did not ever recall feeling the peace that radiated out from these three only from being in the others ' presence . 
 he had craved peace sometimes , like a man wandering for centuries in the desert never seeing water and having to live with the want of it . 
 tessa , will , and their lost jem stood together in a tight knot . 
 magnus knew that for a few moments nothing existed in the world but the three of them . 
 he looked at the sofa where james herondale lay , and saw that he was awake , his gold eyes like watchful flames teaching the candles to burn brightly . 
 james was the young one , the boy with his whole life ahead of him , but there was no hope or joy in his face . 
 tessa , will , and jem looked natural being together , but even in this room with those who loved him better than life , james looked utterly alone . 
 there was something desperate and desolate about his face . 
 he tried to lean up on one elbow , and collapsed back against the cushions of the sofa , his black head tipped back as if it were too heavy for him to bear . 
 tessa , will , and jem were murmuring together , will 's hand on jem 's arm . 
 magnus had never seen anyone touch a silent brother like that , in simple friendship . 
 it made him ache inside , and he saw that hollow ache reflected on the face of the boy on the sofa . 
 obeying an impetuous impulse , magnus crossed the room and knelt down by the couch , close to will 's son , who looked at him with tired golden eyes . 
 `` you see them , '' james said . 
 `` the way they all love one another . 
 i used to think everyone loved that way . 
 the way it is in fairy tales . 
 i used to think that love was giving and generous and good . '' 
 `` and now ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 the boy turned his face away . 
 magnus found himself facing the back of james 's head , seeing his mop of black hair so like his father 's , and the edge of his parabatai rune just under his collar . 
 it must be on his back , magnus thought , above the blade of his shoulder , where an angel 's wing would be . 
 `` james , '' said magnus in a low , hurried voice . 
 `` once your father had a terrible secret that he thought he could not tell to a soul in the world , and he told me . 
 i can see that there is something gnawing at you , something you are keeping hidden . 
 if there is anything you want to tell me , now or at any time , you have my word that i will keep your secrets , and that i will help you if i can . '' 
 james shifted to look at magnus . 
 in his face magnus thought he caught a glimpse of softening , as if the boy were releasing his relentless grip on whatever was tormenting him . 
 `` i am not like my father , '' he said . 
 `` do not mistake my despair for nobility in disguise , for it is not that . 
 i suffer for myself , not for anyone else . '' 
 `` but why do you suffer ? '' 
 magnus said in frustration . 
 `` your mother was correct when she said you have been loved all your life . 
 if you would just let me help you - '' the boy 's expression shut like a door . 
 he turned his face away from magnus again , and his eyes closed , the light falling on the fringe of his eyelashes . 
 `` i gave my word i would never tell , '' he said . 
 `` and there is not a living soul on this earth who can help me . '' 
 `` james , '' magnus said , honestly surprised by the despair in the boy 's tone , and the alarm in magnus 's voice caught the attention of the others in the room . 
 tessa and will looked away from jem and to their son , the boy who bore jem 's name , and as one they all moved over to where he lay , will and tessa hand in hand . 
 brother zachariah bent over the back of the sofa and touched james 's hair tenderly with those musician 's fingers . 
 `` hello , uncle brother zachariah , '' james said without opening his eyes . 
 `` i would say that i 'm sorry to bother you , but i 'm sure this is the most excitement you 've had all year . 
 not so lively in the city of bones , now is it ? '' 
 `` james ! '' 
 will snapped . 
 `` do n't talk to jem like that . '' 
 as if i am not used to badly behaved herondales , brother zachariah said , in the way jem had always tried to make peace between will and the world . 
 chapter six `` i suppose the difference is that father always cared what you thought about him , '' said james . 
 `` and i do n't . 
 but do n't take it personally , uncle jem . 
 i do not care what anybody thinks . '' 
 and yet he made a habit of making an exhibition of himself , as will had put it , and magnus had no doubt it was deliberate . 
 he must care what someone thought . 
 he must be doing all this for a purpose . 
 but what purpose could it be ? 
 magnus wondered . 
 `` james , this is so unlike you , '' tessa said worriedly . 
 `` you have always cared . 
 always been kind . 
 what is troubling you ? '' 
 `` perhaps nothing is troubling me . 
 perhaps i have simply realized i was rather boring before . 
 do n't you think i was boring ? 
 all that studying , and the latin . '' 
 he shuddered . 
 `` horrible . '' 
 there is nothing boring about caring , or about an open , loving heart , said jem . 
 `` so say all of you , '' replied james . 
 `` and it is easy to see why , the three of you , falling over yourself to love one another-each more than the other . 
 and it is kind of you to trouble yourselves about me . '' 
 his breath caught a little , and then he smiled , but it was a smile of great sadness . 
 `` i wish i did not trouble you so . '' 
 tessa and will exchanged looks of despair . 
 the room was thick with worry and parental concerns . 
 magnus was beginning to feel bowed under by the weight of humanity . 
 `` well , '' he announced . 
 `` as educational and occasionally damp as this evening has been , i do not wish to intrude on a family reunion , and i really do not wish to experience any family drama , as i find with shadowhunters that it tends to be extensive . 
 i must be on my way . '' 
 `` but you could stay here , '' tessa offered . 
 `` be our guest . 
 we would be delighted to have you . '' 
 `` a warlock in the hallowed chambers of a shadowhunter institute ? '' 
 magnus shuddered . 
 `` only think . '' 
 tessa gave him a sharp look . 
 `` magnus - '' `` besides , i have an appointment , '' magnus said . 
 `` one i should not be late for . '' 
 will looked up with a frown . 
 `` at this time of night ? '' 
 `` i have a peculiar occupation , and keep peculiar hours , '' said magnus . 
 `` i seem to recall you coming to me for assistance quite a few times at odd hours of the night . '' 
 he inclined his head . 
 `` will . 
 tessa . 
 jem . 
 good evening . '' 
 tessa moved to his side . 
 `` i will show you out . '' 
 `` good-bye , whoever you are , '' said james sleepily , closing his eyes . 
 `` i can not recall your name . '' 
 `` do n't mind him , '' tessa said in a low voice as she moved with magnus toward the exit . 
 she paused in the doorway for a moment , looking back at her son and the two men who stood with him . 
 will and jem were shoulder to shoulder , and from across the room it was impossible to miss jem 's slighter frame , the fact that he had not aged , as will had . 
 though , there was in will 's voice all the eagerness of a boy when he said , in answer to a question magnus did not hear , `` why , yes , of course you can play it before you go . 
 it is in the music room as always , kept ever the same for you . '' 
 `` his violin ? '' 
 magnus murmured . 
 `` i did not think the silent brothers cared for music . '' 
 tessa sighed softly and moved out into the corridor , magnus beside her . 
 `` will does not see a silent brother when he looks at james , '' she said . 
 `` he sees only jem . '' 
 `` is it ever difficult ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` is what difficult ? '' 
 `` sharing your husband 's heart so entirely with someone else , '' he said . 
 `` if it were different , it would not be will 's heart , '' tessa said . 
 `` he knows he shares my heart with jem as well . 
 i would have it no other way-and he would have it no other way with me . '' 
 so much a part of one another that there was no way to be untangled , even now , and no wish to be so . 
 magnus wanted to ask if tessa was ever afraid of what would happen to her when will was gone , when their bond was finally severed , but he did not . 
 it would with luck be a long time until tessa 's first death , a long time before she entirely realized the burden of being immortal and yet loving that which was not . 
 `` very beautiful , '' magnus said instead . 
 `` well , i wish you all the best with your little hellion . '' 
 `` we shall see you again before you leave london , of course , '' said tessa in that tone of hers she had had even as a girl , that brooked no contradiction . 
 `` indeed , '' magnus said . 
 he hesitated . 
 `` and , tessa , if you ever need me-and i hope if you do , it will be many long , happy years from now-send me a message , and i will be with you at once . '' 
 they both knew what he meant . 
 `` i will , '' said tessa , and she gave him her hand . 
 hers was small and soft , but her grip was surprisingly strong . 
 `` believe me , dear lady , '' magnus told her with an assumption of lightness . 
 he released her hand and bowed with a flourish . 
 `` call me and i come ! '' 
 as magnus turned to walk away from the church , he heard the sound of violin music carried to him on the cloudy london air , and remembered another night , a night of ghosts and snow and christmas music , and will standing on the steps of the institute , watching magnus as he went . 
 now it was tessa who stood at the door with her hand lifted in farewell until magnus was at the gate with its ominous lettered message : we are dust and shadows . 
 he looked back and saw her slight pale figure at the institute threshold and thought again , yes , perhaps i was wrong to leave london . 
 it was not the first time magnus had made his way from london to chiswick to visit lightwood house . 
 benedict lightwood 's home had often been thrown open to downworlders who 'd been amenable to his idea of a good time . 
 it had been a grand manor once , the stone brilliant white and adorned with greek statuary and too many pillars to count . 
 the lightwoods were proud and ostentatious people , and their home , in all its neoclassical glory , had reflected that . 
 magnus knew what had become of all that pride . 
 the patriarch , benedict lightwood , had contracted a disease from consorting with demons and had transformed into a murderous monster that his own sons had been forced to slay , with the assistance of a host of other shadowhunters . 
 their manor had been taken away by the clave as punishment , their monies confiscated , and their family had become a laughingstock , a byword for sin and a betrayal of all that the shadowhunters held dear . 
 magnus had little time for the shadowhunters ' overweening arrogance , and usually enjoyed seeing them taken down a peg , but even he had rarely seen a family fall so far so terribly fast . 
 gabriel and gideon , benedict 's two sons , had managed to claw their way back to respectability through good behavior and the graces of the consul , charlotte branwell . 
 their sister , however , was another matter entirely . 
 chapter seven how she had managed to get lightwood house back into her clutches , magnus did not know . 
 as mad as a mouse trapped in a teapot , will had said of her , and knowing of the family 's disgraced state , magnus hardly expected the grandeur of benedict 's time . 
 doubtless the place would be shabby now , dusty with time , only a few servants left to keep it up and in order - the carriage magnus had hired came to a stop . 
 `` the place looks abandoned , '' opined the driver , casting a doubtful eye over at the iron gates , which looked rusted shut and bound with vines . 
 `` or haunted , '' magnus suggested brightly . 
 `` well , i ca n't get in . 
 them gates wo n't open , '' said the driver gruffly . 
 `` you 'll have to get out and walk , if you 're that determined . '' 
 magnus was . 
 his curiosity was alight now , and he approached the gates like a cat , ready to scale them if need be . 
 a tweak of magic , a bit of an opening spell , and the gates burst wide with a shower of rusted metal flakes , onto a long , dark overgrown drive that led up to a ghostly manor house in the distance , glimmering like a tombstone under the full moon . 
 magnus closed the gates and went forward , listening to the sound of night birds in the trees overhead , the rustle of leaves in the night wind . 
 a forest of blackened tangles loomed all about him , the remains of the famous lightwood gardens . 
 those gardens had been lovely once . 
 magnus distantly recalled overhearing benedict lightwood drunkenly saying that they had been his dead wife 's joy . 
 now the high hedges of the italian garden had formed a maze , a twisted one from which there was clearly no escape . 
 they had killed the monster benedict lightwood had become in these gardens , magnus remembered hearing , and the black ichor had seeped from the monster 's veins into the earth in a dark unstoppable flood . 
 magnus felt a scratch against one hand and looked down to see a rosebush that had survived but gone wild . 
 it took him a moment to identify the plant , for though the shape of the blooms was familiar , the color was not . 
 the roses were as black as the blood of the dead serpent . 
 he plucked one . 
 the flower crumbled in his palm as if it were made of ash , as if it had already been dead . 
 magnus passed on toward the house . 
 the corruption that had claimed the roses had not spared the manor . 
 what had once been a smooth white facade was now gray with years , streaked with the black of dirt and the green of rot . 
 the shining pillars were twined about with dying vines , and the balconies , which magnus remembered as like the hollows of alabaster goblets , were now filled with the dark snarls of thorns and the debris of years . 
 the door knocker had been an image of a shining golden lion with a ring held in its mouth . 
 now the ring lay rotted on the steps , and the gray lion 's mouth hung open and empty in a hungry snarl . 
 magnus knocked briskly on the door . 
 he heard the sound echo through the inside of the house as if all were the heavy silence of a tomb therein and ever would be , as if any noise was a disturbance . 
 the conviction that everyone in this house must be dead had gained such a hold on magnus that it was a shock when the woman who had summoned him here opened the door . 
 it was , of course , rather odd for a lady to be opening her own front door , but from the look of the place , magnus assumed the entire staff of servants had been given the decade off . 
 magnus had a dim recollection of seeing tatiana lightwood at one of her father 's parties : a glimpse of a perfectly ordinary girl with wide green eyes , behind a hastily closing door . 
 even after seeing the house and the grounds , he was not prepared for tatiana blackthorn . 
 her eyes were still very green . 
 her stern mouth was bracketed with lines of bitter disappointment and grave pain . 
 she looked like a woman in her sixties , not her forties . 
 she was wearing a gown of a fashion decades past-it hung from her wasted shoulders and fluttered around her body like a shroud . 
 the fabric bore dark brown stains , but in patches it was a faded pastel bordering on white , while other spots remained what magnus thought must have been its original fuchsia . 
 she should have looked ridiculous . 
 she was wearing a silly bright pink dress for a younger woman , someone who was almost a girl , in love with her husband and going on a visit to her papa . 
 she did not look ridiculous . 
 her stern face forbade pity . 
 she , like the house , was awe-inspiring in her ruin . 
 `` bane , '' tatiana said , and held the door open wide enough that magnus could pass through . 
 she said no word of welcome . 
 she shut the door behind magnus , the sound as final as the closing of a tomb . 
 magnus paused in the hall , waiting for the woman behind him , and as he waited , he heard another footstep above their heads , a sign there was someone else alive in the house . 
 down the wide curving staircase toward them came a girl . 
 magnus had always found mortals to be beautiful , and had seen many mortals whom anybody would have described as beautiful . 
 this was extraordinary beauty , beauty unlike the beauty of most mortals . 
 in the stained and filthy ruin the house had become , she shone like a pearl . 
 her hair was the color of a pearl too , palest ivory with a sheen of gold on it , and her skin was the luminous pink and white of a seashell . 
 her lashes were thick and dark , veiling eyes of deep unearthly gray . 
 magnus drew in a breath . 
 tatiana heard him and looked over , smiling a triumphant smile . 
 `` she 's glorious , is n't she ? 
 my ward . 
 my grace . '' 
 grace . 
 the realization struck magnus like a blow . 
 of course james herondale had not been calling out for something as inchoate and distant as a benediction , the soul 's yearning for divine mercy and understanding . 
 his desperation had been centered on something far more flesh-and-blood than that . 
 but why is it a secret ? 
 why can no one help him ? 
 magnus struggled to keep his face a blank as the girl moved toward him and offered her hand . 
 `` how do you do , '' she murmured . 
 magnus stared down at her . 
 her face was a porcelain cup , upturned ; her eyes held promises . 
 the combination of beauty , innocence and the promise of sin was staggering . 
 `` magnus bane , '' she said , in a breathy , soft voice . 
 magnus could n't help staring at her . 
 everything about her was so perfectly constructed to appeal . 
 she was beautiful , yes , but it was more than that . 
 she seemed shy , yet all her attention was focused on magnus , as if he were the most fascinating thing she had ever seen . 
 there was no man who did not want to see himself reflected like that in a beautiful girl 's eyes . 
 and if the neckline of her dress was a shade low , it did not seem scandalous , for her gray eyes were full of an innocence that said that she did not know of desire , not yet , but there was a lushness to the curve of her lip , a dark light in her eyes that said that under the right hands she would be a pupil who yielded the most exquisite result ... . 
 magnus took a step back from her as if she were a poisonous snake . 
 she did not look hurt , or angry , or even startled . 
 she turned a look on tatiana , a sort of curious inquiry . 
 `` mama ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` what is wrong ? '' 
 tatiana curled her lip . 
 `` this one is not like others , '' she said . 
 `` i mean , he likes girls well enough , and boys as well , i hear , but his taste does not run to shadowhunters . 
 and he is not mortal . 
 he has been alive a long time . 
 one can not expect him to have the normal-reactions . '' 
 magnus could well imagine what the normal reactions would be-the reactions of a boy like james herondale , sheltered and taught that love was gentle , love was kind , that one should love with all one 's heart and give away all one 's soul . 
 magnus could imagine the normal reactions to this girl , a girl whose every gesture , every expression , every line , cried , love her , love her , love her . 
 but magnus was not that boy . 
 he reminded himself of his manners , and bowed . 
 `` charmed , '' he said . 
 `` or whatever effect would please you best , i 'm sure . '' 
 grace regarded him with cool interest . 
 her reactions were muted , magnus thought , or rather , carefully gauged . 
 she seemed a creature made to attract everyone and express nothing real , though it would take a master observer , like magnus , to know it . 
 she reminded magnus suddenly not of any mortal but of the vampire camille , who had been his latest and most regrettable real love . 
 magnus had spent years imagining there was fire behind camille 's ice , that there were hopes and dreams and love waiting for him . 
 what he had loved in camille had been nothing but illusion . 
 magnus had acted like a child , fancying there were shapes and stories to be made of the clouds in the sky . 
 chapter eight he turned away from the sight of grace in her trim white-and-blue dress , like a vision of heaven in the gray hell of this house , and looked to tatiana . 
 her eyes were narrowed with contempt . 
 `` come , warlock , '' she said . 
 `` i believe we have business to discuss . '' 
 magnus followed tatiana and grace up the stairs and down a long corridor that was almost pitch black . 
 magnus heard the crack and crunch of broken glass beneath his feet , and in the dim , hardly-there light he saw something scuttling away from his approach . 
 he hoped it was something as harmless as a rat , but something about its movements suggested a shape far more grotesque . 
 `` do not try to open any doors or drawers while you are here , bane . '' 
 tatiana 's voice floated back to him . 
 `` my father left behind many guardians to protect what is ours . '' 
 she opened the door , and magnus beheld the room within . 
 there were an upturned desk and heavy curtains sagging in the windows like bodies from a gibbet , and on the wooden floor were splinters and streaks of blood , the marks of a long-ago struggle nobody had cleaned up . 
 there were many picture frames hanging askew or with the glass broken . 
 a great many of them seemed to contain nautical adventures-magnus had been put off the sea by his ill-fated attempt to live a piratical life for a day-but even the pictures that were whole were clouded with gray . 
 the painted ships appeared to be sinking in seas of dust . 
 there was only one portrait that was whole and clean . 
 it was an oil painting , with no glass covering it , but there was not a speck of dust on its surface . 
 it was the only clean thing , besides grace , in the entire house . 
 the portrait was of a boy , about seventeen years old . 
 he was sitting in a chair , his head resting against the back as if he did not have the strength to support it on his own . 
 he was terribly thin and as white as salt . 
 his eyes were a deep , still green , like a woodland pool hidden under the overhanging leaves of a tree , never exposed to sun or wind . 
 he had dark hair falling , as fine-spun and straight as silk , across his brow , and his long fingers were curled over the arms of the chair , almost clinging to it , and the desperate clutch of those hands told a silent story of pain . 
 magnus had seen portraits like this before , the last images of the lost . 
 he could tell even across the years how much effort it had cost the boy to sit for that portrait , for the comfort of loved ones who would live after he was gone . 
 his pallid face had the distant look of one who had already taken too many steps along the path to death for him to be recalled . 
 magnus thought of james herondale , burning up with too much light , too much love , too much , too much-while the boy in the portrait was as lovely as a dying poet , with the fragile beauty of a candle about to gutter out . 
 on the ragged wallpaper that might once have been green and that had mutated to a grayish-green color , like a sea flooded with waste , were words written in the same dark brown as the stains on tatiana 's dress . 
 magnus had to admit to himself what that color was : blood that had been spilled years since and yet never washed clean . 
 the wallpaper was hanging off the walls in tatters . 
 magnus could make out only a word here and there on the remaining pieces : pity , regret , infernal . 
 the last sentence in the series was still legible . 
 it read , may god have mercy on our souls . 
 beneath this , written not in blood but cut through the wallpaper into the wall by what magnus suspected was a different hand , were the words , god has no mercy and nor will i. tatiana sank into an armchair , its upholstery worn and stained by the years , and grace knelt at her adoptive mother 's side on the grimy floor . 
 she knelt daintily , delicately , her skirts billowing around her like the petals of a flower . 
 magnus supposed that it must have been a habit with her to come to rest in filth , and rise from it to all outward appearance radiantly pure . 
 `` to business , then , madam , '' said magnus , and he added silently to himself , to leaving this house as soon as possible . 
 `` tell me exactly why you have need of my fabulous and unsurpassed powers , and what you would have me do . '' 
 `` you can already see , i trust , '' said tatiana , `` that my grace is in no need of spells to enhance her natural charms . '' 
 magnus looked at grace , who was gazing at her hands linked in her lap . 
 perhaps she was already using spells . 
 perhaps she was simply beautiful . 
 magic or nature , they were much the same thing to magnus . 
 `` i 'm sure she is already an enchantress in her own right . '' 
 grace said nothing , only glanced up at him from under her lashes . 
 it was a demurely devastating look . 
 `` i want something else from you , warlock . 
 i want you , '' tatiana said , slowly and distinctly , `` to go out into the world and kill me five shadowhunters . 
 i will tell you how it is to be done , and i will pay you most handsomely . '' 
 magnus was so astonished , he honestly believed he must have heard her incorrectly . 
 `` shadowhunters ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 `` kill ? '' 
 `` is my request so very strange ? 
 i have no love for the shadowhunters . '' 
 `` but , my dear madam , you are a shadowhunter . '' 
 tatiana blackthorn folded her hands in her lap . 
 `` i am no such thing . '' 
 magnus stared at her for a long moment . 
 `` ah , '' he said . 
 `` i beg your pardon . 
 uh , would it be terribly uncivil of me to inquire what you do believe yourself to be ? 
 do you think that you are a lamp shade ? '' 
 `` i do not find your levity amusing . '' 
 magnus 's tone was hushed as he said , `` i beg your pardon again . 
 do you believe yourself to be a pianoforte ? '' 
 `` hold your tongue , warlock , and do not talk of matters about which you know nothing . '' 
 tatiana 's hands were clenched suddenly , curled as tight as claws in the skirt of her once-bright dress . 
 the note of real agony in her voice was enough to silence magnus , but she continued . 
 `` a shadowhunter is a warrior . 
 a shadowhunter is born and trained to be a hand of god upon this earth , wiping it free of evil . 
 that is what our legends say . 
 that is what my father taught me , but my father taught me other things too . 
 he decreed that i would not be trained as a shadowhunter . 
 he told me that was not my place , that my place in life was to be the dutiful daughter of a warrior , and in time the helpmeet of a noble warrior and the mother of warriors who would carry on the glory of the shadowhunters for another generation . '' 
 tatiana made a sweeping gesture to the words on the walls , the stains on the floor . 
 `` such glory , '' she said , and laughed bitterly . 
 `` my father and my family were disgraced , and my husband was torn apart in front of my eyes-torn apart . 
 i had one child , my beautiful boy , my jesse , but he could not be trained to be a warrior . 
 he was always so weak , so sickly . 
 i begged them not to put the runes on him-i was certain that would kill him-but the shadowhunters held me back and held him down as they burned the marks into his flesh . 
 he screamed and screamed . 
 we all thought he would die then , but he did not . 
 he held on for me , for his mama , but their cruelty damned him . 
 each year he grew sicker and weaker until it was too late . 
 he was sixteen when they told me he could not live . '' 
 her hands moved restlessly as she spoke , from her gesture at the walls to plucking at her gown dyed with old , old blood . 
 she touched her arms as if they still hurt where she had been held back by the shadowhunters , and she toyed with a large ornate locket that hung around her neck . 
 she opened and closed it , the tarnished metal gleaming between her fingers , and magnus thought he saw a glimpse of a ghastly portrait . 
 her son again ? 
 he looked toward the picture on the wall , the pale young face , and calculated how old a child of rupert blackthorn 's must have been when the man had died twenty-five years before . 
 if jesse blackthorn had died when he was sixteen then the boy must have been dead for nine years , but perhaps a mother 's mourning never ended . 
 `` i am aware that you have suffered greatly , mrs. blackthorn , '' said magnus , as gently as he was able . 
 `` but instead of some plot of vengeance through the senseless slaughter of shadowhunters , consider that there are many shadowhunters who desire nothing more than to help you , and to ease your pain . '' 
 `` indeed ? 
 of whom do you speak ? 
 william herondale '' - and in tatiana 's mouth hatred dripped from every syllable of will 's name - `` sneered at me because all i did was scream as my beloved died , but tell me , what else could i have done ? 
 what else had i ever been taught to do ? '' 
 tatiana 's eyes were huge and poison-green , eyes with enough pain in them to eat away at a world and devour a soul . 
 `` can you tell me , warlock ? 
 could william herondale tell me ? 
 can anyone tell me what i should have done , when i did everything i was ever asked to do ? 
 my husband is dead , my father is dead , my brothers are lost , my home was stolen , and the nephilim had no power to save my son . 
 i was everything i was ever asked to be , and as my reward my life was burned to ash . 
 do not speak to me of easing my pain . 
 my pain is all that i have left . 
 do not speak to me of being a shadowhunter . 
 i am not one of them . 
 i refuse to be . '' 
 `` very well , madam . 
 you have made your anti-shadowhunter position amply clear , '' said magnus . 
 `` what i do not know is why you think i will help you get what you want . '' 
 magnus was many things , but he had never been a fool . 
 the death of a few shadowhunters was not an aim in itself . 
 if that were all she wanted , she would not have needed to go to magnus . 
 the only reason she could have to go to a warlock was if she wanted to use those deaths , to alchemize shadowhunter lives into magic for a spell . 
 it would be the darkest of dark spells , and the fact that tatiana knew of it told magnus this was not the first time she had turned to dark magic . 
 what tatiana blackthorn , whose pain had eaten away at her like a wolf inside her breast , wanted from dark magic , magnus did not know . 
 he did not want to know what she had done with power in the past , and he certainly did not want her to have power that could be cataclysmic now . 
 tatiana frowned a little puzzled frown that made her look like benedict lightwood 's spoiled and cosseted daughter again . 
 `` for money , of course . '' 
 chapter nine `` you imagine i would kill five people , and leave untold power in your hands , '' said magnus , `` for money ? '' 
 tatiana waved a hand . 
 `` oh , do n't try to drive the price up by aping your betters and pretending that you have any morals or tender feelings , demon spawn . 
 name a higher sum and be done with it . 
 the hours of the night are precious to me , and i wish to waste no further time on one such as you . '' 
 it was the casualness with which she spoke that was so chilling . 
 mad though tatiana might have been , here she was not raving or bitter . 
 she was simply working from the facts as shadowhunters knew them : that a downworlder must be so entirely corrupt that she did not even dream he had a heart . 
 of course , of course , the vast majority of the shadowhunters thought of him as something less than human , and as far below the children of the angel as apes were below men . 
 he might sometimes be useful , but he was a creature to be despised , used but then discarded , his touch avoided because it was unclean . 
 he had been very useful to will herondale , after all . 
 will had not come to him searching for a friend but a convenient source of magic . 
 even the best shadowhunters were not so different from the rest . 
 `` let me say to you what i said once , in an entirely different context , to catherine the great , '' magnus declared . 
 `` my dear lady , you can not afford me , and also , please leave that horse alone . 
 good night . '' 
 he made a bow and then made his way , with some speed , out of the room . 
 as the door shut with a snap , he heard tatiana 's voice snapping to match it : `` go after him ! '' 
 he was not surprised to hear soft footsteps pattering after him down the stairs . 
 magnus turned from the front door and met grace 's eyes . 
 her footfalls were as light as a child 's , but she did not look like a child . 
 in that porcelain-pure face her eyes were gray hollows , deep alluring lakes with sirens in their depths . 
 she met magnus 's eyes with a level gaze , and magnus was reminded once again of camille . 
 it was remarkable that a girl who looked no more than sixteen could rival a centuries-old vampire for self-possession . 
 she had not had time to freeze past caring . 
 there must , magnus thought , be something behind all this ice . 
 `` you will not return upstairs , i see , '' grace said . 
 `` you want no part of mama 's plan . '' 
 it was not a question , and she did not sound shocked or curious . 
 it did not seem unthinkable to her , then , that magnus might have scruples . 
 perhaps the girl had qualms of conscience herself , but she was shut up here in this dark house with a madwoman , nothing but bitterness poured into her ears from dusk to daybreak . 
 little wonder if she was different from other girls . 
 magnus felt regret suddenly for the way he had shuddered back from grace . 
 she was not much more than a child , after all , and nobody knew better than he what it was like to be judged and shunned . 
 he reached out to touch her arm . 
 `` do you have somewhere else to go ? '' 
 magnus asked her . 
 `` somewhere else ? '' 
 said grace . 
 `` we reside mainly in idris . '' 
 `` what i mean is , would she let you leave ? 
 do you need help ? '' 
 grace moved with such speed that it was as if she were a bolt of lightning wrapped in muslin , the long gleaming blade flying from her skirts to her hand . 
 she held the glittering point against magnus 's chest , over his heart . 
 here was a shadowhunter , magnus thought . 
 tatiana had learned something from the mistakes of her father . 
 she 'd had the girl trained . 
 `` i am no prisoner here . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 `` then what are you ? '' 
 grace 's awful , awe-inspiring eyes narrowed . 
 they were glittering like the steel , and were , magnus was sure , no less deadly . 
 `` i am my mother 's blade . '' 
 shadowhunters often died young , and left children behind to be raised by others . 
 that was nothing unusual . 
 it was natural that such a ward , taken into a shadowhunter 's home , would think of and speak to their guardian as a parent . 
 magnus had thought nothing of it . 
 yet now it occurred to him that a child might be so grateful to be taken in that her loyalty would be fierce , that a girl raised by tatiana blackthorn might not wish for rescue . 
 she might wish for nothing more than the fulfillment of her mother 's dark plans . 
 `` are you threatening me ? '' 
 magnus said softly . 
 `` if you do not intend to help us , '' she said , `` then leave this house . 
 dawn is coming . '' 
 `` i am not a vampire , '' magnus said . 
 `` i shall not disappear with the light . '' 
 `` you will if i kill you before the sun comes up , '' said grace . 
 `` who would miss one warlock ? '' 
 and she smiled , a wild smile that reminded him again of camille . 
 that potent blend of beauty and cruelty . 
 he had fallen victim to it himself . 
 he could only imagine again , with growing horror , what the effect would have been on james herondale , a gentle boy who had been reared to believe that love , too , was gentle . 
 james had given his heart to this girl , magnus thought , and magnus knew well enough from edmund and will what it meant when a herondale gave his heart away . 
 it was not a gift that could be returned . 
 tessa , will , and jem had raised james in love , and had surrounded him with love and the goodness it could produce . 
 but they had given him no armor against the evil . 
 they had wrapped his heart in silks and velvet , and then he had given it to grace blackthorn , and she had spun for it a cage of razor wire and broken glass , burned it to bits , and blown away the remains , another layer of ashes in this place of beautiful horrors . 
 magnus waved a hand behind his back , then stepped away from grace 's blade , away through the magically open door . 
 `` you will tell no one of what my mother asked of you tonight , '' said grace . 
 `` or i will ensure your destruction . '' 
 `` i believe you think you could , '' magnus breathed . 
 she was terrible and brilliant , like the light shining off the edge of a razor . 
 `` oh , and by the way ? 
 i suspect that if james herondale had known i was coming here , he would have sent his regards . '' 
 grace lowered her sword , nothing more . 
 its point rested gently on the ground . 
 her hand did not shake , and her lashes screened her eyes . 
 `` what do i care for james herondale ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i thought you might . 
 after all , a blade does not get to choose where it is pointed . '' 
 grace looked up . 
 her eyes were still , deep pools , entirely unruffled . 
 `` a blade does not care , '' she told him . 
 magnus turned and made his way past tangles of black roses and undergrowth down toward the rusted gates . 
 he looked back at the manor only once , saw the wreck of what had been grand and gracious , and saw a curtain fluttering in a window high above , and the suggestion of a face . 
 he wondered who was watching him go . 
 he could warn downworlders to steer clear of tatiana and her endeavors . 
 no matter what the price offered , no downworlder would fail to listen to a warning against one of the nephilim . 
 tatiana would raise no dark magic . 
 magnus could do that much , but he did not see a way to help james herondale . 
 grace and tatiana might have cast a spell on him , magnus supposed . 
 he would not put it past either of them , but he could not see why they would . 
 what possible role could james herondale have to play in whatever dark plot they were hatching ? 
 more likely the boy had simply fallen prey to her charms . 
 love was love ; there was no spell to cure a broken heart that did not also destroy that heart 's capacity for love forever . 
 and there was no reason for magnus to tell will and tessa what he had learned . 
 james 's feelings for grace were his secret to keep . 
 magnus had told the boy he would never betray his secrets ; he had sworn it . 
 he had never betrayed will 's confidence , and he would not betray james 's now . 
 what good would it do will and tessa , to know the name of their son 's pain and still have no remedy for it ? 
 he thought once more of camille , and how it had hurt him to learn the truth about her , how he had struggled like a man crawling over knives not to know it , and finally , with even greater pain , had been forced to accept it . 
 magnus did not take such suffering lightly , but even mortals did not die of broken hearts . 
 no matter how cruel grace had been , he told himself , james would heal . 
 even though he was a herondale . 
 he opened the gates with his hands , thorns scratching his flesh , and he remembered again his first sight of grace and the feeling he 'd had of being faced with a predator . 
 she was very different from tessa , who had always steadied and anchored will , softened his eyes into humor and his lips to gentleness . 
 it would be ironic , magnus thought , terribly and cruelly ironic , for one herondale to be saved by love , and another herondale damned by it . 
 he tried to shake off both the memory of tessa and will and the echo of tatiana 's condemning words . 
 he had promised tessa that he would return , but now he found all he wanted to do was escape . 
 he did not want to care what shadowhunters thought of him . 
 he did not want to care what would become of them or their children . 
 he had offered help to three shadowhunters this night . 
 one of them had replied that he was beyond help , one had asked him to commit murder , and one had pointed a blade at him . 
 his relationship of mutual distant tolerance with the whitelaws of the new york institute seemed suddenly alluring . 
 he was part of downworld new york , and would have it no other way . 
 he was glad he had left london . 
 he discovered in himself a pang for new york and its brighter lights , and fewer broken hearts . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 asked the driver . 
 magnus thought of the ship from southampton to new york , of standing on the deck of the boat , letting the sea air wash him clean of the musty air of london . 
 he said , `` i believe i am going home . 
