 paris june 1791 there was a smell to paris in the summer mornings that magnus enjoyed . 
 this was surprising , because on summer mornings paris smelled of cheese that had sat in the sun all day , and fish and the less desirable parts of fish . 
 it smelled of people and all the things that people produce -lrb- this does not refer to art or culture but to the baser things that were dumped out of windows in buckets -rrb- . 
 but these were punctuated by other odors , and the odors would shift rapidly from street to street , or building to building . 
 that heady whiff of a bakery might be followed by an unexpected flush of gardenias in a garden , which gave way to the iron-rich pong of a slaughterhouse . 
 paris was nothing if not alive-the seine pumping along like a great artery , the vessels of the wider streets , narrowing down to the tiniest alleys ... and every inch of it had a smell . 
 it all smelled of life-life in every form and degree . 
 the smells today , however , were a bit strong . 
 magnus was taking an unfamiliar route , one that took him through quite a rough patch of paris . 
 the road here was not as smooth . 
 it was brutally hot inside his cabriolet as it bumped its way along . 
 magnus had animated one of his magnificent chinese fans , and it flapped ineffectively at him , barely stirring the breeze . 
 it was , if he was completely honest with himself -lrb- and he did not want to be -rrb- , a bit too hot for this new striped blue-and-rose-colored coat , made of taffeta and satin , and the silk faille waistcoat embroidered with a scene of birds and cherubs . 
 the wing collar , and the wig , and the silk breeches , the wonderful new gloves in the most delicate lemon yellow ... it was all a bit warm . 
 still . 
 if one could look this fabulous , one had an obligation to . 
 one should wear everything , or one should wear nothing at all . 
 he settled back into his seat and accepted the sweat proudly , glad that he lived by his principles , principles which were widely embraced in paris . 
 in paris people were always after the latest fashion . 
 wigs that hit the ceiling and had miniature boats in them ; outrageous silks ; white paint and high , blushed cheeks on the men and the women ; the decorative beauty spots ; the tailoring ; the colors ... in paris one could have the eyes of a cat -lrb- as he did -rrb- and tell people it was a trick of fashion . 
 in a world such as this , there was much work for an enterprising warlock . 
 the aristocracy loved a bit of magic and were willing to pay for it . 
 they paid for luck at the faro table . 
 they paid him to make their monkeys speak , to make their birds sing their favorite arias from the opera , to make their diamonds glow in different colors . 
 they wanted beauty spots in the shapes of hearts , champagne glasses , and stars to spontaneously appear on their cheeks . 
 they wanted to dazzle their guests by having fire shoot from their fountains , and then to amuse those same guests by having their chaise longues wander across the room . 
 and their lists of requests for the bedroom-well , he kept careful notes on those . 
 they were nothing if not imaginative . 
 in short , the people of paris and the neighboring royal town of versailles were the most decadent people magnus had ever met , and for this he revered them deeply . 
 of course , the revolution had put a damper on some of this . 
 magnus was daily reminded of that fact-even now , as he pulled back the blue silk curtains of the carriage . 
 he received a few penetrating looks from the sans-culottes pushing their carts or selling their cat meat . 
 magnus kept apartments in the marais , on the rue barbette , quite near the hotel de soubise , home of his old -lrb- and recently deceased -rrb- friend the prince of soubise . 
 magnus had an open invitation to wander the gardens or entertain himself there anytime he chose . 
 in fact , he could walk into any number of great houses in paris and be warmly greeted . 
 his aristocratic friends were silly but mostly harmless . 
 but now it was problematic to be seen in their company . 
 sometimes it was problematic to be seen at all . 
 it was no longer a good thing to be very rich or well connected . 
 the unwashed masses , producers of the stink , had taken over france , overturning everything in their unwashed path . 
 his feelings about the revolution were mixed . 
 people were hungry . 
 the price of bread was still very high . 
 it did not help that the queen , marie antoinette , when told that her people could not afford bread , had suggested that they eat cake instead . 
 it was sensible to him that the people should demand and receive food , and firewood , and all the basic needs of life . 
 magnus always felt for the poor and the wretched . 
 but at the same time , never had there been a society quite as wonderful as that of france at its dizzying heights and excesses . 
 and while he liked excitement , he also liked to have some sense of what was going on , and that feeling was in short supply . 
 no one quite knew who was in charge of the country . 
 the revolutionaries squabbled all the time . 
 the constitution was always being written . 
 the king and queen were alive and supposedly still somewhat in power , but they were controlled by the revolutionaries . 
 periodically there would be killings , fires , or attacks , all in the name of liberation . 
 living in paris was like living in a powder keg that was stacked on top of several other powder kegs , which were in a ship tossing blindly at sea . 
 there was always the feeling that one day the people-the undefined people-just might decide to kill everyone who could afford a hat . 
 magnus sighed and leaned back out of the range of prying eyes and put a jasmine-scented cloth to his nose . 
 enough stink and bother . 
 he was off to see a balloon . 
 of course , magnus had flown before . 
 he 'd animated carpets and rested upon the backs of migrating flocks of birds . 
 but he 'd never flown by a human hand . 
 this ballooning thing was new and , frankly , a little alarming . 
 just shooting up into the air in a fabulous and garish creation , with the whole of paris staring at you ... this , of course , was why he had to try it . 
 the hot air balloon craze had largely passed him by when it had first been the rage of paris , almost ten years before . 
 but just the other day , when magnus had had perhaps a little too much wine , he 'd looked up and seen one of the sky-blue , egg-shaped wonders drifting past , with its gold illustrations of zodiacal signs and fleurs-de-lis , and all at once he 'd been overcome with the desire to get into its basket and ride over the city . 
 it had been a whim , and there was nothing magnus attached more importance to than a whim . 
 he 'd managed to track down one of the montgolfier brothers that very day and had paid far too many louis d'or for a private ride . 
 and now that magnus was on his way to take said ride on this hot afternoon , he reflected back on just how much wine he had drunk on the afternoon when he had set this all up . 
 it had been quite a lot of wine . 
 his carriage finally came to a stop near the chateau de la muette , once a beautiful little palace , now falling apart . 
 magnus stepped out into the swampy afternoon and walked into the park . 
 there was a heavy , oppressive feel to the air that made magnus 's wonderful clothes hang heavily . 
 he walked along the path until he came to the meeting spot , where his balloon and its crew awaited him . 
 the balloon was deflated on the grass-the silk just as beautiful as ever , but the overall effect not as impressive as he had hoped . 
 he had better dressing gowns , when it came down to it . 
 one of the montgolfiers -lrb- magnus could not remember which one he had hired -rrb- came rushing up to him with a flushed face . 
 `` monsieur bane ! 
 je suis desole , monsieur , but the weather ... today it will not cooperate . 
 it is most annoying . 
 i have seen a flash of lightning in the distance . '' 
 sure enough , as soon as these words were spoken , there was a distant rumble . 
 and the sky did have a greenish cast . 
 `` flight is not possible today . 
 tomorrow , perhaps . 
 alain ! 
 the balloon ! 
 move it at once ! '' 
 and with that , the balloon was rolled up and carried to a small gazebo . 
 dismayed , magnus decided to have a turn around the park before the weather deteriorated . 
 one could see the most fetching ladies and gentlemen walking there , and it did seem to be a place that people came to when they were feeling ... amorous . 
 no longer a private wooded area and park , the bois de boulogne was now open to the people , who used the wonderful grounds for growing potatoes for food . 
 they also wore cotton and proudly called themselves sans-culottes , meaning `` without knee breeches . '' 
 they wore long , workmanlike pants , and they cast long , judgmental looks at magnus 's own exquisite breeches , which matched the rose-colored stripe in his jacket , and his faintly silver stockings . 
 it really was getting difficult to be wonderful . 
 also , the park seemed singularly devoid of handsome , love-struck persons . 
 it was all long trousers and long looks and people mumbling about the latest revolutionary craze . 
 the more noble sorts all looked nervous and turned their gazes to the path whenever a member of the third estate walked by . 
 but magnus did see someone he knew , and he was n't happy about it . 
 coming toward him at great speed was henri de polignac , dressed in black and silver . 
 henri was a darkling of marcel saint cloud 's , who was the head of the most powerful clan of vampires in paris . 
 henri was also a terrible bore . 
 most subjugates were . 
 it was hard to have a conversation with someone who was always saying , `` master says this '' and `` master says that . '' 
 always groveling . 
 always lingering about , waiting to be bitten . 
 magnus had to wonder what henri was doing out in the park during the day-the answer was certainly something bad . 
 hunting . 
 recruiting . 
 and now , bothering magnus . 
 `` monsieur bane , '' he said , with a short bow . 
 `` henri . '' 
 `` it 's been some time since we 've seen you . '' 
 `` oh , '' magnus said airily . 
 `` i 've been quite busy . 
 business , you know . 
 revolution . '' 
 `` of course . 
 but master was just saying how long it 's been since he 's seen you . 
 he was wondering if you 'd fallen off the face of the earth . '' 
 `` no , no , '' magnus said . 
 `` just keeping busy . '' 
 `` as is master , '' henri said with a twisted little smile . 
 `` you really must come by . 
 master is having a party on monday evening . 
 he would be very cross with me if i did not invite you . '' 
 `` would he ? '' 
 magnus said , swallowing down the slightly bitter taste that had risen in his mouth . 
 `` he would indeed . '' 
 one did not turn down an invitation from saint cloud . 
 at least , one did n't if one wanted to continue living contentedly in paris . 
 vampires took offense so easily-and parisian vampires were the worst of all . 
 `` of course , '' magnus said , delicately peeling one of his lemon-yellow gloves from his hand , simply for something to do . 
 `` of course . 
 i would be delighted . 
 most delighted . '' 
 `` i will tell master you will be in attendance , '' henri replied . 
 the first drops of rain began to fall , landing heavily on magnus 's delicate jacket . 
 at least this allowed him to say his good-byes quickly . 
 as he hurried across the grass , magnus put up his hand . 
 blue sparks webbed between his fingers , and instantly the rain no longer struck him . 
 it rolled off an invisible canopy he had conjured just over his head . 
 paris . 
 it was problematic sometimes . 
 so political . 
 -lrb- oh , his shoes ... his shoes ! 
 why had he worn the silk ones with the curled toes today ? 
 he had known he 'd be in a park . 
 but they were new and pretty and by jacques of the rue des balais and could not be resisted . -rrb- 
 perhaps it was best , in the current climate , to consider retiring to somewhere simpler . 
 london was always a good retreat . 
 not as fashionable , but not without its charms . 
 or he could go to the alps ... . 
 yes , he did love the clean , fresh air . 
 he could frolic through the edelweiss and enjoy the thermal baths of schinznach-bad . 
 or farther afield . 
 it had been too long since he 'd been to india , after all . 
 and he could never resist the joys of peru ... . 
 perhaps it was best to stay in paris . 
 he got inside the cabriolet just as the skies truly opened and the rain drummed down so hard on the roof that he could no longer hear his thoughts . 
 the balloon-maker 's assistants hurriedly covered the balloon works , and the people scurried for cover under trees . 
 the flowers seemed to brighten in the splash of the rain , and magnus took a great , deep breath of the paris air he loved so well . 
 as they drove off , a potato hit the side of his carriage . 
 the day , in a very literal sense , appeared to be a wash . 
 there was only one thing for it-a long , cool bath with a cup of hot lapsang souchong . 
 he would bathe by the window and drink in the smoky tea , and watch the rain drench paris . 
 then he would recline and read le pied de fanchette and shakespeare for several hours . 
 then , some violet champagne and an hour or two to dress for the opera . 
 `` marie ! '' 
 magnus called as he entered the house . 
 `` bath ! '' 
 he kept as staff an older couple , marie and claude . 
 they were extremely good at their jobs , and years of service in paris had left them completely unsurprised by anything . 
 of the many places he had lived , magnus found his paris house to be one of the most pleasing abodes . 
 certainly there were places of greater natural beauty-but paris had unnatural beauty , which was arguably better . 
 everything in the house gave him pleasure . 
 the silk wallpaper in yellow and rose and silver and blue , the ormolu tables and giltwood armchairs , the clocks and mirrors and porcelains ... . 
 with every step he took farther into the house , to his main salon , he was reminded of the good of the place . 
 many downworlders stayed away from paris . 
 there were certainly many werewolves in the country , and every wooded glen had its fey . 
 but paris , it seemed , was the terrain of the vampire . 
 it made sense , in many ways . 
 vampires were courtly creatures . 
 they were pale and elegant . 
 they enjoyed darkness and pleasure . 
 their hypnotic gazes-the encanto-enchanted many a noble . 
 and there was nothing quite as pleasurable , decadent , and dangerous as letting a vampire drink your blood . 
 it had all gotten a bit out of hand during the vampire craze of 1787 , though . 
 that 's when the blood parties had started . 
 that 's when all the children had gone missing and some other young people first returned home pale and with the absent look of the subjugate . 
 like henri , and his sister , brigitte . 
 they were the nephew and niece of the duke de polignac . 
 once beloved members of one of the great families of france , they now lived with saint cloud and did his bidding . 
 and saint cloud 's bidding could be a strange thing indeed . 
 magnus did n't mind a little decadence-but saint cloud was evil . 
 classic , straightforward evil of the most old-fashioned type . 
 the shadowhunters of the paris institute seemed to have little effect on the goings-on , possibly because in paris there were many places to hide . 
 there were miles of catacombs , and it was extremely easy to snatch someone from the street and drag them below . 
 saint cloud had friends in places high and low , and it would have been very difficult to go after him . 
 magnus did all he could to avoid the parisian vampires and the vampires who appeared on the edges of the court at versailles . 
 no good ever came of an encounter . 
 but enough of that . 
 time for the bath , which marie was already filling . 
 magnus kept a large tub in his main salon , right by the window , so he could watch the street below as he bathed . 
 when the water was ready , he submerged himself and began reading . 
 an hour or so later he had dropped his book bathside and was watching some clouds pass overhead while absently thinking about the story of cleopatra dissolving an invaluable pearl in a glass of wine . 
 there was a knock on his chamber door , and claude entered . 
 `` there is a man here to see you , monsieur bane . '' 
 claude understood that in magnus 's business it was not necessary to take names . 
 `` all right , '' magnus said with a sigh . 
 `` show him in . '' 
 `` will monsieur be receiving his visitor in the bath ? '' 
 `` monsieur is considering it , '' magnus said , with an even deeper sigh . 
 it was annoying , but professional appearances had to be kept . 
 he stepped out , dripping , and put on a silk dressing gown embroidered on the back with the picture of a peacock . 
 he threw himself petulantly into a chair by the window . 
 `` claude ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` now ! 
 send him in ! '' 
 a moment later the door opened again , and there stood a very attractive man with black hair and blue eyes . 
 he wore clothes of an obviously fine quality . 
 the tailoring was absolutely delicious . 
 this was the sort of thing magnus wanted to happen more often . 
 how generous the universe could be , when she wanted to be ! 
 after denying him his balloon ride and giving him such an unpleasant encounter with henri . 
 `` you are monsieur magnus bane , '' the man said with certainty . 
 magnus was rarely misidentified . 
 tall , golden-skinned , cat-eyed men were rare . 
 `` i am , '' magnus replied . 
 many nobles magnus had met had the absentminded air of people who had never had to take care of any matters of importance . 
 this man was different . 
 he had a very erect bearing , and a look of purpose . 
 also , he spoke french with a faint accent , but what kind of accent , magnus could not immediately place . 
 `` i have come to speak to you on a matter of some urgency . 
 i would n't normally ... i ... '' magnus knew this hesitation well . 
 some people were nervous in the presence of warlocks . 
 `` you are uncomfortable , monsieur , '' magnus said with a smile . 
 `` allow me to make you comfortable . 
 i have a great talent in these matters . 
 please sit . 
 have some champagne . '' 
 `` i prefer to stand , monsieur . '' 
 `` as you wish . 
 but may i have the pleasure of learning your name ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 `` my name is count axel von fersen . '' 
 a count ! 
 named axel ! 
 a military man ! 
 with black hair and blue eyes ! 
 and in a state of distress ! 
 oh , the universe had outdone herself . 
 the universe would be sent flowers . 
 `` monsieur bane , i have heard of your talents . 
 i ca n't say whether i believe what i 've heard , but rational , intelligent , sensible people swear to me that you are capable of wonderful things beyond my understanding . '' 
 magnus spread his hands in false modesty . 
 `` it 's all true , '' he said . 
 `` as long as it was wonderful . '' 
 `` they say you can alter a person 's appearance by some sort of ... conjuring trick . '' 
 magnus allowed this insult to pass . 
 `` monsieur , '' von fersen said , `` what are your feelings on the revolution ? '' 
 `` the revolution will happen regardless of my feelings on the matter , '' magnus said coolly . 
 `` i am not a native son of france , so i do not presume to have opinions on how the nation conducts itself . '' 
 `` and i am not a son of france either . 
 i am from sweden . 
 but i do have feelings on this , very strong feelings ... . '' 
 magnus liked it when von fersen talked about his very strong feelings . 
 he liked it very much . 
 `` i come here because i must , and because you are the only person who can help . 
 by coming here today and telling you what i am going to tell you , i put my life in your hands . 
 i also risk lives much more valuable than mine . 
 but i do not do so blindly . 
 i have learned much about you , monsieur bane . 
 i know you have many aristocratic friends . 
 i know you have been in paris for six years , and you are well liked and well known . 
 and you are said to be a man of your word . 
 are you , monsieur , a man of your word ? '' 
 `` it really depends upon the word , '' magnus said . 
 `` there are so many wonderful words out there ... '' magnus silently cursed himself on his poor knowledge of swedish . 
 he could have added another witty line . 
 he tried to learn seductive phrases in all languages , but the only swedish he had ever really needed was , `` do you serve anything aside from pickled fish ? '' 
 and `` if you wrap me in furs , i can pretend to be your little fuzzy bear . '' 
 von fersen visibly steadied himself before speaking again . 
 `` i need you to save the king and queen . 
 i need you to preserve the royal family of france . '' 
 well . 
 that was certainly an unexpected turn . 
 as if in reply , the sky darkened again and there was another rumble of thunder . 
 `` i see , '' magnus replied after a moment . 
 `` how does that statement make you feel , monsieur ? '' 
 `` quite the same as always , '' magnus replied , making sure to keep his calm demeanor . 
 `` with my hands . '' 
 but he felt anything but calm . 
 the peasant women had broken into the palace of versailles and thrown out the king and queen , who now lived at the tuileries , that broken-down old palace in the middle of paris . 
 the people had produced pamphlets detailing the supposed crimes of the royal family . 
 they seemed to focus quite heavily on queen marie antoinette , accusing her of the most terrible things-often sexual . 
 -lrb- there was no way possible she could have done all of the things the pamphleteers claimed . 
 the crimes were too gross , too immoral , and far too physically challenging . 
 magnus himself had never attempted half of them . -rrb- 
 anything relating to the royal family was bad and dangerous to know . 
 which made it as appealing as it was frightening . 
 `` obviously , monsieur , i 've just taken a great risk in saying that much to you . '' 
 `` i realize that , '' magnus said . 
 `` but save the royal family ? 
 no one has harmed them . '' 
 `` it is only a matter of time , '' von fersen said . 
 his emotion brought a flush to his cheeks that made magnus 's heart flutter a bit . 
 `` they are prisoners . 
 kings and queens who are imprisoned are generally not freed to rule again . 
 no ... no . 
 it is only a matter of time before the situation grows very dire . 
 it is already intolerable , the conditions under which they are forced to live . 
 the palace is dirty . 
 the servants are cruel and mocking . 
 every day their possessions and natural entitlements are diminished . 
 i am certain ... i am quite , quite certain ... if they are not freed , they shall not live . 
 and i can not live with that knowledge . 
 when they were dragged from versailles , i sold everything and followed them to paris . 
 i will follow them anywhere . '' 
 `` what is it you want me to do ? '' 
 magnus said . 
 `` i am told you can alter a person 's appearance through ... some kind of ... marvel . '' 
 magnus was happy to accept that description of his talents . 
 `` whatever price you wish , it shall be paid . 
 the royal family of sweden will also be informed of your great service . '' 
 `` with all due respect , monsieur , '' magnus said , `` i do not live in sweden . 
 i live here . 
 and if i do this ... '' `` if you do this , you do the greatest service to france . 
 and when the family is restored to their proper place , you will be honored as a great hero . '' 
 again , this made little difference . 
 but what did make a difference was von fersen himself . 
 it was the blue eyes and the dark hair and the passion and the obvious courage . 
 it was the way he stood , tall and strong ... `` monsieur , will you stand with us ? 
 do we have your word , monsieur ? '' 
 it was also a very bad idea . 
 it was a terrible idea . 
 it was the worst idea he had ever heard . 
 it was irresistible . 
 `` your word , monsieur , '' axel said again . 
 `` you have it , '' magnus said . 
 `` then i will come again tomorrow night and lay the plan out in front of you , '' von fersen said . 
 `` i will show you what must happen . '' 
 `` i insist we dine together , '' magnus said . 
 `` if we are to undertake this great adventure together . '' 
 there was a momentary pause , and then axel gave a sharp nod . 
 `` yes , '' he said . 
 `` yes . 
 i agree . 
 we will dine together . '' 
 when von fersen left , magnus looked at himself in the mirror for a long time , looking for signs of madness . 
 the actual magic involved was very simple . 
 he could easily get himself in and out of the palace and cast a simple glamour . 
 no one would ever know . 
 he shook his head . 
 this was paris . 
 everyone knew everything , somehow . 
 he took a long sip of the now warm violet champagne and swished it round his mouth . 
 any logical doubts he had were drowned out by the beating of his heart . 
 it had been so long since he 'd felt the rush . 
 in his mind now there was only von fersen . 
 the next night , magnus had dinner brought in , courtesy of the chef at the hotel de soubise . 
 magnus 's friends permitted his use of the kitchen staff and their excellent foodstuffs when he needed to set an especially fine table . 
 tonight he had a delicate pigeon bisque , turbot , rouen duckling with orange , spit-roasted veal , green beans au jus , artichokes , and a table full of cream puffs , fruit , and tiny cakes . 
 the meal was simple enough to arrange-getting dressed , however , was not . 
 absolutely nothing was right . 
 he needed something that was flirtatious and fetching , yet businesslike and serious . 
 and at first it seemed that the lemon-yellow coat and breeches with the purple waistcoat fit the bill precisely , but these were discarded for the lime-green waistcoat , and then the violet breeches . 
 he settled on an entire ensemble in a simple cerulean blue , but not before he had emptied out the entire contents of his wardrobe . 
 waiting was a delicious agony . 
 magnus could only pace , looking out the window , waiting for von fersen 's carriage to appear . 
 he made countless trips to the mirror , and then to the table claude and marie had so carefully laid before he 'd sent them away for the evening . 
 axel had insisted on privacy , and magnus was happy to oblige . 
 at precisely eight o'clock a carriage stopped in front of magnus 's door , and out he stepped . 
 axel . 
 he even looked up , as if he knew that magnus would be looking down , waiting for him . 
 he smiled a greeting , and magnus felt a pleasant kind of sickness , a panic ... . 
 he hurried down the steps to admit axel himself . 
 `` i 've dismissed my staff for the evening , as you asked , '' he said , trying to regain his composure . 
 `` do come in . 
 our dinner is ready for us . 
 you 'll excuse the informality of my service . '' 
 `` of course , monsieur , '' axel said . 
 but axel did not linger over his food , or allow himself the pleasures of sipping his wine and taking in magnus 's charms . 
 he launched right into the business at hand . 
 he even had maps , which he unrolled on the sofa . 
 `` the escape plan has been developed over several months , '' he said , picking an artichoke from a silver dish . 
 `` by me , some friends of the cause , and the queen herself . '' 
 `` and the king ? '' 
 magnus asked . 
 `` his majesty has ... removed himself from the situation somewhat . 
 he is very despondent over the state of things . 
 her majesty has assumed much responsibility . '' 
 `` you seem to be very ... fond of her majesty , '' magnus noted carefully . 
 `` she is to be admired , '' axel said , dabbing at his lips with his napkin . 
 `` and clearly she trusts you . 
 you must be very close . '' 
 `` she has graciously allowed me into her confidence . '' 
 magnus could read between the lines . 
 axel did n't kiss and tell , which made him only more attractive . 
 `` the escape is to be made on sunday , '' alex went on . 
 `` the plan is simple , but exacting . 
 we have arranged it so the guards have seen certain people leaving by certain exits at certain times . 
 on the night of the escape , we will substitute the family for these people . 
 the children will be woken at ten thirty . 
 the dauphin will be dressed as a young girl . 
 he and his sister will be removed from the palace by the royal governess , the marquise de tourzel , and will walk to meet me at the grand carrousel . 
 i will be driving the traveling carriage . 
 we will then wait for madame elisabeth , sister of the king . 
 she shall leave by the same door as the children . 
 when his majesty finishes his coucher for the evening and is left alone , he will leave as well , disguised as the chevalier de coigny . 
 her majesty ... will escape last . '' 
 `` marie antoinette will leave last ? '' 
 `` it was her decision , '' von fersen said quickly . 
 `` she is extremely courageous . 
 she demands to go last . 
 if the others are discovered missing , she wishes to sacrifice herself in order to aid their escape . '' 
 there was that frisson of passion in his voice again . 
 but this time when he looked at magnus , his gaze stayed there for a moment , fixed on the catlike pupils . 
 `` so why do you want only the queen glamoured ? '' 
 `` partially it has to do with timing , '' axel said . 
 `` the order in which people must be seen coming and going . 
 his majesty will be with people right up until his coucher , and he departs instantly after that . 
 only her majesty will be alone in the palace for some time . 
 she is also more recognizable . '' 
 `` than the king ? '' 
 `` but of course ! 
 his majesty is not ... a handsome man . 
 gazes do not linger on his face . 
 what people recognize are his clothes , and carriage , all the external signs of his royal status . 
 but her majesty ... her face is known . 
 her face is studied and drawn and painted . 
 her style is copied . 
 she is beautiful , and her face has been committed to many a memory . '' 
 `` i see , '' magnus said , wanting to move away from the subject of the queen 's beauty . 
 `` and what will happen to you ? '' 
 `` i will drive the carriage as far as bondy , '' he said , his gaze still fixed on magnus . 
 he continued to list details-troop movements , stations to change the horses , things of that nature . 
 magnus had no interest in these details . 
 they could not hold his attention like the way the elegant ruff of shirt fabric brushed axel 's chin as he spoke . 
 the heavy plumpness of his lower lip . 
 no king or queen or palace or work of art had anything that could compare with that lower lip . 
 `` as for your payment ... '' these words drew magnus back in . 
 `` the matter of payment is quite simple , '' magnus said . 
 `` i require no money - '' `` monsieur , '' axel said , leaning forward , `` you do this as a true patriot of france ! '' 
 `` i do this , '' magnus continued calmly , `` to develop our friendship . 
 i ask only to see you again when the thing is done . '' 
 `` to see me ? '' 
 `` to see you , monsieur . '' 
 axel 's shoulders drew back a bit , and he looked down at his plate . 
 for a moment magnus thought it was all for nothing , that he had made the wrong move . 
 but then axel looked back up , and the candlelight flickered in his blue eyes . 
 `` monsieur , '' he said , taking magnus 's hand across the table , `` we shall be the closest of friends evermore . '' 
 this was precisely what magnus wanted to hear . 
 on sunday morning , the day of the escape , magnus woke to the usual clamor of church bells ringing all over paris . 
 his head was a bit thick and clouded from a long evening with the count de -- and a group of actors from the comedie-italienne . 
 it seemed that during the night he had also acquired a monkey . 
 it sat on the footboard of his bed , happily eating magnus 's morning bread . 
 it had already tipped over the pot of tea that claude had brought in , and there was a pile of shredded ostrich feathers in the middle of the floor . 
 `` hello , '' magnus said to the monkey . 
 the monkey did not reply . 
 `` i shall call you ragnor , '' magnus added , leaning back against the pillows gently . 
 `` claude ! '' 
 the door opened , and claude came in . 
 he did not appear in the least bit surprised about ragnor 's presence . 
 he just immediately set to work cleaning up the spilled tea . 
 `` i 'll need you to get a leash for my monkey , claude , and also a hat . '' 
 `` of course , monsieur . '' 
 `` do you think he needs a little coat as well ? '' 
 `` perhaps not in this weather , monsieur . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' magnus said with a sigh . 
 `` make it a simple dressing gown , just like mine . '' 
 `` which one , monsieur ? '' 
 `` the one in rose and silver . '' 
 `` an excellent choice , monsieur , '' claude said , getting to work on the feathers . 
 `` and take him to the kitchen and get him a proper breakfast , will you ? 
 he 'll need fruit and water , and perhaps a cool bath . '' 
 by this point ragnor had hopped down from the foot of the bed and was making his way toward an exquisite sevres porcelain vase , when claude plucked him up like he 'd been monkey-plucking all his life . 
 `` ah , '' claude added , reaching into his coat , `` a note came for you this morning . '' 
 he made his quiet exit with the monkey . 
 magnus tore open the note . 
 it read : there is a problem . 
 it is to be delayed until tomorrow . 
 - axel well , that was the evening 's plans ruined . 
 tomorrow was saint cloud 's party . 
 both of these obligations needed to be met . 
 but it could be done . 
 he would take his carriage to the edge of the tuileries palace , attend to the business with the queen , get back into the carriage , and get to the party . 
 he 'd had busier nights . 
 and axel was worth it . 
 magnus spent far more of the next day and evening worrying about saint cloud 's party than about his business with the royal family . 
 the glamour would be easy . 
 the party would likely be fraught and uncomfortable . 
 all he had to do was put in an appearance , smile , and chat for a bit , and then he could be on his way . 
 but he could n't escape the feeling that somehow this evening was going to go wrong . 
 but first , the small matter of the queen . 
 magnus took his bath and dressed after dinner , and then quietly left his apartments at nine , instructing his driver to take him to the vicinity of the tuileries garden and return at midnight . 
 this was a familiar enough trip . 
 many people went to the garden for a `` chance encounter '' amongst the topiaries . 
 he walked around for a bit , making his way through the shadowy garden , listening to the snuffling noises of lovers in the shrubbery , occasionally peeking through the leaves to have a little look . 
 at ten thirty he made his way , by following axel 's map , to the outside of the apartments of the long-departed duc de villequier . 
 if all went to plan , the young princess and dauphin would be exiting those unguarded doors soon , with the dauphin disguised as a little girl . 
 if they did not exit , the plan was already foiled . 
 but only a few minutes later than expected , the children came out with their nurses , all in the disguises . 
 magnus followed them quietly as they walked through the north-facing courtyard , down the rue de l'echelle , and to the grand carrousel . 
 and there , with a plain carriage , was axel . 
 he was dressed as a rough parisian coachman . 
 he was even smoking a pipe and making jokes , all in a perfect low paris accent , all traces of his swedishness gone . 
 there was axel in the moonlight , lifting the children into the carriage - magnus was struck speechless for a moment . 
 axel 's bravery , his talent , his gentleness ... it tugged on magnus 's heart in a way that was slightly unfamiliar , and it made it very difficult to be cynical . 
 he watched them drive away , and then returned to his task . 
 he would enter through that same door . 
 even though the door was unguarded , magnus needed his glamour to protect him , so that anyone looking over would see only a large cat sneaking into the palace through a door that seemed to blow open . 
 with thousands of people coming in and out-and no royal staff of hundreds of cleaners-the floors were grimy , with clumps of dried mud and footprints . 
 there was a musty smell about the place , a mix of damp , smoke , mold , and a few unemptied chamber pots , some of which sat in the halls . 
 there was no light , save what was reflected from windows , off mirrors , and weakly amplified with crystal chandeliers that were thick with spiderwebs and dimmed by soot . 
 axel had given magnus a hand-drawn map with very clear instructions on how to get through the seemingly endless series of arches and largely empty grand rooms , their gilded furnishings either absent or having been roughly appropriated by guards . 
 there were a few secret doors hidden in the paneling , which magnus quietly passed through . 
 as he went deeper into the palace , the rooms grew a bit cleaner , the candles a bit more frequent . 
 there were smells of cooking food and pipe smoke and more people passing by . 
 and then he arrived at the royal chambers . 
 at the door he 'd been instructed to enter , a guard sat by , idly whistling and kicking back on his chair . 
 magnus sent up a small spark in the corner of the room , and the guard got up to examine it . 
 magnus slipped the key into the lock and entered . 
 these rooms had a velvety silence about them that felt unnatural and uncomfortable . 
 he smelled smoke from a recently extinguished candle . 
 magnus was not cowed by royalty , but his heart began to beat a bit more quickly as he reached for the second key axel had given him . 
 axel had a key to the queen 's private rooms . 
 the fact was both exciting and unsettling . 
 and there she was-queen marie antoinette . 
 he 'd seen her image many times , but now she was in front of him , and altogether human . 
 that was the shock of it . 
 the queen was a human , in her sleeping dress . 
 there was a loveliness about her . 
 one part , no doubt , was simply the training she had had-her regal bearing and small , delicate footsteps . 
 the pictures had never done justice to her eyes , though , which were large and luminous . 
 her hair had been carefully coiffed in a halo of light curls , over which she wore a light linen cap . 
 magnus remained in the shadows and watched her pace her room , going from bed to window and back to bed again , clearly terrified about the fate of her family . 
 `` you notice nothing , madame , '' he said quietly . 
 the queen turned as he said this and looked at the corner of the room in confusion , then returned to her pacing . 
 magnus drew closer , and as he did so , he could see how the strain of things had taken its toll on the woman . 
 her hair was thin , and pale , turning brittle and gray at points . 
 still , her face had a fierce , determined glow that magnus quite admired . 
 he could see why axel felt for her-there was a strength there he never would have expected . 
 he wiggled his fingers , and blue flames crackled between them . 
 again the queen turned in confusion . 
 magnus passed his hand by her face , changing her visage from the familiar and royal to the familiar and ordinary . 
 her eyes diminished in size and grew dark , her cheeks became plumper and heavily flushed with red , her nose increased in size , and her chin receded . 
 her hair became more limp and darkened to a chestnut brown . 
 he went a little further than was absolutely necessary , even altering her cheekbones and ears a bit until no one could mistake the woman in front of him for the queen . 
 she looked as she was supposed to look-like a russian noblewoman of a different age , a different life altogether . 
 he created a noise near the window to draw her attention away , and when her back was turned , he exited . 
 he left the palace through a heavily trafficked exit behind the royal apartments , where the queen kept a gate open for axel 's nightly entrances and exits . 
 it was altogether simple and elegant , and a good night 's work . 
 magnus smiled to himself , looked up at the moon hanging over paris , and thought of axel , driving around in his coach . 
 then he thought of axel doing other things . 
 and then he hurried on . 
 there were vampires to see . 
 it was a fortunate thing that vampire parties always started so late . 
 magnus 's carriage drew up to saint cloud 's door after midnight . 
 the footmen , all vampires , helped him from his carriage , and henri greeted him by the door . 
 `` monsieur bane , '' he said , with his creepy little smile . 
 `` master will be so very pleased . '' 
 `` i 'm so glad , '' magnus said , barely concealing his sarcasm . 
 henri 's eyebrow flicked just a bit . 
 then he turned and put his arm out to a girl of similar age and appearance-blond , glassy-eyed , dull of expression , and very beautiful . 
 `` you know my sister , brigitte ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 we 've met several times , mademoiselle , in your ... previous life . '' 
 `` my previous life , '' brigitte said with a little , tinkling laugh . 
 `` my previous life . '' 
 brigitte 's previous life was an idea that continued to entertain her , as she kept giggling and smiling to herself . 
 henri put his arm around her in a way that was not entirely brotherly . 
 `` master has very generously allowed us to keep our names , '' he said . 
 `` and i was most pleased when he permitted me to return to my former home and bring my sister back here to live . 
 master is most generous in this way , as he is in all ways . '' 
 this caused brigitte to have another fit of giggles . 
 henri gave her a playful pat on the bottom . 
 `` i 'm absolutely parched , '' magnus said . 
 `` i think i 'll find some champagne . '' 
 unlike the dreary and poorly lit tuileries , saint cloud 's house was spectacular . 
 it did n't quite qualify as a palace , in terms of size , but it had all of the opulence of the decor . 
 it was a veritable jungle of patterns , with paintings packed frame to frame up to the ceilings . 
 and all of saint cloud 's chandeliers sparkled and were full of black candles , dripping black wax onto the floor . 
 the wax was then instantly scraped up by a small army of darklings . 
 a few mundane hangers-on were draped over the furniture , most holding wineglasses-or bottles . 
 most slumped with their necks exposed , just waiting , begging to be bitten . 
 the vampires stayed on their own side of the room , laughing amongst themselves and pointing , as if choosing what to eat from a table laden with delicacies . 
 in mundane parisian society the large powdered wig had recently gone out of fashion , in favor of more natural styles . 
 in vampire society the wigs were bigger than ever . 
 one female vampire wore a wig that was at least six feet high , powdered a light pink , and supported by a delicate latticework of what magnus suspected was the bones of children . 
 she had a bit of blood at the corner of her mouth , and magnus could not figure out if the slashes of red on her cheeks were blood or extreme streaks of blush . 
 -lrb- like the wigs , the paris vampires also favored the slightly passe makeup styles , such as the sharp spots of blush on the cheeks , possibly in mockery of the humans . -rrb- 
 he passed an ashen-faced harpist who had-magnus noted grimly-been shackled to the floor by his ankle . 
 if he played well enough , he might be kept alive for a while to play again . 
 or he could be a late-night snack . 
 magnus was tempted to sever the harpist 's chain , but just at that moment there was a voice from above . 
 `` magnus ! 
 magnus bane , where have you been ? '' 
 marcel saint cloud was leaning over the rail and waving down . 
 around him , a cluster of vampires peered at magnus over their fans of feather and ivory and bone . 
 saint cloud was , though it pained magnus to admit it , strikingly beautiful . 
 the old ones all had a very special look about them-a luster that came with age . 
 and saint cloud was old , possibly one of vlad 's very first vampire court . 
 he was not as tall as magnus , but was very finely boned , with jutting cheekbones and long fingers . 
 his eyes were utterly black , but caught the light like mirrored glass . 
 and his clothes ... well , he used the same tailor as magnus , so of course they were wonderful . 
 `` always busy , '' magnus said , managing a smile as saint cloud and his cluster of followers descended the steps . 
 they clung to his heels , altering their pace to fall in line with his . 
 sycophants . 
 `` you 've just missed de sade . '' 
 `` what a shame , '' magnus replied . 
 the marquis de sade was a decidedly eerie mundane , with the most perverse imagination magnus had ever come across since the spanish inquisition . 
 `` there are some things i want to show you , '' saint cloud said , putting a cold arm around magnus 's shoulders . 
 `` absolutely wonderful things ! '' 
 one thing saint cloud and magnus had in common was a rich appreciation for mundane fashion , furniture , and art . 
 magnus tended to buy his , or receive them as payment . 
 marcel traded with the revolutionaries-or with the street people who had raided great houses and taken the pretty things from inside . 
 or his darklings handed over their possessions . 
 or things just arrived in his house . 
 it was best not to ask too many questions but simply to admire , and admire loudly . 
 marcel would take offense if magnus did n't praise every item . 
 suddenly , a chorus of voices from an outside courtyard was calling for saint cloud . 
 `` something seems to be going on , '' marcel said . 
 `` perhaps we should investigate . '' 
 the voices were high , excited , and giddy-all tones magnus did n't want to hear at a vampire party . 
 those tones meant very bad things . 
 `` what is it , my friends ? '' 
 marcel said , walking toward the front hall . 
 there was a tangle of vampires standing at the foot of the front steps , with henri at the head . 
 a few of them were holding a struggling figure . 
 she made high-pitched squeals from a mouth that sounded covered , though it was impossible to see her in the throng . 
 `` master ... '' henri 's eyes were wide . 
 `` master , we have found ... you will not believe , master ... '' `` show me . 
 bring it forward . 
 what is it ? '' 
 the vampires ordered themselves a bit and threw the human into the cleared space on the ground . 
 it was all magnus could do not to make a sound of alarm , or give away anything at all . 
 it was marie antoinette . 
 of course , the glamour he had applied did not affect the vampires . 
 the queen was exposed , her face white with shock . 
 `` you ... , '' she said , addressing the crowd in a shaky voice , `` what you have done ... you will - '' marcel raised a silencing hand , and to magnus 's surprise , the queen stopped speaking . 
 `` who brought her ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` how did this happen ? '' 
 `` it was i , monsieur , '' said a voice . 
 a dapper vampire named coselle stepped to the front . 
 `` i was on my way here , coming down the rue du bac , and i absolutely could not believe my eyes . 
 she must have gotten out of the tuileries . 
 she was just on the street , monsieur , looking panicked and lost . '' 
 of course . 
 the queen would not have been accustomed to being out on the streets on her own . 
 and in the dark it was easy to go the wrong way . 
 she had made a wrong turn and crossed the seine somehow . 
 `` madame , '' marcel said , walking down the stairs . 
 `` or should i say ` your majesty ' ? 
 do i have the pleasure of addressing our beloved and most ... illustrious queen ? '' 
 a low snicker from around the room , but aside from that no noise at all . 
 `` i am she , '' the queen said , rising to her feet . 
 `` and i demand - '' marcel put up his hand again , indicating silence . 
 he descended the rest of the steps and walked to the queen , stood in front of her , and examined her closely . 
 then he gave a small bow . 
 `` your majesty , '' he said . 
 `` i am thrilled beyond words that you could attend my party . 
 we are all thrilled beyond words , are we not , my friends ? '' 
 by now , all the vampires who could fit had crowded into the doorway . 
 those who could not were leaning out of the windows . 
 there were nods and smiles , but no reply . 
 the silence was terrible . 
 outside marcel 's courtyard wall , even paris itself seemed to have fallen silent . 
 `` my dear marcel , '' magnus said , forcing a laugh . 
 `` i do hate to disappoint you , but this is not the queen . 
 this is the mistress of one of my clients . 
 her name is josette . '' 
 as this statement appeared to be plainly and glaringly false , marcel and the others remained silent , waiting to hear more . 
 magnus walked down the steps , trying to look like he was amused by this turn of events . 
 `` she 's very good , is n't she ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` i cater to many tastes , much like you . 
 and i happen to have a client who wishes to do to the queen what she has been doing to the french people for many years . 
 i was hired to do a complete transformation . 
 and i must say , at the risk of sounding immodest , that i have done an excellent job of it . '' 
 `` i have never known you to be modest , '' marcel said without a hint of a smile . 
 `` it 's an overrated quality , '' magnus replied with a shrug . 
 `` then how do you explain the fact that this woman claims she is , in fact , queen marie antoinette ? '' 
 `` i am the queen , you monster ! '' 
 she said , her voice now hysterical . 
 `` i am the queen . 
 i am the queen ! '' 
 magnus got the impression that she was saying this not as a way of impressing her captors but as a way of assuring herself of her own identity and sanity . 
 he stepped calmly in front of her and snapped his fingers in front of her face . 
 she fell unconscious at once , slumping gently into his arms . 
 `` why , '' he said , calmly turning toward marcel , `` would the queen of france be wandering down this street , unattended , in the middle of the night ? '' 
 `` a fair question . '' 
 `` because she was n't . 
 josette was . 
 she had to be complete in every way . 
 at first my client wanted her only to look like the queen , but then he insisted on the entire package , as it were . 
 appearance , personality , all of it . 
 josette absolutely believes she is marie antoinette . 
 in fact , i was doing a bit of work on her in this very regard when she became afeared and escaped from my apartments . 
 perhaps she followed me here . 
 sometimes my talents get the better of me . '' 
 he set the queen gently on the ground . 
 `` it also appears she has a light glamour on her , '' marcel added . 
 `` for mundanes , '' magnus said . 
 `` you ca n't have a woman who looks exactly like the queen passing through the streets . 
 it 's quite a light one , like a summer shawl . 
 she was not supposed to leave the house . 
 i was still working . '' 
 marcel squatted down and took the queen 's face in his hand , turning it from side to side , sometimes looking at the face itself , sometimes at the neck . 
 a long minute or two passed in which the entire assembled group waited for his next utterance . 
 `` well , '' marcel said at last , standing back up . 
 `` i must congratulate you on an excellent piece of work . '' 
 magnus had to brace himself in order that his sigh of relief would not be seen . 
 `` all of my work is excellent , but i accept your congratulations , '' he said , flicking a careless hand in marcel 's direction . 
 `` a marvel such as this , it would be such a success at one of my gatherings . 
 so i really must insist that you sell her to me . '' 
 `` sell her ? '' 
 magnus said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 marcel leaned down and traced his finger down the queen 's jawline . 
 `` yes , you must . 
 whatever your client paid you , i 'll double it . 
 but i really must have her . 
 quite stunning . 
 whatever you like , i will pay . '' 
 `` but , marcel ... '' `` now , now , magnus . '' 
 marcel slowly waggled a finger . 
 `` we all have our weaknesses , and our weaknesses must be indulged if they are to flourish . 
 i will have her . '' 
 it would n't do to imply that this fictional client was more important than marcel . 
 think . 
 he had to think . 
 and he knew that marcel was watching him think . 
 `` if you insist , '' magnus replied . 
 `` but , as i said , i was still working . 
 i just had a few finishing touches left to do . 
 she still has a few unfortunate habits left over from her previous life . 
 all of those versailles mannerisms-there are so many of them-they all had to be stitched in like fine embroidery . 
 and i had n't yet signed the work . 
 i do like to sign my work . '' 
 `` how long would this take ? '' 
 `` oh , not long at all . 
 i could bring her back tomorrow ... '' `` i would prefer she stayed here . 
 after all , how long does it take you to sign your work ? '' 
 marcel asked with a light smile . 
 `` it can take time , '' magnus said , responding with his own knowing smile . 
 `` i have an exquisite signature . '' 
 `` while i deal in used goods , i do prefer ones in pristine condition . 
 do n't be long about it . 
 henri , charles ... take madam upstairs and put her in the blue room . 
 let monsieur bane complete his signature . 
 we are looking forward to seeing the final product shortly . '' 
 `` of course , '' magnus said . 
 slowly he followed the prostrate queen and the darklings back inside . 
 after henri and charles put the queen on the bed , magnus locked the door and slid a large wardrobe to block it . 
 then he threw open the shutters . 
 the blue room was a third-floor room , a sheer drop down to the receiving courtyard . 
 that was the only way out . 
 magnus allowed himself a few moments of swearing before shaking his head and taking stock of his situation again . 
 he could probably get himself out of this , but to get both himself and the queen ... and to return the queen to axel ... he looked out the window again , to the ground below . 
 most of the vampires had gone back inside . 
 a few servants and darklings remained to greet the carriages , though . 
 down would not work , but up ... up , in a balloon , for instance . 
 magnus was certain of one thing-this work was going to be very difficult . 
 the balloon itself was on the other side of paris . 
 he reached out with his mind and found what he was looking for . 
 it was rolled up still , in the gazebo in the bois de boulogne . 
 he rolled it to the grass , he willed it to inflate , glamoured it invisible , and then he lifted it from the ground . 
 he felt it lift , and he guided it up , over the trees of the park , over the houses and the streets , carefully avoiding the spires of the churches and cathedrals , over the river . 
 it was strongly buoyant and was pulled easily by the wind . 
 it wanted to go straight up into the sky , but magnus held on . 
 at some point he would run dry of power , and then he would lose consciousness . 
 he could only hope that this would happen late enough in the process , but there was really no telling . 
 as the balloon drew nearer , he did his best to glamour it completely , making it invisible to even the vampires just below . 
 he watched it come to the window , and as carefully as he could , he guided it close . 
 he leaned out as far as he could and caught hold of it . 
 the basket had a small door , which he managed to get open . 
 when one steals a flying balloon and animates it to fly over paris , one should , ideally , have some idea how said balloon normally works . 
 magnus had never been interested in the mechanics of the balloon-his only interest was that the mundanes could now fly in a colorful piece of silk . 
 so when he discovered that the basket contained a fire , he was dismayed . 
 also , the queen herself was probably not heavy , but her dress-and whatever she had concealed or sewn into the dress for her escape-certainly was , and magnus had no energy to spare . 
 he snapped his fingers , and the queen woke . 
 just in time he drew a finger across her lips and silenced the scream that was about to come from her mouth . 
 `` your majesty , '' he said , the exhaustion weighing his voice . 
 `` there is no time to explain , and no time for introductions . 
 what i need you to do is-as quickly as possible-step out of that window . 
 you can not see it , but there is something out there that will catch you . 
 but we must be quick . '' 
 the queen opened her mouth and , finding that she could not speak , began to run around the room , picking up objects and hurling them at magnus . 
 magnus cringed as vases hit the wall next to him . 
 he managed to lash the balloon to the window with the curtain and grabbed the queen . 
 she began to pummel magnus . 
 her fists were small and she was clearly unused to this sort of activity , but her blows were not entirely ineffective . 
 he had very little strength left , and she seemed to be running on raw fear , which quicksilvered her veins . 
 `` your majesty , '' he hissed . 
 `` you must stop . 
 you must listen to me . 
 axel - '' on the word `` axel , '' she froze . 
 this was all he needed . 
 he shoved her backward out the window . 
 the balloon , bumped back by the force , shifted a foot or so away from the window-so she landed half in , half out . 
 she hung there , terrified and grasping at something she could feel but not see , her slippered feet kicking into the air and smacking into the side of the building . 
 magnus had to accept a few flurried kicks in the chest and face before he was able to roll her over into the basket . 
 her skirts tumbled over her head , and the queen of france was reduced to a pile of cloth and two flailing legs . 
 he jumped into the basket himself , closed the basket door , and released the hold on the basket with a deep sigh . 
 the balloon went straight up , shooting above the rooftops . 
 the queen had managed to flip herself over and scramble to her knees . 
 she touched the basket , her eyes wide with a childlike wonder . 
 she drew herself up slowly and peered over the side of the basket , took one look at the view below , and fainted dead away . 
 `` someday , '' magnus said , looking at the crumpled royal person at his feet , `` i must write my memoirs . '' 
 this was not the balloon ride magnus had hoped for . 
 for a start , the balloon was low and suicidally slow , and seemed to like nothing more than dropping suddenly onto roofs and chimneys . 
 the queen was shifting and groaning on the floor of the basket , causing it to sway back and forth in a nausea-inducing way . 
 an owl made a sudden assault . 
 and the sky was dark , so dark that magnus had largely no idea where he was going . 
 the queen moaned a bit and lifted her head . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she asked weakly . 
 `` a friend of a friend , '' magnus replied . 
 `` what are we - '' `` it 's best if you do n't ask , your majesty . 
 you really do n't want the answer . 
 and i think we 're being blown south , which is the completely wrong direction . '' 
 `` axel ... '' `` yes . '' 
 magnus leaned over and tried to make out the streets below . 
 `` yes , axel ... but here 's a question ... if you were trying to find , say , the seine , where would you look ? '' 
 the queen put her head back down . 
 he managed to find enough strength to restore the glamour on the balloon , rendering it invisible to the mundanes . 
 he did not have the energy to completely glamour himself in the process , so some people were treated to the view of magnus 's upper half sailing past their third-story window in the dark . 
 some people did n't spare the candles , and he got one or two very interesting views . 
 eventually he caught sight of a shop he knew . 
 he pulled the balloon down the street , until more and more looked familiar , and then he caught sight of notre dame . 
 now the question was ... where to put the balloon down ? 
 you could n't just land a balloon in the middle of paris . 
 even an invisible one . 
 paris was just too ... spiky . 
 there was only one thing for it , and magnus already hated it . 
 `` your majesty , '' he said , prodding the queen with his foot . 
 `` your majesty , you must wake up . '' 
 the queen stirred again . 
 `` now , '' magnus said , `` you wo n't like what i am about to say , but trust me when i say it is the best of several terrible alternatives ... . '' 
 `` axel ... . '' 
 `` yes . 
 now , in a minute we are going to land in the seine - '' `` what ? '' 
 `` and it would be very good if you perhaps held your nose . 
 and i 'm guessing your dress is full of jewels , so ... '' the balloon was dropping fast , and the water was coming up . 
 magnus carefully navigated them to a spot between two bridges . 
 `` you may get - '' the balloon simply dropped like a stone . 
 the fire went out , and the silk immediately came down on magnus and the queen . 
 magnus was almost out of strength , but he managed to find enough to rend the silk in two so it did n't trap them . 
 he swam on his own power , pulling her under his arm to the bank . 
 they were , as he 'd hoped , quite close to the tuileries and its dock . 
 he got her over to the steps and threw her down . 
 `` stay here , '' he said , dripping wet and panting . 
 but the queen was unconscious again . 
 magnus envied her . 
 he trudged up the steps and back up onto the streets of paris . 
 axel would probably have been circling the area . 
 they had agreed that if anything went wrong , magnus was to send a blue flash into the sky , like a firework . 
 he did it . 
 then he sank to the ground and waited . 
 about fifteen minutes later a carriage pulled up-not the simple , plain one from before but a massive one , in black and green and yellow . 
 one that could easily carry half a dozen or more people for several days , in the grandest of possible styles . 
 axel hopped down from the driver 's seat and rushed to magnus . 
 `` where is she ? 
 why are you wet ? 
 what has happened ? '' 
 `` she 's fine , '' magnus said , putting up a hand . 
 `` this is the carriage ? 
 a berline de voyage ? '' 
 `` yes , '' von fersen said . 
 `` their majesties insist . 
 and it would be unseemly for them to arrive in something less grand . '' 
 `` and impossible not to be noticed ! '' 
 for the first time von fersen looked uncomfortable . 
 he had clearly hated this idea and had fought it . 
 `` yes , well ... this is the carriage . 
 but ... '' `` she 's on the steps . 
 we had to land in the river . '' 
 `` land ? '' 
 `` it 's a long story , '' magnus said . 
 `` let 's just say things got complicated . 
 but she is alive . '' 
 axel got to his knees in front of magnus . 
 `` you will never be forgotten for this , '' axel said in a low voice . 
 `` france will remember . 
 sweden will remember . '' 
 `` i do n't care if france or sweden remembers . 
 i care if you remember . '' 
 magnus was genuinely shocked when it was axel who instigated the kiss-how sudden it was , how passionate , how all of paris , and all the vampires , and the seine and the balloon and everything fell away and it was just the two of them for one moment . 
 one perfect moment . 
 and it was magnus who broke it . 
 `` go , '' he whispered . 
 `` i need you to be safe . 
 go . '' 
 axel nodded , looking a bit shocked at his own action , and ran to the dock steps . 
 magnus got up , and with one last look started to walk . 
 going home was not an option . 
 saint cloud 's vampires were probably at his apartments right now . 
 he had to get inside until dawn . 
 he spent the night at the petite maison of madame de -- , one of his more recent lovers . 
 at dawn he returned to his apartments . 
 the front door was ajar . 
 he made his way inside cautiously . 
 `` claude ! '' 
 he called , carefully staying in the pool of sunlight by the door . 
 `` marie ! 
 ragnor ! '' 
 `` they are not here , monsieur , '' said a voice . 
 henri . 
 of course . 
 he was sitting on the staircase . 
 `` did you hurt them ? '' 
 `` we took the ones called claude and marie . 
 i do n't know who ragnor is . '' 
 `` did you hurt them ? '' 
 magnus said again . 
 `` they are beyond hurt now . 
 my master asked me to send his compliments . 
 he said they made for excellent feasting . '' 
 magnus felt sick . 
 marie and claude had been good to him , and now ... `` master would like very much to see you , '' henri said . 
 `` why do n't we go there together , now , and you can speak when he wakes this evening . '' 
 `` i think i 'll decline the invitation , '' magnus said . 
 `` if you do , i think you will find paris a most inhospitable place to live . 
 and who is that new gentleman of yours ? 
 we 'll find his name eventually . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 henri stood , and tried to look menacing , but he was a mundane , a darkling of seventeen . 
 `` what i think , little darkling , '' magnus said , stepping closer , `` is that you forget who you 're dealing with . '' 
 magnus allowed some blue sparks to flick between his fingers . 
 henri backed up a step . 
 `` go home and tell your master that i 've gotten his message . 
 i have given offense that i did not mean to give . 
 i will leave paris at once . 
 the matter can be considered closed . 
 i accept my punishment . '' 
 he stepped away from the door and extended his arm , indicating that henri should exit . 
 as he 'd expected , everything was a shambles-furniture overturned , burn marks up the walls , art missing , books shredded . 
 in his bedchamber wine had been poured onto his bed and his clothes ... . 
 at least he thought it was wine . 
 magnus did n't take long to pick through the wreckage . 
 with the flick of his hand , the marble fireplace moved away from the wall . 
 he retrieved a sack heavy with louis d'or , a thick roll of assignats , and a collection of wonderful rings in citrine , jade , ruby , and one magnificent blue topaz . 
 this was his insurance policy , should the revolutionaries have raided his house . 
 vampires , revolutionaries ... it was all the same now . 
 the rings went on his fingers , the assignats into his coat , and the louis d'or into a handsome leather satchel , which had also been stored inside the wall for this very purpose . 
 he reached back farther into the opening and produced one last item-the gray book , bound in green velvet . 
 this he carefully placed in the satchel . 
 he heard a tiny noise behind him , and ragnor crawled out from under the bed . 
 `` my little friend , '' magnus said , picking up the frightened monkey . 
 `` at least you survived . 
 come . 
 we 'll go together . '' 
 when magnus heard the news , he was high in the alps , resting by a stream , crushing some edelweiss under his thumb . 
 magnus had tried to avoid all things french for weeks-french people , french food , french news . 
 he had given himself over to pork and pounded veal , thermal bathing , and reading . 
 for most of this time he had passed his days alone-with little ragnor-and in the quiet . 
 but just that morning an escaped nobleman from dijon had come to stay at the inn where magnus was living . 
 he looked like a man who liked to talk at length , and magnus was in no mood for such company , so he 'd gone to sit by the stream . 
 he was not surprised when the man followed him there . 
 `` you ! 
 monsieur ! '' 
 he called to magnus as he puffed and huffed up the hillside . 
 magnus flicked some edelweiss from his fingernail . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` the innkeeper says you recently came from paris , monsieur ! 
 are you my countryman ? '' 
 magnus wore a light glamour at the inn , so he could pass as a random noble french refugee , one of hundreds that were flowing over the border . 
 `` i came from paris , '' magnus said noncommittally . 
 `` and you have a monkey ? '' 
 ragnor was scampering around . 
 he had taken to the alps extremely well . 
 `` ah , monsieur , i am so glad to find you ! 
 for weeks i have not spoken to anyone from my land . '' 
 he wrung his hands together . 
 `` i hardly know what to think or do these days . 
 such terrible times ! 
 such horrors ! 
 you have heard about the king and queen , no doubt ? '' 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 magnus said , keeping his face impassive . 
 `` their majesties , god protect them ! 
 they tried to escape paris ! 
 they made it as far as the town of varennes , where it is said a postal worker recognized the king . 
 they were captured and sent back to paris . 
 oh , terrible times ! '' 
 without a word magnus got up , scooped up ragnor , and returned to the inn . 
 he had not wanted to think of this matter . 
 in his mind axel and the family had been safe . 
 that was how he 'd needed it to be . 
 but now . 
 he paced his room , and finally wrote a letter to axel 's address in paris . 
 then he waited for the reply . 
 it took three weeks , and came in an unfamiliar hand , from sweden . 
 monsieur , axel wishes you to know he is well , and returns the depth of feeling . 
 the king and queen , as you know , are now imprisoned in paris . 
 axel has been moved to vienna to plead their case to the emperor , but i fear he is determined to return to paris , at the risk of his life . 
 monsieur , as axel seems to hold you in high esteem , wo n't you please write to him and discourage this enterprise ? 
 he is my beloved brother , and i worry for him constantly . 
 there was an address in vienna given , and the note was signed simply `` sophie . '' 
 axel would return to paris . 
 of that , magnus was sure . 
 vampires , fey folk , werewolves , shadowhunters , and demons-these things made sense to magnus . 
 but the mundane world-it seemed to have no pattern , no form . 
 their quicksilver politics . 
 their short lives ... magnus thought once again of the blue-eyed man standing in his parlor . 
 then he lit a match and burned the note . 
