 i 'm not the crying type . 
 i 've been through too much in my life to go bawling every time something shitty happens . 
 i cried when my dad died a few years ago , and i cried when my dog died when i was thirteen . 
 not much else in between , mainly because everything else in my life just kept coming , one thing after another , and if i started crying , i 'd never have stopped . 
 i sobbed all the way from new york to detroit . 
 i did it quietly , face to the window . 
 my seat mate , an older woman with salt and pepper hair and a ridiculously adorable button nose , asked me what was wrong , but i just shrugged and kept my face to the window , watching the clouds pass by . 
 she sighed and muttered something rude , then went back to her issue of people . 
 i was n't sure exactly what i was going to do in detroit . 
 i knew i had to face jeff , but i could n't bear the thought of doing so right away . 
 i knew i 'd hurt him badly . 
 i knew he 'd be pissed when i finally got the balls to talk to him . 
 knowing jeff , he would n't have a lot to say , but his thick , tense silence would speak volumes . 
 when my plane landed , i had no one to pick me up . 
 my mom lived in flint , and we did n't get along . 
 jeff was part of my problems . 
 the only choice left was jamie . 
 she showed up an hour and a half after i landed . 
 i spent most of that time in a little bar , nursing a margarita and attempting to get a hold of my crazed emotions . 
 a part of me wanted to fly straight back to new york and punch chase in the face . 
 another part wanted to give him a chance to explain . 
 the third part of me wanted to run to jeff and beg him to take me back . 
 the fourth and , at that moment , the strongest part wanted to just forget both of them and bury my head in the sand . 
 being pulled in four different directions emotionally is confusing and exhausting . 
 jamie is really my only friend aside from jeff . 
 we 've been roommates for nearly three years now , through two moves , several tragedies between the two of us , and innumerable break-ups , mostly on her end . 
 she 's a serial dater . 
 she 's the girl who has a new boyfriend every few weeks or months , but nothing is ever serious and she rarely ever gets truly emotional about breaking up with them . 
 they 're just hook-ups for her . 
 i 've never understood how she can go from guy to guy and not get attached . 
 she claims they 're fun for a while , but then she gets bored . 
 i 'm not that type . 
 i get attached . 
 my thing with chase should 've been just a fling : fun for a while , then over . 
 i should n't have been devastated when i found him in the alley with those girls . 
 but i was . 
 i felt betrayed and confused . 
 and now , with a couple thousand miles between us , i realized i 'd been stupid to think it ever could have been anything for chase but what it was : a fun distraction . 
 he talked a good game , made it seem like he realy cared , like it meant something to him . 
 he was a rock star , and i was his flavor of the week . 
 i 'd turned my phone on to cal jamie , after having turned it off in the airport so i would n't hear chase 's deluge of texts and calls trying to explain away his bullshit . 
 i scrolled through the missed call log : he 'd called me eighteen times and left ten voicemails . 
 i dialed my voicemail and started hitting the `` seven '' button : delete , delete , delete . 
 i could n't help hearing snatches of the messages : `` anna , i know what you think you saw , but please , give me a chance to explain . 
 it was n't - '' delete . 
 `` goddammit , anna . 
 you have to listen . 
 please answer the phone - '' delete . 
 `` seriously , anna . 
 it 's not what you thought . 
 i swear - '' delete . 
 `` anna , for fuck 's sake - '' delete . 
 `` anna , this is the last message i 'll leave . 
 you 're not answering , and your phone 's going straight to voicemail , so i 'm guessing you 're not even listening to these . 
 you 're making a mistake . 
 this is all a misunderstanding . 
 i did n't do anything with those girls . 
 they threw themselves at me . 
 i would never ... i care about you ... i lo - '' delete . 
 oh , yeah . 
 he went there . 
 i was shaking with rage , standing at the curb waiting for jamie 's battered blue buick lesabre . 
 he wanted me to believe it was all them ? 
 horseshit . 
 i wanted to throw the phone across the road and watch it smash , but i did n't , because i could n't afford a new one . 
 i deleted his twenty-three texts unread . 
 i had one message that i had n't read yet . 
 i 'd seen the unread mail icon but ignored it while i was in new york . 
 it was n't a text ; it was an email . 
 from jeff . 
 anna : i do n't blame you for going to new york . 
 seriously . 
 i get it . 
 i 'm not saying i like it , or that i 'm not hurt , but i get it . 
 just be smart , okay ? 
 do n't let yourself get hurt . 
 i do n't know this chase fella , and i 'm not going to butt into your business , when you clearly do n't want me in it . 
 just be careful . 
 i do n't know what i 'm trying to say . 
 here 's my point . 
 i 'm your friend , aside from anything else . 
 if things do n't work out for you , or if they do , i 'll still be your friend . 
 i ca n't guarantee anything else , but at the very least , i 'll be your friend . 
 and your business partner . 
 i guess that 's all . 
 jeff it was dated the day i left for new york . 
 it made my eyes burn . 
 i 'd gotten my crying jag under control , but reading jeff 's email made tears prick my red and burning eyes all over again . 
 stupid jeff . 
 he should be pissed off . 
 he should be too angry to want to see me ever again . 
 he had to know why i went to new york , what i was doing with chase . 
 he 'd admitted in his roundabout jeff sort of way to being hurt ; for him to admit that in writing meant he was very deeply wounded . 
 but he was stil wil ing to be my friend and business partner ? 
 how the hell was that possible ? 
 if he 'd done that to me , i 'd never have spoken to him again . 
 he was a better person than i , apparently . 
 the racketing roar of a car without a muffler disrupted my thoughts . 
 jamie 's lesabre pulled up next to me . 
 the trunk popped , and jamie hopped out . 
 she was a few inches shorter than me , making her not quite five-seven , and she was built a bit more wil owy and svelte than me , which always made me jealous . 
 she wore most of her weight in her h * ps and br ** sts , which were more than ample . 
 she often talked , only halfway joking , about getting a breast reduction , if only to save her some back pain . 
 she was a natural redhead , pure irish orange-copper locks fal ing past her shoulders in absurdly perfect waves , and pale cornflower-blue eyes , freckles , the whole nine yards . 
 when i said she was willowy and svelte , that was relatively speaking . 
 she 's stil what most people would cal `` plus-size . '' 
 which is why she 's my best friend . 
 we understand each other . 
 we tel each other , when life hands us pain due to the fact that we 're not diet-obsessed stick figures , that god just gave us an extra portion of awesomeness . 
 and then we watch breakfast at tiffany 's and share a pint of ben and jerry 's , washed down with a bottle of wine . 
 in this moment , with chase in new york and jeff shoved aside until i had the courage to face him , jamie was the only person i could stomach . 
 she was my only real family , and the one person who 'd understand what i needed in that moment : cupcakes and alcohol . 
 she had a six-pack of tim horton 's muffins -lrb- three left -rrb- and a grande skinny mocha waiting for me . 
 yeah , she 's that kind of friend . 
 `` i honestly did n't expect you to come back , '' jamie said as i slid into the passenger seat . 
 the engine roared , and i held onto my mocha with one hand and the oh-shit bar with the other . 
 jamie is an ... exuberant driver . 
 `` i 'm not sure i did , either , '' i answered , unwrapping the low-fat blueberry muffin . 
 `` so what the hell happened ? '' 
 i ate the muffin and thought about how much to tell jamie . 
 `` everything happened , '' i answered , after a few bites . 
 `` he took me backstage for a couple shows , which was awesome . 
 we hung out a lot , which was also awesome . 
 and then i caught him with some groupies in an alley . 
 which was not awesome . '' 
 jamie frowned at my spark 's notes version of events . 
 `` come on , anna . 
 spill . 
 do n't be selfish with the gossip . '' 
 i rol ed my eyes . 
 `` it 's not gossip , jay . 
 it 's my life . 
 and it hurt . '' 
 jamie backhanded my shoulder . 
 `` i know . 
 we can get to the hurt later . 
 for now , tell me the good stuff . 
 is he good in bed ? '' 
 i realized i had n't really talked to jamie about chase at all since i 'd met him . 
 `` he 's ... god , where do i start ? '' 
 i closed my eyes and grabbed the oh-shit bar as jamie merged onto the freeway . 
 when we were cruising at a relatively tame eighty-five , i started talking again . 
 `` chase is a rock star in every sense of the word . 
 nothing i 've ever done , with anyone , can even remotely compare to chase in bed . '' 
 `` is he big ? '' 
 i choked on my muffin . 
 `` i did n't exactly measure , jay , but yes , he is . 
 and that 's all i 'll say . 
 a girl 's got ta have some secrets . '' 
 `` not from your best friend , you do n't . 
 but seriously , if he 's that good , why come home ? '' 
 `` i told you , i found him porking some chicks in an alley . '' 
 jamie frowned . 
 `` are you sure ? 
 if he 's as hot as you claim , which i would n't know because you would n't introduce me , then girls would be throwing themselves at him , right ? 
 so maybe it was n't how it looked . 
 did you give him a chance to explain ? '' 
 i ignored the niggling worm of doubt in my gut . 
 `` i did n't need to . 
 i know what i saw . '' 
 jamie looked at me , and it was n't a look i liked . 
 `` so you just left ? 
 you just got on a plane and left , without listening to anything he had to say ? 
 nothing ? '' 
 `` whose side are you on ? '' 
 i suddenly was n't interested in the other two muffins . 
 `` i 'm on yours , which is why i 'm pissed off . 
 you should have at least given him a chance . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes at me , as if coming to a realization . 
 `` you ran because you like him . 
 right ? 
 it was n't just the girls . 
 that was an excuse . 
 you have feelings for him . '' 
 `` feelings '' was a swear word in jamie 's dictionary . 
 feelings led to pain , which she 'd had enough of in her life . 
 just like me . 
 `` i flew to new york on a whim to see him , jamie . 
 yes , i have feelings for him . '' 
 jamie gave me an exasperated look . 
 `` no , dumbass . 
 you like him , like him . 
 meaning , you 're worried you 're falling in love with him , so you bolted . '' 
 the guardrail out my window was suddenly interesting . 
 `` no . 
 that 's not it . '' 
 jamie shrieked , `` it is ! 
 you love him . 
 but you 're chicken . '' 
 i rounded on her , pissed off now . 
 `` and you would n't be ? 
 if you found yourself falling in love with a guy way out of your league , you 'd be shitting yourself , too , and you know it . '' 
 `` true . 
 but i 'd be honest about it . '' 
 `` and i 'm not ? '' 
 jamie did n't answer right away , tongue poking out the side of her mouth as she focused on weaving around a train of slow-going semis . 
 when i could breathe again , and she had decelerated down to ninety , she gave me a serious look . 
 `` no , you 're not . 
 you ran without telling him what you were feeling . 
 let 's just say , just for argument 's sake , that you 're wrong about what you saw . 
 and let 's say he invited you to new york because maybe , just maybe , he has feelings for you , too . 
 and then some girls jumped him in the alley , and you walked out and saw something incriminating , and left without so much as a how-de-do . 
 how would he feel , do you think ? '' 
 my stomach clenched . 
 `` who the hell are you , and what did you do with my best friend ? 
 because it sure as hell sounds like you 're advocating a real relationship with actual feelings here . '' 
 jamie kept her eyes on the road , both hands clenched on the steering wheel . 
 i 'd never seen jamie use both hands to drive . 
 she always had one hand on the gear shifter , even though her car was automatic . 
 `` listen , anna . 
 i know i 'm like the all-time queen of humping and dumping guys . 
 i act all ` fuck feelings ' and whatever , and that 's true enough . 
 i mean , it 's not an act . 
 but , deep down , when i 'm doing the walk of shame to my car at three a.m. , i do wonder what it would be like to really have a guy care about me . 
 like , want me , and want me to stay over . '' 
 she gave me long , sad look . 
 `` i find myself wondering what it would be like to have a guy want me for me , not just because i 'm easy , you know ? '' 
 `` you 're not easy , jay - '' `` i am , too . 
 i am and i like it that way . 
 usually . 
 but sometimes , i wish a guy would see past the tits and ass . 
 the problem is , i do n't let them , because it keeps the ones who might feel something at bay . '' 
 `` you 've really thought about this , have n't you ? '' 
 she nodded , rubbing across her cheek with a forefinger . 
 almost like she was crying , which was absurd . 
 jamie did n't cry . 
 `` yeah , of course . 
 more than i 'd ever admit to . '' 
 she looked at me , let me see the diamonds glittering in her eyes . 
 `` i 'm just saying , anna , if chase was for real , then ... i do n't know . 
 maybe you should have given him a chance . '' 
 it was hard to breathe for a few minutes . 
 this was the deepest jamie had ever let me see into who she really was . 
 i mean , best friends , yeah , but deepest , darkest , most vulnerable secrets ? 
 not usually . 
 `` it was more than that , jay . '' 
 i picked at the fraying seam threads of her leather seats between my thighs . 
 `` i was confused . '' 
 `` confused ? 
 by what ? '' 
 `` i think ... i thought - '' `` spit it out , sister . '' 
 i took a deep breath and said what i 'd been worried about for days . 
 `` i have feelings for jeff , too . '' 
 `` shit on a shingle . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 i pulled my hair out of the ponytail and ran my fingers through it . 
 `` i think they both have feelings for me , too . 
 or ... did . 
 after leaving jeff like i did , i 'm not sure where that stands . 
 i really made a mess of things . '' 
 jamie took my hand and squeezed it . 
 `` when you said no one could compare to chase in bed ... '' i shook my head . 
 `` they 're completely different . 
 i do n't know how to think about them at the same time , you know ? 
 it 's like trying to compare apples and cheese . '' 
 `` apples and cheese go great together ... '' jamie winked at me . 
 `` oh , hell no . '' 
 `` it 's never even crossed your mind ? '' 
 `` both of them at the same time ? '' 
 i looked at her with horror . 
 `` you should know me better than that . 
 i would never , could never , with anyone . 
 much less two men i care for . 
 i do n't know how you could do that and then look at either guy the same way again . '' 
 `` you 'd be surprised , '' jamie said . 
 `` you mean , you - ? '' 
 `` anyway , '' jamie said , a little too loudly , `` if they 're so different , then it should make it easier to decide , right ? 
 just pick the one you like sleeping with more . '' 
 `` i wish it was that simple , '' i said . 
 `` i do n't know how to explain it . 
 chase is wild . 
 we do crazy things . 
 like ... whoa . 
 but jeff ? 
 jeff is just slow and sweet and ... '' jamie raised an eyebrow . 
 `` keep going . 
 tell me about wild and crazy . '' 
 `` like , in the bathroom of a bar . 
 and in a changing room . 
 tied up . 
 blindfolded . '' 
 `` no f ** king way . 
 blindfolded ? '' 
 jamie grinned at me , incredulous . 
 `` i 've done it in public places before , no problem . 
 fun and risky , but whatever . 
 old news , and gets uncomfortable , just like in cars . 
 but , seriously ? 
 blindfolded ? 
 tied up ? 
 tel me about it ! 
 what 's it like ? '' 
 `` intense . 
 tied up requires serious trust . 
 even if you have a safeword , you have to trust him to listen if you use it . 
 but god , is it hot . 
 you have no idea what he 's going to do next . 
 you ca n't do anything back to him , you just have to lie there and let him do whatever he wants . 
 he can make you wait for hours , if he has the patience . 
 blindfolded is different . 
 without sight , everything else is more vivid . 
 smell , hearing , touch ... '' jamie moaned and slid down low in her seat . 
 `` okay , enough . 
 you 're making me horny and jealous . 
 i do n't have anyone i trust enough to do that with . 
 sounds incredible . '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 `` soooo ... what 's the problem ? '' 
 `` i did n't say there was a problem . 
 i had no idea it could be like that . 
 just no clue . '' 
 `` so , then , what about jeff ? '' 
 i did n't answer for a long time . 
 `` with jeff it 's not as ... exciting . 
 like , not as wild and unpredictable . 
 but he 's amazing , in his own way . 
 it does n't need to be crazy to be just completely satisfying , on a soul-deep level . 
 he takes me places , emotionally and physically , where i did n't know two people could go together . 
 it 's just a totally different experience . 
 i 'm not sure i can describe it . '' 
 jamie was silent for awhile . 
 `` so you have two amazing guys . 
 both have feelings for you , and you have feelings for both of them , but they 're totally different . '' 
 `` basically . 
 and i 've messed it up with both of them . 
 i mean , i 'm not sold on chase being innocent . 
 but if he is ... ? '' 
 `` all you can do is make the best choice you can and try to fix things with whichever one you pick . '' 
 `` it 's a shitty choice . 
 whatever i do , someone gets hurt . 
 and with jeff , i 'm not sure there 's any picking left . 
 i ran to new york to f ** k chase less than forty-eight hours after sleeping with jeff . 
 how does that not make me some kind of slut ? '' 
 `` beating yourself up wo n't help . 
 and it was n't like that . '' 
 `` no ? 
 how was it then ? 
 i get a letter with a plane ticket . 
 all the letter said was , ' i need to see you . ' 
 and i just went . 
 left jeff just when things were getting interesting . 
 `` by which you mean an emotional connection was starting ? '' 
 jamie said . 
 `` yeah , basically . 
 i mean , with jeff , i think there always was . 
 i 've known him for so long , and we know each other on a completely different level , you know ? 
 jeff was my business partner , and besides you , my best and only other friend . 
 sleeping with him did n't change our friendship , really . 
 it just ... deepened it . 
 at least , until i left . 
 i do n't know if there 's anything left to go back to . 
 he did send me an email saying he 'd stil be my friend , but i do n't know how far that goes . 
 i really hurt him . '' 
 jamie bit her lip . 
 `` he said that ? 
 in an email ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 he sent it just after i left detroit . 
 i did n't see it until just now , though . 
 i never really used my phone in new york . '' 
 `` if he said that , that he 's still your friend , then i 'm willing to bet he 's still in love with you . 
 he 'd give you a chance . 
 i know jeff well enough to know he 'd probably forgive you . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 and should he ? '' 
 `` of course he should . 
 people do shitty things . 
 you forgive them and move on . '' 
 `` is that why we never let anyone in ? 
 because we forgive and move on ? '' 
 jamie laughed . 
 `` well , people that are n't us . 
 we 're messed up . '' 
 we rode in companionable silence for a while . 
 we were nearly back to our apartment when jamie spoke up again . 
 `` so what are you going to do ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i really do n't . '' 
 `` well , do n't wait too long . 
 the longer you put it off , the harder it 'll get . '' 
 `` yeah , you 're right . '' 
 i agreed with her out loud , but inside , i was wondering if maybe i should just pretend nothing had happened . 
 get a job somewhere else , stop dj-ing so i did n't have to see jeff , and move on with my life , without either man . 
 it was the coward 's way out , but it would be easier than dealing with jeff 's hurt eyes and hard silence . 
 * * * i hid in my room for two days , then took some independent dj-ing jobs . 
 i drank too much with jamie . 
 i ignored the waning amount of texts from chase . 
 basically , i tried to pretend nothing had happened , or would happen . 
 i do n't know if jeff even knew i was back in detroit . 
 with every passing day i wanted more and more to see jeff , if only to apologize . 
 being here , in my apartment , passing places where i 'd dj-ed with him , places where we 'd had dinner before work ... it all made me realize what i 'd given up with him . 
 a week passed . 
 jamie held her tongue untill i was halfway through the second week . 
 `` anna , you 're being a coward and an idiot , '' she told me over our second bottle of two-buck chuck . 
 `` if you do n't woman up and do something besides avoid the situation , we 're gon na be fighting . 
 for real . '' 
 `` i ca n't , jay . 
 i do n't know what to do . '' 
 `` not doing anything is n't an option . 
 you 're better than this . 
 if you do n't want to be with either of them , fine . 
 i think that 's stupid , but it 's your choice . 
 if you have two men in love with you , you have to pick one of them , i 'd think . 
 it 's hard enough to get one guy to feel something for you besides ' i want to f ** k you . ' '' 
 jamie frowned at me in irritation . 
 `` girl , i 'm telling you as your friend , if you do n't do something , you 're gon na wake up one day and realize you made the biggest mistake of your life . '' 
 her eyes welled up and she looked away , downed her glass of chardonnay . 
 i suspected she was speaking from experience , but this seemed to be deeper than we 'd gone . 
 we 'd always been `` have a good time and do n't talk about the past '' kind of friends . 
 `` what was his name ? '' 
 i asked . 
 jamie did n't answer for a long time . 
 when she did , her voice was barely above a whisper . 
 `` brian . 
 we met a few months after i graduated from high school . 
 my brother had just gone to jail . 
 he 'd gotten caught after a her ** n-induced series of b and e 's . 
 mom was high all the time , dad was off with one of his hooker girlfriends . 
 i had no one . 
 no one came to my graduation , no one cared that i was valedictorian , despite not having parents who gave a shit . 
 i 'd known brian all through high school , but in an opposite sides of the same circle of friends kind of way . 
 then , one day , i was out on the tracks , smoking down , feeling sorry for myself , wondering what the hell my life meant . 
 brian showed up , just swaggering down the tracks . 
 long metal-band hair , all-black clothes , skin-tight jeans and combat boots and spiked bracelets , the whole bit . 
 he saw me smoking , sat down next to me , and we shared the j together . 
 did n't talk until it was gone . 
 `` he ... he got me . 
 had a similar home situation , and we just kind of talked about it enough to realize we were like the same person , you know ? 
 i did n't feel as alone , suddenly . 
 he turned into my best friend . 
 my only friend . 
 we were inseparable after that . 
 i think i saw him every single day for , like , a year . 
 it was just friendship at first . 
 then one day we got really high and split a forty . 
 he had his own place with a buddy who was twenty-one , bought beer all the time . 
 we lay in brian 's bed , smoking and drinking . 
 `` i do n't even remember how it happened . 
 one second we were just blazing and talking and whatever , and then we were kissing and our clothes were off , and ... it just happened . 
 you know , i always call bullshit when people say , ` oh it was accident , it just happened . ' 
 and most of the time , it is bullshit . 
 it was a choice , and you just chose not to stop it , because really , you wanted it , and the consequences did n't seem so bad in that moment . 
 but that night , with brian , it really did just happen . 
 i do n't remember there ever being any sexual tension , or flirting , or whatever . 
 it just ... happened . 
 i remember it all . 
 every sweet , incredible moment is burned into my brain forever . 
 `` it freaked me the f ** k out . 
 i 've got damage , anna . 
 you know that . 
 i 've got guy issues , and it all goes back to my dad not loving me or whatever . 
 i 've had that shit psychoanalyzed dozens of times . 
 knowing why i 've got issues does n't make 'em go away . 
 well , brian had mommy issues like i 've got daddy issues , and together , it just made things impossible . 
 he wanted to work it out , give it a try . 
 we got each other , on a fundamental , emotional level . 
 we did n't have to explain our walls and hot-button issues . 
 and the sex was great . 
 after that first time , we could n't stop , you know ? 
 we just kept f ** king every chance we got . 
 but it was never any deeper than that , as in we never talked about what our relationship was , or about our feelings . 
 well , when he finally confronted me on the issue , told me we had to either talk it out or stop seeing each other ... i bolted . 
 `` he chased after me for weeks . 
 called me , hunted me down wherever i went , told me loved me , wrote me songs . 
 i pushed him away . 
 finally he took the hint and left me alone . 
 forever . 
 and now , every day , i realize what a mistake i made . 
 i should have let him love me , should 've tried , should n't have been such a goddamned coward . 
 it 's too late , though . 
 i tried . 
 i looked for him , and i actually found him , but he 'd gotten engaged to this great girl , and he was happy and just looked at me all sad , like , ` too late , baby . 
 your loss . ' '' 
 jamie had never talked about herself that much at once in al the time i 've known her . 
 she stood up and left , went into the bathroom and stayed there for a long time . 
 crying , probably . 
 getting it out in private . 
 when she came back , her eyes were red but she was back to normal . 
 `` anyway , all that with brian is the reason i am like i am . 
 my therapist used to tel me the reason i go through guys like i do is because i 'm looking for brian , or someone like him . '' 
 `` is that why ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` pretty much . 
 i mean , do i look at every guy i go out with and ask myself if he 's like brian , or compare them to see if he matches up to brian ? 
 no , not consciously . 
 but i think down deep , subconsciously or whatever , i dismiss the guy before i 've given him a chance just because he 's not brian and never will be . 
 the problem is , brian is gone . 
 no one will ever be him . 
 someday i 'm going to have to let go of him and my idea of a guy based on him . 
 i think maybe i keep hoping some man will come along and just sweep me away , but so far , it has n't happened , and i 'm starting to wonder if it ever will . '' 
 `` let me ask you something , jay . 
 if a guy did come along who was somehow just different from all the others , would you let him sweep you away ? 
 because so far , in my experience , it 's not that easy . 
 getting swept away is scary , in reality . 
 it 's not all love stories and fairy tales . '' 
 i looked at her over the rim of my wine glass . 
 `` you do n't know what 's happening , and everything you feel is freaking intense as hell , and nothing makes any sense and it 's just ... scary . 
 it 's not like , oh , hey , hot guy who likes me , let 's go live happily ever-f ** king-after . 
 when you 're as damaged as we are , a guy tries to sweep you away and you 're like oh , hell no , i 'm running . 
 screw this . 
 i 'm gon na go back to what 's familiar . '' 
 jamie nodded . 
 `` yeah , that sounds about right . '' 
 she smiled at me . 
 `` so if you 've got that much figured out , then why have n't you done anything about jeff or chase ? '' 
 `` because i 'm scared shitless , that 's why . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` avoiding them both is easier than being rejected . 
 i hurt them , and now i do n't have the guts to ask for forgiveness . '' 
 jamie frowned , pointed at me with the index finger wrapped around her wine glass . 
 `` well , woman the hell up , chica . 
 you 've fought off guys in bars , broken cue sticks and beer bottles over the heads of drunk a ** holes , and been through more insane shit than most guys i know and come through fine . 
 well , mostly fine . 
 the point is , do n't let this own you , girl . 
 i 'm serious . 
 if you let this go , we 'll be for real fighting . 
 do n't be an idiot . 
 find jeff and apologize and beg him , on your hands and knees , to take you back . 
 or fly to new york and get chase to take you back . 
 something . 
 anything . 
 get them both here and have a threesome . 
 do n't just sit around with your head up your ass . 
 that 's the only wrong choice in this situation . '' 
 she did n't give me a chance to respond . 
 she downed her wine and wove her way unsteadily into her bedroom . 
 `` i 'm right , anna , and you know it . 
 get off your ass . 
 right now . '' 
 `` i 'm drunk right now , '' i pointed out . 
 `` well , tomorrow , then . 
 drunk is never the right time to make major life decisions . 
 talk about major life decisions , yes . 
 do something about them ? 
 not s ` much . 
 g'night , anna . '' 
 `` night . '' 
 i watched her flop onto her bed and start snoring immediately . 
 i 've always envied her ability to go right to sleep . 
 it always takes me a while , even drunk . 
 i finished my wine , set her glass and mine by the sink , turned off the lights and shut jamie 's door . 
 alone , the silence was deafening . 
 i heard jamie 's words in my head , rolling over and over : do something , anything . 
 get off your ass , girl . 
 i lay down in bed and stared at the ceiling , thinking . 
 enough running , anna . 
 no more cowardice . 
 i told myself i was going to call jeff in the morning . 
 better yet , go to his house . 
 face him in person . 
 oh , hell . 
 * * * jeff 's yukon was in his driveway , his front door was open , and i could see him through the storm door , sitting at the kitchen table in front of his laptop . 
 my stomach was in my throat , my heart pounding in my chest like a high school drum line . 
 i was in my car , willing myself to get out . 
 it was n't working . 
 my feet were planted to the floorboard , my ass rooted to the ripped cloth seat . 
 my eyes were already burning , my throat thick , my hands trembling . 
 i had no idea what i was going to say . 
 jeff 's back was to me and he had earbuds in , so he did n't see me pull up in his driveway or hear my car rattle down the street . 
 he was oblivious . 
 would he slam the door in my face ? 
 would he lead me inside and tell me he forgave me ? 
 i forced myself out of the car . 
 took a step . 
 another . 
 a third , and then i was at the door , the glass pane rattling under my trembling knuckles . 
 jeff looked over his shoulder , the pen in his mouth dropping to the floor . 
 he pulled the earbuds out of his ears and tossed them aside , closed the laptop , and moved across the smal living room . 
 he stopped in front of the door , his features schooled into neutrality . 
 no anger showed , no sadness or condemnation . 
 blank . 
 after an eternity , he opened the door , but he did n't let me in . 
 he stepped out onto the concrete slab that was his front porch . 
 my eyes were blurry and stinging for some reason . 
 i was n't crying , though . 
 really . 
 okay , so maybe i was , a little . 
 a long , fraught silence hung between us . 
 `` jeff , i-i 'm sorry . 
 i just wanted to stop by and say that i 'm back in detroit , and-i do n't know . '' 
 i could n't look at him . 
 `` that 's it , i guess . '' 
 he had n't said anything yet , had n't even changed his blank expression . 
 i turned to leave , heart heavy and cracking . 
 i felt his hand wrap around my elbow . 
 `` anna , wait . '' 
 i tried not to let hope blossom too fully in my chest . 
 `` why do n't you come in and have some coffee ? '' 
 it was two in the afternoon , but for jeff , coffee was an all-day thing . 
 leftover habit from the army , i guess . 
 i nodded and followed jeff inside . 
 i 'd only been gone a few days , but it felt like longer . 
 it felt like a lifetime . 
 i realized , as i watched his broad back retreat into the kitchen , how very much i 'd missed him . 
 had going to new york been the worst mistake of my life ? 
 it was hard not to think so , in light of my feelings of chase 's betrayal , whether he was guilty or not . 
 i sat down at the little round table , remembering breakfast here with jeff , after what had been one of the best nights of my life . 
 it had n't been wild or acrobatic or daring , just satisfying on an emotional level . 
 it was companionship . 
 i 'd left it all behind for a few days of fun that had n't panned out into more . 
 and what if it had ? 
 what if i 'd just stayed in new york with chase ? 
 he 'd be a huge rock star someday soon , traveling the world , playing shows in exotic locations . 
 it was just a matter of time . 
 would i have gone with him ? 
 stood backstage and watched every show every day for months on end ? 
 sat in hotel rooms , waiting for him to get back ? 
 attended insane after-parties like the one in new york ? 
 would any of that have fulfilled me ? 
 would he have been faithfull all that time ? 
 there were too many questions pounding in my head , and jeff was sitting across from me , a huge mug with the u.s. army logo stamped on it held in both of his hard , calloused hands . 
 `` new york did n't work out for you , huh ? '' 
 jeff asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about new york . '' 
 jeff 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` he hurt you . '' 
 a short , tense silence , in which i tried to keep my feelings bottled up inside where they belonged . 
 i could n't just dump it all on jeff . 
 `` i said i do n't want to talk about new york . 
 i came to apologize for hurting you , and that 's it . 
 i-i did n't mean to hurt you . 
 that does n't help , i guess , but i had to say it . '' 
 i sipped my coffee to buy time to think , burning my tongue . 
 `` i got your email when i got back in to detroit . 
 i do n't know how you can say you 're still my friend after the way i-after i - '' jeff interrupted . 
 `` anna , you 'll always be my friend . 
 you ca n't hurt me bad enough to kill that . 
 i care about you . 
 no matter what . '' 
 `` you 're a better person than i am , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm not sure i could do the same , if the situations were reversed . '' 
 `` i do n't buy that , '' jeff said . 
 `` you 're a good person . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 i would n't have left if i was . '' 
 `` well ... '' jeff seemed conflicted . 
 `` you did leave . 
 it did hurt . 
 but does that make you a bad person ? 
 that 's not for me to judge . '' 
 `` this is a confusing conversation . 
 i just came to apologize . 
 i 'm not ... i 'm not trying to get-to ask you to ... '' i could n't get the words out . 
 i stood up and walked to the sliding glass door , watching a robin hop across jeff 's backyard . 
 jeff was making me even more mixed up inside . 
 he seemed both deeply hurt and impossibly understanding . 
 i did n't know how to deal with either one , much less both at once . 
 `` to what ? '' 
 jeff said . 
 `` you 're not asking me to what ? 
 spit it out . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 it 's stupid to think of it , and not gon na happen . 
 i do n't deserve it , and i do n't even know if i want it . '' 
 `` say it . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i felt jeff coming up behind me , standing an inch away , his body heat radiating into me , not touching me , his breath ruffling my hair . 
 `` do n't , jeff . 
 i apologized , and now i 'm leaving . '' 
 `` you did n't apologize , '' jeff said . 
 `` just told me you were sorry . 
 that 's not an apology . '' 
 i turned around , angry now . 
 `` you want me to say the words ? 
 fine . 
 jeff , i apologize for hurting you . 
 please forgive me . '' 
 the words started out angry , irritated , but ended up as a cracked-voice sob . 
 jeff 's hands clutched my shoulders , held me at arm 's length . 
 `` i forgive you , anna . '' 
 his dark eyes pierced into mine , a welter of emotion in his gaze . 
 `` you should n't . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` of course i should . 
 friends forgive each other . '' 
 `` okay . 
 so now what ? '' 
 `` you tell me . '' 
 `` it 's not that easy , '' i said . 
 `` you ca n't just say ' i forgive you ' and have everything go back to the way it was . '' 
 `` of course not , '' jeff said . 
 `` but it 's a start . '' 
 jeff sat down at the table again and sipped his coffee . 
 i joined him , and we drank in silence . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 jeff asked . 
 `` you do n't want to know . '' 
 `` sure i do . 
 you 're my friend . 
 something happened to rile you up and send you back to detroit . '' 
 `` jeff , you really do n't want to know . 
 we 're more than friends , and you know it . 
 at least , we were . 
 i do n't know what we are now , but you do n't want to know about new york . '' 
 `` do n't tell me what i want , '' jeff growled , anger final y showing in his voice . 
 `` we were more than friends . 
 we stil are . 
 now tell me what the f ** k happened in new york . '' 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 i felt myself on the verge of exploding , and i could n't stop it . 
 `` do you want to hear that chase and i f ** ked like bunnies ? 
 that it was crazy and wild and i never wanted to stop ? 
 or do you want to hear that even when i was with him i could n't stop thinking about you ? 
 that i felt guilty with him because it felt like cheating on you ? 
 is that what you want ? '' 
 `` anna , i - '' `` or would you like me to get more detailed ? 
 do you want a play-by-play description of positions ? 
 is that it ? 
 what do you want , jeff ? 
 you ca n't honestly still want me after this , can you ? 
 what was it you said before we ever hooked up ? 
 oh , yeah , i remember . 
 you said you did n't want chase 's sloppy seconds . 
 well , i 've got news for you , jeff . 
 that 's what you 'll be getting . 
 chase 's really sloppy f ** king seconds . '' 
 jeff 's eyes wavered , angry , hurt , confused , and still pinning me to the wall with impossible understanding . 
 `` anna , now hold on , i already told you , i did n't mean that - '' i did n't let him finish yet again . 
 `` you want to know what happened ? 
 why i came back ? 
 i found chase in an alley after his show with a couple of girls al over him . 
 i bolted . 
 i did n't give him a chance to explain . 
 i just left . 
 i was on a flight home within two hours . 
 it just made me so mad . 
 it may not have been what i thought it was , because girls have a tendency of throwing themselves at chase . '' 
 i looked away . 
 `` just like i did . '' 
 `` fuck , '' jeff sighed . 
 `` the way i saw it , he threw himself at you . 
 granted , i did n't see it all , but that 's the impression i got . 
 he did n't seem like your type , to be honest . '' 
 `` my type ? '' 
 `` yeah , i mean , he 's all pretty boy rock star or whatever , and i 've never seen you go after guys like that . '' 
 `` because i never thought i was enough for a guy like him . '' 
 `` damn it , anna . 
 you 're beautiful . 
 i know you have a hard time believing that , or seeing it in yourself , but it 's true . '' 
 jeff touched my jaw , turning my gaze back to his . '' 
 i see it , anna . 
 you were always enough for me . '' 
 `` even after - '' `` yes . 
 i 'm not saying i 'm not hurt and pissed off at you . 
 i am . 
 what i 'm saying is , i 'd be willing to try , if you were . 
 if you want to give chase another chance , then i guess that 's your choice . 
 i would n't , personally . 
 i mean , even if it was n't like you thought , and he was n't really doing anything , he 'd end up doing it one day . 
 no guy can have women throw themselves at him like that and not give in sometime . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 was he serious ? 
 `` jeff , i-i do n't know . '' 
 `` you do n't have to know right now , '' jeff said . 
 `` hell , i 'm not even sure . 
 i know i care about you . 
 i know i 'm sorry you got hurt . 
 i know i 've really missed you . '' 
 `` do you feel like i betrayed you ? '' 
 jeff sighed . 
 `` yeah , kinda . '' 
 he refilled his coffee and spoke without looking at me while doctoring it . 
 `` i felt like we had a damn good thing going , and it could 've been more , could 've been even better . 
 but then that pretty boy sends you one stupid letter and you run off to him without a second thought . '' 
 he sat down and looked at me . 
 `` listen , i do understand . 
 it was one of those things where you would 've spent your whole life wondering ` what if . ' 
 you had to find out . 
 now you know , and you can move on . '' 
 `` you 're amazing , jeff . 
 i do n't know what to say . '' 
 i could n't believe he was even giving me the time of day . 
 `` i care about you . 
 i 'm not saying i ' l trust you all the way again right off the bat . 
 we 'd have to take things slow for a while , because i am stil a bit sore , you know ? 
 but you 're back , and i. . . 
 i just ca n't seem to picture my life without you in it , somehow . '' 
 i could n't help crying at that . 
 it was quiet tears , slow and burning down my face . 
 `` do n't cry , anna . 
 you 're gon na be fine . 
 we 'll be fine . 
 one day at a time , okay ? '' 
 `` i 've been back for almost two weeks , you know that ? 
 i 've spent every moment wondering what you 'd say , how you 'd react , thinking you 'd be so mad . '' 
 `` what , you think i 'd yell at you ? 
 scream and call you names ? '' 
 jeff seemed almost insulted by the thought . 
 `` well , i do n't know ! 
 all i knew was i 'd hurt you , and i did n't deserve - '' `` forget the talk about deserving . 
 we are who we are . 
 people who really love us wil do so even when we hurt them . '' 
 `` so you love - '' `` let 's go get something to eat , '' jeff interrupted . 
 `` i 'm hungry . '' 
 it was awkward at first . 
 we drove in jeff 's truck , a tense silence between us . 
 neither of us knew what we were , where we really stood . 
 we had n't settled anything , real y . 
 we 'd just sort of ... stopped talking about it . 
 what else was there to say , really , though ? 
 either things would work out , or they would n't . 
 no amount of talking would get us past what had happened . 
 the funny thing was , i realized as we sat down together at max and erma 's , we 'd both just kind of assumed we 'd try to ... not pick up where we 'd left off , but move on , be together in some way . 
 jeff did n't bring up new york or chase again . 
 he talked about some interesting dj gigs he 'd done , did a few funny impressions of a drunk guy trying to sing `` brown-eyed girl , '' which was a song he hated , even when done by van morrison , and even more so when butchered by some wasted bar patron . 
 we 'd always been comfortable together , an easy come-and-go to our conversations , silence that could stretch out for long periods of time without either of us needing to fil it with aimless chatter . 
 at first , things were stilted , hesitant , and difficult . 
 awkward at best . 
 but by the time we were done with our burgers and were sharing a brownie sundae , we were finding our old rhythms , our previous comfort . 
 once again i was struck by how long it had seemed we 'd been apart . 
 so much had changed . 
 i had changed , somehow . 
 i did n't see jeff as a given commodity . 
 that 's really the truth of it . 
 jeff had been a consistent part of my life for so long that i had taken him for granted , assumed he 'd be there no matter what . 
 and then i left for new york on a whim , and somewhere along the way i realized he might not always be there , that maybe i 'd pushed him away . 
 the thought of jeff not being in my life , of not having his quiet , steady presence to rely on , scared me . 
 he belonged in my life . 
 i could n't fathom working a gig without him to help set up . 
 could n't fathom waking up and not being able to call him , or have lunch with him . 
 he was giving me another chance , and i vowed to not mess it up . 
 * * * a little over two and a half weeks passed in which jeff and i spent a lot of time together , as just friends-albeit friends with sexual chemistry sparking at every moment , in everything we did . 
 every conversation was rife with innuendo . 
 every touch threatened to ignite an inferno between us . 
 the breaking point came during a shift dj-ing at a mexican place in lake orion two weeks later . 
 we set up , ran through the first set without a problem . 
 some good singers did their numbers , and of course , as the night went on , some drunks did the usual murder to `` sweet home alabama '' and `` margaritaville . '' 
 we took our break , ran a few more numbers , and then , as the fil music was playing between numbers , a guy maybe thirty-five or so sidled up to jeff and me . 
 he was tall , with brown hair and a goatee , a western-style shirt with pearl snap buttons and pointed breast pockets , a huge belt buckle , and cowboy boots , complete with a stetson . 
 his wife was sitting at a round high-top table , similarly decked out , but with jean skirt . 
 the gentleman leaned an elbow on the mixing board and addressed jeff . 
 `` can i make a special request ? '' 
 `` sure , '' jeff said , setting a pencil and request slip down in front of the man and pointing at the songbook . 
 `` we 've got plenty of country songs to choose from . '' 
 `` hell , no . 
 i do n't want to sing , and you do n't want me to . 
 i can guaran-damn-tee you that . 
 if i get started , i 'll clear the place in three bars flat . '' 
 `` wel , then , what can i do for you ? '' 
 jeff asked . 
 `` i want you and the lady here , '' he said , pointing at me , `` to sing a song together . 
 it 's my wife and i 's tenth anniversary today , and we 'd sure appreciate hearing our favorite song . '' 
 my wife 's and my , i mentally corrected , but did n't say out loud . 
 `` well , if we know it , we 'll sing it , '' jeff said . 
 `` we 'd like to hear ` let 's make love ' by tim mcgraw and faith hil . '' 
 jeff cast a glance at me . 
 we knew that song . 
 we 'd listened to it just the other day , trundling down a narrow dirt track road in the middle of milford , cruising and listening to music . 
 the harmony fit our voices perfectly , and then , in the car , it had been hard enough to ignore the lyrics and keep driving . 
 performing it together would be ... intense . 
 `` we know it , '' jeff answered . 
 `` we 'll sing it . 
 and congratulations . 
 ten years together . 
 that 's really awesome . '' 
 `` it takes a lot of hard work , a lot of compromise , and a lot of forgiveness , '' the man said , clapping jeff on the shoulder . 
 `` if you love her , show her . 
 that 's the real trick . 
 it takes a real man to let his feelings show to his wife . '' 
 jeff just nodded and sent the man on his way back to his table . 
 he hopped onto the high chair and flung his arm around his wife 's shoulders , nuzzling her neck and whispering something in her ear that made her giggle and swat him on the arm . 
 tapping a few commands into his laptop , jeff brought up the song track and lyrics . 
 we 'd spent a lot of time over the last few weeks converting all our old cds to digital tracks , so now we just had one laptop as opposed to several huge binders of discs . 
 jeff handed me one of the cordless mics , and we stepped out onto the stage together as the opening strains of the song came up . 
 * * * in my mind , i see the music video : black and white images , a lovely blonde woman and a rugged , handsome man in a cowboy hat and duster dancing in front of the eiffel tower . 
 the chemistry between the pair , as they dance together and begin singing , is clearly not acted , or performed , but real and genuine . 
 it makes the lyrics of the song that much more powerful . 
 jeff 's clear tenor starts in , a bit low for his register but on key and ... god , he 's never sounded better . 
 his eyes fix on mine , and his hand reaches for me . 
 sparks fly as his palm brushes across mine , our fingers tangle , and he turns to face me , no need for the prompter or the crowd-gone silent now , caught up in the moment , as i am . 
 my part comes , and i hear my voice rising up , pitch-perfect and clarion clear , and i know i 'm on , i can feel the rightness in my bones , i can feel the music boiling in my blood and the buzz of adrenaline from performing , even for the hundred or so bar patrons . 
 none of that matters , though , because it 's the song , the lyrics , the moment . 
 jeff is clutching my hand , pul ing me close , our bodies almost touching , our eyes locked as if connected . 
 i could n't look away from him if i wanted to . 
 this is beyond chemistry , beyond spark . 
 something is happening , in this moment , as i sing , as he sings , as we harmonize , as the music coils around us like serpents of visible flame , burns through us like dulcet fire . 
 they say the eyes are the window to the soul ; as we sing , those windows are flung open and our souls col ide . 
 it 's the kind of moment you never forget . 
 the song does n't end , in my memory . 
 it just keeps going , and we keep singing . 
 our hands are joined , we 're singing from one mic , the crowd is stunned , eyes are glistening . 
 the couple who requested the song , the cowboy and his wife , they 're dancing together in front of their table . 
 no one else is dancing , or even moving at al . 
 even the bartenders and the servers are paused , trays of drinks set down , pints of beer half-fil ed . 
 a few cooks are even peeking out from the doors of the kitchen . 
 the couple dances , cheeks pressed together , heads inclined a little , bodies pressed close into a hold that 's more embrace than anything else . 
 they dance slowly , swaying in gradual circles . 
 you can feel the love pouring between them , and you ca n't help but wonder what it must feel like to love someone that hard . 
 how wel must they know each other by now ? 
 ten years of every single day ? 
 ten years of conversation shared , secrets spil ed , fears faced , and love made ? 
 they must be nearly one person by now , a single whole made from two inseparable halves . 
 ten years is a long time to love someone . 
 your biological family is different , you know ? 
 they have to love you . 
 or , they 're supposed to , but they do n't always , which makes it even worse , i think . 
 but to choose someone , one man , one woman , out of the thousands and mil ions of people in the world , al the different individuals you could love , could be with , you 've chosen that one person , and you 've stuck with them for an entire decade . 
 you hear about people being married for twenty , forty , sixty years . 
 i ca n't fathom that , not in any sense . 
 ten years i can imagine . 
 i 've known jeff for six years . 
 i can see us spending another ten together , if i do n't f ** k it up . 
 our song , in reality , does end . 
 the music fades away , and jeff and i continue to hold hands . 
 our eyes are locked , mics held down by our sides . 
 the crowd is stil silent , as if waiting . 
 i 'm waiting , too , i realize . 
 i 'm holding my breath , looking up at jeff with his dark eyes glittering into mine . 
 he kisses me , a slow inevitability , lips touching in hesitant tenderness . 
 his hand drifts up to my face , cups my cheek , thumb brushing my ear , and then the hand holding the mic is wrapping around my back and holding me closer , tighter , and the kiss is going deeper , and the crowd , silent , watching us kiss , seems to know better than to even breathe . 
 * * * time stopped for that kiss , i swear . 
 time was stopped for the whole song , and that kiss was part of it . 
 when we broke apart , the crowd burst into frenzied cheering , clapping , whistling . 
 the cowboy and his wife approached us , shook jeff 's hand , and gave me a hug . 
 `` that was the best anniversary present we 've ever gotten , '' the cowboy said . 
 `` i swear , y ' all sounded just like tim and faith , if not better . '' 
 `` thanks , '' jeff said . 
 `` congratulations again . '' 
 `` no reason for congratulations , '' the wife said . 
 `` it 's just love . '' 
 the couple left then , but before they were out the door , the woman came back and leaned close to me . 
 `` that boy loves you , honey . 
 do n't let him get away . '' 
 the same thought had crossed my mind . 
 we finished the shift , energy and tension sparking between us . 
 every time our fingers touched , every time our eyes met , i saw him in the shower , nak * d body heavy with muscle and dripping with rivulets of steaming water . 
 i felt him above me in his wide , soft bed , dark eyes burning into mine as he moved , his rippling muscles pulsing his thick manhood into me . 
 it had been over a month since i left new york , and almost six weeks since that night in the hot tub . 
 that was the one moment i saw in my mind , in my dreams , more than any other . 
 jeff , his solid bulk beneath me in the boiling water , our bodies moving in synchronized splendor , heat throbbing between us , fragments of our souls merging in the cool of the night and the spark of the stars and the thrum of our united passions . 
 i wanted him , so badly . 
 we 'd waited , through some kind of unspoken agreement , putting time between us and ... al that . 
 i did n't think i could wait any longer . 
 not now , not with the incredible performance we 'd just shared , that song , those lyrics . 
 jeff seemed to feel it , too . 
 he got the equipment put away in record time , and we took our pay and left , not stopping for a drink or two like we usually did . 
 the other gigs we 'd done together in the past couple weeks , we 'd had a couple of drinks , or gone to get some late night food . 
 we had n't gone back to either of our places . 
 now , we stood by our cars , keys in hand , mere inches separating us . 
 `` thought maybe you 'd come over for a bit , '' jeff said , after a pregnant silence . 
 my lip curled in amusement . 
 `` just for a bit ? '' 
 jeff 's eyes glinted his amusement . 
 `` yeah . 
 just for a bit . 
 i need my beauty rest , you know . '' 
 `` yeah , you sure do . 
 would n't want to keep you up too late , or tire you out . '' 
 `` no , we would n't want that . '' 
 jeff pinched my chin gently between his thumb and forefinger , leaned in and kissed me . 
 it was delicate , gentle , a caress of the lips . 
 the kiss communicated so much that he had n't said in words . 
 his slow and thorough devouring of my mouth and my tongue told me he 'd forgiven me , he 'd moved on and left the past behind us . 
 his hand curling around my waist and pul ing me against him told me he wanted me , told me he desired my body . 
 `` let 's go , '' i said , `` or we wo n't be going anywhere . '' 
 jeff nodded and pecked me on the lips before getting into his yukon . 
 i think we made it back to his place in record time . 
 i do n't even remember the drive , honestly . 
 i was so caught up in my thoughts of jeff and what i wanted to do with him that i seemed to look up and find myself in his driveway . 
 he opened my car door , took my hand to help me out and to my feet . 
 he did n't let go of my hand , even to unlock the front door . 
 he reached to his left pocket with his right hand rather than let go , which was awkwardly funny enough that i laughed at him . 
 inside , jeff closed the door with his heel , then slowly turned to face me , taking my other hand in his . 
 `` i said it once before , and i 'll say it again : do n't play me , anna . 
 not again . 
 i ca n't take it again . 
 once i can forgive and forget . 
 not twice . '' 
 `` i wo n't , jeff , i promise . 
 i 'm here , and i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 `` you promise ? '' 
 `` i said so , did n't i ? '' 
 jeff squeezed my hands , his eyes serious . 
 `` say it again . 
 say , ' i promise i 'll never leave you again , jeff . ' '' 
 i took a deep breath . 
 `` i promise i 'll never leave you again , jeff . '' 
 my heart was hammering in my chest as i spoke the words . 
 i felt like i 'd crossed a line i could never uncross . 
 i 'd promised to never leave him . 
 a quiet but fierce voice in my soul told me i 'd just made a promise i could never , ever break . 
 jeff was the epitome of the strong , silent type . 
 he did n't say much , but when he did , he meant it , and you listened . 
 he did n't express his emotions much , but when he did , they were deep , rooted in his very identity . 
 if i broke this promise to him , he would n't get over it . 
 if i was to ever walk away from him , it 'd be forever . 
 he was watching me careful y. watching for hesitation , watching for regret , for some part of me being held back . 
 `` i 'm serious , jeff . 
 i wo n't . '' 
 `` better not . '' 
 he was smiling now , inching closer , dark eyes vivid in the gloom of his unlit house . 
 i closed the gap between us , pressed my body up against his . 
 he 'd hugged me since i 'd been back , but he had n't held me . 
 now , he wrapped his arms around me , snugging me into the hol ows of his body , my curves fitting into his angles as if we 'd been cut from the same puzzle . 
 i pressed my cheek to his chest , heard and felt his heart thump-thumping , smel ing the scent of jeff-sweat , cologne , something else indefinable , something that was just jeff , male and comforting-and feeling like i 'd come home . 
 `` you belong here , '' jeff murmured . 
 he did n't mean his house , and i knew it . 
 `` i 'm home , '' i said . 
 my heart was expanding , ballooning , bursting . 
 it hurt , in an odd , frightening way . 
 it was a good thing , a feeling of belonging , of being protected , but it was scary . 
 i knew i could n't go back to the way i was before this moment . 
 this was indelible , imprinted on me . 
 neither of us had spoken the words , the three words that make things like this seem so permanent , but we did n't need to . 
 it was there , writhing in the spaces between the other words , the pauses for breath when he dipped down to kiss me again , it was in the gap between his fingers as they at long last slipped under the hem of my shirt to brush my aching , waiting skin . 
 i mirrored his action , sliding my palms up his back , tracing the cords and ridges and planes of muscle . 
 this felt like our first time , in a way . 
 we were going slow , exploring , questing . 
 his lips danced down to my chin , along my jaw to just beneath my ear , and i tipped my head back , eyes closed , as he continued to plant hot , moist kisses down my throat to the hol ow at the base , just above my breastbone . 
 my palms carved around to press against the slabs of heavy muscle along his sides and stomach , up to his chest , to the hard little nubs of his n ** ples , and then his arms were above his head and his shirt was off , tossed aside . 
 i was growing impatient , wanting more , wanting all of him now . 
 an ache was starting deep in my core , throbbing between my thighs , spreading heat and the wetness of desire through my sex . 
 jeff 's hands were everywhere now , pushing my shirt over my head and unclasping my bra as his mouth trailed between my br ** sts , tongue flicking each nipple in turn as the bra fel away . 
 `` take me to bed , jeff , '' i whispered . 
 both of us topless , jeff led me to his room , left the light off so our only source of illumination was the silver wash from the gibbous moon and spattered , sparkling stars . 
 we stood for a moment in the pale square of light from the window , looking at each other , not touching or speaking , only regarding , waiting for the other to move first . 
 jeff only smiled at me , and stood waiting . 
 i unbuttoned my pants , shimmied out of them , posed for jeff in my panties , my weight on one leg , the other bent so only my toe touched the ground , crossed in front of my other leg . 
 i crossed my arms across my chest , then slid my palms under my br ** sts , lifting them , pinching my n ** ples , watching jeff 's reaction . 
 his zipper bulged out as i toyed with my br ** sts , then grew even larger when i pushed my panties off and kicked them aside . 
 jeff still had n't moved , so i continued touching myself . 
 i ran my hands down my ribs , past my belly and to the mound of my aching p ** sy . 
 jeff 's tongue ran along his lips , and now his fingers unbuttoned his jeans , and then paused . 
 i dipped my middle finger between my labia , and jeff unzipped his pants . 
 i circled my cl * t slowly until a gasp escaped ; jeff kicked his jeans aside and hooked his thumbs under the elastic of his boxer-briefs . 
 i put one hand to my breast and rol ed a nipple between my fingers , swirling two fingers around my cl * t with the other hand . 
 now jeff drew his boxers off , revealing his thick , rigid cock , straining erect and leaking pre-come , begging to be touched . 
 i was done with games , suddenly . 
 i pushed jeff backward to the bed , followed him as he crawled back to lie on his back . 
 he curled his hands around my hips , traced my curves , hefted the weight of my br ** sts , looking up at me with a frightening tenderness in his eyes along with the desire . 
 his hands continued their upward journey , his rough palm sliding along my cheek , cupping there as he lifted up to kiss me , then slowly and carefully sliding my hair out of the elastic band of my ponytail . 
 my blonde waves fel down around our faces , and now his other hand slipped down my bel y and between my thighs as i knelt above him . 
 i moaned into his mouth as we kissed , his fingers working magic , spreading fire up from my p ** sy to the rest of my body , a cli ** x rising before he 'd even entered me . 
 i reached between us with one hand to grasp his cock , our foreheads touching as i ran my fingers up and down his length . 
 i rubbed his tip in circles with my thumb , slid down to the root and massaged his bal s before caressing his length once more . 
 jeff continued to circle my cl * t with a gentle finger , pushing me up and over into orgasm . 
 i whimpered , collapsed on top of him . 
 `` take me now , jeff , please . '' 
 i guided him into me , a vocal moan fil ing the room as he penetrated deep into me , filling me . 
 `` sweet jesus , you feel so good , '' jeff said , thrusting slowly . 
 `` you feel like heaven . '' 
 my lips were crushed against his breastbone as i lifted my h * ps and slid back down his hard length , my arms against his sides , my hands on his shoulders , only our h * ps moving . 
 his hands rested on my ass , curled around the taut-flexed globes . 
 `` i 'm gon na come again , '' i moaned . 
 `` yes , come for me , anna . '' 
 jeff pulled on my ass , lifting me up and letting me fall , his body thrusting against mine . 
 i sat up straight , balancing on top of him with my hands on my thighs , riding him hard , rolling my passion-slick slit onto his c * ck with a frenzy of sighs and shrieks . 
 i came , holding myself upright with my palms planted on jeff 's chest . 
 jeff 's arms wrapped around me , pulled me down to him , and then we moved in a dizzy roll and he was above me , in me , all around me . 
 i locked my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck , clung tight to him , pressed my quivering lips to his and rocked into him , felt his turgid c * ck pushing deep into me , huge and hard and wonderful . 
 another orgasm washed through me , this one coming in waves , a crest of ecstasy thrilling through me with each thrust of his cock . 
 he was close now , his rhythm growing frantic , his thrusts harder and deeper . 
 i drove my h * ps against him to match his rhythm , to match the frenetic fury of his rising cli ** x. `` come with me , jeff , '' i said . 
 `` come hard . '' 
 jeff 's eyes flew open and met mine , his gaze blazing with intensity . 
 he plunged hard into me , paused with our h * ps flush , then pul ed out again . 
 as he drove himself into me once more , he came , flooding me , his gasp of pleasure a low-voiced growl . 
 he arched his back and thrust again , wet heat shooting into me once more , and now his forehead bumped mine and his ragged breathing echoed loud in the silver-lit room . 
 `` i love you , anna . '' 
 he whispered it into the silence between breaths , into the stil ness between thrusts , into the space between heartbeats . 
 his eyes were on mine as he said it , our bodies merged , our essences mingling , united in the flush of cli ** x. tears started in my eyes , burned as they trickled down my cheeks to drip past my jaw beneath my ear . 
 `` i lo - '' i choked back a sob . 
 `` i love you . 
 god , i love you . '' 
 saying it felt like a release . 
 i did love him . 
 i could n't imagine ever leaving him , ever being without him . 
 i felt like i 'd spent all my life waiting for him , and just never knew it , could n't see it , or understand that he was what i needed . 
 he 'd been there , too close to see . 
 we were stil moving together , roiling in the silence of soughing breaths , my tamped-down sobs of weltering emotions punctuating the rhythm of our lovemaking . 
 this was n't sex , was n't f ** king , was n't even just shared pleasure . 
 this was , finally , a true expression of joined emotions , and i knew i could n't ever match this experience , not with anyone else , not for as long as i lived . 
 jeff did n't wipe away my tears , did n't shush me , or tell me it was okay , or ask why i was crying . 
 he just kissed me tenderly , whispered my name . 
 we lay side by side , facing each other , our eyes speaking a thousand words that did n't pass our lips . 
 we fel asleep , woke up in the early dawn spooning , his erection hard against my ass . 
 i guided him in and we rocked like that , back to front , his hand on my hip , his breath on my shoulder , slow and unhurried and uncomplicatedly sensual . 
 we came at the exact same moment , and when we did , our fingers tangled across my breast , over my pounding heart . 
 we slept again , woke up past noon , and showered together , making love yet again , standing up in his shower , just like the first time . 
 * * * a few more days passed , just like that . 
 we did n't leave each other 's side for more than a few minutes . 
 we made love constantly , and the words `` i love you '' came more easily . 
 one of the few times we were apart jeff would n't tell me where he was going . 
 he left around two in the afternoon and did n't come back until almost five , and would n't answer one question , just insisted that i wait and find out . 
 his eyes shone with amusement , tel ing me i would probably enjoy the surprise , so i left off questioning him and went along with it . 
 he came home , his home-which i was starting to consider home as well-and told me to get changed , to put on a dress or skirt of some sort . 
 he stood in the doorway of the bedroom , watching me change . 
 i slipped off the stretchy yoga pants and cotton panties i 'd been wearing , as well as the t-shirt and sports bra . 
 i took my time picking my outfit , nak * d , waiting for jeff to sidle up behind me and start something , but he did n't , just watched with a smile on his face . 
 i picked a knee-length skirt and a button-down shirt , and a matching set of red lace lingerie . 
 i started to put on the panties , but jeff spoke up from the doorway . 
 `` leave 'em off . 
 go commando . 
 we 're gon na be somewhere private , so no one ' l know but me , '' he said . 
 i stared at him for a moment , considering . 
 i never went anywhere without panties on . 
 it was just ... not something i did . 
 i did n't know any girls who did go out without panties on . 
 it seemed skanky , somehow . 
 i 'm sure there were girls out there who would go to the bar with a little skirt on and no panties , but that was n't me . 
 jeff had promised we 'd be in private , though , so i went along with it , slipping the skirt up over my h * ps and zipping it . 
 it felt strange , like being nak * d . 
 when i was ful y dressed and had done a little makeup , against jeff 's protestations that i did n't need it , we left , jeff driving . 
 we drove for almost an hour , going far out into the country . 
 we eventual y came to a wide , rol ing grassy field , a huge spreading oak tree in the middle , casting long shadows in the golden light of early evening . 
 jeff pul ed the truck to a stop on the side of the narrow , empty dirt road and parked . 
 from his trunk he retrieved wicker picnic basket and a folded quilt . 
 `` we 're going on a picnic ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` yep . 
 never been on an actual , factual picnic like this before , so i thought it might be a fun change from dinner at a restaurant . 
 ` sides , it 's a beautiful evening . '' 
 i stuck my hand through his arm as we walked together across the field toward the tree . 
 `` i 've never been on a picnic like this , either , '' i said . 
 `` whose property is this ? '' 
 `` an army buddy of mine . 
 he owns several hundred acres , i think . 
 most of it is farmland , but this here is just an empty field he does n't use for much of anything . '' 
 `` does he know we 're here ? '' 
 `` nah , but he wo n't care . 
 he never comes out this way . 
 his crops are all closer to his house , ` bout a mile that way , '' jeff said , pointing off to the east . 
 we reached the tree , spread the blanket under the canopy of its branches . 
 jeff had put together an impressive spread of food , sandwiches , potato salad , pasta salad , fruit salad , key lime pie , sparkling mineral water , and a bottle of expensive champagne . 
 we ate leisurely , drinking the water . 
 i wondered about the champagne , but did n't say anything . 
 when we were both full , jeff packed the basket once more . 
 jeff lay on his back and pul ed me into his embrace , holding me close , his hand stroking my back . 
 he was wearing a white button-down , and i popped each button open until his torso was bare . 
 i spent awhile tracing the contours of his chest before i moved on to his belt , unbuckling it , unclasping his pants , unzipping them . 
 he was semi-erect , growing larger as i watched . 
 there was an oddly shaped bulge in the pocket of his pants . 
 i dismissed it , though , eager to feel his flesh firming in my hands . 
 i pushed his pants and boxers off , set them aside . 
 i climbed astride him , thankful now that he 'd had me leave my panties off . 
 i was already bare to him , completely clothed even as he speared into me , gasping and his eyes crossing , fluttering , closing . 
 my skirt billowed around our hips , covering his bel y and the joining of our bodies . 
 i wanted to feel the air and the sun on my skin , though . 
 i led jeff 's hands to my buttons , and he undid them , brushed the fabric from my shoulders and stripped off my bra , rocking into me al the while . 
 his hands brushed over my ribcage and caressed my br ** sts , squeezed them , and rolled my n ** ples in his fingers . 
 he lifted up to take a taut peak into his mouth , nipped lightly , sending jolts of electricity through me . 
 he was pounding up into me , our bodies gyrating in sync , fire blossoming between us , in the merged heat and sweat of our flesh . 
 i rocked above him , rode him to cli ** x , palms flat on his chest . 
 when i came , i screamed at the top of my lungs , shrieked his name . 
 i 'd always been fairly vocal during sex , and found it hard not to be . 
 this was the first time i 'd let myself go wild , totally uninhibited , and god ... screaming that loud made me come even harder , turned jeff into a primal beast beneath me , his fingers locked around my h * ps and driving me down onto him , harder and harder , his c * ck plunging up and lifting me clear off the ground , his roar of cli ** x every bit as loud as mine . 
 hearing him bellow as he came inside me drove me to a new orgasm , and now our voices were raised together in the golden evening light . 
 i rode him , coming , until he softened within me , and then i col apsed on top of him , still shuddering with aftershocks . 
 `` god , that was amazing , '' jeff gasped , clinging to me . 
 `` incredible , '' i agreed . 
 `` i do n't think i 've ever come so hard or so long in my life . '' 
 `` me , neither , '' jeff said . 
 silence between us then , for many long minutes , only the susurrus of the wind and the clatter of branches and the distant twitter of sparrows . 
 `` anna ? '' 
 jeff was rummaging in his pants pocket for the odd bulge i 'd noticed . 
 `` hmmm ? '' 
 he lifted up on elbow , his shirt open and draping across one of my bare br ** sts . 
 his hand was closed around the whatever-it-was . 
 my heart was hammering in my chest , thudding with a sudden rush of nerves brought on by the serious expression on jeff 's face . 
 `` i love you , anna , '' jeff started . 
 `` i love you , too - '' `` hold on , now , sweetheart . 
 let me finish . '' 
 sweetheart , he 'd cal ed me . 
 it made my heart melt and tangle more thoroughly around his . 
 `` i love you , anna , '' he started again , as if reciting something he 'd memorized . 
 `` i know this is maybe a little crazy and a little sudden , but i just know it 's right , it 's meant to be . 
 i love you too much to ever let you get away again . '' 
 i had a sudden flood of panic as i realized what he was leading up to . 
 my eyes stung and burned . 
 my breath caught , and i felt as if time had stopped . 
 the breeze , which had blowing al the time , had gone still , and the even birds were silent . 
 jeff opened his hand , showing me , yes , a black box . 
 he opened it with one hand , revealing a slim platinum band topped by a princess-cut diamond , glittering in the sun . 
 `` wil you marry me ? '' 
 shit . 
 shit shit shit . 
 i did n't know what to say , what to do , what i was even thinking or feeling . 
 tears fell unheeded , tears of joy and confusion . 
 i loved him , so much . 
 i wanted to be with him . 
 but ... this ? 
 now ? 
 `` anna ? '' 
 `` jeff , i-i love you , so much . 
 i do . 
 my heart is saying yes , but - '' `` but ? '' 
 jeff was puzzled , confused , hurting . 
 `` i 'm not saying no , jeff , i 'm not . '' 
 `` but you 're not saying yes . '' 
 `` i 'm saying , can i have some time to think ? 
 i mean , this is so sudden , so unexpected . 
 i only want to be with you , and i. . . 
 i want to say yes , but ... i just need a day or two to real y think about it . '' 
 jeff nodded slowly . 
 `` i guess i get that . 
 but you 're ... you 're not saying no ? '' 
 i shook my head and put my hands on his clean-shaven face , kissed him hard and deep . 
 `` no , jeff . 
 i 'm not saying no . 
 i just need to process it before i say yes . 
 i do n't know if that makes any sense or not , but i just - '' `` no , it does . 
 i did sorta spring this on you kind of suddenly . 
 i love you , sweetheart . 
 if you need some time to think , then that 's fine by me . 
 take whatever time you need . '' 
 not long after that , we packed up , the champagne unopened , and left . 
 jeff seemed quiet , or rather , more subdued than usual . 
 i felt bad , knowing he 'd hoped it 'd be a joyous occasion , an exuberant yes . 
 i just could n't give him that , not yet . 
 i had n't even considered him proposing , not for a long time yet . 
 we went home , and for the first time in days , we went to sleep without making love . 
 * * * we had a dj shift the next day , at , of all places , the dive . 
 the place where i 'd first met chase . 
 as we unloaded and set up , my gaze went to the alley where i 'd first touched and tasted chase . 
 a pang went through me . 
 i did n't precisely miss him , per se . 
 he 'd been vital to me feeling my own worth . 
 before him , i 'd never thought of myself as beautiful , really . 
 i 'd accepted myself , and even liked who i was , but did n't think of myself as an object of male desire . 
 chase had changed that . 
 he 'd shown me men could think i was beautiful . 
 he 'd wanted me , he 'd shown me in glorious detail what sex could and should be . 
 without him , i would n't have ever had the courage to approach jeff . 
 my thoughts were a whirlwind as we set up and started the first set . 
 jeff had proposed . 
 proposed . 
 he wanted to marry me . 
 but what if i 'd been wrong about chase ? 
 what if he 'd had real feelings for me , too ? 
 if i was being honest with myself , i 'd felt things stirring for him , which was part of the reason i 'd bolted at the first opportunity . 
 sex with chase was great , and he 'd given a priceless gift in helping me see my own power as a sexual woman . 
 what if i 'd been wrong ? 
 the thought would n't go away . 
 jeff wants to marry me . 
 why was i hesitating ? 
 i loved him . 
 i knew it , felt it as true deep inside me , in my bones and my blood , in my heart and my mind , in the core of myself as a woman , i knew i loved him . 
 what was more , i trusted jeff , completely . 
 we had a dead spot , no one signing up for songs , so i sang , to prompt some requests . 
 i did `` alone '' by heart . 
 it was a song i 'd loved pretty much my entire life , and it was something i could perform in my sleep and nail it every time . 
 i knew each note the way i knew my own face in the mirror . 
 it was comforting and familiar when al the rest of me was tumultuous , chaotic , confused . 
 i stepped outside after my song ended , caught my breath and tried to calm my jangling nerves . 
 when i went back in , jeff was cueing up a song , a strange , tight expression on his face . 
 a male figure was standing just off to the side of the stage area . 
 i did n't recognize him at first , since he 'd shaved his head and was wearing plain tight blue jeans instead of leather pants , and a tight white t-shirt instead of something flashy and rock star . 
 he turned , mic in hand . 
 chase . 
 what the hell is he doing here ? 
 my heart shot into my throat , my fists clenched , my stomach dropped away . 
 if i was confused before , there simply was n't a word for my emotions when chase 's eyes locked onto me . 
 he looked good with a shaved head . 
 it set off his eyes , the sharp contours of his gorgeous face . 
 he 'd gauged his ears and had new ink crawling up his forearm . 
 he did n't smile when he saw me , did n't walk toward me , just stared at me , hard , intense , poised . 
 the music started , the opening bars of a song i knew al too well : `` with or without you '' by u2 . 
 oh , hell . 
 god , he sounded good . 
 he sang the entire song standing sideways on the stage , pinning me in the doorway with his fiery gaze . 
 i ca n't live ... with or without you ... it was clearly a message , each word spoken directly to me . 
 he was pouring his heart out to me , telling me what was inside him . 
 by the time the song ended , i knew one thing for absolutely certain : i was n't over chase delany . 
 oh , god . 
 tears were sluicing down my face , chest heaving . 
 the song ended , the music faded , chase spotlighted on the tiny stage . 
 no one spoke , no one moved , no one even breathed . 
 everyone was waiting . 
 for what ? 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw jeff standing behind the mixer , a glass of coke in his hand . 
 chase reached into his pocket , pulled out something small and round and glinting in the dim barlight . 
 he held it up , slowly lowered himself to one knee . 
 no , no no no . 
 please no . 
 oh , god , no . 
 please do n't - chase spoke into the microphone , his eyes drilling into mine : `` anna , i know this is crazy . 
 we have n't known each other all that long , and i know we had a big misunderstanding . 
 but the thing is , i 'm in love with you . 
 i fell in love with you from the very first moment i laid eyes on you . 
 i ca n't live without you . 
 i want you to come on tour with me . 
 i want us to see the world together . 
 `` anna , will you marry me ? '' 
 the glass in jeff 's hand shattered . 
 a single sob tore from my throat . 
 i shook my head , turned , and slammed against the crash bar and out into the night . 
