 eva drummed her fingers against the desk as she stared at the computer screen . 
 her teeth worried her lower lip as her bank balance figure seemed to stare back at her accusingly-a measly two thousand dollars . 
 less than half of the month 's rent for her one-bedroom apartment in new york city . 
 she should have moved out when she lost her job , but she 'd been in denial that she would fail to find another one , and had n't wanted to lose her view of central park . 
 but now , if she did n't do something soon , she was going to lose everything . 
 glancing at the phone , she briefly considered calling her parents to ask for money . 
 her pride refused to allow her to dial the number-she 'd already asked last month . 
 she was a grown woman of twenty-three and she needed to do this herself . 
 she was just going to have to suck it up and find a job . 
 opening up another window in her browser , she began searching job board sites . 
 she made herself look through the fast food ones and even applied for some of them , but could n't help wincing at the pay rates . 
 she 'd have to take two or three if she was going to continue financing her current lifestyle . 
 disgusted , she put her head in her hands . 
 what was she doing ? 
 she used to be the assistant for the owner of a printing company . 
 not incredibly glamorous , but it paid well and the office atmosphere had been fun . 
 at least until the printing company had gone under . 
 times were hard and she 'd barely managed to scrape by living off unemployment and food stamps . 
 in order to do that she 'd had to cut down severely on spending as it was-she could n't bear to think of what else she would have to let go . 
 stiffening her resolve , she went back to google and typed in a search request for administrative jobs . 
 she could n't let this happen to her . 
 she just could n't . 
 scrolling through the lists of jobs that popped up , her heart leaped as she finally saw what she wanted : it was a personal assistant position at creative enterprises , one of the top advertising agencies in new york . 
 her eyes scanned over the job description , and nearly fell out of their sockets at the salary listed . 
 it would more than cover her requirements . 
 her eyes moved down the list of requirements and she froze -- amongst them was a bachelor 's degree in business administration and five years of experience in related positions . 
 she 'd only worked at the printing company for three years , and had never finished college . 
 a vision of her wearing a mcdonald 's uniform and handing out fries and burgers through a drive-thru window had her setting her jaw . 
 she would just have to make it work . 
 this position was perfect . 
 the agency was located on her side of town , and she knew she was more than capable of doing the tasks laid out in the job description . 
 she was n't going to let her lack of a college degree or experience get in her way . 
 taking a breath , she opened a word document and selected a resume template , then flexed her fingers over the keyboard . 
 it was time to work some magic . 
 **** `` yes , '' eva told the recruiter , barely able to keep the excitement out of her voice , `` two o'clock tomorrow is perfect for me . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 we very much look forward to seeing you . 
 i 've sent an email with the date and time and directions for your reference . '' 
 `` thank you so much . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 have a great day . '' 
 eva hung up the phone and squealed in excitement . 
 she had an interview ! 
 tomorrow afternoon she would be meeting her prospective employer and the man she would be an assistant to . 
 she was going to knock his socks off ; she had no choice . 
 rushing into her room , she began to rummage through her closet for something suitable to wear . 
 she had twenty-four hours to put together her image and presentation . 
 and she was going to do her best . 
 this mr. stone would n't know what hit him . 
 **** greyson stone sipped from his coffee mug as eva moore was ushered into his office . 
 his eyes roamed over her-thick , chestnut hair pulled back into a french twist to reveal a heart shaped face with large , almond shaped eyes , a cute little nose , and pouty lips . 
 her skin was like the breaking dawn-pale with a rosy tint , and her curvy frame was wonderfully displayed by the form-fitting black dress she wore . 
 not wanting to seem forward since he was her prospective employer , he brought his eyes up to her own . 
 the irises were amber , and he could see nerves and determination in them . 
 the first was to be expected , the second one made him sit up a little straighter in his high-backed , leather swivel chair . 
 in his experience that look was one of the marks of a good employee-it separated her as one of the ones who made a job , as opposed to ones that conformed to a job . 
 `` good afternoon . '' 
 he rose with a smile to shake her hand . 
 her fingers , with pink-painted nails , appeared dainty , but they wrapped around his hand in a firm grip . 
 he liked the feel of her soft hand in his . 
 `` you must be eva . 
 i 'm greyson stone , the ceo of creative enterprises . '' 
 those pouty lips curved into a polite smile that warmed her eyes and eased a bit of the nerves . 
 the determination still burned brightly . 
 `` nice to meet you , mr. stone . 
 thank you so much for your consideration . '' 
 `` my pleasure . '' 
 he sat and indicated with his hand for her to do the same , and it truly was . 
 the dress she wore was n't inappropriate in any way , but the ribbed bodice accentuated and lifted her bust line so that he could n't help but notice . 
 a bare millimeter of cl ** vage poked out-not enough to offend anyone 's sensibilities in this day and age , but enough to pique his interest , to make him wonder what they would look like without the black cloth shielding them from his view . 
 he took out her resume , reviewed it . 
 `` you certainly appear to be very qualified for this position , ms. moore . 
 your credentials and experience are actually quite impressive . '' 
 she smiled , but there was a flash of nerves in her eyes that made him pause . 
 `` thank you . 
 i would be more than happy to assist you in maintaining and expanding your company . '' 
 `` indeed . '' 
 leaning forward , he began to ask the usual questions they asked all interview applicants while mixing in some of his own . 
 she remained poised and confident , the hint of nerves still in her eyes but nearly outshone by that determination . 
 he decided to dismiss the nerves as a natural part of the interview-in these trying times it only seemed natural someone would be nervous in an interview , that they would misstep and lose the chance for the job . 
 the determination was what overrode her fear so that it did n't show in her posture , tone , or the way she answered his questions . 
 `` thank you very much , '' he said when it was over . 
 `` do you have any questions for me ? '' 
 she asked a few things about benefits , company protocol , etc. , and then charged right in . 
 `` how long should i expect to wait to hear back on this position ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` you 're hired . '' 
 her jaw dropped . 
 `` i am ? '' 
 she seemed to realize her reaction and modulated her voice and expression . 
 `` not that i am not grateful ... but do n't you have other applicants to consider first ? 
 i would want to ensure you are making the best choice for the company , after all . '' 
 `` i assure you that i am . 
 i 'd already made up my mind the moment you fixed eyes on me . 
 i 'd already looked at your resume before you arrived and knew you met the qualifications . 
 your determination is what impresses me . 
 i 've no doubt you will do whatever it takes to have and keep this job , and to assist me in any way required . '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 the nerves were gone from her eyes , replaced with a joy bordering on glee . 
 her lips stretched into a grin that told him she would be breaking into song and dance were he not in the room . 
 `` thank you so much , mr. stone . 
 when do i begin ? '' 
 `` tomorrow . 
 i want you here at 8:30 a.m. my retiring assistant , jada , will show you the ropes . '' 
 he rose , inviting her wordlessly to do the same , and shook her hand again . 
 `` welcome to creative enterprises , ms. moore . '' 
 `` thank you mr. stone , '' she said sincerely as she gripped his hand . 
 `` i wo n't let you down . '' 
 he watched her walk out the door , her ample h * ps swaying gently in that black dress . 
 `` hmm , i 'm sure you wo n't , '' he murmured . 
 **** eva parked her honda outside the skyscraper creative enterprises was housed in . 
 there was a bounce in her step as she traversed the pavement and entered the revolving doors , then crossed the lobby with a click of her new platform pumps against the black tile . 
 not even the elevator music could dim her smile as she rode up to the top floor to begin her workday . 
 she 'd been at the company for a week now , and was having the time of her life . 
 jada had been there for the first three days , showing her where everything was , setting her up with computer passwords and explaining her duties . 
 by the beginning of the fourth day jada had proclaimed to greyson that eva was a quick student and had taken the ropes quite well . 
 she assured them both that she was n't needed anymore , and gave eva her number and told her she could call anytime if she had questions . 
 today was monday , and marked the second day where she would be doing everything by herself . 
 she managed his schedule , brought him coffee , wrote his letters , screened his emails , took phone calls , kept his files in order , and a host of other activities . 
 it was similar to what she 'd done for the printing company-just on a larger scale . 
 she loved the feeling of being useful , of being efficient once more . 
 and she especially loved it when greyson would stop by to offer her a few words of praise , to tell her what a good job she was doing . 
 actually , she loved it whenever he talked to her at all . 
 he had a rich , deep voice that was like a velvet hand stroking down her spine . 
 his smoky grey eyes were fringed with thick , black lashes that made her heart beat faster even though there was never anything in them but polite respect . 
 occasionally she thought she 'd glimpsed something more , something that accelerated her pulse and caused her to lick her lips , but it was gone so fast she was sure she was just imagining it . 
 his ten thousand dollar suits were perfectly tailored to show off his tall , muscular body , and his thick , dark hair was a little longer than the norm-it curled to just below his jawline . 
 she often thought about running her hands through the wavy mass , then blushed whenever she caught herself thinking about it . 
 he was her boss . 
 she could n't have these feelings about him . 
 and even if he was n't her boss , she knew he 'd never be interested in her anyway . 
 his was the type with tall , skinny models on his arm . 
 there was no reason for a man like him to look her way when any of those women would lick his feet if he asked them to . 
 she stepped off the elevator and into the spaciously appointed waiting area , with lush cream carpets and dark green walls with gilt edges on the molding . 
 her desk sat in the center of the room-the bastion that protected greyson 's office from the rest of the world . 
 no one got through her unless either she or greyson sanctioned it . 
 that was one of her duties , and she was proud to uphold it . 
 usually greyson was in his office , already started in on his work for the day . 
 but this morning he was in the lobby , a hip propped against the outer edge of eva 's desk . 
 confused , she nevertheless stepped forward to greet him , but the smile froze on her lips when his eyes met hers . 
 today they were a cold , iron grey , like snow clouds in winter . 
 his face was a stone mask . 
 `` good morning , mr. stone - '' she began , then stopped as he cut her off with a raised finger . 
 `` in my office . 
 now . '' 
 he turned abruptly and stalked inside , and she followed on his heels , her heart thundering painfully . 
 his office was spacious-the skyscraper the building was housed it was cylindrical rather than having corners , and so the room was shaped like a quarter of a circle rather than a square , with the curved wall completely lined with glass . 
 the two inner walls were a glossy black , with several paintings and ornate shelving cabinets as well . 
 the center of the room was dominated by an l-shaped desk of mahogany , and two low-backed , comfortable chairs for visitors . 
 greyson shut and locked the door behind him , then rounded on her . 
 she backed up at the full force of his displeasure focused on her , and felt her legs graze one of those chairs . 
 try as she might , she could n't form the words to ask him what was wrong , what she had done to earn his wrath . 
 `` did you really think you were going to get away with this ? '' 
 he asked , his voice deceptively soft . 
 `` g-get away with what ? '' 
 tears pricked at her eyes as she began to tremble . 
 he snatched papers off his desk and waved them in front of her nose . 
 her vision was too watery to make out what was written on them , but an awful feeling sank into her chest as it hit her-it was her resume . 
 `` i decided to give your credentials a closer look . 
 only one of your references matches up . 
 the rest , including your college degree , are false . '' 
 his eyebrows arched as real fear flashed in her eyes . 
 `` what do you have to say about that ? '' 
 `` there must be some mistake ? '' 
 eva tried , desperately grasping at straws . 
 she reached for the resume papers in his hands . 
 `` perhaps i put down the wrong numbers , or misspelled a name . '' 
 `` nice try , ms. moore . 
 but i do n't believe it . '' 
 he leaned in close to her , his six foot five , muscular frame towering over her , and gripped her shaking shoulders . 
 `` a little liar like you needs to be disciplined . '' 
 eva 's mouth went dry at the look in his eyes-they had gone molten , like quicksilver . 
 she darted her tongue out to wet her lips , and his eyes followed the movement like a cat followed a piece of string it was about to pounce on . 
 `` a-are you going to fire me ? '' 
 `` i could do that , '' he said softly . 
 `` but despite your lies , i like you . 
 over the past week you have made an excellent assistant so far-i knew what i saw when i interviewed you and that you had guts and determination . '' 
 fear had frozen her vocal chords ; she dared not say anything lest she change his mind . 
 his face was so close to her that his breath fanned her face-warm , laced with some kind of minty freshness and a hint of coffee . 
 his lips curved into a cruel smile as he lifted her chin and forced her to look directly into his eyes . 
 she blinked back tears so as to straighten her watery vision . 
 she would show him that determination he had praised , even if he did fire her . 
 what she had done was not out of malice , but necessity . 
 if he threw her out on her ass , she would go with her head held high . 
 `` it takes a lot of both to lie straight to my face in order to secure a position in my company . 
 i 'd love to see that bold , raw spunk unleashed in the bedroom . '' 
 `` bedroom ? '' 
 she asked , her brows drawing together in bewilderment . 
 `` oh yes . '' 
 he stroked his other hand down the side of her neck , halfway ignoring her confusion . 
 `` you have such beautiful skin , eva . 
 i ca n't wait to see single inch of it . '' 
 eva sprang back . 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm sorry but ... '' his grey eyes gleamed with a challenge . 
 `` but , what ? 
 i 'm not asking you to do anything that you did n't agree to , eva . '' 
 `` you 're not ? '' 
 he lifted a brow . 
 `` did n't you agree during the interview to assist me in any way required ? '' 
 `` sleeping with you was n't exactly what i had in mind nor was it what i was offering , and you know it . '' 
 her voice lost some of its fire despite the protest , and he smiled . 
 she was obviously giving this some consideration . 
 `` perhaps not , but you did agree nonetheless . 
 all i 'm asking is that you follow my orders as my assistant . 
 you 'll do what 's required of you from me , whether it 's in the boardroom ... or the bedroom . 
 not that it will always be the bedroom , mind you . '' 
 he grinned wickedly , and her heart pumped faster despite her head still railing against it . 
 `` i. . . 
 so you 're telling me i will get to keep my job as long as i give you sexual pleasure ? '' 
 `` oh , eva , you misunderstand . '' 
 he pushed her up against the wall , his hard abdominal muscles pressing against her br ** sts . 
 even through the layers of clothing he felt her n ** ples pearl . 
 `` i intend to give you pleasure as well . 
 you will follow my every command , certainly , but i promise the experience will be just as sexually satisfying for you as it is for me . '' 
 eva 's breath came shorter now , a light flush coating her cheeks . 
 `` and how long will i have to do this for ? '' 
 `` for as long as i require of you , or for as long as you are in my employ . 
 whichever comes first . '' 
 his lips hovered a mere inch from her own . 
 `` if you please me well , though , i might even consider promoting you . 
 you could become a partner if you wanted-if you can follow my orders and do whatever i ask of you . 
 no matter how uncomfortable it might be . '' 
 a partner ? 
 she could n't fathom that . 
 her mind began to quiet as it struggled to grasp that possibility of the future , and allowed her heart to take over . 
 she could n't deny that she was powerfully attracted to this man-not just because he was handsome , but of the authority and dominant nature he exuded . 
 would it really be so bad ? 
 her mind did n't exactly agree , but her body wanted him . 
 it was n't like the experience would be unpleasant-she had no doubt that a man like him was as good as his word when he promised a woman pleasure . 
 sucking in a breath and wondering if she 'd gone completely mad , she nodded . 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 `` good girl . '' 
 he glanced at his watch just as the phone rang outside . 
 `` we do n't have time right now , but i will make sure to deliver your first lesson today . '' 
 `` lesson ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` of course . 
 i did say you were going to need training . '' 
 he pulled away . 
 `` for now , get out there and do your job . 
 i will call on you when i have need of you . '' 
 `` yes sir . '' 
 fleeing from the room as though her heels had grown wings , she answered the phone and wondered just what it was she had gotten herself into . 
 **** monday was generally the busiest day of the week , and today was no exception for eva . 
 she was kept incredibly busy by the constantly ringing phones , the juggling of greyson 's schedule , and myriad other tasks she had to complete by the end of the day . 
 she was grateful for the work-it helped to keep her mind off the agreement she 'd made just that morning-the agreement in which she 'd surrendered her body to him . 
 greyson had been just as busy , so he had n't called on her except for brief times when he required her to do something for him . 
 she saw him very infrequently despite the single wall separating them , but every time she did it was like a punch to the gut . 
 her core would quiver in anticipation and her breath would come short . 
 at the end of the day he walked past her without saying so much as a word , or even offering her a backward glance or a wave . 
 she 'd watched his retreating form , a mixture of relief and dread coursing through her , released from the burden of wondering when he would call for her today , but worried as to why he was still treating her with such indifference despite their agreement . 
 the next day was much the same-greyson had six back-to-back meetings , and so eva was spending a great deal of her time in the boardroom assisting with power point presentations , taking minutes , and such . 
 despite greyson being but an arm 's length away from her , he all but ignored her as he focused his mind on business . 
 in contrast , eva was painfully aware of every movement he made-every quirk of an eyebrow , curve of his lips , gesture with his hands . 
 never had he seemed more attractive , more virile , more sexually charged to her as he did now . 
 and yet she felt as though she were as significant as a fly on a wall . 
 by the time wednesday came around , she could no longer stand it-the anticipation was killing her . 
 when noon came around and the office closed for lunch , she made up her mind and marched into his office rather than out the door to enjoy the food she 'd packed . 
 she knocked briefly , then pushed open the door to find him on the phone . 
 he gestured briefly to her and she came all the way in , then sank into a chair as she watched him . 
 one of his ankles was crossed over his knee as he waved his hand in the air impatiently , and she could n't help but notice how the position showed off powerful thigh muscles . 
 her eyes moved to his crotch despite herself , and she stared for a long moment as if she could develop x-ray vision and see through the cloth to what lay beneath . 
 she felt a tingle along her forehead , and her eyes snapped up to see his grey ones watching her with amusement . 
 her cheeks flushed , and she snapped her head to the side , resolutely fixing her gaze toward the curved wall of windows , and the city beyond . 
 a minute later , he finished the call and hung up the phone . 
 she swung back to find him pinning her with a look of such intense lust it knocked the breath from her lungs . 
 it took her a moment to remember to breathe . 
 `` did you need something of me , eva ? '' 
 he asked politely . 
 eva swallowed . 
 `` i. . . 
 i was wondering ... if you were ever going to call for me . '' 
 one of greyson 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` call for you ? '' 
 she fidgeted in her chair , but refused to back down from his gaze . 
 `` yes . 
 since you 've now declared me to be your pleasure slave . '' 
 the words came out hard , and she realized she was angry at him for dangling her on a string this way . 
 `` you said you would call on me , but you have n't even though it 's been two days . 
 i was wondering if perhaps you 'd decided to back down . '' 
 the other eyebrow rose as well this time . 
 `` well , well , well . 
 it looks like your claws are coming out after all . '' 
 he rose from his chair and circled round the desk . 
 eva tried to rise as well , but he rested his arms on either side of her chair , preventing her from moving . 
 `` i apologize if you think i 've been neglecting you , eva . '' 
 he stroked a finger along the underside of her jaw . 
 `` i assure you it was not my intention at all . '' 
 greyson smiled at the fire in her eyes that belied her trembling body . 
 he knew very well why he had made her wait-not because they had been so busy but because he had wanted to torture them both with anticipation . 
 during his nights at home , endless scenarios had marched through his head-the things he wanted to do to her , with her , haunting him so that it was all he could do not to go to her apartment and drag her out of bed by the hair . 
 or , perhaps , simply join her in the bed . 
 he wondered what kind of bed she had . 
 would it be large enough to fit them both ? 
 `` that was n't what i meant , '' eva protested . 
 `` i do n't care if you change your mind . 
 i just wanted to make sure . '' 
 she licked her lips . 
 greyson smirked . 
 `` you know that 's not the truth . 
 you came back here because you could n't stand waiting for me any longer . 
 i promised you pleasure , and you want to collect . '' 
 `` that 's not - '' `` true ? '' 
 he placed a hand over her heart , gently cupping her breast . 
 `` maybe not in your head , but most definitely in your heart . 
 if that were n't the case , then why do i feel it pounding so hard against my hand ? 
 why are your cheeks flushed ? 
 your n ** ples hard ? '' 
 he slid a thumb over the peak protruding through the purple cloth of her dress , smiled at her sharply indrawn breath . 
 `` you want me . 
 i would even bet that your panties are wet right now . '' 
 `` i - '' she clamped her legs together instinctively and then seemed to realize that by doing so she might as well have shouted that she he was right . 
 `` this is ridiculous . 
 if you want me to do something for you , just tell me so we can get it over with already . '' 
 `` that is n't how this works , eva . '' 
 his hand slid up her right thigh , turning her legs to jelly so that he had no trouble nudging them apart . 
 `` i 'm not going to allow you to deny your desires . 
 i know you want me . 
 and i 'm going to make you admit it . '' 
 breathless , she watched as he nudged her legs further apart and slid his hand along the outside of her panties . 
 he came away with glistening fingers . 
 `` well ? 
 what do you have to say about that ? '' 
 before she could reply , he pushed her skirt up , then yanked her panties off . 
 the lacy material caught on the edge of one of her heels , she winced as it ripped . 
 he tossed it aside with a shrug , then hooked each of her legs around the arms of her chair , spreading her wide . 
 `` so pretty , '' he said , stroking a finger down her cleft . 
 `` pink and glistening , like a jewel . '' 
 his fingers found her cl * t and began stroking it . 
 eva struggled to hold back her moan of pleasure . 
 `` there 's no need to fight it , '' he assured her in a soft voice as he stroked her faster . 
 `` the more you fight it , the more you 're denying yourself release . '' 
 he slid two fingers inside her with his other hand . 
 `` admit it . 
 you want me . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she meant for the word to sound firm , but it came out as a breathy moan as he pumped his fingers in and out of her . 
 whether she wanted it or not , the pleasure was building quickly . 
 she pushed her h * ps against his hand , and instantly he stopped , leaving her aching . 
 `` your body does n't agree with your words . '' 
 `` please , '' she begged , straining , but he was gripping her h * ps with one hand , the other teasing her folds gently , enough to increase the ache without offering anything more than a hint of release . 
 `` stop this torture . '' 
 `` do you want me ? '' 
 he thrust a finger in her suddenly and she arched her back , moaning . 
 `` i - '' the words stuck in her throat . 
 she knew she did , but she felt as though admitting it would mean defeat . 
 there was a battle of wills being waged here , and if she gave in she would lose . 
 unfortunately she was having an awful lot of trouble remembering why losing would be so bad . 
 `` tell me . 
 you know it 's true . '' 
 he pinched her cl * t hard enough that there was equal parts pain and pleasure . 
 `` you can end it with a few simple words . 
 do you want me ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she finally sobbed , giving in . 
 `` yes , i want you . 
 now please , finish it ! '' 
 he grinned wickedly . 
 `` but of course . '' 
 leaning down , he stroked his tongue down her folds as he shoved his fingers into her . 
 she would have screamed had he not clamped a hand over her mouth . 
 this time he allowed her to push her h * ps against his mouth as he f ** ked her with his tongue and fingers , pumping three , four into her as he sucked her cl * t into his mouth . 
 now that she was no longer fighting it , the pleasure built with terrifying speed until it was released with the force of a tidal wave , ripping through her . 
 his hand over her mouth kept her from letting the entire building know just how awesome , how terrible , how delicious it felt . 
 she 'd never had an orgasm like that before in her life . 
 once she 'd stopped trembling , he pulled back and looked up at her . 
 eva realized he had gone to his knees , and felt a certain amount of pride in that . 
 he , greyson stone , ceo of creative enterprises and her boss , nonetheless , had knelt on the hard floor in his ten-thousand dollar suit and pleasured her until she 'd seen stars `` there now . '' 
 he sat back on his haunches for a moment before rising up to his full height . 
 `` that was n't so bad now , was it ? '' 
 towering over her once more , eva suddenly felt terribly embarrassed in her position , with her legs thrown over the arms of her chair and her dress rucked up . 
 hastily , she lowered her feet back to the ground and pulled her dress down tight over her body . 
 `` no . 
 it was n't . '' 
 she frowned as she smoothed some lingering wrinkles down over her ample hips , wondering why he would want her . 
 she was no skinny model . 
 rather than asking , her eyes drifted to his tented crotch . 
 `` though i do n't see why you did n't take any pleasure yourself . '' 
 `` i was trying to prove a point . '' 
 his hands circled her waist and he pulled her to her feet . 
 `` now that i have , i wo n't hesitate to . '' 
 glancing at his watch , he frowned . 
 `` unfortunately , it 's time for you to get back to work . 
 we will have to continue this another time . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 she inclined her head , surprised at the feeling of disappointment . 
 surely she would be jumping at the chance to get back to work ? 
 `` i will be outside if you need me . '' 
 he smiled wolfishly . 
 `` i 'm sure you will . '' 
 **** the rest of the afternoon passed briskly , but without incident . 
 in fact , eva would have considered it a comfortable day if it were n't for the hunger clawing at her stomach . 
 she was n't allowed to eat at the desk , and even if she had been of a mind to her food was in the break room downstairs , well out of her reach . 
 greyson , being the boss , had no such restrictions-he went out and returned with takeout chinese . 
 the aroma had nearly driven her mad with hunger . 
 by the time six-o'clock rolled around , she was absolutely ravenous . 
 she packed up hastily and was making a beeline for the elevator when greyson stepped out . 
 `` eva . '' 
 pausing , she bit back a curse and then turned to face him . 
 one of his hands was tucked casually into his pocket as he smiled . 
 `` i was wondering if you would like to join me for dinner ? '' 
 her jaw dropped . 
 `` you 're inviting me out to eat ? '' 
 one of his shoulders shrugged . 
 `` it is partially my fault you missed lunch , and i feel guilty for not bringing you anything back . 
 it 's the least i could do . '' 
 she looked at him dubiously . 
 `` what do you propose ? 
 perhaps a quick lunch at a diner or cafe ? '' 
 he gave her a lopsided grin . 
 `` i had something a little classier in mind . '' 
 of course he did . 
 a man like him might go to panda express once in a while , but he 'd never take a woman to a fast food joint-especially not one he intended to sleep with . 
 `` i suppose i would n't mind letting you buy me dinner . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he crossed the distance and took her arm . 
 `` let 's go , then . '' 
 the place she was whisked off to was far from a mcdonald 's . 
 it was an exclusive restaurant owned by a famous french chef , and boasted a wide variety of culinary delights . 
 the waiter brought them a vintage red , and they sat out on the terrace sipping their wine and gazing out over central park . 
 she could see central park lake sparkling and reflecting the vibrant colors of the setting sun , while people-so tiny and insignificant from up here-walked , ran or biked along the paths . 
 `` this is beautiful . '' 
 she had a view of central park from her own apartment , but it was nothing like this . 
 `` i 'm glad you like it . '' 
 he reached across the table and twined his fingers with hers . 
 she shivered as the pad of his thumb lightly stroked the webbing between her thumb and forefinger-a sensitive spot , and from the gleam in his eye , he knew it . 
 `` this is one of my favorite places to come to eat out . '' 
 it also cost a fortune , if the menu prices were to be believed . 
 she would have winced if it were n't for the fact that he was not only paying , but he could well afford the expense . 
 recklessly , she ordered the most expensive dish on the menu , and proudly told the waiter her choice . 
 greyson only smiled , as though she were a child who , in a fit of pique attempting to get back at her parent , had instead done something terribly amusing . 
 shame filled her . 
 of course he would n't care either way . 
 she was just making herself look foolish . 
 rather than make a fuss , she allowed him to draw her into conversation over the meal . 
 she found out he 'd grown up in boston , and at one point had considered going to mit for their engineering program . 
 instead , shortly after getting out high school , he had landed a position as an assistant manager for a locally owned store , and found that he liked the business side of things . 
 he had instead graduated from boston college with an mba and had gone on to new york after running a variety of successful business ventures for others to start on his own . 
 eva offered sparse details about her own life , not necessarily because she wanted to hide anything , but because compared to his accomplishments she felt as though her life was a failure . 
 because she 'd gotten a job straight out of high school , and a rather cushiony one at that , she felt as though it was n't necessary for her to go to college , that she would be perfectly content with where she was at . 
 she had no concept of job security , of the state of the economy , of anything outside her little sphere . 
 and so when the company had folded , she was left out in the cold . 
 despite this , he seemed perfectly content with the anecdotes she did tell him-of life with her family in oyster bay , of different trips she 'd taken and various exploits she 'd had with her friends . 
 a few times he 'd even chuckled as she 'd detailed some of the more mischievous doings she and her friends had gotten themselves into . 
 retelling them put a smile to her face as well-it had been a long time since she 'd done anything so care free . 
 once the meal was over , he took her for a walk down in the park . 
 the sun was nearly gone by then , with only the gilt edges remaining as twilight reigned over the sky . 
 nowhere else in the city was it more obvious that spring had arrived-the profusion of greenery , the quiet chirping of birds settling down for the night , and the fragrance of a multitude of blossoms drifting over the wind were the season 's banner being flown high and proud . 
 `` i love nature , '' she said with a quiet sigh as they walked along a path near the lake . 
 she could hear distant chatter and laughter of other people also out to enjoy the beauty central park provided , but there were n't as many as they were during the day now that the sun had darkened the foliage . 
 people liked to see the blossoms in full color , after all . 
 `` so do i , '' he told her , his hand at the small of her back . 
 `` this place shows us the bright side of life-that we can take pleasure in the sights , sounds and smells of the world . 
 his hand inched a little lower , brushing the curve of her bottom . 
 `` and other things , too . '' 
 her pulse leaped as he turned her onto a smaller trail , one off the beaten path that lead into a cluster of trees . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` for some privacy . '' 
 he backed her up against the tall , sturdy trunk of a tree-it was too dark for her to tell what kind it was . 
 the craggy bark dug in between her shoulder blades , but she could hardly focus on the discomfort as his lips took hers . 
 their first kiss was not gentle , but neither was it particularly rough . 
 it was simply impassioned , filled with the edge of hunger , yet there was a quality to it that told her he was in no hurry to have that hunger fulfilled . 
 `` i 've wanted to kiss your pouty lips since the first moment you stepped into my office , '' he told her after he 'd pulled away with a tug of his teeth on her lower lip . 
 `` you taste like everything i could ever hope for . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 she asked breathlessly as he scorched the side of her neck with kisses . 
 `` and what was it you were hoping for ? '' 
 `` sex incarnate . '' 
 she 'd never before thought of herself that way , but she certainly felt it now , as he heated her with his touch . 
 she could feel his erection pressing against her hip bone , an insistent reminder that she 'd yet to fulfill her end of the bargain , and yet he made no move other than to taste her , touch her , inflame her . 
 she felt as though each breath against her skin , each stroke of his thumb against the n ** ples poking through the fabric of her dress , was a bellows being poured into her furnace , stroking the banked coals of her desire to impossible levels of heat . 
 she was panting , flushed , her p ** sy throbbing and wet , and he had n't even gotten her clothes off . 
 `` wait , '' she gasped as he began sliding his hands up her dress . 
 they paused mid-thigh , so close to the center of her torment . 
 but she had to do this . 
 he had pleasured her selflessly this afternoon , despite the fact that she had promised him pleasure as well . 
 it was time for her to uphold her end of the bargain . 
 without giving an explanation she reached down and yanked his belt free . 
 with fumbling fingers she undid his pants , then reached in to wrap her fingers around his cock . 
 she gasped as she realized he wore nothing beneath his pants-her fingers met the velvet steel of his shaft , and he sucked in a breath rapidly as she wrapped her fingers around it . 
 it was too dark to see , but she was able to discern by touch , by rubbing her fingers up and down his length , that he was a large man in more ways than one . 
 `` eva , '' he growled in the stillness . 
 `` are you just going to stand there and tickle me ? 
 or are you going to do something ? '' 
 she smiled at the mixture of lust and ire in his voice-obviously he was n't too pleased about having control wrested from him , but at the same time he was hardly going to ask her to remove her hands . 
 `` i thought this was about telling the other person what you wanted , '' she teased , tossing his words back into her face . '' 
 his fingers were suddenly in her hair . 
 `` eva , honey , i have no problem telling a woman what i want from her , '' he said , his voice silky , in direct contrast to the hands roughly pushing her down . 
 `` what i want is for you to suck my cock . 
 now . '' 
 she was forced to her knees on the hard dirt ground , so that her face was level with his cock . 
 just enough moonlight filtered through the canopy of leaves overhead so that she could see the head glistening with moisture . 
 she licked her lips , both hands gripping the shaft . 
 his fingers had a resolute grip on her hair , but even without them she would n't have backed away . 
 she wanted to taste him . 
 slowly , she took him into her mouth , savoring every inch of him . 
 her knees ached as she sucked him , her senses hyper alert and picking up on every snatch of voice , of laughter , of footsteps , knowing that at any time someone could come down this way and they would be caught . 
 somehow that only made it more exciting . 
 greyson 's eyes , half lidded and gleaming in the dark , watched her . 
 he was mostly silent , but she could tell by the tightening grip of his hands in her hair and his h * ps pushing his c * ck more urgently into her mouth that he was far from unaffected . 
 if her mouth had n't been so full , she would 've smiled with the power she felt over him , despite the fact that at the moment , he was very much in control . 
 his breathing came shorter and shorter , his balls drawing tight against his body-a sure sign that he was nearly at the end . 
 `` you 'll have to take it , '' he rasped . 
 `` you 'll have to take it all . '' 
 she had no doubt in her mind as to what he meant . 
 still , she was momentarily caught off guard when he suddenly spewed his seed into her mouth , causing her to nearly choke on it . 
 she swallowed it all , reveling the taste , the muffled groans , his trembling body . 
 when it was done she released him , licking stray drops as she rose . 
 her knees would no doubt be filthy , perhaps even bruised from being pressed into the hard ground for so long . 
 certainly her panty hose would be ruined . 
 and her hair was definitely a mess . 
 but looking up into his satisfied gaze , she could n't bring herself to care about any of that . 
 they stared at each other for a long moment in the dark before he finally broke the silence . 
 `` i really do need to get you to a proper horizontal surface some time . 
 maybe even a bed . '' 
 `` i do n't think you keep those in the office , '' she half-quipped , half-teased . 
 he arched a brow . 
 `` you have no idea of the things i keep in my office . '' 
 a pleasant shiver went down her spine , and her still-aching p ** sy throbbed , reminding her that she was unsatisfied . 
 even so , she did n't protest when he took her hand and lead her down the path . 
 `` i suppose i will be finding out very soon . '' 
 he gave her that wolfish smile again . 
 `` very soon indeed . '' 
 greyson dropped her off at her apartment , with the promise that he would call on her tomorrow . 
 that night , for the first time in month , she had to reach into her drawer and pull out her sex toys . 
 even as she brought herself to shuddering release twice , she knew nothing she could do matched the orgasm greyson had given her in his office at lunch that day . 
 her mind kept racing over the different possibilities of what he had in store for her tomorrow . 
 she did n't get very much sleep that night . 
 **** thursday was a remarkably slow day-so much , in fact , that she was practically falling asleep at her desk from a mixture of boredom and the lack of sleep from the night before . 
 her chin propped in her hand , she stared blearily at the computer screen as she glanced through the email box for what seemed like the hundredth time , making she had n't overlooked anything . 
 greyson 's large , warm hands came to rest gently on her shoulders . 
 she jumped , startled , then moaned softly as his strong fingers gently kneaded at the knots in her muscles . 
 `` you look tired today , '' he murmured in her ear , and between his lips grazing her earlobe and his hands on her shoulders her blood heated like a spreading wildfire . 
 `` i did n't get much sleep last night , '' she confessed , no longer sleepy with him in such proximity . 
 `` thinking about me ? '' 
 he teased with a kiss to her jawline . 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 thinking about rolling between the sheets of some big , sinfully comfortable bed as she took him into her body . 
 thinking about all the fantasies that had assailed her last night shortened her breath . 
 `` well i 'm pretty sure i can give you something to ... jump start ... your system . 
 why do n't you come with me ? '' 
 he led her into his office and locked the door behind him . 
 crossing the room , he opened a panel in the wall across from his desk and pressed a button . 
 eva blinked in astonishment as a bed slid out of the wall , fully made with pillows and sheets and everything . 
 the comforter was a bold red with gilt edges that made her think of chinese dragons , and the pillows were the same , with the color scheme inverted . 
 as tired as she 'd been sleep was not the thing that crossed her mind now when she looked at it . 
 `` let 's get more comfortable , shall we ? '' 
 he asked , coming around so that he stood behind her . 
 he pressed warm kisses to her shoulder as he unzipped the back of her dress and let it fall to pool at her feet . 
 she shivered as his hands slid down the sides of her exposed flesh , coming to rest at her hips . 
 `` you came prepared , did you ? '' 
 he asked , squeezing her bare bottom . 
 she wore nothing but a pink bra beneath her dress of the same color . 
 `` i wanted to save time . '' 
 `` i appreciate the effort . '' 
 he unsnapped her bra with the efficiency of a man who had done it many times before , then pulled it off and allowed it to float down to join her dress . 
 `` you have such beautiful br ** sts . 
 they fit my hands perfectly . '' 
 his large , warm hands slid up her abdomen to cup her br ** sts as he spoke . 
 she gasped as his fingers deftly found her hardened n ** ples and teased them further . 
 he stepped back , and she turned around to see him undressing . 
 she sat down at the edge of the bed and removed her heels as she watched him strip away layers of clothing to reveal tanned , muscular flesh . 
 not a single scar marred the perfection of his body . 
 his c * ck stood at full attention , and now that it was in the light she saw it was bigger than she had imagined . 
 with a hard swallow , she wondered if it would fit inside her . 
 `` it will fit . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` did i say that out loud ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you did n't have to . 
 your eyes speak volumes , eva . '' 
 fully nak * d now , he cupped her chin in his hand . 
 `` so expressive . 
 so open . '' 
 his c * ck nudged at her lips . 
 she took him into her mouth again , and in the daylight she was able to see the muscles in his face tighten , his eyes dark with lust , his mouth half open as he moaned . 
 boldly , she snaked an arm around her waist and dug her fingers into one of his steely buns , drawing him forward as she pleasured him . 
 `` enough . '' 
 he pulled back , panting with the effort of holding himself in check . 
 `` i 'm going to have you properly if it 's the last thing i do . '' 
 eva laughed and lay back on the bed with her elbows propping up her upper body so that her br ** sts were thrust high and proud into the air . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 she knew she likely made a seductive picture , posed the way she was . 
 his eyes roamed over her like a physical caress . 
 `` are you going to touch me , or not ? '' 
 he was on her then , his hands gliding over her nak * d flesh , his teeth nipping , his tongue tasting . 
 his skin was deliciously hot against hers . 
 she moaned as he bit her neck , then sucked the bit of flesh between his teeth . 
 she would have a hickey in the morning . 
 her hands came around his back , stroking his flexing muscles as she encouraged him . 
 he teased her n ** ples mercilessly with his tongue , licking them the way a cat licked at a bowlful of cream , while his fingers worked magic between her legs . 
 `` delicious . '' 
 he licked the wetness from his fingers as he watched her with burning eyes . 
 `` i ca n't wait any longer , eva . 
 i wo n't . '' 
 wordlessly , she spread her legs for him . 
 he settled between them , taking his c * ck in hand . 
 he teased her folds by rubbing the head of his shaft against them , coating it in her wetness . 
 `` please , '' she said , her voice trembling . 
 `` do it now . '' 
 she moaned as he finally entered her , slowly , surely feeding his c * ck into her dripping p ** sy . 
 his eyes fluttered to half-mast as a groan escaped his lips . 
 panting , she sat up on her elbows to watch as he gradually buried herself up to the hilt . 
 the sight of them finally joined together , here , like this , was unbearably erotic . 
 the ache in her was briefly assuaged , but it came back in full force , wanting more . 
 she shifted her hips , pushing herself against him , urging him . 
 he responded by pulling out nearly all the way , then gripping her pelvis and thrusting back into her . 
 the pace quickened and she matched it easily with her own thrusting hips , urging him on , digging her fingers into his ass so she could push him into her even harder . 
 his dark hair , usually so perfectly styled , was in disarray , with locks coming free to hang across his forehead and into his face . 
 it only made him look even more roguish , more devilishly handsome , than it did before . 
 she smiled up at him , and he gave her a quick grin before sliding his hands underneath her and rolling them both , lightning quick , so that he was now the one on the bed and she the one on top . 
 `` go ahead , '' he told her , squeezing her bottom with both hands . 
 `` take the reins . 
 i know you want to . '' 
 his eyes gleamed as he watched her ride him . 
 with her head thrown back , that chestnut hair flowing over her shoulders as she worked herself on top of his shaft , she was a vision . 
 her cheeks were flushed , her h * ps parted as she moaned , her round , heavy br ** sts bouncing enticingly . 
 he reached up and kneaded them with his hands , rolling the n ** ples between his fingers , and was rewarded with breathier moans than before . 
 he loved the way her curves felt beneath his hands . 
 her br ** sts , her hips , her thighs , her ass . 
 he especially loved cupping the round globes of her ass . 
 he did so now , digging his fingers in as he used his grip to slam her harder , faster , down on to him . 
 her eyes widened , the amber orbs going blind as she cried out in release , her body shuddering with the force of it . 
 the sight so overcame him that he was forced to pull out and shoot his seed onto her br ** sts and stomach before he spilled it inside her . 
 panting , she fell back , her body stretched out between his legs . 
 a grin spread across his face as he watched her sprawled there , his seed coating her body . 
 he liked the view . 
 and he was very much looking forward to seeing many times in the near future . 
 **** the next three weeks were a blur . 
 eva did her job-both sides of it-well , and greyson constantly kept her on her toes . 
 she never knew when he called her to his office if he was going to give her a stack of files or spread her legs across the desk and f ** k her until she screamed his name . 
 it seemed all she could think about was the next time he would be inside her . 
 she was in a constant state of readiness , always waiting , always watching , always wondering . 
 in some ways it astonished-and sometimes ashamed-her that he could inspire such longing in her , that he could make her feel this way . 
 most of the time she simply reveled in it . 
 instead of firing her for her deception , he had not only allowed her to keep her job , but had given her a punishment that turned out to be nothing but a pleasure . 
 more than that , though , greyson seemed to actually care for her as a person . 
 certainly he was not always gentle-the sex was sometimes rougher than anything she 'd had before . 
 but there was a tender look in his eyes mixed with the lust , and as time passed he treated her with more and more respect . 
 sometimes she actually forgot about the conditions he had set for her , the reason she was hav ** g s * x with him . 
 it felt like they were just lovers . 
 it was friday now , and greyson had left the office early . 
 she sat at her desk , most of the work done for the day , feeling a little forlorn that he was gone . 
 it meant that she would n't see him again until monday . 
 a ping signaled to her that a new email had just been delivered to her inbox . 
 her breath caught in her throat as she looked up and saw that it was from greyson . 
 quickly , she clicked on it . 
 eva , i 've decided i ca n't wait through the weekend to see you again . 
 i will be picking you up from your apartment at seven o'clock for dinner . 
 there will be a box waiting for you-be sure to open it . 
 be ready . 
 her heart thundering with anticipation , eva looked at the clock . 
 it was a quarter to five now-nearly time to go home . 
 greyson always let everyone close down an hour early on fridays . 
 quickly she ran through her end of the day routine , packing things up and making sure everything was locked , shut down and secured . 
 she looked at the clock to see she still had five minutes , and shrugged . 
 no one was going to miss her . 
 snatching up her purse , she practically ran for the elevator . 
 when she arrived home , the box was waiting for her on the kitchen counter . 
 she did n't know how he 'd gotten into her apartment , and nor did she care . 
 hastily , she ripped off the golden wrapping paper and tossed it aside along with the box lid . 
 with a gasp , she lifted a halter dress of sapphire colored satin from the box . 
 the material was soft and rich against her fingers , and she had no doubt that , as familiar as greyson was with her body , it would fit perfectly . 
 beneath it lay a three-piece jewelry set-earring , a necklace , and a bracelet-all sapphires and gold . 
 she had no doubt they were real , and must have cost a fortune . 
 she lifted the bracelet gingerly from the box and ran her fingers over the stones . 
 no one had ever bought her anything so costly , or beautiful . 
 glancing at the clock , she hurried into the bathroom for a quick shower . 
 she rubbed lavender oil into every inch of her body so that her skin would glow and smell glorious for him . 
 after blow drying and styling her hair into an up do , she slipped into the dress . 
 the soft material rested directly against her skin-it was backless so she could n't wear a bra , and she had taken to not wearing panties anymore around him ; he 'd already destroyed three pairs . 
 knowing she did n't have much time to spare , she did her makeup and grabbed a black clutch purse from the closet . 
 she was just slipping stilettos onto her feet when the doorbell rang . 
 greyson stood outside her doorstep with a bouquet of blood-red roses in his arms . 
 he was dressed in a suit , as was custom for him . 
 she took the flowers with a murmured word of thanks . 
 `` i 've been thinking about you in that dress all afternoon , '' he told her after she 'd put the roses in water and locked the door behind her . 
 `` it 's gorgeous . '' 
 she touched the dangling sapphires at her ear . 
 `` everything 's gorgeous . 
 thank you so much . '' 
 he simply smiled . 
 `` they pale in comparison to the woman wearing them . '' 
 a stretch limo waited on the street for them . 
 eva admired the leather interior as she settled onto one of the seats . 
 greyson pulled her into his lap and kissed her breathless . 
 `` you 're going to ruin my make up , '' she managed when he finally moved his mouth down her neckline , searing her skin with hot kisses . 
 `` it wo n't matter where we 're going . '' 
 the dress he 'd given her had high slits on both sides , so he was easily able to slip his fingers beneath the material to touch her . 
 she moaned , arching her back , as he sank his fingers deep into her . 
 his teeth closed around one of her n ** ples , sucking it through the fabric of her dress . 
 he brought her to a shuddering cli ** x , and then he was in her , filling her , taking her . 
 straddled on top of him , her fingers gripping the top of the seat , she could look out the window and watch the city flashing by as he moved inside her . 
 glowing billboards and bright lights blurred as he slammed her against him , over and over , with single-minded intensity . 
 he dragged her head down for another kiss , and she sensed a kind of desperation , as though this were the last time they would be together . 
 the thought chilled her despite the scorching intensity of their passion . 
 after they were finish she sat across from him and took out her compact . 
 carefully she reapplied her lipstick and touched up her hair . 
 greyson watched her as he fastened his belt around his waist once more . 
 they came to a stop outside a huge victorian style house . 
 from the looks of things as she stepped out , she could only surmise that they were on the upper east side , where a majority of new york 's wealthy lived . 
 he led her up beautiful stone-carved steps and into the house . 
 the foyer was expansive , the warm cream-yellow walls and honey-oak flooring lending a welcome air to the place . 
 he led her up a winding staircase to the top floor , and out onto a terrace , where a table sat waiting for them . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he asked as he poured them wine . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 she looked out over the twinkling expanse of the city . 
 `` i would expect nothing less from you . '' 
 a man wearing a black and white chef 's uniform wheeled in a cart laden with food . 
 eva surmised that he was the personal chef as greyson greeted him warmly and thanked him-it was obvious the two were familiar with each other . 
 `` i hope you do n't mind salmon , '' he told her as the food was served . 
 she smiled . 
 `` it 's one of my favorites . '' 
 the chef left them to the meal , and they sat in silence , simply enjoying the food . 
 eva noticed greyson 's countenance was becoming more and more melancholy as the seconds stretched by . 
 when he 'd drained his third glass of wine , she reached over the table and grasped his hand . 
 `` greyson , what 's wrong ? '' 
 his grey eyes , always so full of energy and alive with emotion , were dark . 
 `` i think i might be falling in love with you . '' 
 she drew her hand back . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 this is n't just a game for me anymore . '' 
 his voice was flooded with sincerity . 
 `` i 've come to discover in these past couple of weeks that i do n't just derive pleasure from your body , but what is inside your head . 
 you 're beautiful inside and out , and i know that you were n't intending to hurt me when you lied about your experience . 
 i was just using that as an excuse to have you . '' 
 eva smiled . 
 `` i could have told you that . '' 
 he waved a hand as if to dismiss her words . 
 `` even so , i can no longer in good conscience force you to abide by this agreement . 
 i ca n't continue to take you to my bed knowing that should you have a choice , you would n't be in it in the first place . 
 i hereby release you from your obligation . '' 
 her heart filled with a mixture of tenderness and joy , this time she was the one to reach across the table and take his hand . 
 `` greyson , it has always been my choice . 
 i could have easily walked out of your office that day and never looked back . 
 there are other jobs , even if i do n't think i could ever find one as enjoyable as the one you 've given me . 
 i agreed because i wanted you . 
 and even though you 've released me , i still want you . 
 perhaps even more than ever , now that you 've done so . '' 
 a spark lit his eyes as he grinned at her . 
 `` do you really mean that ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 've come to see the man beneath the suit . 
 i do n't know everything about him , but i know the way he makes me feel when he talked to me , how he ignites a fire in my body every time he touches me . 
 standing , she came around the table and leaned down . 
 `` i know i have feelings for you , and that someday they might grow into love . 
 i 'd like to stick around , and find out . '' 
 she gave him a long , sweet kiss , and smiled when his arms came around to clutch her to him . 
 his arms were warm and strong around her , his lips tender . 
 `` you can stay as long as you want , '' he finally told her , dropping a kiss onto her nose . 
 `` who knows . 
 maybe i 'll even let you stay forever . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` so glad to hear it . 
 now take me to bed already . 
 i 'm tired of waiting . '' 
 with a laugh , he scooped her up and carried her inside . 
