 prologue `` i ca n't believe how the time has passed . 
 it seems like just yesterday i was sitting in my empty house , worried i 'd never have grandkids . 
 now , not only do i have a brood of them climbing the walls , but also several great-nieces and nephews . 
 i ca n't imagine life getting much better than this . '' 
 `` you wo n't hear any arguments from me . 
 before i decided to move the family back home , we were falling apart . 
 look at me now . 
 i 'm a grandfather , and our life is how it should be . 
 i 'll miss my amelia until the day i die , but i finally feel like it 's okay to let go of the sorrow that 's been present since her death . 
 what helps the most is having my children close to home , and those grandkids of mine have brought joy to my life i never thought possible again , '' george replied to his twin brother , joseph . 
 the two men flew down the interstate , driving with the top down , enjoying a rare warm evening in the normally cool city of seattle . 
 they acted more like teenage boys , than men in their sixties , as their laughter was quickly carried away on the wind , deep into the sparkling sky . 
 `` i thought katherine told you to get rid of this deathtrap several months ago , '' george remarked . 
 `` she did , so you 'd better not tell her what we 've been up to . 
 a little wind in our hair and bugs in our teeth rejuvenate these old bodies far more than those stinking spas she drags me to . 
 what she does n't know ca n't hurt her - or me . '' 
 joseph laughed at his own joke . 
 it did n't take long for george to join him . 
 knowing he was doing something a little dangerous felt good . 
 his doctor told him he had to cut back on salt . 
 his wife said he needed to get more exercise . 
 he was tired of doing everything that was healthy and good for him . 
 he did n't see anything wrong in seeking adventure once in a while . 
 when he felt a craving for an adrenaline rush , it was either stay home and go crazy , or pull the convertible out of the garage . 
 `` only one more kid to marry off . 
 what are we going to do once we take care of austin ? '' 
 george asked . 
 `` i 'd say you 're looking at getting married , yourself , '' joseph quickly replied . 
 `` do n't you even try your matchmaking on me , joseph anderson . 
 we 're a team . 
 we do n't plot against each other , '' george said in a huff . 
 joseph laughed at the sour expression on his brother 's face . 
 `` ah , do n't worry about it , george . 
 i would n't think of doing that , '' he finally said , though he made sure to cross his toes . 
 he knew something was going on between george and esther , but he had n't been able to catch the two of them yet - just give him time ... `` i know we do n't talk about it , george , but since your heart attack , i 've felt my mortality a little more with each passing day , '' joseph said , his voice growing quiet , barely audible above the screaming wind whipping through the car . 
 `` i was scared , joseph . 
 more scared than i let anyone know . 
 i was n't worried about dying . 
 i 've lived a good life . 
 i was worried about my family . 
 they 've had enough loss with losing their mother . 
 they do n't need to go through it again , '' george said , his own voice low . 
 `` maybe i should sell this car , though i love it . 
 i do n't want to admit we 're aging , but growing old does have its advantages . 
 i get to be a grandfather , which is better than i ever imagined it being , plus i get to watch my wife grow more beautiful with each passing day . 
 i have too much to be grateful for to risk throwing it away . '' 
 `` well then , brother , i 'm sure glad we 've gotten one last ride in , '' george said with laughter . 
 as they approached their exit , joseph reluctantly slowed down and departed the freeway . 
 the wind from their hundred-mile-an-hour ride decreased as they slowed to thirty and turned a corner . 
 neither of them was ready for the night to end , but katherine would be home soon , and they had to get the car parked and hurry inside , or they 'd be busted . 
 `` there was definitely something going on between austin and kinsey last year , but nothing came from it . 
 i 've watched them since then , and there are certainly sparks flying . 
 he 's been chasing her , though trying to be cool about it , and she 's running as if the hounds of hell are nipping at her heels . 
 i 've also noticed some simmering looks she 's shot his way when she thinks no one is paying attention . 
 i think it 's time to push the two of them together . 
 i know it 's only a matter of time before they ca n't resist the temptation . '' 
 `` what do you have in mind ? '' 
 george eagerly asked . 
 `` well - '' joseph began . 
 `` what the - '' george cried out . 
 joseph turned his head in george 's direction , just in time for his heart to jump into his throat as bright lights bore down on them . 
 he did n't even have time to blink before a full-size truck crashed into the side of their vehicle , sending the car flying through the air . 
 joseph looked at his brother for one endless , terrifying second , time standing still as they floated high above the ground . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' joseph whispered , not knowing if the words left his throat , let alone registered to george . 
 their car came hurtling to the ground with a sickening crunch . 
 glass shattered as metal twisted in on itself , making the convertible unrecognizable . 
 the only movement was one wheel as it spun in circles on the mangled wreck of a car . 
 for a brief second silence reigned in the busy city of seattle . 
 house lights began flickering on as people rushed from their homes to investigate the noise . 
 several brave citizens rushed forward to see if there was any hope for the people in the car . 
 neither joseph , nor george , stirred as sirens broke the eerie silence of the dark night . 
 still no movement when the ambulance arrived , paramedics struggling through the twisted remains of the vehicle as they attempted to get to the two men . 
 they were shaking their heads as they began mouth-to-mouth and chest compressions . 
 it did n't look good ... chapter one one year ago `` you 're radiant . 
 i 'm incredibly grateful for persistent reporting , an especially for snow storms in alaska because right now i 'm the luckiest man in this room , '' max told cassie as he suddenly dipped her low to the ground , before lifting her back up , bringing her body close to his . 
 `` you make me tremble , '' cassie sighed , her eyes devouring him . 
 `` i want to drag you out of here right now , '' he growled while his hand drifted down her satin wedding gown and gripped her hip , pulling her tight against him . 
 `` i 'm not stopping you , '' she purred , a seductive smile on her face . 
 max 's eyes rounded as her words sunk in and he realized she was giving him permission to haul her away . 
 he stopped dancing and grabbed her hand , prepared to cart her to the nearest room . 
 `` you may not be stopping him , but i am . 
 do you know how many hours i 've spent planning the perfect wedding for you ? 
 joseph and i have worked night and day , and there 's no flippin ' way you 're sneaking off , '' kinsey said in a stern voice . 
 the smile she was trying to hide was showing though , taking any bite out of the words . 
 `` i 'll make it up to you , kins , '' cassie pleaded with her . 
 `` no way . 
 do n't you dare give me those doe in the headlight eyes . 
 i 've known you too many years for that to work . 
 we have a cake to cut , toasts to make , and a bouquet to throw , '' kinsey insisted . 
 `` fine , but when you 're trying to sneak off with some hunk of a man , i promise you that i 'll be there to run interference , '' cassie threatened . 
 `` do n't worry , i ca n't see that happening in the near future . 
 i think i 'm safe . '' 
 `` yeah , you never know ... '' `` hey , trust me . 
 i really want a niece , but you have plenty of baby-making time on your month long honeymoon . 
 i ca n't believe how spoiled you are . 
 i really ca n't believe your job is willing to wait that long for you , '' kinsey pouted . 
 `` i guess i 'm just worth the wait , '' cassie said with a chuckle . 
 `` you are , cass . 
 you really are , '' kinsey said , all joking aside . 
 `` thanks for making this day perfect , kins . 
 you know i love you to death , '' cass said , no longer pouting about not getting to run off with her husband . 
 `` i love you , too . 
 let 's go cut the cake before you make me cry and ruin this expertly applied makeup , '' kinsey said . 
 `` fine , but you owe me . 
 you owe me big time , '' cassie pouted as she followed her best friend . 
 the night flew by in a whirl of dancing , laughing , eating , and visiting . 
 the anderson family certainly knew how to throw a huge event . 
 yes , kinsey had spent hours with joseph planning , but she knew he was really the one in control . 
 she 'd insisted on certain things for the wedding , those special little touches she knew would matter to cassie , but for the most part , she 'd tried to just stay out of joseph 's way . 
 the man was a force to be reckoned with . 
 she found it quite funny that the giant of a man liked planning weddings so much . 
 maybe he 'd gone into the wrong business . 
 `` my feet are killing me . 
 i 'm thinking right now i should 've opted for the flats instead of the three inch heels . 
 i just like to pretend i 'm taller than i really am , but that always ends up biting me in the butt , '' kinsey said to another bridesmaid as they stood on the edge of the dance floor . 
 `` i know what you mean . 
 i refuse to take them off because , well , look at them . 
 they 're stunning , but i wo n't be able to walk for a week . 
 it 's worth it though , or at least that 's what i keep telling myself , '' shelby said . 
 `` how many times have you been hit on tonight ? '' 
 kinsey asked with a smile . 
 `` about seven . 
 i think cassie picked out the , um , how do i say it nicely ? 
 ah , most revealing dresses she could , for her bridesmaids . 
 i keep double checking to make sure everything 's still covered . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i do n't remember the dresses being this short or low cut when we tried them on . 
 i think she had them modified , '' kinsey said with a laugh . 
 `` how about you ? 
 any offers to see the historic hotel ? 
 come on , does a pickup line get any cheesier than that ? '' 
 `` oh yes , yes it does . 
 one guy came up and asked me if i was going to be in line to catch the wedding bouquet ? 
 i thought he was doing a count or something , so i told him i would . 
 you know cassie would kill me if i was n't there . 
 worse than that , she 'd stop the proceedings and have me paged over the loudspeaker . 
 so then he says , is it just me , or are we destined to be married , as he holds up a garter belt . 
 i do n't know where he got it because max has n't even thrown kinsey 's yet . 
 i just walked away . 
 really ! 
 what else was i supposed to do ? '' 
 kinsey said as she started laughing . 
 `` oh my gosh . 
 okay , you win . 
 that 's freaking fantastic , '' shelby said between fits of laughter . 
 they shared more lines they 'd received at various weddings through the years . 
 kinsey did n't understand how men ever got dates with some of the things they said . 
 `` excuse me , but i noticed you looked thirsty , '' a man said , interrupting the two women . 
 kinsey looked up , her body vibrating as she recognized austin anderson . 
 he was gorgeous , melt-in-your-mouth good looking . 
 and he knew it . 
 she also knew from cassie that he liked to date - a lot . 
 there was no way kinsey was getting involved with a guy like him . 
 she shared a knowing look with shelby before giving him a cool glance . 
 `` how nice of you , but no thanks , '' she said , then turned and walked away . 
 she was grateful she did n't fall on her face as weak as her knees were feeling . 
 she made it across the dance floor in one piece , then quickly downed the first drink handed to her . 
 she had a few hours to go and a bit of liquid courage would n't hurt . 
 the rest of the men she 'd turned down that night had been quite easy to walk away from . 
 for some reason , austin anderson was like a magnet , trying to pull her in . 
 kinsey realized her stomach was growling . 
 she 'd been so busy trying to ensure the day was perfect in every single way for cassie that she 'd forgotten to eat . 
 she found an empty table , suddenly too tired to visit with strangers , and sat down . 
 `` how are you doing tonight ? '' 
 one of the waiters asked as he showed up almost instantly . 
 kinsey smiled at the young boy , thinking again about how joseph went over the top . 
 she 'd been to some spectacular weddings , but none of them compared to her best friend 's . 
 `` i 'm great , thank you . '' 
 `` go ahead and look at the menu in front of you to make your selection . 
 while you 're doing that , i can get your drink and appetizers , '' he offered . 
 `` that would be wonderful . 
 i 'll have a manhattan , please . '' 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 she looked at her choices , smiling at the five-star menu . 
 she knew most of the people attending would n't bother to eat , not when there was an open bar . 
 `` here you are , '' the waiter said , quickly returning . 
 he placed her drink and a plate with a variety of appetizers , the smells causing her mouth to water . 
 there was no way she was passing up such a delicious meal . 
 she wanted to try something she 'd never had before . 
 `` i 'll have the shorthorn beef carpaccio with crispy fried quail 's egg for my dinner and the caramelized bread pudding with amaretto poached pear , vanilla clotted cream and spiced almonds for desert , '' she said after narrowing down her options . 
 she wanted to try a little of it all , just because some of the names were so unique . 
 `` very good choices . 
 is there anything else you 'd like to add ? '' 
 kinsey did n't want to order items she knew she could n't eat , so she shook her head . 
 `` i 'll have the yellow fin tuna with vierge sauce and vegetables . 
 also , we 'll have the karat pure gold ossetra caviar and a plate of oysters on the half shell to share , '' austin said as he took the seat next to her . 
 kinsey looked at him , at a loss for words . 
 she knew he was overconfident , but she had n't expected him to be rude . 
 she had n't invited him to sit . 
 `` great choices , mr. anderson , '' the young waiter said , his face beaming to be serving one of the family members . 
 geese , kinsey thought , people acted like the anderson 's were royalty . 
 `` thanks , tommy . 
 are you enjoying yourself tonight ? '' 
 austin asked , surprising kinsey . 
 he knows the kid ? 
 `` yes , mr. anderson . 
 i really appreciate the job . 
 the guests have all been so nice , '' he quickly responded . 
 `` that 's good . 
 how are your studies ? '' 
 `` great . 
 i got an a on my science project because of you , '' he answered . 
 kinsey looked back and forth between them . 
 the kid obviously idolized austin , but she could n't figure out the connection . 
 `` you did it all on your own , tommy . 
 be proud of that . 
 once you understood the basic concept , there was no holding you back . '' 
 `` yeah , i guess . 
 i better go turn this in . 
 i do n't want to make you wait , '' he said before turning . 
 `` oh , tommy , can you also bring out the bottle of 1978 montrachet white wine ? '' 
 `` no problem , mr. anderson , '' he said before practically running inside the food area . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 kinsey asked , momentarily distracted from her irritation of him joining her without permission . 
 `` what ? '' 
 austin asked , looking perplexed . 
 `` ah , the whole science thing ? '' 
 `` oh , that 's nothing , '' austin said , brushing it off . 
 `` considering you joined my table without asking , it 's my right to have you either provide a decent conversation , or remove yourself , '' kinsey said , looking him in the eye . 
 she was surprised when he laughed , a deep-in-your-gut-make-your-stomach-hurt laugh . 
 when he finally came up for air , tommy was back and silently setting his requested appetizers on the table , along with the bottle of wine . 
 `` would you like me to open it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , it 's fine . 
 thanks , '' austin replied , and tommy disappeared . 
 `` well ? '' 
 kinsey pushed . 
 `` okay , okay . 
 i get it . 
 i tutor some kids at one of the high schools nearby . 
 it 's not a big deal , '' he said , shifting in his seat , looking uncomfortable . 
 kinsey was shocked . 
 she knew the anderson 's donated a lot of money , but she did n't know any of them did actual volunteer work . 
 she did n't want to learn this about austin , did n't want to see him as a caring guy instead of the playboy he was . 
 `` oh , '' she finally responded , at a loss for words . 
 `` you have to try this , '' austin said , quickly changing the subject as he held up a light cracker with caviar on it . 
 kinsey looked at it with suspicion , but she 'd wanted to try new things so she reached her hand out . 
 he pulled back so she could n't take it , then lifted it to her lips . 
 automatically , her mouth opened to take the delicate morsel , a flare of heat flashing inside her as his thumb brushed her bottom lip . 
 she did n't even taste the food as she swallowed , hoping she would n't choke . 
 `` thanks , '' she murmured as she picked up her glass , only to realize her drink was empty . 
 when had she finished that ? 
 `` try this , '' austin said as he opened the bottle of wine and filled a glass before handing it to her . 
 she accepted it from him and took a sip , the delicate flavor drifting across her tongue and down her throat . 
 `` do i get to know your name ? '' 
 kinsey looked at him , debating whether or not she wanted to give it to him . 
 she knew he 'd find out anyway , as she and cassie were best friends . 
 she did n't know how they had n't run into each other before this night . 
 `` kinsey shelton , '' she finally answered . 
 `` mmm , kinsey . 
 beautiful name for a stunning woman . '' 
 `` oh , please . 
 mr. lady killer can certainly come up with a better line than that , '' she mocked , relieved to gain a bit of her wits back . 
 he once again laughed . 
 she frowned at him , wondering what she could possibly do to annoy him enough to find other prey to hunt . 
 `` kinsey , you 're quickly becoming unforgettable , '' he said , his face growing serious as his blue eyes locked in on her brown ones . 
 `` that 's no good as i have no interest in being remembered , '' she answered , her breath coming out raspy instead of forceful as she wanted . 
 tommy arrived with their food , and they continued bantering back and forth as they consumed the exquisite cuisine . 
 by the time kinsey was staring at her empty dessert plate , she was regretting the amount she 'd consumed . 
 it was fantastic , but she 'd have to work out for a week straight to burn off all the calories . 
 `` dance with me , '' austin commanded as he rose from the table . 
 `` you must really enjoy being told no , '' kinsey said , surprised as she wobbled a bit when she got to her feet . 
 `` i enjoy each sound that escapes from your delectable mouth , '' he countered as he stepped closer and placed his hand on her waist to steady her . 
 she knew she 'd kick herself later , but she was tired of fighting her attraction to him . 
 one dance could n't hurt . 
 they were surrounded by people . 
 `` okay , '' she said , enjoying the momentary surprise in his eyes . 
 he quickly recovered and grabbed her hand , leading her to a dark corner of the dance floor . 
 he immediately pulled her into his arms , pressing her body close to his as the music played a romantic ballad . 
 one song led into the next , and time slipped away as she melted into him while he whispered in her ear , his lips trailing along her neck , his breath sending heat straight to her core . 
 he moved his hands down the small of her back , then lower , his fingers caressing the rounded top of her backside , pulling her close , leaving no doubt he was aroused by their foreplay . 
 the music stopped as someone announced it was time for the bouquet to be thrown . 
 kinsey found it hard to process the words as she pulled away and found herself looking into his turbulent blue eyes , capturing her own and refusing to let go . 
 `` you 've bewitched me , '' austin murmured before his mouth descended and he captured her lips for the first time . 
 she knew kissing him would be good , she just had n't known it would short circuit her brain . 
 his tongue caressed her mouth , leaving her no choice but to open for him . 
 she knew in that moment she could n't fight him or the surreal vortex that had been pulling them together all night . 
 she gave herself over to him . 
 slowly , he moved his head back , just enough to look into her eyes . 
 his own filled with a sea of raging passion . 
 then , without saying another word , he let go of her , only long enough to take her hand as he led her to the hotel . 
 chapter two present time `` lucas anderson , please ? '' 
 `` this is him , '' lucas said while glancing at his clock . 
 it was two in the morning . 
 at the professional tone of the person on the other end of the line , lucas became fully alert . 
 no call at this hour was a good thing . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir , but there 's been an accident . 
 we 've admitted joseph and george anderson here at harbor view medical center . 
 we have you listed as an emergency contact in mr. joseph anderson 's belongings . 
 the only information i have at this time is that they were in an auto accident . 
 the sooner you arrive , the better . '' 
 it took several moments for the woman 's words to sink in . 
 accident . 
 joseph . 
 george . 
 arrive quickly . 
 lucas said nothing further as he dropped the phone into the receiver and jumped from his bed . 
 `` lucas , what 's wrong ? '' 
 amy asked as she woke up . 
 `` my father and uncle george . 
 that was the hospital . 
 they 've been in a wreck and the person who called said we needed to come quickly , '' he croaked . 
 all traces of sleep were wiped from amy 's expression as she quickly sat up , fear in her eyes . 
 `` i 'll let marcia know , '' amy replied as she quickly climbed from the bed , threw on her robe , and left to alert the nanny they were leaving . 
 lucas turned off all emotion - not allowing the panic inside him to rise . 
 he was the eldest son and it was his responsibility to notify the rest of his family . 
 he had to maintain a calm he did n't come close to feeling . 
 information . 
 he needed more information . 
 he could n't make a proper assessment until he knew all the facts . 
 were they alive ? 
 how bad were the injuries ? 
 what could he do ? 
 lucas knew he could n't get answers until he reached the hospital , so he started moving . 
 first , he dialed his cousin . 
 it would go much faster if two of them split up the calls . 
 fear tried finding its way into lucas 's heart , making it constrict as he waited for austin to answer . 
 with great effort , he pushed the fear down , knowing the emotion was useless . 
 `` this better be damn good , '' austin snapped . 
 `` our fathers are at harbor view medical center . '' 
 lucas did n't waste time on greetings . 
 `` who else needs to be notified ? '' 
 `` you 're the first one i dialed . '' 
 `` i 'll call my siblings , you call yours . 
 i 'll meet you there , '' austin replied , his tone alert and clipped . 
 `` thanks , '' lucas whispered before dropping the phone for the second time . 
 he quickly called the rest of his siblings , then breathed a sigh of relief as amy rushed back into the room . 
 she immediately went to their closet and grabbed him a change of clothes , dropping them on the bed in front of him before going in and grabbing her own items . 
 they changed quickly , neither of them talking as they rushed to get ready . 
 as the seconds ticked by , lucas found himself fighting harder not to let the panic rise . 
 his father was invincible , he told himself . 
 `` he 'll be fine , lucas . 
 joseph is too stubborn to let anything happen to him , '' amy reassured him as her arms wrapped around him in a comforting embrace . 
 pulling her in closer , lucas ran his hand down the familiar softness of her hair , and gently kissed the top of her head , the feel of her , calming him , giving him the needed strength to press forward . 
 `` i 'm scared , '' he admitted , finally allowing a trace of his fear to show . 
 amy shook in his arms as she tried to control her own emotions from spilling out . 
 she and joseph had a special bond . 
 a father had been one of the many things amy had been deprived of as a child . 
 joseph had immediately opened his arms to her and she rushed right in . 
 she was the daughter he always wanted , but was never blessed with , and he was the father she 'd always dreamed of . 
 it would hurt her as much as lucas if joseph were to leave the world early . 
 amy pulled back and looked in lucas 's eyes . 
 her own were red and glassy and he could see she was fighting the tears from falling , trying to be strong for him . 
 `` thank you , '' he whispered . 
 she looked at him with confusion . 
 `` thank you for giving me the strength to get through this . 
 you humble me with nothing other than your presence . 
 thank you , amy . 
 you 're right . 
 he will be okay . 
 he 's far too stubborn to let go at such a young age . 
 i 'm ready now . 
 we need to be there for mom . 
 i do n't want her alone . '' 
 amy did n't reply as her built up tears finally fell , silently running down her cheeks . 
 he wrapped his arm around her as they rushed from the room . 
 `` over here , mark , '' lucas called as his brother and emily stepped into the emergency room . 
 the couple changed direction and quickly approached their group . 
 `` how are they ? 
 why are n't you with them ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 mark fired questions at the growing mass of people , containing his mom , brothers , cousins and many spouses . 
 `` we do n't know anything , yet . 
 it seems the only thing anyone in this freaking hospital knows how to say is , the doctor will be with you shortly , '' alex snapped . 
 `` alex , anger wo n't help your father or uncle . 
 please be patient , '' katherine said , her voice strong , though her face was pale with worry . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mom . 
 i just ... '' alex trailed off , anxiety written on his face . 
 `` how are you doing , mom . 
 can i do anything ? '' 
 emily asked as she pushed past the circle surrounding katherine and gave her a comforting hug . 
 `` i 'm hanging in there , darling . 
 joseph is n't ready to leave me just yet . 
 i know that and so does he , '' katherine said , though a tremor ran through her voice . 
 `` i 'd just feel better if they 'd let me see him , '' lucas thundered , his temper obviously close to the breaking point . 
 `` soon , lucas . 
 it will be soon , '' amy said , gently rubbing her hand along his arm , immediately calming him . 
 `` katherine , i got here as soon as i could , '' esther panted as she rushed into the room . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 have you heard anything , yet ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we 're still waiting . 
 thank you for coming . 
 i know it 's late , '' katherine said as esther wrapped her in a consoling embrace . 
 `` nonsense . 
 i 'd be terribly upset if no one had notified me . 
 i have to be here . 
 let 's look at the positive . 
 no news is good news , right ? 
 that means they 're fighting . 
 those men certainly know how to fight , '' esther said through her tears . 
 `` yes they do , esther , yes they do , '' katherine said with a watery laugh . 
 she was obviously glad to have her friend there . 
 `` i remember times when you would 've gladly run over joseph . 
 he 's got some thick skin and there 's no way one little accident will keep him down . 
 same goes for george . '' 
 `` you 're right again , esther . 
 that man ... well , let 's just say he has a way of keeping my heart accelerated . 
 they were out driving that blasted car i told him to sell months ago . 
 i truly despise those tiny things , '' katherine said . 
 the kids looked at her , all of them relieved to see her fear dim as anger took its place . 
 at least the anger brought a bit of color to her cheeks . 
 `` grown men trying to act like teenagers . 
 what were they thinking ? 
 we 'll just have to talk to them , '' esther threatened . 
 the two women continued to rant until they were interrupted by an approaching doctor . 
 `` what do you mean , you want him released ? 
 are you kidding me ! '' 
 kinsey snapped at the young doctor who did n't even bother looking up from the notes he was writing in joseph 's file . 
 `` he 's fine , nurse . 
 why do n't you do your job and let me do mine . '' 
 `` i 'm trying to do my job . 
 i 'm trying not to let you kill my patient ! '' 
 `` that 's enough . 
 either stop now or you can look for another job . '' 
 `` you do n't have the power to fire me . 
 i 'm not backing down . 
 i know this man and there is no way i 'm going to let anything happen to him , '' kinsey snapped . 
 she was losing her patience with the arrogant new doctor who was barely out of medical school . 
 she hated dealing with baby doctors , as the nursing staff called them . 
 some of them were just too damn arrogant to ask for help , even when they knew they were screwing up . 
 maybe in the hospital where he 'd done his residency , they did n't do more thorough checks on patients , but here , the doctors had confidence in the nursing staff and did n't usually fight them when they knew there was a problem . 
 he 's new , she reminded herself , trying to keep calm . 
 she knew joseph was n't even close to being ready to be released . 
 `` he sustained a head injury , doctor . 
 he needs a ct scan and a neuro consult , '' kinsey insisted . 
 `` look , i 've lost patience now . 
 i 've done a thorough evaluation on him and he 's fine . 
 his eyes are responsive . 
 his vitals are good . 
 i 'm releasing him . '' 
 the doctor walked away and kinsey wanted to throw her pen at his back . 
 she felt like a child on the verge of a major tantrum . 
 how hard was it to order a ct scan ? 
 joseph had been experiencing headaches since he 'd arrived . 
 it was common practice to order the scan . 
 she always fought hard for her patients , but this was joseph , and she 'd fight to the point of losing her job for him . 
 `` you can quit fighting for me now , kinsey . 
 i feel fine . 
 what i need to do is check on my brother , '' joseph whispered . 
 `` now , joseph , '' she gently admonished as she turned around . 
 `` i do n't think you 're in any way ready to make that call . 
 you were in a terrible wreck and have been fading in and out of consciousness . '' 
 kinsey rushed back over to his side and immediately picked up his hand and began checking his pulse . 
 he was still hooked up to the monitors , but she felt better double checking the equipment with the good-old-fashioned , hands-on approach . 
 `` i 'm tougher than i look . 
 right now the only thing i want is to see george , '' joseph repeated . 
 kinsey looked into his pain filled eyes and felt her own tear up . 
 she knew how much he was blaming himself for the accident . 
 she also knew that family was more important to him than anything else . 
 his family could n't afford to lose him , though , and she needed to get that through his head . 
 `` joseph , i understand that you 're tougher than a freight liner , but i think you 're in shock . 
 i 've seen this before . 
 i 'm very concerned about the headache you 've had since arriving . 
 i want you to have a ct scan and a consult with a neuro surgeon , '' kinsey argued . 
 now she was fighting with the doctor and her patient . 
 her job was rarely easy . 
 `` kinsey , dear , i 've been through worse than a little car accident . 
 i 'm okay . 
 now , listen to your doctor , and help me get out of here . 
 i need to check on my brother . '' 
 `` please , just indulge me for another hour ? 
 that 's not asking much . 
 i 'll personally go and check on george and come right back with an update , '' kinsey pleaded . 
 `` dad ! '' 
 lucas rushed into the room . 
 `` how are you feeling ? 
 what has the doctor said ? 
 where 's uncle george ? 
 i ca n't seem to get answers from anyone , '' lucas fired , not giving joseph enough time to answer before he fired off another question . 
 alex and mark came in right behind him , along with amy , jessica and emily . 
 kinsey smiled at the look of love and worry on their faces . 
 her best friend was indeed lucky to have married into such a beautiful family . 
 they were good people , inside and out . 
 she quietly slipped from the room so they could visit privately . 
 `` did you start the discharge process ? '' 
 kinsey took a fortifying breath before turning . 
 the same doctor was back , breathing down her neck . 
 she knew now it was just a power-of-wills . 
 he did n't care about the patient - he cared about his orders being followed . 
 `` as you can see , mr. anderson 's family just arrived . 
 he 'll be busy for a while answering their questions . 
 when he 's finished , i 'll start the discharge process , '' kinsey stalled . 
 `` do n't think i do n't know what you 're doing . 
 i will be reporting you to your supervisor . 
 get him discharged , now ! '' 
 `` you pompous , son-of-a-b ... '' `` stop right there . 
 i do n't care what it takes . 
 you 'll be escorted out of here within the next hour . 
 it 's either you , or me . '' 
 `` why ca n't you just admit to the fact that you may be wrong ? 
 it does n't hurt you , in the least , to order a ct scan and have a neurosurgeon do a consult . '' 
 kinsey was done dealing with the doctor . 
 she 'd go to her supervisor - but she was n't backing down . 
 `` you 're finished here , '' he snarled before walking off . 
 yes , i most likely am finished , she thought as she walked over to the nurses ' station and picked up the phone . 
 `` yes , dr. mason has ordered a neuro consult on a patient , joseph anderson , and it needs to be soon . 
 also , he 's ordered a ct scan , '' kinsey said . 
 not knowing the difference , they sent out the page , and kinsey turned toward the room joseph was in . 
 she felt it in her gut that something was wrong . 
 the doctor would be furious with her , but she did n't care . 
 if joseph turned out to be okay , it was worth the doctor 's wrath . 
 she 'd already made the decision to sacrifice her job . 
 `` kinsey ! '' 
 kinsey turned just in time to catch cassie as she threw herself at her . 
 she had to fight her frustrated tears from falling as cassie broke down in her arms . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're here , kins . 
 they wo n't tell us anything . 
 we finally got to come see uncle joseph , but we still know nothing about my dad . 
 do you know anything ? '' 
 cassie asked as she leaned back . 
 `` i 'm sorry , cass . 
 i 've been with joseph the whole time but i 'll make some calls and see what i can find out about george , '' kinsey quickly assured her friend . 
 `` i just do n't understand how something so awful happens to two of the most wonderful men i know , '' cassie said , still holding onto kinsey . 
 `` i do n't know , cass . 
 i see it every single day , and i still do n't get it . 
 so many tragedies , so senseless . 
 but , they 're both alive , cass . 
 do n't give up on them . '' 
 `` i know , i know . 
 i 'm just ... my hormones ... i 'm sorry , '' cass shook as her tears fell freely . 
 `` you have n't mentioned depression , '' kinsey said with concern . 
 `` no , it 's just a bit of the post baby blues . 
 i 'm okay , and ariel is amazing , the best three-month-old baby in the world . 
 it 's just that something like this happens and my hormone ridden brain goes a little haywire , '' cassie said . 
 `` i understand , cass . 
 if george has to be here a few days , you need to bring ariel in to visit him . 
 you know that seeing her will heal him faster than any medicine this hospital can provide . '' 
 `` that 's a great idea . 
 i 'll talk to max about it . 
 i do n't like being away from her very long anyway . 
 she 's still so tiny , plus i 'm nursing . 
 i just did n't want to bring her down here in the middle of the night , especially with not knowing anything , '' cassie explained . 
 `` that was smart . 
 she ca n't be in the emergency room , anyway . 
 wait until he 's moved to a private room . '' 
 `` how much longer are you on shift ? '' 
 `` i have a few hours to go . 
 i can come with you to check on joseph , though . '' 
 `` good , '' cassie said as she took kinsey 's arm and started leading her toward the room . 
 `` nurse stellar , a word . '' 
 kinsey turned to see the young doctor again . 
 it really was going to be a long night . 
 `` i 'll be there in a minute , cass . 
 go ahead . '' 
 `` i think i should stay with you , kins . 
 that doctor seems unstable , '' cassie whispered . 
 kinsey knew it was the stress of the situation , but she suddenly had to fight off a burst of laughter wanting to escape . 
 the look on the doctor 's face , all red with small bubbles of spit in the corner of his far too thin lips , combined with the uncertain look cassie was sending his way was too much . 
 kinsey turned to reassure her friend that she was okay , when alarms started ringing . 
 any thoughts of laughter were immediately cut off . 
 `` someone help ! '' 
 kinsey and the doctor ended their standoff and faced the room . 
 kinsey immediately responded . 
 `` code blue ! '' 
 kinsey yelled as she rushed into the room . 
 her fear had just become realized . 
 joseph had tried to stand up , stubborn man that he was , and instantly collapsed into lucas 's arms . 
 the nurses rushed forward as they took his vitals . 
 `` his eyes are n't responding . '' 
 `` blood pressure 's rapidly dropping . '' 
 `` we 're losing his pulse . '' 
 `` start cpr , now ! '' 
 `` he 's not breathing . '' 
 `` start compression . '' 
 words . 
 rapidly fired . 
 a jumble of words , one sentence rushing over the top of the next . 
 kinsey knew his family was terrified , knew they would only catch pieces , the worst pieces , in the conversation . 
 it almost sounds like a different language to someone not working in the medical industry , but it translated effortlessly to kinsey 's ears . 
 she knew those words , knew them in her sleep . 
 she moved on autopilot , just as the team around her did the same . 
 they were n't only trained , but trained well . 
 they 'd make sure he survived . 
 `` i 've got a good radial pulse . '' 
 `` we 've got an airway established . '' 
 `` blood pressure 's still too low . '' 
 `` get a ct scan , stat , and call neuro . '' 
 the doctor did n't even look at her as he yelled his command to be overheard in the chaotic room . 
 `` yes , doctor , '' a nurse replied as she rushed out . 
 just then the neuro surgeon , who kinsey had called for earlier , stepped into the room . 
 the doctor she 'd been fighting with sent a glare her way . 
 she knew their argument was far from over . 
 he was n't happy about her being right . 
 she did n't care about his ego . 
 she would 've much rather been wrong . 
 however , it looked like her insight might save joseph 's life . 
 that was all that mattered to her . 
 the staff quickly prepared joseph for transport , and then rushed him out the door . 
 kinsey walked from the room , down the hall , and then slipped inside a broom closet . 
 she sank down the wall and gripped her head in her hands . 
 it was never easy dealing with a patient you cared about . 
 she knew there were no guarantee 's when a surgeon cut into a patient 's brain . 
 she was scared for this family she 'd come to know and respect . 
 `` why the hell ca n't i get any answers ! '' 
 austin roared at the receptionist . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir . 
 if you 'll please just have a seat , the doctor should be out shortly . '' 
 the woman had nerves of steel . 
 he wanted to jump across the desk and strangle her , which was new for him . 
 normally , he never had an ill thought about a woman - ever . 
 `` come on , austin . 
 you 're not going to get anywhere terrorizing the staff , '' max said as he wrapped his arm around his brother and tugged him away from the desk . 
 `` why ca n't anyone give us information ? 
 it 's been hours . 
 dad 's still in surgery and uncle joseph 's currently getting his head sliced open . 
 you 'd think they 'd tell us something at this point . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but you have to remain calm . 
 bree 's falling apart and she needs us to be confident . 
 we have to have faith in the doctors here . 
 besides , you know how strong our father and uncle are . 
 they will pull through this . '' 
 austin grumbled as he started pacing the room . 
 he needed something , anything to get his mind off what was going on . 
 he did n't know what he 'd do if something happened to either of the men . 
 he could n't stand being in the hospital . 
 he hated everything about the place , the smell , look , feel . 
 he 'd spent too many hours in one when his mother had been fighting for her life . 
 a fight she 'd lost . 
 he ran his hand through his hair as anger , fatigue , confusion and grief poured through him . 
 he needed to get out of there , but he could n't leave . 
 he did n't want to even think about what it would do to his family if they lost their dad . 
 they could n't lose both parents . 
 no . 
 just , no . 
 he would n't go there . 
 it would n't happen - it could n't . 
 he paced the room to the point he was sure his footprints would be permanently stamped into the floor . 
 after about the hundredth time across , he turned , then froze in place . 
 `` kinsey , '' he whispered . 
 austin closed his eyes as he allowed himself a moment to remember his night with kinsey a year ago at cassie 's wedding . 
 thinking of her always sent fire through his veins , and he was grateful to have the distraction . 
 anything was better than the suffering he was going through while waiting to hear about his father . 
 he shut out the noise around him as he thought back ... he 'd spotted kinsey on the dance floor , her shiny lips open as laughter spilled freely from her . 
 he 'd been instantly intrigued , deciding he had to meet the incredibly lovely bridesmaid . 
 it was a wedding , after-all . 
 the groomsmen and bridesmaids were expected to hook up . 
 he grabbed a couple flutes of champagne from a passing waiter , then approached her , dripping with confidence . 
 he had no reason to feel anything other than on top of the world . 
 women adored him . 
 `` excuse me , but i noticed you looked thirsty , '' he said , giving her his sexiest smile . 
 she was worth his full bag of charm , after-all . 
 he needed to thank his new sister-in-law because the dresses she 'd picked were stunning , showcasing the woman 's assets to perfection . 
 his groin tightened as he pictured peeling the satin fabric off her . 
 `` how nice of you , but no thanks . '' 
 austin stood there as she turned and walked away . 
 he knew his mouth was hanging open , but he was at a loss for words . 
 his eyes were glued to the sensual movement of her h * ps as she crossed the floor , before a flood of bodies swallowed her up . 
 he drained his glass , then smiled from ear to ear . 
 a challenge ! 
 he spent the next two hours trying to convince her to dance . 
 when she finally agreed , he felt like he won the lottery . 
 pulling her onto the dance floor , her curves melted against him , sending his body into permanent meltdown . 
 his hand slid low as he pulled her close so she 'd have no doubt of his desire . 
 her eyes widened as he pushed against her , a groan rumbling from his chest . 
 he knew they 'd both had too much to drink . 
 he knew something was off , but he did n't listen to his conscious . 
 after dancing for hours , laughing , talking , flirting , he carried her up the stairs to his guest room . 
 he 'd never forget how it felt having their bodies entwined . 
 kinsey 's curves pressed against his own . 
 the sound of his name gasped from her lips as he sank deep within her . 
 `` austin ? 
 hey , earth to austin . '' 
 austin opened his eyes to find his brother standing next to him , but he could n't quite focus on what he was saying , his mind foggy as he tried to push the memories back where they came from . 
 with kinsey being so close , it was n't easy . 
 just seeing her made him ache . 
 their night together had been the most passion filled and satisfying night he could ever remember . 
 the next morning he 'd woken to find her gone . 
 not able to get her out of his mind , he 'd called her , stopped by her house , even begged cassie for information - all of it was to no avail . 
 she avoided him like he was contagious - he did n't get it . 
 normally , women were slipping keys into his pockets , phone numbers in his fingers , making it more than clear they were available for his pleasure , day or night . 
 the one woman he wanted a second date with could n't seem to get far enough away from him . 
 he finally found her at one of his family holiday parties . 
 she 'd told him she 'd made a mistake , and she 'd rather forget about the entire night . 
 he 'd managed to change her mind , though , once again getting her to dance with him , until they 'd ended up sneaking off for a little privacy . 
 he 'd nearly taken her again on one of the private balconies . 
 someone had interrupted them , and the next thing he knew , she was gone again . 
 the next time he 'd seen her had been at bree 's wedding , only a few months ago . 
 she 'd once again tried to ignore him , but then , their eyes met across the room , hers unguarded for just a moment , and the need he saw in her stormy brown depths nearly dropped him to his knees . 
 he wanted to throw her over his shoulder , and find somewhere they could be alone , so he could love her until they were both fully sated . 
 he 'd managed to stop himself - just barely . 
 `` what stopped you in your tracks so suddenly ? 
 i thought you might be on a mission to carve a path in the floor . 
 i 've been trying to get your attention for like five minutes as you stare into space , '' trenton went on , his face looked worried . 
 he probably thought his brother had finally snapped . 
 maybe he had . 
 `` kinsey . '' 
 he did n't need to say any more . 
 his brothers had ribbed him endlessly after the wedding , then later , when he 'd chased her at the christmas party . 
 they knew she 'd made an impact on him , but since he had n't said anything about her in months , they 'd laid off . 
 from the look on his brother 's face , he was about to get another dose of brotherly goading . 
 trenton whistled as his head turned and he took in kinsey 's petite frame . 
 scrubs normally were n't known for their sex appeal , but she looked damn good in her light green cotton pair . 
 with her hair pulled back in a sloppy bun and devoid of makeup , she looked like a teenager , instead of a woman , though he knew first hand she was no school girl . 
 his groin tightened even more . 
 `` i ca n't believe there is n't a ring on her finger . 
 what 's the hold-up , anyway ? 
 you obviously want her , so why do n't you do something about it ? '' 
 `` i 'm not interested , '' austin lied . 
 `` you going to ever tell me what happened ? '' 
 `` nothing to tell . 
 i thought about it , but ... '' `` so you would n't mind if i told my friend , mick about her ... '' `` she 's not available , '' austin quickly interrupted . 
 `` you sound awfully possessive for nothing going on , '' trenton accused . 
 austin decided the comment did n't warrant a response . 
 he knew his brothers well and if he gave them even an inch , they 'd have him by the scruff of his neck . 
 for a few simple moments , the two brothers had something other than stress to focus on . 
 their father and uncle were n't forgotten about , but the distraction was welcomed . 
 it certainly saved the nursing staff from at least two of the anderson men harassing them for an update every two minutes . 
 austin 's eyes shifted back to where kinsey was in the middle of a heated debate about something . 
 his curiosity was peaked . 
 `` why do n't you go on over and play the knight in shining armor . '' 
 `` have you ever heard of minding your own business ? '' 
 austin finally said . 
 `` hard to ignore a sexy brunette , '' trenton quickly replied . 
 `` maybe i 'll go ahead and tell jennifer you 're ogling other women , '' austin threatened . 
 trenton held his hands up in surrender . 
 he knew when he was beaten . 
 `` i can appreciate an attractive woman because no one comes even close to comparing to jennifer . 
 she 's beautiful , incredibly sexy and makes my head spin . 
 i ca n't imagine not having her in my life . '' 
 `` you 've gone soft , '' austin mocked , but there was no heat behind his words . 
 he loved his sister-in-law and was glad his brother had been lucky enough to find someone so special . 
 she was a true gem . 
 surprisingly , all his family members had been lucky in marriage . 
 he was the only holdout at this point . 
 it was starting to feel a bit lonely at family gatherings as he watched his brothers and cousins finding corners to neck in . 
 they all seemed so much happier than when they were single ... `` when was your last serious relationship ? 
 you seem more of a bear than usual . 
 maybe if you got a girlfriend , you would n't wake up all hot and bothered , taking your bad mood out on the rest of us . '' 
 `` considering that 's none of your business , i 'll just choose to ignore your asinine comments , '' austin replied . 
 he felt like taking trenton 's head off , but that would only prove the man right . 
 he did n't think he 'd been grumpy . 
 maybe he did need to find a woman for a night of no-holds-bar-pleasure . 
 the thought turned his stomach , though . 
 his eyes automatically went back to kinsey . 
 it seemed she was the only one who was causing a stir in his incredibly tense body . 
 `` wow , that long , huh ? '' 
 trenton said with a whistle . 
 austin glared at him while trenton continued . 
 `` truth hurts , brother . '' 
 kinsey shifted and austin 's stomach clenched . 
 she ran her slender fingers across her cheek , capturing a few tendrils of escaped hair , before tucking them behind her ear . 
 he could see her dark brown eyes glittering with agitation as she gestured to the doctor . 
 he could just make out the sprinkling of freckles across her pale nose , the combination all adding to her unique beauty . 
 she was stunning , which helped his desire , but certainly did n't define it . 
 his eyes ran down the column of her neck , to the slight ` v ' of her scrubs . 
 his fingers itched as he imagined holding the weight of her perfect br ** sts in his hands . 
 he knew her n ** ples hardened at the slightest touch . 
 she was so incredibly responsive . 
 `` i need a drink , '' austin said too loudly . 
 trenton looked at him , then at kinsey , then back to him again with a knowing expression on his face . 
 `` i do n't think they serve what you need , here . 
 i 'll take you to the bar as soon as we get information , '' trenton promised . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 this has just been a stressful night , '' austin said , making himself calm down . 
 `` so , are you going to talk to her , or are you going to torture yourself more ? '' 
 trenton asked as the two men watched the doctor walk away . 
 kinsey 's head was bent down , either in frustration or defeat . 
 austin was surprised by the surge of overprotectiveness coursing through him . 
 `` i 'm just going to find out what 's going on , not that it 's any of your business . '' 
 `` sure ... '' `` why do n't you go harass some of our other family members ? '' 
 austin snapped . 
 he knew trenton was trying to push his buttons . 
 well , congrats , he 'd done it . 
 `` okay , okay , i get it . 
 i 'll mind my own business . 
 just remember the saying about honey , vinegar and insects . 
 whatever mom used to say , though i still have n't figured out why anyone would want to catch flies . '' 
 austin ignored him as he moved forward . 
 it was time to talk to kinsey . 
 his heart rate picked up as he stepped closer . 
 she had n't noticed him yet . 
 he liked having the element of surprise on his side . 
 she 'd managed to avoid him for months . 
 well , she was at work now , and could n't run away . 
 how he wanted to play games with her . 
 very , very adult games , where they both walked away fully satisfied winners . 
 kinsey allowed herself to sag next to the wall for just a moment . 
 the idiot doctor was n't going to rest until he had her head on a platter . 
 she 'd been right , him wrong , and his huge ego could n't deal with the fact . 
 he was heading to her supervisor with a list of grievances against her . 
 she may not have a job by the end of the day . 
 she did n't care . 
 it would be worth it if joseph pulled through . 
 after a few seconds , she lifted her head , squared her shoulders and decided she was n't going to be a victim . 
 the new doctor could try and get her fired , but she was n't going down without a fight . 
 if he wanted to throw out accusations , then she 'd be there to defend herself . 
 with fire burning in her eyes , she took a step toward the corridor . 
 before she could get far , a man 's voice stopped her in her tracks . 
 `` looks like you 're having problems . '' 
 kinsey stopped with her foot still in the air . 
 she slowly turned her head and came face to face with austin . 
 she knew he 'd be at the hospital . 
 after all , his father and uncle were both here , but she 'd really hoped to avoid him . 
 she desperately worked to compose her features , not wanting him to know how his presence affected her . 
 she never had one night stands . 
 never ! 
 for some reason , though , she had n't been able to resist him at her best friend 's wedding . 
 he 'd been suave , romantic , and funny - the perfect guy . 
 knowing she 'd made a mistake the second she awoke the next morning , she 'd slipped from his bed and ran as fast as she could . 
 regret nipping at her toes the entire way . 
 each time she 'd seen him since , her stomach fluttered and her body heated . 
 she 'd ended up coming close to a repeat performance of what had happened at cassie 's wedding . 
 she 'd come to the family christmas party at cassie 's insistence , then practically made love to him on the andersons balcony . 
 after that incident , she knew she could n't trust herself to be alone with him without somehow losing articles of her clothes . 
 he was no good for her , she knew that , but convincing her body was a whole other matter . 
 leaning against the wall , looking as striking as ever , even in the blaring florescent lights of the hospital , he had her speechless . 
 her eyes traveled down his fitted shirt to the worn jeans covering his impressive build . 
 a shudder traveled down her spine and her mouth filled with moisture . 
 she stiffened her knees to keep from sinking into a puddle at his feet and braced herself as she looked into his wintry blue eyes , where a sensual storm was brewing behind their gleaming surface . 
 `` hello , austin . '' 
 `` been a while . '' 
 the way he said the words was an accusation , not a statement . 
 `` could 've been longer , '' she quickly replied . 
 he raised his brows and the corner of his lip quivered . 
 kinsey immediately felt terrible that she was snapping at him , considering his family was admitted in the hospital . 
 what kind of person acts that way ? 
 `` i 'm sorry about your family , austin . 
 our staff is doing a wonderful job with them , '' she said , making sure her tone stayed professional . 
 `` thank you , '' he murmured , worry infusing his eyes until she saw him visibly push it back . 
 it seemed he was refusing to focus on what he could n't control . 
 she 'd seen the same thing with many of her patients ' families . 
 `` how have you been , kinsey ? '' 
 there was no way she was going there with him . 
 `` i have work to do , '' she said , turning to leave . 
 his hand snaked out and gripped her arm . 
 he applied just enough pressure to let her know he was n't planning on letting go anytime soon , but not so much that it hurt . 
 kinsey had to fight her body 's desire to lean into his touch as her memory played full color in her head of that same hand sliding across her skin , making her moan in pleasure . 
 she could tell by the way he was gazing at her that he wanted to cart her to the nearest room , giving her a repeat performance of their night together . 
 how she 'd love to accept his unspoken offer . 
 let him take away her stress , causing the awful day to fade away while she lost herself in his embrace . 
 why not ? 
 because you are n't this girl he thinks you are ! 
 you do n't do one night stands , well , you do n't do them twice , she assured herself . 
 `` surely you have time for an old lover . '' 
 kinsey gasped at his boldness . 
 she looked around , hoping no one was listening . 
 luckily , they were semi-alone at the moment . 
 `` a one night stand does n't make us old lovers , austin . '' 
 `` it could be so much more than one night . 
 you look stressed . 
 i can help with that , '' he offered as his eyes darkened . 
 her n ** ples hardened to the point of pain , and her stomach began doing flips . 
 luckily her knees were still locked . 
 she knew he was n't a commitment kind of guy , though . 
 he 'd made that abundantly clear at the wedding . 
 she 'd known then that he only wanted a romp in the sheets . 
 she 'd been proud of the fact that she 'd been able to resist him . 
 well , she had until about the fourth , or maybe sixth , manhattan drink . 
 all her life , men had assumed that because she was well-endowed , she was a tramp . 
 she 'd learned the hard way how far they 'd go to sleep with her . 
 flowers . 
 jewelry . 
 expensive dinners . 
 flattery . 
 the list went on and on . 
 that was their idea of foreplay . 
 austin was a known playboy and his looks and money had gotten him just about any woman he 'd ever wanted . 
 she knew he only pursued her because she was most likely the first to tell him , no . 
 well , he 'd just have to learn when no meant exactly that . 
 the aching in her body contradicted her self-pep-talk . 
 she wanted him - without a doubt . 
 so what , she thought . 
 she was strong . 
 she would n't cave . 
 she 'd done a lot of self-sacrifice in her life . 
 she could certainly handle a few minutes in austin 's presence without jumping him , or letting him ravish her . 
 `` i like your scrubs . 
 are those little bears ? '' 
 he asked as his finger ran down the side of her top , coming increasingly close to the edge of her br ** sts . 
 her air lodged in her lungs . 
 she did n't know whether she should pull away or lean into the touch . 
 maybe it was time to accept one of the other dates she 'd been offered lately . 
 she shook off the shudder and stiffened her shoulders . 
 `` what do you want , austin ? '' 
 `` you seemed upset . 
 i thought i could help . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` then what was the argument with the doctor about ? '' 
 kinsey blew out her held breath and started silently counting . 
 she needed to get away from him , from whatever game he was playing , but he was n't leaving until she gave him something . 
 `` we had a difference of opinion . 
 it 's no big deal , '' she lied . 
 in reality she knew she might very well be jobless in just a few hours . 
 `` you seem pretty upset for it not to be that big of a deal , '' he countered . 
 `` i was trying to be polite . 
 let me put it another way . 
 it 's none of your business , '' she finally snapped . 
 her words did n't have the slightest impact on him . 
 instead of being offended , he gave her his most seductive smile that instantly made her throat close . 
 screw it , just five minutes , she offered herself before sanity came back and she resisted reaching for him . 
 `` okay , be stubborn , but you know i 'll find out anyway , '' he said . 
 kinsey was happy to feel her temper rising . 
 anger , at least , pushed down her unwanted lust . 
 `` have fun with that , '' kinsey snapped as she finally wrenched her arm from his grasp . 
 she turned and quickly walked down the hallway , refusing to allow herself to turn back and look at him . 
 she gritted her teeth when she heard his chuckle following her . 
 arrogant , self-serving , pompous man ! 
 chapter three `` katherine anderson ? '' 
 `` yes , i 'm here . '' 
 katherine rose from her seat with grace , though an obvious tremble was evident . 
 a doctor approached , his eyes focused on the large family gathered around katherine . 
 austin stood back from the crowd , his emotions too volatile for him to speak with anyone . 
 fear and anger struggled for a stronghold inside him . 
 the news had to be good . 
 their family could n't handle the tragedy of losing either his father or uncle . 
 `` i 'm dr. weston . 
 i operated on your husband . '' 
 total silence greeted his words . 
 the family waited , afraid to even breathe . 
 `` first , i want to let you know joseph is alive , '' he said . 
 a single tear slipped down katherine 's cheek . 
 as if in slow motion , austin focused on it as it held on for an endless moment , before dripping from her chin , slowly falling to the floor . 
 the rest of the family members released a collective sigh of relief . 
 `` he 's in critical condition and we 're monitoring him in the i.c.u. i do n't want to give you false hope . 
 it does n't look good right now . 
 if it were n't for nurse shelton , i would n't be delivering good news at the moment . '' 
 the doctor let his words settle in . 
 austin tensed , finally putting together what was going on with her and the angry doctor . 
 she must 've defied his orders . 
 `` your husband had an epidural hematoma . 
 in short form , there was swelling outside the brain tissue , and hemorrhages occurred within . 
 usually in these cases the patient has a lucid period , which joseph had . 
 symptoms do n't always present themselves , making it hard for an admitting doctor to know there 's an emergency . 
 in your husband 's case , had he went home before collapsing , the injury would have most likely been fatal . 
 we were able to get inside his head before it caused severe damage to the brain . 
 however , once we were in , we found another problem . '' 
 everyone waited , not wanting to interrupt . 
 dr. weston paused before continuing . 
 austin knew the situation was n't good . 
 he also knew he needed to thank kinsey . 
 `` once we got inside , we found a small mass . 
 your husband was in the first stages of brain cancer . 
 we were able to remove it , getting it all out . 
 luckily , it was small , and there did n't seem to be any damage from surgery . 
 because of the severe trauma joseph has suffered , though , he 's in a coma now . 
 unfortunately , i ca n't tell you anything else at this point . 
 the next seventy-two hours are critical . 
 i do want to warn you that in cases like this , sometimes the patient never does wake . '' 
 `` can i please see my husband ? '' 
 katherine asked . 
 her voice quiet , but austin noted the strength underlying the pain she was feeling . 
 he was once again impressed with his aunt . 
 `` yes , but only for a short visit . 
 no more than two people can be in his room at a time . '' 
 `` i 'll take you , mom , '' lucas said , his arm locked around her . 
 `` we 'll be here waiting , '' amy said as she gave her mother-in-law a quick hug . 
 `` thank you , dear , '' katherine replied before following a nurse through the double doors leading to the intensive care unit . 
 `` do you have any information on my father , george anderson ? '' 
 austin asked as soon as katherine was out of the room . 
 he did n't want to add to her stress , but he had n't heard anything yet . 
 `` your father should be out of surgery soon and his doctor will be out to speak with you . 
 i knew you 'd have questions , but i did n't want to interrupt the procedure . 
 he was still holding on and from what the doctor 's assistant said , his vitals were good . 
 once again , i do n't want to give false hope or speak out of turn , but he was still alive when i came out , '' dr. weston answered . 
 austin nearly sagged with relief . 
 bree 's tears flowed as she heard the first news of her father since learning of the accident . 
 chad lifted her in his arms and carried her back to one of the chairs , sitting down to comfort her . 
 austin was grateful she was n't alone . 
 chad would be a rock for her to lean on through all of this . 
 `` thank you , '' trenton spoke up . 
 they stood there silently for a moment , no one seeming to know what to do . 
 `` i 'll go for coffee , '' cassie volunteered . 
 `` i 'll help . 
 i ca n't keep sitting here , feeling helpless , '' jessica said . 
 the two women walked from the room . 
 austin waited for what seemed like hours before the doors opened again and another doctor looked around the room . 
 when he spotted them , he made his way over . 
 `` trenton anderson ? '' 
 `` yes , '' trenton quickly stepped forward . 
 `` your father , george , is out of surgery . 
 he hit his head on the side of the door , causing minor swelling in the brain . 
 it does n't appear to be threatening at this time , but we always carefully monitor head injuries . 
 he also sustained a broken leg , two broken ribs , and his lung was punctured . 
 we 've been able to operate successfully , but we 've had to place him in a medically induced coma because the pain would be excruciating if he were awake . 
 we 've been extra cautious , too , because of his recent heart attack . 
 i understand that both your father and uncle are in here , and i wish i could give you more information , but the only thing i can tell you at this time is that he 's stable . 
 of course the next twenty-four hours are critical . 
 we 'll monitor him closely to make sure he does n't have any negative reactions from the surgery , or any further symptoms from the collision . 
 as of now , his chances are better than fifty percent at this time . '' 
 `` can we see him ? '' 
 bree asked . 
 `` yes , but he 's in the i.c.u for the next twenty-four to forty-eight hours , so only two at a time . 
 please be quiet in the room , and only stay for fifteen minutes at a time . 
 he needs to rest right now . 
 that 's the best medicine for him . '' 
 `` thank you , doctor , '' austin said as he stepped forward and shook the man 's hand . 
 `` i 'll take bree back first , then you and max can go , '' trenton said to austin . 
 austin and max paced , neither of them saying a word as they waited their turn to see their father . 
 the seconds ticked by , each one dragging . 
 finally , the door opened and a sniffling bree ran into the arms of chad . 
 trenton looked like he was n't holding himself together well , either , but austin gave him space , knowing his brother needed a few minutes to compose his expression . 
 he and max quickly walked through the doors together . 
 they did n't know what to expect , but when they entered their father 's room and saw george lying in the bed with wires running from his body to different machines , austin had to swallow the bile in his throat . 
 austin knew accidents happened every day . 
 he knew tragedy struck families , but losing his mother had been the hardest event of his life , and he just did n't know how they 'd get through the loss of another parent . 
 the two men made their way to the bed and austin slumped in a chair and gently took his father 's hand . 
 he rested his forehead on their joined hands , and for the first time he could remember , offered a silent prayer . 
 `` he 's strong , brother . 
 he 'll make it through . 
 so will uncle joseph , '' max uttered in a whisper . 
 that was what austin needed to hear - what he had to believe . 
 `` you have to wake up , dad . 
 we need you , '' austin pled , feeling like a teenager again , needing his father 's reassurance that everything would be okay . 
 they sat silently for the rest of their allotted time . 
 when the nurse came to let them know their time was up , they slowly made their way back to the lobby . 
 upon returning , katherine was back , tears silently streaming down her cheeks . 
 the next few days would be a test of their endurance , that was for sure . 
 `` mom , let 's get you something to eat , '' lucas said , but she only shook her head . 
 `` he will recover and when he does , he 's going to need us to be strong . 
 they both will . 
 it wo n't do dad or uncle george any good for us to mourn them as if they are n't coming back . 
 please , let 's have breakfast , then i 'm sure we can find out more information , '' mark said . 
 emily sat next to katherine , offering a shoulder , doing her best to appear positive . 
 `` okay , '' katherine finally agreed . 
 they made their way slowly down the maze of halls until they reached the cafeteria . 
 most of the food went untouched , but they were doing the best they could . 
 the day stretched without any changes on joseph and george . 
 all of them tried to agree that was a good thing , but still , the waiting ... it was excruciating . 
 `` you saved joseph anderson 's life . 
 this hospital is very grateful that you refused to back down , even though most people would have . 
 i want to reassure you that the matter has been investigated and you were n't in the wrong . 
 normally , you never go over one of the doctors ' heads , but this was an extreme case . 
 had you not had the neuro surgeon called , joseph most likely would n't have made it through the night , let alone the past four , '' kinsey 's supervisor said as they sat in her office . 
 joseph and george had been at the hospital for a total of four days . 
 she checked on them every chance she got , but she 'd been careful to avoid austin . 
 it had n't been easy , but so far , so good . 
 she 'd also been able to see cassie often , and lend a shoulder for her grief filled friend . 
 with each passing day , the stress lifted a bit , though . 
 every time the men made it through another night , they each got stronger . 
 `` thank you , '' kinsey mumbled . 
 `` george anderson is showing signs of improvement . 
 at the family 's request we 've moved him to a room where his brother can be placed with him . 
 we 're going to bring george out of his coma tonight . 
 joseph is stable now , enough to be moved . 
 the family believes it will help the twin brothers heal faster , if they are next to each other . '' 
 `` that 's wonderful news , '' kinsey replied . 
 she did n't know why her supervisor was telling her this , though . 
 she knew some of the news already , because cassie had told her , but there was no need for her to tell her supervisor that . 
 `` you look confused . 
 i understand . 
 we do n't normally share this information with the staff , but the family has insisted on you being the charge nurse for joseph and george , since you have experience in both the ed and icu , and of course , since you saved joseph 's life . 
 with the amount of money they 've provided this hospital , they can make a request for the moon and we 're going to try our best to get it for them . 
 asking for you to be their charge nurse is an easy request to fill . '' 
 kinsey felt both honored and yet terrified at the same time . 
 what if something happened to either of the men while on her watch ? 
 she was confident in herself , knowing she was great at her job , but these were n't regular patients . 
 both men were loved by so many people . 
 it was a huge weight on her chest to be the primary nurse in charge of their care . 
 then , there was austin . 
 how could she possibly avoid him if she was caring for his father and uncle each day ? 
 she had no choice but to accept the offer , though . 
 `` joseph and george will be your main priority during this time . 
 you 'll work twelve hour shifts , six days a week . 
 i know you 've been asking for all the overtime you can get . 
 well , you 've now gotten it . 
 the family knows you need to sleep , but they 've requested for you to stay nearby so if anything goes wrong , you can be on-call . 
 they 've been very generous with supporting the extra funding to pay for the added expense . '' 
 `` i 'm honored , '' kinsey finally replied . 
 `` your shift starts tomorrow at seven . 
 go home , get some rest , and pack what you need . 
 it 's going to be a long week . 
 i have a feeling this assignment wo n't be a short one . 
 although george is recovering well , joseph ... '' she trailed off . 
 no one on staff liked to jinx a patient , even if the situation looked hopeless . 
 `` thank you , '' kinsey said before she made her way from the room . 
 she 'd just have to do the best she could for both of her patients and herself . 
 austin was just a guy , right ? 
 he did n't hold control over her . 
 she could handle being around him in a professional environment . 
 she would n't be affected by him . 
 she did n't even like him . 
 as she gave herself a little pep talk , her stomach clenched . 
 she knew she was lying to herself . 
 she wanted to see him , to be near him . 
 she just did n't want to want that . 
 a few hours later , kinsey stood by as the doctors carefully removed his breathing tube , then weaned off the medicine to bring george out of his coma . 
 as he slowly came to , his family crowded the room , worried looks on each of their faces . 
 `` dad ? '' 
 bree questioned as his eyes fluttered open . 
 `` bree ? '' 
 he muttered , his voice raspy . 
 `` dad ! 
 thank goodness , '' bree cried as she pushed past a nurse and knelt beside her father 's bed . 
 the largest tears of gratitude , relief and thanks fell from her rounded doe eyes as a delighted smile turned up the corners of her mouth . 
 `` i 've been so worried . 
 you have got to quit scaring me like that , '' she demanded . 
 `` joseph ? '' 
 he croaked . 
 `` he 's right next to you , dad . 
 look to your left . 
 see , right there , '' she answered while pointing to his bed . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` he 's stable , dad . 
 he 's doing really well . 
 they got the problem fixed , but he 's in a coma right now . 
 i do n't want you to worry . 
 the hospital 's taking excellent care of him . 
 he 's just worked too hard for too long , and this is his body 's way of telling him he needs a nice long nap , '' bree said . 
 george had a tear in his eye , but the corners of his mouth lifted at his daughter 's positive attitude . 
 he finally looked up , and smiled more when he saw that all of his family was there . 
 `` we 've missed you , dad . 
 i agree with bree . 
 you need to start taking better care of yourself , '' trenton said as he stepped forward . 
 `` yeah . 
 aunt katherine said there are no more joy rides for you two , '' max added as he came and squeezed his father 's hand . 
 `` not unless you want to face her wrath , that is , '' austin added . 
 `` that 's right , george anderson . 
 you certainly wo n't be getting any more joy rides . 
 i ca n't handle seeing you in a hospital bed twice in such a short amount of time , '' katherine said as she sat in the chair next to his bed . 
 `` i 've missed you , my friend . 
 your brother is strong . 
 bree 's right , he 's simply catching up on some much needed rest . 
 what i need from you is to not worry about him . 
 i need you to get better , so you can help me bring joseph back . '' 
 george 's eyes filled and spilled over at katherine 's words . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he whispered . 
 `` you will not do that , george . 
 i wo n't allow you to take any of the blame . 
 it was n't joseph 's or your fault . 
 it was that disgusting man who made a conscious decision to drink too much , and then decide to get behind the wheel of a vehicle . 
 sadly , for his family , he wo n't be coming home . 
 he was selfish and now his poor children have to bury their father . 
 i am thanking god daily that you and joseph are still with me . 
 now , i better not hear even one more apology from you , '' she scolded , looking him in the eye . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i love you too , george . 
 you know you 'll always be one of my best friend 's . 
 for some reason , seeing you in the checkered hospital gown reminds me of when we were in our twenties , dancing all night and laughing until dawn . 
 you must have had a button up shirt with a similar pattern . 
 but enough of the past . 
 we need to focus on now and getting you out of here . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said , a small but genuine smile appearing . 
 `` george ! '' 
 esther cried as she walked into the room , her face lit up . 
 `` you 're awake , '' she finished as she quickly moved to sit next to katherine . 
 she and george stared into each other 's eyes , before esther seemed to realize everyone in the room was watching them . 
 `` i 'm so happy to see you talking , '' she said as she quickly sat back , looking uncomfortable . 
 `` thanks for coming , '' george whispered , looking at esther , then his eyes roamed across the room , including everyone in his heartfelt appreciation . 
 kinsey stepped outside the doors so they could speak privately . 
 what a beautiful family they made . 
 chapter four an entire week and he 'd been on his best behavior . 
 in and out . 
 out and in . 
 more in than out . 
 torture ! 
 austin watched as kinsey walked into the room for the fourth time that day , and felt his muscles tense . 
 he 'd tried talking to her several times , but she was great at giving him her most professional smile before turning her back to him . 
 he was getting sick of playing mr. nice guy . 
 `` kinsey , i need to discuss a few things about my father with you . 
 i have n't had a chance to eat yet so let 's do it over lunch , '' austin said , knowing he was putting her on the spot . 
 her supervisor was in the room and he knew kinsey could n't refuse without looking bad . 
 he was n't stupid . 
 he 'd timed his request well . 
 `` i do n't have a lunch break for another hour , '' she hedged , then went back to checking on george 's vitals . 
 she was smart , not giving him a refusal , but certainly dismissing him . 
 `` you can go early if mr. anderson needs to discuss the patient with you , '' her boss offered . 
 austin gave kinsey 's boss his thousand-watt smile , feeling pretty smug when the older woman blushed . 
 `` thank you , '' kinsey replied , but he could see she was seething . 
 good , he thought . 
 he liked her even more when her hackles were up . 
 he shifted in his seat as his pants became a bit uncomfortable . 
 his gaze never left her as she took her time finishing in the room . 
 finally , with a glare in his direction , kinsey exited the room , making him have to rush to catch up to her . 
 she ignored him as they silently walked down the long hallway toward the cafeteria . 
 once inside , she took a tray and started grabbing food from the shelf . 
 it did n't look like she was paying the least bit of attention to her choices . 
 seemed to him she was just trying to get the meal over with . 
 well , he 'd have to eat extra slow then , because they were going to have it out , one way or another . 
 he could think of one thing they could do to relieve the tension between them . 
 `` what 's so important we had to speak outside of the room ? '' 
 kinsey asked as soon as they were seated . 
 he watched as she stirred her coffee , repeatedly swirling the spoon around repeatedly until he placed his hand over hers . 
 `` i 'm not as bad as you think . 
 i do n't know why you 've been trying to make me a villain since our incredible night together . 
 you were right there with me , and if i do recall correctly , quite satisfied , '' austin said , ignoring her question . 
 kinsey gasped as she tried to pull her hand from his . 
 he gripped it tighter . 
 she finally let go of the spoon and allowed their joined fingers to rest on the table . 
 finally , she looked up and met his eyes . 
 `` look , austin , i understand how you may think i 'm someone that i 'm not . 
 i do n't do one night stands . 
 i do n't have affairs . 
 i have a career to think about , a great family , and believe it or not , a reputation to uphold . 
 i think it 's best if you get over this idea you have of me , so we can both go on our merry ways . '' 
 `` sorry , but that does n't work for me . 
 first of all , i 've never accused you of being the ` one-night-stand ' kind of girl . 
 secondly , i was n't asking you for a cheap affair . 
 and thirdly , i 'm not exactly chopped liver . 
 my family is respected in this community , and contrary to what you might think , i care about my reputation as well . '' 
 `` hah ! '' 
 her childish outburst made austin grin . 
 he looked at her as he fought the laughter wanting to spill out . 
 she was the most intriguing woman he 'd ever had the pleasure of meeting . 
 he could n't seem to stop chasing her . 
 maybe that was why he was so intrigued . 
 he was usually the one being chased . 
 it was nice to feel like a man - to hunt his prey . 
 he felt like jumping on the table and pounding his chest . 
 his grin grew bigger . 
 after a moment of silence , kinsey 's lips twitched as she looked at him . 
 maybe she was realizing how bull-headed she was acting . 
 `` okay , i can concede that you 're not the devil . 
 i 'm still not interested in dating you , though . '' 
 `` since we 're around each other night and day , how about we at least be friends ? 
 after all , your best friend is married to my brother . 
 we 're going to see each other often , '' he offered . 
 she had no way of knowing his legs were crossed . 
 he had much bigger plans with kinsey than just being friends . 
 he had a few ideas about some of the empty hospital rooms . 
 damn , his body was in a state of half-arousal whenever she was in his vicinity . 
 she narrowed her eyes and he knew she was n't buying it , but what was she going to say ? 
 if she refused , she was admitting that he affected her . 
 if she accepted , she 'd have to fight herself and him . 
 he knew he 'd put her on the spot , and he could practically read the indecision on her face . 
 he relaxed as he felt the power shift back into his favor . 
 `` i would n't go so far as to call us friends , but i can agree to be civil , '' she finally said . 
 he grinned , satisfaction radiating off him when her cheeks pinkened . 
 he 'd give anything to just throw her over his shoulder and cart her off to the nearest broom closet . 
 oh , the possibilities of the seemingly endless hospital . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 it 's either we 're friends , or ... i 'll just have to prove to you how great a friend i can be . 
 that could take a while - a really long time , '' he threatened with the same confident smile in place . 
 he watched as her eyes widened . 
 she knew what he intended , and she wanted him . 
 she just did n't want to admit to it . 
 he had to get her away from crowded rooms . 
 her on-call room did n't sound too bad at that moment . 
 `` i have to get back to work , '' she said as she quickly stood from the table . 
 she had n't even touched her food . 
 he knew the amount of hours she was working and he did n't want her missing meals because of him . 
 he stood and placed his hands on her shoulders , bringing her body to within a few inches of his own . 
 he leaned his head down , his breath brushing across her face , causing the loose strands of her fallen hair to flutter at the corners of her mouth . 
 `` finish your meal , kinsey . 
 i 'll back off ... for now . '' 
 she pulled away and dropped to her seat . 
 it seemed he 'd taken the words right out of her mouth . 
 he liked that as well . 
 he sat and began eating his meal while she slowly picked up a juicy piece of watermelon . 
 she slid it into her mouth and softly bit down , and he barely managed to stop himself from groaning . 
 the anticipation was hell on his body , but he had a feeling the build-up would be worth it when they finally did make it to a bed . 
 heck , it could be a cave for all he cared , just as long as he could sink deep inside her . 
 a few minutes of strained silence went by as sweat beaded on his brow , and he forced food into his mouth . 
 he did n't know how her meal tasted , but he could 've been eating cardboard for all the enjoyment he was getting out of his . 
 he was satisfied , though , when he noticed that she finished her entire fruit salad . 
 she was too skinny - smaller than when they 'd been together . 
 she was beautiful no matter what , but she could stand to put on ten pounds . 
 that thought led him to picturing her with a rounded belly , her br ** sts straining against a tight t-shirt as her body ripened . 
 before he could stop it , a low groan escaped and she looked up , making eye-contact . 
 her eyes dilated at what he was sure was unadulterated lust shining from his own . 
 hell , he 'd give a million dollars for just five minutes alone with her . 
 okay ... maybe more like an hour . 
 her body deserved to be worshiped . 
 after a few more minutes of strained silence , he cleared his throat . 
 he really did want to talk to her about his father . 
 `` my dad will be ready to leave the hospital soon . 
 he 's agreed to stay with katherine at the main house to support her . 
 she 's acting strong , but we all see the massive amount of strain this is placing on her . 
 `` i 've been concerned about katherine , too . 
 i ca n't begin to imagine how she feels . 
 i 'm glad your father is doing well , at least . 
 i 'm sure that helps her . '' 
 `` i appreciate that , kinsey . 
 the point of all this is that uncle joseph will need to stay here longer , which means he still needs round the clock care . 
 if his situation has n't changed in a couple weeks , we 'll look at alternatives , such as bringing him home , where he 'd still need full care . 
 my aunt will be here most of the time , and so will the rest of us . 
 it makes no difference if it 's my dad , or uncle joseph . 
 we take care of each other . '' 
 he could see kinsey was confused by where the conversation was leading . 
 he could 've just let her supervisor tell her , but then he could n't see her reaction . 
 `` if we take uncle joseph home , we 've requested for you to remain his nurse . '' 
 he waited as he let his words sink in . 
 she did n't disappoint him when it clicked . 
 he knew she felt safer around him in the hospital . 
 he could see she was worried about her own ability to resist him if they were in a quiet house together - night and day . 
 `` i. . . 
 i 'd have to talk to my supervisor . 
 i do n't think the hospital can afford to let me go , '' she stuttered . 
 `` it would n't be a permanent placement . 
 my uncle will recover , '' he stated with confidence . 
 `` i really do need to get back now , '' she said as she quickly stood as if afraid he was going to stop her again . 
 he did n't say another word - just let her walk away . 
 he watched as she dropped off her tray and practically ran from the room . 
 he smiled as he sat back . 
 she could try to run ... kinsey turned the corner outside of the cafeteria , then started jogging . 
 she needed fresh air - and she needed it now ! 
 her entire body felt as if it was on fire . 
 how did the man work her up so quickly with so few words . 
 there was no way she could be a personal nurse for joseph . 
 normally , she 'd love to take the job . 
 it was ideal , and would practically ensure her a lifetime job with the hospital , considering how much money the anderson 's donated , and the influence they had , but thinking of those long , silent nights with austin always there ... she knew he 'd be there - all the time . 
 a shudder racked her body as she pushed through a side exit and took in a deep breath of lilac scented air . 
 the cool spring breeze of the late morning was just what she needed in her lungs . 
 she took several breaths as her thoughts kept jumping over one another in her head . 
 she was n't this wanton woman . 
 she had plans , goals . 
 heck , she even had a ten year plan all typed up , double spaced , times new roman font , sitting on her desk at home . 
 she absolutely did n't get fuzzy headed , or weak in the knees , over a man , especially an arrogant , self-satisfied , amazingly great lover of a man . 
 stop it ! 
 she would n't think of austin and lover in the same sentence . 
 she had to pull herself together and do her job . 
 she 'd simply tell her boss , thank you , but no thank you . 
 yeah right . 
 that conversation was going to go real well . 
 after about ten minutes , kinsey calmed down enough to head back inside . 
 she did n't care if she caught slack , she was taking a few minutes to go to her on-call room and lay down . 
 she needed to get her head to stop spinning before she faced austin again . 
 she walked inside , leaving the lights off , and sighing as she closed her eyes against the pitch blackness of the space that was no bigger than an average closet . 
 her pager went off before she could relax too much , and she reluctantly sat up , knowing her hiding time was over . 
 as she left the room , she had to remind herself that she was a professional . 
 she was being paid twice her normal salary , and she was n't going to let a man stand in the way of her career . 
 she 'd just have to develop thicker skin and continue to ward him off . 
 eventually , he 'd grow bored with his game of chase . 
 he had to , she reassured herself . 
 with her shoulders back , she entered the anderson room , then let out a sigh of relief when she saw that austin was n't there . 
 as the day wore on and she noticed herself checking the door often , she could n't decide if she was relieved or disappointed when he did n't return . 
 she may need a prescription for valium before the day was out , let alone the month . 
 `` i swear i 'm going to walk out the door if you do n't pull yourself together , '' austin 's secretary , margie , said as she glared at him across his desk . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 austin glanced up at his highly irritated employee . 
 `` you 've been walking around here like a bear with a thorn in his paw , snapping at everyone , and acting like a horse 's ass . '' 
 `` margie , '' he said with shock . 
 she 'd worked for him for ten years and was like a member of the family . 
 she 'd never been afraid to speak her mind , but she 'd never been quite as verbal before . 
 `` do n't you margie me . 
 i 'm not some new kid , fresh out of college , and i refuse to put up with your bad behavior . 
 you can either talk to me about it , or i can take the rest of the afternoon off . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he insisted . 
 `` well then , i guess it 's option two . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow , '' she said as she turned to leave the room . 
 `` you ca n't leave . 
 we have a lot of work to get done , '' austin insisted , rising from his seat . 
 margie turned and stared him down with her brow raised . 
 she was waiting . 
 with a sigh , he resumed his seat . 
 he knew he was being a little grumpier than usual , but he had n't thought it was to the point of employees walking out the door . 
 he was just so frustrated . 
 he 'd been avoiding the hospital for a week , thinking that maybe a bit of distance would help his hormone ravaged body . 
 it was n't helping . 
 nothing was . 
 margie stood in front of him with her glasses hanging halfway down her nose , her gray eyes glaring at him over the top of the gold rims . 
 she had one hand on her hip , and her toe was tapping . 
 he felt the corners of his mouth rise , which was n't a smart move on his part . 
 her eyes narrowed further and she blew her breath out in frustration through her bright pink lipstick . 
 she really was amusing when she was in a snit . 
 he noticed this week she had bright pink streaks running through her short white hair . 
 she was close to sixty , but she 'd once told him that age was nothing but a number . 
 she said she was a long way from being dead , and she 'd dress and do what she liked . 
 it was one of the things he loved about her . 
 she brought humor , love and loyalty to the office . 
 plus , she was a genius . 
 he had no doubt he 'd crumble without her . 
 if she needed him to talk , he 'd dang well talk , cause his office would fall down around him if she staged a walkout . 
 `` there 's just been a lot going on ... my father , uncle joseph ... '' he trailed off . 
 he knew from her narrowed eyes that she was n't buying it . 
 `` we both know that 's bull . 
 yes , you 've been concerned about your family , but this has to do with something else , '' she insisted . 
 `` well , it 's just that ... i 'm dealing with a personal problem , '' he hedged . 
 he really did n't want to admit to dating issues . 
 `` ah , now we 're getting somewhere . 
 what 's her name ? 
 did one of your barbie dolls get a blister on her foot from her five inch heels ? '' 
 `` margie ... '' he blew out a frustrated breath . 
 margie suddenly grinned , and he had to fight the damn blush that wanted to creep into his cheeks . 
 she was far too smart to be working for him . 
 she should be running for president . 
 he saw the knowing look come into her eyes , and he felt his humiliation was complete . 
 `` oh my goodness . 
 did a girl actually tell you no for the first time . 
 one did , did n't she ? 
 ha , that 's hilarious . 
 welcome to the real world , austin anderson , '' she mocked . 
 `` that 's not what happened , '' he practically shouted . 
 `` oh yes , it is . 
 you 're hooked on a girl and she does n't want anything to do with you , and you just do n't know how to deal with that . 
 it 's about time . 
 she may just be a keeper if she 's that smart . '' 
 `` she was n't saying no when i met her , '' austin snapped . 
 he immediately regretted his words when margie 's eyes narrowed again . 
 he knew a well-deserved scolding was coming . 
 `` austin jeffrey anderson ! 
 that was unacceptable to say . 
 it sounds like you 've finally met a real woman , and you 're doing her an injustice by demeaning her that way . 
 do n't you dare let your pride run away with your mouth . 
 i 'm going to have to meet this woman . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i just meant that we hit it off in the beginning . 
 then she got scared , or something , and went running for the hills . 
 i 've been trying to talk to her for months , and now she just ... well , hell , i do n't know what she thinks or does n't think . 
 i know she wants me . 
 the air practically sizzles when we 're within a few feet of each other . '' 
 `` sounds like you 'd better step up to the plate and figure it out , because i already like this woman , '' margie said in a softer tone . 
 he 'd been forgiven for his outburst . 
 `` i 'll keep working on it . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` can we please get some work done , now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he found it ironic he was asking his employee if they could work . 
 `` yes , i 'll go ahead and stay . 
 the reason i came in here in the first place is there 's a problem at the shipping yard . 
 some items have come up missing , and then this morning a fight broke out , '' she said , immediately resuming her professional tone . 
 `` who 's handling it ? '' 
 `` dean 's in charge , but he called a few minutes ago , ready to explode . 
 it seems jack is causing trouble . '' 
 `` crap , i should 've known , '' austin grumbled . 
 `` exactly , '' margie agreed . 
 `` i 'll head down there right away . '' 
 margie left and austin stood up . 
 he was almost grateful for the problem . 
 at least it got his mind off his failing personal life . 
 he drove to the warehouse , blaring his music to try and drown out his own thoughts . 
 it did n't seem to be working , as nothing else was , either . 
 he was happy when he stepped inside and found his brother , trenton , already speaking to their supervisor , dean . 
 `` whoa , you look like crap , little brother , '' trenton said as he walked up . 
 `` thanks , and how are you ? '' 
 `` better than you , apparently . '' 
 `` what information do you have for me , dean ? '' 
 austin asked . 
 he decided the best defense was to just ignore trenton . 
 maybe his brother would take the hint and let the subject drop . 
 `` we had almost ten-thousand dollars ' worth of shipments come up missing . 
 it was n't all in one load , but through four different vendors . 
 i have my staff checking orders over the past six months , because apparently the person was smart . 
 they 're taking a few items out of each order and i do n't think many of our clients have noticed . 
 they must 've gotten greedy , though , because they took enough out this time that we had complaints come in , '' dean said , his eyes blazing as he spoke . 
 dean had worked for them for twenty years . 
 austin had no doubt he 'd be on top of the situation until it was solved . 
 `` what about the fight ? '' 
 `` jack got into it with a couple of other guys . 
 everyone has been on edge since we found out about the stolen goods , and someone made a comment that jack did n't appreciate , i guess . 
 he 's being tight lipped right now . 
 i sent the three men home for the day . 
 that 's why i called you . 
 i do n't want to throw out accusations ... '' he trailed off . 
 `` it 's just us , dean , and we trust you . 
 who do you suspect ? '' 
 trenton quickly asked . 
 `` well ... i really do n't have any evidence at this point , but things are pointing toward jack , '' he said with hesitancy . 
 dean was a good man . 
 he did n't want to falsely accuse anyone without proof . 
 he knew each of the men who worked there , depended on their paychecks to support their families . 
 he did n't want to be responsible for an innocent man getting fired . 
 `` we 'll do a thorough investigation before we throw out any hard-core accusations . 
 i have a feeling you 're right , though . 
 i 've had my doubts about him the past year . 
 too many mistakes , too many accusations from the men . 
 he 's been close to losing his job for a while now , anyway , '' austin said . 
 `` let 's go to the office and start going through the files , '' trenton said . 
 they began walking through the plant together , getting stopped several times as employees asked them questions . 
 `` okay , now spill . 
 what 's eating you ? '' 
 `` damn , trenton , you 're in a mood . '' 
 `` my mood is n't the problem . 
 what 's causing the circles under your eyes ? '' 
 `` none of your business . '' 
 `` you know , i 'm not going to lay off , so you may as well tell me , '' trenton insisted . 
 austin let out a long-suffering sigh . 
 he loved his family , but sometimes they were a royal pain in the ass . 
 `` kinsey , '' he finally said . 
 his brother busted up laughing as they entered the small office . 
 austin felt like slugging him . 
 `` thanks , austin . 
 i needed that . 
 with all this stress in my life , i can certainly count on you to lighten the mood . '' 
 `` glad i could help , '' austin snarled . 
 `` okay , if brotherly love time is over , we have work to do , '' dean said , but austin noticed the corners of his lips twitching . 
 it looked like his love life , or lack thereof , was great entertainment for all the people around him . 
 it was times like this when he missed his mother the most . 
 he could go sit with her and visit , let his worries wash away , and she would n't interrogate him , or mock . 
 she 'd just be the person she always was . 
 loving and understanding . 
 chapter five `` joseph , i know you can hear me deep down inside . 
 you deserve to catch up on your sleep , so you go ahead and rest as long as you need to . 
 just as long as you remember to come back to me , '' katherine whispered as she lay next to him in his hospital bed . 
 the staff had long ago given up on trying to keep her from him . 
 they 'd just adjusted a few of his monitors so she would n't get snagged on anything . 
 `` you 've certainly earned some rest . 
 you 're supposed to be retired , but you ca n't keep yourself from butting into our sons business . 
 i may not have been saying anything to you these last few years , but i know all about you meddling in our kids ' lives . 
 i have n't complained too much because i like the end results . 
 how could i not ? 
 i now have three beautiful daughters , along with the world 's greatest grandchildren . 
 plus , we now have george back home and our family continues to grow . 
 i would n't be admitting any of this to you if you were awake , but i 've never been happier in my life , '' katherine continued speaking . 
 her voice caught with her last sentence as tears slipped down her face . 
 seeing her larger-than-life husband lying so still in the sterile bed caused a bigger ache each day he did n't wake up . 
 the doctors kept telling her the same thing - only time will tell . 
 if she heard that one more time , she may forget all about her southern roots of being raised a lady , and accidentally slap one of them . 
 she missed her husband . 
 she missed her best friend . 
 another tear slowly fell as she gently stroked his face . 
 so handsome . 
 even in his sixties , he was stunning , the most beautiful man she 'd ever known . 
 her mind drifted as she remembered those early days and how close she 'd come to walking away from him . 
 `` mom , are you okay ? '' 
 lucas asked as he stepped into the room . 
 his brows were furrowed in worry . 
 she did n't want to upset the kids . 
 she normally made sure to put on a positive mask so they did n't stop living their lives . 
 joseph would n't want that . 
 everything he did was for his children . 
 he wanted them happy and successful , not brooding or worrying about him . 
 `` oh , i 'm fine , lucas . 
 i was just speaking to your father about the day we met , '' she answered as she sat up slowly . 
 it took her a few moments longer these days to get to her feet . 
 lucas rushed over to help her . 
 `` i 've never heard about how you met . 
 would you tell us about it ? '' 
 amy shyly asked . 
 `` bless your heart , amy , but that 's a long story , '' katherine said with a smile . 
 `` i want to hear , too , '' jessica said as she stepped inside the room with alex. `` agreed . 
 i think it 's the perfect time to learn about the beginning of a great love story , '' emily added as she walked inside on mark 's arm . 
 `` i guess if you all insist ... '' katherine hedged . 
 `` yes , '' was chorused from everyone in the room . 
 `` well then , you 'd better pull up a chair . 
 this may take a while , '' katherine said with a fond smile of remembered times . 
 her beautiful sons , and their wives , quickly sat down and then looked expectantly at her . 
 she gazed at the couples who were still so in love with each other . 
 joseph had chosen well for his children . 
 `` i fell in love with your father instantly , '' she began . 
 the women sighed at what they expected to be a sweet romance . 
 she could n't wait to shock them . 
 where did her boys think they 'd learned to be such rakish rogues ? 
 she loved them all , in spite of their faults , not because of them . 
 `` i fell in love with joseph immediately . 
 i was only eighteen years old the first time i met him . 
 we were at a party , and he danced the whole night with me . 
 i felt like the most special girl in the room . 
 he had eyes only for me , which surprised me because he was so dang handsome . 
 his glittering blue eyes , short dark hair , and stunning smile , combined with the custom made suit he was wearing , made him look like a prince . 
 every girl in the room wanted to dance with him , but i was the one he chose . 
 i felt like a princess as he spun me in circles across the floor , '' she said . 
 katherine could practically hear the music playing as she remembered how that night had started . 
 `` i 'd never been in love before - but i fell that night , and i fell hard . 
 we were inseparable for the next month . 
 he showed up at my door with flowers practically every day , and it did n't take me long to fall under his spell . 
 when he kissed me , it was always magical , it still is today . 
 i wanted to give him everything - including my innocence ... '' `` mom , '' mark said with shock , his eyes rounded . 
 `` you just hush up and let your mother tell her story , '' emily scolded her husband . 
 she actually found it pretty endearing that he was actually blushing . 
 katherine found it quite amusing shocking her son . 
 how did he think he 'd come to life . 
 she quietly chuckled . 
 `` go on , please , mom , '' jessica urged . 
 the women were all leaning forward . 
 `` boys , you may cover your ears . 
 as i was saying , we were inseparable , so it did n't take him long to charm me . 
 we would kiss forever while lying beneath the starlit sky . 
 i was in heaven . 
 another month passed and i was waiting for him to propose . 
 i was so in love with him , and he professed his love for me each day . 
 i knew we 'd be married , but i did n't want to bring it up . 
 i wanted a romantic proposal . 
 after all , our entire relationship had been nothing but romance . '' 
 katherine stopped for a moment as she took a deep breath . 
 her eyes glazed over as a furrow creased her brow . 
 oh , the wasted years ... `` then , i overheard joseph and george talking one night , and stood back to eavesdrop . 
 i thought that maybe joseph would drop a hint of how he was planning to propose . 
 instead , i ended up getting my heart shattered . '' 
 `` i do n't understand , '' alex interrupted , looking confused . 
 `` then listen , '' katherine gently scolded . 
 he sat back and pretended to zip his lips . 
 `` quit interrupting , '' jessica quietly scolded alex. `` sorry , '' he mumbled . 
 `` george was angrily yelling at joseph , saying that he really went all out to win a bet . 
 the longer i listened , the more i wished i had n't . 
 it did n't take me long to figure out that joseph went after me that night because , apparently , several people had whispered about me , saying i was too prudish , and could n't be conquered . 
 george bet joseph a thousand dollars he could n't get a kiss by the end of the night . 
 what made it hurt all the more was that george had become my best friend . 
 when i was n't with joseph , i was with george . '' 
 her daughters-in-law gasped as her sons looked at her with bulging eyes . 
 `` that 's horrible , '' emily said , looking on the verge of tears . 
 `` yes , yes it was , dear . 
 i ran away before i could hear anything further . 
 my heart was broken and i never wanted to see joseph anderson again . 
 he called several times over the next few days , and i had my mother tell him i was sick . 
 he still persisted , so sadly , i made up a horrid lie , one that i knew would make him leave . 
 i just could n't face him . 
 i figured if i was the one who walked away , then i could somehow gain my pride back . '' 
 `` but ... '' mark tried to interrupt this time , but stopped when katherine gave him her mother 's look . 
 `` i told him i 'd met another man , we were in love , and though i 'd had fun with him , it was over . 
 i then held my head high as i walked away . 
 he never tried to stop me . 
 i shocked him to the point that he probably stood there for a long time afterward . '' 
 `` i know you do n't want to be interrupted , but you have to get to the part where you got back together , '' lucas practically shouted . 
 katherine smiled at her most impatient child . 
 always wanted the bottom line , her son . 
 he was so very much like his father . 
 `` five years passed before i saw him again ... '' katherine closed her eyes , her memory taking her back in time . 
 she remembered those days like it was yesterday . 
 when joseph and she had finally figured everything out , he 'd told her the whole story , from beginning to end ... his grandfather had made a mess of things . 
 royally ! 
 joseph sat back as the jet circled the seattle airport . 
 he was coming home . 
 his mind should 've certainly been on his family 's corporation , who 'd be elected to c.e.o. . 
 it could n't be his horrible uncle . 
 when his father had called him , telling him everything his grandfather had built was about to be destroyed , joseph knew that there was no question he 'd come home . 
 he loved his father . 
 he adored his grandfather - may he rest in peace . 
 he hated his uncle . 
 the man had venom running through his veins , and he had to be stopped ... joseph did n't know if he could save the corporation , but he 'd fight to the death for what his grandfather had built and what his father had worked hard to maintain . 
 the loss of his grandfather sent the stocks plummeting , people running scared since they did n't know which anderson would take over . 
 joseph 's father , milton , was a kind man , a caring person , but he was n't the type of man who wanted to head a corporation . 
 he did n't have the shark inside that was needed . 
 joseph , however , did . 
 since his grandfather 's death , only a month ago , his uncle neilson had been gunning for the c.e.o spot . 
 he wanted one thing , and that was to beat out his brother , milton , joseph 's father . 
 the two were twins , but about as different as any twins could be . 
 inside and out . 
 milton was kind and tried to help everyone , where neilson was greedy and thought of no other than himself . 
 he was the epitome of evil , and he absolutely could n't get his greedy hands on the corporation . 
 too many jobs would be lost . 
 too much damage left in his wake , and he would n't care . 
 he may care , but only to laugh as he squashed the little people beneath his ten-thousand dollar loafers . 
 the light flashed on for him to fasten his seatbelt , so he quickly did as he looked out his window at the gloomy seattle evening . 
 his lips tilted up at the corners . 
 katherine . 
 he could n't stop thinking about her , even after five years . 
 he 'd been head over heels in love with her . 
 no one before - and certainly no one after - had come close to katherine . 
 she 'd stomped all over him , and then walked away without a second thought . 
 he was determined to get her out of his system . 
 he had to see her again . 
 his lips tilted up more . 
 she was working for the corporation , a member of the board . 
 she held one of the votes on who would take over as ceo . 
 his little innocent katherine had changed greatly since the first time he 'd met her . 
 of course , she had n't really been the innocent little thing he 'd thought she was during that first dance . 
 she 'd taken his breath away for two months . 
 her innocence - intoxicating . 
 how he 'd wanted to take her , claim her - possess her . 
 but he 'd waited ... his stomach knotted as the jet started making its final descent into the seattle airport . 
 he was n't waiting any longer . 
 `` can i take that for you , '' the flight attendant asked , irritating him . 
 he wordlessly handed her the glass . 
 she gave him a wink before she turned to walk to the front of the aircraft with his empty cup . 
 she 'd flirted with him the entire flight , making it more than clear he could take her home for the night . 
 he sighed in frustration . 
 as usual , he just was n't interested . 
 as the jet touched down , then began its taxi to the gate , joseph 's anticipation grew . 
 soon he 'd see katherine . 
 soon , she 'd be in his arms . 
 then , he 'd finally purge her from his system ... `` how many times do we have to go over this ? 
 neilson has been practically running this company for the past ten years . 
 benjamin was a great man . 
 he started the corporation , but he 's been sick a long time . 
 milton just is n't capable of keeping us on top . '' 
 katherine felt a pounding headache coming on . 
 she hated these meetings . 
 she hated the politics involved . 
 all she wanted was a hot shower and ten hours of uninterrupted sleep . 
 she knew one of those things could happen , not the other . 
 she never managed to get more than five hours a night before her phone was ringing with one emergency after the other . 
 life had been chaotic since benjamin 's death . 
 she feared it would only get worse before the event was over . 
 `` the worst thing we can do is make a rushed decision . 
 this situation needs to be handled delicately . 
 the investors are already scared - if we rush into anything , the corporation could come tumbling down around us , '' katherine scolded . 
 one of the other board members sent a glare her way . 
 he was from the old-boys club , where he did n't think women should sit on the board of directors . 
 she 'd always despised him . 
 her dream had n't been to sit in endless meetings , but life had turned out that way . 
 if she could deal with it , he certainly could . 
 she had n't wanted to work for joseph 's family , but during her time with him , she 'd formed a real bond with his father , milton . 
 when joseph left , milton had practically begged her to take a job at the main offices . 
 it had n't taken her long to earn her stripes , so to speak , and quickly rise to the top . 
 she smiled fondly , remembering benjamin . 
 he 'd been a good man . 
 at least she 'd had the last five years with him . 
 she despised neilson . 
 she found him the slimiest of snakes , but she had to keep that opinion to herself . 
 after all , her job was to remain objective , not to take sides . 
 the only side she could be on , was the side that benefited the corporation in the most positive way . 
 `` on the other hand , we do n't want to take too long and make the investors think we 're incompetent . 
 they need to know we can make a decision , '' he countered . 
 `` they 'll have more faith if we do a thorough job , '' she countered . 
 they argued back and forth for a while longer before the meeting broke up , agreeing to reconvene in three days . 
 they each had their own investigating to do . 
 katherine walked to her office and sank into her chair , her head falling forward . 
 it had been another long day and that shower was sounding better with each passing hour . 
 her thoughts turned to joseph , as they often did . 
 she knew there was a chance he 'd come home during the negotiations , and she needed to be prepared . 
 five years , it 's been five years . 
 you can do this , she told herself . 
 he 'd moved to new york , where he 'd stayed for five years . 
 he 'd been very successful in the big apple , even without his family 's financial backing , which he 'd refused . 
 she hoped , for her sanity 's sake , he stayed there . 
 she could n't believe how much she still missed him , how he still invaded her dreams nightly . 
 no other man she 'd met over the years compared to him , and she feared that 's how it would always be . 
 he was larger than life , so it stood to reason that every other man would get lost in his shadow . 
 katherine was stewing as she threw on her coat . 
 joseph was ancient history - gone . 
 out of her life . 
 kaput . 
 she was n't going to let him control her emotions . 
 she was a big girl now , no longer the innocent eighteen year old with stars in her eyes . 
 if only he had n't been so ... so ... no ! 
 she was n't going there . 
 her mind betrayed her , though . 
 he 'd been so ... good . 
 tender . 
 kind . 
 passionate . 
 enough ! 
 katherine gathered her purse as she continued to berate herself . 
 how did she expect others to listen to her if she would n't even listen to herself ? 
 she walked from the office , grateful she did n't run into any of the other board members on the way out . 
 she was fried for the day , and done talking , certainly done putting on her professional mask . 
 she grabbed a taxi and made her way the short distance across the city to her apartment . 
 as she stepped inside and shut the door , she leaned against the solid wood and let out a relieved sigh . 
 home at last . 
 she felt the day 's tension begin melting from her body as she tossed her purse on the couch and made her way to the bathroom , discarding clothes along the way . 
 she was naturally a clean person , but she tended to let clutter build up by friday . 
 then on saturday 's she 'd clean the apartment spotless , only to let the process start all over again come monday morning . 
 as katherine stepped under the pulsing water , the last of her strain washed down the drain . 
 she stayed in an extra ten minutes to let the streaming jets work out the last of her knots . 
 her weekend was beginning a whole lot better than her week had ended . 
 she threw leftovers in the microwave , then waited for it to signal it was ready , when her doorbell sounded . 
 no , she silently yelled . 
 she was n't up for visitors . 
 she wanted nothing more than to eat her dinner while getting lost in some comedy on television before falling into a deep sleep . 
 she thought about ignoring the person , but when the door chimed again , she knew she had to answer . 
 it may be one of her neighbors who 'd spotted her coming in . 
 if she did n't answer , they 'd know she was purposefully ignoring them . 
 she slowly made her way to the front door , gritting her teeth when the bell went off for a third time . 
 `` have some patience , '' she muttered . 
 she yanked the door open , really hoping her face did n't show her irritation at being interrupted . 
 she was ready to say hello when her good start to the weekend , instantly crumbled . 
 she was left speechless as she looked across the threshold at the one person she 'd been hoping to avoid at all costs . 
 joseph ... his arrogant face took in her short robe , slightly gaping open at her neck , then slid down to her bare legs , before he leisurely assessed her flushed face . 
 his arms were framed in the doorway , preventing her from slamming the door shut in his face . 
 he smiled like a panther would just before pouncing . 
 `` i have a question for you that could n't wait until tomorrow , '' he said as if they had spoken yesterday instead of five years previously . 
 she was sure her face registered shock , because his grin grew wider as he continued looking deep within her eyes . 
 `` did the man you cheated on me with make you cry out the way i did with nothing more than a kiss ? '' 
 `` he did not say that ! '' 
 emily gasped . 
 katherine blinked as she looked around the room full of people , feeling like she was coming out of a trance . 
 she 'd forgotten she was even telling a story . 
 for those few minutes , she 'd been back at that day . 
 the day joseph returned to her . 
 `` yes , dear , he did , '' katherine said with a chuckle . 
 `` i really hope you slapped him , '' amy said . 
 `` what happened next ... '' katherine began before a monitor alarmed and everyone went silent , fear written on their faces . 
 several nurses ran into the room , including kinsey , and began pushing buttons , before the noise stopped . 
 `` it 's okay , everyone . 
 one of his wires just came loose , '' kinsey quickly assured them . 
 `` thank you , dear , '' katherine said as she bent down and kissed joseph on the forehead . 
 she finally looked around and noticed bree and austin had joined them . 
 she 'd been so focused on her past , she had n't noticed her niece and nephew step inside . 
 `` are you going to continue , aunt katherine ? '' 
 bree eagerly asked . 
 `` i 'll tell you more tomorrow . 
 i 'm tired right now , sweetie , '' katherine replied . 
 `` can you give me a ride to the house , lucas ? '' 
 `` of course , mom . '' 
 lucas placed her arm through his and she leaned on her son as he led her from the hospital . 
 she hated to leave joseph , even for a few hours , but she needed to clean up and gather more supplies . 
 she knew , though , that she 'd end up back at the hospital to spend the rest of the night beside her husband . 
 she 'd slept beside him too many years to do it alone now . 
 chapter six `` are you ashamed of me , esther lyon ? '' 
 `` that 's simply absurd , george . '' 
 `` then why are you acting like a vampire and only visiting me in the middle of the night ? '' 
 `` you know why , george . 
 we agreed we would n't say anything just yet . '' 
 `` well , i 've changed my mind , woman . 
 i love you , and i do n't care who knows . 
 if this accident taught me anything , it 's that we should n't waste time , '' george said in a huff . 
 `` are you snapping at me ? '' 
 esther asked with her sternest expression plastered on her face . 
 `` that i am , '' george said , acting just as stubborn . 
 `` you know i love you , too , george , '' she started , but quickly covered his mouth when he was about to say something . 
 `` but ... this is n't the right time . 
 joseph is still in a coma , the kids are all upset , and if i 'm not mistaken , there are possible wedding bells in the future for your youngest son . '' 
 `` you know my family means the world to me , esther , but you 're my family now , too . 
 i want you to marry me . '' 
 `` you were just in a horrible accident a few weeks ago . 
 you 're finally getting out of the hospital in a couple days , and you 're flying high on pain medication . 
 on top of all that , your twin brother , who you love very much , is in a coma . 
 people make mistakes when they 're dealing with one of these events , let alone all of them . 
 i refuse to marry you because you 're feeling like time is running out . '' 
 `` i loved you last month , last week , and yesterday . 
 i 'll continue to love you today , tomorrow , and fifty years from now , '' he said , his voice growing thick . 
 `` i 'll hold you to that if we 're still here in fifty years , '' she replied with a watery smile . 
 `` is that a yes ? '' 
 he asked with hope . 
 `` no , it was n't . 
 you get some rest . 
 i 'm coming in this afternoon , and i 'm warning you now that if you give anything away , you wo n't be getting any of my sweet apple pie when you get home , '' she threatened . 
 `` i 'll behave , but i ca n't guarantee for how long , '' he pouted . 
 `` as long as it 's long enough for us to get you safely home . '' 
 esther bent down and gently kissed george . 
 with his good arm , he pulled her close and deepened the chaste kiss she 'd started . 
 she finally pulled back , her cheeks flushed and her eyes sparkling . 
 `` george anderson , you make me feel like a twenty-one year old girl again , '' esther said with a giggle . 
 `` as long as you only feel that way . 
 i would n't take a single day of your life away . 
 your years have added a beauty only time can give . 
 i 'll get you to marry me , esther , and soon . '' 
 she said nothing further as she slipped out the door . 
 kinsey quickly jumped into the next room so esther would n't see her . 
 esther had what seemed to be a permanent grin on her face . 
 kinsey could n't wait to see cassie and tell her what she 'd overheard . 
 kinsey sighed as she stepped outside and was instantly and irritatingly soaked . 
 you 'd think she 'd be used to the seattle rain by now . 
 but she hated getting drenched , always shivering as she waited for the ` consistently late ' bus . 
 no one else was standing with her as she did her best to stay dry . 
 she was looking at the ground when she heard a car horn . 
 she ignored it until it beeped again . 
 when she looked up , her eyes locked with austin 's . 
 she sent him a miserable glare . 
 `` get in . 
 i 'll give you a ride , '' he hollered . 
 `` no thanks , '' she answered before turning away and looking down the street , hoping to see the bus down the block . 
 she was out of luck . 
 `` come on , kinsey . 
 am i really so bad that you 'd rather get drenched than accept a ride ? 
 it 's too late for you to be hanging out on the street , anyway . '' 
 kinsey thought about it as another shiver racked her body . 
 finally , her low tolerance of the wet , cold and dark won out and she reluctantly rose . 
 though miserable , she took her time walking over and climbing in . 
 she felt a bit of evil glee as she soaked his seat . 
 the blast of the furnace blowing hot air in her face made her feel like giggling . 
 it was such a welcomed relief . 
 as the heat started seeping through her clothes , she could n't stop the tremors racking her frame . 
 the harder she tried , the worse they got . 
 she locked her jaw , but her teeth kept on chattering . 
 austin gave her an ' i told you so ' look that she chose to ignore . 
 `` where 's your car ? '' 
 `` in the shop , again , '' she replied . 
 her car had a mind of its own and decided when and where it wanted to work . 
 she really needed to get another one , but she could n't stand spending some of her hard-earned savings . 
 `` where you headed ? '' 
 he asked as he put the car into drive and started moving down the busy street . 
 `` i 'm just going two miles down the road to the super center , '' she replied . 
 `` what a coincidence . 
 i 'm on my way there , too , '' he said with a grin directed her way . 
 she 'd bet her next paycheck he had n't been planning on going to the discount center . 
 for that matter , she could n't imagine him shopping , period . 
 he probably had others do it for him . 
 they rode in silence during the short minutes to the store . 
 luck was on his side as he found a close parking space . 
 as soon as he turned off the motor , she reluctantly jumped from the warm vehicle . 
 her still soaked clothes got even more wet as she ran for the double doors . 
 just as she was about to reach the entrance , she caught her toe on the edge of the sidewalk and went flying to the ground , landing in a six inch puddle . 
 the wind was knocked out of her as water flew up her nose . 
 kinsey was too shocked and numb to feel pain . 
 she was sure her knees were bruised , if not bleeding , and her elbow was most likely going to have a nice scrape , as well . 
 suddenly she was hauled into the air and pulled tightly against austin 's chest as he jogged the remaining feet to the entrance of the store . 
 he walked through the doors and took a sharp right , then gently sat her down on a metal bench . 
 he kneeled before her and lifted up her soaked scrubs to look at her knees . 
 she was too cold and miserable to protest the inappropriate touching . 
 her teeth chattered as his incredibly warm hands ran down her sore legs . 
 she glanced down , and sighed in relief to see the skin was n't broken - just bruised . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' he told her before jumping to his feet and jogging away . 
 for once she did n't argue . 
 he returned in less than ten minutes holding a sack . 
 then he gently picked her back up and moved toward the bathrooms . 
 before she realized what he was doing , he walked inside the ` family care ' room and shut and locked the door behind them . 
 without saying anything , he stripped her coat off , dropping it on the large sink counter , then grabbed the bottom of her scrub top and hauled it over her head . 
 when his hands reached for her pants , she regained some semblance of control and stopped him . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she tried to snap , but the effect was ruined by her chattering teeth . 
 `` you need to get out of these clothes . 
 you 're actually turning blue . 
 i 've never before seen someone turn blue , just heard the expression , but i 'm worried about you getting hypothermia . 
 i 'll turn my back if you want to finish , but the clothes need to come off , now , '' he answered . 
 `` f. . 
 f. . . 
 fine , '' she stuttered . 
 dang the chattering . 
 austin handed her a new towel with the tag still on and she wrapped it around her arms , grateful he 'd gotten a large beach sized one . 
 just getting rid of the jacket and top was helping her fight off the chill . 
 with trembling fingers she gripped her scrub bottoms and tugged them down her legs . 
 it was difficult since they were plastered to her body , but she finally managed to kick them off . 
 she ran the towel across her body , still wearing her wet bra and panties , but not willing to fully strip , though he was staying true to his word and keeping his back to her . 
 she 'd make him leave the room , but then someone could walk by and see her in a nearly nude state . 
 she did n't know which was worse . 
 she reached for the bag and blushed scarlet when she saw a skimpy red laced thong sitting on top . 
 she emptied the contents and found a tight undershirt , sweater , sweat pants , socks and slippers . 
 no bra , of course . 
 he would n't know what size to get . 
 `` i did n't know what size shoe to buy , so i figured you could wear slippers in the store . 
 i 'll carry you back to the car when we 're done , '' austin said as if he could read the question marks in her head . 
 she looked at his back with suspicion . 
 he was n't facing the mirror so he could n't see her , but still , she needed to cover herself . 
 her need for warmth outweighed her modesty , so she stripped her bra and panties quickly , finished drying and then threw on the new clothes . 
 she had to fight the urge to hug him . 
 it was actually the most thoughtful - almost romantic - thing a guy had ever done for her . 
 yes , she 'd been bought flowers , even jewelry , but austin had thought quickly , and was ... well he was taking care of her . 
 she pushed the thought down , but it would n't go away . 
 `` thank you , austin , '' she said , her body still cold , but much better than it had been . 
 `` i never could resist a damsel in distress , '' he said as he turned and grinned at her . 
 she began ringing out her sodden clothes in the sink , and he quickly jumped in to help . 
 they finished and put her wet clothes in the bag before he opened the door for them to leave . 
 glancing at her reflection in the bathroom mirror as they exited , she cringed when she noticed that she looked like a drowned rat with her hair plastered to her face . 
 she decided she did n't care . 
 she was feeling much better - well , besides the bruised knees , and tender elbow , so it did n't matter . 
 an old couple walked by , then did a double take as they realized she and austin had just come from the bathroom . 
 the old man actually gave austin a wink before they passed . 
 kinsey 's cheeks flamed again . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 austin asked as he snagged a cart . 
 `` you really do n't need to hang out with me as i shop , '' she said as she tried to dismiss him . 
 `` i told you , i have things to get , too . 
 i need new razors , toothpaste - you know , all the good stuff , '' he said . 
 she gave up and moved forward , taking the cart from him . 
 it helped to take some of the weight off her sore left knee . 
 they walked silently down the aisles and kinsey had to smile at the lost look on austin 's face . 
 he obviously had no idea what he was doing . 
 she could bust him on the fact , or just accept he was doing a kind thing for her . 
 considering she did n't want to get soaked waiting for the bus again , she decided to keep her mouth shut . 
 austin looked at what seemed like miles of products . 
 he 'd shopped before , he was n't a complete invalid , but never in a huge market . 
 he would n't admit to kinsey , but he could n't stand shopping and had his staff do most of it . 
 if he needed something simple , he 'd jot down to the local store . 
 beef jerky , fresh donuts , a bag of chips - those were simple items to get . 
 but when it came to the right brand of shampoo , toothpaste , mouthwash , even toilet paper , he had no clue . 
 he 'd be damned before he admitted that to kinsey , though . 
 they continued walking while she grabbed an item here or there and tossed it in the cart . 
 for good measure , he did the same . 
 he did n't know what the heck he was buying , though . 
 heck , if it was n't something he needed , he 'd just donate it . 
 for a ` non-date ' date , he was having a great time . 
 he enjoyed being with kinsey - when she was happy , mad , surprised - hell , any mood she was in . 
 he just liked ... well , he liked who he was when he was around her . 
 he liked that he felt ... energized , ready to do anything . 
 by the third or fourth aisle they entered , he decided that shopping was definitely for women only . 
 he passed a couple of men trailing their wives , and they gave each other sympathetic looks . 
 they looked just as miserable as him as they chased their kids or answered their wives with which products they liked better . 
 if they were like him , he did n't care if the shampoo smelled like peaches or vanilla . 
 any scent on kinsey was enough to harden him . 
 he needed to get her alone soon . 
 if she would n't have been turning blue in the bathroom ... he shook his head to clear those thoughts , or the entire store would know it had been a while for him . 
 he shifted as they walked , his wet pants were already too tight , he did n't need to add to the problem . 
 kinsey could n't seem to take her eyes off austin . 
 the way his jeans clung to him in all the good places , the sight of his shirt plastered across his flat stomach . 
 she would n't mind helping him out of his clothes , he looked a bit uncomfortable . 
 the thought made her giggle . 
 she stopped suddenly and doubled over . 
 she was sore , cold , and exhausted and hysterical laughter consumed her . 
 if he could read her mind , he 'd probably take her right there in the produce aisle . 
 when she glanced at austin 's perplexed expression , she began laughing even harder , finding it hard to breathe . 
 he started patting her back and she tried to suck in breaths of air . 
 her head was starting to feel light . 
 `` p. . . 
 please ... y. . . 
 you have ... to stop ... '' she gasped in between fits of laughter . 
 he took a step back , which was wise . 
 he was dealing with a crazy woman , after all , she thought . 
 one minute she was putting him at arm 's length , the next yelling at him , and then her final break in sanity , had her laughing hysterically in the middle of a super-center . 
 after several minutes , she finally pulled herself together . 
 he did n't say a word as she began walking again , a few more giggles slipping out . 
 `` i need some healthy snacks . 
 since i 'm practically living in the hospital , i 'm gaining too much weight , '' kinsey said as they neared the fruit section . 
 `` you could stand to gain a bit of weight , not that you do n't look great no matter what , '' austin quickly told her . 
 ah , he was a smart man . 
 she actually smiled at him , her first real smile in a long time . 
 he was easy to be around - which was why she fell for his charm in the first place . 
 she tried to remind herself of that fact , but gave up and decided to just go with the flow . 
 it was n't like anything could happen in a huge store . 
 `` i 'd say for our first real date , this is n't too bad , '' austin said with a wink . 
 kinsey stopped and looked at him like he was insane . 
 `` this is n't a date . '' 
 `` i carried you inside , helped undress you , and am now shopping . 
 i choose to believe it 's a date , '' he countered . 
 `` fine , but then you 're a cheap date . 
 i did n't even get flowers . '' 
 `` you want flowers ? 
 i 'll buy you a room full , '' he said with a gleam in his eyes that worried her . 
 she knew he would indeed buy them if she did n't put a stop to it . 
 `` i was just kidding . 
 i have no room for flowers , '' she warned . 
 `` there 's always room for flowers . '' 
 she quickly changed the subject , hoping to distract him . 
 `` why are n't you married like the rest of your family ? '' 
 that stopped him in his tracks . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just never found someone i could see myself spending the rest of my life with , '' he hedged . 
 `` what about kids ? 
 you do so great with your nieces and nephews . '' 
 `` i love those little rugrats . 
 i ca n't believe how amazing they are . 
 a few years ago i would 've been convinced i was n't father material , but now ... '' he trailed off . 
 kinsey was shocked by his answer . 
 she 'd been trying to make him uncomfortable so he 'd drop the whole dating thing , not find more reasons to like him . 
 she could easily picture him with a baby girl in his arms , his face beaming with pride . 
 her imagination took over and she could see herself beside him . 
 no ! 
 she could n't afford to go there . 
 he already told her he was n't planning on getting married , that he had n't found anyone worth making that commitment . 
 he wanted to sleep with her , sure , but he did n't want to put a ring on her finger . 
 besides , she did n't want that , either . 
 right ? 
 oh , she was so confused . 
 she just needed a good night 's rest . 
 that was all . 
 their gazes locked . 
 she could practically feel the steam rising from their damp bodies . 
 one word , that 's all it would take for her to have the most fantastic night of her life , but she did n't want that ... she really did n't , she reminded herself . 
 finally , she managed to tear her gaze away . 
 she took a step forward , grabbing random items as she tried distracting herself . 
 without realizing what she was doing , she grabbed a box of condoms , tossing it in the cart . 
 i 'm stronger than this . 
 a way-too-sexy-for-his-own-good guy is n't what i need right now . 
 he 's the brother-in-law of my best friend . 
 an affair with him would be awkward . 
 i ca n't even go there . 
 she repeated those sentences over and over in her head . 
 she could n't fight him , and herself , too . 
 she 'd cave - she knew she would . 
 austin had stopped and was staring at her with fire burning in his eyes . 
 she looked at him , wondering what was going on . 
 then he reached into the cart and pulled out the condoms , a confident grin on his face . 
 `` thank you , '' he practically purred . 
 then , he laughed , pleasure obvious as he went on and on . 
 kinsey looked at the box of extra-large condoms and her face flamed . 
 she quickly pushed ahead , too mortified to comment . 
 she was hoping the floor would just go ahead and swallow her up right there . 
 he quickly caught up to her , and they were silent as they strolled through the store over the next twenty minutes . 
 she grabbed a few more items , but she wanted to be done . 
 once she had everything she needed , they started making their way to the checkout stands . 
 the sooner the trip was over , the faster she could regain her sanity . 
 she knew once she was away from him , she 'd remember all the reasons not to date - or sleep with - the very confident and gorgeous austin . 
 austin insisted on loading the belt , then paid for the entire purchase . 
 she was n't going to argue with him in front of the cashier , but she 'd have words for him once they got inside his car . 
 it was n't a lot of money , but still ... they were nearing the front door when they were interrupted . 
 `` austin ? '' 
 an annoying female voice called . 
 she seemed surprised to see him in a discount store . 
 kinsey was surprised anyone he knew would be in the store . 
 she did n't picture the kind of ladies he normally associated with , shopping in a discount warehouse , especially late at night . 
 they both turned and saw a stunning woman , wearing a tight skirt , a shirt with her cl ** vage on display , and her hair and make-up done to perfection . 
 she squealed before rushing to them and throwing her arms around austin 's neck , smashing her huge br ** sts against his chest . 
 they have to be fake , kinsey thought . 
 austin pushed the woman away , but he did n't look to be in too big a hurry to do it , kinsey thought snidely . 
 she had to catch her errant thoughts . 
 he was n't hers and he could do what he wanted . 
 she 'd told him several times that she did n't want anything to do with him . 
 she knew he was n't a monk , and had plenty women at his disposal , but it was awkward standing next to him while another woman clung on tight . 
 kinsey felt like scratching the barbie 's eyes out . 
 `` it 's good to see you , candy , '' austin said . 
 kinsey was surprised by the stiffness in his voice . 
 he did n't sound pleased to see her . 
 she decided to give them privacy , because three was definitely a crowd . 
 she turned and took a step , trying to move away , when austin 's arm snaked out and gripped her around the waste . 
 he pulled her snugly against his body , and the woman turned , seeming to notice her for the first time . 
 her eyes narrowed slightly before she returned her full attention to austin . 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're shopping . 
 you used to always complain that there was never a reason to grocery shop with all the available restaurants around town , '' she said with a pout . 
 `` well , things change , '' he said shortly . 
 she giggled an annoying sound and kinsey wondered if she 'd sounded that terrible when she 'd had her laughing fit earlier . 
 she really hoped not . 
 she tugged against austin , really , really wanting to get away from them . 
 `` i 've been trying to reach you for a couple of weeks . 
 i heard about your father , and figured you 'd need comforting , '' she said in a husky tone . 
 kinsey knew exactly what kind of comforting the woman was offering . 
 slut ! 
 `` thanks for your concern , candy , but kinsey 's been with me the entire time . 
 i would n't have made it through without her . '' 
 candy barely glanced in kinsey 's direction , as if she was n't in the least concerned about the frumpy woman his arm was around . 
 `` well , you know i 'm here for you . 
 why do n't you come by my place on saturday ... '' `` i think we already have plans saturday , do n't we , darling ? '' 
 he asked as he looked into her eyes . 
 he was pleading with her to play along . 
 she was so shocked by the turn of events , she really was n't capable of speaking right then . 
 she just looked at him slightly wide-eyed . 
 `` yes , yes we do . '' 
 he answered his own question . 
 `` we have to get going , candy . 
 it was good to see you . 
 tell your brother hello for me . '' 
 austin did n't give candy time to say another word . 
 with his arm still around kinsey , he moved to the front of the store . 
 at the doors , he grabbed her in his arms , then swung her around to his back . 
 she was so shocked by the motion , she automatically tightened her arms around his neck . 
 pushing the cart , he quickly stepped outside . 
 luckily , the rain had eased up while they were in the store , so it was only a light drizzle . 
 austin rushed them to his car , opened the door , then set her inside in one smooth motion . 
 he quickly placed their items in the back of his benz , then jumped in the driver 's seat . 
 he turned toward her , his hair wet , his cheeks flushed from the cold , and a look in his eye that warmed her up about a hundred degrees . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he did n't try to insult her intelligence by playing dumb , at least . 
 `` she was a woman i went on one date with a while back . 
 there was no reason to go on a second date , but she never quite figured that out . 
 i 've run into her a couple times , and she 's done all she can to throw herself at me . 
 it was easier to let her think you and i are a couple . 
 i plan on that happening anyway , '' he answered as if it was no big deal . 
 `` you 're so damn presumptuous . 
 maybe i did n't want to play in your little cat and mouse game , and for the last time , i 'm not going out with you . 
 i had sex with you - once . 
 big deal . 
 it was forgettable , anyway , '' she lied . 
 she licked her lips , immediately knowing her words were a mistake , as she watched his eyes darken with desire . 
 before she could utter another word , he was dragging her across the seats , her body crushed between the steering wheel and his rock solid chest . 
 his obvious arousal was pressing into her quickly heating core . 
 her eyes widened as he lifted his hand into her hair and tugged hard , bringing her mouth down to his . 
 he was n't gentle or coaxing . 
 he was outright demanding as he pressed his tongue against her lips , insisting she open for him . 
 she gasped as sensations washed through her , giving him full access to her mouth . 
 his tongue ran along the edge of her lips , making them tingle , before he drove inside her mouth , making her lose all thoughts . 
 one hand gripped her head , holding it in place , while his other ran down the curve of her back , and pulled her even tighter against him . 
 without thought , she ground her h * ps against his , searching for relief . 
 pressure continued building inside her . 
 pushing into him only made her burning need worse . 
 she groaned as multiple sensations washed over her , electricity sparking in the air . 
 she reached around his neck , running her fingers through his damp hair , tugging on the strands , needing him to keep kissing her . 
 she 'd never been so consumed . 
 her heartbeat accelerated as she lost her breath . 
 she slid her tongue in his mouth , and when he sucked on it , a shiver racked her from head to toe . 
 he was turning her to jello with just a kiss . 
 as austin 's hand slid under the hem of her shirt and straight up to her straining n ** ples , kinsey was quickly forgetting all her reasons why an affair with him was a bad idea . 
 chapter seven austin was losing all semblance of control as he stroked kinsey 's body . 
 his hand moved under the hem of her shirt until finally he cupped her heavy breast in his hand , his thumb sliding across her tight nipple . 
 his tongue delved deeper in her mouth , tasting her , enveloping her . 
 claiming her as his . 
 her body was made for him . 
 the way her spread thighs cradled him perfectly , the fit of her soft breast spilling from his palm , even the feel of her lips devouring his own . 
 if his jeans were n't in the way , he 'd easily slip inside her heat , her body gripping him , sending him to another existence . 
 one where pleasure was all that mattered . 
 he was losing it - forgetting he was in a store parking lot , forgetting anyone could pass by . 
 he had one thought on his mind . 
 claim her . 
 he reached down her sweats , his fingers gliding across the smooth , flat surface of her stomach , sliding inside the silk panties he 'd just purchased for her . 
 he slid under the thin elastic , and when he felt her wetness - her readiness for him - his body throbbed in pain . 
 he had to take her , now . 
 he 'd pleasure her more later . 
 he shifted to undo his pants , when there was a tapping on his window . 
 kinsey jerked from him , her eyes widened to the point that if he was n't in so much agony , it would 've been comical . 
 there was tapping again and he glanced at the driver 's side window , unable to see out because they were so fogged up . 
 he could n't remember the last time he 'd necked in a car . 
 not since he was a teenager , that 's for sure . 
 he definitely could n't remember the last time someone had busted him in the middle of making love . 
 he 'd only meant to kiss her for a few moments , to prove to her that , yes , it really was that good . 
 for her to blow him off had n't done wonders for his ego . 
 he knew she was lying . 
 she 'd received just as much pleasure as him , but still , it had stung . 
 `` hello . 
 please roll down your window , '' came an authoritative voice . 
 austin sighed as kinsey jumped from his lap as if he had the plague , and quickly resumed her seat , her head cast down , while her body practically hugged the passenger door . 
 he finally rolled down his window to find an officer standing there with his flashlight shining in directly at him . 
 `` evening , officer . 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 austin asked , quickly recovering . 
 the cop looked at austin , then kinsey , surprise showing on his features . 
 it was obvious he 'd expected to find a couple of teenagers . 
 `` hello , sir . 
 there 's no loitering in the store parking lot , '' the officer finally said , a small smirk on his face . 
 austin could practically feel the heat radiating off of kinsey 's face . 
 he knew she was as red as a fire engine . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 we were just ... um ... talking , '' austin said . 
 he knew the officer did n't buy it , but what was he supposed to say ? 
 sorry officer , but i 'm so damn horny for this woman , i forgot where i was . 
 i just about had her pants down when you interrupted us . 
 he somehow did n't think that would go over too well . 
 `` why do n't you finish your ... um , talking , at home . 
 have a nice day , folks . 
 i 'll wait here to make sure you do n't have any engine problems . '' 
 with that , he turned and walked back to his cruiser . 
 austin shifted the vehicle into drive , flashed on his lights , and quickly merged into traffic . 
 he did n't say anything until they were parked at the hospital . 
 kinsey immediately tried to jump from the car , but he grabbed her arm . 
 he could n't believe how off kilter she was constantly throwing him . 
 he looked at her head until she finally turned and locked eyes with him . 
 she was shaken , that much was obvious , as tremors still racked her body . 
 she was also afraid . 
 he could understand that . 
 they had something ... something unusual . 
 it scared the hell out of him , too . 
 `` i need to go , '' she whispered in a plea . 
 he knew she wanted to build her walls back up . 
 he had no choice but to let her , but what he wanted was to drag her home with him . 
 `` kinsey ... '' `` i have to work , austin . 
 thank you for the ride , and the items , but i have to get inside . 
 i 'm late now , '' she said more firmly . 
 she was gaining her iron will back . 
 `` fine , '' he said and let go of her arm . 
 she scrambled out of the car and took a few steps toward the hospital , her slippers visibly getting soaked . 
 `` you forgetting something ? '' 
 she turned as he opened the trunk . 
 he saw the hesitation , like she wanted to just leave the items there . 
 finally , she walked back and grabbed her bags . 
 `` i can help you carry them , '' he offered . 
 she looked down at the three bags , then at him with an , are you kidding me , look . 
 `` i 'm neither helpless , nor a damsel in distress . 
 i do appreciate your help tonight , but i 'm not trying to play hard to get , austin . 
 i 'm too busy for a relationship , and we just do n't ... well , we do n't click . 
 i told you , i do n't do affairs . 
 let it go . '' 
 with those words , she turned and walked inside . 
 he admired the view of her h * ps moving as she marched off . 
 he smiled . 
 he did n't really know why . 
 she was the most frustrating female he 'd ever dealt with , but he liked her . 
 really liked her , as a matter-of-fact . 
 `` see ya soon , kinsey , '' he called . 
 he watched her step falter for a moment , before she resumed her pace . 
 he waited until she was safely inside before he climbed back into his car . 
 he turned up the music on the radio and sang along . 
 for having to go home and take an ice cold shower , he was feeling pretty good . 
 a few days passed with kinsey managing to avoid austin . 
 apparently , something at the offices had come up and he 'd been unable to make it to the hospital during her shifts . 
 she finally got two full days off . 
 it was a win , win , because that meant her patients were doing well enough for her to step away for a couple days . 
 she was thrilled george was better , and joseph was stable . 
 she needed the days off , too - desperately . 
 she had n't hesitated when her boss told her to go home and rest . 
 the first thing she 'd done was take a two hour bath while reading , then she 'd glared at her pile of mail . 
 she had to pay bills , whether she liked it or not , so she may as well get it over with . 
 she sat down with her checkbook and started ripping into her mail . 
 an hour later , she felt a headache coming on , so she lay on the couch with her eyes closed , and a hot cup of coffee next to her . 
 as she rested , she could n't help but think of austin . 
 the man was invading her day and night , whether he was actually there or not . 
 she was so high strung , she knew she was going to have to do something , but she could n't figure out what . 
 she reminded herself of all the reasons she did n't want to have a cheap affair with him , but her body was in a constant fight with her mind . 
 she was in a permanent state of arousal , it seemed . 
 with frustration , she finally got up and went to the kitchen to find a snack . 
 there was hardly any food in the house since she 'd been practically living at the hospital . 
 her paycheck was gratifyingly large , though , so she was able to pay all the bills while putting away a nice chunk of change for a rainy day . 
 she may even treat herself to a day at the spa . 
 she knew cassie would be up for it . 
 it seemed like forever since the two of them had been able to get out with no one else around . 
 she loved being surrounded by people , but sometimes she just needed her best friend and no one else . 
 she found a can of soup and put it on the stove to boil . 
 while she waited , her mind drifted to the kiss a few nights previously . 
 just thinking about it had her n ** ples tightening and her legs clenching together , seeking relief from the pulsing of her body . 
 she wondered if the cold shower thing worked for women . 
 she 'd never needed one before meeting austin anderson . 
 the corners of her mouth lifted at her errant thoughts . 
 when she was thinking about turning the stove off and giving the cold shower idea a try , her doorbell rang , causing her heart to flutter . 
 if he was on the other side , she was throwing in the towel and attacking him on her living room floor . 
 she neared the door , her heart beating erratically in her chest as she flung it open . 
 she did n't know whether to sigh in relief , or cry in frustration when she saw cassie standing there . 
 `` hey , love . 
 i was so excited to hear you got a day off work that i rushed right over . 
 max has ariel , and i 'm in desperate need of girl time , '' cassie gushed as she gave kinsey a quick hug and stepped through the threshold . 
 kinsey smiled , her heart slowing to a normal speed , happy to see her best friend . 
 `` i 'm surprised you could pull yourself away from your hunk of a husband long enough to remember where i lived , '' kinsey teased . 
 `` trust me , you 're not far off . 
 i ca n't believe how lucky i was to have found him , or him finding me . 
 i do n't care as long as we 're together . 
 it still feels like we 're on our honeymoon , even after all this time , and a three month old baby , '' cassie gushed . 
 her tone softened and her eyes got all dreamy as she talked about max . 
 kinsey felt the tiniest bit jealous . 
 not of cassie , of course , just that her best friend had been lucky enough to find one of the good men out there . 
 with a sea of scoundrels , it was hard to find a true prince . 
 maybe that 's why kinsey was always so leery to date . 
 she 'd been burned more than once by a guy she thought was a knight in shining armor . 
 `` i ran into austin last night , '' cassie said as she sat down . 
 kinsey counted to five in her head . 
 she did n't want to seem eager for information . 
 she wanted to be casual , not look as if she cared about cassie 's brother-in-law . 
 `` that 's good , i guess , '' kinsey replied , hoping her tone sounded bored . 
 `` yeah , he looked kinda miserable . 
 really hung up on something ... or someone , '' cassie persisted , like she had her own secrets . 
 she was killing kinsey . 
 `` that 's too bad . 
 i hope he feels better soon . 
 hold on a minute . 
 i need to check my soup . '' 
 `` put your soup away . 
 we 'll go have lunch , '' cassie called . 
 kinsey figured she was pulling off her whole indifferent act . 
 she nearly breathed a sigh of relief until cassie spoke again . 
 `` then you can fill me in on why austin looks like crap , and you 're trying so hard to act like you do n't care . '' 
 `` damn , '' kinsey whispered as she turned the burner off . 
 she should 've known she could n't keep anything from cassie . 
 they 'd known each other for too many years . 
 it had been worth a try , though . 
 `` there 's nothing to tell , cass . 
 you know we had a one-night-stand . 
 nothing came of it , '' kinsey said . 
 it was much easier to try and deceive her friend if she did n't have to look her in the eye . 
 `` that 's not what i heard from max . 
 apparently you two shared a hot and heavy kiss the other night in a store parking lot . '' 
 `` he talked about that ? '' 
 kinsey shouted . 
 `` hey , i 'm just the messenger . 
 do n't yell at me , '' cassie said with a chuckle . 
 `` i was eavesdropping on him and max . 
 he was talking about frustrating women , cold showers , and inconsiderate law officers . '' 
 cassie deepened her voice , trying to sound like a guy . 
 she was n't pulling it off . 
 `` it was just a little kiss . 
 no big deal . 
 nothing to even talk about . 
 i do n't know why he 's making such a big deal about it . 
 i completely forgot about it until you brought it up . '' 
 `` you suck at lying , you know , '' cassie said , making kinsey jump when she realized her friend had snuck up on her . 
 `` okay , so the kiss was good . 
 great , in fact . 
 all of them have been , but that does n't mean anything . 
 i could have a great kiss with a dozen different guys , at any club in the city , on a friday night . 
 i do n't have time to get involved with anyone right now . 
 besides , even if i did , it would n't be austin . 
 he 's a known playboy , he 's told me he is n't interested in commitment of any kind . 
 i just ... '' `` you just like to lie to yourself . 
 he 's hot , kinsey . 
 hot for you - for your body . 
 he 's a good guy , believe it or not . 
 yes , he 's a bit arrogant , and definitely sure of himself , but he 's got a heart of gold . 
 do n't let yourself be so scared that you run away when you should just slow down and take what 's being offered . 
 what he wants to give . '' 
 `` i love you to pieces , and always will , but it would never work . 
 i know the thought of us being married to brothers was always the dream come true scenario , but that 's not going to happen , so let 's quit talking about austin and just have an amazing day . 
 i have n't had two days off in a row in forever . 
 i do n't want to waste them , '' kinsey begged . 
 `` you win for now , but i 'm not giving up . 
 i think the two of you were meant to be together . 
 i 've never seen him so hung up on a girl . 
 and believe me , i see a lot of girls chasing him . '' 
 kinsey had to fight the jealousy overriding her good sense at even thinking about austin with other women . 
 of course he was with other women ; he was a playboy , for goodness sake . 
 still , it made her see a bit of red . 
 nothing a pedicure and lots of chocolate would n't cure , though . 
 `` i 'm starving . 
 let 's get chinese food , pedicures and endless chocolate . 
 i 'll treat , but only if you agree not to mention a certain bachelor 's name , '' kinsey said with a fake laugh . 
 `` deal . 
 but one more final thought . 
 just make sure you 're not passing up on a great thing because you 're afraid of getting hurt . 
 i almost did that with max and that would 've been the worst mistake of my life , '' cassie said with complete seriousness . 
 `` you and max were meant to be together . 
 the two of you should be on posters for dating services . 
 i swear the gushy looks he gives you are almost sickening . 
 i promise you , though , that i 'm not letting life pass me by . 
 i 'm just , well , busy . 
 what is it with married people ? 
 they 're always trying to marry off everyone else . 
 i guess marriage is n't as bad as millions of divorced couples believe , '' kinsey said , trying to pull off her joke , but falling a bit flat . 
 she 'd been in relationships before , but just had n't managed to find that spark . 
 that little extra something that made her want to go to sleep each night , and wake up each morning next to the same person . 
 austin immediately popped into her head . 
 she could see herself waking next to him . 
 that would n't be a heartache in the least . 
 no , she scolded herself again . 
 that was just the exhaustion talking . 
 she 'd be over it in a few more days . 
 she was saying it so much , she was almost believing her own lies . 
 good . 
 `` okay , i promise to be good . 
 i know the perfect place for lunch . 
 i just found it when max and i were out the other day . 
 they have the best egg rolls i 've ever tasted . 
 light and flaky skins , just the way i like them , '' cassie babbled as kinsey grabbed her purse . 
 `` i promised i would n't go out the entire two days off , but even after a couple hours in my apartment , i 'm going a little stir-crazy . 
 i 'm glad you came over . '' 
 `` what are best friends for ? 
 we tend to know when the other person needs us . 
 sometimes , we even know it before the other one does , '' cassie said wisely . 
 `` you 're right as usual . 
 seriously , thank you , cass . 
 thanks for always being there - for knowing what to say , and not to say , and for just being you . '' 
 cassie gave her a quick hug before they strolled outside . 
 kinsey was thrilled to see cassie had a car with a driver - that meant they could have drinks with lunch and while getting pedicures . 
 she felt her stress immediately start to ease . 
 it was turning into a great day , even after her rocky beginning . 
 chapter eight `` congratulations . 
 you 're doing great , george . 
 you wo n't be running marathons anytime soon , but you 're clear to go home , '' the doctor said as he signed the discharge forms . 
 `` i feel good , doctor . 
 do you have any good news about my brother ? '' 
 george asked as he looked over at joseph , who had n't stirred in weeks . 
 he could see the strain on katherine 's face , along with the rest of the family . 
 `` he 's stable right now . 
 he has n't gotten any better or worse at this point , '' the doctor hedged . 
 george sighed in frustration . 
 how could he possibly celebrate his own health when his brother was hanging on by a thread . 
 nothing would ever be the same again if joseph did n't come out of the coma . 
 he had to . 
 he was stubborn and strong and he could n't leave his family . 
 they needed him too much . 
 he hated that he could n't talk to joseph , especially since it took a car wreck to make him want to open up about his relationship with esther . 
 guilt was eating at him . 
 `` george , i 'm so glad to see you 're feeling better , '' esther said as she joined the family . 
 george 's heart skipped a few beats at just the sight of her . 
 as he looked at esther , his aching eased . 
 he never thought it possible to find love again , but then he 'd never expected to meet a woman like esther . 
 she was kind , loving , and full of life . 
 he could see them traipsing around the world over the next several years . 
 what thrilled him most of all , though , was the growing love between esther and his children . 
 he could never even consider marrying again , unless the woman loved his family . 
 even though his children were grown , they still needed each other . 
 that 's what family was about . 
 `` thank you , esther , '' he finally replied , trying to act casual . 
 he hoped he was pulling it off . 
 `` how are you holding up , katherine ? '' 
 esther asked as she approached katherine and enveloped her in a comforting embrace . 
 `` i 'm taking it a day at a time . 
 i miss him , but i know he 'll come back to me . 
 his life is n't finished yet . 
 he has so much more to give , '' katherine said , her voice deep with emotion . 
 george 's own throat tingled as he heard the pain in his sister-in-laws voice . 
 he loved her , had been thrilled when joseph finally came around and married her . 
 he smiled , thinking back to those early days . 
 how stupid and bullheaded both he and his brother had been , especially when it came to women . 
 no wonder their own children had been so leery to take a leap of faith into marriage and families . 
 it seemed to take the anderson men a bit longer than the average male to admit they were wrong and to allow themselves lifetimes of happiness . 
 `` if there 's anything i can do , you let me know , '' esther offered . 
 `` i appreciate it , but i think the only thing any of us can do at this point is wait ... '' `` can you give me a ride home , esther ? 
 i 'd like to shower and change . 
 i 'll come back real soon , katherine , '' george said . 
 `` yes , that will be fine , '' esther replied , her cheeks pickening when several heads turned toward her . 
 `` you do n't need to come back tonight , george . 
 please , stay home and rest . 
 you need to take care of you , so you can help me take care of joseph when he wakes up , '' katherine said . 
 `` joseph anderson , you do n't rest too much longer , okay ? 
 you need to come back home to us . 
 we all love and miss you greatly , '' george said as he leaned down and hugged his brother . 
 his heart was broken with their constant connection between one another lost . 
 he so badly wanted to hear that booming , wonderful voice , sit down by the fire with a fine glass of bourbon , and laugh about their stubborn children . 
 soon , he promised himself . 
 joseph would wake soon . 
 `` i 'm ready , esther . 
 i appreciate the ride , '' george finally said . 
 the nurse tried to insist on him riding in a wheelchair to the front entrance , but he blew her off . 
 he was n't an invalid . 
 he 'd been walking since he was eight months old , and he was n't going to start being pushed around now . 
 he slipped his arm through esther 's and they walked from the room . 
 `` are you okay , mom ? 
 i know you miss dad , but you need to get out of here a little more , '' mark said as he sat next to katherine . 
 `` ah , mark , you 'll understand after you 've been married as long as i have . 
 it hurts me to be away from him . 
 i feel like i ca n't breathe when we 're apart . 
 your father needs me here . 
 i know he can hear me . 
 i know he 's aware that i 'm by his side . 
 the more time i 'm here , the sooner he 'll come home . '' 
 `` mom ... '' `` now , do n't you mom me . 
 i 'm doing just fine . '' 
 `` can you tell us more of your story ? '' 
 amy asked . 
 `` you left off with joseph standing at your door . 
 he was being quite the pig headed man . 
 i 'm really hoping you put him in his place , '' she finished with a smile to take any of the sting out of her words . 
 `` of course , i 'd love to tell you more . 
 it takes me back . 
 oh , how i miss those days of young love , passion , and romance . 
 obviously , it worked out for joseph and me , but i seriously had my doubts ... '' katherine trailed off . 
 she sat back , making herself comfortable before she began ... katherine stood in the doorway in shock . 
 she could n't believe he 'd show up at her door , and then dare to insult her . 
 oh , she 'd missed him , even knowing what he 'd done . 
 she 'd thought him handsome five years ago , but time had only refined him . 
 he stood before her , taller than life , his bright blue eyes practically shooting sparks , as they gazed at her . 
 his dark hair was cut short , and his clothes were slightly wrinkled , as if he 'd traveled a great distance , only to show up on her doorstep . 
 his face was a bit more chiseled , all traces of youth gone . 
 his shoulders a little wider , stronger . 
 he 'd always tied her stomach in knots , but she thought she 'd purged him from her mind . 
 she 'd been wrong . 
 her knees were trembling , and she had to lock them together to keep from dropping in a puddle . 
 she could n't let him know how much he was affecting her . 
 she also could n't seem to find her voice as they stared at each other . 
 `` you going to answer ? '' 
 he mocked , his baritone voice cascading over her skin . 
 she fought the tremors wanting to rack her body . 
 he was n't there to proclaim his love , she was sure of it , not that she 'd believe him anyway . 
 he was there for revenge for what he perceived a wrongdoing on her part . 
 she knew he could see what he was doing to her . 
 it was obvious . 
 she 'd never been good at hiding her feelings . 
 he 'd often commented on how he loved the passion just underneath her prim surface . 
 he 'd been all about releasing that passion , exposing her , making her feel almost raw in his arms . 
 she 'd never given to another , what she 'd promised to joseph . 
 she 'd thought she was over him - she 'd been wrong . 
 `` i 've often thought about you - wondering how many other men you 'd played games with . 
 i wonder who of us has had more partners , katherine , '' he said with a sneer . 
 that did it . 
 her temper finally overrode her shock . 
 `` well , joseph , i do n't kiss and tell , so you 'll just have to keep wondering . 
 i 'm sure , though , if i was a gambler , i 'd lay the odds in your favor . 
 with the number of concubines at your service , you can have a new woman at your disposal each night of the week . '' 
 she was proud of the casual tone she used , as if she did n't have a care in the world . 
 let him think what he wanted . 
 he looked at her in surprise . 
 she 'd never before had such a sharp tongue . 
 she 'd grown up , too , in the years they 'd been apart . 
 still , she wondered how she was able to use any wit with him staring at her . 
 `` point taken , '' he said with humor filling his eyes . 
 `` considering your parting words , you ca n't blame me for wondering , though . 
 a woman of your immense needs would n't be single for any length of time . 
 i 've heard rumors that you are n't currently taken . 
 i guess luck is with me . '' 
 katherine wanted to smack him - he deserved it . 
 he was trying to make her lose her temper , and he was succeeding . 
 there was no way she 'd give him that victory , though . 
 she would n't allow him to know how much he affected her . 
 the best thing she could do to win their little sparring match would be to act indifferent . 
 she 'd played in the corporate world long enough to know how to bluff - she 'd just never enjoyed doing it . 
 she was too honest a person to be a true shark . 
 also , she had to remind herself , if he was back , it was because of the shift in power in the anderson family . 
 his father , who she loved , must have called him . 
 she could bite her tongue for the sake of milton , who needed the extra support his son would provide . 
 under no circumstances did she want to see the corporation put into neilson 's hands , even if she had to deal with joseph . 
 because she was part of the board making the decision on who took over the reins of the corporation , she could n't let old wounds influence her in a negative way . 
 if joseph 's name was added to the list of possible candidates , then she needed to look at his qualifications , not the fact that he 'd shattered her heart . 
 how he treated women did n't affect how he was in business . 
 he was known as a shark - a ceo any company would be proud to have at their helm . 
 she knew if that was best for the corporation , she 'd vote that way . 
 she also knew she 'd resign afterward . 
 a woman could only take so much , and there was no way she could handle seeing him on a daily basis , yearning , but never having . 
 it would destroy what was left of her barely healed heart . 
 `` it 's none of your business whether i 'm single or not . 
 i do n't track your hundreds of girlfriends , '' she snapped . 
 before she could feel guilt over losing her battle of wills with herself and snapping , he smirked . 
 katherine continued , `` i 'm sorry , i must 've underestimated you . 
 hundreds is too low a number . '' 
 he laughed aloud at her words . 
 his shoulders shook as he gripped her door , still preventing her from shutting it . 
 the open merriment on his face caught her unaware , and she felt a deep heat burning inside her . 
 she 'd taken years to try to get over him , and still she was n't there . 
 seeing him carefree and filled with humor , even when she was trying to insult him , would cause many more years of yearning . 
 how was she supposed to find a man who even came close to affecting her the way joseph anderson did ? 
 why did he have to be such a charming snake ? 
 `` i do have a reputation to protect , katherine , but even i have my limits . 
 you , on the other hand , have developed quite the mystique , yourself . 
 it 's said you rarely date the same man twice , that you 're cold as a serpent , and can destroy a man 's ego with one piercing gaze from those beautiful eyes of yours . 
 i ca n't imagine the rumors to be true , but ... '' `` you know what they say about assuming , joseph . '' 
 he roared with laughter again , drawing her eyes to the fullness of his lips . 
 she wanted to sink to the floor , remembering the feel of him gently trailing kisses up the side of her neck . 
 he 'd been so tender , so passionate . 
 he 'd shown her a world she 'd never even imagined existed . 
 to have it so brutally ripped away was unfair . 
 she could n't have it happen to her twice . 
 `` ah , it 's good to be home , darling . 
 i 've missed our talks . '' 
 the endearment that came so casually from his lips sent a pang straight to her chest . 
 he 'd rarely called her by her name when they 'd dated . 
 it had always been an endearment , and she 'd loved it . 
 she 'd felt so cherished . 
 she hardened her resolve and pushed on the door a little , not even causing his six-foot-five-inch frame to budge a bit . 
 she kicked out with her foot , hitting his expensive loafers , trying to show him he was unwelcome . 
 she needed to stop their exchange . 
 `` why are you here , joseph ? 
 we could go on all night insulting each other , but i 've had an extraordinarily long day and i just want to eat some dinner and go to bed . 
 tell me what you want , then we can quit torturing each other , and go back to our lives . '' 
 `` i want you , katherine . '' 
 wow , she thought . 
 that was straight to the point . 
 he was n't trying to secretly seduce her . 
 at least he was up front , letting the truth of his intentions linger like a haunting shadow . 
 he 'd been the same way five years previously , but she 'd been wrong about him then , and she knew nothing was different now . 
 katherine was convinced it was all a game to him . 
 he must 've felt she 'd slighted him in some way , so he wanted his pound of flesh . 
 he was n't going to get it . 
 she 'd given him enough already . 
 `` i 'm not up for the taking , joseph , nor am i for sale . 
 this is one transaction you are n't going to close , so you can exit the way you came in . 
 i 'll ask you to leave , once again , '' she said , speaking through clenched teeth . 
 `` invite me in . '' 
 the seductive purr in his voice was meant to melt her from the inside out . 
 he was well practiced in his acquisition of women . 
 the way his voice deepened on the word in as his eyes glanced down her body . 
 the way he was stripping her of her clothes , letting her know he could remember every detail of her . 
 she felt nak * d , though she was perfectly covered . 
 her body responded as it had done so many times previously . 
 she wanted to invite him in . 
 she wanted to forget her heartbreak , forget the rules , forget her iron will and just feel ... feel desire , love , passion . 
 she wanted to feel needed . 
 she almost uttered the invitation , before she snapped out of her trance . 
 as he took a step forward , she quickly blocked him , knowing if he came through those doors , she 'd been too vulnerable , too easy to seduce . 
 `` i 'm not sure what this visit has been about , but i ca n't say it 's been pleasant , joseph . 
 again , i repeat my invitation for you to exit my building . 
 you 're not coming in , not tonight , tomorrow , or a week from now . 
 please step back so i can shut my door . '' 
 `` are you afraid of me , katherine ? '' 
 her eyes widened at the challenge in his eyes . 
 `` no . 
 no , i do n't think you are . 
 i think you 're afraid of yourself . 
 i think you want me . 
 maybe even more than i want you , though i do n't see how that 's possible . 
 do you not trust yourself to be alone with me ? '' 
 the smirk on his face told her he 'd read her telling body like a sign language expert . 
 she was afraid . 
 terrified , in fact . 
 he leaned back against the doorjamb , thankfully not forcing the issue , and just pushing her aside . 
 she knew it was a power of wills . 
 he knew he could get inside . 
 he weighed twice as much as she did , and easily towered over her by a foot . 
 he did n't want to power his way in , though . 
 he wanted her submission to his will . 
 he could keep on wanting ! 
 `` are n't you worried about your neighbor 's eavesdropping on our little conversation . 
 you always were concerned with what others thought of you . 
 i 'd say they 'd probably pull out the popcorn and grab a chair if they could hear our little talk in the hall . '' 
 it was a threat . 
 she had no doubt about it . 
 he was promising her he 'd get louder . 
 but she knew he would n't do it . 
 he had a reputation to protect . 
 his image was splattered on magazines on at least a monthly basis . 
 she was a nobody . 
 she crossed her arms and glared . 
 she just had to stand firm . 
 ignore his empty threats . 
 he shifted , clearing her door , and she quickly started to shut it in his face . 
 before it could latch , his hand shot out , and she knew to struggle would be useless . 
 he weighed a solid two-hundred pounds , if not a bit more , of nothing but solid muscle . 
 she had no chance in a physical challenge against him . 
 heck , she barely had a chance in a mental battle . 
 he was far more sophisticated than her and he really knew how to play all the games she 'd avoided her entire life . 
 `` ah , katherine , you realize i 'm not some pesky fly you can shoo away , right ? 
 when have i ever let the word no deter me ? 
 i came here to see you and talk privately . 
 have you ever known me not to get whatever i pursued ? '' 
 he asked with full authority - total confidence . 
 she shook at the power in his eyes . 
 she did n't know how she could win this battle . 
 why keep fighting ? 
 she knew why . 
 he wanted to have a quick roll in the sack , while she needed to hold onto her sanity . 
 if she caved to him , she 'd lose a lot more than if he just walked away . 
 he could take the hit on his pride . 
 she absolutely could n't take the hit on her heart . 
 `` this is n't a battle , joseph . 
 i 'm sorry if i 've thrown down an imaginary gauntlet , or accidentally challenged you . 
 you win , okay ? 
 you get the points for one-upmanship . 
 now , leave like a gentleman , and we can possibly talk later , maybe do coffee , '' she pled . 
 she was willing to meet him in a public place if it got him off her doorstep . 
 she 'd be prepared by then , armed . 
 not out of sorts and shocked at seeing him for the first time after all these years . 
 he looked into her eyes , his face softening for a moment and she thought she 'd finally convinced him . 
 then his eyes narrowed , just slightly at the corners , and his shoulders stiffened . 
 he was n't done - not even close . 
 `` it looks like we 're doing this the hard way . 
 just remember that i 've warned you . 
 i always get what i want , and right now i want privacy with you . '' 
 he turned and walked away from her door . 
 she shut it to just a crack and peeked out . 
 if he stepped back , she could quickly slam it , but she did n't trust what he was up to . 
 there were elderly people who lived in her complex , and kids , a lot of kids . 
 she knew he would n't bring harm to any of them , but that 's all she knew . 
 maybe he really did n't care if the news stations camped out on her doorstep , but she sure as heck did n't want that . 
 he walked about twenty feet from her door , right in the middle of the floor . 
 she held her breath . 
 what was he doing ? 
 he turned , looking straight through the crack of her door , right into her eyes . 
 then winked . 
 he threw his head back and hollered . 
 `` katherine ! 
 where are you , katherine ? '' 
 his shouts rang like a shotgun through the narrow halls , echoing off the doors . 
 before she could figure out his intentions , doors started opening . 
 she opened hers wider , as she watched her neighbors step into the hallway . 
 he was causing a scene . 
 he knew how she felt about public fighting . 
 it had always disgusted her . 
 she 'd told him that responsible adults could wait until they got home before yelling at each other . 
 he turned , as if spotting her for the first time , and staggered over . 
 what was he doing ? 
 he weaved up the hallway . 
 he was acting ... acting drunk . 
 oh my gosh ! 
 `` katherine , there you are . 
 i 'm so sorry , baby . 
 i did n't mean to talk to the other girl . 
 you left so suddenly , but you know you 're my only one , '' he slurred . 
 he was going to get his way . 
 she was seething as she stepped closer to him . 
 her fear of public displays was greater than her fear of being alone with him . 
 `` it 's okay , joseph . 
 come inside and we 'll talk , '' she said through clenched teeth . 
 `` it 's all right , everyone . 
 you can go back inside now , '' she told her neighbors , who were looking at the scene like they 'd just bought tickets to the newest hollywood premier . 
 `` i did n't kiss her . 
 really . 
 she kissed me . 
 i want you - only you , '' he said in a falsely moaning voice . 
 katherine heard her sixty-four year old neighbor gasp . 
 her face flamed as the humiliation got worse . 
 what was he trying to do to her ? 
 she knew he 'd take it to any level to win , but this was going too far . 
 `` really , he 's not feeling well . 
 i 'm so sorry about this , '' she apologized . 
 `` come with me now , joseph , '' she growled as she grabbed his hand and tugged him toward her open door . 
 she had to get him inside before he said anything else , especially something that would make her have to move from the apartments , even the city , for that matter . 
 `` you forgive me then , baby ? 
 i need you , '' he cried , his words still slurred as he went from obnoxious to pathetic . 
 she was seriously thinking about murder . 
 a life in prison could n't be worse than the humiliation she was feeling at that moment . 
 `` of course , joseph . 
 now come inside ! '' 
 `` ah , baby , i 'll rock your world , '' he gasped as he flashed a lopsided grin and added another stagger for effect . 
 she heard the couple in 5b laugh at the display . 
 she sent them a glare , and the woman winked at her . 
 katherine was thrilled her misery was entertainment for her neighbors . 
 she got to her door and pulled on him , but he leaned against the frame , his sharp eyes looking right into hers , the neighbors unable to see he was anything but drunk . 
 `` are you sure you want me to come inside ? '' 
 he mocked her . 
 `` yes , please , joseph . 
 it would please me greatly if you 'd just get in here , '' she whispered in a deadly voice . 
 `` ah , you 're so good to me , '' he slurred as he leaned toward her . 
 she held her hand against his chest , stopping his lips from touching hers by only a couple inches . 
 `` round one goes to you , okay ? 
 can you stop humiliating me and just come inside , '' she demanded , hoping her voice was low enough not to carry to her neighbors . 
 `` yeah , baby , i 'll do the striptease for you , '' he said loudly . 
 she was going to kill him . 
 no doubt about it . 
 she kicked him hard in the shin , hoping it caused him to stagger for real this time . 
 when he winced , she shoved him through the door and slammed it shut . 
 she stood two feet away , steam practically shooting out of her ears . 
 she could n't ever remember being so angry . 
 he 'd straightened with his back to the door , not even looking like her kick had affected him in the least , though her own foot was throbbing . 
 there was no way she 'd admit it , though . 
 he seemed to know , as he knew everything else . 
 with a quick movement , he was at her side and lifting her into his arms . 
 `` i warned you , by any means necessary , '' he said as he carried her to the couch . 
 `` how dare you . 
 are you trying to ruin my life ? 
 will that make you happy ? 
 because you 're doing one hell of a fine job of it . 
 i wo n't be able to look into any of their eyes again . 
 they think , not only am i some pathetic loser , but that i abuse you , too . '' 
 she balled her hand up and punched him in the chest , not affecting him in the least . 
 now her foot and hand hurt . 
 he sat on the couch with her on his lap . 
 she struggled against him for a moment before figuring out it was useless . 
 when she felt his arousal pressing into her hip , she knew she 'd lost . 
 she met his eyes to find intense desire darkening their depths . 
 she was in trouble . 
 deep , deep trouble . 
 he closed the small gap between them , his lips taking hers . 
 anger , frustration , and pure need mixed as his tongue delved into her mouth , claiming her as his as if no time had passed . 
 she grabbed his hair , intending to push him away , stop the seduction . 
 but when his hand gripped her bare leg , desire shot through her , and she started falling into an abyss of pleasure . 
 she could n't fight him . 
 it was impossible . 
 his kiss turned from angry passion , to tender seduction and she was gone . 
 her body melted against his , and she caved . 
 she 'd lost the second he 'd shown up at her door , so what was the use of fighting it anymore ? 
 `` i could have saved a lot of arguing had i just kissed you immediately . 
 your body knows what it wants . 
 it 's your mind that 's trying to confuse you . 
 we 're meant to be together , '' he gasped before all talking ended and he kissed her again . 
 she did n't know how it happened , but soon she was lying on the couch with him stretched out above her . 
 it felt right . 
 everything was perfect . 
 just one night , she promised herself . 
 just as his hand was reaching for the tie on her robe , the doorbell rang . 
 katherine tried to acknowledge it , but she could n't think past the haze of desire swarming her . 
 it rang again and suddenly joseph was standing , several inappropriate words leaving his mouth . 
 he stomped to the door and yanked it open . 
 it took katherine several moments to realize she was spread out on the couch while he was opening her front door . 
 `` is ... katherine home ? '' 
 a voice asked . 
 she tensed as she sat up . 
 her humiliation was complete . 
 her brother was there , and she knew her hair had the just-climbed-out-of-bed look . 
 heck , her neighbors had probably still been in the hall and filled him in on the whole scene already . 
 `` she 's busy , '' joseph snapped . 
 she knew he recognized aaron . 
 `` i 'm here , aaron . 
 come on in , '' she called as she dashed toward her bathroom . 
 she was going to take a few minutes to compose herself . 
 hopefully , joseph would be gone when she came back out . 
 when she finally did reappear she was wearing wool slacks and a thick sweater . 
 she was geared up for protection . 
 she entered the living room to the sound of laughter . 
 her brother had his head thrown back at something joseph had said , and joseph was smirking . 
 when she approached , joseph 's eyes pierced her own , desire still simmering underneath the surface . 
 `` walk me to the door , katherine , '' he commanded . 
 she followed him on auto pilot . 
 he said goodbye to her brother , then bent down and whispered in her ear . 
 `` this is far from over , '' he promised . 
 with that , he turned and strode away . 
 a shiver of trepidation raced through her . 
 she had a bad feeling he was right ... `` i do n't know whether to be appalled at or smitten with my father-in-law , '' jessica said with a horrified laugh . 
 katherine once again returned to the present and looked around the room . 
 she agreed with jessica . 
 thinking back to those days , she did n't know how the two of them ever managed to come to an agreement of any kind . 
 their early days were full of passion and anger . 
 misunderstandings and assumptions . 
 it was so long ago , but it was the beginning . 
 the beginning of the greatest love she 'd ever known . 
 `` we 'll have to continue the story later . 
 thank you for listening . 
 it actually helps ease the pain of missing him so much , '' katherine said . 
 `` it helps us , too , mom . 
 it 's hard to imagine the perfect couple as ever having problems , but wow , just wow , '' mark said . 
 `` your father was a stubborn man . 
 he still is . 
 but that stubbornness is what will help him come home to me , '' katherine sighed . 
 the family all left the hospital together . 
 katherine would return soon , and once again , lay beside her husband and draw on the immense strength he carried even while in a coma . 
 chapter nine `` i think we have enough information to agree it 's time to fire jack . 
 the question is , are we going to press charges ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` fire him , yes , but i think we 're wasting everyone 's time if we press charges . 
 yes , we know it 's him , but it 's all eye witness reports and suspicions . 
 he 's done well at covering his tracks , '' trenton said . 
 `` i agree with both of you . 
 we 'll let him go , but i think it 's already going to be messy , and pressing charges is just going to drag too many people into it , who would rather he just leave , so they can get on with their jobs , '' austin said . 
 austin despised dishonest employees . 
 his family treated their staff with the utmost respect , gave them good benefits , time off , helped their families and invested time and money into them . 
 that 's why , even though it was business , it felt more personal to him when an employee stole from them . 
 jack was paid well , and had been with them for years . 
 there was n't a good reason for theft other than pure greed . 
 `` it looks like dean did a great job of gathering all the information we needed , plus he spoke to all the receivers who had suspicions . 
 jack got away with about fifty-thousand dollars ' worth of merchandise . 
 he does n't have a banking account , so where the money has gone is anyone 's guess , '' max said . 
 `` well , let 's just fire him and write it off . 
 it could 've been a whole lot worse , '' austin said with a sigh . 
 he wanted to press charges just because it burned him that the guy was going to get off with nothing more than a job loss . 
 he had to let it go , though . 
 the family was going through enough stress with joseph still in a coma and his own life was filled to the brink with personal issues . 
 it had been a couple weeks since he 'd last had a moment alone with kinsey . 
 he was getting tired of her avoiding tactics . 
 one way or the other , they were coming to a showdown . 
 he could hardly wait . 
 `` all right , guys , that 's the last of the business . 
 now , tell me about your hot , or should i say , cold , romance with kinsey , '' trenton demanded , snapping austin out of his musings . 
 austin sent his brother a glare . 
 he was a grown man and should n't have his brothers ragging on him about his love life . 
 `` my relationship with kinsey is ... well hell , it 's ... complicated , '' he lamely finished . 
 max and trenton started laughing at his frustrated tone . 
 he guessed he deserved it with the amount of grief he 'd given both of them when they were having relationship issues . 
 it did n't feel so good being on the receiving end . 
 `` are you losing your swagger , little brother ? 
 i 've never seen you crawl before , but it seems to be a constant thing with kinsey , '' trenton mocked . 
 `` my swagger is just fine . 
 as a matter of fact , i have a list of available women just waiting by the phone for my call , '' he snapped . 
 the thought of calling even one of them left him feeling empty . 
 `` yeah , but the one you actually want seems to think you 're about as appealing as salmonella , '' max added . 
 `` you know , i seem to remember when cassie had you crawling on your hands and knees , so you 're not one to mock . 
 and before you interrupt , trenton , jennifer was making you chase her all over the place , '' austin smugly reminded his brothers . 
 they both just flashed goofy grins at him . 
 they were so sickeningly in love , his comments did n't affect them in the least . 
 `` yeah , and look at me now . 
 that unbelievably beautiful woman is mine , '' max said , his chest puffing out . 
 it was more than obvious max would walk on water for her . 
 `` making jennifer my wife is the best thing i 've ever done . 
 she and the kids make me realize why dad wanted us to find someone so badly . 
 if you think kinsey is the one , you need to hold nothing back . 
 do n't let her get away because , trust me , it will haunt you forever , '' trenton warned . 
 austin sat back and waited while trenton talked . 
 he knew his brother 's heart was in the right place , but he was sick of people telling him what to do . 
 what was wrong with wanting to just live for the moment ? 
 as he saw it , nothing . 
 he liked kinsey . 
 big deal . 
 females came and went . 
 yes , he wanted to be with her , but not for the rest of his life . 
 he grabbed a beer and took a long swallow as max joined in and said something inaudible . 
 austin decided he just needed to tune both of them out . 
 since they 'd gotten married , they 'd become too sentimental . 
 the thing that scared the living crap out of him was he was n't so emphatic in his bachelorhood convictions anymore . 
 another large drink of cool liquid went down his throat . 
 his brothers were messing with his head . 
 he had to get out of there . 
 maybe he 'd better go have a chat with kinsey . 
 yes , that seemed like the thing to do . 
 `` look , both of you , '' austin finally interrupted , stopping max mid-sentence . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'm doing right now , but i like her , okay ? 
 it 's not like i 'm planning on bedding her at some cheap hotel , then throwing a fifty on her pillow . 
 she 's pig-headed , irrational , over-emotional , and a royal pain in the ass , but for some reason , i ca n't quit thinking about her . 
 when i next need your opinion on the status of my dating life , i 'll ask , but for now ... '' `` okay , okay , we get it . 
 butt out , '' max said , his lips turning up at the corners . 
 `` paybacks a bit - '' trenton tried to say . 
 `` i get it . 
 i 'm sorry for all the grief i caused while you were chasing jennifer , '' austin interrupted . 
 `` hey , i was n't chasing her . 
 she wanted me , '' trenton said , though they all knew the truth . 
 jennifer had taken one look at him and ran the other way . 
 trenton had quickly followed . 
 it seemed all of the brothers had gone from running as fast as they could from anything that even resembled wedding bells , to sprinting down the aisle . 
 was it their age ? 
 was their mortality catching up to them ? 
 austin did n't even want to think about that . 
 he was only thirty-four , certainly did n't have one foot in the grave yet . 
 it has to be stress , that 's all , he reasoned with himself . 
 one thing he did know for sure , though , was that no matter how irritated he became with his brothers , sister , or even cousins , he would still always love them . 
 he 'd also be there for any of them in a heartbeat , so it went to reason that he 'd also put up with their ribbing , and their long-winded advice . 
 that 's what families did for each other . 
 take 'em or leave 'em . 
 `` i got ta run , '' austin said as he jumped to his feet . 
 he had to see her , talk to her . 
 he had to be with her again . 
 then his life would go back to normal . 
 trenton and max said nothing as he left the room . 
 he was sure they 'd start talking about their insane brother as soon as he was out of earshot , though . 
 he did n't even care . 
 austin made a beeline for the hospital . 
 he looked at the employee parking lot and breathed a sigh of relief when he found her car in its usual place . 
 he knew her shift had ended a half hour ago , but this was her on-call night . 
 since joseph 's condition was steady and george was home , she was only on call at the hospital two nights a week , though also working five twelve-hour day shifts . 
 still , it made it difficult to track her down , try and get her alone . 
 austin strode inside and made his way down the quiet hallway . 
 he preferred the hospital late at night . 
 there was n't as much chaos as the lights were dimmed , the staff lighter , and the halls quiet . 
 he found her room and knocked . 
 no answer . 
 he knocked again and waited . 
 still , no answer . 
 he tried the knob and found it unlocked so he peaked inside the incredibly small space . 
 a rush of relief filled him when he saw her curled up on the small bed with a book in her hand , a dim reading light illuminating the side of her face . 
 she wore a pair of headphones , probably hoping to drown out any noise from the hallway . 
 expectation . 
 hunger . 
 need . 
 they all filled him as his gaze took in her fragile frame . 
 she was wearing her scrubs , but from the look of her damp hair , she must have recently climbed from the shower . 
 he could just smell a hint of mint in the air , making his nostrils flair . 
 he did n't want to desire her , but he could n't deny that he did . 
 his body urged him to move forward , while his mind reasoned for him to slow down . 
 he was too involved , too mixed up over her . 
 his desire won out . 
 he could n't tear his gaze from her naturally pink lips , the hint of cl ** vage barely showing , her shapely legs curled beneath her . 
 he knew what was underneath the unflattering scrubs , and his fingers itched to remove any barrier from their path . 
 her long , dark hair was resting across her shoulders . 
 he loved it when she wore it down , the thick waves acting like a curtain . 
 he wanted her on top of him , her hair falling forward and rubbing against his chest . 
 his body tightened more . 
 he stepped inside and closed the door , waiting for her to look up and notice him . 
 when she did , her eyes widened as she clutched at her chest . 
 `` you startled me , '' she said with a nervous laugh . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` my pager has n't gone off . 
 is there something wrong with joseph ? '' 
 she looked concerned as she rose from the bed , her book set aside as her instincts took over and she went into nurse mode . 
 he was impressed with how quickly she responded . 
 he knew if something were to happen to joseph , she was the one he 'd want to help him . 
 she was good at what she did - she 'd already proven that . 
 `` joseph 's fine . 
 i wanted to talk to you , '' he said as he leaned closer . 
 she finally realized they were alone in her private room . 
 she glanced at the closed door behind him and her eyes widened . 
 he waited until she nervously looked back at him , and then he smiled . 
 there was desire burning in her eyes , and he knew it was n't him she was afraid of . 
 it was herself . 
 piece by piece , he was tearing apart her self-built walls of protection . 
 she was going to succumb to him . 
 she was finally going to give in to her own desires . 
 he knew the waiting had ended . 
 kinsey looked into the predatory eyes of austin , feeling like a cornered mouse . 
 she fought the trembling in her body , knowing if she let her guard down even the tiniest notch more , he 'd have her on her back . 
 she tried telling herself it was n't worth it . 
 she was already too used to him , looking for him each time she stepped into a room , listening for the sound of his laughter , wanting him with a burning need . 
 if she let him seduce her , she 'd be a goner , too attached to let go of him . 
 their one night together had been fantastic , but their tension filled days had been ... too memorable . 
 he was carving a place for himself in her heart , and she could n't afford to let him do that . 
 `` i should go and check on him , '' she finally said after an uncomfortably long silence . 
 it was taking all of her wits to remember they were talking about joseph . 
 `` i just checked . 
 he 's in good hands right now . 
 katherine is asleep beside him . 
 you do n't want to disturb her , do you ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 but i want to get the heck out of this room before i make a monumental mistake , she silently added . 
 `` good . 
 now , let 's chat , '' he said as he took a step forward . 
 she automatically retreated . 
 at her show of weakness , his eyes lit even more and he closed the small gap . 
 he was like a wolf - she his prey . 
 she was in big , big trouble . 
 danger ! 
 her brain screamed . 
 shut up , her heart admonished . 
 the room was filled with thick , pulsing desire . 
 with her back against the wall , she could do nothing but wait . 
 he was inches from her body , his arms rising as his hands created a cage around her trembling form . 
 his scent engulfed her , a slight musk mixed with a hint of driftwood . 
 she wanted to reach forward and run her tongue down the column of his throat , to taste him , feel his heart pumping beneath her lips . 
 she 'd never taken a pulse with her tongue before ... but was willing to give it a try . 
 she felt the heat building up as her muscles quivered . 
 her body was barely holding together and when he kissed her , because she knew he was going to , she thought she may explode . 
 she closed her eyes , trying to block out at least that sense . 
 `` stop . '' 
 she opened her eyes to look at him with confusion . 
 stop what ? 
 `` stop fighting it - you - me - us . 
 just let yourself feel , '' he murmured , his breath caressing her face . 
 he leaned down and took her bottom lip between his teeth , gently biting down before running his tongue across the surface . 
 he did n't take his eyes from hers , showing her the intense desire shining in their depths . 
 he needed her - more than a desert needed rain . 
 she felt lightheaded , yet powerful . 
 she could n't say no . 
 she would n't think of anything but him if she did . 
 if she just let herself give in , she could purge him from her system , realizing it was n't as great as she remembered . 
 hundreds of thoughts raced through her mind as she tried to reason with herself . 
 when his lips fully closed over hers , her mind went blank . 
 when he sucked her tongue into his mouth , her body took over . 
 kinsey 's heartbeat accelerated as austin pressed his entire body against hers . 
 his arms were a solid cage around her , his chest pushing against her br ** sts , making her n ** ples harden as they strained toward him . 
 fever rippled through her as he let go of her tongue , then chased it back into her own mouth , twining the two of them together in a dance of seduction . 
 he moved his hand , just a few short inches , and ran his fingers down her flushed cheek . 
 the corner of his thumb skimming the edge of her lip as he moved a fraction of an inch back . 
 instinct took over as her tongue sprang out and licked the rough pad . 
 he groaned in pleasure , encouraging her to go on . 
 she opened her mouth and sucked his finger inside , exulting at the savage lust in his eyes . 
 she gently bit down before he pulled his hand out of her mouth and grabbed the back of her neck , his lips claiming her once again . 
 he was n't gentle as he owned her mouth , kissing her with unadulterated need . 
 he was possessing her , and holding nothing back in the process . 
 `` you 're mine , '' he growled as he leaned back far enough to pull her scrub top over her head . 
 before she could take a breath , he kissed her again , igniting the inferno her body had become . 
 `` yes , '' she cried when his hand lifted up and cupped her breast , kneading it as his thumb rubbed her nipple . 
 she did n't want even the thin piece of lace between his hands and her flesh . 
 this was what she 'd needed all along . 
 austin . 
 only austin . 
 since the night he 'd taken her so long ago , this was inevitable . 
 he filled a need in her no one else could fill . 
 he gave her pleasure no one else could come close to giving her . 
 he made her heart beat . 
 moving his other hand down her body , he tightly gripped the soft flesh of her behind as he pushed his erection against her core . 
 she met his movements , wanting the clothes gone , but not wanting to break away from him long enough to remove them . 
 as he groaned her name , anticipation built . 
 her desire multiplied with the power of knowing what she was doing to him . 
 he needed her , and she had to please him , just as she knew he 'd give her more pleasure than any one person deserved . 
 when he pulled his lips from hers , she whimpered in protest , her lips tingling with the need to be taken again . 
 then his tongue ran down her jaw and followed the smooth line of her throat to where her pulse was pounding against her skin . 
 he nibbled his way across her collarbone , smoothly licking each spot , causing heat to cascade over her in wave after wave . 
 she moved her neck , silently begging for him to continue . 
 `` i want you so much , kinsey . 
 i think of nothing but you . 
 i need to push deep inside your body , and feel your n ** ples rubbing against my chest . 
 i have to sink my tongue into the very core of you while you scream in pleasure . 
 i ca n't stop until you 're shaking in my arms as i make you cum over and over again , '' he whispered before biting down on the edge of her earlobe . 
 she was done . 
 her legs gave out as she sagged against him . 
 with the smallest of touches she was going to explode in his arms . 
 never before had a man brought her so close to the brink of ecstasy with only his words . 
 but then , austin was n't just any man . 
 his h * ps held her against the wall as he undid her bra and brought both hands up to cup her nak * d br ** sts , taking her n ** ples between his fingers and pinching them as he rolled and tugged them hard . 
 she would n't be able to bear much more . 
 `` now , please , now , '' she demanded . 
 no more denial . 
 no more waiting . 
 his hands left her br ** sts and she moaned her disappointment . 
 no ! 
 he needed to keep touching her . 
 in a quick motion , he stepped back , lifting her up before she dissolved to the floor . 
 before placing her on the bed , his head bent and he took her nipple into his mouth , sucking her deep inside , his tongue sweeping across the hardened peak . 
 he let go only so he could claim the other one , giving it equal attention as his teeth scraped across the pink bud . 
 he dropped her the last few inches to the bed , making her body bounce on the soft cushion . 
 she looked at him with confusion until he started ripping his clothes off . 
 in a matter of seconds he stood before her in all his magnificent glory . 
 his large arousal looked like it was pulsing as he stepped forward , the head glistening . 
 before he could lay down , she quickly sat up , surprised she even could . 
 `` i need to taste you , '' she said before grabbing his satin covered steel and tugging . 
 he stumbled the last inch to her , giving her all the access she needed . 
 `` ah , kinsey , no ... '' he protested in a guttural groan as she took him deep inside her mouth , sucking his throbbing flesh . 
 she responded to his protest by running her tongue across his silky head , tasting his pleasure on her tongue . 
 he said no , but his hands gripped her head as she moved up and down his erection , sucking him deeper with each stroke . 
 `` no more , '' he cried , grabbing her hair and pulling her away . 
 she cried out her displeasure at him making her stop . 
 he bent down and grabbed a package from his pants pocket , quickly slipping a condom on . 
 she got over her frustration of him pulling from her mouth when his body covered hers and he kissed her again . 
 his hands moved up and down her nak * d torso , grazing the edges of her br ** sts as the light dusting of hair on his chest teased her n ** ples . 
 he ground his nak * d h * ps into her still covered core , making her whimper . 
 she needed the pants gone . 
 she had to have him inside her . 
 nothing and no one outside their bubble existed . 
 only austin . 
 only her . 
 he moved his head again and nibbled down her throat , then slowly kissed the tops of her br ** sts . 
 his tongue swirled around the edges of her n ** ples , wetting the area before he finally sucked each straining bud into his mouth , moving back and forth . 
 when he lifted his head and blew on each one , she strained her h * ps against him , rubbing , grinding , seeking ... `` please , no more . 
 i need ... please ... '' she sobbed . 
 her head moved from side to side as she gripped the bed . 
 he shifted and then his hands were finally on the waistband of her scrubs , pulling them , and her panties , in one smooth motion down her legs . 
 with his foot , he pushed off her shoes , never stopping the downward removal of the final pieces of her clothes . 
 he quickly moved back up her body , finally lying on her skin to skin . 
 his heat was scalding as he pressed fully against her , his manhood pressing against her wet entrance . 
 she spread her legs , opening herself up to him , encouraging him to fill her . 
 `` i ca n't wait any longer . 
 i need you too much , '' he groaned as he finally started sliding inside . 
 she groaned as he stretched her skin . 
 she could n't even answer him to say she did n't want to wait . 
 she wanted what he was giving her . 
 she twisted against him , opening her thighs wider , letting her body speak for her . 
 with a hard thrust , he buried himself fully , his h * ps meeting against hers , stretching her small body to the point she did n't know if she could handle him . 
 her stomach tensed as she took his entire girth , her body trying to adjust . 
 his eyes closed as he moved backward , before thrusting forward again , his thick shaft easily sliding in and out of her wet core . 
 `` so wet , you 're so wet , '' he groaned . 
 that did it for her . 
 as he slammed hard back inside her , his shaft buried to the hilt , his skin rubbing against her sensitive flesh , she fell apart , her body exploding as pleasure washed through her , wave after wave of unbelievable pleasure . 
 it went on and on , her body clenching around him , the feel of his hard manhood inside her , intensifying the orgasm . 
 when the tremors finally slowed , she opened her eyes and looked into austin 's . 
 his face was tense , sweat dripping from his brow , down his cheeks . 
 his teeth were locked together , and fire was burning in his eyes . 
 she realized he was very gently moving in and out of her body , prolonging her own pleasure even though it was obviously painful for him . 
 her heart nearly exploded as it pounded . 
 she was losing her carefully created wall , falling for him , falling hard . 
 `` your turn , '' she said as she pulled his face to hers , lifting her h * ps to greet his next thrust into her . 
 he did n't say anything as his lips greedily took hers , his tongue mimicking the movement of his hips , thrusting in and out of her , faster and faster . 
 with one hand , he reached beneath her hip , gripping her butt in his hand , pulling against her harder with each downward movement . 
 as he pushed into her , she felt her stomach tighten , her body building up pressure again . 
 she did n't know how it was possible , but she was on the brink of intense pleasure again . 
 her n ** ples strained into his hard , dark chest , her core pulsed against his solid steel . 
 she reached for the sky , seeking ... needing ... `` yes , kinsey , '' he cried as he pushed hard into her , his full weight sinking on top of her . 
 she felt him pulsing inside her as he groaned , and that sent her back over the top . 
 she cried out with him as the rest of the world ceased to exist . 
 pleasure . 
 only pleasure lingered . 
 kinsey drifted between consciousness and sleep , barely acknowledging when austin rose . 
 she could n't open her eyes . 
 she commanded them to open , but they would n't cooperate . 
 she felt the bed move , then felt him touch her feet . 
 `` ca n't ... '' she moaned , not even able to compose a whole sentence . 
 she heard him laugh , a rich , deep , satisfied laugh . 
 she wanted to open her eyes , wanted to see his face lit up with pleasure , but her lids would n't cooperate . 
 `` i 'm just getting you dressed , kinsey . 
 you 're still on-call ... '' his voice faded as his fingers slid up her thighs , pulling her scrub bottoms back into place . 
 she knew she should be horrified , shocked that she would make love to him at work , but she felt too good to care . 
 maybe when she woke ... chapter ten `` ooh , kinsey , you two look so cute ! '' 
 kinsey groggily woke up , feeling like she could n't breathe . 
 there was an enormous pressure on her chest , and she almost panicked wondering what had her trapped . 
 she snapped her eyes open and looked into the slowly opening lids of austin 's eyes . 
 `` morning , '' he mumbled as he bent down and kissed her , his lips gently caressing hers for a moment , instantly causing heat . 
 he started deepening the kiss as he pressed his rapidly rising arousal against her , making her ache deepen . 
 `` um , hello ? '' 
 kinsey and austin both froze as they turned their heads . 
 normally , kinsey would find the expression on his face comical , but not when she was caught with him on top of her . 
 she pushed her arms against his chest , and he leaned back . 
 she took in a deep breath , her lungs finally able to fill with air . 
 `` sorry to interrupt , but i 've been looking all over for you . 
 we have an appointment in a half hour and you have n't been answering your phone . 
 now i see why , '' cassie said with a wink , mortifying kinsey even more . 
 `` morning , cassie . 
 can you go away for a few minutes ? '' 
 austin asked as if nothing was wrong . 
 `` only a few minutes ? 
 wow , austin , '' she goaded him . 
 kinsey sent her best friend a pleading look , which cassie pretended not to see . 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'll meet you in joseph 's room , '' she said before shutting the door behind her . 
 austin turned back to her and bent down like he was going to kiss her again . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' kinsey said as she quickly scrambled to her feet and held out her hand . 
 `` come on , kinsey . 
 last night was great , '' he said as he followed her . 
 `` stop right there , austin . 
 i ca n't think when you touch me , '' she admitted , then wanted to sew her mouth shut when he gave her a cocky grin . 
 `` nothing wrong with that , baby . '' 
 `` i have to go , '' she said in a panic , then skirted around him and flew out the door . 
 she did n't turn to see if he was following . 
 she ran for the nearest bathroom and locked herself inside . 
 when she looked in the mirror , she groaned . 
 her hair was sticking up in all directions , her lips swollen from his savage kisses , and when she brushed her hair aside , she turned scarlet as she noticed the slight bruising on her neck . 
 she had a freaking hickey ! 
 she had n't had one of those since high school . 
 she did her best to untangle her hair , pulling it forward over her neck , then rinsed her mouth out , using a paper towel to brush her teeth . 
 it was as good as it was going to get until she snuck back to her room , hoping he was gone . 
 she slowly opened the door and peaked both ways before deeming it safe , then she rushed back to her small room . 
 she breathed easier when she found it empty . 
 she did n't even have time to sit and think about her actions . 
 she had to meet up with cassie , who she knew was going to grill her worse than a prison interrogator . 
 kinsey left her room and tried to walk with confidence down the hall . 
 she peeked in joseph 's door , grateful when she noticed austin was n't there . 
 it was only katherine and cassie . 
 she felt her heart calm a little . 
 `` good morning , katherine . 
 how is joseph this morning ? '' 
 she asked as she walked over and looked at his chart . 
 there 'd been no changes the night before . 
 `` i know this sounds silly since the night nurse said nothing was different , but i feel something . 
 i think he 's getting ready to come back to me , '' katherine said with a serene smile . 
 kinsey envied the unbreakable connection between joseph and katherine . 
 how would it feel to have someone love her so much , they never lost faith ? 
 `` i think you 're right , '' kinsey agreed . 
 there was no way joseph could stay away for long . 
 not with a woman as remarkable as katherine waiting for him . 
 `` you ready to leave ? '' 
 cassie asked . 
 kinsey wanted to say no . 
 she knew the inquisition was coming and she needed to gather herself together before cassie grilled her . 
 she thought quickly of a reason to stay . 
 her mind raced as sweat broke out on her brow . 
 got it ! 
 `` i know we 're supposed to get pedicures , but i 've been hanging by a thread while waiting for katherine to tell us more about her romance with joseph , '' kinsey said with almost giddy relief . 
 she knew cassie would want to hear the story continued , also . 
 `` me too , '' emily said as she stepped into the room with amy and jessica . 
 `` we rushed down here this morning with snacks and a do not disturb sign . '' 
 the three women pulled up chairs and looked expectantly at katherine , who looked at the five women before her . 
 `` each one of you are so beautiful , inside and out . 
 i 'm so happy to have you be a part of my family , '' katherine said , making eye-contact with each woman , including kinsey . 
 kinsey shifted uncomfortably on her feet . 
 she did n't know if katherine knew about her and austin , but even if she did , kinsey hav ** g s * x with her nephew , did n't make her a part of the family . 
 `` we love having you as family , '' jennifer said as she stepped inside the room and brushed away a tear . 
 `` sorry , these dang pregnancy hormones are killing me , '' she added with a giggle . 
 kinsey looked down at jennifer 's petite frame , her belly just starting to show . 
 she felt her own internal clock start ticking . 
 her hand grazed her flat stomach as she wondered what it would be like to carry a life inside her . 
 `` i can help you with that , '' austin whispered in her ear , making her jump . 
 she had n't even heard him enter the room . 
 his words sent a shiver down her spine . 
 she could picture a little dark haired boy with bright blue eyes lying in her arms . 
 she almost ached for the child . 
 she knew he did n't really mean the words . 
 he just wanted to get her back underneath him . 
 `` this is a hospital room , brother . 
 you may want to watch the hands , '' trenton said as he walked in the room behind jennifer . 
 trenton smiled at kinsey in a knowing way , then winked . 
 she quickly looked at the floor . 
 she finally realized austin 's hands were resting at the top of her butt , his thumbs dropping dangerously low . 
 she tried to pull back , but he curled his arms around her waist and pulled her flush against his body . 
 all eyes in the room turned to the two of them . 
 she did n't want to cause a scene , but she hated being the center of attention . 
 she knew her face was flaming . 
 as austin 's fingers caressed her hip , she melted . 
 he was messing with her head , causing all kinds of confusion . 
 `` oh , leave them alone , trenton . 
 there used to be a time you could n't keep your hands off me , either , '' jennifer scolded her husband . 
 `` used to be a time , '' trenton said in mock outrage before he gathered his wife in his arms and kissed her so intimately , kinsey felt like an intruder . 
 `` okay , you 're forgiven , '' jennifer said breathlessly a few moments later when trenton released her lips . 
 trenton turned her in his arms , not willing to let her go , as he backed up to a seat , pulling her onto his lap . 
 jennifer actually giggled as she laid her head back to rest against his chest . 
 austin pulled kinsey to the couch against the far wall of the room . 
 he sat down , pulling her beside him . 
 his arm wrapped around her shoulders , trapping her against the side of his chest . 
 she was too embarrassed to look up and see if everyone was still watching the two of them . 
 his hand rubbed along the side of her neck , making her wish they were alone - one touch from him and she was putty in his hands . 
 `` i guess i can continue the story . 
 where exactly was i ? 
 oh yes , so the day after joseph left , after making such an ass of himself in front of my neighbors , i had to deal with the aftermath , '' katherine began . 
 all attention focused solely on katherine as she began reflecting back ... `` you have to spill . 
 is he an escort ? 
 honestly , i do n't even care if he was hired , just as long as you give me the number to his service . '' 
 katherine took a deep breath in , then slowly blew it out . 
 she was standing in her doorway , her hair a mess , her robe having seen better days , and with what she was sure was atrocious morning breath . 
 her neighbor had n't wasted any time whatsoever in knocking on her door , first thing in the morning so she could get the scoop on the hunk in the hallway the night before . 
 `` he was n't even drunk . 
 he 's an old friend who i have n't talked to in a very long time , and he showed up unannounced . 
 i was n't going to let him in , so being the stubborn fool he is , he decided to embarrass me to get his way , '' katherine said . 
 she could see by the look in her neighbor 's eye 's that she did n't believe her . 
 katherine tried not to let it bother her , but she cared what people thought of her . 
 she in no way wanted anyone to think she 'd been at some bar picking up strange men , or worse , calling an escort service . 
 `` fine , keep it to yourself . 
 rumors will just continue to spread , though . 
 it 's better to fess up and tell us . '' 
 katherine decided right then that it was time to move . 
 the hassle of dealing with gossip over her sex life for the next few months just was n't worth staying . 
 her neighbors had no lives , so her love-life would be their entertainment until the next big event happened to take their minds off of her . 
 `` look , penny ... '' katherine started to say when penny 's eyes widened as she looked over katherine 's shoulder . 
 katherine decided she did n't want to turn around and find out what was causing the stunned look on her neighbor 's face . 
 joseph was probably back . 
 he tended to have that effect on women . 
 `` holy mackerel , how in the heck do you get all these gods beating down your door ? 
 i 'll pay you to teach me your secrets , '' penny reverently muttered . 
 `` penny , i explained to you already that joseph is just an old friend , '' katherine snapped , losing all semblance of patience with the woman . 
 `` well , you may have been a lot more believable if it were n't for the fact that zeus number two is currently walking toward us with an earth shattering smile plastered on his face . 
 oh my gosh , you have to give me the number . '' 
 katherine felt a chill run down her spine . 
 there were n't many men she knew who could inspire that kind of reaction in women . 
 the drop to your knees , strip nak * d , and roll over look that had come into her neighbor 's eyes . 
 she had a really bad feeling ... she slowly turned , her eyes rising up the custom fitted slacks and button up shirt , open at the neck , showing a glimpse of his smooth chest . 
 as she finally met his eyes , her heart pounded and rage took over her temporary shock . 
 george . 
 how dare he show up . 
 he saddled over to her and leaned in for a hug . 
 without conscious thought , she raised her arm and slugged him square in the jaw . 
 his smile faltered as he looked at her with astonishment . 
 it took about three seconds before katherine felt a searing pain shoot from her knuckles all the way up her arm . 
 his jaw felt solid as granite . 
 tears welled up in her eyes as she gripped her hand and jumped back . 
 george 's eyes immediately looked down , concern radiating from their deep blue depths . 
 `` katherine , you should be more careful , '' he uttered as he reached toward her . 
 `` do n't you dare touch me , '' she snarled . 
 he seemed amused because the corners of his lips turned up . 
 it seemed she was n't as intimidating as she wanted to be . 
 `` hi , '' penny said as she gained back the ability to speak . 
 she crept up right next to george , her barely clad br ** sts rubbing against his arm as she introduced herself . 
 `` i 'm penny . '' 
 katherine looked on in shock as the woman actually batted her eyelids . 
 she should n't be shocked . 
 when she 'd dated joseph , and thought george was her friend , she 'd seen countless women throw themselves at the two men . 
 george had always shamelessly flirted back , but she 'd been so impressed when joseph had seemed to not even notice them . 
 she guessed it had all been an act for her benefit , though . 
 without even acknowledging penny , george took katherine 's arm and pushed his way inside her apartment . 
 he shut the door in the face of her stunned neighbor . 
 it was almost comical enough to make katherine laugh . 
 almost . 
 `` i 've missed you , katherine . 
 i think it 's long past the time for me to explain my actions , '' george said as he led her to the couch . 
 he walked away , making her wonder what he was doing . 
 she heard some noise from her kitchen , then he was back with ice wrapped in a towel . 
 `` put this on your hand and it will feel better soon . 
 it does n't look broken , you most likely just bruised it . '' 
 he acted as if her punch had done nothing to him , which was n't fair , considering that her hand was throbbing . 
 `` what are you doing here , george . 
 i think you 've done enough damage already . '' 
 `` i 've missed you , my friend . 
 there are a lot of misunderstandings from our time five years ago , but if you give me a half-hour , i can explain ... '' `` there 's nothing to explain . 
 you and your brother like to play games with innocent girls . 
 no problem , i get it . 
 i was just stupid enough to think you were my friend , and even more stupid to believe joseph loved me . 
 good job , '' she said with sarcasm . 
 katherine was barely hanging on to her anger . 
 if she let it go , she 'd internally combust and be nothing but a pile of ash . 
 the temporary band-aid placed over her emotional wounds had been quickly ripped off , leaving her hurts fully exposed to the elements around her . 
 seeing joseph , and then george , was almost unbearable . 
 it was like looking at that coveted toy in a store window , only a thin piece of glass separating her from it , but having it be just out of reach . 
 she knew the men were out of her reach . 
 she could n't ever trust george to be her friend again , and certainly could n't trust joseph with her heart anymore . 
 he 'd abused it too badly . 
 `` katherine , i 'm here to beg for forgiveness . '' 
 `` really ? 
 do you and joseph have another bet . 
 which of you will i forgive first ? 
 the lover or the friend ? '' 
 george leaned close to her , and took her uninjured hand in his . 
 when she tugged , he refused to release it . 
 reluctantly , she finally looked up and met his pain filled eyes . 
 `` i was a fool . 
 you truly were my friend , really my best friend . 
 i was arrogant and immature , and now joseph and i barely speak . 
 everything 's changed , '' he said , his voice filled with so much emotion , she could n't pull away from him . 
 was he actually speaking the truth ? 
 katherine was silent as her gaze raked over him . 
 even though , he and joseph were twin brothers , they were n't identical . 
 both men were superbly good-looking , but she 'd never once felt desire toward george . 
 she 'd felt love , the kind of love one would feel toward a sibling . 
 he 'd become her best friend , and the betrayal of the two men had wounded her to her very center . 
 she 'd not only lost the love of her life , but also the best friend she 'd needed so badly to help her make it through . 
 usually when you went through heartbreak , you at least had your friend to turn to . 
 in her case she 'd been doubly devastated because she 'd lost both in one day . 
 `` i do n't deserve it , and if i was a better man , i 'd stay out of your life , but i ca n't . 
 i 've missed you and i need you to know what happened , '' he said . 
 she hated to admit it , even to herself , but she 'd missed him , too . 
 missed him so much it hurt to sit there with him in her tiny apartment and try to hold onto her resentment . 
 her fragile emotions were about to splinter into a million pieces . 
 she had to let him say what he needed to so he 'd leave and she could have a breakdown . 
 `` fine , george , go ahead and speak , but i 'm telling you now that if i detect even the tiniest piece of deception in your story , i 'm going to find something a lot stronger than my fist to hit you over the head with , '' katherine warned . 
 george laughed , his eyes crinkling at the corners . 
 she had to remind herself how he 'd deceived her , because it would be too easy to fall back into her old routine with him . 
 he 'd always brought laughter and joy to the forefront , wherever they happened to be . 
 `` i deserve your anger , katherine . 
 it took me a while , but i finally figured out that you somehow found out about the bet , '' he stated , cringing as he said the last word . 
 katherine glared at him , not even bothering to respond to his statement . 
 of course she knew about the bet . 
 it had nearly destroyed her . 
 `` i 'd like to explain ... '' katherine held up her hand , stopping him mid-sentence . 
 it felt like she was back at that day , finding out all over again how little they thought of her . 
 she did n't think she could listen to him , resurrecting those old feelings of hurt and betrayal . 
 her chest hurt as she looked at him , anger and humiliation seeping from every pore . 
 `` do n't try and tell me you did n't have a bet . 
 do n't even try and insult my intelligence like that , george . '' 
 `` sadly , i ca n't deny that . 
 but , please listen . 
 you promised to give me a few minutes . 
 let me explain what happened , though it will never excuse what i did , '' he pled . 
 katherine sat back , her arms folded across her chest . 
 she was on the verge of tears , only her shear will was keeping her from releasing them . 
 it hurt so much worse to silently listen as he explained how little he 'd thought of her . 
 he needed to relieve his conscious , though , even if it meant tearing her apart . 
 `` i was resentful of joseph . 
 there were a few years that i actually hated him . 
 he made everything look so easy . 
 he just seemed to have the midas touch . 
 if he decided he wanted to do something , then it was almost done before he even finished the thought . 
 he was better at sports , academics , and women . 
 every single thing he set out to conquer , he conquered . '' 
 `` what does any of that have to do with this ? '' 
 she interrupted . 
 `` i 'm getting there . 
 but to fully understand , you need to know the history . 
 when we were young , i adored joseph . 
 he grew faster than me , and instead of looking at him like a twin , it was almost as if he was an older sibling . 
 even at a young age , joseph was taking the world by storm . 
 i was content to follow behind in his shadow . 
 at least for a while , '' george said as he sat back . 
 katherine was n't sure if he even realized she was in the room anymore . 
 `` all siblings ' fight , that 's nothing new . '' 
 `` yes , all siblings fight , but then they make up . 
 i remember the moment i stopped idolizing joseph and started to resent him . 
 we were in the seventh grade . 
 a new girl moved into our school , and i fell hard for her . 
 yes , i know , i was only a kid , but to me it was true love . 
 she was shy , and sweet , and so pretty . 
 a valentine 's dance was coming up and it took me a week to work up the courage , but i finally decided to ask her to be my date . 
 i picked her out a nice necklace , and decided to wait until after school . 
 i 'd told joseph i had a crush on her , but i had n't gone into many details . 
 at lunch that day , he asked her to the dance , and she said , yes . 
 i was devastated . 
 looking back , i had barely said anything about her to joseph , so he did n't really know , but to me he 'd just stolen the only thing i 'd asked to keep for myself . '' 
 some of the tension left katherine 's body as george talked . 
 she could hear the confusion and hurt from so many years ago , and she found herself wanting to comfort him . 
 she had to make herself keep her defenses up , but it was becoming increasingly more difficult . 
 `` he took her to the dance , and they decided they wanted to be friends and nothing more , but she was tainted to me after that . 
 i did n't see her the same way . 
 she tried to talk to me the following monday during lunch as we 'd been doing for months , and i snubbed her . 
 i do n't think she ever realized why i suddenly stopped being her friend . 
 she ended up moving two years later and i never did explain it to her . '' 
 kinsey felt bad for the shy teenager . 
 she 'd been the exact same way , too afraid of rejection to put herself out there . 
 it was silly when she thought about it , but one thing she had n't figured out how to do was go back in time and slap herself upside the head . 
 after that , i pulled away from joseph . 
 he was so popular and always busy so he did n't notice until the bond was severed beyond repair . 
 in high school he asked me if we had a problem , and i acted like there was n't one . 
 i told him i was busy with school and different activities . 
 he believed me , but he started pulling from me as well . 
 we continued drifting apart . 
 to this day , we hardly ever talk . 
 i miss my brother . 
 he was my best friend and i let jealousy tear us in two . '' 
 george choked as he spoke the last sentence . 
 katherine could n't hold the tears off any longer , and one fell from her eye , slowly sliding down her cheek . 
 he looked at her and gave her a semblance of a smile before carefully lifting his hand and wiping the lone tear with the soft pad of his thumb . 
 `` i did n't mean to upset you , or wallow in self-pity . 
 it 's just that sometimes it really gets to me , '' he apologized . 
 `` i also cry during those sappy coffee commercials so do n't be too hard on yourself , '' katherine told him with a depreciating laugh . 
 `` the years continued slipping away from us , one right after the other and all of a sudden we were adults and still had this strange distance between us , but added to that was a new competition . 
 i was determined to beat him at anything . 
 i wanted to watch him fall on his face , to see the all perfect joseph anderson fail . 
 we saw you at the dance , and i overheard some of the girls talking about you , calling you the ice queen . '' 
 at least he had the decency to cringe as he said it . 
 katherine still felt hurt about those days . 
 her shyness was taken as condescending . 
 her choosiness in men as snobbery . 
 she had n't wanted to make the mistakes she 'd watched her mother make . 
 `` before i thought about your feelings , i goaded joseph . 
 i bet him there was at least one girl at the dance he would n't be able to make fall all over him . 
 since he 'd never had that happen , he felt pretty sure in accepting the challenge . 
 he had n't heard the girls talking . 
 i pointed you out , and his eyes widened when he took you in for the first time . 
 i think he was instantly smitten . 
 as he approached you and asked for a dance , i had a smirk on my face , expecting you to snub him and walk away . 
 when you accepted with a pure , sweet smile , i realized my mistake . 
 no girl can fake that innocence . 
 i instantly regretted the bet , knowing it was all going to go south . 
 when you danced straight through the next three songs , and i saw the way you looked at him , i felt like the lowest of the low . '' 
 katherine did n't even realize her cheeks were wet from her tears . 
 as he talked about that night five years ago , it was as if she was living it all over again . 
 she remembered it like yesterday , how she felt when the most eligible bachelor in the room had walked up and asked her to dance . 
 how his laughter had brightened her world . 
 by the end of the night she was half-way in love with him , by the end of the month , she was over the moon in love . 
 `` when the two of you became a couple and you were at our home all the time , i got to know you , see why joseph was spending every moment with you . 
 i truly did love you as a friend . 
 the bet was long forgotten , and you were starting to bridge that gap between my brother and me . 
 your insistence we do things together , your pureness , everything about you drew me in . '' 
 george paused long enough that katherine asked her own question . 
 `` why did n't you tell me about the bet ? '' 
 `` i was afraid you would hate me . 
 how did you find out about it , anyway ? 
 i never brought it up again . '' 
 katherine thought about making him suffer , letting his life-changing bet haunt him the rest of his life as it did her , but then she was n't that kind of person . 
 `` you did bring it up , at least one more time . 
 i overheard you and joseph talking one day . 
 after that , well , you know the rest ... '' george 's eyes rounded as he thought back and remembered . 
 `` i 'm sorry , katherine , more than i could ever express . 
 i know it does n't take anything back , but i truly am sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i guess it does n't matter anymore , george . 
 it was years ago and i 've moved on with my life . 
 you may have regretted the bet , but a bet 's all i was to joseph - a foolish prize to be won . '' 
 `` no , katherine . 
 i never before , and have never since , seen him look at someone the way he gazed at you that night and the months that followed , '' george insisted . 
 she wanted to believe his words , but how could she trust him . 
 she was scared to open that door again . 
 afraid to be hurt any more than she already had been . 
 `` why did it take you so many years to talk to me ? '' 
 her question was n't asked in anger or even resentment . 
 she was perplexed as she began to believe his words . 
 `` i was a fool . 
 i was so embarrassed about my behavior , i figured you were better off without me . '' 
 `` then why come back now ? 
 why not just continue staying away ? '' 
 `` i moved to chicago , fled was more like it . 
 i was trying to outrun my demons . 
 after a couple years , i realized they were within me and no matter where i went , they 'd continue to be my constant shadow . 
 then , last year , i got married to a wonderful woman , who 's brought joy back into my life , and loves me enough to want all of me - not the shell of a man i 'd become . 
 she 's been helping me heal . 
 i came home to make amends . 
 i need to try to clear past wrongs and i needed to tell you the truth . '' 
 katherine looked at him , saw the truth in his eyes , and she knew she had her friend back . 
 `` i 've missed you , george . '' 
 she let it go . 
 continuing to hold a grudge against him for making a stupid bet before he knew who she was made her no better than the fool he was when he made it . 
 his true colors had shown when he 'd befriended her , spent hours talking to her and brought excitement into her life . 
 he 'd never been anything but respectful to her . 
 she 'd missed him . 
 `` i do n't deserve your forgiveness , nor your friendship , but i 'm not going to refuse it . 
 i 've missed you , too , katherine , '' he said as he moved over and engulfed her in a bear hug . 
 she returned the hug , glad to have one wrong in her life fixed . 
 `` katherine , you always have been too forgiving , '' george admonished , bringing katherine back to the present , reality hitting her hard . 
 she looked at the bed where her husband was lying so still . 
 he looked as if he was doing nothing more than taking a nap . 
 if it was n't for all the monitors hooked up to him , she may be able to actually believe that 's all it was . 
 `` hi , george , i did n't hear you come in , '' katherine said with a fond smile . 
 `` i had to sneak so i could listen in . 
 i think you 're making me out too well , actually . 
 i was so horrible back then , '' he said with remembered pain in his eyes . 
 `` i forgave you from that moment , george anderson , and i 've never regretted it . 
 you 're a great man and you have n't deserved the moments of unhappiness in your life . 
 i 'm so glad you and joseph finally came around , '' she told him . 
 `` we probably never would 've if it had n't been for you . '' 
 `` why , what happened ? '' 
 cassie questioned , sitting on the edge of her seat . 
 `` please tell me you 're not stopping again . 
 you always leave us hanging . '' 
 `` sorry , sweetie , but i 've had enough remembering for one night . 
 we 'll continue the story soon , '' katherine promised . 
 it was both joyous and painful to remember the past . 
 even though it had been many years ago , it seemed like only yesterday to her . 
 she 'd fought so hard to keep her heart safe from joseph , when all along he only wanted to cherish her . 
 `` we understand , aunt katherine , '' cassie replied , and the others in the room agreed as they rose from their chairs , each stopping and kissing katherine on the cheek before they exited . 
 `` goodnight , '' katherine told them , then walked out on george 's arm . 
 he was still a great friend , and support system in her life . 
 chapter eleven `` i caught the two of them kissing behind the garage last night . 
 i almost stumbled right into them . 
 thank goodness i looked up at the last minute . 
 i quickly ducked behind the wall . 
 then i was stuck there for about fifteen minutes while the two of them giggled in between kisses . 
 they were acting like teenagers who 'd gotten away with sneaking out of the house , '' lucas said with a smile . 
 the entire family had gathered to discuss the secret romance between george and esther . 
 the two of them would n't admit they were a couple for some reason , and none of the family understood why . 
 `` why do you think they wo n't tell us they 're dating ? 
 it seems pretty serious , '' trenton asked . 
 `` i 'd say it 's serious . 
 last night when i left the hospital , i found the two of them smooching in the stairwell . 
 i had to quietly go back upstairs and then go down the elevator , so they would n't know i was there , '' austin said . 
 `` when 's the first incident any of you can recall ? 
 let 's try and figure out how long they 've been together , '' max suggested . 
 `` the first time i got suspicious was about six months ago at jasmine 's birthday party . 
 they were giving each other flirtatious looks all night , and then went into the house to bring out some extra chips , and did n't return for thirty minutes . 
 it does n't take that long to open a bag of doritos , '' amy said . 
 `` can anyone remember anything earlier than that ? '' 
 `` ooh , yes , i do , '' emily eagerly replied . 
 `` it was last year at mom and dad 's anniversary party . 
 george leaned down and said something to esther that had her turning scarlet . 
 i thought it was kind of cute , so i watched as george gave her a wink then left the room . 
 about two minutes later , esther glanced around , so i looked away , and then when i looked up again , she was going through the same door . 
 neither of them came back until it was time for dinner . 
 i think it was about an hour . 
 a lot can happen in an hour . '' 
 `` that 's definitely suspicious , '' cassie said with an animated smile . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 max asked . 
 the room full of siblings and cousins looked at each other while everyone shook their heads . 
 `` okay , so it looks like they 've been dating for at least a year , probably longer if they were already sneaking out of the room for over an hour at a time , '' alex said . 
 `` then the big mystery to solve is why they 're keeping it a secret from us , '' jennifer said . 
 everyone was silent for a few moments . 
 `` you do n't think he believes we 'd be upset because of mom , do you ? '' 
 bree asked . 
 they looked at one another perplexed . 
 `` no , i honestly do n't think that would be it . 
 he knows we all adore esther . 
 i think he 's scared , '' mark said , quite enjoying his thought . 
 `` you mean to tell me after all the grief both him and uncle joseph have given us , he 's afraid to take a walk down the aisle , '' trenton said in disbelief . 
 `` sounds like mark might be on to something , '' max agreed . 
 `` well then , what are we going to do to get them to come out in the open ? '' 
 austin asked with evil delight . 
 `` i think we start beating them at their own game . 
 instead of hiding when we run into them , let 's not give them a single moment of peace . 
 then we 'll see how much longer they 're able to keep things a secret , '' alex said . 
 `` i love that . 
 i 'd hate to never get to be alone with chad , '' bree said while clapping her hands . 
 chad leaned over , giving her a kiss , and she snuggled into his arms . 
 `` come on , you two . 
 we 're trying to work here , '' austin grumbled . 
 he was the only one in the room without someone in his arms . 
 kinsey was working at the hospital and he was already missing her . 
 he would 've been there at that moment if his family had n't called an emergency meeting . 
 after another hour of planning , they had it worked out . 
 if they did n't have george and esther come out in the open within a week , two at most , they 'd come up with plan b . 
 they did n't see that happening , though , because what they had planned for the couple was going to drive them batty . 
 day one `` i 'm so glad i caught you , esther . 
 i need your help , '' amy said as she walked into the family den and spotted george and esther on the couch . 
 she had to hide her smile when she saw the two of them quickly jump apart . 
 `` what do you need , dear ? '' 
 esther asked , her voice sounding a bit breathless . 
 `` i 'm filling in for lucas 's assistant this week and it 's been so long since i 've worked there , i 'm simply lost . 
 would you please come into the office and give me a hand ? 
 you know how my husband is when the paperwork starts stacking up , '' amy asked , very proud of how sincere her voice sounded . 
 in reality , she was excited to spend the week in the office . 
 plus , she could do the work with her eyes closed . 
 she always filled in when lucas needed her . 
 after all , that 's how the two of them met . 
 she almost blushed thinking about last month . 
 she 'd filled in for the day , and lucas had in turn , filled her . 
 she clenched her thighs remembering him clearing the desk and taking her for hours . 
 neither of them got much work done . 
 sometimes with the children and family schedules , they did n't get to make love as often as they had in the beginning . 
 her day at the office had made her feel desired again . 
 she was hoping for a repeat performance that week , but monday was her day to run interference between george and esther . 
 that was okay , though - she always had tuesday . 
 `` now amy , esther 's retired . 
 she may not feel like going in , '' george grumbled . 
 amy made herself widen her eyes like she was just about to break down if that were the case . 
 she turned her pathetic look on esther , who looked at her like a deer caught in headlights . 
 `` nonsense , george . 
 of course , i 'd love to spend the day with amy at the office . 
 it will be like old times , '' esther said . 
 she sounded both happy and disappointed at the same time . 
 amy wondered what the two of them had planned that day . 
 `` i can give you a ride there and pick you back up if you want . 
 that way you only have to work a half day , '' george offered hopefully . 
 `` oh no , uncle george . 
 there 's a huge file lucas was talking about . 
 i guess it 's a really old account , but one that esther knew well . 
 i ca n't exactly remember , something about mercer wents , '' she said , acting clueless . 
 `` do you mean mentor west ? '' 
 esther asked . 
 `` yes , that 's it , '' amy said . 
 esther sighed , her shoulders sagging a bit before she straightened them . 
 `` yes , no need for a ride , george , but thank you for the kind offer . 
 mentor west is a very old client , and they 're quite picky . 
 they insist on having multiple copies of the contracts sent throughout the day . 
 they take an actual red pen and cross words off , then fax it back and make you redo it . 
 the worst day i had with them was when they sent it back thirty-two times . 
 i was at the office until midnight that day , '' she said with a sigh . 
 if esther knew that it was lucas on the other end of that fax line this time , she 'd take his head off . 
 amy turned and coughed to hide her laugh . 
 `` why do n't you go ahead and see if bree wants to have lunch at that new little italian diner by the water ? '' 
 esther asked george . 
 `` oh , it 's too late for them to get a reservation . 
 even with connections , it takes at least a month to get in . 
 i heard the food is so fantastic it practically melts on your tongue . 
 the service is supposed to be five-star plus , '' amy said . 
 `` i actually got reservations a while back that i was telling esther about . 
 i was going to ... um ... figure out who i was taking , and esther was giving me ideas , '' george said . 
 `` oh , bree will love that . 
 great idea , uncle george . 
 come on , esther . 
 we do n't want to be late , '' amy said , sticking out her arm . 
 amy could see esther was struggling with how to get two seconds alone with george . 
 when she finally figured out amy was n't leaving without her , she stood up , nodded at george and followed amy from the room . 
 as they walked down the hall , amy almost felt guilty about making her miss a very romantic lunch . 
 she had to remember all the kids were more than a little suspicious their father 's had done plenty of their own meddling in their lives . 
 payback was justified . 
 `` you and george have become such good friends . 
 i 'm glad he has you to lean on , '' amy said as they entered the car . 
 `` yes . 
 he 's a good man . 
 i 'm glad i 'm friends with all of your family , dear , '' esther said , not giving even an inch . 
 amy smiled to herself . 
 they 'd break them , one way or the other . 
 if for some reason they could n't , well , they 'd have a heck of a fun time trying . 
 day two `` i have plans for a picnic today . 
 i missed you yesterday . 
 you were at the office all night , '' george grumbled . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i knew the second she said it was that account , it would take forever , '' esther said , leaning in for a gentle kiss . 
 `` i understand , but now we have the entire day to ourselves . 
 i want to stop by and see joseph and check up on katherine first , '' he told her . 
 `` dad , glad i caught you , '' trenton said as he stepped into the room . 
 `` hi , esther , nice to see you . '' 
 `` hello , trenton . 
 good to see you , too , '' esther politely replied . 
 `` what do you need , son . 
 i was just getting ready to give esther a ride to the hospital . 
 she wants to visit with katherine , '' george said as he took a step back from esther . 
 trenton smiled . 
 he knew his dad was n't going to be happy in a few moments . 
 `` there 's a problem with our division in dallas . 
 normally , i would n't ask , but i need you to come with me . 
 we 'll be gone for two nights , so pack a bag . '' 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm sure you 're more than capable of handling it , '' george said as he looked at esther with a bit of panic . 
 `` i know , but you know this division like the back of your hand . 
 i think you need to come . 
 i 'll visit with esther while you get ready , '' he said , not allowing his dad to say no . 
 `` well ... '' george hedged . 
 he 'd never told his kids no when they truly needed his help , so trenton knew he was going to cave . 
 `` do n't worry , george , i 'll give esther a ride to the hospital , '' jennifer said as she joined them in the room . 
 george and esther looked at each other like lost puppies , as esther gave him a , what can we do look . 
 `` thank you , jennifer , but if you 're too busy ... '' ether trailed off . 
 `` nonsense . 
 i was on my way there , anyway , '' jennifer insisted . 
 `` we can leave now , as a matter-of-fact . '' 
 jennifer walked over to trenton and gave him a deep kiss , and he put on a bit more of a show to make the other two even more envious they were n't coming out in the open . 
 as jennifer 's breath hitched , he forgot for a moment they were n't alone . 
 she took a wobbly step away while waiting for esther to gather her coat and purse and trenton 's heart raced as he sent a longing look to her . 
 `` have a safe trip , george , '' esther said as she slowly turned and followed jennifer from the room . 
 george watched her leave with a lost look in his eyes . 
 trenton smiled , thinking , at least he was n't the only one in the room suffering . 
 `` okay , dad , the jet 's ready so we better get going , '' he finally said . 
 `` i 'll be right down , '' george told him before he went to pack . 
 trenton picked up his phone and dialed lucas . 
 `` plans going great , lucas . 
 you should 've seen their faces . 
 they had plans today for a romantic picnic . 
 it 's only day two and i think we 're already breaking them , '' he said as he finally let some of his laughter free , knowing his father was n't in hearing distance . 
 `` good . 
 bree 's ready for her turn with dad when you guys get back . '' 
 `` see you in a couple days . '' 
 he hung up and waited for his father to come back downstairs . 
 he 'd called the manager in dallas already , and he had a slew of ` problems ' for george to fix . 
 he would n't even have time to sneak off and make a phone call . 
 day five `` i 'm sorry i have n't been in , katherine . 
 there was an emergency in dallas that trenton needed help with , '' george said as he bent down and gave his sister-in-law a kiss on the cheek . 
 `` are there any changes ? '' 
 `` no . 
 the doctors are concerned about some test results that came in last night , though . 
 they have n't told me anything , yet . 
 they wanted to verify a few things first , '' katherine replied with worry in her eyes . 
 `` i 'm sure it 's nothing . 
 you know joseph will come out of this . 
 he would n't dare leave you , '' he reassured her . 
 `` thanks for your patience , mrs. anderson . 
 we did get those results back , and it 's good news . 
 we were concerned about his kidney function , but everything looks good . 
 he 's still steady at the moment , and we 've actually seen an increase in his brain activity . 
 we often see this before a patient wakes , '' dr. kirby said as he stepped into the room . 
 `` that 's wonderful news , '' katherine said , her shoulders sagging in relief . 
 bree sat next to her , holding her hand , glad to be there for support . 
 `` can we take him home soon ? 
 if he 's stable , he can receive the same care at home as he 's receiving here , right ? '' 
 bree asked . 
 `` yes , that 's true . 
 let us run more tests and i 'll consult with the neuro surgeon who operated and see if we can release him for home care , '' dr. kirby replied . 
 `` thank you , '' katherine said before he left . 
 they sat for a while before esther walked in the room , her eyes slightly widening in pleasure at seeing george . 
 bree could see she wanted to make a beeline straight to him , but somehow managed to hold herself back . 
 after another hour passed , bree watched as the two of them gave each other a look . 
 it was a code of some sort , she was sure . 
 `` i better get going . 
 i 'll come visit tomorrow , katherine , '' esther said as she rose from her seat . 
 `` i can walk you out . 
 i 'm pretty exhausted after my trip . 
 i need to head home and get a hot shower and rest , '' george eagerly replied as he jumped from his seat , not looking the least bit tired . 
 `` actually , dad , i needed to talk to you , so i 'm glad you 're ready to leave . 
 did you get dropped off ? '' 
 bree asked . 
 george looked at her with surprise , and then at esther , who was looking at the floor , before meeting bree 's eyes . 
 `` yes , trenton dropped me off on his way home , '' he reluctantly said . 
 `` i figured i could catch a ride with esther since it 's on the way home . '' 
 `` oh , you do n't have to put esther out . 
 i 'll give you a ride . 
 chad 's out of town tonight and i want you to come over . 
 there 's been some stuff going on in our neighborhood that 's really frightening me . 
 you and i can visit and i 'll feel more secure having you there , '' bree said . 
 she saw the indecision in her father 's eyes as he looked at esther once again . 
 how could he possibly refuse his only daughter ? 
 she felt the tiniest bit guilty ... but not enough to stop . 
 the two of them could just admit they were a couple and the kids would stop messing with them . 
 `` do you have other plans , dad ? '' 
 here was the perfect opportunity for him to fess up and say , yes , i 'm taking esther on a romantic date . 
 his shoulders drooped seconds before he responded . 
 `` no , of course not . 
 i 'd love to come over , '' he said , his voice sounding anything but pleased . 
 `` great . 
 thanks , dad . 
 come on , esther . 
 you can walk out with us , '' bree said as she put her arm in esther 's and led her from the room . 
 bree made sure to stand in the middle of them , so they would n't even have a chance for a secret touch . 
 when they arrived at the cars and the three of them stood around awkwardly , george finally sighed , knowing he was n't going to get even a moment alone with esther . 
 he told her a polite goodbye , then climbed in with bree . 
 day ten `` that 's it . 
 we have n't had so much as five seconds alone in over a week . 
 i do n't know what 's gotten into the kids lately , but they seem to need either you or me every minute of the day , '' george said over the phone . 
 it was almost midnight and he was lying in his bed worn out because his nephew had insisted he help with the habitat house . 
 because joseph was in the hospital , they were a person short . 
 then they 'd all had a family dinner , and finally he 'd managed to make it home , only to find austin spending the night . 
 he could n't even get his evenings alone with esther . 
 he was done with hiding their relationship . 
 `` it has been unusual . 
 you do n't think they 're purposely trying to keep us apart , do you ? '' 
 she asked with horror in her voice . 
 `` they do n't even know we 're a couple . 
 why would they keep us apart ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ... it just seems odd , that 's all , '' she said , her voice calming . 
 `` why do n't you just agree to marry me ? 
 then we can leave on a month long honeymoon with no kids , no distractions , '' he pled . 
 `` george anderson , we ca n't leave while your brother 's in the hospital . 
 that would n't be right , '' she scolded . 
 `` i miss you , esther . 
 i love you , and you love me , so why do you still want to keep our relationship a secret ? '' 
 `` i guess you 're right ... '' she hedged . 
 george 's heartbeat picked up at her words . 
 he wanted nothing more than to tell his family what he thought of this amazing woman . 
 he respected her decision to keep their romance private , but he was tired of hiding and sneaking around . 
 he knew his family would be happy for the two of them . 
 sneaking around had been fun for a while , but now he could n't get a second alone with her . 
 `` esther lyon , i want to kiss you so badly right now , '' he said with frustration . 
 `` i know how you feel , george , '' she sighed . 
 `` i 'm going to sneak out of here early in the morning before anyone can stop me , '' he vowed . 
 `` that sounds good to me , '' she said with a laugh . 
 george reluctantly hung up the phone , then lay in bed with his hands behind his head as he looked at the ceiling . 
 he turned over and opened the drawer where the ring he 'd purchased for her months earlier was sitting . 
 he opened the box and looked at the exquisite diamond set in a beautiful platinum band . 
 his heart quickened as he pictured her wearing it . 
 he was a lucky man . 
 not only had he been married once to a beautiful , wonderful woman who 'd given him many years of joy and four perfect children , but he 'd managed to find real love twice . 
 esther was n't replacing his lost wife , she was adding a new chapter . 
 she was giving him hope . 
 he counted his blessings to have met such a wonderful woman and he hoped he 'd be able to give her as much joy as she already gave him . 
 george fell asleep with a smile on his face and the ring clutched in his hand . 
 day eleven `` dad , i 'm so glad you 're up . 
 i do n't know what 's wrong , but my stomach has been hurting all night . 
 i think i better have it checked , '' austin said as george crept by the living room . 
 he 'd been so close to the front door . 
 it was five in the morning . 
 he felt like screaming when he saw austin sitting in the chair . 
 `` you probably just ate something bad . 
 i think the best thing you can do is to try and sleep it off , '' george said as his eyes looked toward the front door . 
 austin had to look down to hide the smile . 
 he was supposed to be in pain . 
 it was a good thing his friend was on shift so he knew what was going on . 
 otherwise , he 'd end up with all kinds of tubes sticking out of him when they could n't find out what the problem was . 
 hell , his friend owed him a few paybacks and he just might end up with a few tubes anyway . 
 he had n't really thought that one through . 
 `` no , dad , i 've been trying all night . 
 you better take me in , '' austin said . 
 `` okay , '' george mumbled , looking ready to explode . 
 `` why are you up so early , anyway ? '' 
 `` i could n't sleep so was going for a walk , '' george answered . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry , '' austin replied as he slowly got up . 
 it was difficult for him to pretend he was hurting . 
 he was always going ninety-miles-an-hour , and he did n't take much time to slow down . 
 he figured he had plenty of time in his later years to sit back and smell the roses . 
 `` i 'll lock up , '' george told him as they stepped into the garage . 
 `` looks like a bit of food poisoning , austin . 
 take it easy , drink plenty of fluids , and make sure you have someone with you today , '' his friend , dr. whitman , said . 
 when george turned away , he sent a wink to austin . 
 `` thanks , spence . 
 i appreciate it . '' 
 `` i 'll call your sister and see if she can stay with you , '' george said while taking out his phone . 
 austin did n't try to protest . 
 he knew each of his siblings and cousins would have some pressing matters to attend to . 
 his dad would be stuck taking care of him all day long . 
 ten minutes later , george blew out his breath as he turned back to austin . 
 `` it looks like everyone is busy . 
 i 'll have to sit with you today , '' he grumbled . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dad . 
 did you have plans ? '' 
 they were all giving him ample opportunity to fess up . 
 `` no , '' he muttered . 
 `` i 'm going to stop and see katherine . 
 ring me when you get discharged . '' 
 he walked from the room and austin cracked up , his friend joining in with him . 
 `` you guys are putting him through the ringer , '' spence said . 
 `` yeah , we are . 
 we 're all a little suspicious they were sticking their noses in our lives not too long ago . 
 you know what they say , paybacks a. . . '' 
 `` whoa there , austin . 
 this is a kid friendly place , '' spence interrupted him with a laugh . 
 `` speaking of paybacks , did you have to find the biggest needle in this place ? '' 
 austin grumbled as he rubbed his sore arm . 
 `` i searched for that one special , just for you . 
 i have n't forgotten about the pills you slipped me in college . 
 kathy thought i was a freaking sex addict , suggesting i go to meetings . 
 i could n't leave the house for two days . '' 
 `` hey , i was just trying to help you out with your date . 
 i did n't stab you . '' 
 `` i guess you should n't mess with a doctor . 
 next time , i might knock you out for a few days and leave you lying in your own urine for hours on end in your hospital bed . '' 
 austin did n't doubt for a minute he 'd do just that . 
 they 'd gone through college together and the pranks had been never-ending . 
 he still thought slipping his roommate viagra had been worth the huge needle , today . 
 `` i better have one of these pretty nurses wheel me out . 
 i 'm feeling a bit too queasy to walk . 
 is kinsey on shift ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 is something going on there ? '' 
 spence asked , obviously curious . 
 `` she ca n't resist me , '' austin told him with a confident smile . 
 spence paged her , and when she entered the room , her look contradicted what austin had been telling his friend . 
 `` does n't look like she 's over the moon with you . 
 looks like she wants to use a needle twice as big on you as the one i did , '' spence whispered . 
 `` shut up and lock the door on your way out . 
 make sure no one comes near this room , '' austin growled . 
 spence left , laughing as he exited . 
 austin knew his friend would guard the door for him . 
 `` you had me paged ? 
 seriously ? 
 this is my job , austin . 
 i 'd appreciate it if you did n't get me fired , '' she said in a huff . 
 `` hey , i 'm injured here . 
 i have to be wheeled out , '' he said , his voice sounding weak . 
 her entire demeanor changed in a flash as she looked at him with concern . 
 she walked over and noticed the bandage on his arm . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` my stomach , '' he groaned . 
 heck , two for one with his fake food poisoning . 
 he 'd take all the nursing she could give him . 
 his conscious immediately ate at him for lying , though . 
 `` i 'm sorry , austin , '' she said , guilt in her eyes for snapping at him . 
 `` i 'm not really hurt , kinsey . 
 all of us are on a mission to drive my dad and esther crazy so they 'll finally admit they 're dating , '' he said as he jumped off the bed and moved toward her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she took a step back . 
 `` as a matter of fact , i 'm feeling pretty good now that you 're here in those sexy scrubs , '' he added as he reached her and quickly pulled her into his arms . 
 `` austin , this is n't the time or place , '' she warned . 
 `` this is the perfect time and place . 
 i see many possibilities . 
 i 've missed you the past week , '' he said before his mouth descended on hers and he kissed her . 
 she was only stiff for a second before her body melted into his . 
 austin felt his stress drain the second she was in his arms . 
 his dad could wait . 
 the entire hospital could wait . 
 he needed her . 
 `` i have to work , '' she breathlessly protested , though her arms lifted as she ran her fingers through his hair . 
 `` then i better not take too long . '' 
 he backed her up against the small hospital bed , then removed one hand long enough to pull the privacy curtain into place . 
 he 'd always wanted to make-love in a hospital room . 
 chalk one fantasy off his list . 
 he saw the moment her eyes darkened , desire overriding her fear . 
 austin pulled away long enough to slip her top and bottoms off , then he ripped his own clothes away . 
 he picked her up , cherishing the feel of her in his arms and the way her breath caressed his neck . 
 he gently laid her on the table , then stood for a moment , his breath taken away by her sheer beauty . 
 she was lying in nothing but two small pieces of lace , barely covering her most sacred assets . 
 he watched her stomach quiver as he touched her with nothing but his eyes . 
 `` you 're so beautiful , '' he reverently murmured as he took his hand and touched her face , then slid his palm down her throat , over the mounds of full br ** sts , across the flat plane of her trembling stomach , and then across her toned thighs . 
 she groaned when he caressed his way back up her legs , stopping at the juncture between her thighs . 
 he slowly pushed them open , then slipped his finger inside the bright pink lace panties , his own breath hitching when he felt how hot and wet she already was . 
 she was so responsive , it was taking great effort for him to go slow enough to pleasure her . 
 he ached with a driving hunger only she could fill . 
 `` oh , '' she moaned when he inserted his finger deeper , then rubbed his thumb in slow circles across her womanhood . 
 her h * ps lifted off the bed , begging him to continue . 
 he felt his own legs grow shaky as he stood before her nearly nak * d body . 
 `` i want you all the time , night and day . 
 i wake up with my body hard , sweat dripping off me because i need you so badly , '' he whispered as he bent down and ran his tongue from the hollow of her throat to the corner of her lip . 
 his arousal grew to the point of pain when a low groan rumbled out of her chest , and her core became even slicker as his finger gently pushed in and out . 
 he pulled out , then pushed two inside , causing her back to arch even more . 
 she gripped the table , her head turning as he continued to stroke her body with his hands and mouth . 
 her skin warmed beneath his hot breath as he pulled his fingers out , then straddled the table , and kissed her , his tongue exploring her mouth . 
 she reached her arms up and rubbed his back , causing sweat to bead on his skin . 
 it was taking all his concentration not to sink inside her , relieving the ache of his pulsing erection . 
 he moved his mouth down , determined to explore every curve of her body . 
 he lifted her back , quickly unhooking her delicate pink bra so he could take her luscious n ** ples into his mouth . 
 her strawberry fragrance was intoxicating , causing his stomach to clench as he ran his tongue over the perfect mounds of her br ** sts , lavishing equal attention to both . 
 his teeth scrapped the sensitive peaks , her back arching into him , her hands lifting to pull him tighter against her skin . 
 he sucked her deep into his mouth , drawing her very essence into him . 
 he wanted her full surrender , and he was getting it , as she clung to him , her body shaking with its need for release . 
 every groan she uttered sent fire to his groin , creating a volcanic size eruption building inside him . 
 he moved down her body , his mouth scraping along the satin skin of her stomach , dipping inside the delicate circle of her belly button . 
 every inch of her turned him on . 
 he moved off the table and slowly pulled the triangle of lace away from her core , his eyes taking in the luscious sight of her spread before him . 
 `` you 're mine , kinsey . 
 stop fighting me - us . 
 this is too good , '' he whispered before his mouth descended and he ran his tongue along the inside of her thighs . 
 `` yes , '' she cried , shifting on the small table . 
 austin spotted the stir-ups and quickly pulled them out , placing her feet in the holders . 
 she tried to say no , but he continued trailing his lips up her thighs , and all protests vanished . 
 when he reached the junction of her thighs and kissed her intimately , her back arched again . 
 he nearly lost control at her first taste , how sweet and moist she was , how ready , how turned on . 
 he slid his tongue along her heated folds , kissing her deeply . 
 then he drew her swollen womanhood into his mouth and sucked , making her scream out as her body shattered beneath his mouth . 
 he slowly caressed the area , drawing out her pleasure until she finally collapsed against the table , her legs still spread wide . 
 he lifted his head and gazed at the incredible sight of her . 
 her body was flushed , a slight sheen of sweat sparkled off her torso , her n ** ples red and swollen from his mouth . 
 she was spectacular . 
 he stood on shaking legs and pressed the head of his arousal against her quivering opening , then watched as he slowly sank inside her . 
 he could barely breathe at the sight of her body taking him fully inside her . 
 `` oh , austin , so good , '' she slurred , her breathing coming in gasps . 
 `` so , so good . '' 
 `` yes , baby , you 're so perfect , '' he groaned as he pulled all the way out just so he could see himself spreading and entering her again . 
 he started moving faster , still watching as he pumped inside her . 
 she was so ready , so eager to take him in . 
 the sheen of her desire coated his throbbing staff . 
 he moved quicker , gripping her butt in his hands and pulling her against him , pushing hard against her . 
 `` yes , more , '' she demanded . 
 he willingly obliged as he thrust his h * ps faster , her body cushioning him as he hit against her . 
 finally , he tore his gaze away , his eyes traveling up her body , taking in the soft motion of her br ** sts swaying as his body hit against hers . 
 then he reached her face , her head thrown back in pleasure , her eyes shut . 
 her mouth open , panting breaths and moans escaping each time he rocked into her , harder with each thrust . 
 `` i ca n't ... last ... much ... longer , '' he grunted between thrusts as he continued loving her . 
 `` take me ... hard , '' she cried , and he felt her body tensing , getting ready to erupt with him . 
 he leaned forward , changing the angle , making her eyes snap open in delight . 
 his body covered hers and his mouth captured her lips in a possessive kiss so intense , he nearly passed out . 
 she moved beneath him , her h * ps thrusting up to meet his every stroke , her br ** sts pressed against his chest , their torso 's sliding together . 
 all of it intensifying the sensations washing through him . 
 he pressed tightly into her body , rocking his hips , pushing up , caressing her swollen bud , while his chest teased her n ** ples . 
 `` please , '' she cried in a broken whisper , her body shaking beneath him as she edged toward the cliff of her pleasure . 
 `` yes , '' he cried as he pulled back , then sank to the limit inside her tight body . 
 she arched up , pressing herself into him as she exploded , her heat gripping him - pumping him repeatedly . 
 austin exploded in a wash of sensation , his body tensing as he pulsed inside her , the pleasure going on and on , draining him of everything he had . 
 he shook from the power of his release , exhausted and satisfied beyond anything he 'd ever felt . 
 when the shudders finally ceased , he collapsed against her , cradled in the safety of her thighs . 
 he turned his head and gently kissed her neck , sliding his tongue out to taste the sweet , salty flavor of her skin . 
 when their breathing was under control , kinsey started struggling beneath him , obviously being crushed by his dead weight . 
 `` that was worth getting an i.v. stuck in my arm , '' he said with a chuckle as he propped himself up on his arms and looked into her sleepy eyes . 
 `` i. . . 
 well ... um , thank you , '' she said , her cheeks flushing . 
 `` pleasure was all mine , '' he replied as he bent down and softly caressed her lips with his own . 
 his body , still enclosed in hers , jumped back to life at the slight touch of her mouth . 
 her eyes widened in surprise when she felt him growing inside her . 
 he grinned with confidence , loving how much she affected him . 
 `` as much as i 'd love to immediately begin round two , i do n't want you to get in trouble , '' he said with reluctance as he softly moved within her folds a few times . 
 he could n't resist . 
 it just felt so incredible being inside her warmth . 
 `` oh , '' she called as her eyes widened . 
 it was obvious she 'd forgotten where they were , let alone that she was on shift . 
 as he moved , her eyes began misting over , work once again forgotten . 
 austin pushed inside her one last time before he reluctantly pulled out , surprised at the feeling of loss with the separation . 
 she uttered a protest as he moved away . 
 `` i 'm picking you up friday night at seven . 
 we have a family dinner , and you 're my date . '' 
 he did n't ask . 
 he would n't give her the chance to run and hide again . 
 he decided the best way to pursue her was full-on , in her face . 
 `` i. . . 
 well , i do n't know , '' she said . 
 he gripped her face in his hands as he made her look at him . 
 he waited a couple heartbeats before speaking . 
 `` kinsey , i 'll be here at seven . 
 friday , '' he commanded . 
 `` okay , '' she finally whispered as she nodded . 
 he was enjoying the sated look on her face . 
 `` good , now let 's take a quick shower , '' he said , feeling lighter than he had since meeting her . 
 kinsey said nothing as he led her into the small bathroom and turned the spray on . 
 as he soaped up her body , he could n't help but take her one more time . 
 he was only human , after all . 
 his father ended up waiting another hour . 
 chapter twelve `` is there something you want to tell us , kinsey ? '' 
 kinsey looked around the nurses ' station with confusion . 
 several of the staff were standing around with huge grins on their faces , all directed at her . 
 `` uh , not that i can think of , '' she slowly answered . 
 `` really ? 
 are you sure about that ? '' 
 one of the women asked . 
 `` did i miss something ? 
 i know i have n't been getting enough sleep lately , but you 're all acting a bit stranger than normal , '' she said as she came around the counter to access the computer , her eyebrows furrowed . 
 she stopped dead in her tracks when she saw twelve vases lined up with a dozen roses in each one , all different colors , all beautiful . 
 she got a really bad feeling , especially since she 'd been finding single roses on her pillow for the past week . 
 there 'd been no notes , nothing , but she had no doubt they were from austin . 
 how could she continue to resist him when he acted so romantic ? 
 her heart picked up as she stared at the myriad of colors before her . 
 `` come on . 
 spill , '' one nurse demanded . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 kinsey hesitated , at a complete loss for words . 
 `` it looks like there may be a good reason you are n't getting enough sleep , '' another nurse commented , then giggled . 
 `` i 've just been working long shifts , '' kinsey defended . 
 `` that 's not all i 've heard . 
 we heard there was some late night activity in your on-call room , '' kathy said . 
 she 'd been hired the same time as kinsey , and the two had become close the past year . 
 `` what ? '' 
 kinsey gasped , feeling her cheeks heat up , hating that she was signing her guilty papers without saying anything . 
 `` yeah , michelle said she walked by and heard a moan , and that it certainly was n't pain filled , if you know what i mean . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know what you guys are talking about . 
 you know how rumors spread in the hospital , '' kinsey said , knowing she was wasting her breath . 
 she would 've been right there with them , teasing whoever had gotten lucky , if she were n't the one on the receiving end . 
 there was no privacy in the hospital . 
 she knew that - but when she was with austin , she forgot everything . 
 `` well , we might have been convinced that you were only having a really , really great dream , if not for the dozens of thank-you-for-the-best-sex-of-my-life-roses , '' kathy said with a laugh . 
 kinsey was torn between wanting to throttle austin and wanting to give him a reason to give her three times as many roses . 
 she 'd received flowers before , but not at her workplace , and never so many . 
 she should n't have made that comment in the store ... `` how do you know they 're even mine ? '' 
 kinsey said . 
 maybe , just maybe , there was n't a card attached . 
 `` sorry , it 's not a roomful , there 's always tomorrow . '' 
 `` the only thing more beautiful than your smile is your eyes . '' 
 `` your scent sets me on fire . '' 
 `` i ca n't stop thinking about you . '' 
 `` i dream of nothing but you . '' 
 `` i bought a rose for every moment of pleasure you gave me last night . '' 
 `` oh my gosh , that last one made my heart pound . 
 i swear , if you do n't want the guy , i 'll take him . 
 i can think of all kinds of ways to bring him pleasure , '' marsha , another nurse , said with a sigh . 
 `` you read my cards ? '' 
 kinsey asked in astonishment , no longer trying to deny the roses were for her . 
 she was horrified as she listened to her friends read the intimate cards in pathetically deep voices . 
 none of them were going to get any best actor awards . 
 `` duh ! 
 they were n't sealed . 
 we were just going to peak at one , but they kept getting better and better . 
 i really like the one about your luscious body , '' kathy said . 
 `` do n't you guys have work to do ? '' 
 kinsey snapped , feeling her face flame even more . 
 `` oh , honey , this is so much better than cathing the old guy in room three again . 
 you have to spill . 
 i swear , with all the excitement of having joseph anderson here and all those sinful boys of his roaming the halls , then your new and exciting love life , our hospital has become better than an episode of grey 's anatomy . 
 i 've forgotten all about dr. mcdreamy , '' marsha said with a sigh . 
 `` i do n't have a love life , obviously just a secret admirer , '' kinsey lied , for some reason not wanting to tell them anything about austin . 
 `` there 's not even the slightest chance we believe that , kinsey . 
 who 's the guy ? 
 if you do n't tell us , rumors will just spread . 
 please , please tell me it 's one of those dreamy anderson men . 
 i know most of them are married , a sad situation indeed , but at least one or two of them have to be single , '' betty said , joining the conversation . 
 she was a paramedic , unfortunately for kinsey , not on a call at the moment . 
 `` look , it 's really nothing , not even worth gossiping about . 
 i had a date with a guy , who i 'm not even telling you vultures about , and obviously he liked the night . 
 that 's all , '' kinsey said with what she hoped was a believable tone . 
 she knew many staff used on-call rooms for more than sleep , but she never had before austin . 
 working in the hospital could be an incredibly stressful job , and there was nothing like a few minutes of wild passion to calm the nerves . 
 her body heated even thinking about austin sinking inside her . 
 `` code blue , '' a nurse called as alarms started ringing . 
 all teasing immediately ceased as the staff rushed into action . 
 they may have a great time ribbing one another , but when a life was on the line , they were the first nurses the doctors called . 
 they were the best the hospital had . 
 by the time they got the patient stable , the roses were forgotten about as the hospital kept them busy . 
 kinsey knew she was only getting a short reprieve , but she 'd take it . 
 when she found the nurses ' station empty of any staff a few hours later , she quickly swooped in and gathered the cards austin had written her , then took off for a bathroom . 
 she hid in one of the stalls and read each one at least three times , her heart racing . 
 he was n't playing fair . 
 how could she resist him when he said such romantic things ? 
 what if he really did want more than just sex ? 
 was she willing to give a relationship with him a try ? 
 she went through the rest of her shift on autopilot , often checking on joseph , hoping he 'd come out of the coma . 
 she knew of patients that never did - that could n't be the case with joseph . 
 by the time her day was over , she still was n't any closer to knowing what she wanted . 
 a good night 's rest would help , she decided . 
 she was already starting to miss austin , and it had only been a day . 
 she was n't going to get anything worked out until she took her time thinking about the matter . 
 with a sigh , she turned off her mind , putting her problems on the back-burner as she made her way home , the smell of his roses invading her car , causing her heart to thump . 
 `` i brought chocolate , all different kinds , and sparkling cider , '' bree said as she entered the hospital room with an expectant smile on her face . 
 she bent down and kissed joseph 's forehead before giving katherine a hug and then getting comfortable on the couch . 
 `` what 's the occasion ? '' 
 katherine asked with a smile . 
 `` i 'm ready for the story to continue . 
 i ca n't believe you 've made us wait an entire week . 
 you have me on the edge of my seat . 
 seriously , i 've been dreaming about you and joseph . 
 it 's just so romantic . 
 i never really thought about you and uncle joseph meeting , '' bree answered . 
 `` i agree , mom . 
 i 've been going crazy having to wait . 
 you have to tell us more . 
 amy and jessica are right behind me , '' emily said as she came in with a bag full of her own goodies . 
 she quickly hugged katherine , then sat down next to bree . 
 it did n't take long for the rest of the family to file into the room . 
 even the guys were intrigued by the story . 
 katherine looked around the room at her family , so grateful to have them during this time without her husband . 
 she did n't know how she 'd go on if joseph never woke up , but she knew she 'd at least have the moral support she needed from her loved ones . 
 it would n't be enough - nothing would be , but it still brought comfort . 
 `` where 's kinsey ? 
 i thought she was working today , '' austin asked as he came inside . 
 `` she had to assist in another room , but should be back any minute , '' katherine answered . 
 she looked at her husband with a smile . 
 he would be thrilled to have his nephew on pins and needles for the pretty nurse . 
 `` morning , katherine , '' george said as he walked in with max . 
 he looked quite grumpy and katherine had to fight back a knowing smile . 
 she may be at the hospital most of the time , but she was still aware of what was going on around her . 
 she knew the kids were playing games with george and esther . 
 she actually agreed with them . 
 it was time those two stopped hiding and finally admitted how in love they were . 
 as she gazed at her sleeping husband , time took on a whole new meaning . 
 life was too short to let even a single day pass them by . 
 `` joseph was going through a lot in those early days . 
 he had an uncle who was a very bad man . 
 neilson was out to destroy the corporation joseph 's father built . 
 also at that time , there was a lot of misunderstanding between him and george , such trivial stuff , and so many years wasted , '' katherine said with a sad sigh . 
 `` i could n't agree with you more , katherine . 
 if i could take back that time ... '' george trailed off , his eyes brimming with his own memories . 
 `` it all worked out , george , so do n't you be hard on yourself . 
 i 'm just trying to let the kids know why some of the events happened the way they did . '' 
 `` i know , but it makes me feel like such a fool . '' 
 `` we were all fools then , george . 
 but luckily , we grew up . 
 i ca n't imagine how my life would have turned out ... '' she said , too choked up to continue . 
 `` if this is too hard ... '' cassie said . 
 `` no dear , it 's just that it makes me hurt to think of those years we missed out on . 
 but hopefully you can learn from us , learn about how precious time really is , and how the small things in life are n't worth getting upset over . 
 when you find your true love , you run to them . 
 do n't walk , do n't hide , you take them in your arms and never let them go . '' 
 she watched as austin 's eyes glanced toward the door , awaiting kinsey to walk through the opening . 
 she had a feeling another wedding was in the future . 
 as she looked at george , who was also looking out the door , she modified that . 
 it looked like there may be two weddings . 
 `` as i was saying , joseph was dealing with a lot of emotions . 
 let me tell you about how our beautiful home came to be ... '' joseph looked at the spectacular view from the small porch . 
 he 'd needed to get away from the city , so he 'd jumped on the road and drove until he came to the washington floating bridge . 
 he drove across , remembering his grandfather taking him to mercer island when he was young . 
 he 'd been fascinated by the fact that such a huge structure was held up by what he thought of as balloons . 
 arriving on the island , he felt his muscles relax , and his stress fade . 
 he was instantly in love with the area . 
 as he watched the sunset wash the puget sound in a myriad of colors , he knew he 'd found home . 
 he could see himself sitting in the very spot he was standing , fifty years from now . 
 he could also see katherine by his side . 
 she 'd refused his calls , ignored his requests to meet , and was making it darn near impossible for him to see her - but that was all going to stop , and very soon if he had his way . 
 `` the owners are eager to sell . 
 the husband moved last month and his wife wants to join him , but ca n't until the property is taken care of . '' 
 joseph turned , startled by the woman talking to him . 
 he 'd forgotten she was there . 
 he 'd spotted the for sale sign and called . 
 the agent excitedly agreed to meet him right away . 
 apparently , there had n't been a lot of interest in the location . 
 he did n't understand why . 
 it was perfect . 
 sitting on the sandy beach of mercer island , the land was engulfed in trees offering privacy . 
 the home was old and poorly built , but that did n't matter to him . 
 only the land did . 
 sitting on ten acres , it was a true find and he could n't believe someone had n't snatched it up . 
 he knew it would be his . 
 the calm , dark water was lapping against the shore , offering a soothing breeze , drifting through the grass , right to him . 
 the sunset sparkled on the water , creating a dreamlike picture . 
 higher up on the land , he could practically see the home he wanted to build . 
 a castle . 
 suited for his queen . 
 in his quest to forget her , he 'd tried unsuccessfully to outrun his life . 
 each business transaction added to his resume a sense of conquering the world . 
 but all of it had been empty , meaningless . 
 a hollow victory . 
 he would crawl to her if he thought it would do him any good , but he knew she 'd never respect a man on his knees . 
 no , he 'd win her , by any means necessary . 
 she 'd walked away and nearly destroyed him , but fate had given them another chance . 
 he would n't let her go again . 
 katherine . 
 it was always about her , from the moment he 'd laid eyes on her five years prior . 
 he was known throughout the world as being heartless . 
 it was rumored that he had ice flowing through his veins instead of blood . 
 he 'd heard it all and inwardly smiled . 
 let them fear him , because they also respected him . 
 he was never refused something he went after . 
 katherine being the one exception . 
 that was about to change , though . 
 `` i 'll take it , '' he said , causing the woman 's mouth to drop open . 
 `` well , that 's ... um , great , '' she said , quickly regaining her composure . 
 he was sure dollar signs were dancing in her head as she had n't yet listed the price of the property . 
 he did n't care , he 'd pay whatever they asked . 
 the woman was underdressed for the cool night air . 
 she was dressed to seduce . 
 seduce a buyer into purchasing a home by any means necessary . 
 from the short length of her skirt , to the cl ** vage on display in her tight blouse , all the way to her bright red , kiss-me lips . 
 he felt not even the tiniest stirring of lust . 
 no one stirred him but katherine . 
 not since he 'd met her . 
 `` i 've got the paperwork in my car . 
 why do n't we drive down to a local restaurant i know and fill this out while we have a bite to eat , '' she offered , her manicured fingernail running down his arm . 
 he was sure her dining choice was in the lobby of a hotel , where she hoped to seal the deal in a room afterward . 
 he fought to keep the disgusted look off his face . 
 she was n't anything unusual . 
 women threw themselves at him often , some more bold than others , but always the same old story . 
 he had money , power , and looks , it was almost expected from them - he was used to her kind of game . 
 he 'd played it years ago but he was grown up now . 
 `` no . 
 here 's my card . 
 fill out the paperwork tonight and fax it to this hotel . 
 i 'll sign and have it sent back to you . '' 
 `` i have n't even told you the price , '' she said , shock and hurt registering in her eyes . 
 she was trying to keep herself together , but he was n't making it easy for her . 
 he did n't care . 
 he 'd found what he wanted . 
 all the rest was a waste of his time . 
 he raised his brows , waiting for her to get on with it . 
 `` let me see , here , '' she stalled as she looked in her folder , her fingers trembling . 
 he blew out his breath . 
 he knew she had the price memorized . 
 it must be overpriced because she was hesitating to tell him . 
 she was afraid once she did , he 'd walk away . 
 she did n't know him . 
 finally , she stopped and listed a price . 
 he knew it was about twenty percent above market value . 
 he dealt in real-estate deals all across the world . 
 if he were buying the property for business , he 'd have the owner selling to him for half the price . 
 this was n't business , though . 
 it was pleasure . 
 pure pleasure , he hoped . 
 `` i 'll take it . 
 fax me the papers tonight . '' 
 with those words , joseph turned and walked away from the stunned realtor . 
 he 'd made his deal so there was no use in standing around any longer . 
 he moved through the overgrown path , circling the small house . 
 he gave the property a final look before walking to his car . 
 as he drove down the private road , he felt exhilaration rush through him , knowing he was going to occupy such a beautiful piece of ground . 
 he was surrounded by water , trees , and not far away , the cascades , featuring mt. rainier . 
 he was disappointed it was night and he could n't spot the majestic mountain . 
 the land was beautiful , and soon ... soon , he 'd bring his katherine home . 
 as he entered the freeway and the lights of seattle drew closer , his mind was consumed by thoughts of her . 
 he had to see her , be with her , have her appease his rising hunger . 
 he hated the power she held over him , but at least she was unaware of it . 
 if she ever got even a hint of how easily she could drop him to his knees , he was sure she 'd be dragging him around by the collar . 
 he laughed as he put his foot down on the accelerator . 
 he 'd find her , hopefully in her apartment , where he could finish what he 'd started several days prior . 
 for that matter , five years prior . 
 he looked forward to the fight in her , though . 
 he liked the game of wills they had going on . 
 he had enough women falling at his feet . 
 he needed the challenge katherine brought him . 
 she revitalized him , made him remember what intense wanting was like . 
 she told him no , he thought with a smile . 
 a word he did n't hear too often . 
 in fact - never . 
 she 'd run , he 'd pursue . 
 then , he 'd capture . 
 he would n't have it any other way . 
 joseph quickly arrived back in the city , then circled her block , looking at her apartment building , her lights turned off . 
 she was either out , or asleep . 
 he groaned , thinking of her lying on her bed . 
 he yearned to join her . 
 instead , he made his way to his hotel . 
 it may be safer for both of them if he called . 
 maybe she 'd even had time to think about them and would willingly invite him back to her place . 
 he handed his car to the valet , then impatiently waited for the elevator to stop at his penthouse suite . 
 as soon as he walked in the door , he threw his jacket aside and strode to the phone , dialing her number by memory . 
 his heart thundered as he waited for her answer . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 the sound of her sleep filled voice fueled his desire even more than it was already stoked . 
 he briefly closed his eyes to picture her , then snapped them back open when he realized it was n't helping his situation . 
 soon , he promised himself . 
 `` do you miss me , katherine ? '' 
 his voice was deep and soft , deliberately meant to seduce . 
 the phone was silent as he waited . 
 for a moment he wondered if she 'd hung up , but as he listened , he could hear the soft sigh of her quick breaths . 
 he knew she was having as hard a time being apart as he was . 
 she was just unwilling to admit defeat . 
 soon she 'd realize she was only punishing herself . 
 `` i drove by earlier . 
 i was going to stop , but decided twice in a row was ungentlemanly . 
 i 'd be more than willing to come back , though . 
 i have the perfect remedy to help you sleep . '' 
 `` are you kidding me , joseph ? 
 did you really just give me such an asinine line ? 
 i do n't see you in five years and you humiliate me to get in my apartment , then you call and try to use me like a cheap hooker , '' she snapped . 
 `` i 'd never use you , katherine , simply please you . '' 
 `` humph . '' 
 ah , she pleased him . 
 he chuckled , not even attempting to hide his joy in simply speaking to her , or should he say , sparring with her . 
 she had a quick wit that could slice a weaker man , and her strength had certainly grown in the last five years . 
 he 'd loved what a spitfire she was back then , but the woman she 'd become now was irresistible . 
 `` you were n't eager to get away the other night ... '' `` that is easily explained by temporary insanity . 
 i do n't know what i was thinking . 
 i 'm over you , joseph . 
 i have been for a long time . 
 i suggest you get over me , too . 
 i know you just do n't like to lose anything , but this is one battle you ca n't win . 
 now , go back to whatever hole you crawled out of and leave me be . '' 
 `` katherine , how quickly you forget that i never give up when i want something . 
 and right now , i 've decided what i want is you . 
 i want you next to me twenty-four-seven , at least until i 've sated the desire you left me with . 
 then , i may actually let you sleep . '' 
 `` you arrogant , egotistical , pig of a man . 
 i ca n't believe women throw themselves at you . 
 why ? 
 are they crazy ? 
 do they feel like they deserve punishment ? 
 get it through that thick skull of yours , into whatever tiny brain is in there , that i do n't want anything to do with you , '' she huffed , her breathing ragged with her rising temper . 
 he could n't help it , he started laughing , his stomach shaking with the force of his merriment . 
 he did n't think it possible , but he wanted her even more than before . 
 `` you are so good for me . 
 i know you 're trying to anger me , but all you 've done is make me more determined . 
 i love a challenge , katherine , and you 've become my number one priority . '' 
 he happily threw down the gauntlet and awaited her response . 
 `` your number one priority should be your family 's corporation and making sure it does n't fall apart . 
 i guess you have n't done any growing up if all you can think about is what 's below your belt and where you 're going to put it next . 
 i have a job to do , which i take very seriously , so i 'm done with this call . 
 i was fast asleep when you so rudely woke me up . '' 
 `` are n't you being counterproductive , katherine ? 
 if you love your job so much , should n't you be schmoozing me , trying to gain my trust , so i 'll swoop in and save the day ? 
 you and i both know i 'm what the corporation needs . 
 you just do n't want to say it out loud . 
 what would the other board members think if you chased me away ? '' 
 `` they 'd thank me for getting rid of a pesky fly . 
 you 're not that important in all of this , '' she bluffed . 
 he 'd always been able to tell when she was lying . 
 her voice hitched a bit at the end of the sentence . 
 it seemed not a lot had changed . 
 his call to her had amused him , but also left him nearly trembling with need . 
 he had to have her soon . 
 `` tsk , tsk , katherine . 
 we both know you 're lying . '' 
 there was silence on the other end of the line for nearly a minute and he wondered again if she 'd hung up on him , or possibly fallen asleep . 
 `` grow up , joseph . 
 this call is over , '' she finally said . 
 he expected the sound of a click , but all he heard was silence . 
 he waited another moment . 
 `` see , katherine , you do want me . 
 you want to hear the sound of my voice , to feel my hands caress your body . 
 you want me , even if you do n't want to . 
 you ca n't even hang up on me , being afraid of breaking the connection we have . 
 do n't worry . 
 i 'll take care of you , '' he huskily whispered . 
 after a sudden intake of breath that had his chest pounding , he heard the click of the phone as the call was disconnected . 
 he laid his own phone in its receiver , and then went to take a long shower . 
 he could n't wait for his next round with her . 
 joseph walked up to the front doors of the building his grandfather had built . 
 he had not only designed it , but actually used his own two hands to help create it . 
 joseph always felt a sense of pride when he looked at the custom design , the appealing flow of windows and walls . 
 his grandfather , benjamin , had wanted to make a statement . 
 he was entering the business world , and he wanted everyone to know he was a force to be reckoned with . 
 joseph 's neck stretched back as he looked high in the sky , where the top of the building towered above those around it . 
 he knew someday , it most likely would n't be the tallest building in seattle , but at that moment it was . 
 he walked through the front doors , his appearance stating to the world that he was confident , the one they could count on . 
 no one would know his gut was clenched with nerves . 
 this company meant something to him , it had history . 
 financially he 'd be fine without the corporation . 
 he 'd gone out and conquered the world on his own , amassed a large fortune , but his grandfather 's company was history . 
 it was family , everything he 'd been taught to respect and honor . 
 there was no way he could let his uncle get his hands on it . 
 he 'd rip it apart without a thought to the family , nor the thousands of people employed . 
 he 'd do what was good for him , and not care about anyone left in his wake . 
 joseph could n't let that happen , even if he had to sink every last million of his own funds into the corporation to save it . 
 there was a skeleton security crew working as he passed the front desk . 
 he passed by with just a nod , not in the mood for small talk . 
 he was headed to the top floor where a meeting was being held . 
 the board wanted to hear from all the players , all those who were up for taking benjamin 's place . 
 joseph had n't wanted to come back home , but now ... now , he 'd do whatever it took to ensure the position was his . 
 he could n't walk away . 
 without breaking his stride , he stepped into the elevator and rode to the top of the building . 
 he was mentally preparing for the barrage of questions awaiting him . 
 if he cared so much , why had he left for five years ? 
 he was so young , what could he offer that neilson could n't ? 
 he had his own corporation to run , how would he do both ? 
 those would just be a few of many . 
 he needed to show confidence . 
 he needed to keep his head in the game . 
 it would n't be easy considering katherine would be at that table , so close to him , but still untouchable . 
 she figured she was safe being surrounded by a crowd . 
 she figured wrong . 
 as he stepped off the elevator , he turned to the right . 
 the path to the conference room was well memorized as he 'd run the corridors as a child , his grandfather always happy to see him . 
 he 'd known from the time he could barely talk that he 'd follow in his grandfather 's footsteps . 
 the entire life had appealed to him . 
 the suits , meetings , travel . 
 all of it was fascinating . 
 it had been a no-brainer for him to intern with the corporation . 
 he 'd learned a lot at the hand of the most brilliant man he knew . 
 before he got too far , he heard something that made his step falter . 
 someone was with him . 
 his heart increased as his instincts told him it was n't someone he wanted to see . 
 he had two choices , either continue on as if he did n't know , or turn and face whoever was slinking around behind him . 
 a small smile formed on his lips . 
 he 'd never been one to run from a challenge . 
 joseph slowly turned , then the smile fell as he made eye contact with his uncle . 
 the man looked even worse than the last time he 'd seen him . 
 he 'd always been distant , not caring to know his brother 's family , but the look on his face at that moment was almost hard to describe . 
 it was void of emotion , only a gleam of hatred flashing in his eyes exposed his true feelings . 
 it was obvious he was n't happy joseph had come . 
 the man had figured his battle was only against milton and that he 'd have an easy victory . 
 joseph 's father was a great man , full of love and laughter . 
 a corporate shark he was n't . 
 he 'd decided years previously he did n't want to deal with the hustle and bustle of the city , so he 'd moved to the land his grandfather had founded , a beautiful ranch . 
 it was close enough he could stay active with his family , but far enough to do what he wanted . 
 under his watch , the ranch was successful . 
 he thrived in the environment . 
 benjamin had been proud of his son , not needing him to follow exactly in his footsteps , just wanting him to find his own place in the world . 
 milton had stepped up when his father had become ill , not wanting his father 's corporation to fall into the hands of his brother , who only wanted to destroy it , but joseph knew milton did n't want to work as the ceo . 
 he wanted to be with his horses . 
 that 's when his father called him , and joseph knew he could n't say no . 
 `` i hear you 're trying to win the vote by seduction , '' neilson snarled as he stepped closer . 
 though , joseph knew the man did n't care for him , he had no idea how much neilson actually despised him . 
 he was n't even trying to hide his disdain for his nephew . 
 joseph was left speechless for a moment . 
 `` you know that seducing one of the board members wo n't help you , right ? 
 even if she is making herself quite ... what 's the word ? 
 oh yes , accessible . 
 that just shows how desperate you really are . '' 
 joseph found his voice as anger consumed him . 
 the man had no right to speak of katherine in any manner , let alone turning it around and making her look like anything other than a lady . 
 how had his uncle even known he 'd seen her ? 
 he must have people spying for him . 
 that fit his character quite well , actually . 
 `` jealousy is an ugly color on you , neilson . 
 it 's obvious you know you 've already lost , so you 're grasping at any straw you can , '' joseph said , not allowing the rage to show in either his voice or face . 
 a burst of satisfaction rushed through him , seeing the rage on neilson 's face . 
 joseph knew how to deal with men like him . 
 he just could n't understand how someone so evil could be related to his late grandfather , or his father . 
 `` you may have one of the board members eating out of your hand , but i own the rest . 
 you wo n't ever get this corporation . 
 you wo n't be allowed the reigns . 
 i 've worked them for years . 
 you 've had minimal success , but you know nothing , '' neilson spat . 
 `` i 've been successful on my own , without the help from my family . 
 can you say as much for yourself ? 
 i know how to build a business , unlike you , who only knows how to tear one down , '' joseph countered . 
 a lethal fury radiated from neilson . 
 it was so potent , the air nearly ignited . 
 joseph had no doubt that if the man thought he could get away with it , he 'd kill him right there with zero remorse . 
 how long did it take a man to become that way ? 
 was he born with it in him or did he develop it through his life ? 
 joseph would never know , but he did know he would n't trust neilson anywhere near him . 
 his uncle would stab him in the back with a smile on his face and a skip in his step if given the opportunity . 
 `` i 've grown bored with this conversation , neilson . 
 we 'll let the board members decide the outcome of who 's more fit to run the corporation . 
 when it 's me , i 'll take pleasure in watching you slink back to wherever it is you hide in the dark these days , '' joseph said as he turned and resumed walking toward the meeting . 
 neilson grabbed his arm and spun him around , hatred so intense on his face , his eyes were burning with it . 
 he opened his mouth to speak and spit bubbled at the corners of his lips . 
 it seemed he did n't like not getting the last word . 
 `` you arrogant bastard . 
 do you have any idea who i am ? 
 i can destroy you in less than a heartbeat . 
 you 'd better watch yourself , joseph , watch very carefully . 
 no matter what you do or where you go , i 'll be one step ahead of you . 
 i 'm not going to rest until i 've crushed you beneath me ! '' 
 joseph looked at the boney hand tightly gripping his arm . 
 he wanted to punch the man , but somehow managed to hold onto his temper . 
 barely . 
 two years prior to that , he would 've hit neilson and then stepped on his head as he passed by . 
 neilson was begging for him to do it . 
 with an outer calm he was n't feeling , he gripped neilson 's fingers and pried them off his arm , barely holding back the temptation to snap them backward . 
 with his hand removed , joseph faced him , his face mere inches from his enemy 's . 
 `` be very careful , neilson . 
 i may be young , but i 've a world of experience . 
 your threats mean nothing to me . 
 i 'm not afraid of you , nor intimidated . 
 if you touch me again , though , i wo n't hold back my wrath . '' 
 joseph looked into the man 's eyes , not backing down . 
 when he saw a spark of fear behind the rage filled depths , he finally retreated . 
 neilson was a coward , all talk and zero follow-through . 
 he was done dealing with him . 
 he had a meeting to attend and he did n't want to be late . 
 this time when he walked away , he knew neilson was left standing in his shadow . 
 joseph reached the door to the conference room , took a breath , then stepped inside ... `` i 'm sorry to interrupt , mrs. anderson , but it 's time for your husband 's blood to be drawn , and then we need to give him a bath , '' a nurse said , stopping katherine in the middle of speaking . 
 `` no way . 
 you absolutely ca n't stop right there . 
 i swear i 'll have nightmares all night . 
 you have to tell us how the meeting goes . 
 what happened ? 
 did he get the ceo position right then , or did neilson get his hands on it ? 
 we obviously know he eventually gets it , because it 's still in the family 's hands now , but ... '' amy cried out . 
 `` we can move to another room . 
 or go to the house for a while , '' jessica suggested . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 emily blurted . 
 `` this is the corporation , right ? 
 this is n't one that he started on his own , is it ? 
 what happened ? 
 what was your reaction when he walked in the doors ? 
 how long did it take neilson to get there ? 
 how did the other board members not know what neilson truly was ? '' 
 katherine laughed at their panicked expressions . 
 telling her story gave her a reprieve from the constant worrying she felt . 
 she looked around the room , at the eager expressions on her family member 's faces , and took pride in knowing that her life had them so mesmerized . 
 she 'd always told joseph their romance was meant to be in storybooks . 
 it was her own fairytale . 
 `` i promise to continue soon . 
 i could really use a walk right now , though , to gather my thoughts . 
 george , would you accompany me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 there were several disappointed sighs but no one argued further . 
 she could see that george had been hoping to sneak off with esther , but she thought she 'd help the kids out a little . 
 plus , she could use a bit of peace with her friend . 
 `` of course , katherine , '' george said as she knew he would . 
 `` how about we meet up here tonight after supper ? '' 
 katherine asked . 
 they all answered in the affirmative . 
 she slowly got to her feet and left the room on the arm of her brother-in-law . 
 as she stepped outside , she took in a deep lungful of fresh air . 
 then followed as george led her down to the garden path . 
 chapter thirteen austin walked from his uncle 's room , intent on finding kinsey . 
 she 'd managed to stay away the entire time he was there . 
 for that matter , she 'd been avoiding him since they 'd made love last time . 
 he did n't understand it . 
 when she was in his arms , she was pliant , and obviously satisfied , so why the heck did she keep running every time he was away from her for five minutes ? 
 he was bound and determined to get answers . 
 he 'd proven by now that he was n't just after her for the short haul . 
 he wanted a relationship , not a one-night-stand . 
 he moved up and down the halls , searching for her , hoping when he found her , they 'd have privacy . 
 his aunt 's story was getting to him . 
 she was so filled with pain for the time she 'd missed out on when she and joseph had so many misunderstandings between them . 
 well , he was n't going to make the same mistake . 
 kinsey was going to talk to him , then hopefully , they could reconnect . 
 the thought instantly had his body stirring . 
 when he passed by her on-call room , he turned rock solid . 
 he shifted as he continued moving , quickly un-tucking his button up shirt and letting it hang down , hoping to hide the evidence of his desire . 
 he was acting like a hormone riddled teenager instead of an experienced man . 
 but that was what kinsey did to him . 
 she stirred him in ways he was beginning to not only expect , but anticipate . 
 kinsey ducked her head and splashed more cold water on her face . 
 it had been a very long day already and she was exhausted . 
 on top of it , she was coming down with a cold , and her day had taken a nosedive for the worse . 
 she 'd managed to avoid austin for days , but she knew that would come to an end soon . 
 he did n't tend to be the most patient even on the best of days , let alone after she refused to answer his calls . 
 she was confused , though , and did n't know what to think about their relationship . 
 she had no doubt that it was , in fact , a relationship . 
 she could no longer call it a one-night-stand . 
 not after the two exquisite times in various parts of the hospital , the massive amount of roses he 'd given her , and his messages . 
 oh , the messages . 
 he 'd been leaving her voicemails that made her want to melt . 
 how could she possibly gain perspective on what to do when he was n't giving her time to think ? 
 she 'd been in the same examining room they 'd made exquisite love in earlier that day , and her body had responded as if he were going to walk through the door at any minute . 
 she had to be in control , always . 
 that was how she managed to survive . 
 since being with him , she seemed to have lost all semblance of that carefully measured control she lived by . 
 was it really so bad giving up a little control in return for being with him ? 
 after cooling off her face , she dried it , reapplied her chapstick , then knew she had to get back out there . 
 her shift was almost over , then she had three days off . 
 she was grateful for the extra time she got , taking care of the anderson men , but she was still having a difficult time catching up on her needed rest . 
 it was nice to have a normal schedule again . 
 she came out of the bathroom and quickly went down the hall . 
 she just had to get through another fifteen minutes , and she was free . 
 she turned a corner and ran right into a solid wall of muscle . 
 she knew without looking up that it was austin 's arms around her . 
 she 'd been telling herself she did n't want to see him , she needed to escape , but the reality was that she 'd missed him , missed him so much that being in his arms was like coming home . 
 as she lifted her head , her eyes clashed with his . 
 he did n't give her time for words . 
 he did n't even allow her a second to catch her breath , his mouth just descended on hers , and as usual , the rest of the world faded into nonexistence . 
 austin felt relief the moment kinsey was in his arms . 
 her literally running smack dab into him had him in a much better mood . 
 he 'd missed her . 
 there was zero hesitation in taking her luscious lips with his own . 
 his day did n't really begin until he could taste her . 
 he leaned against the wall , not caring they were in the public hospital , not bothering to hide his passion for her . 
 he wanted her always and he did n't care if the world knew . 
 he was falling for her , fast . 
 he finally broke away and watched as her eyes slowly opened and gazed at him through passion filled clouds . 
 he needed to get her to the nearest on-call room . 
 `` fancy running into you here , '' he said with a fake southern drawl . 
 she looked at him in surprise , then , as he 'd hoped , her lips twitched and laughter spilled out . 
 `` i bet you say that to all the girls , '' she replied , batting her eyelashes . 
 `` not since meeting you , '' he answered , suddenly very serious . 
 she blinked at him . 
 he could see she was trying to figure out if he was telling her the truth . 
 she 'd eventually have to learn to trust him because he could n't let her go . 
 `` austin anderson , you 're breaking down every wall i 've ever managed to put up , '' she said , making his heart soar . 
 `` that 's the plan . 
 are n't you supposed to be off work soon ? '' 
 `` not for ten minutes , but i 'm all caught up . 
 there 's a janitor 's closet just around the corner , '' she said shyly . 
 it was the first time she 'd ever taken the initiative . 
 pleasure consumed him , his body responding in a flash . 
 he did n't need any more invitation than that . 
 he pushed away from the wall , grabbed her hand , and went racing into the room . 
 `` hey , kinsey , can you ... '' someone started to ask , but he flew by them , not giving her a chance to respond . 
 he knew it had only been a week , but it felt like years . 
 they 'd make love and then talk . 
 they really needed to talk . 
 for that matter , he had to take her on a real date . 
 this hospital stuff was fun , but if he wanted her to believe it was more than just sex to him , then he needed to prove that by romancing her . 
 he 'd have to ask his sister for ideas . 
 he 'd never dated a woman before with the intention of it lasting longer than a night or , at most , a week . 
 he got to the closet and threw open the door , pushing her inside as he quickly shut and locked them in . 
 any kind of interruption was n't an option . 
 he took two seconds surveying his surroundings , shelves lined with cleaning supplies , brooms , mops and dusters in the corner . 
 not an ideal room of seduction , but he did n't care - he did n't need anything other than her . 
 he backed her against the wall and lifted her arms . 
 he was hungry and he needed her nak * d and screaming his name . 
 he stripped her in a matter of seconds , then removed his own clothes in record time . 
 she was standing before him , panting as she lifted her arms to him in invitation . 
 he grabbed her around the waist and lifted her up , her eyes going wide at the savagery of his touch . 
 he could n't even think . 
 her hands lifted and gripped the bar behind her , arching her br ** sts toward him . 
 her legs were wrapped around his back , pulling her core tight against his body , where he could feel her wetness caressing his pulsing arousal . 
 his head descended as he took one pert nipple into his mouth and sucked on it , encouraged by her moans of pleasure . 
 he took the peak between his teeth and tugged as his tongue stroked the hard edge . 
 `` yes , more , '' she demanded . 
 his arousal jumped painfully at her need filled words . 
 he gripped her butt tight , as he thrust his h * ps into her , rubbing himself along the outside of her wet folds , their bodies made to fit together . 
 he lifted his head back up and took her lips , needing to taste her . 
 she greedily sucked his tongue into her mouth , then released it , before sucking it back in . 
 his knees nearly buckled at her erotic foreplay . 
 `` i ca n't wait , '' he growled as he shifted back so he could position himself at her entrance . 
 `` hard , i want you to take me hard , '' she cried as his considerable length pressed against her , torturing them both . 
 austin lost the last ounce of his control and surged forward , entering her in a rush of movement . 
 she cried out as her back pressed tightly into the wall , her br ** sts crushed against his chest . 
 he did n't slow down , just pulled back and thrust in again , quickly establishing an intensely satisfying rhythm for both of them . 
 her cries of pleasure pushed him on , faster , harder , longer . 
 suddenly , her body tensed and she cried out as his body slapped hers with a forceful motion . 
 he pulled back out and slammed back inside , making her yell again as she shook in pleasure . 
 her head descended to his shoulder and she clamped her teeth against his skin , her cries muted against his flesh . 
 the pain of her bite did n't even dampen the pleasure of her body holding him tight . 
 he paused , giving her time to catch her breath , though his body shook from holding back . 
 he needed completion - needed to spill his release deep inside her writhing body . 
 when her bite softened and her lips caressed his swollen skin , he started to move again . 
 she sighed as he started caressing her from the inside out , his swollen member stroking her pleasured flesh , his hands gripping her butt tight , pushing her from behind - moving her up and down his shaft . 
 `` yes , '' she purred , her lower back arching as he started to pick up speed . 
 he was trying to draw it out for her , wait for her to build back up , but he did n't know how much longer he could hold out . 
 his body was on fire , all the blood in him pooled in one engorged place . 
 her hands fell from the bar she 'd been holding and caressed his slick back , feeling like silk on his skin . 
 she scraped the edges of her nails across the surface , heightening his pleasure . 
 her every touch , singeing him in the most erotic way he could imagine . 
 `` look at me , '' he commanded , suddenly needing to see her eyes . 
 needing to see her pleasure for him as she cli ** xed . 
 her eyes slowly opened as if it took all her strength , the intense need in their depths sending him to a whole new realm of reality . 
 his temperature spiked another few degrees as she opened her mouth in shock and delight as he rocked against her . 
 `` so full , so incredible , '' she mumbled . 
 he was done for . 
 he gripped her tight as he picked up speed , faster than before , and repeatedly rocking against her , filling her over and over again as he felt his pleasure getting ready to explode . 
 his face was next to hers , their eyes locked together in desire , her deep depths darkening as her own body readied itself for a second explosion . 
 need - burning , blinding need - that 's what they did to each other . 
 her hand shot out making something clatter to the floor . 
 he did n't care . 
 then her leg stiffened as she reached even higher . 
 something else fell over . 
 there was probably a line of people outside the door , wondering what was going on . 
 let them keep wondering . 
 raw , untamed , explosive need consumed him . 
 he thrust forward and she exploded around him , gripping him so tight , he could barely push into her . 
 her head fell back against the wall , her arms going limp as she shook . 
 he watched in amazement as her eyes dilated , her mouth opened in wonder , and the moan from deep within her stomach became sweet music to his ears . 
 his gaze never left her face as he thrust into her several more times , her core pulsing around him as she quivered with her release . 
 his body erupted , making him groan as his release shot deep within her womb . 
 he shook as wave after wave of pleasure washed over him , pumping his release inside her . 
 he was shaking from the intense chills radiating throughout his body . 
 as the last of his release died down , his legs gave out . 
 he slid down the wall with her still gripped tightly in his arms , and landed on his butt , her cradling his still full staff . 
 the small bounce as they sat had him groaning as she gripped him . 
 there was no way he could go again , but his body had n't quite figured that out yet . 
 `` you make me crazy , '' he murmured as he moved his lips to her damp neck and sucked on the delicate skin , enjoying her taste . 
 he slid his hand up the curve of her back , and danced his fingers along her rib cage , until he took the weight of her breast in his hand , his thumb skimming over her nipple . 
 `` i ca n't ... '' she pleaded with him . 
 austin chuckled as he moved his mouth to kiss the corner of her lips , then her cheek . 
 he vowed to kiss every single inch of her skin , to taste every delectable curve . 
 he was almost in a stupor as he held her , completely sated . 
 he realized in those moments that he was falling in love with her . 
 he thought love was a myth - unattainable . 
 even though he 'd seen it happen with his siblings , he never thought it would happen for him . 
 no woman had captivated him , no woman until kinsey . 
 just as he closed his eyes , taking a deep breath , trying to find the energy to move , he stiffened . 
 his entire body grew taught as he thought over their love-making moments earlier , and then again a week ago . 
 he had n't used protection . 
 he always used it , without fail . 
 never had a woman had him lose his sanity to the point he forgot to protect both her and him . 
 `` kinsey , are you on the pill ? '' 
 he asked , praying the answer was yes . 
 she 'd been lax in his arms until he spoke those six words . 
 then , her entire body stiffened as if she too were realizing for the first time how stupid they 'd been . 
 `` i. . . 
 uh ... there 's been no reason , '' she finally managed to say , her head lifting as she looked into his eyes . 
 he was sure his expression matched her own dismayed one . 
 his contentment evaporated as he thought about what the consequences could be . 
 sure , he was falling in love with her , but that did n't mean he was ready for the whole , white-picket-fence-two-point-five-kids thing . 
 `` i 'm sorry , kinsey . 
 i 'm the one who should 've paid attention - should have protected you , '' he said , ashamed of himself . 
 his father had taught him and his brothers to never compromise a woman . 
 he 'd told them they should be happily married before kids were ever mentioned . 
 then he 'd watched as a few of his family members had completely ignored his father 's advice . 
 he 'd vowed it would n't happen to him . 
 he was probably overreacting . 
 how likely was it that she could get pregnant when they 'd only had sex twice with nothing ? 
 couple 's spent years trying without success . 
 he gulped as he thought of his cousins . 
 hell , it seemed his family had supersonic swimmers , because it did n't take much for all of his nieces and nephews to pop up . 
 `` it takes two , austin . 
 i should 've been making sure you were using a condom , too . 
 you are n't going to play the martyr and take all the blame , '' kinsey snapped , seeming to come out of her shock . 
 she pushed against him , and even though austin was scared , he still felt the stirring of his body as she squirmed on his lap . 
 `` let me go , '' she demanded when he did n't loosen his grip . 
 he quickly dropped his arms and she jumped up , gathering her clothes and slipping them on . 
 it took austin a minute to get moving , but finally he stood on shaking legs and followed suit . 
 `` i did n't mean anything , kinsey . 
 i 'm just saying i 've been taught better . 
 i should 've never thought about putting you in this position . '' 
 even when he was trying to be a good guy , she had to snap . 
 he was beginning to get irritated about it . 
 he tried to reason with himself that they were both stressed , but he was n't in the best frame of mind to keep his cool . 
 `` so , in other words , i have n't been taught correctly . 
 i 'm just a female , after all . 
 i do n't think of things like pregnancy or disease . 
 i just expect the big strong man to take care of me , '' she said with sarcasm . 
 austin felt his last thread of temper snapping . 
 `` what is your problem ? 
 we 're fighting over something that probably is n't even an issue . 
 the next time we have sex , i 'll make sure to put on two condoms , '' he barked as he pulled his shirt over his head . 
 `` next time ? 
 are you flipping kidding me ? 
 you really think there 's going to be a next time ? 
 not even if my life depended on it . '' 
 `` oh , there 's going to be a next time , kinsey . 
 and a time after that , and after that . 
 we 're not nearly done with each other , '' he warned . 
 she stood gaping at him as if he 'd lost his mind . 
 he may have , in fact , lost it . 
 he did n't even know any more . 
 he could n't seem to think around her , well , not with the right brain , at least . 
 he knew he could n't stand being away from her . 
 he certainly was n't ready to end their romance , or whatever it was they had going on . 
 kinsey marched up to him , her eyes flashing fire as her hand came up and poked him hard in the chest . 
 he suddenly forgot what they were fighting over as desire consumed him . 
 she was magnificent in a temper . 
 intoxicating . 
 `` i 'm not some push-over , austin . 
 i blame it on temporary insanity , lack of sleep , too much to drink , any number of excuses for the few times we 've been together . 
 but that 's all over . 
 do you hear me ? 
 over ! 
 i 'm done with whatever this is , and i 'm getting on with my life . 
 i do n't think you have to worry about a pregnancy , because right now my body is certainly a hostile environment , and if your seed comes anywhere near my uterus , laser beams will strike the little swimmers down , '' she snapped . 
 austin could n't keep from smiling , which led to laughter . 
 a deep-from-the-stomach , bend-you-at-the-waist , healing sort of laughter . 
 she was so glorious in her anger , so unbelievably exceptional that he wanted to haul her over his shoulder and cart her off to the nearest cave , where he could pound his chest and claim her as his . 
 `` that 's it , move from that door right now ! '' 
 her chest was heaving she was so angry . 
 it took a mighty effort but he managed to stop the laughter , though his lips were still twitching . 
 he leaned back , even more comfortably , as if he had all day . 
 kinsey 's eyes narrowed before she lifted her leg and slammed her foot down on his still bare one . 
 austin inwardly cringed as a small pain shot up his leg , but he just smiled at her . 
 there was no way he was letting her know he 'd felt a thing . 
 `` this discussion is n't over yet , kinsey , so you may as well make yourself comfortable so we can chat , '' he said , keeping his voice calm . 
 she glared at him for several more moments before letting out a frustrated breath and taking a step back . 
 she must 've figured out there was no way she was going to physically move him , so she had little choice but to stay in the closet and hash it out . 
 `` fine , then talk . 
 but make it fast because i 'm exhausted and want to get home . '' 
 `` if you 're pregnant , how soon until you know ? '' 
 he asked as if it was a simple question to answer . 
 in his mind , it was pretty black and white . 
 `` really , austin ? 
 how soon will i know ? 
 well , let 's see , considering i 've never been pregnant before , i would n't know . 
 most women that come into the hospital are in their second month and still shocked when we tell them they do n't have the flu , but they 're going to be a mother in about seven months . '' 
 `` i do n't know either , kinsey . 
 it is n't like i go around knocking women up . '' 
 `` austin , there 's nothing we can do about it tonight . 
 the deed is done . 
 it 's not like we can go back in time and slip a condom on you , so let 's leave it alone until we know something . 
 i 'll tell you what , in a few weeks if i have n't started my cycle , i 'll get a test , then give you a call . 
 until then , back off . '' 
 `` the sooner you know , the better , kinsey . 
 if you 're pregnant , i want to get married right away . 
 i do n't need our son or daughter figuring out the math earlier than they need to , '' he said as he bent and started putting on his socks and shoes . 
 when he was done , he looked up , and he could swear he saw smoke coming out of her ears . 
 her face was red and she was looking at him like he was an alien from another planet . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he had no idea why she was still so ticked off . 
 `` what ? 
 really ? 
 i mean every woman dreams of the ideal proposal , but i think i need to send this one in to bride 's magazine , '' she replied tartly . 
 `` you want romance ? 
 fine , i 'll give you romance , '' he thundered . 
 `` i do n't want romance . 
 i do n't want anything right now but to get out of this claustrophobic room , '' she yelled back . 
 they stood glaring at each other for several minutes . 
 austin knew it would n't do him any good to continue the conversation , but for some reason he did n't want to open the door . 
 he knew the second he did , she was going to run out and then he 'd have a heck of a time seeing her again . 
 why was he chasing a woman so hard who obviously did n't want to be caught ? 
 his pride was taking a serious downward spiral the longer he spent with her . 
 `` i 'm just trying to do the right thing , here . '' 
 `` i never asked you to , austin . 
 i did n't ask for you to sacrifice yourself for me . 
 if i were pregnant , that would in no way mean i 'd expect , or even want , to get married . 
 it would just mean there would be a small being growing inside me . 
 i refuse to get married because you think you have to do the right thing . 
 that 's no life for me to live , and it would n't be fair to you , either . 
 we would just end up hating each other and making our child miserable , '' she explained , some of her temper dimming . 
 `` i do n't look at it like a sacrifice , kinsey . 
 i do n't think being married to you would be a hardship . 
 we 've proven we 're great in bed . 
 that , right there , is half the battle . 
 we obviously do n't have a problem with expressing ourselves , so there 's the other half . 
 i say we 're a match made in heaven . '' 
 `` i 'll think about everything , okay ? 
 i just ... i need some time , '' she begged . 
 austin knew the discussion was over . 
 he could n't hold her hostage all night in the janitor 's closet . 
 if she thought it was the last she 'd hear from him , though , she was sadly mistaken . 
 `` fine , but we need to talk more about this after you 've rested . '' 
 `` okay , '' she agreed too easily . 
 he had a feeling once she marched out the door , the discussion would be over in her mind . 
 well , she thought he 'd been persistent in pursuing her before . 
 it was nothing compared to what he 'd do to fight for his family - and if she carried his child , she was family . 
 austin opened the door without another word , and kinsey quickly skirted around him and made a beeline through it . 
 he followed her out and watched as she rushed down the hallway . 
 he let her go . 
 she could blow off some steam and then they 'd revisit the discussion later . 
 kinsey stepped outside the hospital and kept on walking . 
 she did n't dare look back . 
 she could n't . 
 she was both afraid he was there , and he was n't . 
 really , what was wrong with her ? 
 she could n't get a handle on how she felt about austin . 
 when he was with her , he seemed to inspire her strongest emotions , whether it was happiness , lust , joy , or sorrow . 
 she also had to admit that when he was n't there , she missed him . 
 missed him past the point of rationality . 
 why did she like him so much ? 
 was sex really that important ? 
 there must be a switch in her brain that would allow her to turn off her attraction to him . 
 if only she could figure out how to find it ... her mind replayed the last year . 
 her best friend 's wedding - where it all had begun . 
 he 'd made her burn that night , and she had n't stopped since . 
 she was fighting him each step of the way because he scared her . 
 she knew she could easily fall in love , if she was n't there already . 
 she also knew he could walk away without a thought . 
 that 's who he was . 
 she knew that , so she 'd only have herself to blame if she were in love . 
 her stomach dipped , and she felt tears burn behind her lids . 
 what if they really had made a baby together ? 
 what would she do ? 
 `` do n't even go there right now , kinsey , '' she muttered aloud , needing to hear the words spoken . 
 life changed all the time . 
 sometimes it was for the better and sometimes for the worst , but no matter what , it was important to remain standing . 
 she 'd been through a few hard times in her life , she could make it through this . 
 kinsey thought about her family . 
 it was time to go home for a visit . 
 her mother would know something was wrong the moment she walked through the door , but that was the price she was willing to pay , because she needed her mom 's shoulder to cry on . 
 she needed her father 's comforting hug . 
 heck , she even needed the harassment she 'd receive from her brothers about her never visiting anymore . 
 she could deal with it all if she just went home and regrouped . 
 with a plan in motion , kinsey picked up her pace . 
 it was too far of a walk to her apartment , but she needed to burn some energy or she 'd never be able to sleep once she got there . 
 she decided she 'd just walk until she was tired , then find the nearest bus stop . 
 after a half-hour she was ready for the warmth of the bus . 
 she found a pick-up location and waited . 
 her luck was with her when it showed up five minutes later . 
 she climbed on board , huddled in her seat and waited for her stop . 
 she smiled when she thought that by noon tomorrow she 'd be with her mom , sitting in her big country kitchen , while chaos erupted all around her . 
 it was exactly what the doctor would order . 
 chapter fourteen day eighteen `` i ca n't seem to get a single second alone with you . 
 i do n't want to do this on the phone , but esther lyon , will - '' george said into his phone . 
 `` do n't you dare say it , george , '' esther interrupted him . 
 george groaned in frustration . 
 he felt like an errant teenager , hiding in a bathroom stall . 
 he 'd tried to get away from his kids , but something was always coming up . 
 every time he turned around , there they were . 
 he had to speak to esther - had to make her see they were meant to be together . 
 he missed her - missed her more than he thought possible . 
 he knew , without a doubt , he loved her , and he was dang well going to get her to agree to be his bride . 
 `` i miss you , '' he sighed . 
 there was a long pause on the other end of the line ... `` i miss you , too , george . '' 
 `` all you have to do is let me tell my family and then this is all over . 
 we can quit hiding . 
 i 'll take you around the world where there wo n't be a chance of anyone interrupting us . 
 let me spoil you , esther . 
 nothing would please me more . '' 
 `` you 're such a romantic , george . 
 it 's why i 've fallen in love with you . 
 but nothing has changed . 
 i do n't feel right about this with joseph in the hospital . 
 what if he does n't make it ? 
 then , our start would always be a moment of sadness , '' esther explained . 
 `` joseph would n't want me to be unhappy , even if he did n't make it . 
 i know my brother , '' he insisted . 
 `` i just do n't think the kids would accept it , george . 
 what if they somehow know , and they 're trying to keep us apart because they do n't approve ? '' 
 `` that 's nonsense . 
 my children want me to be happy , and they already love you . '' 
 `` i just do n't know ... '' she trailed off . 
 `` esther ... '' he began . 
 `` dad , are you in here ? '' 
 max called . 
 george wanted to yell . 
 instead he remained quiet , hoping his son would go away . 
 `` i can hear your son , george . 
 i 'll talk to you later , '' esther said before quickly hanging up . 
 with a frustrated groan , he kicked the metal wall , causing a loud echo in the bathroom . 
 `` yes , i 'm here . 
 i 'll be right out , '' he muttered , trying to mask his annoyance . 
 `` is everything all right ? 
 what was that noise ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i just slipped and kicked the wall . '' 
 `` okay . 
 we 've been looking for you . 
 it 's time to go back to joseph 's room . '' 
 george gave up on his hiding time and made his way out of the stall . 
 i ca n't even use the toilet in peace , he thought grumpily . 
 max looked at him with suspicion , but did n't question him further . 
 george hung his head as he followed max , having no clue that max was texting his siblings and cousins at that moment , telling them they 'd have a new member added to their family at any time . 
 the room filled as everyone came back at the same time . 
 they beamed when they found katherine waiting for them . 
 `` you 're very eager , '' katherine said . 
 `` yes , please continue . 
 we wo n't say a single word , '' cassie said . 
 katherine smiled as her nephew , max , leaned in and gave his wife a kiss . 
 the kids were all doing so well , still looking very much in love and happy with their spouses . 
 she knew their love would continue to grow , long after she and joseph had to leave them behind . 
 she looked to her husband and silently told him it was n't yet time to leave , though . 
 they had many years left , and a family to still take care of . 
 `` now , where was i when we last left off ? '' 
 katherine asked . 
 `` the big meeting was coming up , '' mark answered quickly . 
 katherine chuckled , enjoying the enthusiasm of her son . 
 it was amusing how even the boys were enthralled with her memories . 
 `` oh , yes , mark , that 's right . 
 i was so nervous . 
 we were having a huge board meeting . 
 i had n't heard from joseph since the phone call and i knew he 'd be there . 
 of course he would . 
 i hoped he 'd sit back and stay in the background , but you know joseph is n't one to hide in corners . 
 i was getting ready to open the meeting when there was a stirring in the room ... '' katherine took a deep breath and rose from her chair . 
 she looked around the table where the other board members sat , all eyes on her . 
 then she looked out at the crowd , the investors who wanted answers , wanted to know their money was being taken care of . 
 they all had a stake in the company , and wanted what was best for them . 
 what was that , though ? 
 benjamin had handpicked his board and had complete faith they 'd choose wisely after he passed . 
 katherine felt the weight of the thousands depending on them to make that decision . 
 she opened her mouth to speak , when there was a stir in the room . 
 she did n't need to meet his eyes to know joseph had walked in . 
 he was the wild card . 
 the one they all wanted , but did n't know if he 'd be the right person for the job . 
 he was both the hope and the tragedy . 
 they knew he loved his grandfather , but he 'd left without a word . 
 he was also wildly successful on his own , so why would he want to lock himself down to such a demanding position . 
 if they chose him , and he declined , the stocks would plummet because the people would lose faith in the board of directors . 
 he was there , but he had n't said whether he 'd actually accept the position if it was offered to him . 
 it was a difficult decision , and she had one of the key votes . 
 sweat broke out on her brow as she looked over the crowd , her eyes immediately finding his . 
 he stared back , unconcerned with the people watching . 
 it was as if he were letting the world know he did n't care what they thought . 
 he 'd do whatever pleased him . 
 his gaze locked with hers , joseph was frozen for a moment . 
 she stood proud at the table , wearing a black business suit , her hair in a knot at the base of her long , slender neck , and a notebook in her hand as she waited to begin her presentation . 
 she was stunning . 
 he wanted to start by taking down her hair , watching it cascade across her shoulders , making her appear softer . 
 he missed the girl of five years before , who had stars shining in her eyes . 
 this woman she 'd become was spectacular , but she was too guarded . 
 he needed to sneak beneath the wall she 'd built and slowly tear it down , piece by piece if need be . 
 as their eyes stayed locked together , he could swear he saw her breath hitch . 
 but she quickly regained her confident demeanor and turned away . 
 there was no hesitation in her manner , no indication that she was burning as hot as he was . 
 he was determined to find out if it was an act , or if she was indeed over him . 
 joseph sat back and watched . 
 his eyes constantly strayed to her as she spoke , pointing out numbers and logistics , but he did n't care . 
 he already had the corporate information memorized . 
 he was impressed with her knowledge , though . 
 as she finished , questions were fired at her , one after the other . 
 she never sweated it . 
 she calmly answered each one , leaving no room for doubt that she was on the board for a reason . 
 a very good reason . 
 she 'd changed since he 'd last known her . 
 the fire that had always burned bright inside of her was now out in the open for the world to see . 
 her demeanor seemed to say if people do n't like it , then they can back off . 
 he found himself even more drawn to her . 
 she was a rare woman . 
 beauty , passion , poise . 
 she had the crowd eating out of her hand before she was done . 
 he wondered if she could see past the show some of the members put on . 
 only time would tell . 
 the meeting droned on with other board members speaking , more questions asked . 
 he was losing patience with it all by the third hour . 
 he wanted katherine to himself . 
 he was done with the politics involved in a new ceo being elected . 
 he could wait . 
 he 'd waited five years , already . 
 what was another hour or two ? 
 katherine felt as if a thousand needles were being drilled into her head . 
 she knew joseph 's gaze rarely left her . 
 it took momentous willpower to keep from shifting her eyes and connecting with his cold blue depths . 
 her stomach was tied in knots as she waited for the meeting to end . 
 the questions kept coming , one after the other , several of them just a variation of the one before it . 
 she had to keep on her toes , though , had to pay attention , because if she missed even the slightest verbiage , she 'd be lost and the piranhas would pounce . 
 they 'd love to take a bite from her flesh , as much as she knew joseph would be first in line for that honor . 
 katherine knew joseph was making a stir among the people . 
 his very presence stopped traffic wherever he was , but there seemed to be no middle ground when it came to him . 
 the people either loved him and looked at him like a savior , or they despised him and expected him to destroy their world . 
 she wondered for a moment what it must be like for him to yield that kind of power . 
 to be so important that your very existence influenced the lives around you . 
 as she shook off the thoughts , she realized the room was silent . 
 maybe the people had heard enough for the day . 
 it seemed round one was soon to be over . 
 `` thank you all for being here today . 
 the board members have agreed to stay for the next hour and answer individual questions you may have . 
 we understand that the decision we 're making affects all of you and we want your faith and trust in us . 
 meeting adjourned , '' katherine said . 
 the room erupted in conversations as people moved about , everyone trying to figure out where to go that would benefit them the most . 
 who did they want to rub elbows with the most , who could advance their careers ? 
 it was all a game - just a game on a million dollar scale . 
 she quickly gathered her belongings , already having notified the other members she was n't staying for this part . 
 she wanted to escape before joseph came near . 
 she knew he would . 
 it was n't in him not to . 
 `` very impressive , katherine . 
 i think you 've learned quite well how to play games in the corporate world , how to dance a different routine to each separate piece . 
 i guess you 're no longer the naive girl i met five years ago , '' joseph said , stopping her movements . 
 had she really been so dumb to believe she could escape without him tracking her first ? 
 she slowly turned , frustration brewing in her . 
 there were too many people standing around for her to make a scene . 
 she could n't act antagonistic toward him , or rumors would spread . 
 she felt like having a small tantrum , possibly using her three inch heel to dig into his foot . 
 the thought almost made her smile . 
 she managed to keep a cool expression as she looked into his face . 
 `` thank you , joseph . 
 i appreciate your kind words . 
 i 'm running late , but would love to chat later , perhaps after the next board meeting , '' she said , then turned to leave . 
 his hand shot out and gripped her arm . 
 his fingers holding on tightly , though no one around them would know . 
 the way he held her would look to any outsider as if he was simply escorting her for a walk . 
 he began leading her toward the very door she 'd meant to escape through . 
 she did n't want to go through it with him , though . 
 she did n't trust herself , not after what happened in her apartment . 
 `` you should know by now , katherine , that i 'm not a patient man . 
 i ca n't wait until the next meeting . 
 i think you also know that i 'll use any means necessary to get my way . 
 you can either speak to me willingly , or i could always try another method to get your cooperation , '' he threatened . 
 a shiver ran down her spine at his words , spoken in a pleasant tone , but passionate , nonetheless . 
 she knew he would n't be at all afraid of causing a scene . 
 she , on the other hand , would be mortified by it . 
 he could easily ride off into the sunset , once again leaving her behind , nearly broken , trying to pick up the pieces of her shattered life . 
 `` that wo n't be necessary , joseph . 
 i 'll just modify my plans a little . 
 i would n't want to upset one of our candidates , '' she said through gritted teeth . 
 she hoped no one was paying attention to their conversation . 
 what made the entire situation even worse was the desire flowing through her at his touch . 
 he was dressed to impress , though she knew it was just who he was . 
 his custom fitted suit draped his body in a way that left nothing to the imagination . 
 his wide shoulders filled the coat out to perfection , while the pants hugged his hips , and showcased his muscular legs . 
 one hand gripped her arm , while the other rested in his pocket , making him appear like he was headed to his next photo shoot . 
 he was impressive , even more so than he 'd been five years ago . 
 there were men who appeared confident , and then there was joseph . 
 he was a rare specimen of the most perfect order . 
 he knew all of that , though . 
 he knew exactly what he was doing to her , just like he knew every single female in the room would go home and dream about him , a few of the married ones , too . 
 if his piercing blue eyes , and flawless body were n't enough to make her heart race , the sound of his deep voice caressing her from the inside out had her knees shaking . 
 she wanted to find a wall and sink down it to the floor . 
 just a few more minutes , she promised herself . 
 a few more minutes and you can escape . 
 `` have you cast your vote , katherine ? '' 
 `` that would be none of your business , joseph , '' she quickly replied as she tugged at her arm , not enough for others to notice , but enough for him to get the hint she wanted him to let go . 
 he managed to get them closer to the door , though she was doing all she could to block his path . 
 `` i get the feeling you 're not enjoying our talk , '' he mocked her . 
 katherine fumed at his knowing look . 
 he enjoyed his power game . 
 she decided to quit giving him the victory . 
 `` i always enjoy speaking with any member of the anderson family , joseph . 
 i know you 're a busy man and i 'm grateful you 've been able to attend , '' she said in the politically correct response . 
 she stopped struggling for release and allowed him to lead her from the room . 
 at least once they got away from people , she could quit biting her tongue and let him know how she truly felt . 
 as if he figured her out , he stopped their forward movement at the door 's threshold . 
 `` what are your plans the rest of the day ? '' 
 he asked as if he had the right . 
 `` i 've got a full schedule . 
 it was nice speaking with you , but i need to leave now , '' she told him as she stepped away . 
 `` i 'll follow you . 
 i have extra time on my hands , '' he said , switching from gripping her arm to placing it through his . 
 she noticed they 'd drawn attention , just what she had n't wanted . 
 `` i 'm sure you have more important things to attend than harassing me , joseph . 
 you 're starting to cause a scene , so please be a good little boy and run along , '' she hissed as she stepped from the room . 
 `` you 're so good for me , katherine . 
 i do n't think i 'm ever going to let you go . '' 
 she looked at him , terrified when she saw the seriousness of his words written on his face . 
 he may actually mean what he was saying . 
 a shiver racked her body . 
 escape . 
 she had to get far away from him , because she could too easily see herself once again falling under his spell . 
 she was half-way there already . 
 as soon as they were clear of people , she snatched her arm back and dashed down the hall , her only thought was to get as far from him as humanly possible . 
 the spell he weaved was intoxicating . 
 it would n't take much more to make her fall at his feet . 
 she reached the elevator and pushed the down button , turning her head and breathing in relief when she did n't see him . 
 the doors opened and she climbed inside , leaning against the back wall and beginning to breathe easier as the doors started closing . 
 just when she thought she was free , a hand reached out and stopped the doors from closing . 
 within seconds , joseph was sealed inside with her - giving her nowhere to hide . 
 her heart thundered at the predatory look in his eyes . 
 her stomach tied in knots , she looked at him - really looked at him , standing there so self-assured , fire brewing in his eyes . 
 she knew she was in trouble . 
 `` you know , katherine , i 'm beginning to enjoy our game of cat and mouse . 
 chasing you seems to be my new favorite pastime . 
 i do n't know what we 'll do for fun once you 've accepted the inevitable , '' he whispered , his voice seductive , his body sending a challenge she desperately wanted to accept . 
 `` i 'm not playing , joseph . 
 i do n't want you , '' she replied , her breathless voice betraying her words . 
 he smirked knowingly as he took a step toward her . 
 she pressed her back as far against the wall as humanly possible . 
 if he touched her , it was all over . 
 she knew she was on the edge of the cliff , and just the slightest whisper of wind would push her over . 
 `` do you truly believe that , my katherine ? 
 are you lying to me , or to yourself ? 
 this has been inevitable - it has been from the first moment i spotted you at the dance . 
 we have n't finished our song yet . '' 
 his words were pure seduction , melting her . 
 her legs shook , and her lips parted as air rushed in and out of her lungs . 
 she tried telling herself it was only a game to him , that he 'd grow bored as soon as he caught her , but her brain function was short-circuiting . 
 she could n't bring herself to deny him . 
 with a last ditch effort at survival , she set her shoulders and tried her hardest . 
 `` you do n't always win , joseph . 
 you do n't always get what you want . 
 i do n't want you , '' she snapped , though , the breathless quality of her voice betrayed the tone she 'd been going for . 
 `` you are correct , katherine . 
 i do n't always get what i want . 
 but you 're also wrong . 
 you do want me . 
 need is burning in your eyes , desire for me . '' 
 he hit the emergency stop button , bringing them to a halt . 
 then he stepped up close , his body only an inch from touching her . 
 she refused to look him in the face , and in turn chose to pour all concentration on the emerald green of his tie , such a pretty color ... she tried distracting herself , anything to keep from reaching out and running her hands along the thick muscles of his biceps . 
 she had to fight her mind not to think of him lying next to her , his chest bare for her to explore . 
 his hand reached up and cupped her chin , forcing her head to lift . 
 she wanted to be stubborn , to try and fight the movement , but she was no match for him , and they both knew it . 
 her head tilted and her eyes met his , intense desire burning hot , leaving her breathless . 
 the look of power , confidence , and desire was her undoing . 
 she knew the kiss was coming . 
 she also knew she was powerless to stop it . 
 she only had so much willpower - and she 'd reached her limit for the day . 
 it had always been him and always would be and he was destroying the carefully guarded fortress she 'd dedicated to building around her heart . 
 when she had a moment to think , she 'd fall apart . 
 she just hoped she was alone when it happened , then he would n't get to glory in his true victory . 
 `` i 'm going to kiss you now , katherine . 
 i 'm only warning you because i 'm close to losing my sanity at the moment . 
 you may not have figured it out , yet , but i 'm powerless with you . 
 you control this . 
 you have the power . 
 one touch from you has my body in flames . 
 one sigh from your lips and my heart quickens . 
 i need you like i 've never needed anyone . 
 it 's almost a violent compulsion . 
 i feel i ca n't survive if i do n't take you with me to the ends of the world and back , '' joseph said , his voice deep , dark , and utterly devastating . 
 suddenly she found herself pressed between his solid frame and the back of the elevator . 
 he was crushing her in the best possible way . 
 before she had time to think , his head leaned down for his mouth to claim her . 
 he was done talking , he was done seducing . 
 he was claiming her in the oldest way known to man . 
 she could n't fight him anymore . 
 she gave up trying , and wrapped her arms around his neck , letting him have her , relinquishing all she had , his mission now accomplished . 
 katherine did n't know how much time passed , she did n't care . 
 she did n't even know where she was anymore . 
 `` this is anderson security . 
 is there a problem with the elevator ? '' 
 katherine jumped as joseph lifted his head , his eyes glazed . 
 `` hello , please pick up the phone to the left of the door . 
 do we need to call the fire marshal ? '' 
 a voice spoke over the intercom . 
 joseph swore as he took a step back . 
 katherine looked around , praying there was n't a camera witnessing their behavior . 
 she knew the staff and would be utterly mortified to come back into work knowing they 'd seen her acting so wantonly . 
 with an angry growl , joseph released the stop button , ignoring the phone . 
 the elevator started its downward motion again . 
 only a few floors to go . 
 `` come home with me , katherine , '' he commanded as he turned back to her , the fire having dimmed , but still shining in his eyes . 
 `` joseph ... '' she said . 
 she 'd come out of her fog . 
 intensity was pouring off of him , urging her to continue . 
 `` you want me , katherine . 
 quit fighting yourself , '' he demanded as he stepped toward her again . 
 the elevator doors opened , surprising him long enough for her to skirt around him . 
 katherine rushed past him and did n't hesitate for even a fraction of a second . 
 she knew she 'd have to build much stronger walls to keep him out the next time they met ... `` i 'm sorry to interrupt , but it 's long past visiting hours , '' a nurse apologized as she stepped into the room . 
 katherine looked at the nurse , her mind foggy as she came back from the past . 
 then she looked at her husband . 
 so handsome . 
 he had n't changed one bit in her mind . 
 his passion , beauty , and zest for life had only grown deeper , richer and stronger . 
 the more she talked about their beginning , the more she needed him to wake . 
 a tear fell down her face as she looked at him . 
 she gripped his hand and let the tears flow . 
 `` please come back to me , joseph . 
 you made me love you . 
 you refused to let me go . 
 now , i refuse to let you go . 
 i refuse to give up . 
 you come back to me soon , real soon , '' she demanded . 
 she did n't even realize she spoke the words out loud . 
 she kept her eyes glued to her husband as she felt kisses on her cheek . 
 she knew her family was saying goodbye for the night , giving her time to grieve . 
 they knew what she needed . 
 after all , they were here because of the great love she shared with the wonderful man lying so still in front of her . 
 with a final tear escaping , katherine slowly climbed in bed next to joseph , holding him close . 
 she was exhausted , drained , emotionally and physically . 
 the last thing she remembered before blessed oblivion overtook her was the feel of soft blankets being placed over her . 
 chapter fifteen austin sat back with a determined look on his face . 
 he was grateful to have a distraction from his continual thoughts of kinsey . 
 he was going out of his mind . 
 was she pregnant ? 
 when would he see her again ? 
 what was she thinking ? 
 `` are you sure you 're up to this . 
 i know you have a lot going on right now ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm fine , '' he answered . 
 `` really , '' he added when trenton gave him a suspicious look . 
 `` quit trying to coddle me . 
 i 'm not one of your kids . '' 
 they reached the warehouse and austin climbed from his car . 
 he watched as employees filed through the doors , getting ready for their day to begin . 
 he never enjoyed firing anyone , but he was happy to get rid of jack . 
 he was bad news all the way around . 
 `` i 'll have to take your word for it , but remember to keep calm . 
 dean said the crew has been walking on egg shells around him lately because his temper 's been so bad . 
 we do n't need you to punch him in the face and get sued . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , i get it , '' austin grumbled . 
 `` let 's get this over with . 
 i have an appointment in an hour with an investor , '' austin said as he strode forward , his walk confident , his shoulders back . 
 to the outside world , he looked like the corporate shark he was , though he was boiling on the inside . 
 they passed through the doors , watching as employees placed personal items in their lockers and put on their safety gear . 
 a few greeted them , not alarmed to have them there . 
 it was n't unusual for any of the anderson family member 's to come and personally check on their varying businesses . 
 they often jumped in while on site and gave a hand . 
 it was their fathers who 'd taught them that hard work was expected , not to be passed off . 
 they 'd teach their children the same values . 
 just because they 'd been fortunate enough to be born into money did n't give them the right to forgo certain steps in their learning process . 
 `` a little sweat helps you grow into a man , '' both joseph and george would say to their boys . 
 austin had actually heard trenton say the same thing to his son . 
 the thought almost made him smile - would have , too , if not for the situation . 
 `` trenton . 
 i 'm glad you 're here . 
 can you come look at something ? '' 
 an employee asked as he rushed over to them . 
 trenton looked at austin , obviously unsure if he should leave him on his own . 
 `` i told you , i 'm fine . 
 go help . 
 come find me when you 're finished , '' austin snapped , the last of his patience with his brother evaporated . 
 `` okay , but do n't do anything i would n't do , '' trenton said as he turned and went down the hall . 
 austin figured he had a lot of room to do what he wanted if that were the case . 
 trenton had been the wildest of them all , the word no just being another challenge for his brother . 
 putting trenton out of his mind , austin continued to walk toward the loading dock , where he knew jack would be . 
 he tuned out the conversations going on around him as he focused on the task at hand . 
 `` hi , austin . 
 glad you 're here , '' dean said as he appeared at his side . 
 `` yeah , better to get this over with . 
 which bay is he in ? '' 
 `` number twenty-three . 
 i 'm coming with you . 
 he 's been pissier than usual lately and i have a feeling you may need a witness . 
 there 's been mention that he might be on drugs . 
 i do n't know what happened to him . 
 he used to be one of our best guys . '' 
 `` it really bothers me when this kind of thing happens . 
 i like a clean ship ran . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry i allowed it to get this far , '' dean said , obviously embarrassed . 
 `` you 're doing a great job , dean . 
 you notified us as soon as the problem was found . 
 you ca n't tell when someone 's about to snap . 
 it just happens , '' austin reassured his foreman . 
 they did n't speak any further as they approached the bay . 
 when jack turned and spotted the two of them , his eyes narrowed and he stood up in a defensive stance . 
 austin took a deep breath . 
 he could already tell the conversation was n't going to go well - not in the least bit . 
 `` jack , can you come outside with me ? 
 we need to have a talk , '' austin asked in his most professional tone . 
 jack looked from him to dean before answering . 
 `` what about ? '' 
 he did n't budge from his stance . 
 `` i 'd much rather do this in private , jack , '' austin tried again , though he knew it would n't do any good . 
 `` what is it that we need to do in private ? '' 
 jack demanded . 
 austin sighed . 
 he knew it was n't going to be easy so he did n't understand why he was letting it get to him . 
 it had to be everything else going on in his life - uncle joseph , his father , and especially kinsey . 
 jack was already looking for a fight , his defenses up . 
 he had to have known he was going to get caught eventually . 
 drugs tended to make a person think they were invincible , though , so maybe jack really had thought he could keep getting away with his little theft ring . 
 `` we 've come across some irrefutable evidence that items have been stolen from the yard ... '' austin began when jack interrupted . 
 `` so what ? 
 i do n't know anything about it . 
 why are you talking to me , '' he bellowed . 
 jack 's temper was starting to really escalate . 
 with just a few words , he was darting his eyes around , before turning back to austin , glaring with an intense hatred . 
 `` jack , the evidence points to you , '' austin said , his voice quiet . 
 he was trying to avoid a scene , but was n't having much success . 
 several workers had stopped and were openly staring . 
 many of them already knew the situation . 
 rumors flew rampant in any workplace , but most of these guys had been working together for years already and rumors spread faster than normal . 
 they were n't even trying to hide the fact that they were watching . 
 `` that 's ridiculous . 
 you ca n't come in here and accuse me . 
 it 's probably one of your greedy relatives . 
 i 've been framed , that 's it , '' he shouted , his face turning red , his nostrils flaring . 
 he looked around , starting to notice all the people watching . 
 `` what are you looking at ? 
 do n't you all have a job to do ? 
 this is none of your business , '' he cried out . 
 austin heard someone chuckle , and he tensed , waiting for jack to explode . 
 `` get security here , now , '' austin whispered to dean , who nodded and quickly left . 
 jack wearily watched dean go before his gaze locked back on austin . 
 `` come on , jack . 
 let 's go outside , '' he tried one more time . 
 `` i have nothing to hide . 
 you ca n't bully me around just because you were born with a silver spoon in your damn mouth . 
 i ai n't going anywhere . 
 if you want to go outside , then be my freaking guest ! '' 
 `` i 've had enough , jack , '' austin thundered . 
 he was losing his cool no matter how much he tried to reign it in . 
 the man was pissing him off . 
 `` i 've had enough , too . 
 now , get the hell out of here so i can do my job ! '' 
 jack actually turned away , acting as if austin was dismissed . 
 austin stood there for a moment in shock . 
 the man had to be on some pretty intense drugs if he truly thought he could talk to his employer that way and still have a job . 
 his job had been over no matter what , but seriously , what was he thinking ? 
 `` jack , you no longer work for this company . 
 a guard is coming to escort you off the premises . 
 you can gather your possession , and then you are n't to step foot on any of the anderson properties again . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 austin 's voice was back under control . 
 he was a professional and needed to remember that . 
 he carefully watched as jack turned back to him , his face a swollen red ball , fists clenched at his sides , stance threatening . 
 `` i 've worked for you for years . 
 years ! 
 and this is the way you pay me for it . 
 you treat me like a common criminal ? 
 i 'll sue you for wrongful termination , take everything you 've got , you pansy ass son of a b. . . '' 
 `` i 've had enough , jack . 
 follow me to the lockers , this conversation is over , '' austin interrupted . 
 he was damned if he 'd stand there and allow the thief to speak to him that way . 
 `` you can go to hell ! '' 
 jack yelled and austin heard his steps charging toward him . 
 he quickly stepped to the side and turned . 
 jack had his fist raised and was bringing it downward toward his face . 
 austin easily blocked the forward movement , stunning jack . 
 then austin threw a punch of his own , landing a solid right to the man 's jaw , making him stagger back . 
 jack shook his head , then looked up , rage consuming him as he charged forward again . 
 austin stood still and waited , then sent a hard kick into jack 's stomach , doubling him over as he threw up at austin 's feet . 
 he quickly jumped out of the way as jack collapsed on the floor , groaning in pain and gasping for air . 
 `` are you kidding me , jack ? 
 you could n't take this like a man and just walk out . 
 i was trying to do this as easy as possible , but you had to charge me . 
 do you really want to go to jail on top of being fired ? '' 
 austin demanded . 
 `` you 're the one who hit me . 
 i 'll take you for all you have , you bastard . 
 i 'll own everything , this building , your house , all of it , '' he gasped . 
 `` go ahead and try . 
 there are about twenty people standing around who saw the whole thing , '' austin snapped . 
 `` i 've got this now , boss . 
 jack , come with me , '' his guard said as he grabbed jack by the back of the shirt and yanked him up . 
 the guard , tommy , was intimidatingly huge . 
 even jack did n't look stupid enough to mess with him . 
 `` thanks , tommy . '' 
 austin turned and walked away as tommy began leading jack from the premises . 
 `` how high are you , jack ? 
 damn , that was stupid , '' he heard tommy say before he got out of hearing distance . 
 austin made it to the office before trenton found him . 
 by the smirk on his brother 's face , he already knew what had happened . 
 he kept walking , not wanting to hear the gloating . 
 austin would n't have hit jack if he had n't charged him . 
 he knew he was on a short fuse , the whole situation with kinsey keeping him on pins and needles , but he was n't normally violent . 
 but explaining that to his brother would do him no good . 
 trenton just loved to say ' i told you so . ' 
 `` i heard you could 've used a little back up , that jack almost took you down , '' trenton said , stopping austin in his tracks . 
 `` what ? 
 are you kidding me ? 
 that little piss-ant could n't get the upper hand even on my worst day . '' 
 `` oh , so you kicked his ass just for fun ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 he charged me . 
 it was self-defense , '' austin snapped as he resumed walking . 
 trenton was trying to get a reaction and he was doing a good job of it . 
 `` i knew i should 've been there . '' 
 `` like that would have stopped anything . '' 
 `` nah , but then i might have got to jump in and get a few swings myself , '' trenton said with a laugh . 
 austin could n't help the smile from appearing . 
 he looked at his brother , at the wicked humor in his eyes , then started laughing . 
 he did n't know if it was the stress , jack , kinsey , his father , uncle joseph or what the hell it was , but suddenly he could n't quit laughing . 
 he laughed until his stomach hurt and tears were in his eyes . 
 after about five minutes , he finally managed to straighten up and look at his brother , who was eying him like he 'd lost his mind . 
 hell , maybe he had . 
 `` it 's been a really long week , '' was his only explanation . 
 `` i get it , '' trenton replied as he climbed in the car next to him . 
 they did n't say anything more as they left the warehouse behind . 
 austin relaxed , knowing that was the end of it . 
 trenton would leave him alone and let him work through whatever was driving him to the point of hysterical laughter . 
 he also knew trenton would be there in a heartbeat the second he needed to talk about it . 
 `` thanks for meeting with me , kinsey . 
 the family is moving joseph tomorrow . 
 as you know , he needs nursing around the clock when home , and the family wants you to continue his care . 
 have you made your decision , yet ? '' 
 kinsey 's supervisor asked . 
 kinsey had been thinking of what she wanted to do for the past couple weeks . 
 she was going to refuse , even though she knew it could be detrimental for her career , but she did n't think she could handle being in the anderson mansion , knowing austin would be making appearances often . 
 she caved , though , after cassie begged her . 
 how could she deny her best friend when she was obviously so worried about joseph ? 
 `` yes , i 'll take the position . '' 
 her supervisor gave her a relieved smile . 
 it seemed she did n't want to be the one to tell any of the anderson family , no . 
 kinsey could sympathize with the overworked woman . 
 `` that 's great news . 
 we 'll miss you while you 're gone , but your position will still be here when he recovers , '' her boss said . 
 kinsey loved how optimistic her boss was . 
 she never gave up on a patient , not even when everyone else in the room already had . 
 she 'd saved so many lives , kinsey felt the hospital should be named after her . 
 most often though , the hardest workers were those who were the most under-appreciated . 
 `` go ahead and take the rest of the day off . 
 you 've certainly earned it , '' she said as they both stood up . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 kinsey walked from the office , grateful she 'd get to see joseph 's care to the very end , but nervous about what it meant with austin . 
 she had n't spoken to him since their fight and she still did n't know if pregnancy was a valid concern . 
 she was afraid to even go there at the moment . 
 she did n't know what she 'd do if the answer were yes . 
 `` if you sign here , we can discharge your husband and get him ready for transport , '' dr. weston said as he looked over joseph 's chart . 
 katherine sighed in relief . 
 she was ready to leave the hospital . 
 she knew getting her husband home would make all the difference . 
 he needed to be where their magic had blossomed . 
 he 'd found the land , built their dream home , created their babies , and solidified their love on that property . 
 it was a healing place , and she knew he 'd come back to her once she got him home . 
 `` thank you , doctor , '' katherine responded , not able to say anything more than that . 
 the process moved quickly and before she knew it , the ambulance drivers were there , getting joseph ready for transport . 
 `` we 're going home , my love , '' katherine whispered , a small smile on her face . 
 chapter sixteen day twenty-five `` i really need to speak to you for a few minutes . 
 let 's sneak out the back before someone else hollers , '' george said the minute esther walked through the front doors . 
 `` i agree , '' she responded and turned the corner with him . 
 `` dad , there you are . 
 aunt katherine needs your help , '' max said , running into the two of them before they could make an escape . 
 george blew out a frustrated breath , ready to explode . 
 it had been over three weeks since he 'd last been alone with esther . 
 he was at his wits end . 
 he 'd think the kids were purposely doing it , if it did n't seem so far-fetched . 
 `` ca n't you help her , '' he snapped . 
 `` what 's gotten into you ? 
 i 'm just the messenger . 
 you know she 's been stressed today with joseph coming home and all , '' max said as he held up his hands in defense . 
 george immediately felt bad for snapping at his son . 
 it was n't max 's fault that he was so frustrated . 
 he just wanted a few minutes to ask esther to marry him . 
 hopefully this time she 'd say yes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , max . 
 i guess with all that 's been going on , i 'm just more stressed than usual , '' george quickly apologized . 
 he looked longingly at esther , who gave him a sad smile and left . 
 one way or the other he was going to get her alone soon . 
 `` i almost feel bad . 
 you should see the looks the two of them have been giving each other . 
 i think our plan is working , though , '' max said as the group sat in the backyard , making sure they were away from any prying ears . 
 `` i 've had to bite my lip several times to keep from cracking up . 
 i have to give it to dad , though . 
 he 's a stubborn man . 
 i figured he would 've broken long before now . 
 esther , too . 
 she 's been sending him these looks of deep longing when she thinks no one 's watching , '' trenton added . 
 `` do you think we 're making the situation worse ? 
 what if they decide it 's just too difficult stop seeing each other ? '' 
 bree asked with worry . 
 `` that wo n't happen , bree . 
 once i knew you were the one for me , nothing was going to stand in my way , not even your overprotective , chest-pounding brothers , '' chad reassured her . 
 `` i have to give it to you , there , chad . 
 we put you through the wringer and you still stuck around , '' austin said with a laugh as he patted chad on the shoulder hard enough to push him forward . 
 `` you know you 're all just a bunch of softies , '' cassie said , looking adoringly at her husband . 
 `` they were n't so soft until you women got your clutches in them , '' austin said , puffing his chest out . 
 `` oh , your time is coming , austin , believe me , '' lucas piped in with a laugh . 
 `` nah , i 'm smarter than all of you , '' he returned . 
 `` speaking of which , how 's kinsey doing ? '' 
 mark asked with a knowing grin . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 dang woman is more trouble than she 's worth , '' austin broodingly replied . 
 `` hey , '' cassie snapped , instantly standing up for her friend . 
 `` i. . . 
 that 's not ... oh , crap . 
 sorry , cass , '' austin muttered . 
 `` i 'll let that one pass because it 's obvious you 're all kinds of crazy about her . 
 to ease your mind a bit , i think she 's just as crazy about you , '' cassie said with a reassuring smile . 
 austin looked at her hopefully . 
 he did n't want everyone to know how much he cared for kinsey , but he also did n't want to pass up the opportunity to learn something about her . 
 cassie was his in . 
 `` so , have you spoken to her lately ? '' 
 he asked in what he hoped was a casual tone . 
 `` of course . 
 she 's my best friend . 
 why do n't you talk to her yourself ? 
 she 'll be here in an hour , '' cassie said . 
 `` i thought she was n't going to take the job . 
 why did n't anyone tell me ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` did n't think it mattered to you . 
 what was it you just said ? 
 oh yeah , that she 's more trouble than she 's worth , '' alex said . 
 `` yeah , whatever , alex. as i recall , you were crawling on your hands and knees for a certain woman in this room not too many years ago , '' austin threw back at him . 
 `` smartest thing i ever did , '' alex said , not even the least bit embarrassed about his behavior . 
 `` i ca n't stand being around you guys anymore . 
 you 're all way too ... i do n't know , mushy , i guess , '' austin said as he got to his feet . 
 `` we love you too , '' bree said as she sent him an air kiss . 
 `` love ya , sis , '' austin said before shooting her a smile and taking off into the house . 
 as soon as austin was out of earshot , bree turned to the group with a huge smile . 
 `` once we get george and esther all situated , i say we have fun with austin and kinsey . 
 it 's obvious the two are meant to be together . 
 plus , i have to say this matchmaking stuff is kind of addicting , '' she said with excitement . 
 `` now , bree , we really should leave austin alone , '' trenton warned . 
 `` why ? 
 he was a pain in the arse when i was with chad . 
 i think he deserves a bit of interference from his family . '' 
 `` i know kinsey 's half in love with him , if not all the way . 
 i 'm game , '' cassie spoke up . 
 with the approval of her best friend , the group put their heads together to see what they could do to help the relationship along . 
 if joseph would 've been awake , he would have been so proud of them . 
 they were certainly following in his footsteps . 
 kinsey settled into her room , impressed by the luxurious suite the family had put her in . 
 she loved the soft purples katherine had used , from the curtains to the bedspread covering the king sized four-poster bed barely taking up any room in the spacious suite . 
 she walked over to the sitting area and grabbed the remote , pressing a button , causing a soothing fire to leap to life in the huge built in gas fireplace . 
 she was afraid she could get too comfortable in her room . 
 it was bigger than her entire apartment and certainly had much better furniture . 
 a knock on her door brought her out of her thoughts . 
 her body tensed as she made her way to it , afraid austin was on the other side . 
 she was n't ready to speak to him yet . 
 she did n't have any clue what she 'd say . 
 she slowly cracked it open , then let out a relieved breath as cassie pressed forward with a bag of chocolate in one hand , and coffee in the other . 
 her best friend knew her well . 
 `` i brought the important stuff . 
 i figure i 'll get you in a good mood first , then demand you spill your guts , '' cassie said , moving over to the sitting area and setting the items down . 
 kinsey smiled . 
 she knew there was no way her friend would leave her be until she dished her a plateful of the most delicious details , so she may as well get comfortable . 
 normally , she 'd rush to cassie to tell her everything , but this was different . 
 with cassie being related to austin , even through marriage , it made it seem a little awkward to complain about the guy , or to even tell her how mixed up her feelings were . 
 `` i 'm sure you have more important things to do than listen to my sorry tales , '' kinsey attempted to joke . 
 the look cassie gave her , quickly evaporated all humor from the air . 
 `` kinsey , we 've known each other too many years for you to even attempt to pull that . 
 we 've always come to each other , and we always will . 
 just because i 'm married to austin 's brother does n't mean you ca n't complain about him . 
 you 're my best friend , number one in my life . 
 never have we let a man come between us , and we certainly wo n't start now . 
 we can either do this the easy way or the hard way , but one way or the other , you will spill . '' 
 kinsey grinned at her best friend . 
 it was so nice to have her . 
 she knew it was a rare thing to have someone in your life you loved so deeply . 
 if cassie needed her to jump off a cliff with her , then kinsey would do it . 
 she knew the same held true in cassie 's mind , so she did n't know why she 'd felt hesitant in talking to her , even for one brief moment . 
 `` thank you , cassie , '' she said as she walked up and gave her a hug . 
 it would feel better to talk to someone . 
 she 'd managed to snowball her family , which was a first . 
 her visit home had been relaxing , and no one had figured out how stressed she was . 
 at least no one had called her on it . 
 she should 've known she 'd never get away with that with the one person who knew her more than even her brothers . 
 the two women sat on the couch and kinsey reached for the bag of chocolate , quickly grabbing a piece and ripping off the wrapper . 
 setting the chocolate on her tongue , she closed her eyes , savoring the flavor for a moment before speaking . 
 the only true way to eat chocolate . 
 she needed a sugar high to get through the upcoming conversation , too . 
 `` thanks , cassie . 
 that was just what i needed , '' kinsey said with a sigh of pleasure as the sweet chocolate melted on her tongue . 
 she picked up the coffee and took a sip to wash it down . 
 `` yeah , yeah , now speak , '' cassie said as she took her own piece of candy and sat back , making herself comfortable . 
 kinsey smiled at her , knowing cassie had made a stand . 
 it was n't worth it to hold out on her . 
 she 'd just drag out the information she wanted , anyway , so kinsey may as well get it over with . 
 `` i hope you have the rest of the day , '' kinsey joked , though she was n't far off . 
 `` we have a full bag of chocolate , hot coffee , and a comfortable seat . 
 i 'm in no hurry . '' 
 girding up her courage , kinsey grabbed a few more pieces of candy before she got comfortable . 
 this was going to take a while . 
 with a blush on her cheeks , she began . 
 this time she did n't hold anything back , telling cassie about the wedding night , the hospital , the lack of birth control . 
 she told her all of it . 
 an hour passed and she slumped back in her seat , completely drained . 
 she actually felt relief at getting it all out . 
 now , she could find out if she was as screwed as she thought she was . 
 `` give it to me , cass . 
 tell me how much i 've messed up , '' kinsey said as she looked at the stunned expression on cassie 's face . 
 `` dang , kinsey . 
 you 've been holding out on me . 
 first of all , i should scold you for not talking to me sooner . 
 secondly , i think my temperature rose a few degrees , there . 
 mmm , i may have to go admit max into a hospital so i can replay that sex scene . 
 holy mackerel , kinsey , that sounds so hot , '' cassie said while dramatically fanning her face . 
 `` of course , you 'd focus on that , '' kinsey said with a hint of pink in her cheeks . 
 she had to admit to herself , though , that it had been pretty spectacular . 
 `` what red-blooded woman would n't ? 
 okay , back to the present . 
 do you know what you 're going to do , yet ? 
 have you thought much about it ? 
 a baby , kinsey . 
 you could be carrying a child right at this very moment , '' cassie said in a somewhat dazed tone . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 've been pushing it from my head . 
 it 's so overwhelming , i do n't know what to think , '' kinsey admitted . 
 `` well , there 's no use stressing over it when you do n't know anything yet . 
 chances are , you are n't pregnant . 
 it does happen , but you 're probably worried over nothing . 
 more importantly , though , we need to talk about austin . 
 dang , girl , there 's enough steam between the two of you to heat this freaking house . '' 
 `` no . 
 it was just a fling . 
 we did n't even go on any dates . 
 it 's just that , well , he 's about as viral a man as it gets . 
 whenever i 'm around him , my panties practically burst into flames . 
 you ca n't build a relationship on that , though . 
 you know that , cass . 
 you have a perfect husband . '' 
 `` uh , do n't you remember how it was between max and i in the beginning . 
 i had to blackmail him for an interview , and then we got snowed in at a remote cabin in alaska and literally ripped each other 's clothes off . 
 talk about steam . 
 i 'd never in my life desired someone like i did him . 
 i still get all tingly even talking about it . 
 if you were n't my best friend , i 'd be running out of this room right now and dragging him into the nearest closet . 
 that 's definitely on my ` to do list ' now , thanks to you . '' 
 kinsey smiled , loving how open cassie was . 
 max adored her , and brought so much to her life . 
 `` sorry . 
 i got off track . 
 my point is that desire is good . 
 it 's healthy . 
 there 's nothing wrong with wanting to tear his clothes off , or him wanting you so bad , he 's in a constant state of arousal . 
 that should stroke your ego . 
 there are a lot of relationships built on far less than that . 
 if you ca n't stand to be with him once the lights come back on , then you have a problem , but that does n't seem to be the case with you . 
 at least that 's not what i 'm hearing . 
 do n't run away because you 're scared . 
 he 's not evil , kinsey , i promise . 
 that 's my two-cents . 
 of course , i 'm one-hundred-percent on your side , and if you want to castrate him , i 'll help you tie him down . '' 
 kinsey laughed . 
 it felt good to let her delight spill from her . 
 there really was nothing like a best friend willing to torture men for you . 
 she did n't know what she 'd do without her . 
 `` i guess i have a lot to think about , but for now , i 'm happier to put it on the back burner and take a few more days to breathe . 
 i 'm terrified to take that test , cass , '' kinsey admitted . 
 `` i 'll be here for you every step of the way . 
 i 'll even pick it up for you , '' cassie offered . 
 `` i 'll let you know . 
 i 'm not ready to take it yet . '' 
 `` it 's too soon . 
 i know they have those early detection pregnancy tests now , but i think you 're better off to wait , get a level head , and then do it . 
 that will give you time to think about what your next step will be . 
 you know , kinsey , you can always move in with us . 
 i know i 've offered before and you 've refused , saying i need my newlywed space and all , but i do n't want you going through this alone . 
 just think , our kids can grow up together , '' cassie said . 
 she 'd offered many times for kinsey to come live with her . 
 it had been great when it was just the two of them rooming in college , but they were adults now , and cassie was married . 
 kinsey just could n't do it . 
 `` i 'll keep that in mind . 
 now , get out of here so i can shower and go check on my patient . '' 
 `` okay , i get it . 
 you 're done talking for now . 
 i 'll see you at dinner . '' 
 kinsey 's stomach knotted again as she shut the door behind her friend . 
 she 'd forgotten about their big dinner that night . 
 they were celebrating joseph returning home , even though he was still in a coma . 
 katherine felt him coming home was the first true step of his recovery . 
 this was the dinner austin had demanded she come to with him . 
 she guessed he 'd gotten his way . 
 kinsey locked the door , then walked into the huge bathroom attached to her suite . 
 she turned on the tap and started filling the tub , which was big enough for four people . 
 as she sank into the sudsy water , her stress started melting away . 
 she laid her head back and pushed everything negative from her mind . 
 she had a couple hours of peace and she was taking full advantage of it . 
 austin sat at the huge table , his eyes repeatedly looking to the door . 
 kinsey was late . 
 he listened to the chaos surrounding him , catching a word here and there , but not much else . 
 he did n't know how any of them were having a conversation with everyone speaking at once . 
 it did n't matter , though . 
 he loved the chaos . 
 as he looked around at his siblings and cousins , and all of their spouses and children , he thought they were a pretty lucky group , indeed . 
 he could n't imagine how lonely life would be if it were n't for the people in that room . 
 the laughter , tears , and even anger , were a part of his life , and he would n't have it any other way . 
 he felt almost complete . 
 as kinsey finally made her entrance , he instantly knew what had been missing . 
 as much as he 'd fought it , rebelled against it , he wanted what the rest of his family members had . 
 he wanted a wife and kids . 
 he wanted what he could n't have . 
 unless ... he did n't want to go there . 
 she refused to even speak to him , so he could n't begin to think about whether they 'd be parents or not . 
 it was too soon . 
 only a week had passed . 
 it felt like a month . 
 he 'd made sure to leave an empty chair next to him , but as his bad luck would have it , there was also one empty spot next to emily . 
 of course , kinsey spotted it and made a beeline there . 
 she would n't even look up and acknowledge him . 
 food was served and conversation continued to pour in from every direction . 
 austin did n't pay much attention . 
 he knew he was acting sullen , but he did n't care . 
 `` i 've had enough . 
 everyone quiet ! '' 
 austin turned in shock to see his father standing at the head of the table . 
 katherine was looking down at her plate and smiling . 
 esther looked surprised , but also a bit proud . 
 austin gave his full attention to george . 
 he wanted to know what had gotten him so riled up . 
 `` you all know i love you . 
 i 'm grateful every day for the big family i 've been granted . 
 but right now , i could just whip each and every one of you . 
 i 've been trying and trying to get this beautiful woman alone for five minutes . 
 that 's all . 
 just five minutes . 
 but for the past month , there 's been emergency after emergency , '' george huffed as he glared at everyone . 
 heads turned back and forth between george , and a very red faced esther . 
 `` i 'm sorry to do it like this esther , but i love you . 
 i love you so much my heart swells when i have the slightest thought of you . 
 i ca n't pass a floral shop without wanting to go in and buy out the entire store . 
 i loved my late wife , as i know you loved your late husband , and i 'd never ask to replace him . 
 but , i 've been granted a second chance at happiness . 
 a chance to grow old in the arms of the woman i love . 
 i know you wanted to wait . 
 i know you 're worried about the family , and think i 'm being rash because of the accident . 
 but , dang it , woman , i love you . 
 i ca n't stand the thought of going even one more night without my lips touching yours . 
 i want to go to bed each night with you by my side , and wake up in the morning to the beauty of your face . 
 please make me the happiest man alive and say you 'll marry me ? '' 
 george asked as he got down on his knee in front of her . 
 tears were streaming down esther 's face as she looked at george . 
 you could 've heard a pin drop , it was so silent , as they waited to hear what she 'd say . 
 finally , her eyes lifted and she looked around the table , seemingly embarrassed to be the center of attention . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't ... '' she trailed off . 
 `` it 's about time you asked , george . 
 we 've been wondering what 's taking you so long , '' katherine said with an approving smile on her face . 
 everyone chorused their approval , smiling in encouragement at esther . 
 it seemed it was just what she needed because she turned back to george , love radiating from her . 
 `` yes , george , yes i 'd like to marry you . 
 i want all of that and more , '' she whispered . 
 everyone applauded and katherine signaled the staff to bring out the champaign and sparkling cider . 
 `` today is truly a day of celebration . 
 my joseph is home , where he can recover , and both of my friends have found happiness and healing with each other . 
 we are blessed , '' katherine said as she stood up and made a toast . 
 austin looked at his father , beaming with happiness as he took esther in his arms and kissed her . 
 for a moment he looked no older than his children . 
 the slight wrinkles on his face faded away , the graying of his hair gone . 
 he looked like a new man , ready to conquer the world . 
 austin was proud of his father for having the courage to not allow the woman he loved to get away . 
 he turned , looking for kinsey , but her seat was empty . 
 he did n't know what to do . 
 should he keep pursuing her ? 
 maybe , she really did n't want anything to do with him . 
 he just did n't know what was right or wrong . 
 he stayed with his family and celebrated long into the night , trying to forget his troubles for at least a few hours . 
 chapter seventeen `` ugh , i 'm so sorry i have n't been able to make it over sooner , but jasmine came down with the flu , so you know that meant isaiah got it , too . 
 it was pure luck i have n't gotten sick , '' amy said as she quickly came into the sitting room and found a seat . 
 `` i hate it when the kids are sick . 
 poor babies . 
 there 's not a whole lot you can do for them other than hold them close and keep giving them fluids , '' emily said with sympathy . 
 `` she 's already getting so big . 
 i ca n't believe she just turned eight . 
 where 's the time going ? '' 
 amy asked , a slight panic filling her eyes . 
 `` i know . 
 trevor is shooting up like a weed . 
 he 's my little boy . 
 i ca n't imagine what it 's going to be like when they hit their teen years , and then , even worse , go off to college , '' emily said . 
 `` i miss them already , '' jessica added , though her youngest was sitting on her lap , contentedly sucking on her thumb . 
 `` okay , enough complaining about the future . 
 i 've waited days for you to continue , mom . 
 thank you , everyone , for waiting on me . 
 it would 've killed me to be the only one not knowing what was happening . 
 i still ca n't believe dad was such a pain . 
 and i want to know what happened with uncle george . 
 how did they make up ? '' 
 amy asked . 
 katherine closed her eyes , obviously drifting into her past . 
 they waited . 
 `` i ran that night . '' 
 katherine began . 
 `` i was quickly losing my battle with myself to tell him no . 
 i loved joseph . 
 i had since the first night i was in his arms . 
 but , you see , there were a lot of misunderstandings , and i truly did believe he 'd only been with me because of a bet . 
 i did n't want to give him my heart when i thought all he wanted was to get me in his bed . 
 but each time i saw him , it was a little bit harder to walk away . 
 he had his own plans in the making , though , and like a headstrong man , he was going about things completely in the wrong way ... '' joseph slowly left the elevator , then walked from the building . 
 he could n't even think straight . 
 his thoughts were consumed with nothing but katherine . 
 if he was n't careful , he 'd lose his grandfather 's corporation . 
 he had to find a way to balance his life . 
 he just could n't think of how to convince katherine they should be together , while still keeping his head clear for the race ahead . 
 he 'd come to prove he could still have her , prove her wrong for walking away from him , but he was the one being proven wrong . 
 he needed her in a way that was neither healthy nor logical . 
 he wondered if it was just the chase . 
 was he enjoying the game ? 
 or was he truly incomplete without her ? 
 he drove to his property , his lips turning up as he looked at the calming presence of the water lapping on shore . 
 he 'd chosen right . 
 as he sat alone on the sandy shore , he turned and looked at his land , the moon shining down on one particular spot . 
 `` that 's it , '' he whispered as he rose to his feet and walked up the grassy slope . 
 he reached the spot and turned in all directions . 
 one way gave him a beautiful view of the water and the soothing sound of the lapping sea . 
 the opposite direction showed him the top of the snow covered mountain , standing high above the ground and offering a sense of protection . 
 he knew seattle was growing , and as it grew , more people would spread out further , overtaking the serene little island , but he could make his own paradise right there , build the perfect home , a place fit for a queen . 
 before he left that night , he had it all planned . 
 all he had to do was begin making phone calls . 
 within a couple weeks , his palace would start rising . 
 he 'd be there to ensure it was perfect . 
 he hung his head as he made the decision to stay away from katherine for a while . 
 he had to save his grandfather 's company . 
 he could n't distract her , or let himself be distracted . 
 soon , though , soon they 'd be together . 
 with that thought , he walked to his car and got in . 
 he had a long week ahead of him and much to do . 
 katherine was mortified as she walked in her door and quickly shut it . 
 she could n't believe she 'd done something so foolish as to practically make love to joseph in a public elevator . 
 she really wanted to find out if there was a camera in there , but if she started asking , then people would wonder why . 
 hopefully , she was just making the situation into something it was n't . 
 so what if there was a camera , she tried to reason . 
 it was n't like any clothes had come off . 
 he 'd kissed her . 
 yes , it had been beyond hot , but that 's where it had stopped . 
 she shuddered to think what would 've happened had they not been interrupted . 
 she lost her mind too easily when he was around . 
 katherine climbed into the shower , and then quickly into bed . 
 the last week had been exhausting and she instantly fell asleep , for once too tired to even dream . 
 `` katherine , do you have those numbers ? '' 
 `` yes , one minute , '' she replied , looking through her desk for the requested document . 
 `` what 's going on , katherine ? 
 this is n't like you , '' her boss asked as he stepped in her small office . 
 no , it was n't like her , katherine had to admit . 
 lack of sleep , mixed with stress was n't helping her a bit . 
 she had n't seen joseph in a month . 
 not a phone call , not at the meetings , not at all . 
 she sure heard his name often , though , as he was quickly rising to the top of the board 's favorite candidate . 
 the closer it came time to elect their new ceo , the more times she heard joseph 's name . 
 she desperately wanted the decision over with so she could get on with her life . 
 she knew the minute he was elected , and she had no doubts , he would be , she 'd turn in her resignation , no notice given . 
 there was no way she could continue working in the building he was in every day . 
 it would eventually turn her into only a shell of the person she once was . 
 as it was , she was only operating on half her brain function from just the stress of knowing he was in town . 
 he must 've gotten tired of chasing her , because he 'd taken her last rejection seriously and had n't contacted her again after the elevator . 
 she should be thrilled , but instead , she was heartbroken all over again . 
 she did n't understand . 
 he was giving her what she wanted , but she knew that truly what she wanted , was for him to tell her he was in love with her , always had been and always would be . 
 she hoped he could somehow explain the awful bet , tell her he had n't meant it . 
 it was all wishful thinking and obviously not going to happen . 
 `` katherine ? '' 
 she snapped out of her reverie and looked at her boss , who was looking at her like she 'd lost her mind . 
 maybe she had . 
 only time would tell . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir . 
 i have n't been able to sleep the last few nights . 
 i should probably go see my doctor soon , '' she tried to explain . 
 it sounded weak , even to her own ears . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that . 
 are you up for working today ? '' 
 she knew he was n't threatening her , but honestly asking if she needed to take the rest of the afternoon off . 
 she had too much to catch up on , though , and could n't leave . 
 `` no , i 'll be fine , sir . 
 here 's the paperwork . 
 is there anything else you need right now ? '' 
 she asked , hoping the answer was no . 
 `` actually , i 'm a bit afraid to bring it up , but joseph has scheduled a talk with the board . 
 he has some ideas to turn around the downward spiral the stocks have taken . 
 with them dropping points each day , this is important , and all the board members need to be there , '' he apologized . 
 `` i understand , just give me the time and place , '' she told him . 
 he did n't need to know how even the mention of joseph 's name had her stomach knotting . 
 her boss left , and then she got buried in her work , starting to run behind , making it impossible for her to make it to the meeting on time . 
 katherine called joseph 's secretary and left him a message , letting him know she 'd be an hour late . 
 she had to smile , knowing it would probably irritate him , since he normally waited for no one . 
 by the time she got out of the office , she hoped she 'd be able to get a taxi . 
 it took a bit longer , but finally one pulled up . 
 she hoped he knew the address , because she did n't recognize it . 
 as she climbed inside the car , she handed him the paper , and he assured her he knew exactly where he was going . 
 as the driver began leaving the city , katherine became more nervous . 
 when they reached the floating bridge , leading to mercer island , she was perplexed . 
 she 'd never been there before for a business meeting and hoped the driver was n't getting her lost . 
 `` are you sure you looked at the address correctly ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . 
 i double checked . 
 this is the location , '' he responded . 
 he turned down a long driveway , and finally stopped the car in front of a small , older home . 
 what was joseph thinking ? 
 she was afraid to leave the car . 
 `` okay , find a place to park and wait for me . 
 i 'm not sure how long this will take , but i 'll pay the waiting fee , '' she said before climbing out the door he held open for her . 
 he agreed before climbing back into the driver 's side and slumping in his seat . 
 she nervously walked to the open front door . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 there was n't an answer . 
 she turned to look back down the road , debating with whether to leave or not and just deal with the consequences . 
 finally , her business ethic won out and she stepped inside . 
 she followed the sound of the soft music coming from the back . 
 walking through a small kitchen first , then an even smaller living room , led her to an open patio door . 
 she stepped through and found a large table in the lit up back yard . 
 upon closer inspection , she found food and drinks , so this had to be the place . 
 no one was around , though . 
 had she been so late , they finished without her . 
 if they had , why had n't anyone called to tell her she did n't need to come ? 
 she 'd left the message saying she 'd be late . 
 `` i 'm glad you could make it , katherine . '' 
 she tensed , her entire body reacting to joseph 's simple words . 
 if he bottled that sex appeal , women around the world would be buying it up for their men , spraying a little on late at night , especially after a particularly hard day , when they needed to feel something other than exhaustion . 
 pure passion - that 's what he invoked , from the souls of her feet , all the way to her brain . 
 she had to fight the yearning his presence inspired in her . 
 katherine slowly turned to find him silhouetted in the doorway . 
 his frame was eating up the small space , his stance confident , man-of-the-manor strong . 
 he was stunning , whether in a suit and tie , or the casual clothes he was wearing . 
 it did n't matter . 
 he was joseph - the man she 'd always love , but never have . 
 her heart pounded , and her voice fled as she felt his powerful presence wash over her . 
 what was she thinking coming to the meeting ? 
 she could n't possibly keep fighting the burning need she felt for him , not even after being distanced from him for a month . 
 `` you 're late , '' he said as he stepped forward . 
 his motion snapped her out of her trance and she walked slowly around the table . 
 she did n't want him to realize her distress , but she needed something solid between them . 
 it gave her the illusion of protection . 
 `` i notified you i would be , '' she finally said as he kept the same steady motion forward , only stopping when he reached the table , standing directly across from her . 
 from the rise of his brow , he was n't fooled by her seemingly casual movements . 
 needing something to do with her hands , she reached for a full glass on the table , not caring what was in it , just needing to do anything to break the awkward moment . 
 she lifted it to her lips , taking a sip of the sweet wine , feeling the warmth slide down her throat . 
 it was surprisingly good so she took a larger swallow . 
 not normally a drinker , she hoped to gain an ounce of courage from the drink . 
 `` this is a strange location for a meeting , '' she commented when he said nothing else . 
 `` i purchased it a month ago . 
 i thought it was a great location . 
 private , with no chance of anyone showing up . 
 it 's been very conducive for business this evening . '' 
 `` that 's a positive , i suppose . '' 
 she took another sip , then realized she 'd drained the cup . 
 she set it down and watched as his large hands removed the bottle sitting on ice , and he refilled her cup . 
 she really should n't pick it back up , but her brain was short-circuiting at the moment . 
 once it was filled to the top , she reached for the glass again , this time sipping slowly on the red sweetness . 
 `` where 's the rest of the board ? '' 
 she asked , not able to handle being alone with him any longer . 
 `` i have a large tent set up to the north where we met . 
 come with me , '' he said , stepping to the side of the table and holding out his arm . 
 there was no way she was taking it , so instead , she took a step back and followed him . 
 he moved quickly through a side gate , and a small distance before her , she saw a large white tent , something seen at a wedding or other big event . 
 there were lights inside , but she still saw no movement . 
 that 's when it hit her . 
 they were gone . 
 she was there , alone with joseph , just what she 'd been trying desperately to avoid . 
 as they reached the entrance , she stopped , knowing she did n't want to go inside . 
 what was he planning ? 
 `` where is everyone ? '' 
 she asked , furious with herself for the small tremor in her voice . 
 `` the meeting adjourned about a half-hour ago , '' he stated as if it were obvious . 
 `` then why was n't i notified ? 
 was this your plan ? '' 
 `` katherine , you were the one who was late . 
 i ca n't control how short or long the meeting lasts . 
 there were no arguments , so we moved quickly . '' 
 he spoke as if he were talking to a scared child , as if she was acting ridiculous for questioning his integrity . 
 he 'd tricked her into coming to his home , where they were completely alone , not even a neighbor within shouting distance . 
 `` you should 've cancelled . 
 there 's no reason for me to be here , '' she accused . 
 `` i want you here , katherine . 
 i want to show you something . '' 
 the way he said the words sent longing to her very soul . 
 how she wished he meant what he said . 
 she knew he wanted her . 
 he made no secret of that fact , but she needed more than that . 
 she needed what he was n't capable of giving her . 
 joseph closed the small space between them and grabbed her hand . 
 she dropped the empty glass , but he did n't give her time to pick it back up . 
 she realized her head was slightly fuzzy from the strong wine . 
 that was another mistake she 'd made . 
 she should 've never drank anything that would weaken her defenses . 
 when around joseph she had to stay strong , aware , and fully protective of herself . 
 she tried pulling away , but he moved forward as if she was n't struggling against him . 
 `` look , '' he pointed . 
 she glared at him before finally turning her head . 
 what she saw made her gasp . 
 what was he building ? 
 there were endless walls being built out of stone , beautiful gray stone at varying levels of completion . 
 on one end , a large tower was underway , the circle wide as it reached toward the sky . 
 machinery stood everywhere , ready to begin work again come morning light , but she got the idea . 
 he was building a castle , a king arthur , nights-of-the-round-table , gigantic castle . 
 it was going to be stunning . 
 she realized it was fitting for joseph . 
 if they were to have a king in america , he 'd be first in line , so it stood to reason , he 'd need a place fit for royalty . 
 she fought her expression from showing her awe . 
 she did n't want him to know how impressed she was . 
 he 'd obviously brought her there to romance her with it all , but why , was her number one question . 
 why would he go so far just to get her in his bed ? 
 `` why bring me here , joseph ? '' 
 for one moment , she let her guard down . 
 she may end up regretting it . 
 `` to show you your future home . '' 
 her heart sped up as he spoke softly , his voice drifting over her , the magic of the moment wanting to seduce her . 
 this is n't real , she told herself . 
 how can any of this be real ? 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 you 're doing all of this to take me to your bed ? '' 
 joseph turned her in his arms , his expression confused . 
 he leaned forward and lightly kissed her lips , the gesture so sweet , she felt tears sting her eyes . 
 she was dying inside . 
 this moment , this perfect moment , with the only man she would ever love , would destroy her . 
 because to walk away from him again would deplete her of any remaining life . 
 he 'd win his game , she always knew he would , but the price was too high for her to pay . 
 the price was her soul . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he answered as he caressed her lips again . 
 she stopped fighting . 
 all she wanted was to give him the rest of her and then face the aftermath later , much later . 
 she moved her arms around his neck , and relinquished all control ... `` what do you mean , you gave yourself over to him ? 
 i 'm so lost right now . 
 please go on , aunt katherine . 
 you ca n't possibly make us wait another hour , let alone another day or two , '' bree commanded . 
 there were several affirmative responses to her outburst . 
 everyone was focused on katherine , who 'd stopped speaking . 
 they waited for several minutes , but she still had n't continued . 
 maybe she was lost in thought and would start back up . 
 `` i 'm sorry , everyone . 
 i 'm tired . 
 i need to go lay next to my husband , now , '' katherine said before she wearily rose to her feet . 
 to the astonishment of everyone in the room , she walked out the door . 
 `` my stomach hurts , i 'm so nervous . 
 this is ridiculous . 
 it 's not like we do n't know how the story ends , but i ca n't figure out how they got it all settled . 
 did he finally profess his love ? 
 did george come back around ? 
 do any of you know ? 
 you have to know , lucas . 
 you 're the oldest , '' emily said as she turned to her brother-in-law . 
 `` i 've never heard the story before . 
 i 'm just as intrigued as you are , '' he answered . 
 `` i guess there 's nothing else we can do . 
 we ca n't force her to talk , '' alex said , earning him a glare from his wife . 
 `` i better get home , anyway . 
 even though the kids are feeling better , they still want their mom when they 've had a bad week , '' amy said with reluctance . 
 lucas got up to help her with her coat . 
 the rest of them slowly gathered their things and walked out the door together . 
 austin stood in the hallway , looking from the stairs to the front door , undecided on what he should do . 
 he knew staying in the house would cause too much temptation for him , though . 
 reluctantly , he put on his coat and followed the rest of his family . 
 chapter eighteen the days were quickly fading into weeks . 
 kinsey had n't seen austin at the house since the dinner . 
 she tried telling herself she was glad he was respecting her wishes , giving her what she wanted . 
 she knew she was lying to herself . 
 her hand strayed to her stomach as wonder and fear spread through her , adding to her confusion . 
 she did n't know anything yet , but she was late . 
 she was just too scared to take the test . 
 if she was pregnant , she had zero answers on what she was going to do next . 
 it was all so overwhelming . 
 she knew it was n't healthy to pretend it was a non-matter , but she did n't care . 
 it helped ease her mind . 
 kinsey stepped outside into the cool evening air . 
 it had rained all day , leaving the grounds smelling fresh , washing away any scent of the city drifting over . 
 she loved joseph 's home . 
 she found it fascinating that he 'd managed to create such a serene setting in one of the most bustling cities in the united states . 
 she walked down the path leading to the semi-private beach . 
 she spent most of her off time there . 
 something about the waves crashing on the shore soothed her . 
 she found one of the chairs joseph had set up , then closed her eyes and let the gentle breeze and soothing sounds hypnotize her into a sense of peace . 
 when she opened her eyes , she saw a small boat on the water , slowly moving along the calm surface . 
 she decided she needed to try that sometime . 
 if sitting on the shore was soothing , drifting on the water had to be even better , the motion lulling any and all worries away . 
 soon , her thoughts drifted back to austin . 
 she wondered where he 'd been . 
 did he already have someone new he was pursuing ? 
 one of the reasons she had n't wanted to date him , was for the fact that it was common knowledge he never had trouble finding a new woman for his arm . 
 he was rarely spotted with the same date two weekends in a row . 
 she could n't stand the thought of being another scratch in his little black book . 
 she shook her head , refusing to let her thoughts stray . 
 she could n't do that , not if she wanted to maintain her sanity . 
 `` do you know the andersons ? '' 
 kinsey sat straight up as a deep voice rumbled at her . 
 she turned to see a large man staggering down the beach toward her . 
 he was huge , had n't shaved in at least a week , and from the smells drifting in her direction , he 'd obviously been drinking . 
 he was less than twenty feet from her when she realized her danger . 
 she did n't know this man , but he obviously knew the anderson family , and from his tone , he was n't a fan . 
 his eyes were locked in on her as she slowly got to her feet . 
 she felt a shudder of fear drift down her spine . 
 she was probably being ridiculous , but she thought her safest bet was to get away as fast as possible . 
 if he was harmless , no harm done , but if he was out to hurt someone , she did n't want to be in his path . 
 `` hey ! 
 i asked if you know the anderson 's , the rich snobs , '' he shouted as he took a menacing step closer . 
 okay , her instincts had been right . 
 he was n't there to sell girl scout cookies - that was for sure . 
 she did n't know what the right answer would be . 
 she did n't want to tell him , that yes she knew them , was staying in their house , in fact , but she did n't have a good lie to explain why she was on their property . 
 `` i , um ... yes , i know who they are , '' she finally stuttered , her teeth chattering from both fear and the cold . 
 she 'd only wanted a private moment , like she 'd had many times over the last couple weeks . 
 she had n't even bothered bringing her phone . 
 she 'd gotten too comfortable on the little slice of paradise . 
 living in the city , she normally was n't so stupid as to leave herself so vulnerable . 
 he took another step toward her as his gaze shot up the hill to where the top of the mansion clearly showed . 
 she knew that people from the top floor could look down on the beach , but there was no reason anyone would be doing so right now . 
 all they 'd see , anyway , was two small figures . 
 the light was fading from the sky and soon they 'd only be able to see shadows . 
 if the drunken man grabbed her , and someone did happen to look out the window , they would just assume it was two lovers . 
 she 'd seen a few since her arrival . 
 young men often liked to impress their dates with a beautiful sunset , followed by some steamy make-out time . 
 kinsey took a couple steps around the chair , trying to place distance between her and the crazy man . 
 his eyes were surprisingly alert for as drunk as he obviously was . 
 they darted after her , watching her every movement . 
 she looked up the hill in anticipation of bolting to the top . 
 hopefully , in his condition , he would n't be able to catch her . 
 she had n't exercised nearly as much as she should lately , but she was in pretty good shape . 
 `` i 'm running late . 
 it was good talking to you , but i have to go ... '' she turned toward the house and took a few steps , when her arm was gripped so tight she was sure it would bruise , and her body whipped around to face him . 
 he was inches from her as he glared in her face , his breath was making her stomach roll , causing her to fight the urge to throw up . 
 she did n't know what he 'd do if she puked down the front of his shirt . 
 `` wait . 
 why are you in such a hurry ? 
 are you one of them ? '' 
 he thundered , spit flying from his mouth in his fury . 
 kinsey froze , going from frightened to terrified . 
 this guy was n't in control of himself , and she was afraid he was going to snap , if he had n't already . 
 she did n't want to provoke him any further . 
 `` i just have to go , '' she said , trying to sound calm . 
 she felt the bile rising in her throat and tried to hold her breath . 
 `` i need to see the andersons . 
 they ... they did something bad , really bad . 
 i got ta settle a score . 
 are you a friend , maybe a wife or girlie friend ? '' 
 he asked , his words picking up force as he finished . 
 he eyeballed her as if seeing how much she was worth , what use she could be to him . 
 she decided to be somewhat honest . 
 then maybe he 'd let her go . 
 `` i just work for them . 
 i 'm not involved or anything . 
 i only work for them temporarily . 
 i barely just started , '' she explained quietly . 
 her words seemed to send him into a whole other realm of anger , which she could n't understand . 
 why would he be mad that she worked for them ? 
 `` did you take my job ? 
 are you my replacement ! '' 
 he screamed . 
 the fury on his blotched face left her speechless . 
 he was going to hurt her , hurt her badly if she did n't manage to get away . 
 kinsey tugged on her arm as she moved her foot backward , pulling for all she was worth . 
 his fingers just tightened more , trapping her . 
 he was too strong . 
 the situation began to feel hopeless . 
 he took a staggering step toward the water , dragging her feet in the sand . 
 her body shook with real fear at the thought of him throwing her in , or worse yet , holding her under . 
 `` no , no i did n't take your job . 
 i 'm a nurse , that 's all , a nurse , '' she said as she finally found her voice . 
 `` a nurse ? 
 is one of 'em sick ? '' 
 he asked , an evil sort of glee filling his eyes at the thought . 
 `` yes . 
 joseph 's very sick , '' she replied . 
 all she needed was for him to be distracted for a couple seconds , just long enough for her to get free . 
 she 'd run for all she was worth . 
 `` good , good , that 's good , '' he kept repeating . 
 kinsey continued to tug on her arm , but it was useless . 
 her fingers were starting to tingle from the lack of blood circulating to her hand . 
 at least he 'd been distracted enough to stop moving . 
 she eyed the water , only a short distance away . 
 if he lowered her in it , she ... she could n't even begin to have those thoughts . 
 `` why do n't we walk up to the house together ? 
 you can talk to whoever has upset you , '' she tried to reason . 
 `` why would you want to do that for me ? '' 
 he asked , looking at her suspiciously . 
 he was so drunk , he could n't properly reason . 
 `` because you look like you need to talk . 
 it sounds like whatever they did , really upset you . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah they did me wrong . 
 i was just trying to make some extra money , that 's all . 
 they have themselves tons of money . 
 way more than one family needs or deserves . 
 why 'd they have to fire me over a few lousy bucks ! 
 it did n't hurt them any , '' he slurred , his words jumbled and hard to understand . 
 `` yes , too much money . 
 let 's fix this , '' she urged . 
 `` okay , '' he agreed . 
 as he released her , she felt a shooting pain in her arm , where the blood rushed back through . 
 it hurt almost worse than his grip had . 
 she could n't focus on that , though . 
 she had to get away from him before he changed his mind . 
 she had to get to the house and warn the family he was there . 
 kinsey took off running , not taking even a second to turn around and check on him . 
 she knew that giving him any advantage could cost her , her life . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 he shouted , his voice sounding too close . 
 her vision blurred as tears welled up in her eyes , then spilled over . 
 how was he moving so fast ? 
 he could barely even walk , but he was right behind her . 
 kinsey screamed out in pain as his fingers gripped the back of her hair , quickly halting her forward motion as her neck snapped backward . 
 `` you whore ! '' 
 he shouted , spinning her around . 
 his eyes were wide , bulging from their sockets , his mouth opening and closing . 
 if he 'd been angry before , it was nothing to what he was now . 
 he raised his arm and then she only saw stars , moments before she blacked out . 
 her last thought was that she 'd thought seeing stars was only an expression . 
 austin stepped into the yard and looked around . 
 his aunt had said kinsey had been gone an hour . 
 katherine was worried because kinsey said she 'd only be thirty minutes . 
 he picked up his pace as he looked around the yard . 
 the light was quickly fading and he wanted to spot her before his visibility was gone . 
 katherine said kinsey often walked down to the beach . 
 that was his first place to look . 
 he was taking the familiar path down when he heard something . 
 he stopped for a moment and strained his ears . 
 it sounded like a man 's voice , but he could n't hear what he was saying . 
 he picked up his pace , wondering who 'd be out there . 
 it was private property and no one was supposed to be on this section of beach except them . 
 as he got closer , he heard the male voice shout for someone to stop , then he heard a female scream . 
 terror seized him as he realized kinsey was in trouble . 
 he started sprinting down the path , hoping he was n't too late . 
 as he rounded the corner , he saw a large man grab the back of kinsey 's hair and whip her around , then slam his hand into her face . 
 austin saw red . 
 he charged forward as kinsey fell to the ground and the man lifted his leg as if he were going to kick her . 
 what kind of beast would do that to a woman ? 
 austin dived into the guy 's chest a second before his foot connected , sending the two of them flying several feet in the air before they landed on the ground with a hard thud . 
 austin did n't waste any time . 
 he slammed his fist into the guy 's jaw , then his cheek . 
 the man went still beneath him . 
 it was only then that austin realized it was his fired employee , jack . 
 he jumped off him , grabbing his phone and calling for an ambulance as he raced back to kinsey . 
 he felt her pulse , breathing a sigh of relief that it was beating strong . 
 she started to stir as he rubbed his hands along her arms and legs , checking for any other wounds . 
 `` ouch , '' she cried when his fingers brushed over her upper arm . 
 he moved her shirt out of the way , then swore when he saw the angry red flesh . 
 he wanted to go over and pound on jack a few more times . 
 the idiot deserved it . 
 instead , he cradled kinsey 's head on his lap while he placed a quick call to the house and told his cousin to bring a blanket . 
 `` kinsey , are you okay ? 
 can you talk ? '' 
 `` my head hurts , '' she mumbled as her eyes opened a slit . 
 `` i 'm sorry , kinsey . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 what did he do to you ? '' 
 `` he was really mad at your family . 
 he thought maybe i was a part of it . 
 i do n't know . 
 he was very drunk , '' she murmured . 
 `` it 's okay , kinsey . 
 we 'll talk later . 
 just close your eyes and rest . 
 the ambulance is on the way , '' he reassured her . 
 for the first time ever , she did as he asked and closed her eyes . 
 if he was n't so panicked , he may have even smiled . 
 `` what in the hell is going on ? '' 
 lucas asked as he came skidding to a stop in front of them . 
 he quickly placed the blanket around kinsey before looking over at jack . 
 `` an ex - employee , who was n't happy about being fired , i do n't know much right now . 
 kinsey said he was drunk and looking for a fight . 
 i think she just happened to be in his way , '' austin explained . 
 `` you knock him out ? '' 
 `` damn right , '' austin said , feeling the rage boil up again . 
 he did n't think he 'd ever get the image of her falling to the ground out of his head . 
 her terrified scream would surely haunt him for years to come . 
 `` good . 
 you carry her up to the house . 
 i 'll stay with this piece of crap . '' 
 `` thanks , lucas . '' 
 austin stood , easily lifting kinsey into his arms . 
 he walked up the hill to the gravel service road , then followed it toward the house . 
 he could hear the sirens in the distance , so he picked up his pace . 
 he reached the back door at the same time they pulled into the driveway . 
 he quickly went through the house and met them out front . 
 the paramedics took over , getting her on the gurney and taking her vitals . 
 he stood back watching , overwhelmed with helplessness . 
 `` are you allergic to anything , ma'am . '' 
 `` no , '' she mumbled . 
 `` my head hurts . 
 my arm does , too , but my head feels like it 's going to burst , the pain is so bad . '' 
 `` we can give you a shot in just a moment . 
 i need to ask a couple more questions first , '' he reassured her . 
 when the police arrived , austin reluctantly left kinsey in the care of the paramedics and approached the deputy to explain where jack was knocked out . 
 after giving a brief statement , he went back to kinsey to find her sleeping on the gurney as they loaded her in the ambulance . 
 `` you can either ride with us or follow , but she wo n't know the difference . 
 she 'll be out for a few hours , '' the man said . 
 austin did n't want to be separated from her , but knew he 'd need his car . 
 `` i 'll follow , thanks , '' he replied , then watched as they shut the door . 
 austin did n't waste any time in jumping in his car and catching up to the emergency vehicle . 
 he did n't want her out of his sight , not until he was assured she was okay . 
 especially , since it was his fault she was in that condition . 
 he 'd never had an employee attack before . 
 yes , there were threats on his life , on all their lives , but never before had a disgruntled employee actually carried out one of those threats . 
 he 'd learned a valuable lesson that night , and it was n't fair that kinsey had to pay the price . 
 anger still coursed through his veins . 
 he tried to calm himself down as he followed behind the flashing lights , their red and blue pattern somehow soothing , at least giving him something else to focus on . 
 austin sat in the waiting room for hours . 
 not what seemed like hours , but literally hours . 
 he was getting ready to haul a doctor against a wall if he did n't hear anything soon . 
 he was n't a patient man on a normal day , and his day so far had been anything but normal . 
 `` mr. anderson ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 that 's me , '' he said as he faced the approaching doctor . 
 `` sorry about the wait . 
 i understand you 're the one who came in with ms. shelton ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` are you family ? '' 
 `` well , it 's complicated , '' he hedged . 
 the doctor looked at him for a few moments as if trying to decide on what he should or should n't say . 
 being that austin was the one who 'd come in with her , the doctor conceded , `` she has deep bruising on her arm . 
 it 's going to be sore for a while . 
 from my understanding , her attacker hit her in the face . 
 she has a slight crack in her cheekbone , but it will heal . 
 until then , she 's going to have swelling and it 's bruised pretty deep . 
 she 's going to be sore for a few days . 
 at this time we do n't see any brain damage or anything else wrong . '' 
 austin wanted to punch something , as rage boiled . 
 he knew that piece of crap was somewhere in the hospital and he wanted nothing more than to hunt him down and do some major damage . 
 `` ms. shelton has agreed to press charges , which is good . 
 we have the cops with her attacker now . 
 he 'll go from here to jail . 
 i 'm not supposed to say this , but you broke his jaw , '' the doctor said . 
 he did n't look heartbroken over it . 
 `` thank you , '' austin told him , feeling a bit better that jack was n't getting off pain free . 
 `` she 's being moved to a room for the night . 
 we 'd like to keep an eye on her in case there was something we initially missed . '' 
 with that , the doctor left and austin walked to the front desk , receiving directions to her room . 
 he walked the long hallway , then hesitated outside her door . 
 he did n't know what kind of reaction he was going to get from her . 
 he knew he could n't go in there showing the anger he was feeling . 
 of course , it was n't projected at her , but she still did n't need to see it . 
 he stepped inside to find her sitting up in bed . 
 her head turned when he came through the doorway , and their eyes locked together . 
 fury once again overwhelmed him at the bruising on her arm and the deep purple overtaking the left side of her face . 
 `` hey , '' he lamely said . 
 `` thank you , austin , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , kinsey . 
 i should 've been there sooner . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you got there when you did . 
 i have a feeling i 'd be a whole lot worse off , otherwise , '' she said as a tremble racked her body . 
 he wanted to take her pain away , to hold her . 
 he walked to her bed and sat down with her watching him warily . 
 `` i ca n't believe he touched you , '' austin growled . 
 `` i 'm fine , austin . 
 really , i am . 
 my face and arm are a bit sore , but i 'm fine , '' she promised . 
 `` when i saw him hit you , i. . . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm just glad you happened to be around , '' she interrupted . 
 he should be grateful she was admitting she was happy to see him , even if it had taken her getting attacked first . 
 his hand came up and gently caressed the uninjured side of her face . 
 her eyes grew wider as she took in a deep breath and watched him . 
 `` kinsey , '' he practically begged her . 
 `` i ca n't ... '' `` i just ... i need ... '' austin stopped trying to vocalize how he was feeling and he leaned in and gently took her lips with his . 
 she did n't try to stop him . 
 he did n't want to hurt her any further , but he needed to taste her lips , needed to reassure himself she was really okay , that she was there with him . 
 if something worse would 've happened , he did n't know what he 'd do . 
 he could n't let himself even think about it . 
 he leaned closer , his hand moving to stroke the back of her neck , his touch on her lips careful as he slid his tongue along her bottom lip . 
 it was n't about passion or fulfillment , it was about reassuring himself she was real , she was there , she was his . 
 he felt heat rush through him , a warmth that seemed to focus on his heart , and enlarge it ten times its normal size . 
 finally , he pulled back and slowly opened his eyes to look at her face . 
 she opened her own eyes as if she were in a trance , gazing at him with such wonder and awe in her expression , that if he had n't been sitting already , her look would 've knocked him to his knees . 
 `` let me stay here with you , kinsey . 
 let me hold you . '' 
 she looked at him as the fog started to clear . 
 her eyes filled with tears - pain , need , confusion all mixed in her expression . 
 he knew the answer before she uttered the word . 
 he was tempted to kiss her again , to prevent her from saying it . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why ? 
 why do we have to make this complicated ? 
 it 's just one night , '' he asked . 
 he 'd never before begged a woman for anything , but she was causing all kinds of firsts for him , it seemed . 
 `` it 's just too ... complicated . 
 one night wo n't fix or change anything . '' 
 `` we want each other , kinsey . 
 we care about each other . 
 it does n't need to be more complicated than that , '' he said . 
 he felt a glimmer of hope at the hesitation in her eyes . 
 `` for you , it 's easy , austin . 
 you see what you want and you go for it , no questions asked . 
 i 'm not that way . 
 i 'm honestly not that girl from the wedding . 
 i do n't know why i did what i did that night . 
 i do n't know why i 've continued to lose control with you since , but that 's not me . 
 this is me , right here , right now . 
 i 'm not exciting and glamorous . 
 i 'm not a jump in the nearest closet kind of girl . 
 as soon as the chase is over , you 'll lose interest . 
 the girl you keep chasing , the fling you 're wanting is n't real , '' she said , her voice hoarse from what he was sure was unshed tears . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i think you 're lying . 
 i think you 're lying to yourself and to me . 
 you say none of this has been real ? '' 
 he questioned . 
 while looking into her eyes , he placed his hand over her stomach , causing her to gasp . 
 good . 
 he wanted to shake her up , not much , just a little . 
 `` this is as real as it gets . 
 you might be carrying my child , kinsey . 
 the sex did n't happen in a dream , or my imagination . 
 the explosion between us , every time we 're within five miles of each other , is n't fake . 
 you can try and build your walls , that 's fine , but do n't you dare insult me . 
 do n't you dare tell me it 's all been nothing but a dream . '' 
 he knew he was on the edge of a cliff , barely holding on . 
 he also knew he should n't take out his anger on her , but he was mad , mad at just about everything right then . 
 he leaned back as he ran his fingers through his hair . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 austin looked up as she whispered the word . 
 `` i 'm tired , so tired of everything . 
 i do n't want to fight any more tonight . 
 i do n't want to think . 
 i just want you to hold me , '' she whispered , fear present in her eyes . 
 he did n't say anything else , just took off his jacket and climbed in next to her . 
 as he pulled her into his arms , he felt a weight lift from his shoulders . 
 he woke up in the early dawn hours and slipped from the room . 
 they both needed to figure out what they wanted , but he was n't going to push her anymore . 
 he 'd made his intentions clear ; now the ball was in her court . 
 when kinsey woke in the morning , austin was gone , leaving her heart aching , though she tried telling herself it was for the best . 
 still , she could n't stop the tears from falling at the sudden loneliness consuming her . 
 while she was trying to eat her breakfast a couple hours later , a knock sounded on her door , making her eagerly look up . 
 instead of austin , several people silently stepped inside the room with big grins on their faces , all carrying huge bouquets of flowers and balloons . 
 by the time they were finished , her room looked like a florist shop . 
 one of the people handed her a card , then they left as quickly as they 'd come . 
 with shaking fingers , she opened the envelope and pulled out the note . 
 i 'm sorry you were hurt . 
 get better soon . 
 austin that was it ? 
 she flipped the card around , looking to see if anything else was on the other side . 
 nothing . 
 she did n't know what to think . 
 he was sending her massive amounts of flowers , but he was gone , and his note was so impersonal . 
 was he saying goodbye ? 
 kinsey lay back down and cried herself to sleep , still no closer to finding any answers . 
 chapter nineteen `` you should still be resting , not coming back to work so soon , '' katherine scolded kinsey two days later when she walked in the room to check on joseph . 
 `` i know this sounds silly , so please bear with me , but i 've missed him . 
 i 've grown quite attached to joseph , and being away the last couple of days , i felt ... i do n't know ... just - off , '' kinsey said with a shrug . 
 she checked his charts , reassuring herself the temp nurse had done her job well , and then she sat down beside katherine . 
 `` that i can understand , '' katherine said , immediately softening . 
 `` joseph has a way of casting a spell on everyone around him , even when he 's sleeping . '' 
 kinsey had missed being there . 
 she had n't wanted to leave joseph in the care of anyone else . 
 she 'd been with him from the beginning , and she 'd see it through to the end . 
 she just hoped and prayed the end was him waking up . 
 `` go ahead and get comfortable . 
 the rest of the family will be here any minute . 
 they 're anxiously awaiting the conclusion of our story , '' katherine offered . 
 kinsey felt like an intruder during the story , but she could n't bring herself to leave . 
 she wanted to know what made a couple stay together for so many years . 
 she was captivated by katherine 's voice as she spoke of her love . 
 soon , the room crowded with joseph 's children , nieces and nephews , even some of the grandchildren and great nieces and nephews . 
 the large space felt as if it quickly shrank , with the amount of people in it . 
 kinsey waited to see austin walk in , but he was absent . 
 she refused to allow herself to watch the door , instead focusing on katherine as she got comfortable in the chair next to her husband 's bed . 
 `` how 's he doing today , mom ? '' 
 alex asked . 
 `` he 's doing good . 
 look at his cheeks . 
 being home is bringing the color back into them . 
 i know he 's on his way back , '' she replied with confidence . 
 `` he 'll come back because we need him to , '' emily said with a hopeful smile . 
 `` i ca n't remember where i left off . '' 
 `` he 'd tricked you into coming to his place . 
 he was showing you the castle he was building just for you , '' bree said with a sigh . 
 `` so romantic . '' 
 `` yes , that 's right . 
 i gave up fighting him . 
 i knew when i left that night , i 'd never be the same again , but i did n't care anymore . 
 one minute with him was better than none . 
 i was so tired of hurting , aching . 
 but i knew that hurting was nothing compared to how i was going to feel once he was done with me . 
 but still , i could n't refuse him anymore ... '' joseph lifted his head , his darkened eyes looking into her own frightened ones . 
 the power he wielded over her was too great . 
 she also knew she was powerless to stop it . 
 `` i do want you in my bed , but that 's not all . 
 this is for you . 
 since meeting you , everything i do is about you , katherine . 
 i ca n't live without you , '' he murmured . 
 katherine was confused as she looked at him . 
 he 'd won . 
 she was giving herself over to him , so why was he still talking ? 
 she could n't seem to grasp his words . 
 her heart nearly burst when he dropped to his knee 's on the gently blowing grass . 
 his eyes filled as he looked in her eyes . 
 `` i 've done a lot wrong where you 're concerned , katherine . 
 before you , there 's never been a woman i wanted to be with night and day . 
 never before have i thought of one person so often , i ca n't think of anyone or anything else . 
 yes , i want you in my bed , and by my side , but not for a cheap affair . 
 i 'd never dishonor you that way . 
 i want you as my equal partner . 
 i want to give you everything your heart desires . 
 i want to watch your stomach grow round with my children . 
 i want to hold you when we 're seventy-five and do nothing more than watch a sunset together off the balcony of our home that i 'm building for you . 
 please make me complete , katherine . 
 please be my wife , '' he said as a tear fell . 
 he reached into his pocket and pulled out an exquisite diamond ring , his fingers trembling slightly as he knelt before her , baring his soul . 
 katherine dropped down next to him , her legs no longer able to support her , her arms needing to be around him . 
 she reached up and slowly wiped the tear from his cheek , awed that such a strong man was willing to make himself so vulnerable in front of her . 
 how wrong she 'd been . 
 how many years she 'd wasted . 
 how many pointless tears she 'd cried . 
 she leaned forward and kissed him . 
 a kiss filled with all the love she had for her larger than life man . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she did n't need to say any more than that simple word . 
 she 'd decided to give him anything he wanted , and she was so grateful he wanted it all . 
 joseph 's smile lit up his face . 
 he slipped the ring on her finger , a perfect fit , and then his arms wrapped around her , pulling her tightly against him . 
 neither of them said anything as she rested her head against his chest . 
 after minutes , or maybe hours , passed , he finally pulled back . 
 he kissed her once more , then stood , pulling her up next to him as he wrapped his arm around her . 
 `` come . 
 let me show you your palace . '' 
 joseph took her hand and led her to the house . 
 he stepped through an unfinished doorway and walked inside as she looked around in wonder . 
 `` i can see it all , katherine . 
 i can see the finished house . 
 it will be beautiful . 
 i can already picture our children running through these halls , '' he said with excitement . 
 his enthusiasm quickly drawing her in . 
 `` thank you , joseph , '' she whispered in awe . 
 `` no , it 's you i need to thank . 
 i 've been lost for a long time , but you 've changed me . 
 you made me realize i did n't need to settle . 
 i can have it all . 
 because of you , george and i spoke , really spoke for the first time in years . 
 i knew i could n't waste any more time on misunderstandings . 
 i knew i could n't hold onto the past . 
 he felt the same way . 
 it 's all because of you . 
 you would n't allow me to be half a man anymore . '' 
 `` oh , joseph , i do n't understand how i did it , but i 'm so glad , '' she said , fresh tears springing to her eyes . 
 `` he loves you almost as much as i do , '' he said with a chuckle . 
 you did it by refusing to accept anything less than what you deserve . 
 you did it by being yourself . 
 `` i just wanted your love . 
 i 'm so sorry i fought so hard - wasted all this time , '' she said . 
 `` we wo n't waste even a moment more . 
 i 'll give you any wedding you want , but please marry me quickly . 
 i do n't want to spend even one more night without you , '' he begged . 
 `` yes , joseph , yes . 
 i do n't need anything fancy . 
 i just need you , '' she said , meaning her words . 
 `` my katherine , you 'd better get used to fancy , because i need to spoil you . 
 you 're my queen . '' 
 joseph pulled her tightly against him in the unfinished space of their home and he spent the rest of the night with her safely cradled in his arms as he whispered his love in her ear . 
 `` joseph and i were both such fools for a very long time . 
 now , you should realize why we 've wanted you to find your own true loves , '' george said as katherine finished speaking . 
 `` wow , '' jessica said , her voice filled with awe . 
 `` i ca n't believe how much you two went through , '' amy said as she dabbed her eye and sniffled . 
 `` you had a huge wedding , though . 
 i 've poured over those pictures . 
 your dress is right out of a cinderella story , '' emily said with confusion . 
 `` you all know joseph . 
 he may have said he wanted a quick wedding , and believe me , he did , but that man would n't settle for anything less than the best . 
 we married in two weeks ' time , and it was a fairy tale , with the perfect dress , location , and decorations . 
 it was the most romantic day of my life . 
 looking back , i 'm truly glad he made it special . 
 back then , i only wanted him , and everything else was just a bonus . 
 the best part of the day was the kiss he gave me after they pronounced us man and wife . 
 it was in that moment that i knew we 'd be together forever . 
 he 's never stopped telling me how much he loves me , '' katherine said as she wiped away another tear . 
 `` and i never will , '' joseph whispered . 
 the room went silent as all eyes turned to the bed where joseph lay , his eyes cracked open , gazing at his wife . 
 `` joseph ? '' 
 `` i love you , katherine , today , tomorrow and always . '' 
 his voice was hoarse , but his words were clear . 
 `` you 're awake ! '' 
 she cried , joy and relief evident in her expression . 
 kinsey jumped up , immediately calling for the doctor , then getting to work , checking his vitals , moving around the bed , looking in his eyes . 
 joseph batted her away as he weakly lifted his hand to press his fingers against katherine 's face . 
 she lay in his arms , smiling as gentle sobs racked her body . 
 `` i 've missed you so much , joseph . 
 please , please do n't ever leave me again . 
 i need you , '' she begged . 
 such and intimate moment , kinsey thought as she dreamily sighed and stepped back . 
 their love so obvious , it brightened the room . 
 everyone was awed as they watched the two of them reunite , their love stronger than ever before . 
 the rest of the day was a flurry of activity as the doctor rushed over and did a complete work-up on joseph . 
 he 'd said from the beginning he could wake anytime , but he looked surprised to see him not only awake , but so alert . 
 joseph had trouble speaking , his throat sore from non-use , but as the day wore on , he was picking up strength . 
 because of the physical therapists , who 'd been working his muscles daily , he would n't be wheelchair bound when he climbed from the bed . 
 the doctor warned him not to exert himself too much , though . 
 it would take a while before he was climbing up and down stairs and running around . 
 joseph did n't care . 
 he only cared that he was awake . 
 he and katherine could n't take their eyes or hands off each other . 
 `` congratulations , brother . 
 i 'm so happy for you , '' joseph said with a smile . 
 `` thank you , joseph . 
 we 've been waiting for you to wake up . 
 we 'd like to have a small ceremony here , where we met for the first time , '' george told him . 
 `` i think that 's perfect . 
 now , are you sure about the small ceremony ... '' `` joseph anderson , do n't you try and railroad me like you do your kids . 
 i 'm an old man , who 's lived a full life . 
 i want a simple ceremony with my beautiful bride . 
 she wants the same , '' george said . 
 `` can you get me drink ? '' 
 joseph asked in a weak voice . 
 `` do n't you think that sick card will work on me either , joseph . 
 i 'm not changing my mind . 
 a small ceremony , do you hear me ? '' 
 george said with a smile . 
 `` fine , i get it , '' joseph grumbled , his voice stronger . 
 `` that 's what i thought , '' george said , chuckling . 
 once esther joined them , the three planned a simple ceremony that had joseph grumbling here and there , but he did n't fight them too much . 
 george was thrilled that in two weeks , esther would be his wife . 
 he needed nothing more than that . 
 chapter twenty kinsey gazed at the pregnancy test , looking back and forth from it to the box it had come in , then re-reading the instructions . 
 she looked at the two other tests next to it , as well . 
 all of them with the same answer . 
 her eyes spilled over as the results were irrefutable in front of her . 
 she needed cassie . 
 cassie would tell her it was okay . 
 tell her she was n't alone . 
 she 'd be there for her no matter what . 
 kinsey did n't know what she wanted any more . 
 she was certainly surprised by her reaction . 
 she laid her head on the table and cried , then laughed , then cried some more . 
 maybe she was losing her mind . 
 it sure felt like it . 
 after a half hour she picked up the phone . 
 `` can you meet me ? '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 cassie did n't need an explanation . 
 the emotion in kinsey 's voice was all it took for her to drop whatever she was doing and agree to meet . 
 kinsey named a park about halfway between them , then put on her coat and walked out the door . 
 she wiped her tears as she climbed behind the wheel of her car and went on autopilot as she drove across town . 
 she arrived first and sat down on a bench , the tests once again clutched in her hand . 
 cassie joined her a few minutes later , sitting down without saying a word . 
 kinsey handed her the three tests , and cassie looked at them , then at kinsey 's face with worried eyes . 
 `` how are you feeling ? 
 are we happy ? 
 upset ? 
 relieved ? 
 what should i be doing right now , because i ca n't tell , '' cassie finally said . 
 `` i 'm ... confused . 
 i thought ... i thought this is what i wanted , but as i took test after test , i found myself ... sad , '' kinsey said as a few tears fell . 
 `` i understand , kinsey . 
 you 've thought for a couple months that a baby could be growing inside you . 
 your child . 
 now that you know you 're not pregnant , it 's like losing that child you 've come to expect . 
 it 's devastating , '' cassie reassured her . 
 `` but ... i 'm not married . 
 i have no reason to be upset . 
 i should be jumping up and down with joy . 
 i know after i have time to think about it , i 'll realize that . 
 i just ... i do n't even know , '' kinsey said with confusion . 
 `` everything happens for a reason . 
 maybe this happened so you 'd know how you really feel . 
 maybe you do n't want to be as independent as you 've been telling yourself . 
 have you thought about the fact that it was n't just your baby you were learning to care about - but also austin 's . '' 
 `` there is no baby , cass , '' kinsey said , as if she needed to say it again . 
 `` what 's going on with you and austin ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 we had a small fight the night of my attack , then he stayed the night with me . 
 but in the morning he was gone . 
 he walked away and has n't been back , '' kinsey said in a choked sob , pain seeping inside her . 
 she should call , but she had too much pride . 
 she figured she 'd told him no one too many times , and he 'd decided to listen . 
 `` oh my gosh , you 're in love with him , are n't you , '' cassie gasped . 
 `` yes , '' kinsey admitted . 
 there was no point in lying to her best friend . 
 `` then you need to go to him . 
 let him help you through this , hold you until the tears dry . 
 do n't be so afraid of being hurt that you actually hurt yourself more , '' she said as she took kinsey 's hand in hers . 
 `` it was a game , cass . 
 that 's all . 
 i ran away , probably the first girl to ever do so to him . 
 then he chased me . 
 we had amazing , oh-my-gosh , sex , he restored his manhood , and now he 's gone , '' kinsey said , feeling like a fool . 
 `` i think you may be underestimating him . 
 give him a chance . 
 if you do , i think you could find more happiness than you ever imagined before . 
 if there 's one thing i 've learned from listening to joseph and katherine 's love story , it 's that time is too precious to waste . '' 
 `` i do n't know , cass . 
 i just need to think . 
 my emotions are all over the place right now , and i do n't want to do anything i 'm going to regret later . '' 
 `` maybe the two of you just need a little helpful nudging , '' cass threatened . 
 `` cassie , do n't you dare interfere , do you hear me ? 
 i swear on our pinkie swear oath in grade school , that i 'll hunt you down , '' kinsey said , her eyes narrowing . 
 `` kinsey ... '' `` you promise me right now , cass , '' kinsey demanded . 
 `` i just want you to be happy . 
 you know i love you , '' cassie hedged . 
 `` cassandra , you better promise me , '' kinsey threatened . 
 `` fine , '' cassie snapped , her eyes narrowing . 
 it was n't until kinsey was on her way back home that she realized cassie had n't promised . 
 her stomach turned over with nerves . 
 cass would n't do anything . 
 it was always friendship first , men second . 
 her day had been exhausting and she just could n't think about it any longer , so she pushed it from her mind . 
 she pulled into her apartment complex and walked to her unit . 
 she shut the door and looked around , feeling more alone than she ever had before . 
 joseph was better now and did n't need a nurse at home . 
 as she 'd left the mansion , she 'd had to fight back tears , knowing she 'd miss the bustle always going on in the large place . 
 she 'd grown attached being there , loving her time of taking care of him . 
 she was very happy he was better , though . 
 she looked at her calendar and realized it was george 's wedding night with esther . 
 of course she 'd been invited , but she could n't go , not when she was crying every ten minutes . 
 seeing austin and not being able to talk to him would be too much . 
 kinsey 's eyes grew heavy and exhaustion overtook her while she climbed into her bed and fell asleep . 
 she had time to figure it out later . 
 `` i ca n't believe dad 's getting married today . 
 it 's so weird , '' trenton exclaimed . 
 `` i know what you mean . 
 i 'm happy for him , really happy , but it seems so strange . 
 especially the fact that he 's acting like a teenager , '' max said . 
 `` i think it 's incredibly romantic . 
 esther 's been blushing all morning , '' bree added . 
 `` yeah , it 's great . 
 i have n't seen dad this happy in a long time . 
 moving back here was a really good thing . 
 all of you getting married , now dad , too . 
 what the heck ? 
 i guess we 're grown up , now '' austin said . 
 `` what do you mean , we . 
 i do n't see a ring on your finger , '' trenton said . 
 `` yeah , whatever . '' 
 austin had n't seen kinsey in weeks , but could n't get her off his mind . 
 when he had n't heard anything from her by last week , he figured he had his answer on whether or not she was pregnant . 
 he knew if she were , she 'd call him , she 'd promised . 
 what really surprised him was the disappointment hanging heavily over him like a dark rain cloud getting ready to pour . 
 how could he possibly feel as if he 'd lost something that he never had to begin with ? 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 `` austin anderson , who the heck do you think you are ? 
 seriously ? 
 are you god 's gift to women , mr. love em and leave em ? 
 huh ! 
 what do you have to say for yourself ? '' 
 cassie thundered as she stomped into the room , fire burning in her eyes . 
 `` what did i do ? '' 
 he asked , taking a step back . 
 his sister-in-law was frightening in a temper . 
 he had new respect for his brother . 
 `` sweetie , what 's this about ? '' 
 max asked as he stepped toward her . 
 `` do n't you sweetie me , max , '' she snapped , stopping him in his tracks . 
 then she turned back to austin . 
 `` what did i do ? 
 really ? 
 kinsey is n't some cheap two-dollar-hooker . 
 she 's a lady . 
 she 's beautiful , compassionate , fun and freaking fantastic . 
 you were lucky enough to have her fall in love with you , and you think you can just throw that away ? '' 
 cassie snapped , stepping up to him , her hands on her h * ps as her toe tapped . 
 austin was speechless as the room went silent . 
 he 'd never seen cassie throw a fit before and it was impressive , but her words were what muted him . 
 kinsey loved him . 
 love . 
 his mind whirled as he thought about the girl he could n't forget no matter how hard he tried . 
 her smile , laugh , temper , passion . 
 all of it was intoxicating . 
 he wanted to be with . 
 not for just a night , or even a week , but he really wanted to be with her . 
 the have and to hold kind of being together . 
 he wanted to see her walk down the aisle to him , where they said vows and then kissed in front of their friends and family . 
 he wanted to claim her as his forever . 
 he could n't let her go ... he was in love with her . 
 `` i love her , '' he muttered . 
 `` well , hallelujah , he finally admits it , '' trenton said with a laugh as he thumped him hard on the back . 
 he looked up in surprise , forgetting about his family standing there . 
 cassie was looking at him with suspicion in her eyes , but at least the raging anger was gone . 
 his face turned up in a huge smile as he reached out and lifted cassie off the ground , spinning her in a circle . 
 `` i love her . 
 i really do ! '' 
 he shouted , then gave cassie a smacking kiss on the forehead before setting her down . 
 `` thank you , cassie . 
 i have to see her . '' 
 he turned to leave when max grabbed his shoulder . 
 `` hold up , romeo , '' he said , but the smile on his face was proud . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` do you really think the best idea is to ambush her ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` do you honestly think she 's going to let you in to her apartment ? 
 she thinks you just want sex , that 's all , nothing but steamy , erotic sex , '' cassie said . 
 austin shifted uncomfortably as all eyes focused on him . 
 he could n't even look his sister-in-law in the face . 
 what had kinsey told her ? 
 `` oh , get over yourself . 
 all women talk , so yes , i do know ... a lot , '' cassie said . 
 austin lost the battle with his embarrassment and felt his cheeks grow warm . 
 he did n't understand women . 
 he 'd never , in a million years , want to know about any of his siblings ' sex lives . 
 that would scar him forever . 
 `` you need a plan of action . 
 first hurdle . 
 how are you going to get her to let you in ? '' 
 trenton asked as if he spoke from experience . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'll knock , '' austin said with a shrug . 
 his answer made them laugh . 
 `` you poor , clueless man . 
 it 's a good thing we 're here for you , '' bree said as she smiled at him to take any sting from her words . 
 he was beginning to feel tag teamed . 
 `` you really do love her ? '' 
 cassie asked as she looked him deep in the eyes . 
 he felt no panic at her question , zero hesitation . 
 `` yes , i do , cass . 
 i have since the day she took my breath away at your wedding . 
 i just could n't admit it . 
 i guess i 'm not much different than these idiots , '' he said , looking around at the men in the room , who at least had the decency to shift uncomfortably as his words hit close to home . 
 `` okay then . 
 here 's the key to her place . 
 if you hurt her , i 'll have your brothers tie you down on top of an ant hill while i pour honey on you , '' she threatened . 
 he gave her a sufficiently horrified face . 
 he had no doubt she was dead serious . 
 `` thanks for being such a great friend to her . '' 
 `` she 's the best . 
 now you can go get her , '' cassie told him before she reached up on her toes and kissed his cheek . 
 `` okay , that 's enough kissing between the two of you , '' max growled as he swung cassie into his arms and kissed in a far from chaste possession . 
 austin turned to leave again , but his path was blocked by his father this time . 
 what the heck ? 
 was it a conspiracy ? 
 `` not so quick , austin , '' george said . 
 `` i 'll be back for the wedding . 
 i promise , '' austin said , his eyes glancing to the door . 
 `` love ca n't wait . 
 you take your time with kinsey , '' george told him . 
 `` then why are you blocking me ? '' 
 george 's eyes filled with tears , and austin felt immediate remorse for the way he 'd spoken to his father . 
 if the last few months proved anything , it was that time was limited , and he needed to appreciate every moment he had with him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , dad . '' 
 george held up his hand to stop him . 
 he cleared his throat , then lifted his head up , both pain and joy in his expression . 
 `` i loved your mother . 
 oh , the joy she brought me each and every day i had with her . 
 the sound of her voice when i walked in the door was music to my years . 
 i thank god for the time i was blessed to be with her . 
 i understand why he wanted to bring her home early . 
 she was just that special , '' george whispered in a broken voice . 
 everyone was silent as george spoke . 
 was he having second thoughts on marrying esther ? 
 they were frozen as they waited . 
 `` i never wanted to find love again , but the funny thing about love , is that you do n't choose it , it chooses you . 
 i loved your mother , and i always will . 
 but , i 've been blessed in this life to have a second beginning . 
 esther makes me laugh . 
 she makes my heart pound , and my knee 's week . 
 i 've fallen a bit more in love with her each new day , and i 'm proud to make her my wife . 
 it 's okay to give our hearts away , just as long as the person we give them to is worthy , '' george continued , his eyes bright . 
 austin hoped he and kinsey would share that strong of a love . 
 one so strong that not even the finality of death could break it . 
 george opened his hand , palm side up and looked down . 
 as he did , a single tear fell , landing right in the middle of the circle of platinum . 
 `` your mother wore this ring for thirty years . 
 our last night together , when she knew it was time to go home , we were lying together , speaking about our family . 
 she made me promise to take her ring and pass it to one of you . 
 she said whoever wore it was guaranteed an eternity of happiness with their true love . 
 she said i 'd know when the moment was right because she 'd be by my side , whispering in my ear , watching over our children , '' george stopped as he coughed , emotions clogging his throat . 
 austin looked over to find every woman in the room had tears cascading down their cheeks , sympathy in their eyes . 
 heck , even the men were clearing their throats , trying like crazy to keep it together . 
 he turned back to his father , who smiled , with both joy and sorrow in his face . 
 `` it 's you , austin . 
 take your mother 's ring . 
 you treat your future wife like the queen she is , hold her , comfort her , and tell her every single day that she 's the light of your world . 
 you cherish her always . '' 
 george placed the ring in austin 's palm , then gently pushed his fingers shut around it . 
 he placed his own hand over his son 's , patted it once , then let go . 
 he smiled at austin and his other children , then looked in the corner of the room , his gaze clouding over for a moment before his eyes shut briefly . 
 then , without saying another word , he walked from the room . 
 austin opened his fingers to gaze at the antique diamond set in a stunning platinum band , and his heart flooded with warmth . 
 he shut his eyes , and for one moment , one glorious moment , his mom was right there with her arms wrapped around him . 
 when he opened his eyes , he looked at his family and slowly his mouth turned up at the corners as he smiled . 
 `` this is a wedding day . 
 a beautiful , sunny , amazing day , so all of you quit weeping . 
 i 'm going to beg for forgiveness now , and hopefully win the girl , '' he said before finally managing to make it out the door , all sorrow gone as he raced toward his future . 
 austin made it to kinsey 's house in one piece - barely . 
 he must have broken every speed limit in the seattle area , urgency pushing him on . 
 his heart raced as he climbed the outside stairs to her apartment , then listened at her door . 
 he could n't hear a sound on the other side , so he slowly inserted the key into the lock and turned the knob . 
 he felt like a burglar as he looked inside her private space . 
 shadows danced in the darkened room , little light managing to get through the closed blinds . 
 he stepped inside and locked the door behind him , cautiously moving through the small room . 
 it did n't take him long to locate the opened door at the end of the short hallway . 
 he looked inside and found her sleeping on top of the blankets , her face relaxed , her hair cascading over the pillow . 
 his groin tightened at the sight of her laying there in nothing but a t-shirt , which was riding high , showing him the delectable curve of her round behind . 
 `` priorities , '' he reminded himself , the sound of his voice causing her to stir , but not wake . 
 he sat on the edge of the bed and reached his hand out , stroking her hair . 
 `` kinsey , wake up . 
 i need to talk to you , '' he whispered as she began to stir . 
 his stomach knotted as she turned on her back , showing him her barely covered body . 
 only her br ** sts were shielded from his view . 
 he tried being good - tried not to look as her leg shifted , her body seeking his in her sleep . 
 he laid next to her , his endurance being pushed to the limits . 
 `` kinsey , please wake-up . 
 i need to tell you something , '' he said , his voice a little louder . 
 `` austin ? '' 
 she murmured , her eyes still closed . 
 `` yes , kinsey . 
 it 's me . 
 i need to talk to you . '' 
 `` kiss me , '' she muttered . 
 `` we really need to talk first , kinsey , '' he said through clenched teeth . 
 `` mmm , need you . 
 please , '' she uttered as her body shifted closer . 
 austin was lost . 
 how could he refuse her when she was arching into him , her beautiful core bared , her lips red and inviting . 
 just a little kiss , then he 'd stop . 
 just one kiss ... kinsey woke up to the feel of austin 's mouth devouring hers . 
 she knew it was him without opening her eyes . 
 she knew his smell , his taste , his very essence . 
 she knew him . 
 she opened her eyes , shock consuming her as his tongue slipped into her mouth . 
 what shocked her more was the fact that her arms were wrapped around him , pulling him toward her as her h * ps pushed up against his hard body . 
 his hand lifted to her hip , pushing up her shirt , and she felt desire flare through her , cutting all thoughts from her mind . 
 she groaned as his tongue stroked her mouth and his hand climbed higher beneath her shirt . 
 he delved deeper in her mouth , possessing her , claiming her in a way that had her wanting to shout yes . 
 he surrounded her , his scent , taste , hands and body . 
 he was invading all her senses , overpowering her with his sheer magnetism . 
 she moved against him , needing him to set her free , to relieve the ache he 'd so quickly built . 
 `` kinsey , i came to talk . 
 i need to talk , but ... '' he uttered as he lifted his head and looked into her eyes . 
 talk ? 
 she did n't want to talk . 
 she did n't want to think . 
 she did n't want to give herself time to feel guilty . 
 she only wanted to feel the explosion she felt building inside . 
 she grabbed him and brought his lips back to hers . 
 with a groan , he complied , nipping her bottom lip as his hand slid the rest of the way up her shirt and cupped her straining br ** sts . 
 he squeezed her nipple , making her gasp into his mouth . 
 he shifted , pulling away from her and she protested . 
 he grabbed something from his pants pocket , then shed his clothes in record time . 
 before she could even blink , he ripped her shirt over her head , then laid on top of her , his full weight crushing her into the mattress . 
 `` yes , '' she begged . 
 she pushed her h * ps against him , wanting him to sink inside her . 
 she ached , pain throbbing in her core . 
 she needed him buried deep , needed it beyond reason . 
 `` not yet , '' he warned . 
 he moved down her neck , quickly reaching her br ** sts . 
 he ran his tongue along her swollen n ** ples , tasting and teasing them , then pulling one at a time into his mouth , tugging on the buds with his teeth . 
 he continued down her body , his hands moving along her thighs , then up to cup her flesh , before coming around and spreading her open for him to explore . 
 he pushed his finger inside , making her cry out as his mouth descended and his tongue licked her flesh . 
 finally , he sucked her sensitive bud into his mouth , running his tongue against it , sending her flying over the edge . 
 he stroked her softly as pleasure washed through her , and she fell into an endless black hole , where ecstasy was her only feeling . 
 slowly , he climbed up her body , moving sensuously , kissing and nipping at her skin as he made the journey . 
 he reached her face , his eyes dark , filled with lust as he gazed at her . 
 he moved to the side , slipped on a condom , then started sliding inside her still quivering body . 
 he gripped her hair , pulling her lips up to meet his as he greedily took her mouth while his h * ps drove into her , his thick erection pushing harder , faster and deeper . 
 `` oh , kinsey , yes , yes , '' he cried as his movements quickened to a frenzy . 
 his body pressed into her , slapping against her flesh . 
 she reached behind him , gripping his firm butt in her hands , feeling the muscles flex beneath her fingers each time he thrust . 
 higher and higher . 
 she was reaching , reaching ... she cried out as the storm broke and she fell into a sea of tranquility and pleasure . 
 she gripped him tight , exploding around him , squeezing him , pulling him under with her . 
 `` kinsey ! '' 
 austin cried her name as his body tensed , his pleasure pouring into her . 
 his h * ps continued to thrust , drawing the pleasure out for endless moments . 
 finally he slowed , then stopped , as he relaxed against her . 
 her legs wrapped around his hips , holding him close . 
 her hands were still clinging to his hair while his lips rested on her neck . 
 `` i can do that all day , kinsey . 
 the feel of your body , the taste of your skin . 
 what you do to me is more than i deserve . 
 you 're so beautiful , so sensual . 
 i think of you and my body readies for your welcoming heat . 
 i want you so much , every day , all the time , '' he said as he kissed her neck , his tongue sliding out , sending shivers down her sated body . 
 he moved them to their sides , her leg trapped beneath him , his still hard staff buried in her pulsing heat . 
 she could n't take any more . 
 her body would n't survive it . 
 `` you make me feel like i can fly , kinsey . 
 i feel like i can do anything when i 'm in your arms , like i 'm invincible . 
 i did n't mean to do this until we talked , but you were lying there , so beautiful . 
 the sight of your body makes me lose my mind , '' he continued , melting her with his words , while the slightest movement of his h * ps had her straining for more . 
 `` i. . . 
 i ca n't think when you touch me , '' she admitted . 
 his lips turned up at the corners , male pride radiating from his pores as his hands slid down her back , her hip , then up her side and across to her br ** sts where he gently squeezed the soft flesh , making her moan . 
 `` good , then do n't think . 
 just listen , '' he whispered . 
 `` what ? 
 i. . . 
 how ... wait ... '' she gasped . 
 she wanted to know how he 'd gotten into her apartment . 
 what was he doing there ? 
 those were just a couple questions she needed answers to , but she was losing her train of thought as he quickly fueled her body 's flames again . 
 `` i convinced cassie to loan me her key . 
 i had to talk to you , and i had a feeling you would n't let me in , '' he told her as if he knew her question . 
 `` i would n't have , '' she confirmed , managing to get the words past her trembling lips . 
 he smiled before he brought his head down and sucked her nipple into his mouth . 
 while loving on her , he shifted them again so he was on top once more , his growing erection still filling her , his mouth pulling on her nipple , before moving to the other side and giving it ample attention . 
 `` i love you , kinsey . 
 i love you so much that the thought of not being with you rips me up inside . 
 i need you . 
 yes , i need your body . 
 i need to feel your taut heat gripping me . 
 i need to pleasure you in a thousand different ways . 
 but , more than that , i need you sitting next to me every night . 
 i need to see you grow old . 
 i want to have my children with you , watch them grow , as we sit back and love each other . 
 i want it all . 
 i love you ... i love you , '' he finished in a raw whisper before his lips descended again and kissed her gaping mouth . 
 she looked at him , knowing her eyes were wide , knowing her lips were moving but no sound was coming out . 
 she was trying to process his words , trying to allow them to sink past the muddle her brain had become . 
 `` i love you , '' he said again as his lips caressed her neck , his words whispering along her ear . 
 `` i need you , '' he continued , sending shivers down her body . 
 his h * ps slowly moving again , gently , intoxicatingly . 
 he pushed up on his forearms and looked deep in her eyes . 
 `` i love you , kinsey . '' 
 suddenly her heart exploded as unbelievable joy washed through her . 
 he loved her . 
 he was n't just saying the words . 
 he was showing her the best way he knew how . 
 he was loving her with his words , his body , his soul . 
 he loved her . 
 `` i love you , too , '' she finally whispered . 
 unbelievable elation consumed her as she gripped austin tighter and arched her back , pressing into him , meeting his downward thrusts . 
 they moved together as one , both of them lost in each other . 
 they moved together for minutes , hours , days , she did n't know . 
 time stopped having any meaning . 
 kinsey exploded again , pleasure washing through her , her body exhausted , her mind fuzzy . 
 she closed her eyes and fell asleep with his body still cradling her tightly . 
 `` kinsey , wake up . '' 
 `` no ... '' `` come on , kinsey . 
 we need to get to the wedding . '' 
 `` nooo ... '' she moaned as she snuggled closer . 
 `` mmm , you 're going to make me miss my father 's wedding . 
 he 'll never forgive me , '' austin said with a chuckle as his hand started moving down her body . 
 `` too sore , '' she murmured , though she flexed her h * ps toward him . 
 `` oh , you 're slaying me , kinsey . 
 really , i think i 'm going to die of sexual exhaustion , '' he said with a groaning laugh as he kissed her on the neck . 
 she finally opened her eyes and blinked . 
 he really was there , holding her close , their nak * d body 's touching intimately . 
 `` that 's a nice way to die , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're mine , really mine , '' he said , awe in his eyes . 
 `` i can say the same thing , '' she murmured , hoping she would n't wake up to find it all just a dream . 
 `` i ca n't believe i did n't do this right , '' he exclaimed , quickly jumping up . 
 kinsey felt an immediate loss as he pulled from her . 
 muscles she did n't even know existed were crying out from the exertion of their love-making , and she could feel a slight whisker burn on her neck , but still , she wanted more . 
 she could n't seem to get enough of his touch . 
 her eyes greedily soaked up the sight of his sculpted rear end as he leaned down to get something from his pocket . 
 when he turned around , displaying his impressive manhood , her thighs tightened with desire . 
 he walked over , love shining in his eyes as he grabbed her hand and pulled her up . 
 she forgot to breathe when he dropped on one knee and looked adoringly up into her eyes . 
 `` kinsey shelton , you are my world now . 
 i thought i knew what love was before i met you . 
 i love my family . 
 i love my friends , but i knew nothing of what true love was until i thought i 'd lost you . 
 you make my heart beat . 
 you make my day begin . 
 you make ... '' he choked , as his eyes glassed over . 
 `` austin - '' she tried to help him , but he shook his head , obviously needing to finish . 
 she did n't even try to stop her own tears from falling as she gazed down at him , this man who would n't take less than her love . 
 `` you make me whole . 
 this ring was my mother 's . 
 you would 've loved her . 
 i know she loves you . 
 i know she 's beaming with happiness right now . 
 please , marry me . 
 let me love you for the rest of our lives , '' he finished . 
 she could n't speak through the lump in her throat , though she was trying to get the words out , it was impossible . 
 she opened her mouth , but still no sound slipped through . 
 `` i can get you another ring if you want a new - '' `` yes . '' 
 she interrupted him , then cleared her throat . 
 `` yes , i 'll marry you , austin , i 'd be honored to wear this ring . 
 i 'm so touched you 're offering me something so precious . 
 yes , i 'll marry you . 
 i 'll mess up sometimes . 
 i 'll cry for no reason , burn food because i 'm lost in another world while reading , snap at you because i 'm having a bad day , and be completely irrational at times , but i 'll love you , always . 
 you make me so happy , so needed ... '' she lost her words again as emotion choked her . 
 austin slipped the ring on her hand , and she could n't pull her eyes away as he leaned down and kissed her knuckle , sealing his promise to always love , honor and cherish her . 
 he stood and pulled her into his arms , spinning her in circles as his lips descended . 
 they ended up being very , very late to the wedding . 
 `` i 'd like to propose a toast . 
 congratulations george and esther . 
 there are n't two finer people to have found each other . 
 i know you 'll have many years of happiness together , and i 'm thrilled you 've found one another . 
 never forget that we do n't often get a second chance at extreme bliss in our lifetime . 
 may you always appreciate one another , love each other through the good and the bad , and always turn to each other in everything you do , '' joseph said . 
 the room erupted in applause as friends and family approved the couple 's union . 
 as guests made their way to give hugs and good-will to the couple , they never let the other out of their sight . 
 when the music began playing , george swept esther onto the wood floor and showed the kids what real dancing was . 
 as the music began , the newlyweds floated across the floor as if their feet were n't even touching the ground . 
 they looked like ginger rogers and fred astaire - dancing together effortlessly . 
 applause thundered when they finished , not that they noticed , as the two of them were locked tightly in a loving embrace . 
 `` come on , joseph . 
 these boys need to learn how to properly treat a lady , '' george called when he finally lifted his head . 
 esther 's cheeks were flushed , her eyes sparkling , and a smile overtaking her lips . 
 she looked delighted , content , and in love . 
 `` you do n't have to talk me into it . '' 
 he turned to his wife , `` katherine , '' he called as he held out his hand . 
 she readily followed . 
 the music began , at first nothing more than violins caressing the early evening air . 
 joseph pulled katherine close , and slowly began spinning her in a slow circle as they began the french waltz . 
 george smiled at his brother as joseph got lost in his wife 's eyes , their bodies moving in sync as the other instruments slowly joined the violins , music drifting over the guests , as they watched in awe . 
 `` dance with me , '' george said as he pulled esther back into his arms , then easily followed joseph and katherine across the floor . 
 `` i 've never seen dad dance before , '' lucas said as he watched his parents in awe . 
 `` they 're stunning , '' amy sighed , her eyes glued to the couples who were so lost in each other . 
 `` yes . 
 yes they are , '' alex said as he pulled jessica closer to him . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 when she nodded , he led her out to the floor and quickly joined the dance . 
 it did n't take long for the rest to follow . 
 `` ah , i see you 've finally decided to grace us with your presence , austin , '' joseph 's voice boomed out over the crowd . 
 austin never thought he 'd be so happy to hear that wonderful sound . 
 he took a moment to say a silent thank you for his prayer being answered . 
 he 'd even received so much more than he 'd asked for . 
 his father finding happiness , his uncle back to full health , and the love of his life agreeing to be his forever . 
 `` i had something to do that could n't wait , '' austin called back , his face bright as he held tightly to kinsey 's hand , letting everyone in the room know what , or rather , who could n't wait . 
 `` what 's more important than your father 's wedding ? '' 
 joseph asked , his eyes zeroing in on their joined fingers . 
 `` i had to convince this lovely woman to marry me , though i do n't know how i did it , '' he said with pride . 
 the room was nearly silent for a moment , with just the sound of the music playing in the background , as his words sunk in . 
 cassie was the first to rush over and give the two of them a hug . 
 `` ah , very good , boy , '' joseph said , his voice a bit quieter , emotion in his tone . 
 austin knew exactly how he felt . 
 `` champagne , '' joseph called , and the waiters appeared with trays full of sparkling flutes . 
 the adults grabbed the bubbling refreshment , while the children and pregnant women took sparkling cider . 
 `` we have so much to celebrate . 
 so much indeed . 
 here 's to romance , marriages , children , and family , '' joseph called . 
 everyone raised their glasses and moved through the room , excitement overflowing from every corner . 
 one month later , austin stood on the beach as he dipped his wife in his arms and kissed her tenderly . 
 when he stood back up , he turned and looked at the faces of his family , joy radiating off him in waves . 
 `` i 'd like to introduce you to mr. and mrs. anderson , '' the preacher said as austin and kinsey began walking down the aisle of grass , their bare feet hardly touching the ground . 
 austin led her to a large tent where the music was playing , and he immediately pulled her onto the dance floor . 
 `` have i mentioned today how much i love you . '' 
 `` once or twice , '' kinsey replied before resting her head against his solid chest . 
 `` i ca n't believe i managed to win you , kinsey , but i 'll be grateful till the day i die . 
 i love you more now than i ever thought possible . '' 
 `` i love you , austin anderson . 
 i ca n't believe i ever ran from your arms . '' 
 `` you were wise , woman . 
 i plan to wear you out , '' he told her , his brows lifting as he attempted an evil grin . 
 `` promises , promises . '' 
 `` receptions are unnecessary . 
 i say we sneak off to our room . 
 i have plans for you , '' he said as he stopped moving and looked into her eyes . 
 `` i agree , '' she answered , excitement lighting her face . 
 austin grabbed her hand and they started to slip away , excited they seemed to be eluding joseph , and the rest of the family . 
 `` i 'm going to - '' `` turn around so you can cut the cake , '' cassie interrupted them with a very satisfied expression on her face . 
 `` cass ... '' kinsey pled . 
 `` oh , no . 
 payback 's such a pleasure , '' cassie said as she snuggled in-between the two of them and started pulling them toward their guests . 
 `` you 're just mean , '' kinsey said , knowing full well she deserved it . 
 `` i know . 
 i 've been waiting since my wedding for this moment . 
 suffer , really , really suffer , '' she said with an evil grin . 
 kinsey gave up the fight and let cassie lead her back to the reception . 
 payback really did suck , she thought , as she eyed her husband with longing . 
 `` you never did finish your story , mom . 
 with all the excitement of dad waking up , and then the two weddings , i forgot for a while , but what happened with the corporation ? '' 
 amy asked as they sat by the fire , the kids sleeping , and the adults enjoying a midnight snack . 
 `` i guess i did leave you hanging . 
 to answer your earlier question , yes , this is the same corporation your grandfather began . 
 the board met and voted joseph as ceo a few weeks after our wedding . 
 neilson was furious and threatened to take us all down . 
 it truly was sad he turned out that way , '' katherine replied . 
 `` what ever happened with him ? 
 i do n't remember ever seeing pictures of him ? '' 
 lucas asked . 
 `` it was quite tragic , actually . 
 we did n't hear anything for several years . 
 then one day a woman showed up on our doorstep , carrying a child in her arms , saying she was neilson 's wife . 
 she had to have been twenty-five years younger than him . 
 joseph was n't home , and i did n't know what to do so i invited her in , which probably was n't wise . 
 she told me neilson had died of a heart attack , and she had nowhere else to go . 
 i told her to wait until joseph got home and we 'd work things out . 
 in the morning , when i woke , she was gone . 
 she took ten thousand dollars your father had in his office , and disappeared . 
 joseph searched for her , knowing that 's what his father would want , but we only came up with dead ends . 
 we never did find out if she was speaking the truth , or not . '' 
 `` that 's so sad , '' emily said . 
 `` yes , it is indeed . 
 we would 've given her the money , but maybe she was just a stranger , and wanted to get what she could before we found out . 
 we 'll probably never know . '' 
 `` did neilson really die ? '' 
 trenton asked . 
 `` yes . 
 we were able to confirm that . 
 if he was married , though , it was n't legal , '' joseph said , obviously still bothered over the events , even after so many years . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' bree said . 
 `` me , too , sweetie . 
 if the child is an anderson , we would 've done right by him , '' joseph said . 
 `` yes , we never would 've taken out our anger with neilson on an innocent kid , '' george added . 
 `` that 's because you 're honorable men . 
 they just do n't make them like you anymore , '' austin said , looking at his father and uncle with pride . 
 `` we had a great father to look up to , '' joseph said , and george agreed . 
 `` our story had a very good ending , though . 
 as you all know , we lived happily ever after , '' katherine finished with a smile as she looked at her husband . 
 `` may each of you have the same . 
 one day , you 'll be telling your own children the beautiful story of your beginning . 
 relationships are built on the good and the bad , it 's how we handle each situation that defines our character . 
 thank you for being here for katherine while i was sick . 
 thank you for being here every day for each other , '' joseph said , raising his glass . 
 `` here , here , '' each person called . 
 they stayed up long into the night , reminiscing about the past and planning for the future . 
 epilogue joseph looked across the table , his eyes shining as his family gathered . 
 noise reigned as everyone spoke at once , all of them happy to be together another year . 
 he truly loved thanksgiving . 
 as usual , he had much to be thankful for . 
 he had yet another year together with his wife . 
 he looked at her , still so beautiful . 
 he 'd known how truly scared she 'd been while he was in his coma last year . 
 he hated that he 'd put her through such a horrible ordeal . 
 he 'd made a promise to her years earlier that he 'd never hurt her again , but he had n't been able to keep the promise . 
 he vowed he 'd do everything in his power to never let it happen again . 
 he 'd gotten rid of his fast cars . 
 he no longer needed that thrill . 
 the only excitement he needed was the sight of his wife beside him , each night and morning , and of course , the love of his ever growing family . 
 sitting closest to him were george and esther , looking like kids on their honeymoon , even after being married almost a year . 
 george looked over and winked at him , making joseph smile . 
 his brother was a great man . 
 then there was lucas and amy . 
 they 'd been married eight years already . 
 joseph could n't believe how time had flown . 
 their children were growing so fast . 
 he loved all his grandchildren , and great-nieces and nephews equally , he told himself , but jasmine had a special place in his heart . 
 she was the first . 
 his very first granddaughter . 
 she was the beginning of the next generation . 
 there was a bond between them he thanked god for every day . 
 his eyes continued to sweep across the table as he took in alex , who at that moment , leaned over and whispered something in jessica 's ear , making her blush . 
 she did n't realize anyone was watching and joseph smiled again as she leaned in and kissed alex. jacob groaned loudly at their display , and they split apart , both of them laughing while alex picked his son up , then hugged him close . 
 jacob protested , but joseph saw the love on the boy 's face . 
 mark and emily were talking to trenton and jennifer . 
 they 'd become so close . 
 all of the kids loved each other , but emily and jennifer had really hit it off . 
 joseph loved seeing his growing family also become friends . 
 mark said something that had trenton laughing . 
 emily slapped mark 's arm , but the smile on her face said he was n't in too much trouble . 
 mark turned and kissed her , stopping all protests . 
 when he pulled away , she was flushed and looking very pleased . 
 young trevor was turning into a man . 
 he 'd soon be breaking hearts . 
 he was as handsome as his father . 
 not that looks mattered if the heart was n't pure . 
 trenton suddenly got up and grabbed jennifer 's hand . 
 he thought with all the chaos around them no one would notice if he slipped away for a few minutes . 
 of course , joseph noticed everything . 
 he smiled as he watched his nephew take his wife away for a moment of privacy . 
 joseph 's eyes moved to max next . 
 max had sure been stubborn in finding love . 
 they all had , but joseph had doubts about max settling down . 
 he should n't have worried , though . 
 cassandra was his perfect match . 
 she brought out a joy in max that was radiant . 
 no matter where the two of them were , joseph always noticed that max was touching her . 
 his hand on her back as they were standing , or grazing her knee where they sat . 
 he loved her , and his every action showed that . 
 bree was laughing at something chad said . 
 he was sitting across the table from mark , and the two men were having an animated conversation . 
 probably talking about trenton sneaking off . 
 the two of them were most likely jealous they had n't thought of it first . 
 chad turned and looked at bree , his hand shooting out to tug her close as he kissed her , leaving her looking breathless before he turned back to mark and started talking again . 
 finally , there was austin . 
 he was sitting in the corner , kinsey perched on his lap with his arms around her as she cradled their daughter , isabelle , close . 
 she was less than a week old , so tiny and delicate , just like her mother . 
 joseph knew the happy couple also had the kind of love that would last . 
 his family was complete . 
 all of his children and nephews and niece were happily married , having children , and living their lives to the fullest . 
 he could n't ask for anything more . 
 he sat back and watched , watched the way his family interacted , the way the children played , and how they all responded to one another . 
 `` we 've done well , katherine , '' he said , his voice low . 
 `` yes , joseph , we have , '' she agreed . 
 `` you know , if i were n't so happy about this beautiful family , you 'd be in trouble , right ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' he said , trying his best to sound innocent . 
 `` you ca n't fool me , joseph anderson . 
 however , i 'll let you think you can , '' she said , her eyes filled with love . 
 joseph gazed at her for a moment , then he leaned in and gave her a kiss , his lips lingering for a long while . 
 even after forty years of marriage , she took his breath away . 
 he stood up and waited for the table to grow silent . 
 with the growing number of family members , it took a little bit longer each year . 
 he was content to wait . 
 `` we 've come to another thanksgiving . 
 as with each year , we have much to be grateful for . 
 we have good jobs for ourselves , and for many employees . 
 we have our health , some days of course , it 's better than others . 
 most importantly , we have each other . '' 
 he stopped for a moment as he fought the emotion building in him . 
 his family was silent as they waited , eyes starting to mist all around . 
 katherine stood next to him , taking his hand in hers . 
 she looked up at him , her eyes glowing , then turned and faced the table . 
 `` we have each other today , tomorrow , and forever , '' she finished quietly . 
 everyone raised their glasses as they called out their agreement and toasted their thanks . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , george , '' joseph answered . 
 `` i mean , i ca n't complain . 
 i have a wonderful new bride , beautiful grandkids and my family all together again , but ... '' `` i know , brother , i know , '' joseph moped . 
 the two men sat in the den , sipping their drinks as they warmed themselves by the fire . 
 the family was gathered in the sitting room , everyone too full to move around much . 
 joseph and george had snuck away for a drink . 
 `` well , it should n't take that long for the grandkids to grow , '' george said as he perked up . 
 `` hmm , you have a good point there , '' joseph replied as he sat a little straighter . 
 `` yeah , look how the last ten years have flown past . 
 heck , the last twenty-five for that matter . 
 i forget at times how old i 've gotten . '' 
 `` bite your tongue , george . 
 we 've aged well , like a good scotch , we 're not old , '' joseph admonished . 
 `` true , joseph , very true . '' 
 `` when this all started , i wanted grandkids . 
 i thought my boys were never going to settle down . 
 now that i have them , i miss the planning and sneaking around . 
 i got quiet clever in ways to trick them all , '' joseph said proudly . 
 `` we 'll just have to figure out other ways to keep entertained until those kids get a little older , '' george sighed . 
 `` joseph , time for dessert , '' katherine said as she and esther stepped into the room . 
 `` we 'll be right out , dear , '' joseph called back . 
 `` we truly are blessed men , '' george said as the women left , his eyes gazing at the door his new bride just walked through . 
 `` let 's join our family , george . 
 i 'm not ready to quit celebrating , yet . '' 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're back , joseph . 
 i do n't think i would 've made it had you not come out of that coma , '' george said as they stood , putting his hand on joseph 's arm . 
 `` if anything ever happens to me , you will not stop living your life , george anderson . 
 if something were to happen , i 'd just sit down with our dad and catch up while i waited for the rest of you to finish what you needed to . 
 if you want to make me happy , then live . 
 promise me that you 'll always live life to the fullest , no matter what . '' 
 `` you 're a great man , joseph , one of the few . 
 now , enough of this . 
 let 's find our wives . '' 
 the two brothers walked through the door , optimistic about the future that lay ahead . 
