 maggie neely woke up to the sound of her mother screaming . 
 she 'd gone to bed as usual , with jake the greatdane sprawled heavily across her feet and the threecats jockeying for position around her head . 
 hercheek was resting on her open geometry book ; there were homework papers scattered among theblankets , along with fragments of potato chips andan empty bag . 
 she was wearing her jeans and a flowered pajama top plus the only two socks she ` dbeen able to find last night : one red velveteen anklet and one blue cotton slouch sock . 
 those particular socks would eventually meanthe difference between life and death for her , but at the moment maggie had no idea of that . 
 she was simply startled and disoriented frombeing wakened suddenly . 
 she 'd never heard thiskind of screaming before , and she wondered howshe could be so certain it was her mother doing it . 
 something ... really bad is happening , maggierealized slowly . 
 the worst . 
 the clock on her nightstand said 2:11 a.m. and then before she even realized she was moving , she was lurching across her bedroom floor , with piles of dirtyclothes and sports equipmenttrying to trip her up . 
 she banged her shin on a wastebasket in the middle of the roomand ploughed right on through . 
 the hallway was dim , but the living room at the end was blazing withlight and the screams were coming from there . 
 jake trotted along beside her . 
 when they got tothe foyer by the living room he gave a half growl , half bark . 
 maggie took in the whole scene in a glance . 
 itwas one of those moments when everythingchanges forever . 
 the front door was open , letting in the cold airof a november night in washington . 
 maggie 's father was wearing a short bathrobe and holding hermother , who was pulling and tearing at him as ifshe were trying to get away , screaming breathlesslyall the while . 
 and in the doorway four people were standing : two sheriffs , a national park ranger , and sylvia weald . 
 sylvia . 
 her brother miles 's girlfriend . 
 and knowledge hit her quick and hardasa hammer blow . 
 beside her , jake growled again , but maggie only heard it distantly . 
 no one else even lookedtoward them . 
 i ca n't believe how well i 'm taking this , maggiethought . 
 something 's wrong with me . 
 i 'm not hysterical at all . 
 her mind had gotten hold of the idea quiteclearly , but there was no reaction in her body , no terrible feeling in her stomach . 
 an instant later itswept over her , exactly what she 'd been afraid of . 
 a wash of adrenaline that made her skin tinglepainfully and a horrible sensation of falling in her stomach . 
 a numbness that started in her cheeksand spread to her lips and jaw . 
 oh , please , she thought stupidly . 
 please let it notbe true . 
 maybe he 's just hurt.that would be allright . 
 he had an accident and he 's hurt-but notdead . 
 but if he were hurt her mother would n't bestanding there screaming . 
 she would be on her way to the hospital , and nobody could stop her . 
 so thatdid n't work , and maggie 's mind , darting and wheel ing like a frightened little animal , had to go back to please do n't let this be true . 
 strangely , at that moment , it seemed as if theremight be some way to make it not true . 
 if sheturned around and sneaked back to her bedroombefore anyone saw her ; if she got into bed and pulled the blankets over her head and shut hereyes ... but she could n't leave her mother screaming like this . 
 just then the screams died down a little . 
 her father was speaking in a voice that did n't sound at all like his voice . 
 it was a sort of choked whisper . 
 `` but why did n't you tell us you were going climbing ? 
 if you left on halloween then it 's been sixdays . 
 we did n't even know our son was missing ... '' `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 sylvia was whispering , too . 
 `` wedid n't expect to be gone long . 
 miles 's roommatesknew we were going , but nobody else . 
 it was justa spur-of-themoment thingwe did n't have classeson halloween and the weather was so nice andmiles said , hey , let 's go out to chimney rock . 
 and we justwent ... '' hey , let 's go.he used to say that kind of thing to me , maggie thought with a strange , dazed twinge.but not since he met sylvia . 
 the male sheriff was looking at maggie 's father . 
 `` you were n't surprised that you had n't heard from your son since last friday ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he 's gotten so independent since he movedout to go to college . 
 one of his roommates calledthis afternoon to ask if miles was here-but hedid n't say that miles had been gone for almost aweek . 
 i just thought he 'd missed a class orsomething ... '' maggie 's father 's voice trailed off . 
 the sheriff nodded . 
 `` apparently his roommatesthought he 'd taken a little unauthorized vacation , `` he said . 
 `` they got worried enough to call us tonight-but by then a ranger had already pickedup sylvia . '' 
 sylvia was crying . 
 she was tall but willowy , fragile looking . 
 delicate . 
 she had shimmering hair sopale it was almost silvery and clear eyes the exactcolor of wood violets . 
 maggie , who was short andround faced , with fox-colored hair and brown eyes , had always envied her . 
 but not now . 
 nobody could look at sylvia nowwithout feeling pity . 
 `` it happened that first evening . 
 we started up , but then the weather started turning bad and weturned around . 
 we were moving pretty fast . '' 
 sylviastopped and pressed a fist against her mouth . 
 `` it 's kind of a risky time of year for climbing , '' the female sheriff began gently , but sylvia shookher head . 
 and she was right , maggie thought . 
 it was n't thatbad . 
 sure , it rained here most of the fall , but sometimes what the weather people called a high pressure cell settled in and the skies stayed blue for amonth . 
 all hikers knew that . 
 besides , miles washt scared of weather . 
 he wasonly eighteen but he 'd done lots of hard climbs in washington 's olympic and cascade ranges . 
 he ` dkeep climbing all winter , getting alpine experience in snow and storms . 
 sylvia was going on , her voice getting more jerkybreathless . 
 `` miles was ... he 'd had the flu aweek before and he was n't completely over it . 
 buthe seemed okay , strong . 
 it happened when we were rappelling down . 
 he was laughing and joking andeverything ... i never thought he might be tired enough to makea mistake ... '' her voice wavered turned into a ragged sob and the ranger puthis arm around her . 
 something inside maggie froze . 
 amistake?miles ? 
 she was prepared to hear aboutasudden avalanche or a piece of equipment failing . 
 even sylviafalling and knocking miles off . 
 but miles makinga mistake ? 
 maggie stared at sylvia , and suddenly somethingin the pitiful figure bothered her . 
 there was something odd about that delicatelyflushed face and those tear-drenched violet eyes . 
 itwas all too perfect , too tragic , as if sylvia werean academy award-winning actress doing a famousscene-and enjoying it . 
 `` i do n't know howit happened , '' sylvia was whispering . 
 `` the anchor was good . 
 we should have hada back-up anchor , but we were in a hurry . 
 and he must have ... oh , god , there must have beensomething wrong with his harness . 
 maybe thebuckle was n't fastened right , or the carabiners might have been upside down ... : ' no . 
 suddenly maggie 's feelings crystalized . 
 it was asif everything came into focus at once . 
 that 's impossible . 
 that 's wrong . 
 miles was too good . 
 smart and strong and anamazing technical climber . 
 confident but careful . 
 maggie only hoped she 'd be that good someday . 
 no way he 'd buckle his harness wrong , or clip his ` biners upside down . 
 no matter how sick hewas . 
 in fact , no way he 'd go without a back-upanchor . 
 i ` mthe one who tries to do things like that , and then he yells at me that if i 'm not careful i 'm going to have an adventure . 
 miles does n't . 
 so it meant sylvia was lying . 
 the thought came to maggie on a little wave ofshock . 
 it made her feel as if she were suddenlyspeeding backwards , or as if the room were receding from her very fast . 
 but why?why would sylvia make up such a terrible story ? 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 sylvia had a hand half covering her eyes now . 
 `` i looked for him , but ... there was icefall ... a crevasse ... '' no body . 
 she 's saying there 's no body . 
 with that , a new wave of heat swept over maggie.and , strangely , what made her certain of it was sylvia 's eyes . 
 those violet eyes had been turned down for mostof the time sylvia had beentalking , fixed on thespanish tiles in the entry hall . 
 but now , as sylviagot to the last revelation , they had shifted toward maggie . 
 toward maggie 's feet . 
 they fixed there , slid away , and then came back and stayed . 
 it made maggie glance down at her own feet . 
 my socks . 
 she 's staring at my socks . 
 one red and one blueand she 's noticing that . 
 like an actress who 's said the same lines oftenenough that she does n't even need to pay attention to them anymore . 
 all at once , hot anger was burning through maggie 's shock , filling her so there was no room foranything else . 
 she stared hard at sylvia , whoseemed to be very far away but very bright . 
 and inthat same instant she knew for certain . 
 this girl is lying . 
 she must have done something-something terrible . 
 and she ca n't show us miles 's body - or maybethere is n't a body because he 's still alive . 
 yes ! 
 maggie felt suddenly lifted by hope . 
 it is alla mistake . 
 there 's no reason for miles to be dead.all we have to do is make sylvia tell the truth . 
 but nobody else in the room knew . 
 they wereall listening assylvia went on with her story . 
 theyall believed . 
 `` i did n't get out before the weatherhit ... i hadto stay in the tent for three days . 
 when i got out iwas so weak , but i managed to signal to some climbers . 
 they saved me , took care ofme ... bythen it was too late to look for him . 
 i knew there was no chance he 'd made it through thatstorm ... '' she broke down completely . 
 the ranger began talking about weather conditions and recovery efforts , and suddenly maggie ` smother was making strange gasping noises andsinking toward the floor . 
 `` mom ! '' 
 frightened , maggie started toward her.her father looked up and seemed to realize for thefirst time that she was there . 
 `` oh , maggie . 
 we 've had some bad news . '' 
 he 's trying to take care of me . 
 but he does n'trealize ... i 've got to tell him ... `` dad , '' she said urgently . '' 
 l isten . 
 there 's something - '' `` maggie , '' her mother interrupted , stretching outa hand . 
 she sounded rational , but there was something wild in her eyes . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , baby . 
 something awful has happened - '' and then she fainted . 
 suddenly maggie 's fatherwas staggering under dead weight . 
 and then theranger and one of the sheriffs were brushing pastmaggie . 
 they were holding her mother up , and hermother 's head was lolling , moving around on aboneless neck , and her mother 's mouth and eyeswere part open and part closed . 
 a new kind ofawful feeling came to maggie , making her weakand giddy . 
 she was afraid she would faint herself . 
 `` where can we - '' the male officer began . 
 `` there 's the couch , '' maggie 's father said hoarselyat the same time . 
 there was no room for maggie.she could only stand out of the way and dizzilywatch them carryher mother . 
 as they did , sylvia began murmuring . 
 it tookmaggie a moment to focus on the words . 
 `` i 'm sosorry . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i wish there was something ... i should go home now . '' 
 `` you stay right here , '' the female officer said , looking toward maggie 's mother . 
 `` you 're in no condition to be walking anywhere . 
 you 'd be in the hospital now if you had n't insisted on coming herefirst . '' 
 `` i do n't need a hospital . 
 i 'm just so tired . . 
 : ` the officer turned . 
 `` why do n't you go sit in thecar ? '' 
 she said gently . 
 sylvia nodded . 
 she looked fragile and sad as shewalked down the path toward the squad car . 
 it wasa beautiful exit , maggie thought . 
 you could practically hear the theme music swelling . 
 but maggie was the only one with the chance toappreciate it . 
 she was the only one watching assylvia reached the car ... and paused . 
 and then turned away from it and continued ondown the street . 
 and the end credits run , maggie thought . 
 then she thought , she 's going to her apartment . 
 maggie stood frozen , pulled in two directions . 
 she wanted to stay and help her mother . 
 but something inside her was utterly furious and focused and it was screaming at her to follow sylvia.instinct had always been maggie 's strong point.she hung there for a moment , with her heartpounding so hard that it seemed to be coming out-of her mouth . 
 then she ducked her head andclenched her fists . 
 it was a gesture the girls on her soccer teamwould have recognized . 
 it meant that steely neelyhad made up her mind and was going to rush inwhere smarter people feared to tread . 
 look out , world ; it 's stomping time . 
 maggie whirled and dashed back down the hallinto her bedroom . 
 she slapped the light switch on and lookedaround as if she 'd never seen the place before.what did she need-and why did she always keepit so messy ? 
 how could she find things ? 
 she kicked and pulled at a pile of bath towelsuntil a pair of hightop tennis shoes emerged , thenshe jammed her feet in them . 
 there was no timeto change her pajama top . 
 she snatched a dark blue jacket off the floor and found herself , just fora moment , nose to nose with a photograph stuckinto the frame of her mirror . 
 a picture of miles , on the summit of mountrainier . 
 he was grinning and giving the thumbs upsign . 
 his hat was off and his auburn hair was shining in the sun like red gold . 
 he looked handsomeand a little wicked . 
 scrawled in black marker across white snow was `` for the bossiest , nosiest , stubbornest , best little sister in the world . 
 love , miles . '' 
 with no idea whyshe was doing it , maggie pulledthe picture out of the mirror . 
 she shoved it in herjacket pocket and ran back down the hall . 
 everyone was gathered around the couch , now.even jake was nosing his way in . 
 maggie could n't see her mother , but the lack of frantic activity toldher that there was n't any crisis going on . 
 everyoneseemed quiet and restrained . 
 it 'll just take a few minutes . 
 it 's better for me notto tell them anything until i 'm sure . 
 i 'll probablybe back before they even realize i 'm gone . 
 itwas raining , of course . 
 not a terrible storm , justa steady spitting patter that maggie hardly noticed.it plastered her hair down but it also concealed thenoise of her steps . 
 and the lowlying clouds blocked out mountrainier . 
 in clear weather the mountain loomed over the city like an avenging white angel . 
 i ` mactuallyfollowingsomebody , maggiethought . 
 she could hardly believe it , but she wasreally moving down her own home street like a spy , skirting cars and ducking behind rhododendron bushes . 
 while all the time keeping her eyes on the slender figure in front of her . 
 that was what kept her going . 
 she might havefelt silly and almost embarrassed to be doing thisbut not tonight . 
 what had happened put her farbeyond embarrassment , and if she ` started to relax inside and feel the faint pricklings of uncertainty , memory surged up again and swept everythingelse away . 
 the memory of sylvia 's voice . 
 the buckle might not have been fastenedright.and the memory ofher mother 's hand going limp as her body sagged . 
 i 'll follow you no matter where you go , maggie thought . 
 and then ... she did n't know what then . 
 she was trusting to instinct , letting it guide her . 
 it was stronger andsmarter than she was at the moment . 
 sylvia 's apartment was in the u district , the college area around the university of washington . 
 itwas a long walk , and by the time they reached it , the rain was coming down harder . 
 maggie was gladto get out of it and follow sylvia into the under ground garage . 
 this is a dangerous place , she thought as shewalked into the echoing darkness . 
 but it was simply a note made by her mind , with no emotionattached . 
 at the moment she felt as if she couldpunch a mugger hard enough to splatter himagainst the wall . 
 she kept a safe distance as sylvia waited for the elevator , then headed for the stairs . 
 third floor . 
 maggie trotted up faster than the elevator could make it and arrived not even breathing hard . 
 thedoor of the stairwell was half open and she watched from behind it as sylvia walked to anapartment door and raised a hand to knock . 
 before she could , the door opened . 
 a boy wholooked a little older than maggie was holding it , letting a couple of laughing girls out . 
 music driftedto maggie , and the smell of incense . 
 they 're having a party in there . 
 that should n't be so shocking-it was saturdaynight . 
 sylvia lived with three roommates ; they were undoubtedly the ones having the party . 
 but as the girls walked past sylvia they smiled and noddedand sylvia smiled and nodded back before walkingcalmly through the door . 
 hardly the sort of thing you do when your boyfriend 's just been killed , maggie thought fiercely.and it does n't exactly fit the `` tragic heroine '' act , either . 
 then she noticed something . 
 when the boy holding the door let go , it had swung almost shut - but not quite . 
 can i do it ? 
 maybe . 
 if i look confident . 
 i 'd haveto walk right in as if i belonged , not hesitate . 
 and hope she does n't notice . 
 then get behindher . 
 see if shetalksto anybody , what she says ... the laughing girls had caught the elevator . 
 maggie walked straight up to the door and , withoutpausing , she pushed it open and went inside . 
 look confident , she thought , and she kept ongoing , instinctively moving toward a side wall . 
 herentry did n't seem to have caused a stir , and it waseasier than she 'd thought to walk in among these strangers . 
 the apartment was very dark , for onething . 
 and the music was medium loud , and everybody seemed to be talking . 
 the only problem was that she could n't see sylvia . 
 she put her back to the wall and waited forher eyes to adjust . 
 not over there-not by the stereo . 
 probably inone of the bedrooms in back , changing . 
 it was as she moved toward the little hallwaythat led to the bedrooms that maggie really noticedthe strangeness . 
 something about this apartment , about this party ... was off . 
 weird . 
 it gave her thesame feeling that sylvia did . 
 danger . 
 this place is dangerous . 
 everybody there was so good-looking - or elseugly in a really fashionable way , as if they 'd juststepped off mtv . 
 but there was an air about themthat reminded maggie of the sharks at the seattleaquarium . 
 a coldness that could n't be seen , onlysensed . 
 there is something so wrong here . 
 are they alldrug dealers or something?satanists?some kindof junior mafia ? 
 they just feel so evil ... maggie herself felt like a cat with all its fur standing on end . 
 when she heard a girl 's voice coming from thefirst bedroom , she froze , hoping it was sylvia . 
 `` really , the most secret place you 've ever imagined . '' 
 it was n't sylvia . 
 maggie could just see thespeaker through the crack in the door . 
 she waspale and beautiful , with one long black braid , andshe was leaning forward and lightly touching theback of a boy 's hand . 
 `` so exotic , so mysterious-it 's a place from thepast , you see . 
 it 's ancient , and everybody 's forgotten about it , but it 's still there . 
 of course , it 's terribly dangerous-but not forus ... '' not relevant , maggie 's mind decided , and shestopped listening . 
 somebody 's weird vacationplans ; nothing to do with sylvia or miles . 
 she kept on edging down the hall . 
 the door atthe end was shut . 
 sylvia 's bedroom . 
 well , she has to be in there ; she is n't anywhereelse . 
 with a surreptitious glance behind her , maggie crept closer to the door . 
 she leaned toward it untilher cheek touched the cool white paint on the wood , all the while straining her eyes toward theliving room in case somebody should turn her way . 
 she held her breath and tried to look casual , buther heart was beating so loudly that she could only hear it and the music . 
 certainly there was nobody talking behind thedoor . 
 maggie 's hopes of eavesdropping faded . 
 all right , then , i 'll go in . 
 and there 's no point intrying to be stealthy ; she 's going to notice . 
 so i 'll just do it . 
 it helpedthat she was so keyed up . 
 she did n't even need to brace herself ; her body was at maximum tension already . 
 despite her sense that therewas something menacing about this whole place , she was n't frightened , or at least not in a way that felt like fear . 
 it felt like rage instead , like being desperately ready for battle . 
 she wanted to grab some thing and shake it to pieces . 
 she took hold of the knob and pushed the dooropen . 
 a new smell of incense hit her as the air rushedout . 
 it was stronger than the living room smell , more earthy and musky , with an overlying sweetness that maggie did n't like . 
 the bedroom was even darker than the hall , but maggie stepped inside.there was tension on the door somehow ; as soon as she let go of it , it whispered shut behind her . 
 sylvia was standing beside the desk . 
 she was alone , and she was still wearing thegore-tex climbing outfit she 'd had on at maggie ` shouse . 
 her shimmering fine hair was starting todry and lifting up like little angel feathers awayfrom her forehead . 
 she was doing something with a brass incenseburner , adding pinches of powder and what looked like herbs to it . 
 that was where thesickeninglysweet smell was coming from . 
 maggie had plannedas far as she 'd plannedanything at all - to , rush right up and get in sylvia ` sface . 
 to startle her into some kind of confession . 
 she was going to say , `` i need to talk to you . '' 
 butbefore she could get the first word out , sylvia spokewithout looking up . 
 `` what a shame . 
 you really - should have stayedhome with your . 
 parents , you know . '' 
 her voice wascool and languorous , not hasty and certainly notregretful . 
 maggie stopped in her tracks . 
 now , what 's thatsupposed to mean ? 
 is it athreat ? 
 fine . 
 whatever . 
 i can threaten , too . 
 but she was taken by surprise , and she had toswallow hard before speaking roughly . 
 `` i do n'tknow what you 're talking about , but at least you ` vedropped the weepy-weepy act . 
 you were really badat it . '' 
 `` i thought i was very good , '' sylvia said andadded a pinch of something to the incense burner . 
 `` i 'm sure the officers thought so , too . '' 
 once again , maggie was startled . 
 this was n'tgoing at all as she expected . 
 sylvia was so calm , somuch at ease . ' 
 so much in control of the situation . 
 not anymore , maggie thought . 
 she just admittedit was an act . 
 all that chokey stuff while she was talking about miles ... fury uncoiled in maggie 's stomach like a snake . 
 she took three fast steps forward . 
 `` you knowwhy i 'm here . 
 i want to know what really happenedto my brother . '' 
 `` i told you '' `` you told a bunch of lies ! 
 i do n't know what the truth is . 
 the only thing i do know is that miles would never make a stupid mistake like not buckling his harness . 
 look , if you did somethingdumb-if he 's lying out there hurt or something , and you were too scared to admit ityou 'd bettertell me right now . '' 
 it was the first time she 'd putinto words a reason for sylvia to be lying . 
 sylvia looked up . 
 maggie was startled . 
 in the light of the singlecandle by the incense burner , sylvia 's eyes werenot violet but a more reddish color , like amethyst . 
 they were large and clear and the light seemed to play in them , quivering . 
 `` is that what you think happened ? 
 `` sylviaasked softly . 
 `` i said , i do n't knowwhat happened ! '' 
 maggie feltdizzy suddenly , and fought it , glaring into sylvia 's strange eyes . 
 `` maybe you had a fight or something.maybe you 've got some other boyfriend . 
 maybe you were n't even out climbing on halloween in the first place . 
 all i know is that you lied and that there 's no body to find . 
 and i want to know the truth ! '' 
 sylvia looked back steadily , the candlelight dancing in her purple eyes . 
 `` you know what yourbrother told me aboutyou ? '' 
 she asked musingly . 
 `` two things . 
 the first was that you never gave up . 
 he said , ` maggie 's no rocket scientist , but once shegets hold of something she 's just like a little bull terrier . ' 
 and the second was that you were a complete sucker for anybody in trouble . 
 a real bleeding heart . '' 
 she added a few fingernail-sized chips of smoothbark to the mixture that was smoking in the incense burner . 
 `` which is too bad , '' she went on thoughtfully . 
 `` strong-willed and compassionate : that 's a real recipe for disaster . '' 
 maggie had had it . 
 `` what happened to miles ? 
 what did you dotohim ? '' 
 sylvia laughed , a little secret laugh . 
 `` i 'm afraidyou could n't guess if you spent the rest of yourshort life trying . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` it was toobad , actually . 
 i liked him . 
 we could have beengood together . '' 
 maggie wanted to know one thing . 
 `` is he dead ? '' 
 `` i told you , you 'll never find out . 
 not even whenyou go where you 're going . '' 
 maggie stared at her , trying to make sense ofthis . 
 she could n't . 
 when she spoke it was in a levelvoice , staring into sylvia 's eyes . 
 `` i do n't know what your problem is-maybeyou 're crazy or something . 
 but i ` mtellingyou rightnow , if you 've done anything to my brother , i am going to killyou . '' 
 she 'd never said anything like this before , butnow it came out quite naturally , with force andconviction . 
 she was so angry that all she could seewas sylvia 's face . 
 her stomach was knotted and sheactually felt a burning in her middle , as if therewere a glowing fire there . 
 `` now , '' she said , `` areyou going to tell me what happened to him ? '' 
 sylvia sighed , spoke quietly . 
 `` no . '' 
 before maggie quite knew she was doing it , shehad reached out and grabbed the front of sylvia 's green gore-tex jacket with both hands . 
 something sparked in sylvia 's eyes . 
 for a moment , she looked startled and interested and grudgingly respectful . 
 then she sighed again , smilingfaintly . 
 `` and now you 're going to kill me ? '' 
 `` listen , you ... `` maggie leaned in . 
 she stopped . 
 `` listen to what ? '' 
 maggie blinked . 
 her eyes were stinging suddenly.the smoke from the incense burner was rising directly into her face . 
 `` you ... '' i feel strange , maggie thought . 
 very strange . 
 dizzy . 
 it seemed to come over herall at once . 
 there was a pattern of flashing gray spreading across her vision . 
 her stomach heavedand she felt a wave of queasiness . 
 `` having a problem ? '' 
 sylvia 's voice seemed tocome from far away . 
 the incense . 
 it was rising right in her face . 
 and now ... `` what did you do to me ? '' 
 maggie gasped . 
 shereeled backward , away from the smoke , but it wastoo late . 
 her knees were horribly rubbery . 
 herbody seemed to be far away somehow , and the sparkling pattern blinded her completely . 
 she felt the back of her legs come up against abed . 
 then they simply were n't supporting her anymore ; she was slithering down , unable to catch herself with her useless arms . 
 her lips were numb . 
 `` you know , for a moment there , i thought imight be in trouble , '' sylvia 's voice was sayingcalmly . 
 ` but i was wrong . 
 the truth is that you ` rejust an ordinary girl , after all . 
 weak and powerlessand ordinary . 
 how could you even thinkabout going up against me ? 
 against my people ? '' 
 am i dying ? 
 maggie wondered . 
 i 'm losing myself.i ca n't see and i ca n't move ... `` how could you come here and attack me ? 
 how could you thinkyouhad a chance at winning ? '' 
 even sylvia 's voice seemed to be getting more and more distant . 
 `` you 're pathetic . 
 but now you 'll find out what happens when you mess with real power.you 'll learn ... '' the voice was gone . 
 there was only arushingnoise in anendless blackness . 
 maggie was dreaming . 
 she knew she was dreaming , and that was strange enough , but what was even stranger was the fact that she knew it was n'tan ordinary dream . 
 this was something ... that came from outside her , that was being ... sent . 
 some deep part ofher mind fumbled for the proper words , seethingwith frustration , even while the normal part of her was busy staring around her and being afraid . 
 mist . 
 mist everywhere , white tendrils that snakedgracefully across her vision and coiled around herlike genii that had just been let out of lamps . 
 she had the feeling that there were dark shapes out inthe mist ; she seemed to see them looming out of the corner of her eye , but as soon as she turned they were obscured again . 
 gooseflesh rose on maggie 's arms . 
 it was n't justthe touch of the mist . 
 there was a noise that madethe hairs on the back of her neck tingle . 
 it was justat the threshold of hearing , distorted by distanceor something else , and it seemed to be calling overand over again , `` who are you ? '' 
 give me a break , maggie thought . 
 she shook herhead hard to get rid of the prickly feeling on herneck . 
 this is just way too ... too gothic.do ialways have corny dreams like this ? 
 but the next moment something happened thatsent a new chill washing over her , this time oneof simple , everyday alarm . 
 something was comingthrough the mist , fast . 
 she turned , stiffening . 
 and then , strangely , everything seemed to change at once . 
 the mist began to recede . 
 she saw a figure , darkagainst it , nothing more than a silhouette at first.for just an instant she thought of miles-but thethought was gone almost as quickly as it came . 
 itwas a boy , but a stranger , she could tell by theshape of him and the way he moved . 
 he wasbreathing hard and calling in a desperate voice , `` where are you ? 
 where are you ? '' 
 so that was it . 
 not `` whoare you , '' maggiethought . 
 `` where are you ? 
 maggie ! 
 where are you ? '' 
 the sound of her own name startled her . 
 buteven as she drew in a sharp breath , he turned andsaw her . 
 and stopped short . 
 the mist was almost gonenow and she could see his face . 
 his expression wasone of wonder and relief and joy . 
 `` maggie , '' he whispered . 
 maggie stood rooted to the spot . 
 she did n't knowhim . 
 she was positive she had never seen him before . 
 but he was staring at herasif ... asif shewere the most important thing in the universe tohim , and he 'd been searching for her for years untilhe 'd almost given up hope . 
 she was too astonished to moveashe suddenly erupted from stillness . 
 in three long steps he was in front of her , his handsclosing on her shoulders . 
 gently . 
 not possessively . 
 butasif he had theabsolute right to do this , andasif he needed toconvince himself she was real . 
 `` it worked . 
 i got through , '' he said . 
 he was the most striking person she 'd ever seen.dark hair , a little rough and tousled , with a tendency to wave . 
 smooth fair skin , elegant bones . 
 a mouth that lookedasif it normally might be proud and willful , but right now was simply vulnerable . 
 and fearless , brilliant yellow eyes . 
 it was those eyes that held her , arresting andstartling in an already distinctive face . 
 no , she hadnever seen him before . 
 she would have remembered . 
 he was a whole head taller than she was , andlithe and nicely muscled . 
 but maggie did n't have a feeling of being overpowered . 
 there was so muchtender anxiety in his face , and something nearpleading in those fierce , blacklashed golden eyes . 
 `` listen , i know you do n't understand , and i ` msorry . 
 but it was so hard getting through-andthere is n't much time . '' 
 dazed and bewildered , maggie latched onto thelast sentence almost mechanically . 
 `` what do you mean-getting through ? '' 
 `` never mind . 
 maggie , you have to leave ; do youunderstand that ? 
 as soonas you wake up , you getout of here . '' 
 `` leave where ? 
 `` maggie was more confused than ever , not for lack of information , but because she was suddenly threatened by too much of it . 
 sheneeded to remember-where had she gone tosleep ? 
 something had happened , something involv ing miles . 
 she 'd been worried about him ... `` my brother , '' she said with sudden urgency . 
 `` i was looking for my brother . 
 i need to find him . 
 `` even though she could n't remember exactly why . 
 the golden eyes clouded over . 
 `` you ca n't thinkabout him now . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` you know something a - '' `` maggie , the important thing is for you to getaway safe . 
 and to do that you have to go as soonas you wake up . 
 i 'm going to show you the way . '' 
 he pointed through the mist , and suddenly maggie could see a landscape , distant but clear , like afilm being projected on a veil of smoke . 
 `` there 's a pass , just below the big overhanging rock . 
 do you see it ? '' 
 maggie did n't understand why she needed to see it . 
 she did n't recognize the landscape , although it might have been anywhere in the olympics or thecascade mountain range above the tree line . 
 `` first you find the place where you see threepeaks together , the same height and leaning towardeach other . 
 do you see ? 
 and then you look downuntil you find the overhanging rock . 
 it 's shaped like a wave breaking . 
 do you see ? '' 
 his voice was so urgent and imperious that maggie had to answer . 
 `` i see . 
 but - '' `` remember it . 
 find it . 
 go and never look back . 
 if you get away all right , the rest does n't matter . '' 
 his face was pale now , the features carved in ice . 
 `` the whole world can fall into ruin , for all i care . '' 
 and then , with the suddenness that characterizedallhis movements , he leaned forward and kissedher . 
 a nice kiss , on the cheek . 
 she felt his warm , quick breath there , then his lips pressing lightly , and then a sudden quivering in them , asif he wereovercome by some strong emotion . 
 passion , maybe , or excruciating sadness . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispered , his breath stirring thehair by her ear . 
 `` i did love you . 
 always remember that . '' 
 maggie was dizzy with confusion . 
 she did n't understand anything , and she should push this stranger away . 
 but she did n't want to . 
 howeverfrightened she was , it was n't of him . 
 in fact , shehad an irresistible feeling of peace and security inhis arms . 
 a feeling of belonging . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 but beforehecould answer , everythingchanged again . 
 the mist came back . 
 not slowly , but like fog rolling in , quick and silent , muffling everything . 
 thewarm , solid body against maggie 's suddenlyseemed insubstantial , as if it were made of fogitself . 
 `` wait a minute - '' she could hear her voice rising in panic , but deadened by the pearly cocoonaround her . 
 maggie woke slowly . 
 and painfully . 
 i must be sick , she thought . 
 it was the only explanation for the way she felt . 
 her bodywas heavy and achy , her head was throbbing , and her sinuseswere completely stuffed up . 
 she was breathing through her mouth , which was so dry and glueythat her tongue stuck to the roof of it . 
 i was having a dream , she thought . 
 but even asshe grasped at bits of it , , it dissolved . 
 somethingabout ... fog ? 
 and a boy . 
 it seemed vaguely important for her to remember , but even the importance was hard to keep holdof . 
 besides , another , more practical considerationwas overriding it . 
 thirst . 
 she was dying of thirst . 
 i need a glass of water ... it took a tremendous effort to lift her head and open her eyes . 
 but when she did , her brain cleared fast . 
 she was n't in her bedroom . 
 she was in asmall , dark , smelly room ; a room that was moving jerkily , bouncing her painfully up and down andfrom side to side . 
 there was a rhythmic noise com ing from just outside that she felt she should be able to recognize . 
 below her cheek and under her fingers was theroughness of unpainted wood . 
 the ceiling andwalls were made of the same silvery , weatheredboards . 
 what kind of room is small and made of woodand ... not a room , she thought suddenly . 
 a vehicle . 
 some kind of wooden cart . 
 as soon as she realized it , she knew what therhythmic sound was . 
 horses ' hoofs . 
 no , it ca n't be , she thought . 
 it 's too bizarre . 
 i am sick ; i 'm probably hallucinating . 
 but it felt incredibly real for a hallucination . 
 itfelt exactlyasif she were in a wooden cart beingdrawn by horses . 
 over rough ground . 
 which ex plained all the jostling . 
 so what was going on?what was she doinghere ? 
 where did i go to sleep ? 
 all at once adrenaline surged through her-andwith it a flash of memory . 
 sylvia . 
 the incense ... miles . 
 miles is dead ... no . 
 he 's not . 
 sylvia said thatbut she was lying . 
 and then she said i 'd never findout what happened to him . 
 and then she druggedme with that smoke . 
 it gave maggie a faint feeling of satisfaction tohave put this much together . 
 even if everythingelse was completely confusing , she had a solidmemory to hang on to . 
 `` you woke up , '' a voice said . 
 `` finally . 
 this kidsays you 've been asleep for a day and a half . '' 
 maggie pushed herself up by stages until shecould see the speaker . 
 it was a girl with untidy red hair , an angular , intense face , and flat , hard eyes.she seemed to be about maggie 's age . 
 beside her was a younger girl , maybe nine or ten . 
 she was very pretty , slight , with short blond hair under ared plaid baseball cap . 
 she looked frightened . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 maggie said indistinctly . 
 hertongue was thick-she was so thirsty . 
 `` where ami ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` huh . 
 you 'll find out , '' the redhaired girl said . 
 maggie looked around . 
 there was a fourth girl inthe cart , curled up in the corner with her eyes shut . 
 maggie felt stupid and slow , but she tried togather herself . 
 `` what do you mean i 've been asleep for a day and a half ? '' 
 the redhaired girl shrugged . 
 `` that 's what shesaid . 
 i would n't know . 
 they just picked me up afew hours ago . 
 i almost made it out of this place , but they caughtme . '' ' 
 maggie stared at her . 
 there was a fresh bruiseon one of the girl 's angular cheekbones and her lipwas swollen . 
 `` whatplace ? '' 
 she said slowly . 
 when nobodyanswered , she went on , ` look . 
 i 'm maggie neely . 
 i do n't know where this is or what i 'm doing here , but the last thing i remember is a girl named sylviaknocking me out . 
 sylvia weald . 
 do you guysknow her ? '' 
 the redhead just stared back with narrowedgreen eyes . 
 the girl lying down did n't stir , and theblond kid in the plaid cap cringed . 
 `` come on , somebody talk to me ! '' 
 `` you really doe t know what 's going on ? '' 
 the redhaired girl said . 
 `` if i knew , i would n't be asking over and over ! '' 
 the girl eyed her a moment , then spoke with akind of malicious pleasure . 
 `` you 've been sold into slavery . 
 you re a slave now . '' 
 maggie laughed . 
 it was a short involuntary sound , and it hurt heraching head . 
 the blond kid flinched again . 
 something in her expression made maggie 's grin fadeaway . . 
 she felt a cold ripple up her spine . 
 `` come on , '' she said . 
 `` give me a break . 
 thereare n't slaves anymore ! '' 
 `` there are here . '' 
 the redhead smiledagain , nastily . 
 `` but i bet you do n't know whereyouare , either . '' 
 `` in washington state - '' even as she said it , maggie felt her stomach tighten . 
 `` wrong . 
 or right , but it does n't matter . 
 technically we may be in washington , but where we really are is hell . '' 
 maggie was losing her self control . 
 `` what are you talkingabout ? '' 
 `` take a look through that crack . '' 
 there were lots of cracks in the cart ; the palelight that filtered through them was the only illumi nation . 
 maggie knelt up and put her eye to a big one , blinking and squinting . 
 at first she could n't see much . 
 the cart wasbouncing and it was hard to determine what shewas looking at . 
 all she knew was that there seemedto be no color . 
 everything was either phosphorescent white or dead black . 
 gradually she realized that the white was an overcast sky , and the black was a mountain . 
 a big mountain , close enough to smack her face against . 
 it reared up haughtily against the sky , its lowerreaches covered with trees that seemed ebony instead of green and swimming with mist . 
 its top wascompletely wreathed in clouds ; there was no way to judge how high it was . 
 and beside it was another mountain just like it.maggie shifted , trying to get a wider view . 
 therewere mountains everywhere , in an impenetrablering surrounding her . 
 they were ... scary . 
 maggie knew mountains , and loved them , butthese were different from any she 'd ever seen . 
 so cold , and with that haunted mist creeping everywhere . 
 the place seemed to be full of ghosts , materializing and then disappearing with an almostaudible wail . 
 it was like another world . 
 maggie sat down hard , then slowly turned backto look at the redheaded girl . 
 `` where is this ? '' 
 she said , and her voice was almost a whisper . 
 to her surprise , the girl did n't laugh maliciouslyagain . 
 instead she looked away , with eyes thatseemed to focus on some distant and terrible memory , and she spoke in almost a whisper herself . 
 `` it 's the most secret place in the night world . '' 
 maggie felt as if the mist outside had reached down the back of her pajama top . 
 `` the what ? '' 
 `` the night world . 
 it 's like an organization . 
 for all of them , youknow . '' 
 when maggie just looked at her , she went on , `` them . 
 the ones that are n't human . '' 
 this time what maggie felt was a plunging in her stomach , and she honestly did n't know if it was because she was locked up in here with a loony , or if some part of her already accepted what the loony was saying . 
 either way , she was scared sick , and she could n't say anything . 
 the girl with red hair flicked a glance at her , and the malicious pleasure came back . 
 `` the vampires , '' she said distinctly , `` and the shapeshifters and the witches - '' oh , god , maggie thought . 
 sylvia.sylvia is a witch . 
 she did n't know how she knew and probably part of her did n't believe it anyway , but the word was thundering around inside her like an avalanche , gathering evidence as it fell . 
 the incense , those strange purple eyes , the way miles fell for her so fast and hardly ever called the family after he met her , and changed his whole personality , just as if he 'd been under a spell , bewitched and helpless , and , oh , miles , why did n't i guess ... i 'm not smart , but i 've always been a good judge of character . 
 how could i screw up when it counted ? 
 `` they do n't normally have places of their own , '' the redheaded girl was going on ; and the wordswere somehow finding their way to maggie 's earsdespite the chaos going on inside her . 
 `` mostly theyjust live in ourcities , pretending to be like us . 
 butthis valley is special ; it 's been here in the cascades for centuries and humans have never found it . 
 it 's all surrounded by spells and fogand those moun tains . 
 there 's a pass through them , big enough forcarts , but only the night people can see it . 
 it ` scalled the dark kingdom . '' 
 oh , terrific , maggie thought numbly . 
 the namewas strangely suited to what she 'd seen outside . 
 yellow sunlight was almost impossible to imagine in this place . 
 those filmy wraiths of mist held it ina shimmering silvery-white spell . 
 `` and you 're trying to say that we 're all ... slaves now ? 
 but how did you guys get here ? '' 
 when the redhead did n't answer , she looked atthe little blond girl . 
 the girl shifted her slight body , gulped . 
 finallyshe spoke in a husky little voice . 
 `` i 'm p.j. penobscot . 
 i was-it happened to meon halloween . 
 i was trick-or-treating . '' 
 she looked down at herself and maggie realized she was wearing a tan cable-knit sweater and a vest . 
 `` i was agolfer . 
 and i was only supposed to go on my ownblock because the weather was getting bad . 
 but myfriend aaron and i went across the street and thiscar stopped in front ofme ... `` she trailed off andswallowed hard . 
 maggie reached over and squeezed her hand . 
 `` i bet you were a great golfer . '' 
 p.j. smiled wanly . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 then her small face hardened and her eyes became distant . 
 `` aaron got away , but this man grabbed me . 
 i tried to hit him with my golf club , but he took it away . 
 he lookedat me and then he put me in the car . 
 he wasstrong . '' 
 `` he was a professional slave trader , '' the redhaired girl said . 
 `` both the guys i 've seen are pros.that 's why they looked at her face-they takepretty slaves when they can get them . '' 
 maggie stared at her , then turned to p.j. `` andthen what ? '' 
 `` they put something over my face-i was stillfighting and yelling and everything-and then iwent to sleep for a while . 
 i woke up in this warehouse place . '' 
 she breathed once and looked at herthin wrists . 
 `` i was chained to a bed and i was allalone . 
 i was alone for a while . 
 and then , maybe itwas the next day , they brought in her . 
 `` she noddedat the girl sleeping in the corner . 
 maggie looked at the still form . 
 it did n't moveexcept when the cart shook it . 
 `` is she all right ? '' 
 `` she 's sick . 
 they left her there for a long time , maybe four days , but she never really woke up . 
 ithink she 's getting worse . '' 
 p.j. 's voice was quiet and detached . 
 `` they came in to give us food , but that was all . 
 and then yesterday they brought you in . 
 maggie blinked . 
 `` to the warehouse . '' 
 p.j. nodded solemnly . 
 `` you were asleep , too . 
 but i do n't know what happened after that . 
 they putthe cloth over my face again . 
 when i woke up iwas in a van . '' 
 `` they use those for transport on the other side , `` the redhaired girl said . 
 `` to get up to the pass . 
 then they switch to a cart . 
 the people in this valleyhave never seen a car . '' 
 `` so you mean i slept through all that ? '' 
 maggieasked p.j. p.j. nodded again , and the redhead said , `` theyprobably gave you more of the drug . 
 they try to keep everybody too doped up to fight . '' 
 maggie was chewing her lip . 
 something had occurred to her . 
 maybe sylvia had n't gone climbingwith miles at all . 
 `` so , pj . 
 , you never saw any other slaves besides that girl ? 
 you did n't see a boy ? '' 
 she fished in her jacket pocket and pulled out the photoof miles . 
 `` a boy who looked like this ? '' 
 p.j. looked at the photograph gravely , then shookher head . 
 `` i never saw him before . 
 he looks likeyou . 
 `` he 's my brother , miles . 
 he disappeared on halloween , too . 
 i thought maybe ... . 
 `` maggie shookher head , then held the photograph toward the redhaired girl . 
 `` never seen him before , '' the girl said shortly . 
 maggie looked at her . 
 for somebody who likedto talk about scary things , she did n't say much thatwas helpful . 
 `` and what about you ? 
 how 'd you gethere ? '' 
 the girl snorted . 
 `` i told you . 
 i was getting outofthe valley . '' 
 her face tightened . 
 `` and i almost madeit through the pass , but they caught me and stuckme in here . 
 i should have made them kill me instead . '' 
 `` whoa , '' maggie said . 
 she glanced at pi . 
 , meaning that they should n't frighten her unnecessarily . 
 `` it ca n't be that bad . '' 
 to her surprise , the girl did n't sneer or get mad . 
 `` it 's worse , '' she said , almost whispering again . 
 `` just leave it alone . 
 you ' l find out . '' 
 maggie felt the hair at the back of her neck stir . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 the girl turned , her green eyes burning darkly . 
 `` the night people have to eat , '' she said . 
 `` they caneat normal things , food and water . 
 but the vampires have to drink blood and the shapeshiftershave to eat flesh . 
 is that clear enough for you ? '' 
 maggie sat frozen . 
 she was n't worried aboutscaring p.j. anymore . 
 she was too scared herself . 
 `` we 're slave labor for them , but we 're also a foodsupply . 
 a food supply that lasts a long time , through lots of feedings , '' the girl said brusquely . 
 maggie ducked her head and clenched her fists . 
 `` well , then , obviously we 've got to escape , '' she said through her teeth . 
 the redhead gave a laugh so bitter that maggiefelt a chill down her spine . 
 she looked at p.j. `` do you want to escape ? '' 
 `` leave her alone ! '' 
 the redhead snapped . 
 `` you , do n't understand what you 're talking about . 
 we ` reonly humans ; they 're night people . 
 there 's nothingwe can do against them , nothing ! '' 
 `` but - 2 -rrb- `` do you know what the night people do to slaveswho try to escape ? '' 
 and then the redhaired girl turned her back onmaggie . 
 she did it with a lithe twist that left maggie startled . 
 did i hurt her feelings ? 
 maggie thought stupidly . 
 the redhead glanced back over her shoulder , atthe same time reaching around to grasp the bottomof her shirt in back . 
 her expression was unreadable , but suddenlymaggie was nervous . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 the redhaired girl gave a strange little smile andpulled the shirt up , exposing her back . 
 somebody had been playing tic-tac-toe there . 
 the lines were cut into the flesh of her back , thescars shiny pink and only half healed . 
 in thesquares were xs and os , raggedy-looking andbrighter red because for the most part they 'd beenburned in . 
 a few looked cut , like the strategic posi tion in the middle which would have been takenfirst . 
 somebody had won , three diagonal xs , and had run a burn-line through the winning marks . 
 maggie gasped . 
 she kept on gasping . 
 she started to hyperventilate , and then she started to faint . 
 the world seemed to recede from her , narrowingdown to a one-dimensional point of light . 
 but there was n't room to actually fall over . 
 as she slumpedbackward , she hit the wall of the cart . 
 the world wobbled and came back , shiny at the edges . 
 `` oh , god , '' maggie said . 
 `` oh , god.they did thisto you ? 
 how could they dothat ? '' 
 `` this is nothing , '' the girl said . 
 `` they did it wheni escaped the first time . 
 and now i escaped againand i got caught again . 
 this time they 'll do something worse . '' 
 she let go of her top and it slid downto cover her back again . 
 maggie tried to swallow , but her mouth was toodry . 
 before she knew she was moving , she foundherself grabbing the girl 's arms from behind . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 `` who ca - '' `` what 's your name ? '' 
 the redhaired girl gave her a peculiar look over her shoulder . 
 then her arms lifted slightly under maggie 's handsas she shrugged . 
 `` jeanne . '' 
 `` jeanne . 
 it 's got to stop , '' maggie said . 
 `` we ca n't let them dothings like that to people . 
 and we ` vegot to get away . 
 if they 're already going to punishyou for escaping , what difference does it make ifyou try it again now ? 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 maggie liked the way that sounded , calm andcompetent and logical . 
 the swift decision for ac tion did n't blot out the memory of what she 'd just seen , but it made the whole situation more bearable . 
 she 'd witnessed an injustice and she wasgoing to do something about it . 
 that simple . 
 something so wicked had to be fixed , now . 
 she started to cry . 
 jeanne turned around , gave her a long , assessinglook . 
 p.j. was crying , too , very quietly . 
 maggie found her tears running out . 
 theywere n't doing any good . 
 when she stopped , jeanne was still watching her with narrowed eyes . 
 `` so you 're going to take on the whole nightworld alone , '' she said . 
 maggie wiped her cheeks with her hands . 
 `` no , just the ones here . '' 
 jeanne stared at her another moment , thenstraightened abruptly . 
 `` okay , '' she said , so suddenly that maggie was startled . 
 `` let 's do it . 
 if wecan figure out a way . '' 
 maggie looked toward the back of the cart . 
 `` what about those doors ? '' 
 `` locked and chained on the outside . 
 it 's no goodkicking them . '' 
 from nowhere , an image came into maggie ` smind . 
 herself and miles in a rowboat on lake chelan with their grandfather . 
 deliberately rocking it while their grandfather yelled and fumed . 
 `` what if we all throw our weight from one sideto the other ? 
 if we could turn the cart over , maybethe doors would pop open . 
 you know how armored cars always seem to do that . 
 or maybe it wouldsmash one of the walls enough that we could getout . '' 
 `` and maybe we 'd go falling straight down a ravine , '' jeanne said acidly . 
 `` it 's a long way down to the valley , and this road is narrow . '' 
 but there wasa certain unwilling respect in her eyes . 
 `` i guess wecould try it when we get to a meadow , '' she said slowly . 
 `` i know a place . 
 i 'm not saying it would work ; it probably wo n't . 
 but ... '' `` we have totry , '' maggie said . 
 she was lookingstraight at jeanne . 
 for a moment there was something between them-a flash of understanding andagreement . 
 a bond . 
 `` once we got out , we 'd have to run , '' jeanne said , still slowly . 
 `` they 're sitting up there . '' 
 she pointedto the ceiling at the front of the cart , above maggie 's head . 
 `` this thing is like a stagecoach , okay?there 's a seat up there , and the two guys are onit . 
 professional slave traders are tough . 
 they 're not going to want us to get away . '' 
 `` they might get smashed up when we roll over , `` maggie said . 
 jeanne shook her head sharply . 
 `` night people arestrong . 
 it takes a lot more than that tokill them.we 'd have to just take off and head for the forest as fast as we could . 
 our only chance is to get lostin the trees-and hope they ca n't track us . '' 
 `` okay , '' maggie said . 
 she looked at p.j. `` do youthink you could do that ? 
 just run and keeprunning ? '' 
 p.j. gulped twice , sank her teeth into her top lip , and nodded . 
 she twisted her baseball cap around so the visor faced the back . 
 `` i can run , '' she said . 
 maggie gave heranapproving nod . 
 then shelooked at the fourth girl , the one still curled upasleep . 
 she leaned over to touch the girl 's shoulder . 
 `` forget it , '' jeanne said shortly . 
 `` we ca n't takeher . '' 
 because there 's no point . 
 she 's as good as dead already . '' 
 jeanne 's expression was as hard andclosedas it had been in the beginning . 
 `` but - '' `` ca n't you see ? 
 she 'd slow us down . 
 there 's noway she could run without help . 
 and besides that , p.j. says she 's blind . '' 
 blind . 
 a new little shock went though maggie.what would that be like , to be in this situation andsick and blind on top of it ? 
 she tugged on the girl 's shoulder gently , tryingto see the averted face . 
 but she 's beautiful . 
 the girl had smooth skin the color of coffee with cream , delicate features , high cheekbones , perfectlips . 
 her black hair was pulled into a loose , glossyknot on her neck . 
 her eyes were shut , long eye lashes tremblingas if she were dreaming . 
 it was more than just the physical features , though . 
 there was a serenity about this girl 's face , a gentleness and stillness that was ... unique . 
 `` hey , there , '' maggie said softly . 
 `` can you hearme ? 
 i 'm maggie . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 the girl 's eyelashes fluttered ; her lips parted . 
 tomaggie 's surprise , she murmured something . 
 maggie had to lean down close to catch it . 
 `` arcadia ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 it was a strange name ; she was n't sure she 'd heard right . 
 the girl seemed to nod , murmuring again . 
 she can hear me , maggie thought . 
 she canrespond . 
 `` okay . 
 can i call you cady ? 
 listen to me , cady . 
 `` maggie shook the girl 's shoulder slightly . 
 `` we 're ina bad place but we 're going to try to escape . 
 if we help you out , do you think you can run ? '' 
 again , the eyelashes fluttered . 
 then the eyesopened . 
 doe eyes , maggie thought , startled . 
 they wereextraordinarily large and clear , a warm brown withan inner radiance . 
 and they might be blind , butmaggie had the oddest sensation that she had justbeen seen more clearly than ever before in her life . 
 `` i 'll try , '' cady murmured . 
 she sounded dazedand in pain , but quietly rational . 
 `` sometimes i feelstrong for a little while . '' 
 she pushed herself up . 
 maggie had to help her get into a sitting position . 
 she 's tall . 
 but she 's pretty light ... and i 've gotgood muscles . 
 i can support her . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 `` jeanne said in a voice thatwas not just harsh and impatient but horrified . 
 `` do n't you see ? 
 you 're only making it worse . 
 you should just have let her sleep . '' 
 maggie glanced up . 
 `` look . 
 i do n't know whatyou 're thinking , but we ca n't leave anybody with them . 
 how would you like to be left behind if itwas you ? '' 
 jeanne 's face changed . 
 for a moment , she lookedmore like a savage animal than a girl . 
 `` i 'd understand , '' she snarled . 
 `` because that 's the way it has to be . 
 it 's the law of the jungle , here . 
 only strongpeople survive . 
 the weak ones ... . 
 `` she shook her head . 
 `` they 're better off dead . 
 and the faster youlearn that , the more chance you 'll have . '' 
 maggie felt a spurt of horror and anger-and , fear . 
 because jeanne clearly knew the most about this place , and jeanne might be right . 
 they mightall get caught because of one weak person who would n't make it anyway ... she turned and looked at the lovely face again.arcadia was miles 's age , eighteen or nineteen . 
 and although she seemed to hear what jeanne was say ing-she 'd turned her face that way-she did n'tspeak or argue . 
 she did n't lose her still gentleness , either . 
 i ca n't leave her . 
 what if miles is alive but hurtsomewhere , and somebody wo n't help him ? 
 maggie shot a glance at p.j. in her baseball cap.she was young-she might be able to take care ofherself , but that was all . 
 `` look , this is n't your problem , '' she finally saidto jeanne . 
 `` you just help p.j. get away safe , okay?you take care of her , and iii be responsible for cady . '' 
 `` you 'll be caught with cady , '' jeanne said flatly . 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 `` i 'm not . 
 and i 'm telling you right now ; i 'm notgoing to help you if you get in trouble . '' 
 `` i do n't want you to , '' maggie said . 
 she lookedright into jeanne 's angry eyes . 
 `` really . 
 i do n't wantto wreck your chances , okay ? 
 but i 'm not going toleave her . '' 
 jeanne looked furious for another moment ; thenshe shrugged . 
 all the emotion drained from herface as if she were deliberately distancing herself.the bond she and maggie had shared for that brief moment was severed . 
 she turned , looked through a crack behind her , then turned back . 
 `` fine , '' she said in a dull , indifferent tone . 
 `` whatever you 're going to do , you 'd better get ready todo it now . 
 because the place is coming right up . '' 
 `` ready ? '' 
 maggie said . 
 they were all standing-or crouching , actually , since there was n't room to straighten up-withtheir backs against the walls of the cart . 
 jeanneand p.j. on one side , maggie on the other , with cady in the corner . 
 `` when i say go , you guys jump over here . 
 thenall of us throw ourselves back that way , '' maggie whispered . 
 jeanne was peering out of the crack . 
 `` okay , thisis it , '' she said . 
 `` now . '' 
 maggie said , `` go ! '' 
 she had been a little worried that p.j. would freeze . 
 but the moment the word was out of maggie 's mouth , jeanne launched herself across thecart , crashing heavily into her , and p.j. followed . 
 thecartrockedsurprisinglyhardandmaggieheard the groan of wood . 
 `` back ! '' 
 she yelled , and everybody lunged the other way . 
 maggie hit a solid wall and knew shewould have bruises , but the cart rocked again . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 she yelled , and realized that they were all already coming on , throwing themselvesto the other side in perfect sync . 
 it was as if someflocking instinct had taken over and they were all three moving as one , throwing their weight alter nately back and forth . 
 and the cart was responding , grinding to a halt and lurching off balance . 
 it was like one of thoseparty tricks where five or six people each use only two fingers to lift someone on a chair . 
 their combined force was impressive . 
 but not enough to tip the cart over . 
 it was surprisingly well-balanced . 
 and at any minute , maggie realized , the people driving it were going to jumpout and put a stop to it . 
 `` everybody-come on ! 
 really hard ! 
 really hard ! 
 `` she was yelling as if she were encouraging her soccer team . 
 `` we 've got to do it , now . '' 
 she launched herself at the other side as the cartbegan to sway that way , jumping as highas shecould , hitting the wallas it reached the farthestpoint of its rock . 
 she could feel the other girlsflinging themselves with her , she could hear jeanne giving a primal yell as she crashed into the wood . 
 and then there was a splintering sound , amazingly loud , amazingly long . 
 a sort of groaning and shrieking that came from the wood itself , and aneven louder scream of panic that maggie realizedmust have come from the horses . 
 the whole world was , run , maggie thought . 
 stop looking now . 
 run . 
 she ran into the forest , dragging cady with her . 
 they had to find a place to hide - underbrush or something . 
 maybe they could climb a tree ... but one look at cady and she realized how stupid thatidea was . 
 the smooth skin of the girl 's facewas clammy and luminous with sweat , her eyeswere half shut , and her chest was heaving . 
 at least jeanne and p.j. got away , maggiethought . 
 just then there was a crashing behind her , and a voice cursing . 
 maggie threw another glance backand found herself staring at a man 's figure in the mist . 
 a scary man . 
 the mist swirling behind him madehim look eerie , supernatural , but it was more thanthat . 
 he was huge , with shouldersasbroad as a two-by-four , a massive chest , and heavily muscledarms . 
 his waist was surprisingly narrow . 
 his face was cruel . 
 `` gavin ! 
 i 've got two of them ! '' 
 he shouted.maggie did n't wait to hear more . 
 she took offlike a black-tailed deer . 
 and for a long time after that it was just a nightmare of running and being chased , stopping sometimes when she could n't hold cady up anymore , looking for places to hide . 
 at one point , she andcady were pressed together inside a hollow tree , trying desperately to get their breath back withoutmaking a sound , when their pursuers passed right by them . 
 maggie heard the crunch and squish offootsteps on ferns and started praying . 
 she couldfeel cady 's heart beating hard , shaking them both , she realized that cady 's lips were moving soundlessly . 
 maybe she 's praying , too , maggie thought , t , andapplied her eye to a crack in the tree . 
 there were two people there , horribly close , justa few feet away . 
 one was the man she 'd seen before he was doing something bizarre , somethingthat sent chills up her spine . 
 he was turning his face this way and that with his eyes shut , his head twisting on a surprisingly long and supple neck . 
 as if he 's smellingus out , maggie thought , horrified . 
 eyes still shut , the man said , `` do you sense anything ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't feel them at all . 
 and i ca n't see them , with these trees for cover . '' 
 it was a younger manwho spoke , a boy really . 
 he must be gavin , maggiethought . 
 gavin had dark blond hair , a thin nose , a sharp chin . 
 his voice was impatient . 
 `` i ca n't feel them either , '' the big man said flatly , refusing to be hurried . 
 `` and that 's strange . 
 theyca n't have gotten too far away . 
 they must beblocking us . '' 
 `` i do n't care what they 're doing , '' gavin said . 
 `` we 'd better get them back fast . 
 it 's not like theywere ordinary slaves . 
 if we don tdeliver that maiden we 're dead . 
 you 're dead , bern . '' 
 maiden ? 
 maggie thought . 
 i guess in a placewhere they have slaves it 's not weird to talk aboutmaidens . 
 but which girl does he mean ? 
 not me ; i 'm not important . 
 `` we 'll get her back , '' bern was saying . 
 `` we 'd better , '' gavin said viciously . 
 `` or i 'm goingto tell her that it was your fault . 
 we were supposedto make sure this did n't happen . '' 
 `` it has n't happened yet , '' bern said . 
 he turned onhis heel and walked into the mist . 
 gavin staredafter him for a moment , and then followed . 
 maggie let out her breath . 
 she realized that cady 's lips had stopped moving . 
 `` let 's go , '' she whispered , and took off in the opposite direction to the one the men had gone . 
 then there was a time of endless running andpausing and listening and hiding . 
 the forest was aterrible place . 
 around them was eerie twilight , made even spookier by the mist that lay in hollowsand crept over fallen trees . 
 maggie felt as if she were in some awful fairy tale . 
 the only good thingwas that the dampness softened their footsteps , making it hard to track them . 
 but it was so quiet . 
 no ravens , no gray jays . 
 no deer . 
 just the mist and the trees , going on forever.and then it ended . 
 maggie and cady suddenly burst out into an - . 
 other meadow . 
 maggie gavea frantic glancearound , looking for shelter . 
 nothing . 
 the mist was thinner here , she could see that there were no trees ahead , only an outcrop of rocks . 
 maybe we should double back ... but the voices were shouting in the forest behind them . 
 above the rocks was a barren ledge . 
 it lookedlike the end of a path , winding the other way down the mountain . 
 if we could get there , we 'd be safe , maggiethought . 
 we could be around the corner in a minute , and out of sight . 
 dragging cady , she headed for the rocks . 
 theydid n't belong here ; they were huge granite boulders deposited by some ancient glacier . 
 maggie clambered up the side of one easily , then leaned down . 
 `` give me your hand , '' she said rapidly . 
 `` there sa path up above us , but we 've got to climb a little . '' 
 cady looked at her . 
 or-not looked , maggie supposed . 
 but she turned her face toward maggie , and once again maggie had the odd feeling that those blind eyescould somehow see better than most people 's . 
 `` you should leave me , '' cady said . 
 `` do n't be stupid , '' maggie said . 
 `` hurry up , giveme your hand . '' 
 cady shook her head . 
 `` you go , '' she said quietly.she seemed completely rational-and absolutely exhausted . 
 she had n't lost the tranquility whichhad infused her from the beginning , but now itseemed mixed with a gentle resignation . 
 her fineboned face was drawn with weariness . 
 `` i ` ll justslow you down . 
 and if i stay here , you 'll have moretime to get away . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to leave you ! '' 
 maggie snapped . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 arcadia remained for just a second , her faceturned up to maggie 's , then her clear and luminousbrown eyes filled . 
 her expression was one of inexpressible tenderness . 
 then she shook her headslightly and grabbed maggie 's hand-very accurately . 
 maggie did n't waste . 
 time . 
 she climbed as fastasshe could , pulling cady , rapping out breathless instructions . 
 but the delay had cost them . 
 she could hear the men getting nearer . 
 and when she reached the far end of the pile ofboulders she saw something that sent shock waves through her system . 
 she was looking up a barren cliff face . 
 there wasno connection from the rocks to the ledge above.and below her , the hillside dropped off steeply , ahundred feet down into a gorge . 
 she 'd led cady right into a trap . 
 maggie could have made it to the path aboveif she 'd been by herself . 
 it was an easy climb , thirdlevel at most . 
 but she was n't alone . 
 and there was no way to guide arcadia up a cliff like that . 
 no time to double back to the forest , either . 
 they 're going to get us , maggie realized . 
 `` get down , '' she whispered to cady . 
 there wasahollow at the base of the boulder pile . 
 it would only hold one of them , but at least it was shelter . 
 even as she shoved cady down into it , she hearda shout from the edge of the forest . 
 maggie pressed flat against the rock . 
 it was slippery with moss and lichen and she feltasexposed as a lizard on a wall . 
 all she could do was hang onand listen to the sounds of two men getting closer and closer . 
 and closer , until maggie could hear harshbreathing on the other side of the boulders . 
 `` it 's a dead end - '' gavin 's young voice began . 
 `` no . 
 they 're here . '' 
 and that , of course , was bern . 
 and then there was the most horrible sound inthe world . 
 the grunts of somebody climbing uprock . 
 we 're caught . 
 maggie looked around desperately for a weapon . 
 to her own amazement , she found one , lyingthere as if it had been left especially for her . 
 a dried branch wedged in between the rocks aboveher . 
 maggie reached for it , her heart beating fast.it was heavier than it looked-the climate must be too wet here for anything to really dry out . 
 and the rocks are wet , too . 
 wet and slippery.and there 's one good thing about this place-they ` llhave to come at us one at a time . 
 maybe i can push them off , one by one . 
 `` stay put , '' she whispered to cady , trying to makeher breath last to the end of that short sentence . 
 `` i 've got an idea . '' 
 cady looked beyond exhaustion . 
 her beautifulface was strained , her arms and legs were shakenby a fine trembling , and she was breathing in silentshudders . 
 her hair had come loose in a dark curtain around her shoulders . 
 maggie turned back , her heart beating in her throat and her fingertips , and watched the top of the boulders . 
 but when what she was watching for actually came , she felt a terrible jolt , asif it were completely unexpected . 
 she could n't believe that she was seeing the close-cropped top of a man 's head , then the forehead , then the cruel face . 
 bern . 
 he wasclimbing like a spider , pulling himself by his fingertips . 
 his huge shoulders appeared , then his barrel chest . 
 and he was looking right at maggie . 
 his eyes methers , and his lips curved in a smile . 
 adrenaline washed over maggie . 
 she felt almost disengaged from her body , as if she might floataway from it . 
 but she did n't faint . 
 she stayed motionless as the terror buzzed through her like electricity-and she tightened her grip on the stick . 
 bern kept smiling , but his eyes were dark andexpressionless . 
 as she looked into them , maggiehad no sense of connecting to another mind likehers . 
 he 's not human . 
 he 's ... something else , a distant part of her mind said with absolute conviction . 
 and then one of his legs came up , bulging withmuscle under the jeans , and then he was pullinghimself to stand , looming over her , towering likea mountain . 
 maggie braced herself , gripping the stick . 
 `` stay away from us . '' 
 `` you 've caused me a lot of trouble already , '' bernsaid . 
 `` now i 'm going to show you something . '' 
 there was a little noise behind her . 
 she glancedback in alarm and saw that it was cady , trying toget up . 
 `` do n't , '' maggie said sharply . 
 cady could n't , anyway . 
 after a moment of trying to pull herself outof the hollow , she slumped down again , eyes shut . 
 maggie turned back to see bern lunging at her . 
 she thrust the stick out . 
 it was completely instinctive . 
 she did n't go for his head or his midsection ; she jabbed at a fist-sized pit near his feet , turning the stick into a barrier to trip him . 
 it almost worked . 
 bern 's foot caught underneath it and his lunge became uncontrolled . 
 maggie saw him start to unbalance . 
 but he was n't the huge muscle-bound apehe looked like . 
 in an instant he was recovering , throwing his weight sideways , jamming a foot toarrest his fall . 
 maggie tried to get the stick unwedged , to use itagain , but bern was fast.he wrenched it out of herhand , leaving splinters in her palm . 
 then he threwit overhand , like a lance . 
 maggie heard it hit the ledge behind her with explosive force . 
 she tried to dodge , but it was already too late . 
 bern 's big hand flashed forward , and then he hadher . 
 he was holding her by both arms , looming overher . 
 `` you trying to mess with me ? '' 
 he asked in disbelief . 
 `` with me?take a look at this . '' 
 his eyes were n't cold and emotionless now.anger was streaming from him like the strong , hot.scent of an animal . 
 and then ... he changed . 
 it was like nothing maggie had ever seen . 
 she was staring at his face , trying to look defiant , whenthe features seemed to ripple . 
 the coarse dark hair on his head moved , waves of it spreading downhis face like fungus growing across a log . 
 maggie ` sstomach lurched in horror and she was afraid shewas going to be sick , but she could n't stop looking . 
 his eyes got smaller , the brown irises flowing outto cover the white . 
 his nose and mouth thrust forward and his chin collapsed . 
 two rounded ears uncurled like awful flowers on top of his head . 
 andwhen maggie was able to drag her eyes from hisface , she saw that his body had re-formed into ashapeless , hulking lump . 
 his broad shoulders weregone , his waist was gone , his long legs bulging with muscle were squat little appendages close to the ground . 
 he was still holding maggie tightly , but not withhands . 
 with coarse paws that had claws on the ends and that were unbelievably strong . 
 he was n't a person at all anymore , but something huge andvaguely person-shaped . 
 he was a black bear , andhis shiny little pig-eyes stared into hers with animal enjoyment . 
 he had a musky feral smell that got into maggie 's throat and made her gag . 
 i just saw a shapeshifter shift shape , maggiethought with an astonishment that seemed dim andfaraway . 
 she was sorry she 'd doubted jeanne . 
 and sorry she 'd blown it for cady-and miles . 
 sylvia had been right . 
 she was just an ordinary girl , only maybe extraordinarily stupid . 
 down on the lower boulders , gavin was laughingmaliciously , watching as if this were a footballgame . 
 the bear opened his mouth , showing ivory-whiteteeth , darker at the roots , and lots of saliva . 
 maggiesaw a string of it glisten on the hair of his jowl.she felt the paws flex on her arms , scooping hercloser , and then lightning hit . 
 that was what it looked like . 
 a flash that blindedher , as bright as the sun , but blue . 
 it crackled infront of her eyes , seeming to fork again and again , splitting and rejoining the main body of its energy . 
 it seemed alive . 
 it was electrocuting the bear . 
 the animal had gone completely rigid , his headthrown back , his mouth open farther than maggiewould have believed possible . 
 the energy hadstruck him just below what would have been theneck on a man . 
 dimly , maggie was aware of gavin making a thinsound of terror . 
 his mouth was open as wide as bern 's , his eyes were fixed on the lightning . 
 but it was n't lightning . 
 it did n't strike and stop . 
 it kept on crackling into bern , its form changingevery second . 
 little electrical flickers darted through his bristling fur , crackling down his chestand belly and up around his muzzle . 
 maggie almostthought she could see blue flames in the cavern of his mouth . 
 gavin gave a keening , inhuman scream and scrambled backward off the rocks , running . 
 maggie did n't watch to see where he went . 
 hermind was suddenly consumed with one thought . 
 she had to make bern let go of her . 
 she had no idea what was happening to him , butshe did know that he was being killed . 
 and thatwhen he was dead he was going to topple off the mountain and take her with him . 
 she could smell burning now , the stink of smok ing flesh and fur , and she could actually see whitewisps rising from his coat . 
 he was being cooked from the inside out . 
 i have to do something fast . 
 she squirmed and kicked , trying to get out of thegrip of the paws that seemed to clutch her reflexively . 
 she pushed and shoved at him , trying to get him to loosen his hold just an inch . 
 it did n't work . 
 she felt as if she were being smothered by a bearskin rug , a horrible-smelling pelt that was catchingon fire . 
 why the lightning was n't killing her , too , she did n't know . 
 all she knew was that she wasbeing crushed by his size and his weight and thatshe was going to die . 
 and then she gave a violent heave and kicked ashard as she could at the animal 's lower belly . 
 shefelt the shock of solid flesh as her shin connected . 
 and , unbelievably , she felt him recoil , stumblingback , his huge forelegs releasing her . 
 maggie fell to the rock , instinctively spreadeagling and grabbing for holds to keep from slidingdown the mountain . 
 above her , the bear stood andquivered for another second , with that impossibly bright blue energy piercing him like a lance . 
 then , just as quickly as it had come , the lightning wasgone . 
 the bear swayed for a moment , then fell likea marionette with cut strings . 
 he toppled backwards off the cliff into thin air.maggie caught a brief glimpse of him hitting rockand bouncing and falling again , and then sheturned her face away . 
 her closed lids were imprinted with a blazingconfusion of yellow and black afterimages . 
 herbreath was coming so fast that she felt dizzy . 
 herarms and legs were weak . 
 what the hell was that ? 
 the lightning had saved her life . 
 but it was stillthe scariest thing she 'd ever seen . 
 some kind of magic . 
 pure magic . 
 if i were doinga movie and i needed a special effect for magic , that 's what i 'd use . 
 she slowly lifted her head . 
 it had come from the direction of the ledge.when she looked that way , she saw the boy . 
 he was standing easily , doing something with hisleft arm-tying a handkerchief aroundaspot ofblood at the wrist , it looked like . 
 his face wasturned partially away from her . 
 he 's not much older than me , maggie thought , startled . 
 or-is he ? 
 there was something abouthim , an assurance in the way he stood , a grim competence in his movements . 
 it made him seem likean adult . 
 and he was dressed like somebody at a renaissance faire . 
 maggie had been to one in oregon two summers ago , where everyone wore costumes fromthe middle ages and ate whole roast turkey legsand played jousting games . 
 this boy was wearingboots and a plain dark cape and he could havewalked right in and started sword fighting . 
 on the streets of seattle maggie would havetaken one look at him and grinned herself silly.here , she did n't have the slightest urge to smile . 
 the dark kingdom , she thought . 
 slaves andmaidens and shapeshiftersand magic . 
 he 's probably a wizard . 
 what have i gotten myself into ? 
 her heart was beating hard and her mouth wasso dry that her tongue felt like sandpaper . 
 but therewas something stronger than fear inside her.gratitude . 
 `` thank you , `` she said . 
 he did n't even look up . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 he had aclipped , brusque voice . 
 `` for saving us . 
 i meanyou did that , did n't you ? '' 
 now he did look up , to measure her with a cool , unsympathetic expression . 
 `` did what ? '' 
 he said in those same unfriendly tones . 
 but maggie was staring at him , stricken withsudden recognition that danced at the edges of hermind and then moved tantalizingly away . 
 i had a dream - did n't i ? 
 and there was somebody like you in it . 
 he looked like you , but hisexpression was different . 
 and he said ... he saidthat something was important ... she could n't remember ! 
 and the boy was stillwatching her , waiting impatiently . 
 `` that ... thing . '' 
 maggie wiggled her fingers , trying to convey waves of energy . 
 `` that thing thatknocked him off the cliff . 
 you did that . '' 
 `` the blue fire . 
 of course i did . 
 who else has thepower ? 
 but i did n't do it for you . '' 
 his voice waslike a cold wind blowing at her . 
 maggie blinked at him . 
 she had no idea what to say . 
 part of her wantedto question him , and another part suddenly wantedto slug him . 
 a third part , maybe smarter than boththe others , wanted to run the way gavin had . 
 curiosity won out . 
 `` well , why did you do it , then ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the boy glanced down at the ledge he was standing on . 
 `` he threw a stick at me . 
 wood . 
 so i killedhim . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` simple asthat . '' 
 he did n't throw it at you , maggie thought , butthe boy was going on . 
 ` z could n't care less what he was doing to you.you 're only a slave . 
 he was onlya shapeshifterwith the brain of a bear . 
 neither of you matter . '' 
 `` well-it does n't matter why you did it . 
 it stillsaved both of us - '' she glanced at arcadia for con firmation-and broke off sharply . 
 `` cady ? '' 
 maggie stared , then scrambled over therocks toward the other girl . 
 arcadia was still lying in the hollow , but her body was now limp . 
 her dark head sagged tonelessly on her slender neck . 
 her eyes were shut ; theskin over her face was drawn tight . 
 `` cady ! 
 can you hear me ? '' 
 for a horrible second she thought the older girlwas dead . 
 then she saw the tiny rise and fall ofher chest and heard the faint sound of breathing . 
 there was a roughness to the breathing thatmaggie did n't like . 
 and at this distance she couldfeel the heat that rose from cady 's skin . 
 she 's got a high fever . 
 all that running andclimbing made her sicker . 
 she needs help , fast . 
 maggie looked backupat the boy . 
 he had finished with the handkerchief and wasnow taking the top off some kind of leather bag . 
 suddenly maggie 's eyes focused . 
 not a leatherbag ; a canteen . 
 he was tilting it up to drink . 
 water . 
 all at once she was aware of her thirst again . 
 ithad been shoved to the back of her mind , a con stant pain that could be forgotten while she wastrying to escape from the slave traders . 
 but now it was like a raging fire inside her . 
 it was the most important thing in the world . 
 and arcadia needed it even more than she did . 
 `` please , '' she said . 
 `` can we have some of that ? 
 could you drop it to me ? 
 i can catch it . '' 
 he looked at her quickly , not startled but withcool annoyance . 
 `` and how am i supposed to getit back ? '' 
 `` i 'll bring it to you . 
 i can climb up . '' 
 ` `` you ca n't , '' he said flatly . 
 `` watch me . '' 
 she climbed up . 
 it was as easy as she 'd thought ; plenty of good finger-and toeholds . 
 when she pulled herself up onto the ledge besidehim , he shrugged , but there was reluctant respect in his eyes . 
 `` you 're quick , '' he said . 
 `` here . '' 
 he held out theleather bag . 
 but maggie was simply staring . 
 this close , thefeeling of familiarity was overwhelming . 
 it was you in my dream , she thought . 
 not justsomebody like you . 
 she recognized everything about him . 
 that supple , smoothly muscled body , and the way he hadof standing as if he were filled with tightly leashed tension . 
 that dark hair with the tiny waves springing out where it got unruly . 
 that taut , grim face , those high cheekbones , that willful mouth . 
 and especially the eyes . 
 those fearless , blacklashed yellow eyes that seemed to hold endless layers of clear brilliance . 
 that were windows on thefiercely intelligent mind behind them . 
 the only difference was the expression . 
 in thedream , he had been anxious and tender . 
 here , he seemed joyless and bitter ... and cold . 
 as if hisentire being were coated with a very thin layer of ice . 
 but it was you , maggie thought . 
 not just somebody like you , because i do n't think thereis anybody like you . 
 still lost in her memories , she said , `` i 'm maggieneely . 
 what 's your name ? '' 
 he looked taken aback . 
 the golden eyes widened , then narrowed . 
 `` how dare you ask ? '' 
 he rapped out . 
 he sounded quite natural saying `` how dareyou , '' although maggie did n't think she 'd ever heardanybody say it outside of a movie . 
 `` i had a dream about you , '' maggie said . 
 `` atleast it was n't me having the dream ; it was moreasif it was sent to me . '' 
 she was remembering details now . 
 `` you kept telling me that i had to dosomething ... ' ? 
 `` i do n't give a damn about your dreams , '' the boysaid shortly . 
 `` now , do you want the water or not ? '' 
 maggie remembered how thirsty she was . 
 shereached out for the leather bag eagerly . 
 he held onto it , not releasing it to her . 
 `` there ` sonly enough for one , '' he said , still brusque . 
 `` drink it here . '' 
 maggie blinked . 
 the bag did feel disappointinglyslack in her grip . 
 she tugged at it a little and hearda faint slosh . 
 `` cady needs some , too . 
 she 's sick . '' 
 `` she 's more than sick . 
 she 's almost gone . 
 there ` sno point in wasting any on her . '' 
 i ca n't believe i 'm hearing this again , maggiethought . 
 he 's just like jeanne . 
 she tugged at the bag harder . 
 `` if i want to share with her , that 's my business , right ? 
 why should it matter to you ? '' 
 `` because it 's stupid . 
 there 's only enough forone . '' 
 `` look - ! ' 
 `` you 're not afraid of me , are ` you ? '' 
 he saidabruptly . 
 the brilliant yellow eyes were fixed onher as if he could read her thoughts . 
 it was strange , but she was n'tafraid , not exactly.or , she was afraid , but something inside her wasmaking her go on in spite of her fear . 
 `` anyway , it 's my water , '' he said . 
 `` and i saythere 's only enough for one . 
 you were stupid to tryand protect her before , when you could have gotten away . 
 now you have to forget about her . '' 
 maggie had the oddest feeling that she was beingtested . 
 but there was no time to figure out for what , or why . 
 `` fine . 
 it 's your water , '' she said , making her voicejust as clipped as his . 
 `` and there 's only enough for one . '' 
 she pulled at the bag harder , and this timehe let go of it . 
 maggie turned from him , looked down at theboulders where cady was lying . 
 she judged the distance carefully , noting the way one boulder formeda cradle . 
 easy shot . 
 it 'll rebound and wedge in that crack , she thought . 
 she extended her arm to drop the bag . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 the voice was harsh and explosive-andeven more harsh was the iron grip that clampedon her wrist . 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 he repeated ferociously.his grip was hurting her . 
 `` i 'm throwing the water bag down there , '' maggiesaid . 
 but she was thinking , he 's so strong . 
 stronger than anybody i 've ever met . 
 he could break mywrist without even trying . 
 `` i know that ! 
 why ? '' 
 `` because it 's easier than carrying it down in myteeth , '' maggie said . 
 but that was n't the real reason , of course . 
 the truth was that she needed to get temptation out of the way . 
 she was so thirsty thatit was a kind of madness , and she was afraid ofwhat she would do if she held onto this cool , sloshing water bag much longer . 
 he was staring at her with those startling eyes , as if he were trying to pryhis way into her brain.and maggie had the odd feeling that he 'd succeeded , at least far enough that he knew the real reason she was doing this . 
 `` you are an idiot , '' he said slowly , with cold wonder . 
 `` you should listen to your body ; it 's telling youwhat it needs . 
 you ca n't ignore thirst . 
 you ca n'tdeny it . '' 
 `` yes , you can , '' maggie said flatly . 
 her wrist wasgoing numb . 
 if this went on , she was going to dropthe bag involuntarily , and in the wrong place . 
 `` you ca n't , '' he said , somehow making the wordsinto an angry hiss . 
 `` i should know . '' 
 then he showed her his teeth . 
 maggie should have been prepared . 
 jeanne had told her . 
 vampires and witches and shapeshifters , she 'd said . 
 and sylvia was a witch , and bern had been a shapeshifter . 
 this boy was a vampire . 
 the strange thing was that , unlike bern , he did n'tget uglier when he changed . 
 his face seemed palerand finer , like something chiseled in ice . 
 his goldeneyes burned brighter , framed by lashes that lookedeven blacker in contrast . 
 his pupils opened and seemed to hold a darkness that could swallow aperson up . 
 but it was the mouth that had changed the most.it looked even more willful , disdainful , and sullen-and it was drawn up into a sneer to displaythe fangs . 
 impressive fangs . 
 long , translucent white , tapering into delicate points . 
 shaped like a cat 's canines , with a sheen on them like jewels . 
 not yellowing tusks like bern 's , but delicate instruments of death . 
 what amazed maggie was that although helooked completely different from anything she 'd seen before , completely abnormal , he also lookedcompletely natural . 
 this was another kind of creature , just like a human or a bear , with as muchright to live as either of them . 
 which did n't mean she was n't scared . 
 but shewas frightened in a new way , a way ready for action . 
 she was ready to fight , if fighting became necessary . 
 she 'd already changed that much since entering this valley : fear now made her not panicked buthyper alert . 
 if i have to defend myself i need both hands.and it 's better not to let him see i 'm scared . 
 `` maybe you ca n't ignore your kind of thirst , '' shesaid , and was pleased that her voice did n't wobble . 
 `` but i 'm fine . 
 except that you 're hurting my wrist . 
 can you please let go ? '' 
 for just an instant , the brilliant yellow eyesflared even brighter , and she wondered if he wasgoing to attack her . 
 but then his eyelids lowered , black lashes veiling the brightness . 
 he let go ofher wrist . 
 maggie 's arm sagged , and the leather bagdropped from her suddenly nerveless fingers . 
 it landed safely at her feet . 
 she rubbed her hand . 
 and did n't look up a moment later , when he saidwith a kind of quiet hostility , `` are n't you afraidof me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 it was true . 
 and it was n't just because hewas a vampire or because he had a power thatcould send blue death twenty feet away . 
 it was because of him , of the way he was . 
 he was scary enough in and of himself . 
 `` but what good is it , being afraid ? '' 
 maggie said , still rubbing her hand . 
 `` if you 're going to try tohurt me , it fight back . 
 and so far , you have n't triedto hurt me . 
 you 've only helped me . '' 
 `` i told you , i did n't do it for you.and you 'll neversurvive if you keep on being insane like this . '' 
 `` insane like what ? '' 
 now she did look up , to seethat his eyes were burning dark gold and his fangswere gone . 
 his mouth simply looked scornful and aristocratic . 
 `` trusting people , '' he said , as if it should havebeen obvious . 
 `` taking care of people . 
 do n't youknow that only the strong ones make it ? 
 weak people are deadweightand if you try to help them , they 'll drag you down with them . '' 
 maggie had an answer for that . 
 `` cady is n'tweak , '' she said flatly . 
 `` she 's sickshe 'll get betterif she gets the chance . 
 and if we do n't take care ofeach other , what 's going to happen to all of us ? '' 
 he looked exasperated , and for a few minutesthey stared at each other in mutual frustration . 
 then maggie bent and picked up the bag again . 
 `` i 'd better give it to her now . 
 i 'll bring your can teen back . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 his voice was abrupt and cold , unfriendly . 
 but this time he did n't grab her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` follow me . '' 
 he gave the order briefly andturned without pausing to see if she obeyed . 
 it wasclear that he expectedpeople to obey him , withoutquestions . 
 `` bring the bag , '' he said , without lookingover his shoulder . 
 maggie hesitated an instant , glancing down atcady . 
 but the hollow was protected by the overhanging boulders ; cady would be all right there for a few minutes . 
 she followed the boy . 
 the narrow path that wound around the mountain was rough and primitive , interrupted by bands of broken , razor-sharpslate . 
 she had to pick her way carefully aroundthem . 
 in front of her , the boy turned toward the rocksuddenly and disappeared . 
 when maggie caught up , she saw the cave . 
 the entrance was small , hardly more than acrack , and even maggie had to stoop and go in sideways . 
 but inside it opened into a snug littleenclosure that smelled of dampness and cool rock . 
 almost no light filtered in from the outsideworld . 
 maggie blinked , trying to adjust to the neardarkness , when there was a sound like a match strike and a smell of sulphur . 
 a tiny flame was born , and maggie saw the boy lighting some kindof crude stone lamp that had been carved out ofthe cave wall itself . 
 he glanced back at her and his eyes flashed gold . 
 but maggie was gasping , looking around her.the light of the little flame threw a mass of shifting , confusing shadows everywhere , but it alsopicked out threads of sparkling quartz in the rock.the small cave had become a place of enchantment . 
 andatthe boy 's feet was something that glitteredsilver . 
 in the hush of the still air , maggie couldhear the liquid , bell-like sound of water dripping . 
 `` it ` sa pool , '' the boy said . 
 `` spring fed . 
 the watees cold , but it 's good . 
 water . 
 something like pure lust overcame maggie . 
 she took three steps forward , ignoring the boy completely , and then her legs collapsed.shecupped a hand in the pool , felt the coolness encompass it to the wrist , and brought it out asif shewere holding liquid diamond in her palm . 
 she 'd never tasted anything asgood as that water . 
 no coke she 'd drunk on the hottest day of summer could compare with it . 
 it ran through herdry mouth and down her parched throatand then it seemed to spread all through her , sparklingthrough her body , soothing and reviving her . 
 a sort of crystal clearness entered her brain . 
 she drankand drank in a state of pure bliss . 
 and then , when she was in the even more blissfulstate of being not thirsty anymore , she plunged the leather bag under the surface to fill it . 
 `` what 's that for ? '' 
 but there was a certain resignation in the boy 's voice . 
 `` cady . 
 i have to get back to her . '' 
 maggie sat backon her heels and looked at him . 
 the light dancedand flickered around him , glinting bronze off hisdark hair , casting half his face in shadow . 
 `` thank you , '' she said , quietly , but in a voice thatshook slightly . 
 `` i think you probably saved mylife again . '' 
 `` you were really thirsty . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she stood up . 
 `` but when you thought there was n't enoughwater , you were going to give it to her . '' 
 he could n'tseem to get over the concept . 
 `` yeah '' `` even if it meant you dying ? '' 
 `` i did n't die , '' maggie pointed out . 
 `` and i was n'tplanning to . 
 butyeah , i guess , if there was n't anyother choice . '' 
 she saw him staring at her in utterbewilderment . 
 `` i took responsibility for her , '' shesaid , trying to explain . 
 `` it 's like when you take ina cat , or-or it 's like being a queen or something.if you say you 're going to be responsible for your subjects , you are . 
 you owe them afterward . '' 
 something glimmered in his golden eyes , just fora moment . 
 it could have been a dagger point ofanger or just a spark of astonishment . 
 there wasa silence . 
 `` it 's not thatweird , people taking care of each other , '' maggie said , looking at his shadowed face . 
 `` does n't anybody do it here ? '' 
 he gave a short laugh . 
 `` hardly , '' he said dryly . 
 `` the nobles know how to take care of themselves.and the slaves have to fight each other to survive . '' 
 he added abruptly , `` all of which you should know.but of course you 're not from here . 
 you 're fromoutside . '' 
 `` i did n't know if you knew about outside , '' mag gie said . 
 `` there is n't supposed to be any contact . 
 therewas n't for about five hundred years . 
 but whenmy-when the old king died , they opened the pass , again and started bringing in slaves from the outside world . 
 new blood . '' 
 he said it simply andmatter-of-factly . 
 mountain men , maggie thought . 
 for years there had been rumors about the cascades , about menwho lived in hidden places among the glaciers andpreyed on climbers . 
 men or monsters . 
 there were always hikers who claimed to have seen bigfoot . 
 and maybe they had-or maybe they 'd seen ashapeshifter like bern . 
 `` and you think that 's okay , '' she said out loud . 
 `` grabbing people from the outside world and dragging them in here to be slaves . '' 
 `` notpeople.humans.humansarevermin ; they 're not intelligent . '' 
 he said it in that same dispassionate tone , looking right at her . 
 `` are you crazy ? 
 `` maggie 's fists were clenched ; herhead was lowered . 
 stomping time . 
 she glared upat him through narrowed lashes . 
 `` you 're talking to a human right now . 
 am i intelligent or not ? '' 
 `` you 're a slave without any manners , '' he saidcurtly . 
 `` and the law says i could kill you for the way you ` retalkingto me . '' 
 his voice was so cold , so arrogant ... but maggiewas starting not to believe it . 
 that could n't be all there was to him . 
 becausehe was the boy in her dream . 
 the gentle , compassionate boy who 'd looked ather with a flame of love behind his yellow eyes , and who 'd held her with such tender intensity , hisheart beating against hers , his breath on her cheek . 
 that boy had been real-and even if it did n't makeany sense , maggie was somehow certain of it . 
 and no matter how cold and arrogant this one seemed , they had to be part of each other . 
 it did n't make her less afraid of this one , exactly.but it made her more determined to ignore herfear . 
 `` in my dream , '' she said deliberately , advancinga step on him , `` you cared about at least onehuman . 
 you wanted to take care of me . '' 
 `` you should n't even be allowedto dream aboutme , '' he said . 
 his voice wasas tense and grim asever , but as maggie got closer to him , looking directly up into his face , he did something that amazed her . 
 he fell back a step . 
 `` why not ? 
 because i 'm a slave ? 
 i 'm a person . '' 
 she took another step forward , still looking at him challengingly . 
 `` and i do n't believe that you 're asbad as you say you are . 
 i think i saw what youwere really like in my dream . '' 
 `` you 're crazy , '' he said . 
 he did n't back up anyfarther , there was nowhere left to go . 
 but his wholebody was taut . 
 `` why should i want to take care of you ? '' 
 he added in a cold and contemptuous voice . 
 `` what 's so special about you ? '' 
 it was a good question , and for a moment maggie was shaken . 
 tears sprang to her eyes . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said honestly . 
 `` i 'm nobodyspecial . 
 there is n'tany reason for you to care aboutme . 
 but it does n't matter . 
 you saved my life whenbern was going to kill me , and you gave me waterwhen you knew i needed it . 
 you can talk all youwant , but those are the facts . 
 maybe you just care about everybody , underneath . 
 or - '' she never finished the last sentence . 
 as she had been speaking to him , she was doingsomething she always did , that was instinctive to . 
 , her when she felt some strong emotion . 
 she had done it with p.j. and with jeanne and with cady . 
 she reached out toward him . 
 and although shewas only dimly aware that he was pulling his handsback to avoid her , she adjusted automatically , catching his wrists ... and that was when she lost her voice and whatshe was saying flew out of her head . 
 because something happened . 
 something that she could n't ex plain , that was stranger than secret kingdoms orvampires or witchcraft . 
 it happened justas her fingers closed on hishands . 
 it was the first time they had touched like that , bare skin to bare skin . 
 when he had grabbed her wrist before , her jacket sleeve had been in be tween them . 
 it started as an almost painful jolt , a pulsatingthrill that zigged up her arm and then sweptthrough her body . 
 maggie gasped , but somehowshe could n't let go of his hand . 
 like someone beingelectrocuted , she was frozen in place . 
 the blue fire , she thought wildly . 
 he 's doing thesame thing to me that he did to bern . 
 but the next instant she knew that he was n't . 
 this was n't the savage energy that had killed bern , and it was n't anything the boy was doing to her . 
 itwas something being done to both of them , by some incredibly powerful source outside either of them . 
 and it was trying ... to open a channel . 
 thatwas the only way maggie could describe it . 
 it was blazing a path open in her mind , and connectingit to his . 
 she feltas if she had turned around and unexpectedly found herself facing another person 's soul.a soul that was hanging there , without protection , already in helpless communication with hers . 
 it was by far the most intense thing that hadever happened to her . 
 maggie gasped again , seeingstars , and then her legs melted and she fellforward he caught her , but he could n't stand up either.maggie knew that as well as she knew what wasgoing on in her own body . 
 he sank to his knees , holding her . 
 what are you doing to me ? 
 it was a thought , but it was n't maggie 's . 
 it washis . 
 i do n't know ... i 'm not doing it ... i do n't understand!maggie had no idea how to send herthoughts to another person . 
 but she did n't need to , it was simply happening . 
 a pure line of communication had been opened between them . 
 it was afierce and terrible thing , a bit like being fused together by a bolt of lightning , but it was also so wonderful that maggie 's entire skin was prickling and her mind was hushed with awe . 
 she felt as if she 'd been lifted into some new andwonderful place that most people never even saw . 
 the air around her seemed to quiver with invisible wings . 
 this is how people are supposed to be , shethought . 
 joined like this . 
 open to each other . 
 withnothing hidden and no stupid walls between them . 
 a thought came back at her , sharp and quickasa hammer strike . 
 no ! 
 it was so cold , so full of rejection , that for a moment maggie was taken aback . 
 but then she sensedwhat else was behind it . 
 anger ... and fear . 
 he was afraid of this , andof her . 
 he felt invaded . 
 exposed . 
 well , i do , too , maggie said mentally . 
 it was n'tthat she was n't afraid . 
 it was that her fear was irrelevant . 
 the force that held them was so much morepowerful than either of them , so immeasurably ancient , that fear was natural but not important . 
 the same light shone through each of them , strippingaway their shields , making them transparent toeach other . 
 it 's all right for you . 
 because you do n't have any thing to be ashamed of!the thought flashed by so quickly that maggie was n't even sure she hadheard it . 
 what do you mean?she thought . 
 wait ... delos . 
 that was his name . 
 delos redfern . 
 she knew itnow , as unquestionably as she knew the names ofher own family . 
 she realized , too , as a matter of minor importance , an afterthought , that he was a prince . 
 a vampire prince who 'd been born to rule this secret kingdom , as the redfern family had ruled it for centuries . 
 the old king was your father , she said to him . 
 and he died three years ago , when you were fourteen . 
 you 've been ruling ever since . 
 he was pulling away from her mentally , trying tobreak the contact between them . 
 it 's none of your business , he snarled . 
 she was in his mind . 
 it was all around her , like astrange and perilous world . 
 a terribly frighteningworld , but one that was full of stark beauty . 
 everything was angles , as if she 'd fallen into theheart of a giant crystal . 
 everything glittered , coldand clear and sharp . 
 there were flashes of color aslight shimmered and reflected , but for the most part it was dazzling transparency in every direction . 
 like the fractured ice of a glacier . 
 really dangerous , maggie thought . 
 the spikes of crystal around her had edges like swords . 
 the place looked as if it had never known warmth or softcolor . 
 and youlive here?she thought to delos . 
 go away.delos 's answering thought came to her.on a wave of cold wind . 
 get out ! 
 no , maggie said . 
 you ca n't scare me . 
 i 've climbed glaciers before.it was then that she realized whatthis place reminded her of . 
 a summit . 
 the bareand icy top of a mountain where no plants-andcertainly no people-could survive . 
 but did n'tanything goodever happen to you ? 
 shewondered . 
 did n't you ever have a friend ... or apet ... or something ? 
 no friends , he said shortly . 
 no pets . 
 get out of here before i hurt you . 
 maggie did n't answer , because even as he said itthings were changing around her . 
 it was as if the glinting surfaces of the nearby crystals were suddenly reflecting scenes , perfect little pictures withpeople moving in them . 
 as soon as maggie lookedat one , it swelled up and seemed to surround her . 
 they were his memories . 
 she was seeing bits ofhis childhood . 
 she saw a child who had been treated as aweapon from the time he was born . 
 it was all aboutsome prophecy . 
 she saw men and women gatheredaround a little boy , four years old , whose blacklashed golden eyes were wide and frightened . 
 `` no question about it , '' the oldest man was saying . 
 delos 's teacher , maggie realized , the knowledge flowing to her because delos knew it , and shewas in delos 's mind . 
 `` this child is one of the wild powers , '' theteacher said , and his voice was full of awe andfear . 
 his trembling hands smoothed out a brittlepiece of scroll . 
 as soon asmaggie saw it she knew that the scroll was terribly old and had been keptin the dark kingdom for centuries , preserved hereeven when it was lost to the outside world . 
 `` four wild powers , '' the old man said , `` who willbe needed at the millennium to save the world-or-to destroy it . 
 the prophecy tells where they willcome from . '' 
 and he read : `` one from the land of kings long forgotten ; one from the hearth which still holds the spark ; one from the day world where two eyes are watching ; one from the twilight to be one with the dark . '' 
 , the child delos looked around the circle of grim faces , hearing the words but not understandingthem . '' 
 ` the land of kings , long forgotten , '' ' a womanwas saying . 
 `` that must be the dark kingdom . '' 
 `` besides , we 've seen what he can do , '' a big mansaid roughly . 
 `` he 's a wild power , all right . 
 the bluefire is in his blood . 
 he 's learned to use it too early , though ; he ca n't control it . 
 see ? '' 
 he grabbed a small arm-the left one-and heldit up . 
 it was twisted somehow , the fingers clawed and stiff , immobile . 
 the little boy tried to pull his hand away , but hewas too weak . 
 the adults ignored him . 
 `` the king wants us to find spells to hold thepower in , '' the woman said . 
 `` or he 'll damage himself permanently . '' 
 `` not to mention damaging us , '' the rough mansaid , and laughed harshly . 
 the little boy sat stiff and motionless as theyhandled him like a doll . 
 his golden eyes were dryand his small jaw was clenched with the effort notto give in to tears . 
 that 's awful , maggie said indignantly , aiming herthought at the delos of the present . 
 it 's a terrible way to grow up . 
 was n't there anybody who cared about you ? 
 your father ? 
 goaway , he said . 
 i do n't need your sympathy . 
 and your arm , maggie said , ignoring the cold emptiness of his thought . 
 is that what happens toitwhen you use the blue fire ? 
 he did n't answer , not in a thought directed ather . 
 but another memory flashed in the facets of a crystal , and maggie found herself drawn into it . 
 she saw a five-year-old delos with his armwrapped in what looked like splints or a brace . 
 asshe looked at it , she knew it was n't just a brace . 
 it was made of spells and wards to confine the blue fire . 
 `` this is it , '' the woman who had spoken beforewas saying to the circle of men . 
 `` we can controlhim completely . '' 
 `` are you sure ? 
 you witches are careless sometimes . 
 you 're sure he ca n't use it at all now ? '' 
 theman who said it was tall , with a chilly , austereface-and yellow eyes like delos 's . 
 your father , maggie said wonderingly to delos . 
 and his name was ... tormentil ? 
 but ... she could n't go on , but she was thinking that he did n'tlook much like a loving father . 
 he seemed just likethe others . 
 `` until i remove the wards , he ca n't use it at all.i 'm sure , majesty . '' 
 the woman said the last word in an everyday tone , but maggie felt a little shock.hearing somebody get called majesty-it made him moreof a king , somehow . 
 `` the longer they 're left on , the weaker he 'll be , '' the woman continued . 
 `` and heca n't take them offhimself . 
 but i can , at any time - '' `` and then he 'll still be useful as a weapon ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 but blood has to run before he can use the blue fire . '' 
 the king said brusquely , `` show me . '' 
 the woman murmured a few words and strippedthe brace off the boy 's arm . 
 she took a knife fromher belt and with a quick , casual motion , like maggie 's grandmother guttinga salmon , opened a gash on his wrist . 
 five-year-old delos did n't flinch or make asound . 
 his golden eyes were fixed on his father 's faceas blood dripped onto the floor . 
 `` i do n't think this is a good idea , '' the old teachersaid . 
 `` the blue fire is n't meant to be used like this , and it damages his arm every time he does it = `` now , '' the king interrupted , ignoring him andspeaking to the child for the first time . 
 `` show mehow strong you are , son . 
 turn the blue fire on ... '' he glanced up deliberately at the teacher . 
 `` let ` ssay-him . '' 
 `` majesty ! '' 
 the old man gasped , backing againstthe wall . 
 the golden eyes were wide and afraid . 
 `` do it ! '' 
 the king said sharply , and when the littleboy shook his head mutely , he closed his hand onone small shoulder . 
 maggie could see his fingerstighten painfully . 
 `` do what i tell you . 
 now ! '' 
 delos turned his wide golden eyes on the old man , who was now shrinking and babbling , his trembling hands held up as if to ward off a blow . 
 the king changed his grip , lifted the boy 's arm . 
 `` now , brat ! 
 now ! '' 
 blue fire erupted . 
 it poured in a continuousstream like the water from a high-power fire hose.it struck the old man and spreadeagled him againstthe wall , his eyes and mouth open with horror . 
 andthen there was no old man . 
 there was only a shad owy silhouette made of ashes . 
 `` interesting , '' the king said , dropping the boy ` sarm . 
 his anger had disappeared as quicklyasithad come . 
 `` actually , i thought there would bemore power . 
 i thought it might take out the wall . '' 
 `` give him time . '' 
 the woman 's voice was slightlythick , and she was swallowing over and over . 
 `` well , no matter what , hell be useful . '' 
 the kingturned to look at the others in the room . 
 `` remember-all of you . 
 a time of darkness is coming . 
 theend of the millennium means the end of the world.but whatever happens outside , this kingdom isgoing to survive . '' 
 throughout all of this , the little boy sat andstared at the place where the old man had been.his eyes were wide , the pupils huge and fixed . 
 hisface was white , but without expression . 
 maggie struggled to breathe . 
 that 's - that 's themost terrible thing i 've ever seen.she could hardly get the words of her thought out . 
 theymade you kill your teacher-he made you do it . 
 yourfather . 
 she did n't know what to say . 
 sheturned blindly , trying to find delos himself in this strange landscape , trying to talk to him directly.she wanted to look at him , to hold him . 
 to comfort him . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i ` mso sorry you had to grow uplike that . 
 do n't be stupid , he said . 
 i grew up to be strong.that 's what counts . 
 you grew up without anyone loving you , maggiesaid . 
 he sent a thought like ice . 
 love is for weak people . 
 it 's a delusion . 
 and it can be deadly . 
 maggie did n't know how to answer . 
 she wanted to shake him . 
 all that stuff about the end of the millennium and the end of the world-what did that mean ? 
 exactly what it sounded like , delos said briefly . 
 the prophecies are coming true . 
 the world o f hu mans is about to end in blood and darkness . 
 and then the night people are going to rule again . 
 and that 's why they turned a five-year-old into alethal weapon ? 
 maggie wondered . 
 the thoughtwas n't for delos , but she could feel that he heard it . 
 i am what i was meant to be , he said . 
 and i do n't want to be anything else . 
 are you sure?maggie looked around . 
 althoughshe could n't have described what she was doing , she knew what it was . 
 she was looking forsomething ... something to prove to him ... a scene flashed in the crystal . 
 the boy delos was eight . 
 he stood in front of apile of boulders , rocks the size of small cars . 
 hisfather stood behind him . 
 `` now ! '' 
 as soonasthe king spoke , the boy lifted his arm.blue fire flashed . 
 a boulder exploded , disintegrating into atoms . 
 again ! 
 another rock shattered . 
 `` more power ! 
 you 're not trying . 
 you 're useless ! 
 `` the entire pile of boulders exploded . 
 the bluefire kept streaming , taking out a stand of trees behind the boulders and crashing into the side of amountain . 
 it chewed through the rock , meltingshale and granite like a flamethrower burning awooden door . 
 the king smiled cruelly and slapped his son onthe back . 
 `` that 's better . '' 
 no . 
 that 's horrible , maggie told delos . 
 that ` swrong . 
 this is what it should be like . 
 and she sent to him images of her own family.not that the neelys were anything special . 
 theywere like anybody . 
 they had fights , some of them pretty bad . 
 but there were lots of good times , too , and that was what she showed him . 
 she showed him her life ... herself . 
 laughingasher father frantically blew on a flaming marshmallow on some long-past campingtrip . 
 smelling turpentine and watching magical colors unfold on canvasas her mother painted . 
 perch ing dangerously on the handlebars of a bike while miles pedaled behind her , then shrieking all theway down a hill . 
 waking up to a rough warmtongue licking her face , opening one eye to see jake the great dane panting happily . 
 blowing out candles at a birthday party . 
 ambushing miles from herdoorway with a heavy-duty water rifle ... who is that?delos asked . 
 he had been thawing ; maggie could feel it . 
 there were so many thingsin the memories that were strange to him : yellowsunshine , modern houses , bicycles , machinerybut she could feel interest and wonder stir in himat the people . 
 until now , when she was showing him a sixteenyear-old miles , a miles who looked pretty muchlike the miles of today . 
 that 's miles . 
 he 's my brother . 
 he 's eighteen and he just started college.maggie paused , trying to feel what delos was thinking . 
 he 's the reason i 'm here.he got involved with this girl called sylvia-ithinkshe 's a witch . 
 and then he disappeared . 
 i went tosee sylvia , and the next thing i know i 'm waking up ina slave-trader 's cart . 
 in a place i never knew existed . 
 delos said , i see . 
 delos , do you know him ? 
 have you seen him be fore?maggie tried to keep the question calm . 
 she would have thought she could see anything thatdelos was thinking , that it would all be reflected inthe crystals around her , that there was nothing he could hide . 
 but now suddenly she was n't sure . 
 it 's best for you to leave that alone , delos said . 
 i ca n't , maggie snapped back . 
 he 's my brother ! 
 if he 's in trouble i have to find him-i have to helphim . 
 that 's what i 've been trying to explainto you . 
 we help each other . 
 delos said , why ? 
 because we do . 
 because that 's what people are supposed to do . 
 and even you know that , somewhere down deep . 
 you were trying to help me in my dream she could feel him pull away . 
 your dreams are just your fantasies . 
 maggie said flatly , no . 
 not this one . 
 i had it before i met you . 
 she could remember more of it now . 
 here in his mind thedetailswere coming to her , all the things that had been unclear before . 
 and there was onlyone thing to do . 
 she showed it to delos . 
 the mist , the figure appearing , calling her name.the wonder and joy in his face when he caughtsight of her . 
 the way his hands closed on hershoulders , so gently , and the look of inexpressibletenderness in his eyes . 
 and then - i remember!maggie said . 
 youtold meto look for a pass , underneath a rock thatlooked likea wave about to break you told me to get awayfromhere , to escape . 
 andthen ... she remembered what had happened then , andfaltered . 
 and then he had kissed her . 
 she could feel it again , his breath a soft warmthon her cheek , and then the touch of his lips , just as soft . 
 there had been so much in that kiss , somuch of himself revealed . 
 it had been almost shy in its gentleness , but charged with a terrible passion , as if he had known it was the last kiss theywould ever share . 
 it was ... so sad , maggie said , faltering again.not from embarrassment , but because she was suddenly filled with an intensity of emotion that fright ened her . 
 i do n't know what it meant , but it was so sad ... then , belatedly , she realized what was happeningwith delos . 
 he was agitated . 
 violently agitated . 
 the crystalworld around maggie was trembling with denialand fury-and fear . 
 that was n't me . 
 i 'm not like that , he said in avoice that was like a sword made of ice . 
 it was , she said , not harshly but quietly . 
 i do n't understand it , but it really was you . 
 i do n't understand any of this . 
 but there 's a connection betweenus . 
 look what 's happening to us right now . 
 is thisnormal ? 
 do you people always fall into each oth ers ' minds ? 
 get out!the words were a shout that echoedaround maggie from every surface . 
 she could feel his anger ; it was huge , violent , like a primal storm . 
 and she could feel the terror that was underneath it , and hear the word that he was thinking anddid n't want to think , that he was trying to bury and run away from . 
 soulmates.that was the word . 
 maggie couldsense what it meant . 
 two people connected , boundto each other forever , soul to soul , in a way thateven death could n't break . 
 two souls that were destined for each other . 
 it 's a lie , delos said fiercely . 
 i do n't believe in souls . 
 i do n't love anyone . 
 and i do n't have any feelings ! 
 and then the world broke apart . 
 that was what it felt like . 
 suddenly , all aroundmaggie , the crystals were shattering and fracturing.pieces were falling with the musical sound of ice.nothing was stable , everything was turning to chaos . 
 and then , so abruptly that she lost her breath , she was out of his mind . 
 she was sitting on the ground in a small cave lit only by a dancing , flickering flame . 
 shadows wavered on the walls and ceiling . 
 she was in her ownbody , and delos was holding her in his arms . 
 but even as she realized it , he pulled away and stood up . 
 even in the dimness she could see that his face was pale , his eyes fixed . 
 as she got to her feet , she could see somethingelse , too . 
 it was strange , but their minds were still connected , even though he 'd thrown her out of his world . 
 and what she saw ... was herself . 
 herselfthrough his eyes . 
 she saw someone who was n't at all the frailblond princess type , not a bit languid and perfect and artificial . 
 she saw a sturdy , rosy-brown girlwith a straight gaze . 
 a girl with autumn-coloredhair , warm and vivid and real , and sorrel-coloredeyes . 
 it was the eyes that caught her attention : there was a clarity and honesty in them , a depth and spaciousness that made mere prettiness seem cheap . 
 maggie caught her breath . 
 do i look like that ? 
 she wondered dizzily . 
 i ca n't . 
 i 'd have noticed inthe mirror . 
 but it was how he saw her . 
 in his eyes , she wasthe only vibrant , living thing in a cold world of black and white . 
 and she could feel the connectionbetween them tightening , drawing him toward her even as he tried to pull farther away . 
 `` no . 
 `` his voice was a bare whisper in the cave . 
 `` i 'm not bound to you . 
 i do n't love you . '' 
 `` delos - ! ' 
 i do n't love anyone . 
 i do n't have feelings . '' 
 maggie shook her head wordlessly . 
 she did n'thave to speak , anyway . 
 all the time he was tellingher how much he did n't love her , he was moving closer to her , fighting it every inch . 
 `` you mean nothing to me , '' he raged through clenched teeth . 
 `` nothing ! '' 
 and then his face was inches away from hers , and she could see the flame burning in his golden eyes . 
 but at the instant which would have made it akiss , delos pulled away . 
 maggie felt the brush of his warm lips and then cold air as he jerked back . 
 `` no , `` he said . 
 `` no . '' 
 she could see the clash of fear and anger in his eyes , and she could see itsuddenly resolve itselfas the pain grew unbearable.he shuddered once , and then all the turmoil vanished , asif it were being swept aside by a giant hand . 
 it left only icy determination in its wake . 
 `` that 's not going to help , '' maggie said . 
 `` i do n'teven understand why you want to be this way , butyou ca n't just squash everything down - '' `` listen , '' he said in a clipped , taut voice . 
 `` yousaid that in your dream i told you to go away . 
 well , i 'm telling you the same thing now . 
 go away anddo n't ever come back . 
 i never want to see yourface again . '' 
 `` oh , fine . '' 
 maggie was trembling herself withfrustration . 
 she 'd had it ; she 'd finally reached thelimit of her patience with him . 
 there was so muchbitterness in his face , so much pain , but it was clear he was n't going to let anyone help . 
 `` i mean it . 
 and you do n't know how much of aconcession it is . 
 i 'm letting you go . 
 you 're not justan escaped slave , you 're an escaped slave whoknows about the pass in the mountains . 
 the pen - . 
 alty for that is death . '' 
 `` so kill me , '' maggie said . 
 it was a stupid thingto say and she knew it . 
 he was dangerous - andthe master of that blue fire . 
 he could do it at theturn of an eyelash . 
 but she was feeling stupid andreckless . 
 her fists were clenched . 
 `` i 'm telling you to leave , '' he said . 
 `` and i 'll tellyou something else . 
 you wanted to know what happened to your brother . '' 
 maggie went still . 
 there was something differentabout him suddenly . 
 he looked like somebodyabout to strike a blow . 
 his body was tense and hiseyes were burning gold like twin flames . 
 `` well , here it is , '' he said . 
 `` your brother is dead . 
 i killed him . '' 
 it was a blow . 
 maggie felt as if she 'd been hit . 
 shock spread through her body and left her tingling with adrenaline . 
 at the same time she felt strangely weak , as if her legs did n't want to hold her up any longer . 
 but she did n't believe it . 
 she could n't believe it , not just like that . 
 she opened her mouth and dragged in a breathto speakand froze . 
 somewhere outside the cave a voice was calling . 
 maggie could n't make out the words , but it was agirl 's voice . 
 and it was close ... and coming closer . 
 delos 's head whipped around to look at the entrance of the cave . 
 then , before maggie could say anything , he was moving . 
 he took one step to the wall and blew out theflame of the little stone lamp . 
 instantly , the cavewas plunged into darkness . 
 maggie had n't realizedhow little light came from the entrance crack-almost none at all . 
 no , she thought . 
 less light is coming throughthan before . 
 it 's getting dark . 
 oh , god , she thought . 
 cady . 
 i just walked off and left her there . 
 what 's wrongwith me ? 
 i forgot all about her-1 did n't eventhink ... `` where are you going ? '' 
 delos whispered harshly . 
 maggie paused in mid rush and looked at himwildly . 
 or looked towardhim , actually , becausenow she could n't see anything but darkness against paler darkness . 
 `` to cady , '' she said , distracted and frantic , clutching the water bag she 'd grabbed . 
 `` i left herdown there . 
 anything could have happened bynow . 
 o. `` you ca n't go outside , '' he said . 
 `` that 's the hunting party i came with . 
 if they catch you i wo n't beable to help-2 ' i do n't care ! '' 
 maggie 's words tumbled over his . 
 `` a minute ago you never wanted to see me again.oh , god , i left her . 
 how could i do that ? '' 
 ` it has n't been that long , '' he hissed impatiently . 
 `` an hour or so . '' 
 vaguely , maggie realized that hemust be right . 
 it seemed like a hundred years sinceshe had climbed up to his ledge , but actually every thing had happened quickly after that . 
 `` i still have to go , '' she said , a little more calmly . 
 `` she 's sick . 
 and maybe gavin came back . '' 
 a waveof fear surged through her at the thought . 
 `` if they catch you , you 'll wish you were dead , '' he said distinctly . 
 before maggie could answer , hewas going on , his voice as brusque as ever . 
 `` stayhere . 
 do n't come out until everybody 's gone . '' 
 she felt the movement of air and the brush ofcloth as he passed in front of her . 
 the light fromthe entrance crack was cut off briefly , and then shesaw him silhouetted for an instant against gray sky . 
 then she was alone . 
 maggie stood tensely for a moment , listening.the sound of her own breathing was too loud . 
 she crept quietly to the entrance and crouched and felt a jolt . 
 she could hear footsteps crunching on the broken slate outside . 
 rightoutside . 
 thena shadow seemed to fall across the crack and sheheard a voice . 
 `` delos ! 
 what are you doing up here ? '' 
 it was a light , pleasant voice , the voice of a girl only a little older than maggie . 
 not a woman yet.and it was both concerned and casual , addressingdelos with a familiarity that was startling . 
 but that was n't what gave her the bigjolt . 
 it wasthat she recognized the voice . 
 she knew it and shehated it . 
 it was sylvia . 
 she 's here , maggie thought . 
 and from the wayshe ` stalkingshe 's been here before - enough to getto know delos . 
 or maybe she was born here , and she 's just started coming outside . 
 whatever the truth , it somehow made maggiecertain that miles had been brought here , too . 
 but then-what ? 
 what had happened to him after that?had he done something that meant he had to disappear ? 
 or had it been sylvia 's plan from thebeginning ? 
 could delos have really ... ? 
 i do n't believe it , maggie thought fiercely , butthere was a pit of sick fear in her stomach . 
 outside , sylvia was chatting on in a musical voice . 
 `` we did n't even know you 'd left the groupbut then we saw the blue fire . 
 we thought youmight be in trouble - '' `` me ? 
 `` delos laughed briefly . 
 `` well-we thought there might betrouble , '' sylvia amended . 
 her own laugh was like wind chimes . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i used the fire for practice . '' 
 `` delos . '' 
 sylvia 's voice was gently reproving now , in a way that was almost flirtatious . 
 `` you knowyou should n't do that . 
 you 'll only do more damageto your armit 's never going to get better if youkeep using it . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 delos 's brusque tone was a sharp con trast to sylvia 's teasing . 
 `` but that 's my business . '' 
 `` i only want what 's best for you - '' `` let 's go . 
 i 'm sure the rest of the party is waiting for us . '' 
 he does n't like her , maggie thought . 
 all herwhinnying and prancing does n't fool him . 
 but iwonder what she is to him ? 
 what she really wanted at that moment was to dash out and confront sylvia . 
 grab her and shake her until she coughed up some answers . 
 but she 'd already tried that once-and it had gotten her thrown into slavery . 
 she gritted her teethand edged closer to the entrance crack . 
 it was dangerous and she knew it , but she wanted to seesylvia . 
 when she did , it was another shock . 
 sylvia always wore slinky tops and fashionable jeans , butthe outfit she had on now was completely medieval.more , she looked comfortable in it , as if thesestrange clothes were natural to her-and flattering . 
 she was wearing a sea-green tunic that had longsleeves and fell to the ground . 
 over that was another tunic , a shade paler , this one sleeveless andtied with a belt embroidered in green and silver . 
 her hair was loose in a fine shimmering mass , andshe had a falcon on her wrist . 
 a real falcon . 
 with a little leather hood on itshead and leather ties with bells on its feet . 
 maggie stared at it , fascinated despite herself . 
 that whole fragile act sylvia puts on , shethought . 
 but you have to be strong to hold up a big bird like that . 
 `` oh , we do n't have to rush back just yet , '' sylvia was saying , moving closer to delos . 
 `` now that i 'm here , we could go a little farther . 
 this looks like anice path ; we could explore it . '' 
 cady , maggie thought . 
 if they go to the end ofthe path , they 'll see her . 
 sylvia will see her . 
 she had just decided to jump out of the cavewhen delos spoke . 
 `` i 'm tired , '' he said in his flat , cold way . 
 `` we ` regoing back now . '' 
 `` oh , you 're tired , '' sylvia said , and her smile wasalmost sly . 
 `` you see . 
 i told you not to use yourpowers so much . 
 `` yes , `` delossaid , evenmoreshortly . 
 `` iremember . '' 
 before he could say anything else , sylvia went on . 
 `` i forgot to mention , a funny thing happened.a guy named gavin dropped in on the huntingparty a little while ago . '' 
 gavin . 
 maggie 's stomach plummeted . 
 he got away . 
 and he saw everything . 
 and he must have moved fast , she thought absently . 
 to hook around and get to a hunting partyon the other side of this ledge-in time for sylviato come find delos . 
 `` you probably doni know him , '' sylvia was saying . 
 `` but i do . 
 he 's the slave trader i use to getgirls from outside . 
 he 's normally pretty good , but today he was all upset . 
 he said a group of slavesgot loose on the mountain , and somehow his part ner bern got killed . '' 
 you ... witch , maggie thought . 
 she could n'tthink of a swear word strong enough . 
 sylvia knew . 
 there was no doubt about it . 
 ifgavin was her flunky , and if he 'd told her that bernwas dead , he must have told her the rest . 
 that bernhad been killed by prince delos himself , fried withblue fire , and that there were two slave girls infront of delos at the time . 
 she knew all along , maggie thought , and she wasjust trying to trap delos . 
 but why is n't she afraidof him ? 
 he 's the prince , after all . 
 his father 's dead ; he 's in charge . 
 so how come she daresto set upher little traps ? 
 `` we were all concerned , '' sylvia was going on , tilting her silvery head to one side . 
 `` all the nobles , and especially your greatgrandfather . 
 loose slavescan mean trouble '' `` how sweet of you to worry , '' delos said . 
 fromwhat maggie could see of his face , it was expressionless and his voice was dry and level . 
 `` but youshould n't have . 
 i used the fire for practice-on the other slave trader . 
 also on two slaves . 
 they interrupted me when i wanted quiet . '' 
 maggie sat in helpless admiration . 
 he did it . 
 he outsmarted her . 
 now there 's nothing she can say . 
 and there 's no way to prove thathe did n't kill us . 
 gavin ran ; he could n't have seenanything after that . 
 he saved us . 
 delos saved cady and me bothagain . 
 `` i see . '' 
 sylvia bowed her head , looking sweet andplacating , if not quite convinced . 
 `` well , of courseyou had every right to do that . 
 so the slaves aredead . '' 
 `` yes . 
 and since they were only slaves , why arewe standing heretalking about them ? 
 is there something about them i do n't know ? '' 
 `` no , no . 
 of course not , '' sylvia said quickly . 
 `` you 're right ; we 've wasted enough time . 
 let 's go back . '' 
 in her mind , maggie heard gavin 's voice . 
 `` it 's not like they were ordinary slaves . 
 if we do n't deliver that maiden we 're dead . '' 
 so she 's lying again , maggie thought . 
 what a surprise . 
 but who 's the maiden ? 
 and why 's she so important ? 
 for that matter , she thought , who 's this greatgrandfather of delos 's ? 
 when sylvia mentionedhim it sounded almost like a threat . 
 but if he 's agreat-grandfather he 's got to be ancient . 
 how aresylvia and some old geezer teamed up ? 
 it was an interesting question , but there was no time to think about it now . 
 sylvia and delos wereturning away from the cave , sylvia murmuringabout having to take a look at delos 's arm when they got back . 
 in another moment they 'd passed out of maggie 's line of sight and she heard thecrunching noise of feet on slate . 
 maggie waited until the last footstep faded , then she held her breath and waited for a count ofthirty . 
 it was all she could stand . 
 she ducked through the entrance crack and stood in the openair . 
 it was fully dark now . 
 she was very nearly blind.but shecould sense the vast emptiness of the valley in front of her , and the solidity of the mountain at her back . 
 and she should have felt relieved , to be outsideand not caught-but instead she felt strangely stifled . 
 it took her a moment to realize why . 
 there was no sound at all . 
 no footsteps , novoices , and no animals , either . 
 and that was whatfelt eerie . 
 it might be too cold at night for mosquitoes and gnats and flies , but there should have been someanimal life to be heard . 
 birds heading intothe trees to rest , batsheadingout . 
 deer feeding.bucks charging around-it was autumn , after all . 
 there was nothing . 
 maggie had the unnervingfeeling that she was alone in a strange lifelessworld swathed in cotton , cut off from everythingreal . 
 do n't stick around and think about it , she toldherself sternly . 
 find cady . 
 now ! 
 gritting her teeth , she thrust the water bag intoher jacket and started back . 
 by keeping close to the mountains bulk on her left and feeling ahead with her foot before each step , she could find her way in the dark . 
 when she reached the ledge , her stomach tightened in dismay . 
 terrific . 
 going down in pitch darkness-there 's going to be no way to see the footholds . 
 oh , well , i 'll feel for them . 
 the worst that can happen is i fall a hundred feet straight down . 
 `` cady , '' she whispered . 
 she was afraid to talk tooloudly ; the hunting party might be anywhere andsound could carry surprisingly well on a mountain slope . 
 `` cady ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 her heart thumped slowly five times before she heard something below . 
 not a voice , just a stirring , like cloth on rock , and then a sigh . 
 relief flooded through maggie in a wave that wasalmost painful . 
 cady had n't died or been abducted . 
 because maggie had left her . 
 `` stay there , '' she whispered as loudly as she dared . 
 `` i 'm coming down.i 've brought water . '' 
 it was n't ashard going downas she 'd expected . 
 maybe because she was still high on adrenaline , running in survival mode . 
 her feet seemed to findthe toeholds of their own accord and in a few minutes she was on the boulders . 
 `` cady . '' 
 her fingers found warmth and cloth . 
 itmoved and she heard another little sigh . 
 `` cady , areyou okay ? 
 i ca n't see you . '' 
 and then the darkness seemed to lighten , andmaggie realized that she couldsee the shape shewas touching , dimly but distinctly . 
 she glanced up and went still . 
 the moon was out . 
 in a sky that was otherwisecovered with clouds , there was a small opening , a clear spot . 
 the moon shone down through it like asupernatural white face , nearly full . 
 `` maggie . '' 
 the voice was a soft breath , almost awhisper , but it seemed to blow peace and calm into maggie 's heart . 
 `` thanks for letting me rest . 
 i feel stronger now . '' 
 maggie looked down . 
 silver light touched thecurves of cady 's cheek and lips . 
 the blind girllooked like some ancient egyptian princess , herdark hair loose in crimped waves around her shoulders , her wide , heavy-lashed eyes reflecting themoon . 
 her face wasas sereneasever . 
 `` i 'm sorry it took so long . 
 i got some water , `` maggie said . 
 she helped cady sit up and put thewater bag to her lips . 
 she does n't look as feverish , she thought ascadywas drinking . 
 maybe she can walk . 
 but where?where can we go ? 
 they would never make it to the pass . 
 and even if they did , what then ? 
 they 'd be high on a moun tain-some mountain-in the dark and cold of anovember night . 
 `` we need to get you to a doctor , '' she said . 
 cady stopped drinking and gave the bag back . 
 `` ido n't think there 's anything like that here . 
 there might be some healing woman down there in thecastle - but . . 
 she stopped and shook her head . 
 `` it 's not worth it . '' 
 `` what do you mean , it 's not worth it ? 
 and , hey , you rereally feeling better , are n't you ? '' 
 maggieadded , pleased . 
 it was the first time cady had gottenout more than a few words . 
 she sounded very weak , but rational , and surprisingly knowledgeable . 
 `` it 's not worth it because it 's too much of a risk . 
 i 'm too much of a risk . 
 you have to leave me here , maggie . 
 go down and get to shelter yourself . '' 
 `` not this again ! '' 
 maggie waved a hand she really could n't deal with this argument anymore . 
 `` ifi left you up here , you 'd die . 
 it 's going to get freezing cold . 
 so i 'm not going to leave you . 
 and ifthere 's a healing woman down at the castle , thenwe 're going to the castle . 
 wherever the castle is . '' 
 `` it 's the place all the night people are , '' arcadiasaid , unexpectedly grim . 
 `` the slaves , too . 
 everybody who lives here is inside the castle gates ; it ` sreally like a little town . 
 and it 's exactly the placeyou should n't go . '' 
 maggie blinked . 
 `` how come you know so much?are you an escaped slave like jeanne ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i heard about it a year or so ago from someone who had been here . 
 i was coming here for a reason-it was just bad luck that i got caught bythe slave traders on my way in . '' 
 maggie wanted to ask her more about it , but anagging voice inside her said that this was n't thetime . 
 it was already getting very cold . 
 they could n't be caught on the mountainside overnight `` that road the cart was on-does it go all theway to the castle ? 
 do you know ? '' 
 cady hesitated . 
 she turned her face toward the valley , and maggie had the strange sense that shewas looking out . 
 `` i think so , '' she said , at last . 
 `` it would makesense that it does , anyway-there 's only one placeto go in the valley . '' 
 `` then we 've got to find it again . '' 
 maggie knewthat would n't be easy . 
 they 'd run a long way frombern and gavin . 
 but she knew the general direction . 
 `` look , even if we do n't get to the castle , weshould find the road so we know where we are . 
 and if we have to spend the night on the mountain , it 's much better to be in the forest . 
 it 'll be warmer . '' 
 `` that 's true . 
 but - '' maggie did n't give her a chance to go on . 
 `` canyou stand up ? 
 i 'll help-put your arm around myneck ... . '' 
 it was tricky , getting cady out of the nest of boulders . 
 she and maggie both had to crawl most of the way . 
 and although cady never complained , maggiecould see how tired it made her . 
 `` come on , '' maggie said . 
 `` you 're doing great . 
 `` and she thought , with narrowed eyes and set teeth , if it comes to that , i 'll carryher . 
 too many people had told her to leave this girl.maggie had never felt quite this stubborn before . 
 but it was n't easy . 
 once into the woods , the canopy of branches cut off the moonlight . 
 in only minutes , cady wasleaning heavilyon maggie , stumbling and trembling . 
 maggie herself was stumbling , tripping over roots , slipping on club mossand liverwort . 
 strangely , cady seemed to have a better sense ofdirection than she did , and in the beginning shekept murmuring , `` this way , i think . '' 
 but after awhile she stopped talking , and some time afterthat , she stopped even responding to maggie ` squestions . 
 at last , she stopped dead and swayed on her feet . 
 it was no good . 
 the taller girl shivered once , thenwent limp . 
 it was all maggie could do to breakher fall . 
 and then she was sitting alone in a small clearing , with the spicy aroma of red cedar around her , and an unconscious girl in her lap . 
 maggie held still and listened to the silence . 
 which was broken suddenly by the crunch offootsteps . 
 footsteps coming toward her . 
 it might be a deer . 
 but there was something hesitant and stealthy about it . 
 crunch , pause ; crunchpause . 
 the back of maggie 's neck prickled . 
 she held her breath and reached out , feeling fora rock or a stick-some weapon . 
 cady was heavyin her lap . 
 something stirred in the salal bushes betweentwo trees . 
 maggie strained her eyes , every muscle tense . 
 the bushes stirred again . 
 maggie 's searching fingers found only acorns and licorice fern , so she made a fist instead , sliding out from underneath cady and holding herself ready . 
 a form emerged from the underbrush . 
 maggiestared so hard she saw gray dots but she could n'ttell anything about it . 
 there was a long , tense moment , and then a voice came to her . 
 `` i told you you 'd never make it . '' 
 maggie almost fainted with relief . 
 at the same moment the moon came out frombehind a cloud . 
 it shone down into the clearingand over the slender figure standing with a hand on one hip . 
 the pale silvery light turned red hairalmost black , but the angular face and narrowed skeptical eyes were unmistakable . 
 not to mention the sour expression . 
 maggieletout along , shuddering breath . 
 `` jeanne ! '' 
 `` you did n't get very far , did you ? 
 the road 's justover there . 
 what happened ? 
 did she drop deadon you ? '' 
 it wasamazinghow good that irritable , acerbicvoice sounded to maggie . 
 she laughed shakily . 
 `` no , cady 's not dead . 
 bern 's dead-you know , the bigslave trader guy . 
 but - '' `` you 're joking . '' 
 jeanne 's voice sharpened with respect and she moved forward . 
 ` `` you killed hunt ' `` no . 
 it waslook , i 'll explain later . 
 first , can youhelp me get her to somewhere more protected ? 
 it 's really getting freezing out here , and she 's completely out . '' 
 jeanne leaned down , looking at arcadia . 
 `` i toldyou before i was n't going to help you if you gotin trouble . '' 
 `` i know , '' maggie said . 
 `` can you sort of pick herup from that side ? 
 if we both get an arm under her shouldersshemight be able to walk a little . '' . 
 ` bull , '' jeanne said shortly . 
 `` we 'd better chaircarry her . 
 link hands and we can get her up . '' 
 maggie clasped a cold , slender hand with calluses and a surprisingly firm grip . 
 she heavedweight , and then they were carrying the unconscious girl . 
 `` you 're strong , '' she grunted . 
 `` yeah , well , that 's one of the side benefits ofbeing a slave . 
 the road 's this way . '' 
 it was awkward , slow work , but maggie wasstrong , too , and jeanne seemed to be able to guide them around the worst of the underbrush . 
 and it was so good just to be with another human being who was healthy and clear headed and did n't want to kill her , that maggie felt almost lighthearted . 
 `` what aboutp.j . ? 
 is she okay ? '' 
 `` she 's fine . 
 she 's in a place i know-it 's notmuch , but it 's shelter . 
 that 's where we 're going . '' 
 `` you took care of her , '' maggie said . 
 she shook her head in the darkness and laughed . 
 `` what are you snickering about ? '' 
 jeanne paused and they spent a few minutes maneuvering arounda fallen log covered with spongy moss . 
 `` nothing , '' maggie said . 
 `` it 's justyou 're prettynice , are n't you ? 
 underneath . '' 
 `` i look out for myself first . 
 that 's the rule aroundhere . 
 and do n't you forget it , '' jeanne said in a threatening mutter . 
 then she cursed as her foot sank into a swampy bit of ground . 
 `` okay , '' maggie said . 
 but she could still feel awry and wondering smile tugging up the corner ofher mouth . 
 neither of them had much breath for talkingafter that . 
 maggie was in a sort of daze of tirednessthat was n't completely unpleasant . 
 her mindwandered . 
 delos ... she had never met anyone so confus ing . 
 her entire body reacted just at the thought ofhim , with frustration and anger and a longing that she did n't understand . 
 it was a physical pang . 
 but then everything was so confusing . 
 things had happened so fast since last night that she 'd neverhad time to get her mental balance . 
 delos and the incredible thing that had happened between themwas only one part of the whole mess . 
 he said he 'd killed miles ... but that could n't be true . 
 miles could n't be dead.and delos was n't capable of anything like that ... was he ? 
 she found that she did n't want to think aboutthat . 
 it was like a huge dark cloud that she did n'twant to enter . 
 wherever jeanne was taking her , it was a long , cold trek . 
 and a painful one . 
 after about fifteenminutes maggie 's arms began to feelasif they werebeing pulled out of the sockets , and a hot spot of pain flared at the back of her neck . 
 her sweat wasclammy running down her back and her feetwere numb . 
 but she would n't give up , and jeanne did n't either . 
 somehow they kept going . 
 they had traveledfor maybe about forty-five minutes , with breaks , when jeanne said , `` here it is . '' 
 a clearing opened in front of them , and moonlight shone on a crude little shack made of weathered wood . 
 it leaned dangerously to one side andseveral boards were missing , but it had a ceilingand walls . 
 it was shelter . 
 to maggie , it looked beautiful . 
 `` runaway slaves built it , '' jeanne said breathlesslyas they took the last few steps to the cabin . 
 `` the night people hunted them down , of course , but they did n't find this place . 
 all the slaves at the castle know about it . '' 
 then she called in a slightlylouder tone , `` it 's me ! 
 open the door ! '' 
 a long pause , and then there was the sound of awooden bolt sliding and the door opened . 
 maggiecould see the pale blob of a small face . 
 p.j. penob scot , with her red plaid baseballcap still on backwardand herslightbodytense , wasblinkingsleepy , frightened eyes . 
 then she focused and her face changed . 
 `` maggie ! 
 you 're okay ! '' 
 she flung herself at maggie like a small javelin . 
 `` ow-hey ! '' 
 maggie swayed and cady 's limp bodydipped perilously . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you , too , '' maggie said . 
 to herown surprise , she found herself blinking back tears . 
 `` but i 've got to put this girl down or i 'm going todrop her . '' 
 `` back here , '' jeanne said . 
 the back of the cabinwas piled with straw . 
 she and maggie eased arcadia down onto it and then p.j. hugged maggie again . 
 `` you got us out . 
 we got away , '' p.j. said , hersharp little chin digging into maggie 's shoulder . 
 maggie squeezed her . 
 `` wellwe all got us out , and jeanne helped get you away . 
 but i 'm glad everybody made it . '' 
 `` is she ... all right ? '' 
 p.j. pulled back and lookeddown at arcadia . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 cady 's forehead felt hot undermaggie 's hand , and her breathing was regular butwith a rough , wheezy undertone maggie did n'tlike . 
 `` here 's a cover , '' jeanne said , dragging up a pieceof heavy , incredibly coarse material . 
 it seemed asbig as a sail and so rigid it hardly sagged or folded . 
 `` if we all get under it , we can keep warm . '' 
 they put cady in the middle , maggie and p.j. onone side of her and jeanne on the other . 
 the cover was more than big enough to spread over them . 
 and the hay smelled nice . 
 it was prickly , butmaggie 's long sleeves and jeans protected her . 
 there was a strange comfort in p.j. 's slight bodycuddled up next to herlike a kitten , maggiethought . 
 and it was so blessedly good to not bemoving , to not be carrying anyone , but just to sit still and relax her sore muscles . 
 `` there was a little food stashed here , '' jeannesaid , digging under the hay and pulling out a smallpacket . 
 `` dried meat strips and oatcakes with salalberries . 
 we 'd better save some for tomorrow , though . '' 
 maggie tore into the dried meat hungrily . 
 itdid n't taste like beef jerky ; it was tougher and gam ier , but right at the moment it seemed delicious.she tried to get cady to eat some , but it was nouse . 
 cady just turned her head away . 
 she and jeanne and p.j. finished the meal offwith a drink of water , and then they lay back onthe bed of hay . 
 maggie felt almost happy . 
 the gnawing in her stomach was gone , her muscles were loosening up , and she could feel a warm heavinesssettlingoverher . 
 `` you were going ... to tell me about bern ... `` jeanne said from the other side of cady . 
 the wordstrailed off into a giant yawn . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 maggie 's brain was fuzzy and her eyeswould n't stay open . 
 `` tomorrow ... '' and then , lying on a pile of hay in a tiny shack ina strange kingdom , with three girls who had been strangers to her before this afternoon and who nowseemed a little like sisters , she was fast asleep . 
 maggie woke up with her nose cold and her feettoo hot . 
 pale light was coming in all the cracks inthe boards of the cabin . 
 for one instant she stared at the rough weathered-silver boards and the hayon the floor and wondered where she was . 
 thenshe remembered everything . 
 `` cady . '' 
 she sat up and looked at the girl beside her . 
 cady did n't look well . 
 her face had the waxyinner glow of somebody with a fever , and there were little tendrils of dark hair curled damply onher forehead . 
 but at maggie 's voice her eyelashes fluttered , then her eyes opened . 
 `` maggie ? '' 
 `` how are you feeling ? 
 want some water ? '' 
 shehelped cady drink from the leather bag . 
 `` i 'm all right . 
 thanks to you , i think . 
 youbrought me here , did n't you ? '' 
 cady 's face turnedas if she were looking around the room with herwide , unfocused eyes . 
 she spoke in short sentences , as if she were conserving her strength , but hervoice was more gentle than weak . 
 `` and jeanne , too.thank you both . '' 
 she must have heard us talkinglast night , maggie thought . 
 jeanne was sitting up , straw in her red hair , her green eyes narrow and alert instantly . 
 p.j.was stirring and making grumpy noises . 
 `` morning , '' maggie said . 
 `` is everybody okay ? ' 
 `` yeah , '' p.j. said in a small , husky voice . 
 therewas a loud rumble from her stomach . 
 `` i guess i ` mstill a little hungry , '' she admitted . 
 `` there 're a couple oatcakes left , '' jeanne said . 
 `` and one strip of meat . 
 we might as well finishit off . '' 
 they made cady eat the meat , although she triedto refuse it . 
 then they divided the oatcakes solemnly into four parts and ate them , chewing dog gedly on dry , flaky mouthfuls . 
 `` we 're going to need more water , too , '' maggiesaid , after they 'd each had a drink . 
 the leather bagwas almost empty . 
 `` but i think the first thing is tofigure out what we 're going to do now . 
 what our plan is . '' 
 `` the first thing , '' jeanne said , `` is to tell us whathappened to bern . '' 
 `` oh . 
 `` maggie blinked , but she could see whyjeanne would want to know . 
 `` well , he 's definitely dead . '' 
 she sketched in what had happened aftershe and cady had started running through thewoods . 
 how gavin and bern had chased them andhad finally driven them into a corner on the boulder pile.how bern hadclimbedup andchanged ... `` he was a shapeshifter , you know , '' she said . 
 jeanne nodded , unsurprised . 
 `` bern means bear.they usually have names that mean what they are.but you 're saying you tried to fight thatguy off with a stick ? 
 you 're dumber than i thought . '' 
 still , her green eyes were gleaming with something likewry admiration , and p.j. was listening with awe . 
 `` and then-there was this lightning , '' maggiesaid . 
 `` and it killed bern and gavin ran away . '' 
 sherealized , even asshe said it , that she did n't wantto tell everything that had happened with delos.she did n't think jeanne would understand . 
 so she left out the way their minds had linked when theytouched , and the way she 'd seen his memories-and the fact that she 'd dreamed about him beforeever coming to this valley . 
 `` then i filled the water bag and we heard sylviacoming and he went out to make sure she did n'tfind me or cady , '' she finished . 
 she realized thatthey were all staring at her . 
 cady 's facewasthoughtful and serene as always , p.j. was scaredbut interested in the story-but jeanne was rivetedwith disbelief and horror . 
 `` you 're saying prince delossaved your life ? 
 withthe blue fire ? 
 you 're saying he did n't turn you overto the hunting party ? '' 
 she said it as if she were talking about dracula . 
 `` it 's the truth . '' 
 good thing i did n't tell her aboutthe kiss , maggie thought . 
 `` it 's impossible . 
 delos hates everybody . 
 he 's themost dangerous of all of them . '' 
 `` yeah , that 's what he kept telling me . '' 
 maggieshook her head . 
 the way jeanne was looking at hermade her uncomfortable , as if she were defendingsomeone unredeemably evil . 
 `` he also said at one point that he killed my brother , '' she said slowly . 
 `` but i did n't know whether to believeit ... '' `` believe it . '' 
 jeanne 's nostrils were flared and herlip curledasif she were looking at something disgusting . 
 `` he 's the head of this whole place and everything that goes on here . 
 there 's nothing hewould n't do . 
 i ca n't believe he let you go . '' 
 she considered for a moment , then said grimly , `` unless he 's got something special in mind . 
 letting you go and then hunting you down later . 
 it 's the kind ofthing he 'd enjoy . '' 
 maggie had a strange feeling of void in her stomach that had nothing to do with hunger . 
 she triedto speak calmly . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 i think-he justdid n't care if i got away . '' 
 `` you 're fooling yourself . 
 you do n't understandabout these people because you have n't been here . 
 none of youhave been here . '' 
 jeanne looked at p.j. , who was watching with wide blue ` eyes , and atcady , who was listening silently , her head slightlybowed . 
 `` the night people are monsters.and theones here in the dark kingdom are the worst of all . 
 some of them have been alive for hundreds of years-some of them were here when delos ` sgrandfather founded the place . 
 they 've been holedup in this valley all that time ... and allthey do ishunt.it 's their only sport . 
 it 's all they care about . 
 it 's all they do . '' 
 maggie 's skin was prickling . 
 part of her did n'twant to pursue this subject any further . 
 but she had to know . 
 `` last night i noticed something weird , '' she said . 
 `` i was standing outside and listening , but i could n'thear any animal sounds anywhere . 
 none at all . '' 
 `` they 've wiped them out . 
 alltheanimalsin the wild are gone . '' 
 p.j. 's thin little hand clutched at maggie 's armnervously . 
 ` but then what do they hunt ? '' 
 `` animals they breed and release . 
 i 've been a slavehere for three years , and at first i only saw them breeding local animals-cougars and black bears wolverines and stuff . 
 but in the last couple ofyears they 've started bringing in exotics . 
 leopardstigers and things . '' 
 maggie let out her breath and patted p.j. 's hand . 
 ` but not humans . '' 
 `` do n't make me laugh . 
 of course humans-butonly when they can get an excuse . 
 the laws say the vampires ca n't hunt slaves to death because they ` retoo precious-pretty soon the food supply wouldbe gone . 
 but if slaves get loose , they at least get to hunt them down and bring them back to the castle . 
 and if a slave has to be executed , they do a death hunt . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 the void in maggie 's stomach had become a yawning chasm . 
 `` but-2 ' `` if he let you go , it was so he could come backand hunt you , '' jeanne said flatly . 
 `` i 'm telling you , he 's bad . 
 it was three years ago that the old kingdied and delos took over , okay ? 
 and it was threeyears ago that they started bringing new slaves in.not just grabbing people off the mountain if theygot too close , but actuallygoing down and kidnapping girls off the streets . 
 that 's why i 'm here.that ` swhy p.j. 's here . '' 
 beside maggie , p.j. shivered . 
 maggie put an armaround her and felt the slight body shaking againsthers . 
 she gulped , her other hand clenching into afist . 
 `` hey , kiddo . 
 you 've been really brave so far , sojust hang on , okay ? 
 things are going to work out . '' 
 she could feel jeanne 's sarcastic eyes on herfrom beyond cady , daring her to explain exactly howthings were going to work out . 
 she ignoredthem . 
 `` was it the same for you , cady ? '' 
 she asked . 
 shewas glad to get off the subject of delos , and shewas remembering the strange thing cady had saidlast night . 
 i was coming here for a reason ... `` no . 
 they got me on the mountain . '' 
 but the waycady spoke alarmed maggie . 
 it was slowly and with obvious effort , the voice of someone who had touse all their strength just to concentrate . 
 maggie forgot all about delos and the slave tradeand put a hand to cady 's forehead . 
 `` oh , god , '' she said . 
 `` you 're burning up . 
 you 're totally on fire . '' 
 cady blinked slowly . 
 `` yes-it 's the poison , '' shesaid in a foggy voice . 
 `` they injected me with something when they caught me-but i had a bad reaction to it . 
 my system ca n't take it . '' 
 adrenaline flicked through maggie . 
 `` and you ` regetting worse . '' 
 when cady nodded reluctantly , shesaid , `` right . 
 then there 's no choice . 
 we have to getto the castle because that 's where the healingwomen are , right ? 
 if anybody can help , they can , right ? '' 
 `` wait a minute , '' jeanne said . 
 `` we ca n't go downto the castle . 
 we 'd be walking right into their arms.and we ca n't get out of the valley . 
 i found the passbefore , but that was by accident . 
 i could n't find itagain `` i could , '' maggie said . 
 when jeanne stared at her , she said , `` never mind how . 
 i just can . 
 but going that way means climbing down a mountainon the other side and cady ca n't make it . 
 and i do n't think she 'll make it if we leave her alone hereand go look for help . '' 
 jeanne 's narrow green eyes were on her again , and maggie knew what they were saying . 
 so we ` vegot to give up on her . 
 it 's the only thing thatmakessense . 
 but maggie bulldozed on in determination . 
 `` youcan take p.j. to thepass-i can tellyou howto get there-and ill take cady to the castle . 
 how about that ? 
 if you can tell me how to get to it . '' 
 `` itstinks , `` jeanne said flatly . 
 `` even if you make it to the castle with her hanging on you , you wo n'tknow how to get in . 
 and if you doget in , you 'll be committing suicide - '' she broke off , and everyone started . 
 for an instant maggie did n't understand why-all she knewwas that she had a sudden feeling of alarm andalertness . 
 then she realized that cady had turnedsuddenly toward the door . 
 it was the quick , instinctive gesture of a cat who has heard something dangerous , and it triggered fear in the girls who werelearning to live by their own instincts . 
 and now that maggie sat frozen , she could hearit , too , faraway but distinct . 
 the sound of peoplecalling , yelling back and forth . 
 and another sound , one that she 'd only heard in movies , but that sherecognized instantly . 
 hounds baying . 
 `` it 's them , '' jeanne whispered into the dead silence of the shack . 
 `` i told you . 
 they 're hunting us . '' 
 `` with dogs ? 
 `` maggie said , shock tingling throughher body . 
 no , we 're not ! '' 
 maggie said . 
 she kicked the heavy cover off and jumped up , grabbing cady 's arm . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 jeanne said . 
 `` the castle , '' maggie said . 
 `` but we 've got to sticktogether . '' 
 she grabbed pj . 
 's arm with her otherhand . 
 `` the castle ? '' 
 maggie pinned jeanne with a look . 
 `` it 's the onlything that makes sense . 
 they 'll be expecting us totry to find the pass , right ? 
 they 'll find us if we stayhere . 
 the only place they wo n't expect us to go is the castle . '' 
 `` you , '' jeanne said , `` are completely crazy - '' `` come on ! '' 
 `` but you just might be right . '' 
 jeanne grabbed cady from the other side as maggie started for the door . 
 `` you stay right behind us , '' maggie hissed at p.j. . 
 the landscape in front of her looked differentthan it had last night . 
 the mist formed a silver netover the trees , and although there was no sun , the clouds had a cool pearly glow . 
 it was beautiful . 
 still alien , still disquieting , butbeautiful . 
 and in the valley below was a castle . 
 maggie stopped involuntarily as she caught sightof it . 
 it rose out of the mist like an island , blackand shiny and solid . 
 with towers at the edges . 
 anda wall around it with a saw-toothed top , just like the castles in pictures . 
 it looks so real , maggie thoughtstupidly . 
 `` do n't stand there ! 
 what are you waiting for?jeanne snapped , dragging at cady . 
 maggie tore her eyes away and made her legswork . 
 they headed at a good pace straight for the thickest trees below the shack . 
 `` if it 's dogs , we should try to find a stream orsomething , right ? '' 
 she said to jeanne . 
 `` to cut off our scent . '' 
 `` i know a stream , '' jeanne said , speaking in shortbursts as they made their way through dew-wetferns and saxifrages . 
 `` i lived out here a while thefirst time i escaped . 
 when i was looking for thepass . 
 but they 're not just dogs . '' 
 maggie helped cady scramble over the tentaclelike roots of a hemlock tree . 
 `` what 's that supposedto mean ? '' 
 `` it means they 're shapeshifters , like bern andgavin . 
 so they do n't just track us by scent . 
 they also feel our life energy . '' 
 maggie thought about bern turning his face this way and that , saying , `` do yousense anything ? 
 `` andgavin saying , `` no . 
 i ca n't feel them atall . '' 
 `` great , '' maggie muttered . 
 she glanced back andsaw p.j. following doggedly , her face taut with concentration . 
 it was a strange sort of chase . 
 maggie and hergroup were trying to keepas quietaspossible , which was made easier by the dampness of the rainforest around them . 
 although there were fourof them moving at once , the only sound from closeup was the soft pant of quick breathing and the occasional short gasp of direction from jeanne . 
 they slipped and plunged and stumbled betweenthe huge dark trunks that stood like columns in themist . 
 cedar boughs drooped from above , making ittwilight where maggie was trying to pick her wayaround moss-covered logs . 
 there was a cool greensmell like incense everywhere . 
 but however still the world was around them , there was always the sound of the hounds baying in the distance . 
 always behind them , always getting closer . 
 they crossed an icy , knee-deep stream , but maggie did n't have much hope that it would throw the pursuit off . 
 cady began to lag seriously after that.she seemed dazed and only semiconscious , follow ing instructionsas if she weresleepwalking , and only answering questions with a fuzzy murmur.maggie was worried aboutp.j . 
 , too . 
 they were all weak with hunger and shaky with stress . 
 but it was n't until they were almost at the castle that the hunt caught up with them . 
 they had somehow finished the long , demandingtrek down the mountain . 
 maggie was burning withpride for p.j. and cady . 
 and then , all at once , thebaying of the hounds came , terribly close and get ting louder fast . 
 at the same moment , jeanne stopped and cursed , staring ahead . 
 `` what ? '' 
 maggie was panting heavily . 
 `` you seethem ? '' 
 jeanne pointed . 
 `` i see the road.i 'm an idiot.they 're coming right down it , much faster than we can go through the underbrush . 
 i did n't realize wewere headed for it . '' 
 p.j. leaned against maggie , her slight chest heaving , her plaid baseball hat askew . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` are theygoing to catch us ? '' 
 `` not '' maggie set her jaw grimly . 
 `` well have togo back fast - 2 ' at that moment , faintly but distinctly , cady said , `` the tree . '' 
 her eyes were half shut , her head was bowed , and she still looked as if she were in a trance . 
 butfor some reason maggie felt she ought to listen to her . 
 `` hey , waitlook at this . '' 
 they were standing at the foot of a huge douglas fir . 
 its lowest brancheswere much too high to climb in the regular way , but a maple had fallen against it and remainedwedged , branches interlocked with the giant , forming a steep but climbable ramp . 
 `` we can go up . '' 
 ` you 're crazy , `` jeanne saidagain . 
 `` we ca n't possibly hide here ; they 're going to go right by us . 
 and besides , how does she even know there 's a tree here ? '' 
 maggie looked at arcadia . 
 it was a good question , but cady was n't answering . 
 she seemed to bein a trance again . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but we ca n't just stand aroundand wait for them to come . '' 
 the truth was that herinstincts were all standing up and screaming at her , and they said to trust . 
 `` let 's try it , okay ? 
 come on , p.j. , can you climb that tree ? '' 
 four minutes later they were all up . 
 we 're hiding in a christmas tree , maggie thoughtasshe lookedout between sprays of flat aromatic needles . 
 fromthis height she could see the road , which was justtwo wheel tracks with grass growing down the middle . 
 just then the hunt arrived . 
 the dogs came first , dogsasbigasjake the great dane , but leaner . 
 maggie could see their ribsclearly defined under their short , dusty tan coats.right behind them were people on horses . 
 sylvia was at the front of the group . 
 she was wearing what looked like a gown splitfor riding , in a cool shade of glacier green . 
 trottingbeside her stirrup was gavin , the blond slave traderwho 'd chased maggie and cady yesterday and had run to tattle when delos killed bern with the blue fire . 
 yeah , they 're buddy-buddy all right , maggiethought . 
 but she did n't have time to dwell on it.coming up fast behind sylvia were two other people who each gave her a jolt , and she did n't knowwhich shock was worse . 
 one was delos . 
 he was riding a beautiful horse , so dark brown it was almost black , but with reddish highlights . 
 he sat straight and easy in the saddle , looking every inch the elegant young prince . 
 the only discordant note was the heavy brace on his left arm . 
 maggie stared at him , her heart numb . 
 he was after them . 
 it was just as jeanne hadsaid he was hunting them down with dogs . 
 andhe 'd probably told sylvia that he had n't really killedtwo of the slaves . 
 almost inaudibly , jeanne breathed , `` you see ? 
 `` maggie could n't look at her . 
 then she saw another rider below and froze inbewilderment . 
 it was delos 's father . 
 he looked exactly the way he had in delos ` smemories . 
 a tall man , with bloodred hair and acold , handsome face . 
 maggie could n't see his eyes at this distance , but she knew that they were afierce and brilliant yellow . 
 the old king . 
 but he was deadmaggie was tooagitated to be cautious . 
 `` who is that ? 
 the redhaired man , '' she murmured urgently to jeanne . 
 jeanne answered almost without a sound . 
 `` hunter redfern . '' 
 `` it 's not the king ? '' 
 jeanne shook her head minutely . 
 then , whenmaggie kept staring at her , she breathed . 
 `` he ` sdelos 's greatgrandfather . 
 he just came . 
 i 'll tell youabout it later . '' 
 maggie nodded . 
 and the next instant it wasswept out of her head as p.j. 's hand clutched at her and she felt a wave of adrenaline . 
 the party below was stopping . 
 the hounds turned and circled first , forming ahesitant clump not twenty feet down the road . 
 when the people pulled up their horses they werealmost directly below maggie 's tree . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 the tall man said , the one jeannehad called hunter redfern . 
 and then one of the hounds changed . 
 maggiecaught the movement out of the corner of her eyeand looked quickly , or she would have missed it . 
 the lean , wiry animal reared up , like a dog tryingto look over a fence . 
 but when it reached its fullheight it did n't wobble or go back down . 
 it steadied , and its entire dusty-tan body rippled . 
 then , as if it were the most natural thing in theworld , its shoulders went back and its arms thickened . 
 its spine straightened and it seemed to gainmore height . 
 its tail pulled in and disappeared . 
 andits hound face melted and re-formed , the ears andmuzzle shrinking , the chin growing . 
 in maybetwenty seconds the dog had become a boy , a boy who still wore patches of tan fur here and there , but definitely human-looking . 
 and he 's got pants on , maggie thought distractedly , even though her heart was pounding in herthroat . 
 i wonder how they manage that ? 
 the boy turned his head toward the riders . 
 maggie could see the ribs in his bare chest move withhis breathing . 
 `` something 's wrong here , '' he said . 
 `` i ca n't followtheir life force anymore . '' 
 hunter redfern looked around . 
 `` are they blocking it ? '' 
 gavin spoke up from beside sylvia 's stirrup . 
 `` bern said they were blocking it yesterday . '' 
 `` is n't that impossible ? '' 
 delos 's cool voice camefrom the very back of the group , where he wasexpertly holdinghisnervous , dancinghorsein check . 
 `` if they 're only humans ? '' 
 hunter did n't move or blink an eye , but maggiesaw a glance pass between.sylvia and gavin . 
 sheherself twisted her head slightly , just enough tolook at the other girls in the tree . 
 she wanted to see if jeanne understood whatthey were talking about , but it was cady whocaught her eye . 
 cady 's eyes were shut , her headleaning against the dark furrowed trunk of the tree.her lips were moving , although maggie could n'thear any sound . 
 and jeanne was watching her with narrowedeyes and an expression of grim suspicion . 
 `` human vermin are full of surprises , '' hunter redfern was saying easily down below . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 we 'll get them eventually . '' 
 `` they may be heading for the castle , '' sylvia said . 
 `` we 'd better put extra guards at the gate . '' 
 maggie noticed how delos stiffened at that . 
 and so did hunter redfern , even though he waslooking the other way . 
 he said calmly , `` what do you think of that , prince delos ? '' 
 delos did n't move for an instant . 
 then he said , `` yes . 
 do it . '' 
 but he said it to a lean , bearded man beside him , who bowed his head in a quick jerk . 
 and he did something that made maggie 's heartgo cold . 
 he looked up at her . 
 the other people in his party , including the hounds , were looking up and down the road , orsideways into the forest at their own level . 
 deloswas the only one who 'd been sitting quietly , lookingstraight ahead . 
 but now he tilted his chin andturned an expressionless face toward the cluster ofbranches where maggie was sitting.and met her gaze directly . 
 she saw the blaze of his yellow eyes , even at thisdistance . 
 he was looking coolly and steadily-at her . 
 maggie jerked back and barely caught herselffrom falling . 
 her heart was pounding so hard itwas choking her . 
 but she did n't seem to be able to do anything but cling to her branch . 
 we 're dead , she thought dizzily , pinned into immobility by those golden eyes . 
 he 's stronger thanthe rest of them ; he 's a wild power . 
 and he couldsense us all along . 
 now all they have to do is surround the tree . 
 wecan try to fight-but we do n't have weapons . 
 they ` llbeat us in no time ... go away.the voice gave her a new shock . 
 it wasclear and unemotional-and it was in maggie ` shead . 
 delos?she thought , staring into that burning gaze . 
 you can - ? 
 his expression did n't change . 
 i told you before , but you would n't listen . 
 what do i have to do to make you understand ? 
 maggie 's heart picked up more speed . 
 delos , lis ten to me . 
 i do n't want i 'm warning you , he said , and his mental voicewas like ice . 
 do n't come to the castle . 
 if you do , i wo n't protect you again . 
 maggie felt cold to her bones , too numb to evenform words to answer him . 
 i mean it , he said . 
 stay away from the castle if you want to stay alive . 
 then he turned away and maggie felt the contactbetween them broken off cleanly . 
 where his presence had been she could feel emptiness . 
 `` let 's go , '' he said in a short , hard voice , and spurred his horse forward . 
 and then they were all moving , heading on downthe path , leaving maggie trying to keep hertrembling from shaking the tree . 
 when the last horse was out of sight , p.j. let outher breath , sagging . 
 `` i thought they had us , '' she whispered . 
 maggie swallowed . 
 `` me , too . 
 but cady was right.they went on by . '' 
 she turned . 
 `` just what was that stuff about us blocking them ? '' 
 cady was still leaning her head against the treetrunk , and her eyes were still closed . 
 but sheseemed almost asleep now-and her lips were n'tmoving . 
 jeanne 's eyes followed maggie 's . 
 they were stillnarrowed , and her mouth was still tight with something like grim humor . 
 but she did n't say anything.after a moment she quirked an eyebrow andshrugged minutely . 
 `` who knows ? '' 
 youknow , maggie thought . 
 at least more thanyou 're telling me . 
 but there was something elsebothering her , so she said , `` okay , then , what aboutthat guy who looks like delos 's father ? 
 hunterredfern . '' 
 `` he 's a bigwig in the night world , '' jeanne said . 
 `` maybe the biggest . 
 it was his son who foundedthis place back in the fourteen hundreds . '' 
 maggie blinked . 
 `` in the what 's ? '' 
 jeanne 's eyes glowed briefly , sardonically . 
 `` in thefourteen hundreds , '' she said with exaggerated pa tience . 
 `` they ` revampires , allright?actually , they 're lamia , which is the kind of vampire thatcan have kids , but that 's not the point . 
 the point is they 're immortal , except for accidents . '' 
 `` that guy has been alive more than five hundredyears , '' maggie said slowly , looking down the pathwhere hunter redfern had disappeared . 
 `` yeah . 
 and , yeah , everybody says how much helooks like the old king . 
 or the other way around , you know . '' 
 delos sure thinks he looks like him , maggiethought . 
 she 'd seen the way hunter handled delos , guiding him as expertly as delos had guided hishorse . 
 delos was usedto obeying somebody wholooked and sounded just like hunter redfern . 
 then she frowned . 
 `` buthow come heis n'tking ? '' 
 `` oh ... `` jeanne sighed and ducked under a sprayof fir needles that was tangled in her hair . 
 she looked impatient and uneasy . 
 `` he 's from the outside , okay ? 
 he 's only been here a couple of weeks . 
 all the slaves say that he did n't even know aboutthis place before that . 
 ` me did n't know ... '' `` look . 
 this is the way i heard it from the oldslaves , okay ? 
 hunter redfern had a son namedchervil when he was really young . 
 and when cher vil was , like , our age , they had some big argumentand got estranged . 
 and then chervil ran off withhis friends , and that left hunter redfern withoutan heir . 
 and hunter redfern never knew thatwhere the kid went was hem . '' 
 jeanne gesturedaround the valley . 
 `` to start his own little kingdom of night people . 
 but then somehow hunter found out , so he came to visit . 
 and that 's why he 's here . '' 
 she finished and stretched her shoulders , lookingdown the tree-ramp speculatively . 
 p.j. sat quietly , glancing from jeanne to maggie . 
 cady justbreathed . 
 maggie chewed her lip , not satisfied yet . 
 `` he ` shere just to visit ? 
 that 's all ? '' 
 `` i 'm a slave . 
 you think i asked him personally ? '' 
 `` i think you know . '' 
 jeanne stared at her a moment , then glanced atp.j . 
 her look was almost sullen , but maggieunderstood . 
 `` jeanne , she 's been through hell already . 
 whatever it is , she can take it . 
 right , kiddo ? '' 
 p.j. twisted her plaid cap in a complete circleand settled it more firmly on her head . 
 `` right , '' shesaid flatly . 
 i think , '' jeanne said , `` that he 's here to get delosto close the dark kingdom out shut up the castleand come join him outside . 
 and , incidentally , ofcourse , kill all the slaves . '' 
 maggie stared . 
 ` kill them all ? ' 
 `` well , it makes sense . 
 nobody would needthem anymore . '' 
 `` and that 's why you were escaping now , '' maggiesaid slowly . 
 jeanne gave her a quick , startled glance . 
 `` you ` rereally not as stupid as you seem at first sight , you know ? '' 
 `` gee , thanks . '' 
 maggie shifted on her branch . 
 aminute ago she 'd been thinking how good it would feel to get away from the twigs poking her . 
 now she suddenly wanted to stay here forever , hiding.she had a very bad feeling . 
 `` so why , '' she said , forming her thoughtsslowly , `` doeshunter redfern want to do thisright now ? '' 
 `` what do youthink ? 
 really , maggie , what do you know about all this ? '' 
 four wild powers , maggie thought , hearing delos 's old teacher 's voice in her mind . 
 who willbeneeded at the millennium , to save the world-or todestroy it . 
 `` i know that something 's happening at the millennium , and that delos is a wild power , and thatthe wild powers are supposed to do something - '' `` save the world , '' jeanne said in a clipped voice . 
 `` except that that 's not what the night people want.they figure there 's going to be some huge catastrophe that 'll wipe out most of the humansand then they can take over . 
 and that 's why hunter redfern ` shere . 
 he wants the wild powers on his side insteadof on the humans ' . 
 he wants them to help destroythe human world instead of saving it . 
 and it lookslike he 's just about convinced delos . '' 
 maggie let out a shaky breath and leaned herhead against a branch . 
 it was just like what deloshad told her-except that jeanne was an uninterested party . 
 she still wanted not to believe it , but she had a terrible sinking feeling . 
 in fact , she had a strange feeling of weight , as if something awfulwas trying to settle on her shoulders . 
 `` the millennium really means the end of theworld , '' she said . 
 `` yeah . 
 our world , anyway . '' 
 maggie glanced atp.j . 
 , who was swinging her thin legs over the edge of a branch . 
 `` you stillokay ? '' 
 p.j. nodded . 
 she looked frightened , but not unbearably so . 
 she kept her eyes on maggie 's face trustingly . 
 `` and do youstill want to go to the castle ? 
 `` jeanne said , watching maggie just as closely . 
 `` hunter redfern is a very bad guy to mess with.and i hate to tell you , but your friend prince delosis out for our blood just like the rest of them . '' 
 `` no , i do n't still wantto go , '' maggie said briefly . 
 her head went down and she gave jeanne a brooding look under her eyelashes . 
 ` but i have to , anyway . 
 i 've got even more reasons now . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 maggie held up a finger . 
 `` one , i 've got to . 
 gethelp for cady . '' 
 she glanced at the motionless figure clinging trancelike to the fir 's trunk , then held upanother finger . 
 `` two , i have to find out what happened to my brother . '' 
 another finger . 
 `` and , three , i have to get those slaves free before hunter redfern has them all killed . '' 
 `` you have to what ? 
 `` jeanne said in a muffled shriek . 
 she almost fell out of the tree . 
 `` i kind of thought you 'd react that way . 
 do n'tworry about it . 
 you do n't have to get involved . '' 
 `` i was wrong before . 
 you areas dumbasyoulook . 
 and you are totally freaking crazy . '' 
 yeah , i know , maggie thought grimly . 
 it 's probably justas well i did n't mention the fourth reason . 
 which was that she had to keep delos from aiding and abetting the end of the world . 
 that wasthe responsibility that had settled on her , and she had no idea why it was hers except that she 'd been inside his mind . 
 she knew him . 
 she could n't justwalk away . 
 if anybody could talk to him about it and convince him not to do it , she could . 
 she had absolutely no doubt about that . 
 so it was her job to try . 
 and if he was really as evil as jeanne seemed tothink-if it was true that he 'd killed miles ... well , then she had a different job . 
 she had to do whatever was necessary to stophim . 
 distant and impossible as it seemed , shewould have to kill him if that was what it took . 
 `` come on , '' she said to the other girls . 
 `` cady , do you think you can climb down now ? 
 and , jeanne , do you know a way into the castle ? '' 
 the moat stank . 
 maggie had been glad to find jeanne knew a wayinto the castle . 
 that was before she discovered that it involved swimming through stagnant water and climbing up what jeanne called a garderobe butwhat was all too obviously the shaft of an oldlatrine . 
 `` just kill me , somebody , '' maggie whispered halfway up . 
 she was soaking wet and daubed with un thinkable slime . 
 she could n't remember ever beingquite this dirty . 
 the next moment she forgot about it in her worryabout cady . 
 cady had managed the swim , still doing everything she was told asif she werein a trance . 
 but now she was getting shaky . 
 maggiewondered seriously whether this sort of activity was helpful to somebody who 'd been poisoned . 
 when they werefinally at the top of the shaft , maggie looked around and saw a small room thatseemed to be built directly into the castle wall . 
 everything was made of dark stone , with a cold and echoing feel to it . 
 `` do n't make any noise , '' jeanne whispered . 
 shebent close to maggie , who was helping support cady . 
 `` we need to go down a passage and throughthe kitchen , okay ? 
 it 's all right if slaves see us , butwe have to watch out for them . '' 
 `` we 've got to get cady to a healing woman - '' `` i know ! 
 that 's where i 'm trying to take you . 
 `` jeanne clamped a hand on p.j. 's shoulder and steered her into a corridor . 
 more stone . 
 more echoes . 
 maggie tried to walkwithout her shoes squishing or smacking . 
 she wasdimly impressed with the castle itself-it was grandand cold and so huge that she felt like an insect making her way through the passage . 
 after what seemed like an endless walk , theyemerged in a small entryway partitioned off bywooden screens . 
 maggie could hear activity behind the screens andas jeanne led them stealthily forward , she caught a glimpse of people moving onthe other side . 
 they were spreading white tablecloths over long wooden tables in a room thatseemed bigger than maggie 's entire house . 
 another doorway . 
 another passage . 
 and finallythe kitchen , which was full of bustling people . 
 theywere stirring huge iron cauldrons and turning meaton spits . 
 the smell of a dozen different kinds offood hit maggie and made her feel faint . 
 she was so hungry that her knees wobbled and she had to swallow hard . 
 but even more than hungry , she was scared . 
 they were in plain sight of dozens of people . 
 `` slaves , '' jeanne said shortly . 
 `` they wo n't tell onus . 
 grab a sack to wrap around you and come on.and , p.j. , take off that ridiculous hat . '' 
 slaves , maggie thought , staring . 
 they were alldressed identically , in loose-fitting pants and topsthat were like short tunics . 
 jeanne was wearing thesame thing-it had looked enough like clothes from outside that maggie had n't really focused on it before . 
 what struck her now was that everybodylooked so ... un-ironed . 
 there were no sharp creases . 
 and no real color . 
 all the clothes were an indeterminate shade of beige-brown , and all thefaces seemed just as dull and faded they were like drones . 
 what would it be like to live that way ? 
 she wondered as she threw a rough sack around her shoulders to hide the dark blue of her jacket . 
 without any choice in what you do , and any hope for thefuture ? 
 it would be terrible , she decided . 
 and it mightjust drive you crazy . 
 i wonder if any of them ever ... snap ? 
 but she could n't look around anymore . 
 jeanne was hustling through a doorway into the open air.there was a kind of garden here just outside the kitchen , with scraggly fnut trees and what lookedlike herbs . 
 then there was a courtyard andfinallya row of huts nestled against the high black wall that surrounded the castle . 
 `` this is the really dangerous part , '' jeanne whispered harshly . 
 `` it 's the back , but if one of them looks out and sees us , we 're in trouble . 
 keep yourhead down-and walk like this . 
 like a slave . '' 
 sheled them at a shufflingrun toward a hut . 
 this place is like a city , maggie thought . 
 a cityinside a wall , with the castle in the middle . 
 they reached the shack . 
 jeanne pulled the door open and bustled them inside . 
 then she shut the door again and sagged . 
 `` i think we actually made it . '' 
 she sounded surprised . 
 maggie was looking around . 
 the tiny room was dim , but she could see crude furniture and piles ofwhat looked like laundry . 
 `` this is it ? 
 we 're safe ? '' 
 `` nowhere is safe , '' jeanne said sharply . 
 `` but wecan get some slave clothes for you here , and we can rest . 
 and i 'll go get the healing woman , '' sheaddedas maggie opened her mouth . 
 while she was gone , maggie turned to cady andp.j . 
 they were both shivering . 
 she made cady lie down and had p.j. help her go through one of the piles of laundry . 
 `` get your wet things off , '' maggie said . 
 shepulled off her own hightops and shrugged out ofher sodden jacket . 
 then she knelt to get cady ` sshoes off . 
 the blind girl was lying motionless on athin pallet , and did n't respond to maggie 's touch.maggie was worried about her . 
 behind her , the door opened and jeanne camein with two people . 
 one was a gaunt and handsome woman , with dark hair pulled untidily back and anapron over her tunic and pants . 
 the other was ayoung girl who looked frightened . 
 `` this is laundress . '' 
 the way jeanne said it , itwas clearly a proper name . 
 `` she 's a healer , and the girl 's her helper . '' 
 relief washed through maggie . 
 `` this is cady , `` she said . 
 and then , since nobody moved and cady could n't speak for herself , she went on , `` she 's fromoutside , and she was poisoned by the slave traders . 
 i 'm not sure how long ago that was-at least a couple of days . 
 she 's been running a high fever andmost of the time she 's just sort of sleepwalking - '' `` what is this ? '' 
 the gaunt woman took a step toward cady , but her expression was anything but welcoming . 
 then she turned on jeanne angrily . 
 `` how could you bring this-thing-in here ? '' 
 maggie froze where she was by cady 's feet . 
 `` what are you talkingabout ? 
 she 's sick - '' `` she 's one of them ! '' 
 the woman 's eyes wereburning darkly at jeanne . 
 `` and do n't tell me you did n't notice . 
 it 's perfectly plain ! '' 
 `` what ` sperfectly plain ? '' 
 maggie 's fists were clenched . 
 `` jeanne , what 's she talking about ? '' 
 the woman 's burning eyes turned on her . 
 `` msgirl is a witch . '' 
 maggie went still . 
 part of her was amazed and disbelieving . 
 awitch ? 
 like sylvia ? 
 a night person ? 
 cady was n't at all like that . 
 she was n't evil . 
 shewas normal , a nice , ordinary , gentle girl . 
 she could n'tbe anything supernatural ... but another part of maggie was n't even startled.it was saying that at some deep level she had known all along . 
 her mind was bringing up pictures . 
 cady in thehollow tree , when she and maggie were hidingfrom bern and gavin . 
 cady 's lips moving and gavin saying i ca n't feelthem at all . 
 the hound today had said the same thing . 
 i ca n't follow theirlifeforce anymore . 
 she was blocking them from sensing us , maggiethought . 
 and she was the one who told us to climbthe tree . 
 she 's blind , but she can see things . 
 it 's true . 
 she turned slowly to look at the girl lying onthe pallet . 
 cady was almost perfectly still , her breathingbarely lifting her chest . 
 her hair was coiled around her head like damp snakes , her face was smudgedand dirty , her lashes spiky on her cheeks . 
 butsomehow she had n't lost any of her serene beauty . 
 it remained untouched , whatever happened to herbody . 
 i do n't care , maggie thought . 
 she may be a witch , but she 's not like sylvia . 
 i know she 's not evil . 
 she turned back to laundress , and spoke carefully and deliberately . 
 `` look , i understand that you do n't like witches.but this girl has been with us for two days , and allshe 's done is help us . 
 and , i mean , look at her ! 
 `` maggie lost her reasonable tone . 
 `` they were bring ing her here as a slave ! 
 she was n't getting any special treatment . 
 she 's not on their side ! '' 
 `` too bad for her , '' laundress said . 
 her voice wasflat and ... plain . 
 the voice of a woman who saw things in black and white and did n't like arguments . 
 and who knew how to back up her beliefs . 
 onebig gaunt hand , went beneath her apron , into a hid den pocket . 
 when it came out again , it was gripping a kitchen knife . 
 `` wait a minute , '' jeanne said . 
 laundress did n't look at her . 
 `` friends of witchesare no friends of ours , '' she said in her plain , heavyway . 
 `` and that includes you . '' 
 with one motion , jeanne wheeled away from herand into a fighting stance . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i knewwhat she was . 
 i hated her , too , at first . 
 but it 's like maggie told you . 
 she 's not going to hurt us ! '' 
 `` i 'm not going to miss a chance to kill one of them , '' laundress said . 
 `` and if you try to stop me , you 'll be sorry . '' 
 maggie 's heart was pounding . 
 she looked backand forth from the tall woman , who was holdingthe knife menacingly , to jeanne , who was crouchedwith her teeth bared and her eyes narrowed . 
 they were ready to fight . 
 maggie found herself in the middle of the room , in a triangle formed by cady and jeanne and theknife . 
 she was too angry to be frightened . 
 `` you put that down , `` she said to laundressfiercely , forgetting that she was speaking to anadult . 
 `` you 're notgoingto do anything with that . 
 how can you even try ? '' 
 vaguely , she noticed movement behind the woman . 
 the frightened young girl who had n't saidanything so far was stepping forward . 
 she was staring at maggie , pointing at maggie . 
 her eyes andmouth were wide open , but her voice was an indrawn breath . 
 `` the deliverer ! '' 
 maggie hardly heard the gasped words . 
 she wasrushing on . 
 `` if you people do n't stick together , what kind of chance do you have ? 
 how can youever get free - '' t 's her ! 
 `` this time the girl shrieked it , and nobody could help but hear . 
 she clutched at laundress 's arm wildly . 
 `` you heard what she said , laundress . 
 she 's come to free us . '' 
 `` what are you talking a - ? 
 `` jeanne broke off , looking at maggie with her eyebrows drawn together . 
 suddenly the eyebrows flew up and she straightened slightly from her crouch . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 maggie stared back . 
 then she followed all their eyes and looked down at herself in bewilderment . 
 for the first time since she 'd arrived in the darkkingdom she was n't wearing her jacket and hershoes . 
 she was wearing exactly what she 'd beenwearing when her mother 's screams woke her threedays beforeher flowered pajama top , wrinkled jeans , and mismatched socks . '' 
 ` she will come clothed in flowers , shod in blueand scarlet , '' ' the girl was saying . 
 she was stillpointing at maggie , but now it was with something like reverence . '' 
 ` and she will speak of freedom . 
 ` you heard her , laundress ! 
 it 's her . 
 she 's the one ! '' 
 the knife trembled slightly . 
 maggie stared at thered knuckles of the hand holding it , then looked up at laundress 's face . 
 the blotchy features were grim and skepticalbut there was an odd gleam of half-stifled hope inthe eyes . 
 `` is she the one ? '' 
 she said harshly tojeanne . 
 `` is this idiot soaker right ? 
 did she say she ` scome to deliver us ? '' 
 jeanne opened her mouth , then shut it again.she looked helplessly at maggie . 
 and , unexpectedly , p.j. spoke up . 
 `` she told usshe had to get the slaves free before hunter redfern had them all killed , '' she said in her light , strong child 's voice . 
 she was standing straight , her slender body drawn to its fullest height . 
 her blondhair shone pale above her small earnest face . 
 her words had the unmistakable ring of truth . 
 something flashed in jeanne 's eyes . 
 her lipquirked , then she bit it . 
 `` she sure did . 
 and i toldher she was crazy . '' 
 `` and in the beginning , when jeanne showed herwhat they do to escaped slaves here , maggie said it had to stop . '' 
 p.j. 's voice was still clear and confident . 
 `` she said she could n't let them do thingslike that to people . '' 
 `` she said we could n't let them do things likethat , '' jeanne corrected . 
 `` and she was crazy again.there 's no way to stop them . '' 
 laundress stared at her for a moment , then turned her burning gaze on maggie . 
 her eyes wereso fierce that maggie was afraid she was going to attack . 
 then , all at once , she thrust the knife backin her pocket . 
 ` blasphemer ! '' 
 she said harshly to jeanne . 
 `` do n'ttalk about the deliverer that way ! 
 do you want totake away our only hope ? '' 
 jeanne raised an eyebrow . 
 `` youwere the one about to take it away , '' she pointed out . 
 laundress glared at her . 
 then she turned to maggie and a change came over her gaunt features . 
 itwas n't much ; they still remainedassevere and grim as ever , but there was something like a bleak smile twisting her mouth . 
 `` if you are the deliverer , '' she said , `` you 've gotyour work cut out for you . '' 
 `` just everybody hang on one second , '' maggiesaid . 
 her head was whirling . 
 she understood whatwas going on - sort of . 
 these people believed shewas some legendary figure come to save them . 
 because of a prophecy-they seemed to have a lot ofprophecies around here . 
 but she could n't really be their deliverer . 
 she knew that . 
 she was just an ordinary girl . 
 andhad n't anybody else ever worn a flowered top inthis place ? 
 well maybe not . 
 not a slave anyway . 
 maggie looked at laundress 's clothes again with new eyes.if they all wore this sort of thing , hand sewn and plain as a burlap sack , maybe a machine-made topwith bright colors and a little wilted lace would look like something from a legend . 
 and i bet nobody wears red and blue socks , shethought and almost smiled . 
 especially at once . 
 she remembered how sylvia had looked at them . 
 normally she would have been terribly embarrassed by that , perfect sylvia looking at her imperfections . 
 but the socks had been what started heron this whole journey by convincing her that sylviawas lying . 
 and just now they 'd saved her life . 
 iflaundress had attacked jeanne or cady , maggie would have had to fight her . 
 but i 'm still not the deliverer , she thought . 
 i haveto explain that to them ... `` and since she 's the deliverer , you 're going tohelp us , right ? '' 
 jeanne was saying . 
 `` you 're going to heal cady and feed us and hide us and everything ? 
 and help maggie find out what happened toher brother ? '' 
 maggie blinked , then grimaced . 
 she could see jeanne looking at her meaningfully . 
 she shut hermouth . 
 `` i 'll help you any way i can , '' laundress said . 
 `` but you 'd better do your part . 
 do you have a plan , deliverer ? '' 
 maggie rubbed her forehead . 
 things were happening very fast-but even if she was n't the deliverer , she hadcome to help the slaves get free . 
 maybe it did n't matter what they called her . 
 she looked at cady again , then at jeanne , and at p.j. , who was staring at her with shining confidence in her young eyes . 
 then she looked at thegirl named soaker , who was wearing the sameexpression . 
 finally she looked into the gaunt , hard-bittenface of laundress . 
 there was no easy confidencehere , but there was that half-stifled look of hopedeep in the burning gaze . 
 maggie woke up slowly and almost luxuriously . 
 she was n't freezing . 
 she was n't aching or weakwith hunger . 
 and she had an unreasonable feeling of safety . 
 then she sat up and the safe feeling disappeared . 
 she was in laundress 's hut of earth bricks.jeanne and p.j. were there , but cady had been taken to another hut to be treated . 
 laundress hadstayed all night with her , and maggie had no ideaif she was getting better or not . 
 the frightened girl called soaker brought them breakfast , but couldonly say that cady was still asleep . 
 breakfast was the same as dinner last night hadbeen : a sort of thick oatmeal sweetened with huckle berries . 
 maggie ate it gratefully . 
 it was good-atleast to somebodyas hungry as she was . 
 `` we 're lucky to have it , '' jeanne said , stretching.she and p.j. were sitting opposite maggie on thebare earth of the floor , eating with their fingers . 
 they all were wearing the coarse , scratchy tunicsand loose leggings of slaves , and maggie kept goinginto spasms of twitching when the material made her itch somewhere she could n't reach . 
 maggie ` sclothes , including her precious socks , were hiddenat the back of the hut . 
 `` they do n't grow much grain or vegetable stuff , '' jeanne was saying . 
 `` and of course slaves do n't getto eat any meat . 
 only the vampires and the shapeshifters get to eat blood or flesh . '' 
 p.j. shivered , hunching up her thin shoulders . 
 `` when you say it like that , it makes me not wantto eat it . '' 
 jeanne gave a sharp-toothed grin . 
 `` they 're afraidit would make the slaves too strong . 
 everythinghere 's designed for that . 
 maybe you noticed , there ` snot much in the slave quarters made of wood . '' 
 maggie blinked . 
 she hadnoticed that vaguely , atthe back of her mind . 
 the huts were made of bricks , with hard-packeddirtfloors . 
 and there wereno wooden tools like rakes or brooms lying around . 
 `` but what do they burn ? '' 
 she asked , looking atthe small stone hearth built right on the floor ofthe hut . 
 there was a hole in the roof above to letsmoke out . 
 `` charcoaled wood , cut in little pieces . 
 they makeit out in the forest in charcoal pits , and it 's strictly regulated . 
 everybody only gets so much . 
 if they find a slave with extra wood , they execute 'em . '' 
 `` because wood kills vampires , '' maggie said . 
 jeanne nodded . 
 `` and silverkills shapeshifters.slaves are forbidden to have silver , too-not thatany of them are likely to get hold of any . '' 
 p.j. was looking out the small window of the hut.there was no glass in it , and last night it had been stuffed with sacking against the cold air . 
 `` if slaves ca n't eat meat , what are those ? '' 
 she asked . 
 maggie leaned to look . 
 outside two big calves were tethered to iron pickets . 
 there were also a dozen trussed-up chickens and a pig in a pen madeof rope . 
 `` those are for night people , '' jeanne said . 
 `` the shapeshifters and witches eat regular food - and sodo the vampires , when they want to . 
 it looks likethey 're going to have a feast they don t bring theanimals here until they 're ready to slaughter . '' 
 p.j. 's face was troubled . 
 `` i feel sorry for them , '' she said softly . 
 `` yeah , well , there are worse things than beinghit over the head , '' jeanne said . 
 `` see those cagesjust beyond the pig ? 
 that 's where the exotics are ? 
 tigers and things they bring in to hunt . 
 that 's a bad way to die . '' 
 maggie felt ice down her spine . 
 `` let 's hope wenever have to find out - 2 ' she was beginning , whena flash of movement outside caught her eye . 
 `` get down ! '' 
 she said sharply , and ducked out of ? 
 line of sight of the window . 
 then , very carefully , with her body tense , she edged up to the opensquare again and peered out . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 jeanne hissed . 
 p.j. just cowered on thefloor , breathing quickly . 
 maggie whispered , `` sylvia . '' 
 twofigures had appeared , walking through the back courtyard and talkingasthey went . 
 sylvia and gavin . 
 sylvia 's gown today was misty leaf green , and her hair rippled in shimmering waves over her shoulders . 
 she looked beautiful and graceful andfragile . 
 `` are they coming here ? '' 
 jeanne breathed . 
 maggie shook a hand-held low to the groundtoward her to be quiet . 
 she was afraid of the samething . 
 if the night people began a systematic search of the huts , they were lost . 
 but instead , sylvia turned toward the cages thatheld the exotics . 
 she seemed to be looking at the animals , occasionally turning to make a remarkto gavin . 
 `` now , what 's she up to ? '' 
 a voice murmured by maggie 's ear . 
 jeanne had crept up beside her . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 nothing good , '' maggie whispered . 
 `` they must be planning a hunt , '' jeanne saidgrimly . 
 `` that 's bad . 
 i heard they were going to doa big one when delos came to an agreement withhunter redfern . '' 
 maggie drew in her breath . 
 had things gone thatfar already ? 
 it meant she did n't have much timeleft . 
 outside , she could see sylvia shaking her head , then moving on to the pens and tethers holding the domestic animals . 
 `` get back , '' maggie whispered , ducking down.but sylvia never looked at the hut . 
 she made some remark while looking at the calves and smiling.then she and gavin turned and strolled backthrough the kitchen garden . 
 maggie watched until they were out of sight , chewing her lip . 
 then she looked at jeanne . 
 `` i think we 'd better go see laundress . '' 
 the hut jeanne led her to was a little bigger thanthe others and had what maggie knew by now was an amazing luxury : two rooms . 
 cady was in thetiny room-hardly bigger than an alcove-in back . 
 and she was looking better . 
 maggie saw it immediately . 
 the clammy , feverish look was gone and so were the blue-black shadows under her eyes . 
 herbreathing was deep and regular and her lashes lay heavy and still on her smooth cheeks . 
 `` is she going to be all right ? '' 
 maggie asked laundress eagerly . 
 the gaunt woman was sponging cady 's cheekswith a cloth . 
 maggie was surprised at how tenderthe big red-knuckled hands could be . 
 `` she 'll liveaslongasany of us , '' laundress said grimly , and jeanne gave a wry snort . 
 even maggie felt her lip twitch . 
 she was beginning to like this woman . 
 in fact , if jeanne and laundress were examples , the slaves here had a courage and a blackhumor that she could n't help but admire . 
 `` i had a daughter , '' laundress said . 
 `` she wasabout this one 's age , but she had that one 's coloring . '' 
 she nodded slightly atp.j . 
 , who clutched atthe baseball cap stashed inside her tunic and smiled . 
 maggie hesitated , then asked . 
 `` what happenedto her ? '' 
 `` one of the nobles saw her and liked her , '' laundress said . 
 she wrung out the cloth and put itdown , then stood briskly . 
 when she saw maggiestill looking at her , she added , asif she were talkingabout the weather , `` he was a shapeshifter , a wolfnamed autolykos . 
 he bit her and passed his curse on to her , but then he got tired of her . 
 one nighthe made her run and hunted her down . '' 
 maggie 's knees felt weak . 
 she could n't think ofanything to say that would n't be colossally stupid , so she did n't say anything . 
 p.j. did . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said in a husky little voice , and she put her small hand in laundress ` srough one . 
 laundress touched the top of the shaggy blondheadasif she were touching an angel . 
 `` urn , can i talk to her ? 
 cady ? '' 
 maggie asked , blinking fast and clearing her throat . 
 laundress looked at her sharply . 
 `` no . 
 you wo n'tbe able to wake her up . 
 i had to give her strong medicine to fight off what they 'd given her . 
 youknow how the potion works . '' 
 maggie shook her head . 
 `` what potion ? '' 
 `` they gave her calamus and bloodwort-andother things . 
 it was a truth potion . '' 
 `` you mean they wanted to get information outof her ? '' 
 laundress only dignified that with a bare nod foran answer . 
 `` but i wonder why ? '' 
 maggie looked at jeanne , who shrugged . 
 `` she 's a witch from outside . 
 maybe they thoughtshe knew something . '' 
 maggie considered another minute , then gave itup . 
 she would just have to ask cady when cadywas awake . 
 `` there was another reason i wanted to see you , `` she said to laundress , who was now briskly cleaning up the room . 
 `` actually , a couple of reasons . 
 iwanted to ask you about this . '' 
 she reached inside her slave tunic and pulled outthe photo of miles that she 'd taken from her jacketlast night . 
 `` have you seen him ? '' 
 laundress took the picture between a callusedthumb and forefinger and looked at it warily . 
 `` wonderfully small painting , '' she said . 
 `` it 's called a photograph . 
 it 's not exactlypainted . '' 
 maggie was watching the woman 's face , afraid to hope . 
 there was no sign of recognition . 
 `` he 's related toyou , '' laundress said , holding the photo to maggie . 
 `` he 's my brother . 
 from outside , you know ? 
 andhis girlfriend was sylvia weald . 
 he disappeared last week . '' 
 `` witch sylvia ! '' 
 a cracked , shaky voice said . 
 maggie looked up fast . 
 there was an old womanin the doorway , a tiny , wizened creature with thin white hair and a face exactly like one of the driedapple dolls maggie had seen at fairs . 
 `` this is old mender , '' jeanne said . 
 `` she sews uptorn clothes , you know ? 
 and she 's the other healing woman . '' 
 `` so this is the deliverer , '' the cracked voice said , and the woman shuffled closer , peering at maggie . 
 `` she looks like an ordinary girl , until youseethe eyes . '' 
 maggie blinked.-oh-thanks , - she said . 
 secretlyshe thought that old mender herself looked morelike a witch than anyone she 'd ever seen in her life . 
 but there was bright intelligence in the old wom - . 
 an 's birdlike gaze and her little smile was sweet . 
 `` witch sylvia came to the castle a week ago , '' shetold maggie , her head on one side . 
 `` she did n't have any boy with her , but she was talking about a boy.my grand-nephew currier heard her . 
 she was telling prince delos how she 'd chosen a human for aplaything , and she 'd tried to bring him to the castlefor samhain . 
 but the boy did something-turnedon her somehow . 
 and so she had to punish him , and that had delayed her . '' 
 maggie 's heart was beating in her ears . 
 `` punishhim , '' she began , and then she said , `` what ` ssamhain ? '' 
 `` halloween , '' jeanne said . 
 `` the witches here normally have a big celebration at midnight . '' 
 halloween . 
 all right . 
 maggie 's mind was whirringdesperately , ticking over this new information . 
 sonow she knew for certain that sylvia hadgone ink ing on halloween with miles , just as she 'd told thesheriffs and rangers . 
 or maybe they 'd been driving , if jeanne 's story about a mysterious pass that onlynight people could see was true . 
 but anyway they ` dbeen coming here , to the dark kingdom . 
 andsomething had delayed them . 
 miles had done something that made sylvia terribly angry and changed her mind about taking him to the castle . 
 and made her ... punish him . 
 in some way thatmaggie was n't supposed to be able to guess . 
 maybe she just killed him after all , maggiethought , with an awful sinking in her stomach . 
 shecould have shoved him off a cliff easily . 
 whatevershe did , he never made it here-right ? 
 `` so there is n't any human boy in the dungeon oranything ? '' 
 she asked , looking at laundress andthen mender . 
 but she knew the answer before theyshook their heads . 
 nobody recognizes him . 
 he ca n't be here . 
 maggie felt her shoulders slump . 
 but althoughshe was discouraged and heartsick , she was n't defeated . 
 what she felt instead was a hard little burning like a coal in her chest . 
 she wanted more than ever to grab sylvia and shake the truth out of her . 
 at the very least , if nothing else , i 'm going to findout how he died . 
 because that 's important . 
 funny how it did n't seem impossible anymorethat miles was dead . 
 maggie had learned a lot since coming to this valley . 
 people got hurt and died andhad other awful things happen to them , and thatwas that . 
 the ones left alive had to find some wayof going on . 
 but not of forgetting . 
 `` you said you had two reasons for coming to seeme , '' laundress prompted . 
 she was standing with her big hands on her hips , her gaunt body erectand looking just slightly impatient . 
 `` have you comeup with a plan , deliverer ? '' 
 `` well-sort of . 
 not exactly a planso much as well , i guess it 's a plan . '' 
 maggie floundered , tryingto explain herself . 
 the truth was that she 'd come up with the most basic plan of all . 
 to go see delos . 
 that was it . 
 the simplest , most direct solution.she was going to get him alone and talk to him.use the weird connection between them if she hadto . 
 pound some sort of understanding into histhick head . 
 and put her life on the line to back up her words . 
 jeanne thought the slaves were going to be killedwhen hunter redfern and delos made their deal . 
 maggie was a slave now . 
 if the other slaves werekilled , maggie would be with them . 
 and you 're betting that he 'll care , a nasty littlevoice in her brain whispered . 
 but you do n't reallyknow that . 
 he keeps threatening to kill you himself . 
 he specifically warned you not to come to thecastle . 
 well , anyway , we 're going to find out , maggie told the little voice . 
 and if i ca n't convince him , i ` llhave to do something more violent . 
 `` i need to get into the castle , '' she said to laundress . 
 `` not just into the kitchen , you know , but theother rooms-wherever i might be able to findprince delos alone . '' 
 `` alone ? 
 you wo n't find him alone anywhere buthis bedchamber . '' 
 `` well , then , i have to go there . '' 
 laundress was watching her narrowly . 
 `` is it assassination you 've got in mind ? 
 because i knowsomeone who has a piece of wood . '' 
 `` it ... . '' 
 maggie stopped and took a breath . 
 `` i really hope it is n't going to come to that . 
 butmaybe i 'd better take the wood , just in case . '' 
 and you 'd better hope for a miracle , the nastyvoice in her mind said . 
 because how else are yougoing to overpower him ? 
 jeanne was rubbing her forehead . 
 when shespoke , maggie knew she 'd been thinking along thesame lines . 
 `` look , dummy , are you sure this is agood idea ? 
 i mean , he 's - '' `` a night person , '' maggie supplied . 
 `` and you 're = ' `` just an ordinary human . '' 
 `` she 's the deliverer , '' p.j. said stoutly , and maggie paused to smile at her . 
 then she turned back to jeanne . 
 `` i do n't knowif it 's a good idea , but it 's my only idea . 
 and i knowit 's dangerous , but i have to do it . '' 
 she looked awkwardly at laundress and old mender . 
 `` the truthis that it 's not just about you people here . 
 if whatjeanne told you about hunter redfern is right , then the whole human world is in trouble . '' 
 `` oh , the prophecies , '' old mender said , and cackled . 
 `` you know them , too ? '' 
 `` we slaves hear everything . '' 
 old mender smiled and nodded . 
 `` especially when it concerns our own prince . 
 i remember when he was little-i was thequeen 's seamstress then , before she died . 
 hismother knew the prophecies , and she said , ` in blue fire , the final darkness is banished.in blood , the final price is paid . '' 
 blood , maggie thought . 
 she knew that blood hadto run before delos could use the blue fire , butthis sounded as if it were talking about something darker . 
 whose blood ? 
 she wondered . 
 `` and the final darkness is the end of the world , right ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` so you can see how important itis for me to change delos 's mind . 
 not just for theslaves , but for all humans . '' 
 she looked at jeanne asshe spoke . 
 laundress and old mender did n't knowanything about the world outside , but jeanne did . 
 jeanne gave a sort of grudging nod , to say that , yeah , putting off the end of the world was important . 
 `` okay , so we have to try it . 
 we 'd better findout which slaves are allowed in his room , and thenwe can go up and hide . 
 the big chambers havewardrobes , right ? '' 
 she was looking at old mender , who nodded . 
 `` we can stay in one of those - '' `` that 's a good idea , '' maggie interrupted . 
 `` everything but the we . 
 you ca n't go with me this time.this is something i have to do alone . '' 
 jeanne gave an indignant wriggle of her shoulders . 
 her red hair seemed to stand up in protest and her eyes were sparking . 
 `` that 's ridiculous . 
 ican help . 
 there 's noreason '' `` there is , too , a reason , '' maggie said . 
 `` it 's too dangerous . 
 whoever goes there might get killedtoday . 
 if you stay here , you may at least have afew more days . '' 
 when jeanne opened her mouthto protest , she went on , `` days to try and figure outa new plan , okay ? 
 which will probably be just as dangerous . 
 and , besides , i 'd like somebody towatch over p.j. and cady for as longaspossible . '' 
 she gave p.j. a smile , and p.j. lifted her head resolutely , obviously trying to stop her chin fromquivering . 
 , . 
 , ido need to do it alone , '' maggie said gently , turning back to jeanne . 
 somewhere in herown mind , she was standing back , astonished . 
 whowould have ever thought , when she first met jeannein the cart , that she would end up having to talkher out of trying to get killed with maggie ? 
 jeanne blew air out pursed lips , her eyes narrowed . 
 finally she nodded . 
 `` fine , fine . 
 you go conquer the vampire and illstay and arrange the revolution . '' 
 `` i bet you will , '' maggie said dryly . 
 for a momenttheir eyes met , and it was like that first time , whenan unspoken bond had formed between them . 
 `` try to take care of yourself . 
 you 're not exactlythe smartest , you know , '' jeanne said . 
 her voice was a little rough and her eyes were oddly shiny . 
 `` i know , '' maggie said . 
 the next moment jeanne sniffed and cheered up . 
 `` i just thought of who 's allowed up into the bedrooms in the morning , '' she said . 
 `` you can helpher , and shell lead you to delos 's room . '' 
 maggie looked at her suspiciously . 
 `` why are youso happy about it ? 
 who is it ? '' 
 maggie shuffled behind chamber-pot emptier , heading back toward the castle . 
 she was carryingpiles of folded linen sheets given to her by laun dress , and she was doing her best to look like a slave . 
 laundress had smudged her face artisticallywith dirt to disguise her . 
 she had also sifted ahandful of dust into maggie 's hair to dull the auburn into a lifeless brown , and when maggie bowedher head over the sheets , the hair further obscuredher features . 
 the only problem was that she wasconstantly afraid she was going to sneeze . 
 `` those are the wild animals , '' chamber-pot emptier whispered over her shoulder . 
 she was a bigboned girl with gentle eyes that reminded maggieof the calves tethered by laundress 's hut . 
 it had taken laundress a while to make her understandwhat they wanted of her , but now she seemed tofeel obligated to give maggie a tour . 
 `` they 're brought in from outside , '' she said . 
 `` and they 're dangerous . 
 maggie looked sideways at the wicker cageswhere sylvia and gavin had walked earlier . 
 fromone a brown-gray wolf stared back at her with afrighteningly sad and steady gaze . 
 in another a sleek black panther was pacing , and it snarled asthey went by . 
 there was something curled up inthe back of a third that might have been a tigerit was big , and it had stripes . 
 `` wow , '' she said . 
 `` i would n't want to chase that . '' 
 chamber-pot emptier seemed pleased . 
 `` andhere 's the castle . 
 it 's called black dawn . '' 
 `` it is ? '' 
 maggie said , distracted away from theanimals . 
 `` that 's what my grandpa called it , anyway . 
 helived and died in the courtyard without ever goingin . '' 
 chamber-pot emptier thought a moment andadded , `` the old people say that you used to be ableto see the sun in the sky-not just behind theclouds , you know . 
 and when the sun came up inthe morning it shone on the castle . 
 but maybethat 's just a story . '' 
 yeah , maybe it was just a story that you couldsee the sun in the sky , maggie thought grimly.every time she thought this place could n't surpriseher anymore , she discovered she was wrong . 
 but the castle itself was impressive ... awe inspiring . 
 it was the only thing in view that was n't dusty brown or pallid gray . 
 its walls were shinyand black , almost mirror-like in places , and maggie did n't have to be told that it was n't built of anyordinary human stone . 
 how they had gotten it tothis valley was a mystery . 
 delos lives here , she thoughtasemptier led herup a stone staircase , past the ground floor which was just cellars and storage rooms . 
 in this beautiful , frightening , impressive place . 
 not only lives init , but commands it . 
 it 's all his . 
 she got just a glimpse of the great hall , whereshe 'd seen slaves setting a long table yesterday . 
 chamber-pot emptier led her up another floor andinto a series of winding corridors that seemed to go on for miles . 
 it was dim in this internal labyrinth . 
 the windows were high and narrow and hardly let any ofthe pale daylight in . 
 on the walls there were candles in brackets and flares in iron rings , but theyonly seemed to add wavering , confusing shadowsto the twilight . 
 `` his bedroom 's up here , '' emptier murmured finally . 
 maggie followed her closely . 
 she was justthinking that they had made it all the way withouteven being challenged , when a voice sounded from a side corridor . 
 `` where are you going ? 
 who 's this ? '' 
 it was a guard , maggie saw , peering from underher hair . 
 a real medieval guard , with , of all things , a lance . 
 there was another one in the opposite cor ridor just like him . 
 she was fascinated in the middle of her terror . 
 but chamber-pot emptier of the not-so-quickwits reacted beautifully . 
 she took time to curtsey , then she said slowly and stolidly , `` it 's folder fromthe laundry , sir . 
 laundress sent her with the sheetsand i was told she could help me . 
 there 's morework because of the guests , you know . '' 
 `` it 's chamber maid 's work to spread sheets , '' theguard said irritably . 
 chamber-pot emptier curtsied again and said just as slowly , `` yes , sir , but there 's more work because of the guests , you see - '' `` fine , fine , '' the guard broke in impatiently . 
 `` whydo n't you go and do it , instead of talking about it ? 
 `` he seemed to think that was funny , and he turned and elbowed the other guard in the ribs . 
 chamber-pot emptier curtseyed a third time and walked on , not hurrying . 
 maggie tried to copy the curtsey , with her face buried in the sheets . 
 there was another endless corridor , then a doorway , and then emptier said , `` we 're here . 
 andthere 's nobody.around . '' 
 maggie lifted her face from the sheets . 
 `` you 're absolutely wonderful , you know that ? 
 you deservean academy award . '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 `` never mind . 
 but you were great . '' 
 `` i only told the truth , '' the girl said placidly , butthere was a smile lurking in the depths of her gentle cowlike eyes . 
 `` there is more work when guestscome . 
 we never had them before three years ago . '' 
 maggie nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 look , i guess you 'd better go now . 
 and um-emptier ? '' 
 she could n't bring herself to say the entire name . 
 `` i really hope you do n't get in trouble because of this . '' 
 chamber-pot emptier nodded back , then went toreach under the bed and retrieve a ceramic container . 
 she walked out again holding it carefully . 
 maggie looked around the room , which was verybig and very bare . 
 it was somewhat better lit thanthe corridors , having several bowl-shaped oil lampson stands . 
 the bed was the only real piece of furniture in it . 
 it was huge , with a heavy wooden frameand carved bedposts . 
 piled on top of it were quiltsand what looked like fur coverlets , and hanging allaround it were linen curtains . 
 i 'm probably supposed to take all that stuff off and put the clean sheets on , maggie thought . 
 shedid n't . 
 the rest of the furniture seemed to be largechests made of exotic-looking wood , and a fewbenches and stools . 
 nothing that offered a hidingplace . 
 but on one side there was a curtaineddoorway . 
 maggie went through it and found a small anteroom-the wardrobe jeanne had mentioned . 
 it wasmuch bigger than she 'd expected , and seemed tobe more of a storeroom than a closet . 
 okay . 
 so i 'll just sit down . 
 there were two stools beside a figure thatvaguely resembled a dressmaker 's dummy . 
 maggie dropped her sheets on a chest and pulled one ofthe stools close to the doorway . 
 through the spacebetween the linen curtains she could see almost theentire bedchamber . 
 perfect , she thought . 
 all i have to do is wait untilhe comes in alone . 
 and then she stiffened . 
 she could hear voices from somewhere beyond the vast bedroom . 
 no , she couldhear a voice , a musical girlish voice . 
 oh , please , she thought . 
 not her.don ' t let him come in with her . 
 i 'll have to jump out and hit herwith something ; i wo n't be able to stop myself ... . 
 but when two figures came in the room , she hadno desire to jump out . 
 it was sylvia , all right , but she was n't with delos.she was with hunter redfern . 
 maggie felt ice down her spine . 
 now , what werethese two doing in delos 's bedroom ? 
 whatever itwas , if they caught her , she was dead meat . 
 sheheld herself absolutely still , but she could n't tear herself away from the curtain . 
 `` he 's out riding , and he wo n't be back for another half hour , '' sylvia was saying . 
 she was wearing a dark holly-green gown and carrying a basket . 
 `` and i 've sent all the servants away . '' 
 `` even so , '' hunter redfern said . 
 he gently movedthe heavy wooden door until it was almost shut.not all the way , but enough to screen the bedchamber from anyone outside . 
 `` you really think he 's spying on our rooms ? '' 
 sylvia turned in a swirl of skirts to look at the tallman . 
 `` he 's brightmuch smarter than you give himcredit for . 
 and these old castles have spy-holes and listening tubes built in ; i remember . 
 it 's a stupidprince who does n't make use of them . '' 
 he remembers , maggie thought , for a moment too full of wonder to be scared . 
 he remembers thedays when castles were built , he means . 
 he 's reallybeen alive that long . 
 she studied the handsome face under the bloodred hair , the aristocratic cheekbones , the mobile mouth-and the quick flashing eyes . 
 this was thesort of man who could fascinate people , she decided . 
 like delos , there was a sort of leashed tension about him , a reserve of power and intelligence that made an ordinary person feel awed . 
 he was a leader , a commander . 
 and a hunter , maggie thought . 
 all these peopleare hunters , but he 's the hunter , the epitome ofwhat they are . 
 his name says it all . 
 but sylvia was talking again . 
 `` what is it that he ` snot supposed to know ? '' 
 `` i 've had a message from outside . 
 do n't ask how , i have my ways . '' 
 `` you have your little bats , '' sylvia said demurely . 
 `` i 've seen them . '' 
 there was a pause , then hunter said , `` you 'd better watch yourself , girl . 
 that mouth 's going to getyou in trouble . '' 
 sylvia had her face turned away from him , butmaggie saw her swallow . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't knowit was a secret . 
 but what 's happened ? '' 
 `` the biggest news in your short life . '' 
 hunter redfern laughed once and added with apparentgood humor restored , `` and maybe in mine . 
 thewitches have seceded from the night world . '' 
 maggie blinked . 
 it sounded impressive the wayhe said itbut more impressive was the way sylviafroze and then whirled breathlessly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` it 's happened . 
 they 've been threatening for amonth , but most people did n't believe they 'd reallydo it . '' 
 sylvia put a hand to her middle , pressed flatagainst her stomach as if to hold something in.then she sat on the fur-covered bed . 
 `` they 've left the council , '' she said . 
 she was n'tlooking at hunter redfern . 
 `` they 've left the council and everything else . '' 
 `` all of them ? '' 
 hunter redfern 's fine red eyebrows went up . 
 `` what did you expect ? 
 oh , a few of the blackestpractitioners from circle midnight are arguing , butmost of them agree with the liberals in circle twilight . 
 they want to save the humans . 
 avert thecoming darkness . '' 
 he said it exactly the way maggie had heard lumberjacks say , `` save the spotted owls . 
 ha ! '' 
 `` so it 's really beginning , '' sylvia murmured . 
 shewas still looking at the stone floor . 
 `` i mean , there ` sno going back , now , is there ? 
 the night world issplit forever . '' 
 `` and the millennium is upon us , '' hunter said , almost cheerfully . 
 he looked young and ... personable , maggie thought . 
 somebody you 'd vote for . 
 `` which brings me to the question , '' he said smoothly , looking at sylvia , `` of when you 're goingto find her . '' 
 what her ? 
 maggie 's stomach tightened . 
 sylvia 's face was equally tight . 
 she looked up and said levelly , `` i told you i 'd find her and i will . '' 
 `` but when?you do understand how important this is ? '' 
 `` of course i understand ! '' 
 sylvia flared up . 
 herchest was heaving . 
 `` that 's why i was trying to sendher to you in the first place - '' hunter was talkingasif he did n't hear her . 
 `` if it gets out that aradia , the maiden of all the witches , is here in the valley - ' iliknow ! '' 
 `` and that you hadher and let her slip throughyour fingers - '' `` i was trying to bring her to you.i thought thatwas important , '' sylvia said . 
 she was bristling and distraught . 
 which was exactly what hunter wantedher to be , maggie thought dazedly . 
 he really knows how to play people . 
 but the analysis was faraway , in the shallowestpart of her mind . 
 most of her consciousness wassimply stricken into paralyzed amazement . 
 aradia . 
 the maiden of all the witches . 
 so it was n't arcadia at all , maggie thought . 
 she might have mentioned that , after i 've been calling her cady for days . 
 but then she has n't been conscious much , and when she was we had more urgent things to talk about . 
 aradia . 
 aradia . 
 that 's really pretty . 
 the name had started an odd resonance in hermind , maybe bringing up some long-forgotten mythology lesson . 
 aradia was a goddess , she thought.of ... um , sylvan glades or something . 
 the woods.like diana . 
 and what maiden of all the witches was , she hadno idea , but it was obviously something important.and not evil , either . 
 from what hunter was saying , it was clear that witches were n't like other nightpeople . 
 she was the maiden bern and gavin were talkingabout , maggie realized . 
 the one they were supposed to deliver . 
 so sylvia was bringing her tohunter redfern . 
 but cady herself told me-i mean , aradiatold me-that she was already coming tothis valley for a reason . 
 before she could even properly phrase the question , her mind had the answer . 
 delos . 
 in a coincidence that lifted the hair on maggie ` sarms , sylvia said , `` she wo n't get to delos . '' 
 `` she 'd better not , '' hunter said . 
 `` maybe you do n't realize how persuasive she can be . 
 an ambassador from all the witches , coming to plead her case ... she just might sway him . 
 he has a despicable softspot-a conscience , you might call it . 
 and we know he 's been in contact with the human girl who escaped with her . 
 who knows what messages the little vermin was carrying from her ? '' 
 no messages , maggie thought grimly . 
 not withthis vermin anyway . 
 but i would have carried themif i 'd known . 
 `` gavin said aradia was still unconscious fromthe truth potion-that she was practically dead , `` sylvia said . 
 `` i don t think she could have given any messages . 
 i 'd swear that delos does n't know she ` sin the valley at all . '' 
 hunter was still brooding . 
 `` the witches have onewild power on their side already . '' 
 `` but they wo n't get another , '' sylvia said doggedly . 
 `` i 've got people looking for her . 
 all the nobles are on our side . 
 they wo n't let her get todelos . '' 
 `` she should have been killed in the beginning , `` hunter mused . 
 `` but maybe youhave a soft spotfor herlike you do for that human boy . '' 
 behind the linen curtains , maggie stiffened . 
 like you do.not like you did.and who else couldthe human boy be ? 
 she gritted her teeth , listening so hard she couldhear the blood in her ears , willing them to talkabout miles . 
 but hunter was going on in his smooth voice , `` or maybe you still have some loyalty to thewitches . '' 
 sylvia 's pale face flushed . 
 `` i do not ! 
 i 'm finishedwith them , and you know it ! 
 i may be a spellcaster , but i 'm not a witch anymore . '' 
 `` it 's good to see you have n't forgotten whatthey 've done to you , '' hunter said . 
 `` after all , youcould have been a hearth-woman , taken yourrightful place on the witch council . '' 
 `` yes ... '' `` like your grandmother and her mother beforeher . 
 theywere harmans , and so was your father.what a pity the name is n't passed through the maleline . 
 you ended up being just a weald . '' 
 `` i wasa harman , '' sylvia said with muted ferocity . 
 she was staring at the floor again , and sheseemed to be speaking to herself rather than tohunter . 
 `` i was . 
 but i had to stand there and watch my cousins be accepted instead of me . 
 i had towatch half humansbe accepted-be welcomed.they took my place-just because they were descended through the female line . '' 
 hunter shook his head . 
 `` a very sad tradition . '' 
 sylvia 's breath came raggedly for another minuteor so , then she looked up slowly at the tall man in the center of the room , `` you do n't have to worryabout my loyalty , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i want a placein the new order after the millennium . 
 i 'm through with the witches . '' 
 hunter smiled . 
 `` i know it , '' he said , lightly and approvingly , andthen he started pacing the room . 
 he got what hewanted out of her , maggie thought . 
 almost casually , he added , `` just be sure thatdelos 's power is kept in check until everything 's decided . '' 
 sylvia bent and lifted the basket , which maggiehad forgotten about . 
 `` the new binding spells will hold , '' she said . 
 `` ibrought special ingredients from one of the oldestmidnight witches . 
 and he wo n't suspect anything . '' 
 `` and nobody but you can take them off ? '' 
 `` nobody but me , '' sylvia said firmly . 
 `` not eventhe crone of all the witches . 
 or the maiden , forthat matter . '' 
 `` good girl , '' hunter said , and smiled again . 
 `` ihave every confidence in you . 
 after all , you havelamia blood in you to balance the witch taint.you 're my own eighth-great-granddaughter . '' 
 maggie wanted to punch him . 
 she was confused and frightened and indignantand furious , all at once . 
 as faras she could tell , hunter redfern seemed to be manipulating everybody . 
 and delos , delos the prince and wild power , was just another of his puppets . 
 i wonder what they plan to do if he wo n't join their new order ? 
 she thought bleakly . 
 after a few minutes , hunter turned in his pacingand walked by the door . 
 he paused brieflyasiflistening , then glanced at sylvia . 
 `` you do n't know how happy it makes me just to think about it , '' he said , in a voice that was n't strained , or overly cheerful , or too loud , or anything that rang false . 
 `` to finally have a true heir.a male heir of my own line , and untainted by witchblood . 
 i would never have married that witchmaeve harman if i had known my son was still alive . 
 and not only alive , but out having sons ! 
 theonly true redferns left in the world , you mightsay . 
 maggie , with her teeth set in her lower lip , did n'tneed to guess who was on the other side of thedoor . 
 she watched tensely . 
 i ` msorry . 
 was i interrupting something ? '' 
 he said , maggie had to struggle not to draw in her breath sharply . 
 it was always a little bit of a shock seeing him . 
 and even in a room with hunter redfern and thepale and dazzling sylvia , he stood out . 
 like a coldwind blowing through the door , he seemed to bringcoiled energy in with him , to slap everyone awakewith the chilly smell of snow . 
 and of course he was gorgeous , too . 
 and not awed by hunter , maggie thought . 
 hefaced his greatgrandfather with those fearless yellow eyes level , and a measuring look on his fineboned face . 
 `` nothing at all , '' hunter redfern said amiably . 
 `` we were waiting for you . 
 and planningthecelebrations . '' 
 `` celebrations ? '' 
 `` to honor our agreement . 
 i 'm so pleased that we 've come to an understanding at last . 
 are n'tyou ? '' 
 `` of course , '' delos said , pulling off his gloveswithout any change in expression . 
 `` when we docome to an understanding , i 'll be very pleased . '' 
 maggie had to bite her lip on a snicker . 
 at thatmoment , looking at hunter 's facile smile and sylvia 's pinned-on simper , she had never liked delos ` sdour , cold grimness better . 
 idiot , she told herself . 
 when did you ever like itat all ? 
 the guy 's an icicle . 
 but there was something clean and sharp-edgedabout his iciness , and she could n't help admiring the way he faced hunter . 
 there was a little aching knot in her chest as she watched himstandingthere , tense and elegant , with his dark hair tousled from riding . 
 which was n't to say she was n't scared . 
 that auraof power delos carried along with him was veryreal . 
 he had sensed her before , even with aradiablockingthe signs of her lifeforce . 
 and now here he was , maybe twelve feet away , with only a pieceof linen between them . 
 there was nothing maggie could do but sit asstillas possible . 
 `` sylvia has taken the liberty of beginning thepreparations , '' hunter said . 
 `` i hope you do n't mind.i think we can work out any little details that areleft before tomorrow , do n't you ? '' 
 suddenly delos looked tired . 
 he tossed his gloveson the bed and nodded , conceding a point . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` essentially , '' hunter redfern said , `` we are agreed . 
 this time delos just nodded without speaking . 
 `` i ca n't wait to show you off to the world outside , '' hunter said , and this time maggie thought the note of pride and eagerness in his voice was sincere . 
 `` my great-grandson . 
 and to think that ayear ago i did n't know of your existence . '' 
 hecrossed to slap delos on the back . 
 it was a gestureso much like the old king 's that maggie 's eyeswidened . 
 `` i 'm going to make some preparations of myown , '' he said . 
 `` i think the last hunt before youleave should be special , do n't you ? '' 
 he was smilingashe left . 
 delos stared moodily at the fur coverlet . 
 `` well , '' sylvia said , sounding almost chirpy . 
 `` how 's the arm ? '' 
 delos glanced down at it . 
 he was still wearingthe complicated brace thing maggie had seen him in yesterday . 
 `` it 's allriot . '' 
 `` hurts ? '' 
 `` a little . '' 
 sylvia sighed and shook her head . 
 `` that 's because you used it for practice . 
 i did warn you , you know . '' 
 `` can you make it better or not ? '' 
 delos saidbrusquely . 
 sylvia was already opening the basket . 
 `` i toldyou , it 'll take time . 
 but it should improve with each treatment as longas you do n't use it . '' 
 she was fiddling with the brace , doing thingsthat maggie could n't see . 
 and maggie 's heart wasbeating hard with anger and an unreasonableprotectiveness . 
 i ca n't let her do that to delosbut how can istop her ? 
 there 's no way . 
 if she sees me , it 's allover ... . 
 `` there , '' sylvia said . 
 `` that should hold you fora while . '' 
 maggie ground her teeth . 
 but at least maybe she 'll go now , she thought . 
 itfeels like about a century i 've been sitting in herelistening to her . 
 and this stool is n't getting anymore comfortable . 
 `` now , '' sylvia said briskly , tidying . 
 `` just let meput your gloves away - '' oh , no , maggie thought , horrified . 
 on the shelf beside her was a pile of gloves . 
 `` no , `` delos said , so quickly it was almost anecho . 
 `` i need them . '' 
 `` do n't be silly . 
 you 're not going out again - '' `` i 'll take them . '' 
 delos had wonderful reflexes . 
 heput himself between sylvia and the wardrobe , andan instant later he was holding on to the gloves , almost tugging them from her hands . 
 sylvia looked up at him wonderingly for a longmoment . 
 maggie could see her face , the creamy skin delicately flushed , and her eyes , the color of r-drenched violets . 
 she could see the shimmerof her pale blondhairas sylvia shook her head slightly . 
 delos stared down at her implacably . 
 then sylvia shrugged her ft-agile shoulders andletgo of the gloves . 
 `` i 'll go see to the feast , '' she said lightly andsmiled . 
 she picked up her basket and moved gracefully to the door . 
 delos watched her go . 
 maggiesimply sat , speechless and paralyzed.when delos followed sylvia and closed the door firmly behind her , she made herself get slowly offthe stool . 
 she backed away from the curtainsslightly , but she could still see a strip of thebedroom . 
 delos walked unerringly straight to the wardrobe . 
 `` you can come out now , '' he said , his voice flatand hard . 
 maggie shut her eyes . 
 great . 
 well , i should have known . 
 but he had n't let sylvia come in and discoverher , and he had n't simply turned her over to his guards . 
 those were very good signs , she told herself stoutly . 
 in fact , maybe she was n't going to haveto persuade him of anything at all ; maybe he wasalready going to be reasonable . 
 `` or do i have to come in ? '' 
 delos said dangerously . 
 or maybe not , maggie thought . 
 she felt a sudden idiotic desire to get the dust out of her hair . 
 she shook her head a few times , brushing at it , then gave up . 
 terribly conscious of her smudged face and slaveclothing , she parted the linen hangings andwalked out . 
 `` i warned you , '' delos said . 
 he was facing her squarely , his jaw set and hismouth as grimas she had ever seen it . 
 his eyeswere hooded , a dull and eerie gold in the shadows.he looked every inch the dark and mysterious vam pire prince . 
 and here i am , maggie thought . 
 looking like ... well , like vermin , i bet . 
 like something fished outof the gutter . 
 not much of a representative forhumanity . 
 she had never cared about clothes or hairstylesor things like that , but just now she wished thatshe could at least look presentable . 
 since the fateof the world might just depend on her . 
 even so , there was something in the air betweendelos and herself . 
 a sort of quivering aliveness that quickened the blood in maggie 's veins . 
 that stirredsomething in her chest , and started her heartpounding with an odd mixture of fear and hope . 
 she faced delos just assquarelyashe was facing her . 
 `` i know some things that i think you need toknow , '' she said quietly . 
 he ignored that . 
 `` i told you what would happenif you came here . 
 i told you i would n't protectyou again . '' 
 `` i remember . 
 but you didprotect me again . 
 andi thank you-but i really think i 'd better tell youwhat 's going on . 
 sylvia is the suspicious type , andif she 's gone to hunter redfern to say that youdo n't want people looking in your closet - '' `` do n't you understand ? 
 `` he said with such sudden violence that maggie 's throat closed , chokingoff her words . 
 she stared at him . 
 `` you 're so closeto dying , but you do n't seem to care . 
 are you toostupid to grasp it , or do you just have a deathwish ? '' 
 the thumping in maggie 's chest now was definitelyfear . 
 `` i do understand , '' she began slowly , when shecould get her voice to work . 
 `` no , you do n't , `` he said . 
 ` but i 'll make you . '' 
 all at once his eyes were blazing . 
 not just theirnormal brilliant yellow , but a dazzling and unnatural gold that seemed to hold its own light . 
 even though maggie had seen it before , it wasstill a shock to watch his features change . 
 his face going paler , even more beautiful and clearly defined , chiseled in ice . 
 his pupils widening like a predator 's , holding a darkness that a human coulddrown in . 
 and that proud and willful mouth twist ing in anger . 
 it all happened in a second or so . 
 and then hewas advancing on her , with dark fire in his eyes , and his lips pulling back from his teeth . 
 maggie stared at the fangs , helplessly horrifiedall over again . 
 they were even sharper than she remembered them looking . 
 they indented hislower lip on either side , even with his mouth partly . 
 open . 
 and , yes , they were definitely scary . 
 `` this is what i am , '' delos said , speaking easily around the fangs . 
 `` a hunting animal . 
 part of a world of darkness that you could n't survive for aminute in . 
 i 've told you over and over to stay awayfrom it , but you wo n't listen . 
 you turn up in my own castle , and you just wo n't believe your danger.so now i 'm going to show you . '' 
 maggie took a step backward . 
 she was n't in agood position ; the wall was behind her and thehuge bed was on her left . 
 delos was between her and the door . 
 and she had already seen how fasthis reflexes were . 
 her legs felt unsteady ; her pulse was beating erratically . 
 her breath was coming fast . 
 he does n't really mean ithe wo n't really do it . 
 he is n't serious ... but for all her mind 's desperate chanting , panicwas beginning to riot inside her . 
 the instincts of forgotten ancestors , long buried , were surfacing.some ancient part of her remembered being chased by hunting animals , being prey . 
 she backed up until she came in contact with the tapestry-hung wall behind her . 
 and then therewas nowhere else to go . 
 `` now , '' delos said and closed the distance between them with the grace of a tiger . 
 he was right in front of her . 
 maggie could n't helplooking up at him , looking directly into that alienand beautiful face . 
 she could smell a scent like autumn leaves and fresh snow , but she could feel theheat from his body . 
 he 's nothing dead or undead , some very distantpart of her mind thought . 
 he 's ruthless , he 's beenraised to be a weapon , but he 's definitely alivemaybe the most alive thing i 've ever seen . 
 when he moved , there was nowhere she couldgo to avoid him . 
 his hands closed on her shoulderslike implacable bands of steel . 
 and then he waspulling her forward , not roughly but not gently either , pulling her until her body rested lightlyagainst his . 
 and he was looking down at her withgolden eyes that burned like twin flames . 
 looking at my throat , maggie thought . 
 she couldfeel the pulse beating there , and with her chin tiltedup to look at him and her upper body arched away from him , she knew he could see it . 
 his eyes werefixed on it with a different kind of hunger than shehad ever seen in a human face . 
 for just one instant the panic overwhelmed her , flooding up blackly to engulf everything else . 
 shecould n't think ; she was nothing but a terrified massof instinct , and all she wanted to do was to run , toget away . 
 then , slowly at first , the panic receded . 
 it simplypoured off her , draining away . 
 she feltasif she were rising from deep water into air clear ascrystal . 
 she looked straight into the golden eyes aboveher and said , `` go ahead . '' 
 she had the pleasure of seeing the golden eyeslook startled . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` go ahead , '' maggie said distinctly . 
 `` it does n'tmatter . 
 you 're stronger than me ; we both knowthat . 
 but whatever you do , you ca n't make me yourprey . 
 you do n't have that power . 
 you ca n't control me . '' 
 delos hissed in fury , a reptilian sound . 
 `` you are '' . 
 so `` you wanted me scared ; i 'm scared . 
 but , then , iwas scared before . 
 and it does n't matter . 
 there 's something more important than me at stake here.prove whatever you 've got to prove and then i 'll tell you about it . 
 `` so completely stupid , '' delos raged . 
 but maggiehad the odd feeling that his anger was more against himself than her . 
 `` you do n't think i 'll hurt you , `` he said . 
 `` you 're wrong there . '' 
 `` i willhurt you . 
 i 'll show you - '' `` you can kill me , '' maggie said clearly . 
 `` but that ` sall you can do . 
 i told you , you ca n't control me . 
 and you cant change what 's between us . '' 
 he was very , very angry now . 
 the fathomless pupils of his eyes were like black holes , and maggie suddenly remembered that he was n't just a vampire , or just a weapon , but some doomsday creature with powers meant for the end of the world.he hovered over her with his fangs showing . 
 `` i willhurt you , '' he said . 
 `` watch me hurt you . 
 `` he bent to her angrily , and she could see his intent in his eyes . 
 he meant to frighten and disillusion ... ... and he kissed her mouth like raindrops falling on cool water . 
 maggie clung to him desperately and kissed back . 
 where they touched they dissolved into each other.then she felt him tremble in her arms and they were both lost . 
 it was like the first time when their minds had joined . 
 maggie felt a pulsing thrill that enveloped her entire body . 
 she could feel the pure line ofcommunication open between them , she could feelherself lifted into that wonderful still place whereonly the two of them existed and nothing else mattered . 
 dimly , she knew that her physical self was fallingforward , that they were both falling , still clasped in each other 's arms . 
 but in the hushed place of crystalline beauty where she really was , they werefacing each other in a white light . 
 it was like being inside his mind again , but thistime he was there opposite her , gazing at her directly . 
 he did n't look like a doomsday weapon anymore , or even like a vampire . 
 his black-lashedgolden eyes were large , like a solemn child 's . 
 therewas a terrible wistfulness in his face . 
 he swallowed , and then she heard his mentalvoice . 
 it was just the barest breath of sound . 
 ido n'twant this yes , you do , she interrupted , indignant . 
 the normal barriers that existed between two people had melted ; she knew what he was feeling , and shedid n't like being lied to . 
 - to end , he finished . 
 oh . 
 maggie 's eyes filled with sudden hot tears . 
 she did what was instinctive to her . 
 she reachedout to him . 
 and then they were embracing in their minds , justastheir physical bodies embraced , andthere was that feeling of invisible wings allaround them . 
 maggie could catch fragments of his thoughts , not just the surface ones , but things so deep shewas n't sure he even knew he was thinking them . 
 so lonely ... always been lonely . 
 meant to be that way . 
 always alone ... no , you 're not , she told him , trying to communicate it to the deepest part of him . 
 iwo n't let you be alone . 
 and wewere meant to be like this ; ca n't you feel it ? 
 what she could feel was his powerful longing.but he could n't be convinced all at once . 
 she heard something like destiny ... and shesaw images of his past . 
 his father . 
 his teachers.the nobles . 
 even the slaves who had heard theprophecies . 
 they all believed he had only one purpose , and it had to do with the end of the world . 
 you canchange your destiny , she said . 
 youdo n't have to go along with it . 
 i do n't know what 's going to happen with the world , but you do n't have to be what they say . 
 you have the power to fight them ! 
 for one heartbeat the image of his father seemed to loom closer , tall and terrible , a father seen through the eyes of childhood . 
 then the featuresblurred , changing just enough to become hunterredfern with the same cruel and accusing light in his yellow eyes . 
 and then the picture was swept away by a tidalwave of anger from delos . 
 i am not a weapon . 
 i know that , maggie told him . 
 i can choose what i am from now on . 
 i can choose what path to follow . 
 yes , maggie said . 
 delos said simply , ichoose to go with you . 
 his anger was gone . 
 just briefly , she got theflicker of another image from him , as she had once before seeing herself through his eyes . 
 he did n't see her as a slave girl with dusty hairand a smudged face and coarse sacking for clothes.he saw her as the girl with autumn-colored hairand endlessly deep sorrel eyes-the kind of eyesthat never wavered , but looked straight into his soul . 
 he saw her as warm and real and vibrant , melting the black ice of his heart and setting him free . 
 and then this image was gone , too , and they weresimply holding on to each other , lapped in peace . 
 they stayed like that for a while , their spiritsflowing in and out of each other . 
 delos did n't seeminclined to move . 
 and maggie wanted it to last , too . 
 she wanted tostay here for a long time , exploring all the deepestand most secret places of the mind that was nowopen to her . 
 to touch him in ways he 'd never beentouched before , this person who , beyond all logic , was the other half of her . 
 who belonged to her.who was her soulmate . 
 but there was something nagging at her consciousness . 
 she could n't ignore it , and when shefinally allowed herself to look at it , she remembered everything . 
 and she was swept with a wave of alarm sostrong it snapped her right out of delos 's mind . 
 she could feel the shock of separation reverberate in him as she sat up , aware of her own bodyagain . 
 they were still linked enough that ithurther just as it hurt him . 
 but she was too frightenedto care . 
 `` delos , '' she said urgently . 
 `` we 've got to do something . 
 there 's going to be trouble . '' 
 he blinked at her , asif he were coming fromvery far away . 
 `` it will be all right , '' he said . 
 `` no . 
 it wo n't . 
 you do n't understand . '' 
 he sighed , very nearly his old exasperated snort . 
 `` if it 's hunter redfern you 're worried about - '' `` it 's him-and sylvia . 
 delos , i heard them talkingwhen i was in the wardrobe . 
 you do n't know what they 've got planned . '' 
 `` it does n't matter what they 've got planned . 
 i cantake care of them . '' 
 he straightened a little , looked down at his left arm . 
 he stared at her for an instant , his golden eyeswide . 
 `` do n't you believe me ? '' 
 `` i would n't put it past sylvia to try , '' he said . 
 `` buti do n't think she 's strong enough . '' 
 `` she said she got special ingredients . 
 and shesaid that nobody else could take the spell off . 
 `` when he still looked doubtful , although a bit more grim , maggie added , `` why do n't youtry it ? '' 
 he reached down with long , strong fingers to pullat the fastenings of his brace . 
 it came off easily , and maggie 's eyebrows went up . 
 she blinked . 
 he extended his arm , pointing it at the wall , anddrew a dagger from his belt . 
 maggie had forgotten about the blood part . 
 shebit the inside of her cheek and did n't say anythingashe opened a small cut on his wrist . 
 blood welled up red , then flowed in a trickle . 
 `` just a little blast , '' delos said , and looked calmlyat the wall . 
 nothing happened . 
 he frowned , his golden eyes flaring dangerously . 
 maggie could see the concentration in his face . 
 hespread his fingers . 
 still nothing happened . 
 maggie let out her breath . 
 i guess spells are invisible , she thought . 
 the brace was just for show.delos was looking at his armasif it did n't belong to him . 
 `` we 're in trouble , '' maggie said , trying not tomake it sound like i told you so . 
 `` while they thought they were alone in here , they were talkingabout all kinds of things . 
 all hunter cares about is getting you to help him destroy the humans . 
 butthere 's been some big split in the night world , and the witches have seceded from it . '' 
 delos went very still , and his eyes were distant . 
 `` that means war . 
 open war between witches and vampires . '' 
 `` probably , '' maggie said , waving a hand vaguely . 
 `` but , listen , delos , the witches sent somebody here , an ambassador , to talk to you . 
 to try to get you on their side . 
 hunter said they 've got one of the wild powers on their side already-the witches , i mean.are you getting this ? '' 
 `` of course , '' delos said . 
 but now his voice wasoddly distant , too . 
 he was looking at something maggie could n't see . 
 `` but one out of four does n'tmatter . 
 two out of four , three out of four-it 's notgood enough . '' 
 `` what are you talkingabout ? '' 
 maggie did n't waitfor him to answer . 
 `` but , look . 
 i know the girl whocame to talk to you . 
 it 's the girl i was with on therocks , the other one you saved from bern . 
 she ` saradia , and she 's maiden of all the witches . 
 and , delos , they 're looking for her right now . 
 they wantto kill her to stop her from getting to you . 
 and she 's my friend . '' 
 `` that 's too bad . '' 
 `` we 've got to stopthem , '' maggie said , exasperated . 
 `` weca n't . '' 
 that brought maggie up short . 
 she stared at him . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i 'm saying we ca n't stop them . 
 they 're toostrong . 
 maggie , listen to me , '' he said calmly and clearly , when she began an incoherent protest . 
 that 's the first time he 's said my name out loud , she thought dizzily , and then she focused on hiswords . 
 `` it 's not just the spell they 've put on me . 
 and it ` snot just that they control the castle . 
 oh , yes , theydo , '' he said with a bitter laugh , cutting her off again . 
 `` you have n't been here very long ; you do n'tunderstand . 
 the nobles here are centuries old , most of them . 
 they do n't like being ruled by a precocious child with uncanny powers . 
 as soon ashunter showed up , they transferred their loyalty to him . '' 
 ` but - '' ' `` he 's everything they admire . 
 the perfect vampire , the ultimate predator . 
 he 's ruthless andbloodthirsty and he wants to give them the wholeworldas their hunting grounds . 
 do you really thinkany of them can resist that ? 
 after years of huntingmindless , bewildered animals that have to be rationed out one at a time ? 
 with maybe the oddcreaky slave for a special treat ? 
 do you think any of them wo n't follow him willingly ? '' 
 maggie was silent . 
 there was nothing she couldsay . 
 he was right , and it was scary . 
 `` and that is n't all , '' he continued remorselessly . 
 `` do you want to hear a prophecy ? '' 
 `` not really , '' maggie said . 
 she 'd heard more thanenough of those for one lifetime . 
 he ignored her . 
 `` my old teacher used to tell methis , '' he said . '' 
 ` four to stand between the light and theshadow , four of blue fire , power in their blood . 
 born in the year of the blind maiden 's vision ; four less one and darkness triumphs . ' '' 
 `` uh huh , '' maggie said . 
 to her it sounded likejust more of the same thing . 
 the only interestingthing about it was that it mentioned the blindmaiden . 
 that had to be aradia , did n't it ? 
 she wasone famous witch . 
 `` what 's ` born in the year of the blind maiden ` svision ? '' ' 
 she asked . 
 `` it means all the wild powers are the same age , born seventeen years ago , '' delos said impatiently . 
 ` but that 's not the point . 
 the point is the last line , ` four less one and darkness triumphs . ' 
 that meansthat the darkness is going to win , maggie . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` it 's inevitable . 
 there 's no way that the humansand the witches can get all four wild powers ontheir side . 
 and if there 's even one less than four , the darkness is going to win . 
 all the vampires need to do is kill one of the wild powers , and it 's allover . 
 do n't you see ? '' 
 maggie stared at him . 
 she did see what he wassaying , and it was even scarier than what he 'd saidbefore . 
 `` but that does n't mean we can just give up , `` she said , trying to puzzle out his expression . 
 `` if we do that , it will be all over . 
 we ca n't just surrender and letthem win . '' 
 `` of course not , '' he said harshly . 
 `` we have tojoin them . '' 
 there was a long silence . 
 maggie realized that her mouth had fallen open . '' 
 ... what ? '' 
 `` we have to be on the winning side , and that ` sthe vampire side . '' 
 he looked at her with yelloweyes that seemed as remote and deathly calm as apanther 's . 
 `` i 'm sorry about your friends , but there 's no chance for them . 
 and the only chance for youis to become a vampire . '' 
 maggie 's brain suddenly surged into overdrive . 
 all at once , she saw exactly what he was saying.and furygave her energy . 
 he was lightning-fast , but she jumped up and out of the way before he could close his hands on her . 
 `` are you out of your mind ? '' 
 `` no `` you 're going to killme ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to save your life , the only way i can . 
 `` he stood up , following her with that same eerie calm . 
 i ca n't believe this . 
 i ... really ... ca n't ... believe this , maggie thought . 
 she circled around the bed , then stopped . 
 it was pointless ; he was going to get her eventually . 
 she looked into his face one more time , and saw that he was completely serious . 
 she dropped herarms and relaxed her shoulders , trying to slow herbreathing , meeting his eyes directly . 
 `` delos , this is n't just about me , and it 's not justabout my friends . 
 it 's about all the slaves here , andall the humans on the outside . 
 turning me into a vampire is n't going to help them . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said again . 
 `` but you 're all that really matters . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not , `` maggie said , and this time the hottears did n't stop at her eyes , but overflowed and rolled down her cheeks . 
 she shook them off angrily , and took one last deep breath . 
 `` i wo n't let you , '' she said . 
 `` you ca n't stop me . '' 
 `` i can fight . 
 i can make you kill me before youturn me into a vampire . 
 if you want to try it thatway , come and take your best shot . '' 
 delos 's yellow eyes bored into hers-and thensuddenly shifted and dropped . 
 he stepped back , hisface cold . 
 `` fine , '' he said . 
 `` if you wo n't cooperate , i 'll putyou in the dungeon until you see what 's best foryou . 
 maggie felt her mouth drop open again . 
 `` you would n't , '' she said . 
 `` watch me . '' 
 the dungeon , like everything else in the castle , was heart-stoppingly authentic . 
 it had something that maggie had read about in books but had n't seen in the rooms above : rushesand straw on the floor . 
 it also had a stone benchcarved directly into the stone wall and a narrow , barred window-slit about fifteen feet above mag gie 's head . 
 and that was all it had . 
 once maggie had poked into the straw enoughto discover that she did n't really wantto know whatwas down there and shaken the iron bars that made up the door and examined the stone slabs in the wall and stood on the bench to try to climb to the window , therewas nothing else to do . 
 she sat on the bench and felt the true enormity of the situation trickle in on her . 
 she was really stuck here . 
 delos was really serious . 
 and the world , the actual , real world out there , could be affected as a consequence . 
 it was n't that she did n't understand his motivation . 
 she had been in his mind ; she 'd felt thestrength of his protectiveness for her . 
 and she wanted to protect him , too . 
 but it was n't possible to forget about everyoneelse . 
 her parents , her friends , her teachers , thepaper girl . 
 if she let delos give up , what happenedto them ? 
 even the people in the dark kingdom . 
 laundressand old mender and soaker and chamber-pot emptier and all the other slaves . 
 she caredabout them . 
 she admired their gritty determination to goon living , whatever the circumstances-and theircourage in risking their lives to help her . 
 that 's what delosdoes n't understand , shethought . 
 he does n't see them as people , so he ca n'tcare about them . 
 all his life he 's only cared abouthimself , and now about me . 
 he ca n't look beyondthat . 
 if only she could think of a way to makehimsee-but she could n't . 
 as the hours passed and thesilence began to wear on her , she kept trying . 
 no inspiration came . 
 and finally the light outsideher cell began to fade and the cold started to settle in . 
 she was half asleep , huddled on her chilly bench , when she heard the rattle of a key in a door . 
 she jumped up and went to peer through the bars , hoping to see delos . 
 the door at the end of the narrow stone corridoropened and someone came in with a flare . 
 but itwas n't delos . 
 it was a guard , and behind him wasanother guard , and this one had a prisoner . 
 `` jeanne ! '' 
 maggie said in dismay . 
 and then her heart plummeted further . 
 a third guard was half marching , half supporting aradia . 
 maggie looked at them wordlessly . 
 it was n't like jeanne not to fight , she thought , asthe guards opened the cell door and shoved theother girls in . 
 the door clanged shut again , and the guardsmarched back out without speaking . 
 almost as an afterthought , one of them stuck a flare in an ironring to give the prisoners some light . 
 and then they were gone . 
 jeanne picked herself up off the floor , and thenhelped aradia get up . 
 `` they 've got p.j. upstairs , `` she said to maggie , who was still staring . 
 `` theysaid they would n't hurt her if we went quietly . '' 
 maggie opened her mouth , shut it again , andtried to swallow her heart , which was in her throat.at last she managed to speak . 
 `` delos said that ? '' 
 `` delos and hunter redfern and that witch.they 're all very chummy . '' 
 maggie sat down on the cold bench . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said . 
 `` why ? 
 because you 're too stupidly trusting ? 
 `` jeanne said . 
 `` you 're not responsible for him . '' 
 `` i think she means because she 's his soulmate , `` aradia said softly . 
 jeanne stared at her as if she 'd started speaking a foreign language . 
 maggie stared , too , feeling hereyes getting wider , trying to study the beautiful features in the semidarkness . 
 she felt oddly shy of this girl whom she 'd calledcady and who had turned out to be something shecould never have imagined . 
 `` how did you know that ? '' 
 she asked , trying notto sound tongue-tied . 
 `` can you justtell ? '' 
 asmile curved the perfect lips in the shadows . 
 `` i could tell before , '' aradia said gently , backing upquite accurately to sit on the bench . 
 `` when youcame back from seeing him the first time , but iwas too foggy to really focus on anything then . 
 i ` veseen a lot of it in the last few years , though . 
 peoplefinding their soulmates , i mean . '' 
 `` you 're better , are n't you ? '' 
 maggie said . 
 `` yousound lots moreawake . '' 
 it was n't just that . 
 aradia had always had a quiet dignity , but now therewas an authority and confidence about her thatwas new . 
 `` the healing women helped me . 
 i 'm still weak , though , '' aradia said softly , looking around the cell . 
 `` i ca n't use any of my powers-not that breakingthrough walls is among them , anyway . '' 
 maggie let her breath out . 
 `` oh , well . 
 i 'm gladyou 're awake , anyway . '' 
 she added , feeling shy again , `` um , i know your real name , now . 
 sorry about the misunderstanding before . '' 
 aradia put a hand-again perfectly accuratelyon maggie 's . 
 `` listen , my dear friend , '' she said , startling maggie with both the word and the intensity of her voice , `` nobody has ever helped me more than you did , or with less reason . 
 if you 'd been oneof my people , and you 'd known who i was , it wouldhave been amazing enough . 
 but from a human , who did n't know anything about me ... `` shestopped and shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know if we 'll even live through tonight , '' she said . 
 ` but if we do , and if there 's ever anything the witches can do foryou , all you have to do is ask . '' 
 maggie blinked hard . 
 `` thanks , '' she whispered . 
 `` i meanyou know . 
 i could n't just leave you . '' 
 `` i do know , '' aradia said . 
 `` and that 's the amazingthing . '' 
 she squeezed maggie 's hand . 
 `` whatever happens , i 'll never forget you . 
 and neither will theother witches , if i have anything to say about it . '' 
 maggie gulped . 
 she did n't want to get startedcrying . 
 she was afraid she would n't be able to stop . 
 fortunately jeanne was looking back and forthbetween them like someone at a tennis match . 
 `` what 's all this sappy stuff ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` whatare you guys talking about ? '' 
 maggie told her . 
 not just about aradia being maiden of the witches , but about everything she ` dlearned from listening to hunter redfern andsylvia . 
 `` so the witches have left the night world , '' aradia said quietly , when she was finished . 
 `` they wereabout ready to when i left . '' 
 `` you were coming here to talk to delos , '' maggie said . 
 aradia nodded . 
 `` we heard that hunter had gotten some lead about the next wild power . 
 and weknew he was n't goingto take any chances on letting circle daybreak get hold of this one . '' 
 jeanne was rubbing her forehead . 
 `` what 's circle daybreak ? 
 ` it 's the last circle of witches-but it is n't justwitches . 
 it 's for humans , too , and for shapeshiftersand vampires who want to live in peace with humans . 
 and now it 's for everybody who opposes the darkness . '' 
 she thought a moment and added , `` i used to belong to circle twilight , the ... not-so wicked witches . '' 
 she smiled , then it faded . 
 `` butnow there are really only two sides to choose from.it 's the daylightorthe darkness , and that 's all . '' 
 `` delos really is n't on the side of the darkness , `` maggie said , feeling the ache in her chest tighten . 
 `` he 's just-confused . 
 he 'd join you if he did n'tthink it meant me getting killed . '' 
 aradia squeezed her hand again . 
 `` i believe you , `` she said gently . 
 `` so , you 're some kind of bigwig of the witches , huh ? '' 
 jeanne said . 
 aradia turned toward her and laughed . 
 `` i 'm theirmaiden , the representative of the young witches . 
 if i live long enough , i 'll be their mother one day , and then their crone . '' 
 `` what fun . 
 but with all that , you still ca n't thinkof any way to get us out of here ? '' 
 aradia sobered . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 if-this is n'tmuch use , but if i can do anything , it 's only to givea prophecy . '' 
 maggie made an involuntary noise in her throat . 
 `` it came while i was asleep in the healers hut , `` aradia said apologetically . 
 `` and it was just athought , a concept . 
 that if there was to be any helpin this valley , it was through appealing to people 's true hearts . '' 
 jeanne made a much louder and ruder noisethan maggie 's . 
 maggie stared at her wildly . 
 `` you ... what ? '' 
 `` i shouldhave told you earlier , '' aradia said . 
 `` buti did n't realize he was your brother until my mind became clearer . 
 you 're a lot alike , but i could n'tthink properly to put it together . '' 
 she added , quickly and with terrible gentleness , `` but , maggie , i do n't want to get your hopes up . 
 i do n't thinkthere 's much chance he 's all right . '' 
 maggie went still . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 `` he actually saved me before you ever did . 
 i wascoming to this valley , but i was n't alone-therewere several other witches with me . 
 we did n'tknow where the pass was exactly-we 'd only man aged to get incomplete information from our spiesin hunter redfern 's household . '' 
 maggie controlled her breathing and nodded . 
 `` it was samhain evening-halloween . 
 we werewandering around in the general area of the pass , trying to find a spell that would reveal it . 
 all wedid was set off an avalanche . '' 
 maggie stopped breathing entirely . 
 `` an avalanche ? '' 
 `` it did n't hurt your brother . 
 he was on the road , the place we should have been , if we 'd only known.but it did kill the others in my party . '' 
 `` oh , `` maggie whispered . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry ... '' `` i was n't seriously hurt , but i was completely dazed . 
 i could feel that the others were dead , buti was n't sure where i was anymore . 
 and that waswhen i heard your brother shouting . 
 he and sylvia had heard the avalanche , of course , and they cameto see if anyone was caught in it . '' 
 `` miles would always stop to help people , '' maggiesaid , still almost in a whisper . 
 `` even if they only needed batteries or socks or things . '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you how grateful i was to hear him.he saved my life , i 'm sure-i would have wandered around dazed until i froze . 
 and i was so happy torecognize that the girl with him was a witch ... `` she grimaced . 
 `` huh , '' jeanne said , but not unsympathetically . 
 `` i bet that did n't last . '' 
 `` she recognized me , too , immediately , '' aradiasaid . 
 `` she knew what she had . 
 a hostage to bargainwith all the other witches . 
 and to buy credit withhunter redfern . 
 and of course , she knew that she could stop me from seeing delos . '' 
 `` all she cares about is power , '' maggie said quietly . 
 `` i heard hertalking-it ` sall about her , and how the witches have given her a bad deal becauseshe 's not a harman or something . '' 
 aradia smiled very faintly . 
 `` i 'm not a harman byname , either . 
 but all true witches are daughters of hellewise hearth-woman-if they would just realize it . '' 
 she shook her head slightly . 
 `` sylvia was so excited about finding me that she could n't resist explaining it all to your brother . 
 and he ... was n't happy . '' 
 `` no , '' maggie said , burning with such fierce pride that for a moment the cold cell seemed warm to her . 
 `` she 'd only told him before that she was taking him to some secret place where legends were stillalive . 
 but now she told him the truth about thedark kingdom , and how she wanted him to be apart of it . 
 she told him that it could be theirstheir own private haven-after delos left with hunter redfern . 
 he could become a vampire orshapeshifter , whichever he liked better . 
 they wouldboth be part of the night world , and they couldrule here without any interference . '' 
 maggie lifted her hands helplessly , waving themin agitation because she could n't find words . 
 how stupid could sylvia be ? 
 did n't she know miles atall ? 
 `` miles would n't care about any of that , '' she finally got out in a choked voice . 
 `` he did n't . 
 he told her so . 
 and i knew right awaythat he was in trouble with her . '' 
 aradia sighed . 
 `` but there was nothing i could do . 
 sylvia played it very cool until they got me down the mountain.she pretended all she cared about was getting meto a doctor and telling the rangers about my friends . 
 but once we were in her apartment , everything changed . '' 
 `` i remember her apartment , '' maggie said slowly . 
 `` the people there were weird . '' 
 `` they were night people , '' aradia said . 
 `` and sylvia 's friends . 
 as soon as we were inside she toldthem what to do . 
 i was trying to explain to miles , to see if we both could get away , but there weretoo many of them . 
 he put himself in between meand them , maggie . 
 he said they 'd have to kill himbefore getting to me . '' 
 maggie 's chest felt not so much tight now asswollen , like a drum barrel full of water . 
 she couldfeel her heart thudding slowly inside , and the wayit echoed all through her . 
 she steadied her voice and said , `` did they killhim ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not then . 
 and maybe not ever-but that ` sthe part that i do n't know . 
 all i know is that theyknocked him out , and then the two slave tradersarrived . 
 bern and gavin . 
 sylvia had sent for them . '' 
 and they must have come fresh from kidnappingp.j . 
 , maggie thought . 
 what wonderful guys . 
 `` they knocked me out . 
 and then sylvia boundme with spells and practiced with her truth potions on me . 
 she did n't get much information , becausei did n't have much information . 
 there was no armyof witches coming to invade the dark kingdomright now , i wish there were . 
 and she already knew that i was coming to see delos . '' 
 aradia sighed again and finished quickly . 
 `` thetruth potion poisoned me , so that for days afterwards i was delirious . 
 i could n't really understandwhat was going on around me - i just faded in andout . 
 i knew that i was being kept ina warehouse until the weather cleared enough to take me to thevalley . 
 and i knew that miles had already been disposed of-sylvia mentioned that before she left mein the warehouse . 
 but i did n't know what she haddone with him-and i still do n't . '' 
 maggie swallowed . 
 her heart was still thumping in that slow , heavy way . 
 `` what i do n't understandis why she had to set up a whole scenario to explainwhere he went . 
 she let some rangers find her onthe mountain , and she said that he fell down acrevasse . 
 but if he was dead , why not just let himdisappear ? '' 
 `` i think i know the answer to that , at least , '' aradia said . 
 `` when miles was fighting them off he saidthat his roommates knew he 'd gone climbing withher . 
 he said that if he did n't come back , they ` dremember that . '' 
 yes . 
 it made sense . 
 everything made sense-except that maggie still did n't know what had becomeof him . 
 there was a long silence . 
 ` `` well , he was brave , '' jeanne said finally , andwith unexpected seriousness . 
 `` if he did die , he wentout the right way . 
 we just ought to hope we cando the same . '' 
 maggie glanced at her , trying to read the angularfeatures in the darkness . 
 there was no trace ofmockery or sarcasm that she could see . 
 well , cady 's changed into aradia , maiden of allthe witches , and i 've changed into the deliverernot that i 've been much good at it , she thought . 
 but i think maybe you 've changed the most afterall , jeanne `` you know , i do n't even know your last name , '' she said to jeanne , so abruptly and so much offthe subject that jeanne reared back a little . 
 `` uh-mccartney . 
 it was-it is cmccartney . '' 
 sheadded , `` i was fourteen when they got me . 
 i was at the mall playing fist of death at the arcade . 
 and iwent to go to the bathroom , and it was down this long empty corridor , and the next thing i knew iwas waking up in a slave trader 's cart . 
 and now you know everything , '' she said . 
 maggie put out a hand in the dimness , `` hi , jeanne mccartney . '' 
 she felt the cold grip of slen der , callused fingers , and she shook jeanne 's hand.and then she just held on to it , and to aradia 's soft warm fingers on the other side . 
 the three of themsat together in the dark cell , slave , human , andwitch maiden-except that we 're really all just girls , maggie thought . 
 `` you did n't tell me one thing , '' maggie said suddenly . 
 `` what 'd they callyou when you started working here ? 
 what was your job ? '' 
 jeanne snorted . 
 `` second assistant stable sweeper.and . 
 now you know everything . '' 
 maggie did n't think she could possibly sleep in aplace like this , but after the three of them had sat quietly for a long time she found herself dozing . 
 and when the rattle of the dungeon door startledher , she realized that she 'd been asleep . 
 she had no idea what time it was-the flare wasburning low . 
 she could feel aradia and jeannecome awake beside her . 
 `` dinner ? '' 
 jeanne muttered . 
 `` i just hope it 's not pj . 
 - '' maggie began , and then broke off as firm , determined steps sounded on the stone floor of the corridor . 
 she recognized the stride and she stood up tomeet delos . 
 he stood outside the cell , the dying torchlightflickering on his dark hair , catching occasionalsparks off his golden eyes . 
 he was alone . 
 and he did n't waste time getting to the point . 
 `` i came to see if you 've decided to be reasonable , '' he said . 
 `` i 've been reasonable from the beginning , '' maggie said quietly and completely seriously . 
 she was searching his face and the slight link she felt between their minds at this distance , hoping to findsome change in him . 
 but although she felt turmoilthat was almost anguish , she also felt the steel ofhis resolve . 
 i wo n't let you be killed . 
 nothing else matters . 
 maggie felt her shoulders sag . 
 she turned slightly . 
 aradia and jeanne were stillsitting on the bench , aradia motionless , jeannecoiled and wary . 
 but she could tell that they bothfelt this was her fight . 
 and they 're right . 
 if i ca n't do it , nobody can ... but how ? 
 `` they 're people , '' she said , gesturing toward theother girls , but watching delos 's face . 
 `` i do n't knowhow to get you to see that . 
 they matter , too . '' 
 he hardly glanced back at them . 
 `` in the time ofdarkness that is coming , '' he said , as carefully as ifreciting a lesson , `` only the night people will survive . 
 the ancient forces of magic are rising . 
 they ` vebeen asleep for ten thousand years , but they ` rewaking up again . '' 
 a low voice , not belligerent , but not afraid either , came from the back of the cell . 
 `` some of us believethat humans can learn to live with magic . '' 
 `` some of you are idiots and fools and are goingto die , '' delos said , without even looking . 
 he stared at maggie . 
 she stared back at him.they were willing each other ashard as possible to understand . 
 and i think he 's got a stronger will , maggiethought , as she broke the locked gaze and looked away , thumping the heel of a clenched fist against her forehead . 
 no . 
 that 's not right . 
 i 'm steely neely and i nevergive up . 
 if i tell him that some things are worth dyingfor ... but i do n't think he 's afraid to die . 
 he 's justafraid for me . 
 and he just wo n't listen if i say that i 'd rather die than see some things happen . 
 butthat 's the truth . 
 there are some things that you just ca n't allow to happen , whatever the cost . 
 there are some things that have just got to be stopped . 
 she froze , and the cell seemed to disappeararound her . 
 she was seeing , in her mind 's eye , an equallydark and uncomfortable little cart . 
 and her ownvoice was saying , jeanne . 
 it 's got to stop . 
 feeling very light-headed , she turned toward thebench . 
 `` jeanne ? 
 come over here . '' 
 jeanne straightened and walked up doubtfully.she looked into maggie 's face . 
 maggie looked at her and then at delos . 
 `` now you show him , '' she said in a voice thatwas like her own voice , but older and much grimmer , `` what his night people do to slaves who try to escape . 
 like you showed me . '' 
 jeanne 's expression was inscrutable . 
 she went onstaring at maggie for a moment , then she raisedher eyebrows and turned around . 
 she was wearing the same slave tunic she hadbeen wearing for the last four days . 
 she lifted it upin the same way and showed delos her back . 
 he took one look and reeled back as if she 'd hit him . 
 maggie was braced , but even so the backlash ofhis shock and horror nearly swamped her . 
 shegrabbed on to the iron bars of the cell and waitedit out , teeth gritted while her vision went fromblack to red to something like a normal gray . 
 `` who did this ? 
 `` delos managed finally , in a voice like ground glass . 
 he was dead white , except forhis eyes , which looked black in contrast . 
 `` who ? '' 
 jeanne dropped her tunic . 
 `` i thought you did n't care about vermin . '' 
 and she walked away without answering him , leaving him speechless . 
 maggie watched her sit down , then turned back . 
 `` some things have got to be stopped , '' she saidto delos . 
 `` do you see what i mean ? 
 some thingsyou just ca n't let go on . '' 
 and then she waited . 
 i knew he did n't know that kind of thing washappening , she thought , feeling vaguely glad in avery tired , sad , and distant way . 
 but it 's good to see it proved . 
 the silence stretched endlessly . 
 delos was still staring at jeanne . 
 he had run ahand through his hair at some point ; it was disheveled and falling over his forehead . 
 the skin of hisface seemed to be stretched , very tight and his eyeswere burning gold . 
 he looked as if he 'd completely lost his bearings , and he did n't know what to trust anymore . 
 and then he looked at maggie . 
 she was still standing there , waiting and watching . 
 their eyes met and she realized suddenly thatshe 'd never seen him so vulnerable-or so open . 
 but if there was one thing prince delos had , it was resolution . 
 after another moment of helplessness , she saw him straighten his shoulders and draw himself up . 
 and , as usual , he got directly to the point . 
 `` you 're right , '' he said simply . 
 `` and i was wrong . 
 there are some things that have got to be stopped . 
 `` maggie leanedagainst the bars and smiled . 
 `` i 'll get the key , '' he said , and then went on , briskly planning . 
 `` i want the three of you out ofthe castle , at least , before i confront hunter . '' 
 `` you ca n't do it alone , '' maggie began.sheshould have known he 'd immediately start arranging everybody 's life again . 
 `` especially not with yourpower blocked - '' `` there 's no reason for you to be in any moredanger than you have to be , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll send youoff with some of my people who can be trusted - '' `` i 'm afraid that wo n't be possible , '' a voice saidfrom the corridor . 
 it gave maggie a horrible jolt . 
 they were all tired , and all caught up in the moment , and none of themhad seen the figure until it was almost behinddelos . 
 hunter redfern was standing there smiling . 
 sylvia was behind him . 
 and behind them , crowdedtogether , were armed guards . 
 `` we 've had to dispose of the few idiots who insisted on remaining loyal to you , '' hunter said amiably . 
 his eyes were shining like the purest gold . 
 `` the castle is now under our control . 
 but do go onwith your plans , it 's very sweet to hear you trying to save each other . '' 
 `` and it 's no use trying to pretend , '' sylvia addedspitefully . 
 `` we heard everything . 
 we knew you could n't be trusted , so we let you come down here on purpose , to see what you 'd say . '' 
 for someone who 'd known delos a while , shedid n't understand him very well , maggie thought.maggie could have told her that pretending was thelast thing that would occur to delos . 
 instead he did what maggie knew he would ; he launched himself at hunter redfern 's throat . 
 delos was young and strong and very angry but it was no contest . 
 after sylvia had squeaked and withdrawn , the guards all came to help hunter . 
 after that it was over quickly . 
 `` put him in with his friends , '' hunter said , brushing off his sleeves . 
 `` it 's a real pity to see my onlysurviving heir come to this , '' he added , once deloshad been kicked and thrown into the cell . 
 for amoment there was that note of genuine feeling in his voice that maggie had heard before . 
 then the golden eyes went cold and more bitter than ever . 
 `` i think tomorrow morning we 'll have a very special hunt , '' he said . 
 `` and then there will be onlythree wild powers to worry about . '' 
 this time , when the guards left , they took all theflares with them . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' maggie whispered , trying to inspectdelos 's bruises by touch alone . 
 `` delos , i 'm sorry ... i did n't know ... '' `` it does n't matter , '' he said , holding her hands . 
 `` it would have happened eventually anyway . '' 
 `` for a vampire , you did n't put up much of afight , '' jeanne 's voice came from the back of the cell . 
 maggie frowned , but delos turned toward herand spoke without defensiveness . 
 `` that witch bound more than just the blue fire when she putthis spell on my arm , '' he said . 
 `` she took all myvampire powers . 
 i 'm essentially a human until she removes it . '' 
 `` aradia ? '' 
 maggie said . 
 `` can you do anything ? 
 imean , i know only sylvia is supposed to be able totake the spell off , but ... '' aradia knelt beside them , graceful in the darkness . 
 she touched delos 's arm gently , then sighed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said . 
 `` even if i were at full power , there 's nothing i could do . '' 
 maggie let out her breath . 
 `` that 's the only thing i regret , '' delos said . 
 `` thati ca n't save you . '' 
 `` you have to stop thinking about that , '' maggiewhispered . 
 she was filled with a strange resignation . 
 itwas n't that she was giving up . 
 but she was very tired , physically and emotionally , and there wasnothing she could do rightnow ... and maybe nothing ever , she thought dimly . 
 shefelt something steadying her and realized it was delos 's arm . 
 she leaned against him , glad of hiswarmth and solidity in the darkness . 
 there was a tremendous comfort in just being held by him . 
 sometimes just having fought is important , shethought . 
 even if you do n't win . 
 her eyelids were terribly heavy . 
 it felt absolutely wonderful to close them , just for a moment ... she only woke up once during the night , and thatwas because of delos . 
 she could sense something in himsomething in his mind . 
 he seemed to beasleep , but very far away , and very agitated . 
 was he calling my name ? 
 she wondered . 
 i thought i heard that ... he was thrashing and muttering , now . 
 maggieleaned close and caught a few words . 
 `` i love you ... i did love you ... always remember that ... '' `` delos ! '' 
 she shook him . 
 `` delos , what are youdoing ? '' 
 he came awake with a start . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 but she knew . 
 she remembered those wordsshe 'd heard them before she had actually met deloson the mountain . 
 `` it was my dream . 
 you were ... going back intime somehow , were n't you ? 
 and giving me thatdream i had , warning me to get away from thisvalley . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` but how can you ? 
 i thought you could n't use your powers . '' 
 `` i do n't think this took vampire powers , '' he said , sounding almost guilty . 
 `` it was more-i think itwas just the bond between us . 
 the soulmate thing.i do n't even know how i did it . 
 i justwent to sleepand started dreaming about the you of the past . 
 itwas as if i was searching for you-and then i foundyou . 
 i made the connection . 
 i do n't know if it 's ever been done before , that kind of time travel . '' 
 maggie shook her head . 
 `` but you already know it did n't work . 
 the dream did n't change anything.i did n't leave as soon as i woke up in the cart , because i 'm here . 
 and if i had left , i would never have met you , and then you would n't have sentthe dream ... '' `` the hunt of your lives , '' hunter redfern said . 
 hewas standing handsome and erect , smiling easily . 
 the nobles were gathered around him , and maggieeven saw some familiar faces in the crowd . 
 that rough man from delos 's memories-the one who grabbed his arm , she thought dreamily . 
 and the woman who put the first binding spell on him . 
 they were crowded in the courtyard , their faceseager . 
 the first pale light was just touching thesky-not that the sun was visible , of course . 
 but it was enough to turn the clouds pearly and cast aneerie , almost greenish luminescence over thescene below . 
 `` twohumans , a witch , and a renegade prince , `` hunter proclaimed . 
 he was enjoying himself hugely , maggie could tell . 
 `` you 'll never have another chance at prey like this . '' 
 maggie gripped delos 's hand tightly . 
 shewasfrightened butatthesame time strangely proud . 
 if the nobles around hunter wereexpecting their prey to cower or beg , they were going to be disappointed . 
 they were alone , the four of them , in a littleempty space in the square . 
 maggie and aradia and jeanne in their slave clothes , delos in his leggingsand shirtsleeves . 
 a little wind blew and stirredmaggie 's hair , but otherwise they were perfectly still . 
 aradia , of course , was always dignified . 
 just nowher face was grave and sad , but there was no sign of anger or fear in it . 
 she stood at her full height , her huge clear eyes turned toward the crowd , as if they were all welcome guests that she had invited . 
 jeanne was more rumpled . 
 her red hair was disheveled and her tunic was wrinkled , but there wasa grim smile on her angular face and a wild battlelight in her green eyes . 
 she was one prey that wasgoing to fight , maggie knew . 
 maggie herself was doing her best to live up tothe others . 
 she stood astall as she could , knowing she would never be asimpressive as aradia , or as devil-may-care as jeanne , but trying at least to look asif dying came easy to her . 
 delos was magnificent . 
 in his shirtsleeves , he was more of a prince thanhunter redfern would ever be . 
 he looked at thecrowd of nobles who had all promised to be loyalto him and were now thirsting for his blood-and he did n't get mad . 
 he tried to talk to them . 
 `` watch what happens here , '' he said , his voicecarrying easily across the square . 
 `` and do n't forgetit . 
 are you really going to follow a man who cando this to his own great-grandson ? 
 how long is itgoing to be before he turns on you?before you findyourselves in front of a pack of hunting animals ? '' 
 `` shut him up , '' hunter said . 
 he tried to say it jovially , but maggie could hear thefuryunderneath . 
 and the command did n't seem to make much sense . 
 maggie could see the nobles looking at each other-who was supposed to shut him up , and how ? 
 `` there are some things thatt have to be stopped , '' delos said . 
 `` and this man is one of them . 
 i admitit , i was willing to go along with him-but that was because i was blind and stupid . 
 i know betternow-and i knew better before he turned againstme . 
 you all know me . 
 would i be standing here , willing to give up my life for no reason ? '' 
 there was the tiniest stirring among the nobles . 
 maggie looked at them hopefully-and then herheart sank . 
 they simply were n't used to thinking for themselves , or maybe they were used to thinking only of themselves . 
 but she could tell there was n't material for a rebellion here . 
 and the slaves were n't going to be of any help , either . 
 the guards had weapons , they did n't . 
 theywere frightened , they were unhappy , but this kind of hunt was something they 'd seen before . 
 theyknew that it could n't be stopped . 
 `` this girl came to us peacefully , trying to keepthe alliance between witches and vampire , '' deloswas saying , his hand on aradia 's shoulder . 
 `` and inreturn we tried to kill her . 
 i 'm telling you rightnow , that by spilling her innocent blood , you 're allcommitting a crime that will come back to hauntyou . '' 
 another little stirringamong women , maggie thought . 
 witches , maybe ? 
 `` shut him up , '' hunter said , almost bellowing it . 
 and this time he seemed to be saying it to a specific person . 
 maggie followed his gaze and saw sylvia near them . 
 `` some beasts have to be muzzled before they canbe hunted , '' hunter said , looking straight at sylvia . 
 `` so take care of it now . 
 the hunt is about to begin . '' 
 sylvia stepped closer to delos , a little uneasily.he stared back at her levelly , as if daring her towonder what he 'd do when she got nearer . 
 `` guards ! '' 
 hunter redfern said , sounding tired . 
 the guards moved in . 
 they had two differentkinds of lances , a distant part of maggie 's mindnoted . 
 one tipped with metal-that must be for humans and witches-and one tipped with wood . 
 for vampires , she thought . 
 if delos was n't careful , he might get skewered in the heart before thehunt even began . 
 `` now shut his lying mouth , '' hunter redfernsaid . 
 sylvia took her basket off her arm . 
 `` in the new order after the millennium , we ` llhave hunts like this every day , '' hunter redfernwas saying , trying to undo the damage that hisgreat-grandson had done . 
 `` each of us will have a city of humans to hunt . 
 a city of throats to cut , acity of flesh to eat . '' 
 sylvia was fishing in her basket , not afraid tostand close to the vampire prince since he was surrounded by a forest of lances . 
 `` sylvia , '' aradia said quietly . 
 sylvia looked up , startled . 
 maggie saw her eyes , the color of violets . 
 `` each of us will be a prince - '' hunter redfernwas saying . 
 `` sylvia weald , '' aradia said . 
 sylvia looked down . 
 `` do n't talk to me , '' she whispered . 
 `` you 're noti 'm not one of you anymore . '' 
 `` all you have to do is follow me , '' hunter wassaying . 
 `` sylvia weald , '' aradia said . 
 `` you were born awitch . 
 your name means the greenwood , the sacred grove . 
 you are a daughter of hellewise , andyou will be until you die . 
 you are my sister . '' 
 `` i am not , '' sylvia spat . 
 `` you ca n't help it . 
 nothing can break the bond.in your deepest heart you know that . 
 and asmaiden of all the witches , and in the name of hellewise hearth-woman , i adjure you : remove your spell from this boy . '' 
 it was the strangest thing-but it did n't seem tobe aradia who said it . 
 oh , it was aradia 's voice , allright , maggie thought , and it was aradia standingthere . 
 but at that moment she seemed to be fusedwith another form-a sort of shining aura allaround her . 
 someone who was part of her , butmore than she was . 
 it looked , maggie thought dizzily , like a tallwoman with hair as pale as sylvia 's and largebrown eyes . 
 sylvia gasped out , `` hellewise ... . 
 `` her own violeteyes were huge and frightened . 
 then she just stood frozen . 
 hunter was ranting on . 
 maggie could hear himvaguely , but all she could see was sylvia , the shudders that ran through sylvia 's frame , the heavingof sylvia 's chest . 
 appeal to their true hearts , maggie thought . 
 `` sylvia , '' she said . 
 `` i believe in you . '' 
 the violeteyes turned toward her , amazed . 
 `` i do n't care what you did to miles ; maggie said . 
 `` i know you 're confused-i know you were unhappy . 
 but now you have a chance to make upfor it . 
 you can do something-something importanthere . 
 something that will change the world . '' 
 `` rivers of blood , '' hunter was raving . 
 `` and noone to stop us . 
 we wo n't stop with enslaving thehumans . 
 the witches are our enemies now . 
 thinkof the power you 'll feel when you drink their lives ! '' 
 `` if you let this wild power be killed , you ` i ! 
 beresponsible for the darkness coming , '' maggie said . 
 `` only you . 
 because you 're the only one who canstop it right now . '' 
 sylvia put a trembling hand to her cheek . 
 shelooked as if she were about to faint . 
 `` do you really want to go down in history as the one who destroyed the world ? '' 
 maggie said . 
 `` as maiden of all the witches ... `` aradia said.and another , deepervoiceseemed to follow on hers like anecho , as mother o f all the witches ... `` and in the name of hellewise . . 
 and in the name of my children ... `` as you are a hearth-woman ... '' as you are my own daughter , a true hearth woman ... `` i adjure you ! 
 `` aradia said , and her voice rangout in double tones so clearly that it actuallystopped hunter in midtirade . 
 it stopped everyone . 
 for an instant there was absolutely no sound in the courtyard . 
 everyone wa : looking around to see where the voice had come from . 
 sylvia was simply staring at aradia . 
 then the violet eyes shut and her entire bodyshivered in a sigh . 
 when she spoke it was on the barest whisper of breath , and only someone as close as maggie wa : could have heard her . 
 `` as a daughter of hellewise , i obey . '' 
 and then she was reaching for delos 's arm , ancdelos was reaching toward her . 
 and hunter wa : shouting wildly , but maggie could n't make out thewords . 
 she could n't make out sylvia 's words , ei.ther , but she saw her lips move , and she saw the slender pale fingers clasp delos 's wrist . 
 and saw the lance coming just before it piercecsylvia 's heart . 
 then , as if everything came into focus at once she realized what hunter had been shouting in i voice so distorted it was barely recognizable . 
 `` kill her ! 
 kill her ! '' 
 and that 's just what they 'd done , maggie thoughther mind oddly clear , evenasa wave of horror andpity seemed to engulf her body . 
 the lance wen right through sylvia . 
 it knocked her backwardaway from delos , and blood spurted all over thefront of sylvia 's beautiful green dress . 
 and sylvia looked toward hunter redfern andsmiled . 
 this time maggie could read the words orher lips . 
 `` too late . '' 
 delos turned . 
 there was red blood on his whiteshirthis own , maggie realized . 
 he 'd tried to getin the way of the guard 's killing sylvia . 
 but nowhe had eyes only for his greatgrandfather . 
 `` it stops here ! '' 
 maggie held sylvia gently . 
 or at least , she knelt by her and tried to hold herasbest she could without disturbing the piece of broken spear that wasstill lodged in sylvia 's body . 
 it was all over . 
 where hunter redfern and hismost trusted nobles had been , there was a large scorched crater in the earth . 
 maggie vaguely recalled seeing a few people running for the hillsgavin the slave trader had been among them . 
 but hunter had n't been one of them . 
 he had been at ground zero when the blue fire struck , and nowthere was n't even a wisp of red hair to show thathe had existed . 
 except for delos , there were n't any night peopleleft in the courtyard atall . 
 the slaves were just barely peeking out againfrom their huts . 
 `` it 's all right , '' jeanne was yelling . 
 `` yeah , youheard me it 's all right!delos is n't dangerous . 
 notto us , anyway . 
 come on , you , get out of therewhat are you doing hiding behind that pig ? '' 
 `` she 's good at this , '' a grim voice murmured . 
 maggie looked up and saw a tall , gaunt figure , with a very small girl clasped to her side . 
 `` laundress ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` oh , and pj.-i 'm so glad you 're all right . 
 but , laundress , please ... . '' 
 the healing woman knelt . 
 but even as she did , alook passed between her and sylvia . 
 sylvia 's facewas a strange , chalky color , with shadows thatlooked like bruises under her eyes . 
 there was alittle blood at the corner of her mouth . 
 `` it 's no good , '' she said thickly . 
 `` she 's right , '' laundress said bluntly . 
 `` there ` snothing you can do to help this one , deliverer , andnothing i can do , either . '' 
 `` i 'm not anybody 's deliverer , '' maggie said . 
 tearsprickled behind her eyes . 
 `` you could have fooled me , '' laundress said , andgot up again . 
 `` i see you sitting here , and i see allthe slaves over there , free . 
 you came and it happened-the prophecies were fulfilled . 
 if you did n'tdo it , it 's a strange coincidence . '' 
 the look in her dark eyes , although as unsentimental as ever , made maggie 's cheeks burn suddenly . 
 she looked back down at sylvia . 
 `` but she 's the one who saved us , '' she said , hardlyaware that she was speaking out loud . 
 `` she deserves some kind of dignity ... '' `` she 's not the only one who saved us , '' a voicesaid quietly , and maggie looked up gratefully atdelos . 
 `` no , you did , too . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant , '' he said , and kneltwhere laundress had . 
 one of his hands touched maggie 's shoulder lightly , but the other one wentto sylvia 's . 
 `` there 's only one thing i can do to help you , '' hesaid . 
 `` do you want it ? '' 
 `` to become a vampire ? '' 
 sylvia 's head movedslightly in a negative . 
 `` no . 
 and since there 's woodnext to my heart right now , i do n't think it would work anyway . '' 
 maggie gulped and looked at the spear , whichhad cracked in the confusion when the guards ran . 
 `` we could take it out - ! '' 
 i would n't live through it . 
 give up for once , will you ? '' 
 sylvia 's head moved slightly again in disgust . 
 maggie had to admire her , even dying , she still hadthe strength to be nasty . 
 witches were tough . 
 `` listen , '' sylvia said , staring at her . 
 `` there ` ssomething i want to tell you . '' 
 she drew a painfulbreath . 
 `` about your brother . '' 
 maggie swallowed , braced to hear the terrible details `` yes . '' 
 `` it really bugged me , you know ? 
 i would put on my nicest clothes , do my hair , we would go out ... and then he 'd talk about you . '' 
 maggie blinked , utterly nonplussed . 
 this was n't at all what she had expected . 
 `` he would ? '' 
 `` about his sister.how brave she was . 
 how smartshe was . 
 how stubborn she was . '' 
 maggie kept blinking . 
 she 'd heard miles accuse her of lots of things , but never of being smart . 
 shefelt her eyelids prickle again and her throat swellpainfully . 
 `` he could n't stand to hear a bad word about you , '' sylvia was saying . 
 her purple-shadowed eyes narrowed suddenly , the color of bittersweet nightshade . 
 `` and i hated you for that . 
 but him ... i liked him . '' 
 her voice was getting much weaker . 
 aradia knelton her other side and touched the shimmering silvery hair . 
 `` you do n't have long , '' she said quietly , as if giving a warning . 
 sylvia 's eyes blinked once , as if to say she understood . 
 then she turned her eyes on maggie . 
 `` i told delos i killed him , '' she whispered . 
 `` but ... i lied . '' 
 maggie felt her eyes fly open . 
 then all at onceher heart was beating so hard that it shook herentire body . 
 `` you did n'tkill him ? 
 he 's alive ? '' 
 `` i wanted to punish him ... but i wanted himnear me , too ... '' a wave of dizziness broke over maggie . 
 she bentover sylvia , trying not to clutch at the slender shoulders . 
 all she could see was sylvia 's pale face . 
 `` please tell me what you did , '' she whisperedwith passionate intensity . 
 `` please tell me . '' 
 `` i had him ... changed . '' 
 the musical voice wasonly a distant murmur now . 
 `` made him a shapeshifter ... and added a spell . 
 so he would n'tbe human again until i wanted ... '' `` what kind of spell ? '' 
 aradia prompted quietly . 
 sylvia made a sound like the most faraway ofsighs . 
 `` not anything that you need to deal with , maiden ... just take the leather band off his leg.he 'll always be a shapeshifter ... but he wo n't be lost to you ... '' suddenly her voice swelled up a little stronger , and maggie realized that the bruised eyes werelooking at her with something like sylvia 's oldmalice . 
 `` you 're so smart ... i 'm sure you can figure outwhich animal ... '' after that a strange sound came out of herthroat , one that maggie had never heard before.somehow she knew without being told that itmeant sylvia was dying-right then . 
 the body in the green dress arched up once andwent still . 
 sylvia 's head fell back . 
 her eyes , the color of tear-drenched violets , were open , staringup at the sky , but they seemed oddly flat . 
 aradia put a slender dark hand on the paleforehead . 
 `` goddess of life , receive this daughter of hellewise , '' she said in her soft , ageless voice . 
 `` guideher to the other world . '' 
 she added , in a whisper , `` she takes with her the blessing of all the witches . '' 
 maggie looked up almost fearfully to see if theshining figure who had surrounded aradia like anaura would come back . 
 but all she saw was aradia 's beautiful face , with its smooth skin the color of coffee with cream and its compassionate blindgaze . 
 then aradia gently moved her hand down to shutsylvia 's eyes . 
 maggie clenched her teeth , but it was no use.she gasped once , and then somehow she was in the middle of sobbing violently , unable to stop it.but delos 's arms were around her , and she buriedher face in his neck , and that helped . 
 when she gotcontrol of herself a few minutes later , she realizedthat in his arms she felt almost what she had inher dream , that inexpressible sense of peace and security . 
 of belonging , utterly . 
 as long as her soulmate was alive , and they weretogether , she would be all right . 
 then she noticed that p.j. was pressed up againsther , too , and she let go of delos to put one armaround the small shaking body . 
 `` you okay , kiddo ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 p.j. sniffed . 
 `` yeah . 
 i am , now . 
 it 's been prettyscary , but i 'm glad it 's over . '' 
 `` and you know , '' jeanne said , looking down atsylvia with her hands on her hips , `` that 's how iwant to go . 
 taking my own way out ... and totally pissing everybody off at the end . '' 
 maggie glanced up , startled , and choked . 
 thenshe gurgled . 
 then she shook her head , and knewthat her crying spell was over . 
 `` i do n't even know why i 'm like this about her . 
 she was n't a nice person . 
 i wanted to kill her myself . '' 
 `` she was a person , '' delos said . 
 which , maggie decided , was about the best summing-up anybody could provide . 
 she realized that jeanne and laundress anddelos were looking at her intently , and that aradia 's face was turned her way . 
 `` well ? '' 
 jeanne said . 
 `` do you know ? 
 which animal your brother is ? '' 
 `` oh , `` maggie said . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 she looked at delos . 
 `` do you happen to knowwhat the name gavin means ? 
 for a shapeshifter?does it mean falcon ? '' 
 his blacklashed golden eyes met hers . 
 `` hawk orfalcon . 
 yes . '' 
 warm pleasure filled maggie . 
 `` then i know , '' she said simply . 
 she stood up , and delos came with her as if he belonged by her . 
 `` how can we find the falcon she had with her thatfirst day we met ? 
 when you were out with the hunting party ? '' 
 `` it should be in the mews , '' delos said . 
 a fascinated crowd gathered behind them as theywent . 
 maggie recognized old mender , smiling and cackling , and soaker , not looking frightened anymore , and chamber-pot emptier ... `` we really need to get you guys some newnames , '' she muttered . 
 `` can you just pick one or something ? '' 
 the big girl with the moon face and the gentleeyes smiled at her shyly . 
 `` i heard of a noble named hortense once ... . '' 
 `` that 's good , '' maggie said , after just the slightestpause . 
 `` yeah , that 's great . 
 i mean , comparatively . '' 
 they reached the mews , which was a dark littleroom near the stable , with perches all over thewalls . 
 the falcons were upset and distracted , and the air was full of flapping wings . 
 they all lookedalike to maggie . 
 `` it would be a new bird , '' delos said . 
 `` i thinkmaybe that one . 
 is the falconer here ? '' 
 while everyone milled around looking for him , jeanne edged close to maggie . 
 `` what i want to know is how you know . 
 how didyou even know gavin was a shapeshifter at all ? '' 
 `` i did n't - but it was sort of logical . 
 after all , bernwas one . 
 they both seemed to have the same kind of senses . 
 and aradia said that sylvia took care of miles down at her apartment , and bern and gavinwere both there . 
 so it seemed natural that maybeshe made one of them pass the curse along tomiles . '' 
 ` but why did you figure gavin was a falcon ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' maggie said slowly . 
 `` i justwell , he looked a little bit like one . 
 sort of thin andgolden . 
 but it was more things that happened-he got away from delos and over to the hunting party too fast to have gone by ground . 
 i did n't really think about it much then , but it must have stuckat the back of my mind . '' 
 jeanne gave her a narrow sideways glance . 
 `` stilldoes n't sound like enough . '' 
 `` no-but mostly , it was that milesjust had to bea falcon . 
 it had to be something small-sylviawould hardly be carrying a pigora tiger or a beararound with her up the mountain . 
 and i saw herwith a falcon that first day . 
 it was something she could keep near her , something that she could control . 
 something that was an-accessory . 
 it just allmade sense . '' 
 jeanne made a sound like hmph . 
 `` i still do n'tthink you 're a rocket scientist . 
 i think you luckedout '' maggie turned as the crowd brought a little manwith a lean , shrewd face to her-falconer . 
 `` well , we do n't know yet , '' she murmured fervently . 
 `` buti sure hope so . '' 
 the little man held up a bird . 
 `` this is the newone . 
 lady sylvia said never to take the green bandoff his leg-but i 've got a knife . 
 would you like todo it ? '' 
 maggie held her breath . 
 she tried to keep herhand steady asshe carefully cut through the emerald green leather band , but her fingers trembled . 
 the leather tie fell free-and for a moment hexheart stood still , because nothing happened . 
 and then she saw it . 
 the rippling changeasthebird 's wings outstretched and thickened and thefeathers merged and swam ... and then falconerwas moving back , and a human form was takingshape ... . 
 and then miles was standing there , with his auburn hair shining red gold and his handsome , wicked smile he gave her the thumbs-up sign . 
 `` hey , i knew you would rescue me . 
 what arelittle sisters for ? '' 
 he said-and then maggie was inhis arms . 
 it seemed a long time later that all the hugging and crying and explaining was done . 
 the slavesthe ex-slaves , maggie corrected herself-had begunto gather and organize themselves and make plans.delos and aradia had sent various messengers outof the valley . 
 there were still things to be settled-months ' andyears ' worth of things . 
 and maggie knew that lifewould never be the same for her again . 
 she would never be a normal schoolgirl . 
 her brother was a shapeshifter-well , at least itwas a form he could enjoy , she thought wryly . 
 hewas already talking to jeanne about a new way ofgetting to the summits of mountains-with wings . 
 her soulmate was a wild power . 
 aradia had already told her what that meant . 
 it meant that theywould have to be protected by the witches and circle daybreak until the time of darkness came anddelos was needed , so that the night world did n'tkill them . 
 and even if they survived until the final battle ... it was going to be a tough one . 
 plus , she herself had changed forever . 
 she feltshe owed something to the people of the valley , who were still calling her the deliverer . 
 she wouldhave to try to help them adjust to the outside world . 
 her fate would be intertwined with theirsall her life . 
 but just now , everybody wastalking about getting some food . 
 `` come into the castle-all of you , '' delos saidsimply . 
 he took maggie 's arm and started toward it . 
 justthen p.j. pointed to the sky , and there was an awed murmur from the crowd . 
 `` the sun ! '' 
 it was true . 
 maggie looked up and was dazzled.in the smooth , pearly sky of the dark kingdom , in exactly the place where the blue fire had flashedfrom the earth , there was a little clearing in theclouds . 
 the sun was shining through , chasing awaythe mist , turning the trees in the surrounding hillsemerald green . 
 and glinting off the sleek black walls of the castlelikeamirror . 
 a place of enchantment , maggie thought , lookingaround in wonder . 
 it really is beautiful here . 
 then she looked at the boy beside her . 
 at hisdark hairjust now extremely tousled-and hissmooth fair skin , and his elegant bones . 
 at themouth which was still a bit proud and willful , but was mostly vulnerable . 
 and at those fearless , brilliant yellow eyes whichlooked back at her as if she were the most important thing in the universe . 
 `` i suppose that all prophecies come true by accident , '' she said slowly and thoughtfully . 
 `` from just ordinary people trying and lucking out . '' 
 `` there is nothingordinary about you , '' delossaid , and kissed her . 
 onefrom the land of kings long forgotten ; one from the hearth which still holds the spark ; one fromthe day world where two eyes are watching ; 
