 when travis jesson 's ninety-eight-year-old grandmother died , he was in europe brokering a deal . 
 he sent flowers to the funeral since he could n't be there and ignored the pangs of loss caused by her passing . 
 she was an old woman who had lived a full life . 
 it was to be expected . 
 what had n't been expected was the e-mail he received from his grandmother 's solicitors when he returned to houston a few weeks later . 
 he almost missed it between meeting invites and contract negotiations . 
 he glanced at the e-mail on his blackberry during a board meeting , and it froze him in place while in the middle of watching a very important powerpoint presentation given by a senior vice president . 
 it seemed that grandma pearl jesson had left her old victorian house to him-and her pet , gregory . 
 the will stated that he had loved going to her home when he was a boy , and she wanted him to have someplace to retreat to when his life got too hectic . 
 it also stated that gregory would keep him company because she knew he was lonely . 
 and for some reason , that made him pause . 
 travis had n't seen his grandmother in more than two years . 
 though bluebonnet was only an hour or so outside of houston , he had n't been able to get away from the office to take a few days off and visit . 
 there was always another deal coming in , or another board meeting to be handled , or an investor to visit in london . 
 there was no such thing as `` vacation time '' to a ceo , especially not one in his thirties . 
 and yet ... travis thought of his grandmother 's warm smile . 
 drinking a glass of lemonade on her porch as a boy while she 'd stroked his hair and comforted him when his parents had left him there for the summer . 
 he 'd loved that old house-the clutter in the attic , the rooms that seemed full of odd and wonderful discoveries . 
 the backyard full of massive pecan trees . 
 he 'd loved visiting there as a child . 
 he just had n't had time as an adult . 
 gregory would keep him company because she knew he was lonely . 
 she wanted him to have her pet dog ? 
 he was n't lonely . 
 he was driven . 
 ambitious . 
 there would be time for a relationship when he decided to take some time off from work-but that was n't anytime soon . 
 travis had his assistant , amy , shoot off a quick e-mail to the solicitors , asking them to send all information to her so she could make arrangements to have the house disposed of , and to call the nearest pet adoption agency and send gregory there . 
 he did n't have time for a dog . 
 not with his travel schedule . 
 his assistant unhappily delivered the bad news to him : not only could the solicitors not release the keys to the house , because his grandmother 's live-in companion was still in the process of moving out , but also the local shelter refused to accept gregory . 
 the solicitors suggested that if he could please come and take care of the situation as quickly as possible , it would be ideal . 
 as amy relayed this news with a wince , travis glared at his blackberry . 
 he glared again when his friday afternoon meeting had a cancellation . 
 he had no excuse , it seemed . 
 his grandmother had been buried in bluebonnet and he needed to visit and pay his respects anyhow . 
 might as well kill three birds with one stone . 
 `` tell my driver to pull the car up front . '' 
 `` right away , mr. jesson , '' amy said , retreating out the door . 
 after visiting the graveyard , travis decided to go the house . 
 he 'd had amy call the solicitors ' office to let them know he was on his way , and they 'd quickly explained that the keys to the place were with his grandmother 's live-in companion . 
 travis vaguely remembered hiring the woman a few years ago to help out his grandmother . 
 he paid her salary , but when he tried to put a face to the position , he blanked out . 
 had it been that long ? 
 he did n't remember the last time he 'd visited grandma pearl . 
 two years ago at christmas ? 
 with caroline at his side ? 
 that had n't ended well , and his bitter relationship with caroline had soured him on others for quite some time . 
 he had n't dated anyone since . 
 the car pulled in front of the house and his driver glanced in the rearview mirror . 
 `` should i park , mr. jesson ? '' 
 `` i do n't anticipate staying long , '' travis said curtly , pocketing his cell phone and opening his car door . 
 he stepped out of the car and shut the door , then paused in the gravel driveway . 
 travis regarded at the old house . 
 the trees in the front yard were thicker with greenery than he remembered , but other than that , it was like stepping back in time . 
 a porch swing hung to the right side of the front door , and the large columns supporting the front balcony seemed as white and curving as ever . 
 potted plants hung above the railing , and the door had a white wreath on the front with a black ribbon across the door . 
 upstairs , he could see lacy curtains fluttering in the open windows of the second floor . 
 under the carport there was a small blue hatchback-not his grandmother 's . 
 she did n't own a car , if he remembered correctly . 
 it must belong to her live-in companion . 
 well , this would n't take long , then . 
 he strode to the house and up the white wooden steps of the porch , noticing that his grandmother 's favorite rag doormat still lay in front of the door . 
 he put his hand on the doorknob , and then frowned when he realized the door was locked . 
 grandma pearl had never locked the door in all the years that he 'd known her . 
 and the damn house was his now . 
 he had to wait to be asked in ? 
 irritated , he shoved a finger at the doorbell . 
 it chimed . 
 no response . 
 now annoyed , he held his finger down on the button , imagining the constant , grating chime inside . 
 footsteps raced down the hall . 
 `` i 'm coming ! '' 
 a moment later , the door opened . 
 a tall woman stood there in a bikini , a towel wrapped around her waist . 
 travis forgot everything he 'd thought about this not taking long . 
 the woman opening the door was gorgeous . 
 was this grandma pearl 's companion ? 
 he did n't remember her . 
 he 'd have remembered if she 'd had such a curvy , delicious creature assisting her . 
 the woman standing before him was stunning-full br ** sts heaved and glistened with trickles of water , and the belly above the towel was soft and slightly rounded . 
 her dark hair was pulled up into a thick bun atop her head , wild tendrils escaping and framing a lightly freckled face . 
 bright blue eyes stared back at him with surprise . 
 her mouth fell into a lush o of surprise . 
 `` mr. jesson ! 
 please come in . '' 
 her cheeks were bright red , and he did n't know if it was due to his presence or the fact that he 'd just gotten her out of the pool . 
 `` i 'm so sorry i did n't hear the door . 
 i was in the backyard giving gregory a bath . 
 he likes to swim . '' 
 travis did n't really give a shit about the dog . 
 he was far more interested in her , and vaguely disappointed when she hiked the towel up over her br ** sts , hiding them from sight . 
 he studied her for a moment , then put his hand out . 
 `` travis . 
 you must be ... '' `` i know you , '' she said breathlessly , and then her face blushed brighter . 
 `` i mean , you 've been here before . '' 
 `` i do n't remember you , '' he said bluntly . 
 `` oh , of course not . '' 
 she seemed embarrassed . 
 `` i always try to stay out of the way when family visits . 
 i 'm risa . 
 risa moore . 
 you hired me to be your grandmother 's assistant a few years ago . 
 you were there when she interviewed me , remember ? '' 
 he stared at her blankly . 
 `` the schoolteacher ? '' 
 she prompted , then pulled her hair out of the bun and shoved it in front of her face , then made circles with her fingers and held them up to her eyes . 
 `` with the glasses ? '' 
 a glimmer of a memory hit him . 
 he did remember helping his grandmother hire an assistant . 
 but he thought she 'd been middle-aged and sour . 
 this creature ... was n't . 
 she was warm and laughing and he wanted to tug that towel off of her and get another look at her lush body in that black bikini . 
 but all he said was , `` miss moore . 
 i remember . '' 
 `` of course you do , '' she said softly and smiled at him . 
 `` i got lasik a year ago . 
 no one remembers me without the glasses . 
 i 'm getting used to it , though . '' 
 it was incredible to think he 'd forgotten her . 
 ridiculous . 
 `` i 'm travis . '' 
 `` i know , '' she said , that soft smile remaining on her lips , though her sparkle seemed to dim a little . 
 her lower lip wobbled a little . 
 `` you 're here to pick up the keys and gregory . '' 
 ah , hell . 
 was she sad about the damn dog or losing her home ? 
 or both ? 
 `` i 'm not here to kick you out , '' he began . 
 she waved a hand in the air . 
 `` it 's time for me to move on anyhow . 
 your grandmother had been pushing me for the last year to go and get another teaching job , but i did n't want to leave her side . 
 she was a wonderful lady . '' 
 `` she was a great lady , '' he said in a husky voice , his gaze staying on risa as she moved across the room . 
 her h * ps swayed under the towel , her movements incredibly feminine . 
 she moved to the foyer table , picked a pair of keys out of the bowl , and handed them over to him . 
 `` i 'm almost done packing . 
 i should be able to be out of here in the morning . '' 
 `` there 's really no hurry , '' he found himself saying , wishing she would smile . 
 he wanted to see what she looked like when she gave him something other than the polite smile . 
 what she 'd look like if her eyes lit up with pleasure . 
 `` stay as long as you like . '' 
 her expression grew wry . 
 `` i 'm afraid i 'd just be in your way . 
 the lawyer told me you were only coming by to get the keys and gregory , so i wo n't be a bother . '' 
 travis mentally cursed . 
 she seemed determined to get out of there as soon as possible . 
 for some reason , that bothered him . 
 it was more than the feeling that he was kicking her out of her home-and he was-it was that there was something soft and vulnerable underneath her friendly , polite smile . 
 like she was going through the motions and hiding how she really felt . 
 and for some reason , he understood that all too well . 
 so he found himself saying , `` i 'm staying overnight , actually . 
 thought i 'd go through grandmother pearl 's things and see if there is anything i want . '' 
 `` that 's wonderful . 
 it 'll give you time to acquaint yourself with gregory , too , '' she pointed out . 
 like he gave a shit about a dog . 
 but she seemed excited about it , so he added , `` that , too . '' 
 now , he just had to tell his driver that he was n't driving back to houston tonight . 
 `` you 'll love gregory , '' she said softly . 
 `` he 's so affectionate and smart . 
 i think you 'll be impressed . 
 he 's impossible not to love . '' 
 ah , hell . 
 for the first time , her bright blue eyes softened with enthusiasm and her face lit up . 
 she adored the damn dog . 
 and she still thought he was going to adopt it . 
 `` about that ... '' he began . 
 `` your grandmother wanted you to have him when she passed , '' risa blurted out , her look becoming worried again . 
 `` she said she trusted you to look after him . '' 
 `` you should take him . '' 
 she shook her head sadly . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i wish i could , but i do n't have any place to keep him . 
 i 'm staying with a friend in dallas until i find work . '' 
 `` look , risa . '' 
 he scrubbed a hand along his jaw , wondering why it was so damn hard to disappoint the woman . 
 `` i travel a lot . 
 internationally . 
 i 'm afraid there 's just no room in my life for a dog . '' 
 she stared at him as if his words did n't register . 
 then , ever so slightly , her head tilted a little . 
 `` it 's not that i do n't like dogs , '' he said , giving her his most winning smile . 
 `` it 's that i 'm constantly at work or traveling . 
 he 'd be lonely stuck at home by himself all the time . 
 it 's not fair to him . '' 
 her lips twitched . 
 like she thought he was ... funny ? 
 for some reason , that made travis bristle . 
 `` is there a problem with what i 'm saying ? '' 
 she did n't back down from his cold tone . 
 those blue eyes sparkled again , and she gestured to the back door . 
 `` i think you should meet gregory . '' 
 `` i do n't want the dog , risa , '' he began , but fell silent when she took his hand in hers and began to drag him across the living room to the french doors at the far end of the room . 
 that small , warm contact of her hand touching his seemed incredibly intimate and casual . 
 how long had it been since someone had held his hand ? 
 she opened the door with her other hand and stepped onto the back porch of the house , then whistled . 
 `` gregory ! 
 gregory peccary ! '' 
 there was a loud , sharp squeal , and he heard the sound of hooves clicking across the boards of the back porch . 
 to his shock , a pig came darting around the side of the house , racing toward her . 
 a f ** king pink and black pig . 
 she dropped to her knees and held her arms out for the pig , and it dove into her embrace , snuffling and rubbing against her . 
 and her brilliant smile was back , wide and reaching her eyes . 
 she looked up at him , laughter in her face . 
 `` gregory 's not a dog . 
 he 's a micro pig . '' 
 her lips twitched again . 
 `` and he 's yours . '' 
 travis stared down at the squirming pig in her arms . 
 it was the size of a small dog . 
 bulldog , even . 
 that was where the resemblance ended , though . 
 this thing had hooves and a snout . 
 the pig 's little tail wagged at a rapid pace , and he grunted as he burrowed in risa 's arms . 
 she scratched his back , rubbing him . 
 travis just stared . 
 this was why the local shelter would n't take the damn thing . 
 well , goddamn . 
 what the hell was a ceo supposed to do with a pig ? 
 to say that travis jesson was n't pleased would have been an understatement . 
 risa knew the moment he laid eyes on the pig that he 'd never known that his grandmother 's beloved pet was porcine rather than canine . 
 but that could n't be helped-risa loved the pig but she could n't keep him . 
 and pearl had wanted travis to have gregory . 
 `` that boy works too much , '' pearl had said time and time again . 
 `` he needs something other than work to occupy him . '' 
 of course , pearl always assumed that everyone would just do what she 'd wanted . 
 she probably had n't anticipated the enormous scowl on travis 's handsome , unsmiling face . 
 it was a face that risa had dreamed about ever since she 'd met pearl jesson four years ago . 
 travis jesson had interviewed her before pearl had , and she 'd been too intimidated by his brusque manner to really pay much attention to him . 
 pearl , however , had been one of the nicest , friendliest people she 'd ever met . 
 she needed an assistant , she 'd explained , because her grandson worried about her , especially after she 'd broken her hip . 
 they 'd instantly clicked over a comment about daytime television , and risa had the job . 
 she had n't been pearl 's assistant for more than a week before travis had swung by again to see how his grandmother was settling in with her new assistant . 
 risa had been dazzled by the handsome man this time . 
 now that she was n't being interviewed by him , she could relax and study him from across the room . 
 and travis jesson was gorgeous . 
 he was cool , and self-assured , with a strong jaw that never seemed to smile and a serious , almost stern mien . 
 she 'd half fallen in love with him that day , watching him as he fussed over his grandmother , making sure that she had the best of everything available to her . 
 insisting that she rest and get well . 
 he was kind and thoughtful and devoted to pearl . 
 of course , he had n't even known that risa existed . 
 she was n't surprised . 
 back then she had been a size eighteen , tall and a little too curvy . 
 she was freckled and wore glasses , and kept her long black hair loose around her face . 
 and since she 'd been tending to his grandmother , she 'd worn her usual wardrobe of jeans and a t-shirt . 
 travis jesson , a divinely handsome man , had n't even glanced at her except to inquire about his grandmother 's health . 
 to him , she was a vague , uninteresting piece of equipment at his grandmother 's house . 
 back then he 'd no more strike up a personal conversation with her than he would the toaster . 
 she 'd realized that after blushing and stammering over her words the first time she met him , only to be crushed when he 'd paid her not the slightest bit of attention . 
 and on his next visit , he 'd brought a girlfriend . 
 after that , she learned , his business had blown up . 
 his web innovation company had developed a new piece of coding essential in online networking , and it had been bought for a ridiculous amount of money . 
 travis jesson was no longer just a ceo-he was a billionaire . 
 he 'd turned right around and started developing new technologies . 
 something about tablets or smartpads or something . 
 she did n't know much about it-just that he 'd started another company and his visits to pearl had become less frequent . 
 pearl had noticed his absence , though she 'd never chided him for not having the time to visit . 
 he was successful and driven , and she understood it even if she worried about him . 
 it was n't his fault , she 'd explain , that she was an old lonely woman . 
 he was a busy man and had better things to do than to look in on his grandmother . 
 still , pearl had been depressed , risa had realized . 
 she did n't have anything to look forward to . 
 travis 's parents were terrible at checking in . 
 they called every few months and regaled pearl about all the exciting things they were doing as they sailed around europe in the sailboat travis had bought them . 
 risa had seen pearl sinking into a depression and had been unsure what to do . 
 inspiration had struck at last year 's bluebonnet fall festival . 
 they 'd seen the pet micro pigs for sale there , and pearl had taken one look and fallen in love . 
 risa had , too . 
 the pigs were clean , smart , and adorably funny ; and the cutest piglet came home with them that day . 
 and if he was n't quite as good as visits from her beloved grandson , well , pearl never complained . 
 risa missed pearl . 
 the woman had been employer , friend , and grandmotherly figure all in one . 
 she 'd taken the job with pearl out of necessity , but it had turned into a labor of love as they 'd developed a close friendship . 
 but that chapter of her life was closed , risa supposed . 
 time to pack up and move ahead with her life , which meant returning to the city and looking for a job in her field of expertise-teaching . 
 and that meant no gregory , since her dallas friend had cringed at the idea of a pig in her downtown apartment . 
 watching travis jesson stare down at the pig with his lip curled in disgust , though , it was hard to imagine that they 'd get along like pearl had anticipated . 
 `` he 's a very good pig , '' risa said lamely , hitching her towel closer to her body . 
 how embarrassing that he 'd seen her in her swimsuit and without a stitch of makeup . 
 god . 
 she was worse than invisible right now . 
 he probably thought she was hideous . 
 `` we 're very careful with his diet so he does n't get fat , and he does n't bite . 
 he 's litter trained , too . '' 
 `` what the f ** k am i supposed to do with a pig ? '' 
 his voice was cold and clipped as he pulled a phone out of his pocket . 
 she studied his suit uncomfortably . 
 armani , probably . 
 or versace . 
 or something equally pricey . 
 he did n't look like a man that was here to go through his grandmother 's things . 
 he looked like a man late for a meeting . 
 an uncomfortable sensation curled in her stomach as he punched in a number on his phone with his thumb and then raised it to his ear . 
 `` amy ? 
 have i had any calls ? 
 uh-huh ? 
 good . 
 okay . 
 tell them i 'll call back shortly . 
 i need you to do something . 
 i want you to call every animal shelter in houston and find one that takes pigs . '' 
 risa sucked in a breath . 
 he was n't going to do that to such a sweet pig , was he ? 
 even now , gregory rubbed and leaned against her bare arm , wanting to be scratched . 
 he was such a good , well behaved pet , and so smart . 
 which travis would know , if only he 'd give him a chance . 
 pearl would have been heartbroken at the thought of her beloved pig being turned over to a shelter by her adored grandson . 
 she had to do something . 
 `` that 's right , i said pig , '' he snapped into the phone , ignoring risa as she stood . 
 `` p-i-g . 
 ask how much in donations they 'll need to take one off of my - '' risa snatched the phone from his hand and began to walk away with it . 
 `` hey , '' he called after her , furious . 
 `` what the f ** k are you doing ? '' 
 she walked a bit faster , her steps almost a run as she bolted for the pool . 
 gregory danced in happy circles at her feet , snorting and squealing with excitement . 
 he thought they were playing a game . 
 to her surprise , travis jesson caught her by the waist and her towel fell to the ground . 
 gregory immediately grabbed it and dashed off with it , grunting happily . 
 a big hand wrestled the phone out of her hand , though she did her best to hold on to it . 
 she was standing really close to the pool , too , and when he wrenched it out of her hand , she had to hold on to him to keep her balance . 
 for some reason , though , he was n't letting her go . 
 instead , he stared down at her , at her heaving br ** sts in the black bikini , and she felt exposed and vulnerable hugged up against his gray suit . 
 `` why did you do that ? '' 
 he snarled at her . 
 `` your grandmother would be devastated if you sent her pig to a shelter . 
 she loved that pig . 
 she got it because she was lonely . 
 you would know that if you 'd come to see her in the last year or two . '' 
 he seemed to flinch at her accusatory words . 
 dark eyes stared down at her , a mixture of fury and something else burning in them . 
 she was getting through to him , though . 
 `` pearl wanted you to have that pig . 
 she wanted it so much that she had them add it to her will specifically . 
 not me . 
 you . 
 would you disappoint her like this ? 
 ca n't you give him a chance ? '' 
 travis leaned in and risa 's heart fluttered . 
 her hands were still curled on his shoulders , her heaving br ** sts pressed against his chest . 
 it was almost as if ... he was going to kiss her . 
 forgettable risa moore ? 
 kissed by the most eligible billionaire in texas ? 
 `` mr. jesson ? '' 
 a tinny , thin voice emerged from the phone at the same time gregory gave a playful squeal from the side of the yard . 
 the spell broken , travis released her and put the phone back to his ear , his gaze moving off of risa and staring blankly into the distance . 
 `` just call my driver and tell him that i 'm staying overnight . 
 he can come and get me in the morning . '' 
 risa stepped away to catch the towel that gregory was dragging all over the yard with playful excitement . 
 her mind was in turmoil . 
 travis had n't canceled his plans to drop the pig off at the shelter . 
 but he was staying here . 
 she gathered up the towel and knelt to scratch gregory behind the ears , glancing back at travis . 
 she found his gaze on her , even as he spoke into his phone and discussed business with his assistant . 
 risa shivered . 
 was it anticipation or dread curling in her stomach right now ? 
 * * * after years of working for an elderly woman with health issues , risa was a very light sleeper , attuned to waking up at the slightest hint of noise . 
 so when she heard the low murmur of a man 's voice , she sat up in bed and glanced over at the clock . 
 two in the morning . 
 what exactly was going on ? 
 was travis still working ? 
 she scrubbed at her eyes and tossed the covers aside , getting out of bed . 
 she should n't be so nosy , she knew she should n't , but there was just something about travis jesson that made her toss aside all common sense . 
 pulling on a pair of pajama bottoms over her panties , she straightened the t-shirt she slept in and moved for her door , ignoring the bobbing of her full br ** sts . 
 she should get a bra if she was going to talk to travis . 
 then again , she just wanted to spy on him , and going braless meant that she 'd avoid a midnight confrontation , which was smart if she did n't want to creep the guy out . 
 since it was just spying , braless it was . 
 she carefully opened the door to her room , holding the handle and opening the door slowly so it would n't creak . 
 she began to head down the hall to the guest room where she 'd left travis , only to find the murmur of travis 's voice coming from the opposite end of the house . 
 intrigued , she padded down the hall to the stairs , and peered down from the top of the banister . 
 the kitchen light was on . 
 risa crept down the stairs , heading for the kitchen , her curiosity good and piqued now . 
 she could still hear the low murmur of his voice . 
 a late-night business meeting ? 
 a phone call ? 
 she approached the kitchen doorway and peered in . 
 travis jesson sat on the floor , his back against one of the kitchen cabinets . 
 a half-empty bottle of whiskey sat on the floor next to his hand . 
 a large photo album was cradled in his lap . 
 strangest of all , gregory was lying beside travis , his head on travis 's knee , watching him . 
 as she stood in the shadows , travis took another swig of whiskey and turned the page in the photo album . 
 `` this is me when i was a boy , '' he said , pointing at a picture on the page and staring at the pig snout resting on his knee . 
 `` i had a dog . 
 not a pig . 
 what the f ** k am i supposed to do with a pig ? '' 
 the pig said nothing , of course , only inched closer to his hand , looking to be petted . 
 there was a slight slur to travis 's words , and judging from the amount left in the bottle-a bottle that pearl had saved for special occasions-she knew he 'd been here for some time . 
 and he 'd drank quite a bit . 
 `` risa says i 'm supposed to keep you . '' 
 he leaned his head back against the cabinets , staring at the ceiling . 
 `` grandma wanted me to have you . 
 i 'm not sure she realized how busy i am . 
 i 'm due in tokyo for two weeks at the end of this month . 
 pretty sure japanese hotels do n't like pigs . '' 
 he thumped the back of his head against the cabinet . 
 `` so either way i look at this , i disappoint someone again . 
 if i keep you , i disappoint my business partners because i ca n't go to tokyo with a pig . 
 if i get rid of you , i disappoint my dead grandmother . 
 and risa . '' 
 he shook his head and took another swig from the bottle . 
 well , now , this was interesting . 
 real interesting . 
 who knew that a little whiskey and a conversation with a pig would show that travis jesson had a heart after all ? 
 a smile curved her mouth . 
 `` i should have been here , pig , '' he said softly . 
 `` should have been here to say good-bye . '' 
 sadness made risa 's smile fade . 
 there was a wealth of guilt in his voice . 
 he blamed himself for not coming to see pearl toward the end . 
 not coming to her funeral . 
 the sad thing was-no one blamed him but himself . 
 pearl had thought the sun rose and set on travis . 
 she 'd never blamed him for being busy . 
 risa leaned against the door frame , admiring the odd picture of billionaire and pig . 
 travis 's hair was rumpled as if he 'd been sleeping . 
 his chest was bare , and he wore boxers . 
 nothing more . 
 his chest was broad and sculpted , a light brushing of dark hair on his pectorals . 
 he was tanned , too . 
 tanned and gorgeous and entirely too delicious for someone as plump and frumpy as her . 
 she sighed . 
 it did n't mean he was n't the object of every dirty fantasy she 'd had during the last few years . 
 it just meant that that 's all they were-fantasies . 
 at her sigh , gregory 's head went up and he looked to the doorway . 
 his little skinny tail thumped and twirled rapidly . 
 damn it . 
 travis 's eyes narrowed and he set down the bottle just as he was about to take another swig . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 risa crossed her arms over her chest protectively , wishing she 'd decided on the damn bra , and stepped out of the shadows . 
 `` just me . 
 i heard someone talking . '' 
 her face heated as his gaze skimmed over her figure-the baggy sleep pants , the thin t-shirt . 
 she probably looked like an utter wreck . 
 then again , she thought to herself , so did he . 
 she forced herself to be casual , to move to his side and sit down on the floor next to him , pulling her legs up against her chest . 
 `` ca n't sleep ? '' 
 his mouth curled into a hard smile . 
 `` oh , i can sleep . 
 this pig , however , thought he should sleep with me and that woke me up . '' 
 risa bit her lip to stop the smile from curving her mouth . 
 `` he always slept with pearl . 
 i imagine that he was lonely and figured you 'd do . '' 
 travis snorted and took another swig from the bottle . 
 after a moment 's contemplation , he offered it to her . 
 she took it and tried to imitate his swig . 
 it burned , though , and she began to cough , pressing the back of her hand to her mouth . 
 `` god , that stuff is awful . '' 
 `` nah , '' he said slowly . 
 `` it 's my favorite . 
 grandma always kept a bottle at the house because she knew i liked a whiskey after dinner . '' 
 he stared at the bottle , and his mouth twisted into an ugly expression . 
 `` there was dust on the bottle . 
 she must have been holding it for a long time . '' 
 she said nothing . 
 what could she say ? 
 but he seemed so lost and alone that she reached out and clasped his hand , aching for his sorrow . 
 `` i miss her , too . 
 she was a great lady . 
 and she was ninety-eight , travis . 
 she had a long , full life and she did n't mind that you were busy . '' 
 `` you said she was lonely , '' he said harshly , gesturing at the pig . 
 the pet immediately pushed his snout against travis 's hand , snuffling and begging to be petted . 
 his hand clenched for a moment , and then he laid it atop the pig 's head , scratching the ears . 
 `` she was n't lonely at the end , '' risa told him softly . 
 `` she adored that pig . 
 even when her h * ps hurt and her back ached , she would still take him out for his daily walk . 
 she liked to take care of him . 
 it gave her something to take the loneliness out of the day . 
 i was always here for her , too . 
 she was n't forgotten . '' 
 his gaze rested on the open photo album . 
 `` she said she was worried i worked too much . 
 that money was n't everything . '' 
 `` i seem to recall her saying that at least twice a week to me , as well , '' risa said , her lips quirking in a smile . 
 she moved to pull her hand from his , only his grip tightened over hers . 
 surprised , she met his eyes and found him staring at her with an intensity that seemed entirely too sober . 
 `` you cared for her at the end , when we were n't here , '' he said softly . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 her gaze was drawn to his mouth . 
 hard and firm , with just a hint of stubble surrounding it . 
 just enough to break the cold perfection of his face . 
 `` it was my job , but i loved her , too . 
 i enjoyed living here with her and i miss her every day . '' 
 their clasped hands seemed suddenly intimate . 
 as if he realized what she was thinking , his thumb stroked along the back of her hand in a gesture that made her shiver . 
 she felt her n ** ples harden through her thin shirt , and the flush began to creep back over her cheeks . 
 `` i 'm surprised i did n't remember you , '' he murmured . 
 `` i 'm not , '' risa said , and smiled to take the sting out of her words . 
 `` i worked really hard at being unobtrusive when family was here . '' 
 he grunted , his free hand stroking along the top of gregory 's head . 
 the pig 's straight little tail began to windmill again with excitement and his eyes closed , clearly happy to be getting attention from people . 
 travis stroked his head for a few minutes and sighed heavily . 
 `` i 'm usually traveling three out of four weeks in the month , risa . 
 i ca n't take the pig . '' 
 she swallowed hard because she knew what he was saying made sense , but she did n't want to hear it . 
 she did n't want to think of poor gregory being abandoned by everyone . 
 travis 's thumb was still brushing over her hand , making it difficult for her to concentrate . 
 `` it must be hard , all that travel . 
 hard to keep a relationship . '' 
 the moment the words left her mouth , she wanted the floor to swallow her up . 
 oh god . 
 why had she said that ? 
 the whiskey she 'd chugged was burning in her belly . 
 it was enough to make her skin warm but not enough to make her drunk . 
 it had to be his presence . 
 travis 's dark gaze was speculative as he looked at her . 
 `` no relationship at the moment . '' 
 she nodded-what else could she say ? 
 there was an enormous knot in her throat at the moment . 
 his hand left hers and he turned toward her . 
 risa watched , wide-eyed , as he placed a hand along her jaw and tilted her face toward his . 
 `` i 'm going to kiss you , '' he told her softly . 
 `` been thinking about it all day , and i think i have enough alcohol in me that i wo n't care if you slap me . '' 
 before she could protest that she would n't slap him , his mouth was on hers . 
 hot and wet and tasting of whiskey , his open mouth swooping over her own . 
 startled , she remained frozen underneath him for a moment , only to feel him finish the kiss quickly and then move lower , sucking and biting at her lower lip . 
 coaxing her to respond to him . 
 she moaned low , and he made a pleased sound in response . 
 his hand went to her hip , turning her fully toward him . 
 when she parted her lips , his tongue stroked into her mouth . 
 he tasted warm and sweet , wholly different than that harsh chug of whiskey . 
 his tongue brushed against her own , coaxing and teasing , and she felt an answering pulse of response between her legs . 
 she was instantly wet , lost in this fantasy kiss . 
 he kissed just like a dream . 
 just like every dirty fantasy she 'd ever had about him . 
 and it did n't matter that he was vulnerable and sad tonight and probably just a little drunk . 
 this was a fantasy , right ? 
 tomorrow she 'd get up and drive to dallas and start a new life and forget all about a kiss with a handsome man that was too far out of reach for fat , freckled risa moore . 
 but tonight , she might as well give in to the fantasy . 
 and when his tongue stroked into her mouth again , she rubbed her tongue along his in response , sucking lightly at it as he withdrew from her . 
 travis stared down at her , his eyes glazed with desire . 
 `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 she gave him a wry look . 
 `` that 's the whiskey talking . '' 
 `` i 'd need a lot more whiskey than that to make me drunk , risa . 
 that 's me talking . '' 
 his hand on her hip moved to the bare skin underneath her t-shirt , and he lightly grazed his fingertips over the curve of her belly . 
 `` i 've been thinking about putting my hands on you all day . '' 
 she shivered in response , tilting her head back when he leaned in to nip at her neck , and then her earlobe . 
 her entire being was focused on that hand traveling up her shirt , though , and she sucked in a breath when he cupped one of her large br ** sts , her n ** ples hardening against his palm . 
 `` your br ** sts are amazing , '' he murmured against her neck . 
 `` i want to see them . 
 bury my face in them . 
 suck on your n ** ples for hours . '' 
 a soft whimper escaped her throat . 
 that sounded like heaven . 
 at her whimper , gregory squealed in response , reminding them that the pig was in the kitchen with them still . 
 travis froze and then glanced at the pig , then back at risa . 
 `` do you want to go upstairs ? '' 
 he leaned in and kissed her mouth lightly again , waiting for an answer . 
 she hesitated . 
 if she jumped into bed with him , he 'd think she was easy . 
 then again , what did it matter if he thought she was easy ? 
 she 'd never see him again after tonight . 
 he had nothing tying him to her , nothing to discuss and nothing to hold him there now that his grandmother was gone . 
 she could have her fantasy night of sex tonight and be gone in the morning . 
 each of them would go their separate ways and she 'd have this luscious memory of the time that a delicious , powerful man had wanted someone as boring as herself . 
 `` my room , '' she said softly , and leaned in to kiss him again . 
 `` i have condoms . '' 
 he stood up and held a hand out for her . 
 she placed her hand in his and stood . 
 `` give me a second . '' 
 she moved to the refrigerator and took a large carrot out of the crisper , and then waved it at gregory . 
 `` want a treat ? '' 
 the pig squealed with delight , dancing on little hooves and circling wildly . 
 travis chuckled at the sight , and it filled risa with warmth . 
 maybe he was n't made of ice after all . 
 there was hope for poor gregory yet . 
 she opened the back door and flung the carrot out into the yard , watching the pig make a dash for it . 
 then she shut the door and turned back to travis with a shaky smile . 
 `` the pig is taken care of . '' 
 he was still smiling , and put his hand out for her again , and she placed her hand in his once more . 
 they said nothing as they moved up the creaky steps of the old house and headed for risa 's door . 
 that he knew which room was hers told her that he was rather observant , since she 'd barely mentioned it to him in passing . 
 as soon as they had the door open , he stepped in and took a look around , eyeing her untidy sheets and her clean , neat room . 
 she felt a little embarrassed-that her room was n't sexy or exciting . 
 it was plain and neat and wholesome and not the slightest bit wild , just like her . 
 then he turned back to her and tugged her body against him again . 
 `` kiss me , risa . '' 
 so much for wholesome . 
 this entire idea was n't wholesome in the slightest . 
 she was planning on having a one-night stand with a man who would n't think twice about her in the morning . 
 was she really going to do this ? 
 use him as much as he was using her ? 
 she waited a moment , studied his face . 
 his dark gaze held hers , and she could n't tell what he was thinking . 
 this decision would be entirely hers . 
 she tilted her head back , leaning forward for his kiss . 
 when his tongue stroked into her mouth again , she matched it , just as eager to kiss him as he was to kiss her . 
 he groaned in response and she twined her arms around his neck . 
 his hands slid to her ass and she froze for a moment , hoping he would n't comment on how wide it was . 
 but his hands only rubbed at her skin through her pants , tugging her h * ps closer to him so she could feel his erection . 
 his mouth continued to tease and torment her own , his lips and tongue driving her wild with need . 
 she knew she was wet for him-the ache between her legs was so intense she felt like she might scream from wanting him . 
 `` i want to see you nak * d , '' he told her in a husky voice , tugging at her loose shirt again . 
 `` want to see these gorgeous br ** sts . 
 that bikini you wore earlier was just a tease . '' 
 her bikini ? 
 her serviceable black bikini that was more about holding everything in place than enticing a man ? 
 she laughed at the thought , but stilled when he gave her a curious look . 
 `` nothing , '' she told him , running a hand down the front of his nak * d chest to distract him . 
 he was so warm and delicious . 
 his muscles were rock hard-he must find time in his busy schedule to work out . 
 she liked the results . 
 her hand trailed down his front , to the c * ck tenting his boxers . 
 he was hard and enormous . 
 of course he was . 
 everything about travis jesson was perfect , just like she 'd imagined countless times in her bed , late at night . 
 he tugged at her shirt hem and she raised her arms so he could pull it over her head . 
 risa bit her bottom lip , her n ** ples pebbled hard in the moonlight . 
 her br ** sts were large , the n ** ples tight , but they were n't the perkiest br ** sts . 
 he was probably used to seeing fake , bouncy br ** sts , and this made her feel worse . 
 but he groaned , reaching to cup both of her br ** sts in his hands and admiring the way they overflowed his grasp . 
 `` beautiful . 
 you 're beautiful , risa . '' 
 and that was the stuff of fantasy , right there . 
 she arched into his touch , gasping when his thumbs brushed over the hard peaks , teasing them . 
 he leaned down to take one in his mouth . 
 `` oh god , travis ! '' 
 desire pulsed through her as his teeth scraped over the sensitive bud . 
 she could feel his tongue flick the tip over and over and she moaned . 
 her fingers dug into his hair , holding his head there . 
 her entire body trembled as his thumb continued to brush over her other nipple , the dual sensations driving her mad . 
 `` do you like that ? '' 
 he whispered against her skin , brushing kisses over the globe of her breast before turning to give attention to her other . 
 `` i 've never felt anything so good , '' she said softly . 
 `` i want to kiss you all over , '' he said , licking the top of her other breast . 
 `` see where all these freckles go . '' 
 she shivered at the thought , and her hands went to the waistband of her sleep pants . 
 she tossed them to the ground , quickly followed by her panties , and then she was nak * d. with travis jesson , her fantasy man . 
 he stepped out of his boxers in the next moment , kicking them to the ground , and he pushed her gently to the bed . 
 she felt the head of his c * ck brushing against her thighs , the crown slick with pr ** um . 
 her fingers trailed over it and he hissed in response . 
 `` not yet , '' he told her . 
 `` i want to touch you , first . 
 make you come . 
 i want you moaning and wild when i sink into you . '' 
 the breath stole from her throat at that mental image . 
 `` i want that , too . '' 
 `` then lay back , risa , and let me explore you . '' 
 she lay back on the bed , ignoring the way her br ** sts bounced as she did , but she noticed his gaze was riveted there . 
 he leaned in and kissed the tip of each one again , sending new shock waves of pleasure rippling through her body . 
 she moaned , reaching for him . 
 he clasped both of her hands in one of his and reared back , studying her body . 
 `` you 're so soft and beautiful , risa . '' 
 the fingers of his free hand brushed over her belly button . 
 `` you 're not as freckled here . '' 
 `` not much sun hits there . '' 
 `` i think you 'd be gorgeous on a nude beach , '' he said softly . 
 `` i 'd love to see every inch of this skin kissed by the sun and freckled . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` i do n't think anyone wants to see me on a nude beach , sorry . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` do you not realize how sexy you are ? '' 
 travis bent over her and kissed her belly button , then lightly traced his tongue over the small indentation . 
 `` the curve of your belly is delicious . 
 makes me want to sink my c * ck deep inside you . '' 
 his hand moved lower , caressing the curls of her p ** sy . 
 `` are you freckled here ? '' 
 the whimper in her throat caught . 
 `` i-i do n't know . '' 
 `` i want to find out , '' he said , bending low . 
 `` spread your legs for me . '' 
 biting her lip , she hesitated a moment , then spread her legs a bit . 
 his hand was immediately there , releasing hers to push her thighs apart . 
 before she could protest , he leaned in and licked her long , slow , and deep . 
 risa cried out . 
 `` travis ! '' 
 he groaned against her p ** sy . 
 `` you taste so sweet . 
 i could lick you for hours . '' 
 quiver after quiver of desire raced through her body . 
 she felt his breath on her most intimate flesh , felt his tongue sweep over the wet folds again , then circle her cl * t with the tip of his tongue . 
 pleasure began to build inside her body and her thighs clenched , her body tensing . 
 `` travis , i ... '' he lifted his head , looking up at her with hot , dark eyes . 
 `` you want me to stop ? '' 
 she stared at him , at his beautiful face , his mouth wet from tasting her . 
 she did n't want him to stop . 
 even if this was madness , she wanted it . 
 her fingers stroked along his cheeks , then moved to his hair , and then she pushed his head back toward her thighs . 
 `` good , '' he said roughly , his voice a low growl . 
 `` i want to see you come . '' 
 the moan that had been building in her throat escaped again , and risa clung to his head as his tongue stroked over her cl * t again , teasing it with back-and-forth and then circular motions . 
 one of his fingers slid along her wet folds , and she tensed as it suddenly thrust deep into her p ** sy . 
 it was too much , too quick , and she was going to come too soon . 
 she wanted to enjoy every moment of this , to savor being in his arms . 
 but then he thrust his finger inside her again , at the same time that his tormenting tongue pressed against her clit , and she came with a sobbing gasp , her h * ps undulating as she held his face to her sex , riding the waves of her orgasm . 
 he continued to lick and suck at her flesh , drawing out her pleasure until she 'd relaxed , limp , back in her bed , her fingers still stroking through his hair , aftershocks making her legs tremble . 
 that had been the single best orgasm she 'd ever had . 
 period . 
 this was definitely going to be a fantasy that would be replayed in her head , over and over again , for the rest of her life . 
 travis leaned up on his knees , looming over her sprawled thighs . 
 he gave her a possessive look and then leaned in to press a few kisses on her br ** sts . 
 `` love these . 
 you have some of the most amazing br ** sts i 've ever seen . '' 
 she flushed with pleasure at his compliment , feeling herself preening mentally . 
 how nice to sleep with a man that actually enjoyed her fuller curves , rather than suggesting a breast reduction . 
 he glanced around her room , his gaze moving to the dresser nearby . 
 `` condoms ? '' 
 of course . 
 she rolled to the side of the bed and slid open her nightstand drawer , pulling out a condom and handing it to him . 
 her shyness was gone , her excitement building again . 
 she could n't wait to have this gorgeous man between her thighs , seated deep inside her , pounding into her . 
 just the thought made her body tense with anticipation all over again . 
 she watched him as he tore open the condom and rolled it down his length . 
 god , he was beautiful . 
 surely the most beautiful man she 'd ever seen . 
 even his c * ck seemed perfect for her . 
 she wanted to tell him this , but all she could do was reach out and trace her fingers lightly over his skin , words failing her . 
 he did n't want to hear her talk , after all . 
 he just wanted comfort sex . 
 she had to keep that in mind . 
 with the condom on , he glanced back over to risa and gave her a slow , sultry smile that made her heart pound . 
 travis leaned over and kissed her even as his hand pressed her thighs wide apart again . 
 she spread her legs , her gaze riveted to his body in the pale moonlight of her room . 
 his hand shifted between them , and she felt the head of his c * ck rub through her slick folds , teasing her . 
 then , he was poised at the entrance of her core , and he sank deep . 
 risa cried out at the sensation , wrapping her arms around his neck . 
 she had n't had sex in a while and the sensation was deliciously tight , and he seemed to fill her completely . 
 wonder spread through her at the feel of his body between her legs , and his c * ck sank deep inside her . 
 this was perfection . 
 travis gave her another kiss , this one rougher , and began to thrust , his strokes sure and rapid . 
 helpless to fight the tide of pleasure , risa clung to him , raising her h * ps to meet each of his movements in a rough rocking motion that carried both of them forward . 
 over and over he drove into her , each thrust making her desire build anew , until she was crying out with pleasure , her p ** sy clenching tight around him . 
 and still he stroked into her , as if he had control of iron and was determined to drive her wild . 
 her nails dug into his back , and then her hands slid to his buttocks , driving him harder into her . 
 she needed more from him . 
 needed this intensity to spiral out of control and take her with it . 
 it was so good that she did n't want it to ever end-and yet she wanted to shatter in that moment . 
 `` oh god , travis , you 're incredible , '' she blurted , and then immediately felt embarrassed that she 'd said something so clearly adoring . 
 he simply groaned and leaned in , biting at her lip . 
 `` risa . 
 sweet risa . '' 
 her name on his lips sent a shiver of pleasure through her , and she tightened her thighs around him , driving him deeper into her with each thrust . 
 `` travis , '' she breathed again , tasting his name on the next thrust . 
 as if sensing what she needed , he leaned closer still and murmured her name back to her . 
 `` risa . '' 
 it was that throaty whisper of her name that made every muscle in her body tense , made her p ** sy clench , and made the orgasm jolt through her body again , driving her back to the brink for the second time that night . 
 travis growled her name one more time and his thrusts grew jerky , wild , and then he sank over her , his own pleasure sated . 
 the room grew really , really quiet . 
 risa lay in the darkness , afraid to move . 
 he lay on top of her body , his skin damp with exertion , his chest mashing her br ** sts into twin pancakes . 
 his weight was constricting her breathing , but he felt so incredible that she did n't want to complain . 
 she wanted him to stay in her arms forever . 
 but then he rolled to the side and got up , disposing of the condom , and the moment was gone . 
 she lay in the bed , staring up at the ceiling , almost afraid to wonder what came next . 
 a quick thank-you and then shuffling back to his room ? 
 getting himself another drink in the hopes of forgetting that he 'd shared a quick pity f ** k with his grandmother 's unattractive assistant ? 
 to her surprise , she felt the bed dip and his big form move back into bed next to her . 
 his arms wrapped around her from behind and tugged her close to him . 
 he was ... snuggling . 
 before she could think of this with wonder , he was asleep and lightly snoring in her ear . 
 risa smiled and wrapped her hand around his . 
 because , somehow , that was okay , too . 
 it made this fantasy seem just a little bit real . 
 that travis jesson , sex god and billionaire , was just a little bit human , and snored when he drank . 
 for some reason , she liked seeing that he was n't perfect . 
 it brought him closer to her level . 
 just a touch . 
 * * * when travis awoke the next morning , he was in a strange bed with a curvy , plump bottom nestled against him . 
 his morning wood turned into a full-blown erection . 
 the woman curled up against him sighed in her sleep and wiggled just a little closer , brushing her ass against his c * ck again . 
 sleepiness fell away , along with the morning fog . 
 he 'd slept with risa , his grandmother 's assistant . 
 he could blame it on the alcohol , but the truth of the matter was that he had n't been drunk enough to lose his senses . 
 he 'd simply wanted her in his bed . 
 the alcohol was merely an excuse . 
 of course , she was still in bed with him . 
 he saw no reason why he should n't take advantage of that . 
 he skimmed an exploring hand over the curve of her hip . 
 more generous than the last few women he 'd dated , but he liked that . 
 she was soft and pleasant to touch , her pale skin dappled with freckles . 
 she was nak * d next to him , too . 
 he liked that as well . 
 travis slid a hand over her rounded belly , and then cupped her p ** sy . 
 she moaned , pressing back against him harder , and he had to bite back a moan of his own . 
 so deliciously responsive . 
 a man could get used to that . 
 suddenly , she rolled over , her eyes flying open to look at him . 
 he paused , his hand not moving from her sex . 
 looked down at her . 
 waited to see what she wanted . 
 if she wanted him to get off of her , he would . 
 if she wanted him to keep touching her , he 'd definitely do that . 
 her blue eyes went soft at the sight of him against her , and her gaze went to his mouth . 
 her fingers reached up and brushed his jaw , where his five o'clock shadow grew . 
 `` god , you 're sexy in the morning . '' 
 that was n't a no . 
 excellent . 
 he leaned over to kiss her neck and she shivered , her hand sliding up to dig her fingers into his rumpled hair . 
 her h * ps lifted as his fingers slipped between the folds of her p ** sy and began to stroke her . 
 within moments , she was whimpering low in her throat , her flesh wet with need against his hand . 
 good , because he was n't going to last long . 
 travis grabbed a condom from her dresser drawer , put it on , and then tugged her h * ps back against him . 
 her ass was full and round , and for some reason that was exciting to him . 
 he liked the feel of it against him . 
 he lifted one of her thighs , murmuring encouragement to her , and then thrust into her from behind . 
 she arched back against him , crying out . 
 her h * ps bucked with his next thrust , pushing back . 
 he let his fingers glide over her cl * t even as he thrust again , wanting to bring her along with him . 
 he pumped into her with another quick stroke , rubbing her cl * t harder . 
 her mouth fell open , her eyes closed as she rocked her h * ps in response , her hand covering his as if to drag him away from her . 
 to his surprise , she was n't stopping him from rubbing her clit . 
 instead , she grasped his hand and pushed his fingers against her flesh , hard , rubbing with a ferocity that he would n't have thought to use . 
 it made him wild . 
 he bit her neck , then her shoulder , even as he rubbed and pushed harder against her sensitive flesh . 
 she was sucking in small breaths now , her throat catching with every rough stroke of his fingers , every forceful stab of his cock . 
 he could feel her muscles tensing against him as she rocked , her movements becoming erratic . 
 her p ** sy began to clench around him , quivering with her orgasm . 
 she made a strangled little sound in her throat that was about the sexiest damn thing he 'd ever heard , and that pushed him over the edge . 
 he bit down on her shoulder again , teeth locked into her soft flesh as he came , pumping into her . 
 when he could breathe again , he lifted his head and kissed the bite mark he 'd left on her shoulder . 
 she was looking at him with a dazed , sleepy gaze that was almost ... adoring . 
 then she glanced over at the alarm clock . 
 her mouth lifted in a sad smile . 
 `` nine a.m. i guess you should get going soon ? 
 you 're probably busy . '' 
 travis frowned . 
 he was supposed to be busy today , yes . 
 he was pretty sure there was a business meeting in about a half hour that he was going to end up missing . 
 he did n't care . 
 he did n't feel like going anywhere right at the moment . 
 `` why ? 
 you trying to get rid of me ? '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` no , not at all . 
 i just did n't want you to feel ... obligated to stick around . '' 
 she bit her lip and tugged at the sheet , sliding away from him . 
 `` i should shower . 
 gregory 's going to need a walk before you leave with him . '' 
 she looked terribly sad . 
 he wanted to tell her to keep the damn pig , but the words stuck in his throat . 
 she could n't . 
 and his grandmother had wanted him to have the thing . 
 she wrapped the sheet around her voluptuous body and turned away without giving him a backward look . 
 he heard the boards creak in the old house as she headed down the hall to the bathroom , heard the shower start . 
 he lay back in bed , head on her soft pillows , staring at the ceiling . 
 he would n't see her again after today . 
 there 'd be no reason to . 
 she 'd be starting a new life in dallas , and he 'd return to his meetings , business trips , and endless emails . 
 his grandmother 's house would sit empty and forgotten until his parents returned from their sailing trip . 
 everyone would go their separate ways . 
 as they should . 
 but for some reason , he kept thinking of risa 's soft smile . 
 the way her eyes lit up with pleasure . 
 the delicate spatter of freckles on her hips . 
 the plump ass pushing up against him as he 'd slept . 
 the way she 'd grabbed his hand and showed him exactly what she wanted . 
 that was risa in a nutshell-soft and sweet and laughing , but determined to get what she wanted . 
 that was what had made her such a good caretaker for his grandmother . 
 she was kind and thoughtful , with a core of steel . 
 hell , she no longer even asked him if he wanted the pig . 
 she just assumed he was taking it with him . 
 he liked that about risa . 
 she intrigued him , and she was sexy , and she was incredibly stubborn . 
 one night was n't going to be enough time with her , he knew . 
 he wanted more time to explore her body . 
 to take her a hundred different ways and see her reactions . 
 to see what other things she 'd be demanding about . 
 he needed to find a way to keep her close to him for a little while longer yet . 
 until he got her out of his system . 
 a brilliant idea formed in his mind . 
 * * * when risa got out of the shower , travis was no longer in her bed . 
 she ignored the momentary twinge of disappointment at that and got dressed . 
 she could hear him in the kitchen , dishes clinking , and heard a small piggy squeal that told her that he 'd let gregory in from outside . 
 good-maybe they were bonding . 
 maybe this would n't be as painful for all parties involved as she had thought . 
 the moment she walked into the kitchen , though , that thought flew out the window . 
 to her horror , one of the casserole dishes of leftovers had been taken out of the fridge and set on the floor for gregory to eat . 
 the pig wolfed the noodles down , his little tail pinwheeling with excitement . 
 at the nearby dining table , travis had a cup of coffee and was checking messages on his blackberry . 
 she raced to the pan , sliding it away from the pig . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 you ca n't feed a pig tuna casserole ! '' 
 travis glanced over at her , then down at the pig , his brows wrinkling together . 
 `` he was eating it . '' 
 `` he 's not supposed to eat it , '' she cried , dumping the food into the garbage . 
 `` you ca n't give him people food . 
 he 'll get sick . 
 and fat . '' 
 she shook her head at travis , dismayed . 
 `` your gran and i were always very careful with his diet . '' 
 `` i know the gross profit margins of thirteen different competing companies , risa . 
 i can do extremely complicated macros in spreadsheets to calculate financial data . 
 i can persuade investors to purchase technology they 're certain will fail . '' 
 he glanced up from his blackberry to look over at her . 
 `` i do n't know how to feed a pig . '' 
 risa said nothing for a moment , an unhappy knot sinking into her stomach . 
 he was right . 
 he did n't know how to feed a pig , and he was going to take gregory away before he had a chance to learn . 
 the pig was used to very specific meals and she worried about his health if travis just fed him whatever . 
 `` if you have an extra hour or two , we can go over his care - '' `` i do n't have an extra hour or two , '' travis said . 
 she bit her lip , thinking hard . 
 `` i can e-mail you instructions - '' `` no , '' he said firmly , then put his blackberry aside . 
 he stood up and moved toward her , stepping carefully around the pig still staring up at risa with hopeful eyes . 
 `` i want you to come with me . '' 
 huh ? 
 risa blinked . 
 `` come again ? '' 
 `` i will pay you to come with me to houston , '' he said slowly , his face utterly serious , no hint of a smile touching his mouth . 
 `` it does n't have to be long . 
 a week . 
 two , max . 
 you come with me , move in to my apartment . 
 show me how to care for the pig . 
 and then you leave . '' 
 and then you leave . 
 so cut and dry . 
 so simple . 
 so businesslike . 
 what they 'd done last night was anything but businesslike . 
 could she be around him if all he wanted was a live-in pig maid ? 
 why did that hurt her heart so much ? 
 she shook her head . 
 `` my friends are expecting me in dallas . '' 
 he glanced back down at his blackberry again , typing . 
 `` do you have a job there ? '' 
 she swallowed . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` i 'll pay you twenty grand for two weeks of your time . '' 
 her jaw dropped . 
 at her silence , he glanced up again . 
 `` thirty ? '' 
 `` thirty 's good , '' she squeaked . 
 `` just to show you how to care for a pig ? '' 
 a slow , devastating smile suddenly curved his hard mouth . 
 `` i 'd be lying if i said i only had the pig in mind . '' 
 a warm flush heated her cheeks . 
 she bit her lip , not wanting to giggle like a schoolgirl . 
 or seem too eager . 
 instead , she pointed out , `` this is sounding awfully a lot like a pretty woman arrangement . 
 i do n't know if i approve . '' 
 `` it 's just for two weeks , '' he told her . 
 `` and if you want it to be purely business , it can be . '' 
 his tone grew crisp and efficient . 
 oh no . 
 he was retreating to businessman mode . 
 she 'd screwed this up . 
 her dream man was asking her to spend two weeks with him for a crazy amount of money , and here she was messing it up . 
 risa suddenly pushed forward and brushed aside his blackberry . 
 before he could comment on that , she wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a hard , fierce kiss . 
 his tongue gave hers a possessive stroke in response before she broke the kiss , letting her know that he was very much interested in her . 
 `` i want this to be more than business , '' she told him . 
 `` do n't misunderstand me . '' 
 and that smile curved his mouth again . 
 `` good . '' 
 * * * with her bags packed , risa harnessed gregory and clipped on his leash , determined to take him for one last walk before they left bluebonnet behind for houston . 
 her motive was n't entirely altruistic , of course . 
 she needed time to gather her thoughts and clear her mind . 
 being around travis was heady , and she wanted to make sure she just was n't intoxicated with her fantasy of him . 
 gregory was excited about the walk , prancing and snorting down the sidewalk . 
 risa deliberately ignored the sleek , black sedan in the driveway-she did n't want to gawk at it like a rube-as they left the old victorian house and turned down the street . 
 pearl had lived two blocks away from main street in tiny bluebonnet , and that was their destination today . 
 risa had a few people she wanted to say good-bye to ... and to talk with . 
 just in case she was losing her mind . 
 after all , not every woman was offered thirty thousand dollars for two weeks of simply taking care of a pig . 
 was she crazy to jump on it ? 
 would n't she be crazy not to ? 
 the pig 's hooves clicked on the sidewalk , his little tail swishing , and she smiled at the sight of him . 
 he was such a good pig . 
 well mannered , smart , not a biter . 
 she was glad she was going to get to spend a little more time with him and his new owner . 
 she wanted travis to love gregory as much as she did , and as much as pearl had . 
 how could you not love such a sweet animal ? 
 lost in thought , risa waved a greeting to passersby as they strolled down the street . 
 gregory was well known to people in these parts , and she smiled politely when children would come up to pet him , as they always did . 
 everyone loved seeing the spotted pink and gray pig , and it just further reinforced her decision . 
 she 'd go to houston and make sure that travis did n't abandon gregory as soon as her back was turned . 
 if he needed two weeks to fall in love with the pig , by golly , she 'd make it happen . 
 then , when she left them behind , she could be confident that both would be happy with their new circumstance . 
 she owed pearl 's memory no less . 
 as she passed by the only hair salon in bluebonnet , she paused thoughtfully , looking into the glass at her reflection . 
 her hair was a tumble around her head , her eyebrows were dark , unsculpted slashes . 
 she looked down at her nails , noticing they were ragged from where she 'd been biting them during the past week due to anxiety over her situation . 
 inside the salon , a hand waved and the door clanged open a moment later . 
 a tall , perfectly made-up blonde in a pale tank top and matching white capris tucked a magazine under her arm . 
 `` hey , honey , '' beth ann cried out . 
 `` i was wondering if we were going to see you before you left us for dallas ! '' 
 risa hugged her friend on the sidewalk , gesturing at the pig . 
 `` i was giving gregory here a walk before i leave . 
 he does n't travel well . '' 
 beth ann gave a little hop , her heeled sandals clicking on the pavement . 
 `` oh mercy , did you meet that billionaire pearl said was her nephew ? 
 was he gorgeous ? '' 
 risa bit her lip . 
 `` yes and yes . 
 can we talk for a sec ? '' 
 `` of course , honey ! '' 
 beth ann tugged the door to her small salon back open and gestured for risa to enter . 
 `` come on in . 
 i can put out a bowl of water for your piggy . 
 does he like cheese and crackers ? 
 celery ? 
 i 've got a few things in the mini fridge . '' 
 `` celery , '' risa said , slipping inside into the cool air-conditioning . 
 the day was n't hot yet , but it was definitely going to be a muggy one . 
 `` no one here this morning ? '' 
 `` i have a ten a.m. , '' beth ann said , flipping the lock on the door and then turning around her closed sign before heading to the back of the salon . 
 risa heard the blonde rooting about in the fridge , then watched her pull out a small bowl and pour a water bottle into it . 
 `` which gives us plenty of time to chat . 
 have a seat . '' 
 she gestured at the salon chair . 
 `` want me to do your nails ? 
 eyebrows ? '' 
 `` yes to both ? '' 
 risa said with a faint smile , dropping gregory 's leash . 
 the pig immediately ran for the bowl and began to drink in noisy gulps . 
 risa took the empty chair at beth ann 's nail station and sat . 
 `` both , hmm ? '' 
 beth ann gave her a knowing look . 
 `` this billionaire must be cute . 
 he single ? '' 
 `` i sure hope so , '' risa said , and grimaced . 
 `` considering i slept with him last night . '' 
 beth ann gave her a wide-eyed look . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 risa explained as much as she could about the situation-how she 'd had such a crush on him for so very long . 
 how he 'd been lonely and staring at her with his hot eyes . 
 how he 'd been a little drunk and vulnerable and she 'd more or less jumped him . 
 `` and i do n't regret it . 
 should n't i regret it ? '' 
 `` not if he 's hot , '' beth ann said in a practical voice , plugging in the wax heater and then setting a timer . 
 `` does he like gregory ? '' 
 `` not really , '' risa said . 
 at her friend 's dismayed look , she rushed on , `` he says he 's too busy to take care of a pig . 
 he did n't know it was a pig , either . 
 he thought it was a dog . 
 i was sitting right there when he tried to call a shelter to come and pick him up . 
 you know that would have killed pearl . '' 
 she twisted her hands in her lap , and then admitted the rest . 
 `` this morning , he offered me thirty grand if i 'd go live with him for the next few weeks and show him how to take care of gregory . '' 
 beth ann said nothing for a long moment , and then leaned over to stir the heating wax . 
 `` mmmhmmm . '' 
 risa could n't tell if that was a good mhmm or a bad mhmm . 
 so she continued , `` and i think i 'm going to do it . 
 i do n't have to be in dallas right away , not really . 
 and it 'd be good to show him how to love and care for gregory . 
 i know that if he has some time with him , he 'll get attached . 
 it 's impossible not to love gregory . 
 and someone 's got to do the job . 
 did you know he tried to feed the poor thing tuna casserole this morning ? '' 
 `` mmmhmmm . '' 
 beth ann walked to the shelf of nail polishes and picked up a bottle of pale pink , then began to shake it . 
 `` so what do you think ? '' 
 the blonde paused in her nail-polish shaking . 
 `` you 're asking my opinion ? 
 why ? '' 
 risa twisted her hands . 
 `` you do n't think this is dangerously close to ... you know ... hooking ? '' 
 beth ann laughed . 
 `` did he offer you thirty grand to sleep with him ? '' 
 `` well , no . 
 but i 'm going to sleep with him anyhow . '' 
 `` then it 's not hooking , '' she said bluntly . 
 `` it 's a case of him being really hot and needing a service you provide . 
 do n't look at it like hooking . 
 look at it like , i do n't know . 
 pig nannying . '' 
 risa gave a skeptical snort . 
 `` that 's a damn expensive nanny . '' 
 `` hey , if you want a specialist , sometimes you have to fork out a little more than you 'd expect . '' 
 beth ann 's eyes twinkled with amusement . 
 `` it sounds good to me , honey . 
 thirty grand would set you on your feet when you go to dallas . 
 in the meantime , you can have your cake and eat it , too . '' 
 with that , risa began to feel better . 
 she smiled at her friend . 
 `` so you do n't think i 'm selling myself too cheap ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 with a mischievous grin , beth ann picked up a nail file and then risa 's hand . 
 `` you tell that handsome , rich man that you know the best hairdresser in town , and she 's willing to be bought , too . '' 
 risa laughed . 
 * * * the drive to houston was more uneventful than risa had expected . 
 gregory was n't a good traveler-though the pig was good natured and easygoing most of the time , he did n't like being inside a car . 
 he squealed with fright and huddled at risa 's feet for the entire drive , and the driver cast her annoyed looks in the rearview mirror time and time again as she tried in vain to calm the pig down . 
 travis had n't said a thing , though . 
 he 'd been on his blackberry the entire time . 
 she was n't sure what to make of that . 
 surely one man could n't have that much work , could he ? 
 he had people he could delegate to . 
 he could at least chat with her , make her feel a bit easier about her decision . 
 but he had n't . 
 he 'd only laid a possessive hand on her knee and continued to text and answer e-mails with his other hand , and they drove to houston in silence . 
 well , except for the squeals of the pig . 
 when they 'd hit the outskirts of houston , she began wondering what area of town travis lived in . 
 when they headed downtown , her stomach began to sink . 
 as they headed into the arts district and pulled up to the door of a large , posh apartment building , her stomach twisted into a knot . 
 this building was ... ridiculous . 
 it was clearly a high-rise intended to cater to the houston elite . 
 there was even a doorman who rushed forward to get the car door for her . 
 he paused at the sight of gregory , but recovered quickly , gesturing for her to exit the car . 
 she did so , biting her lip and holding gregory 's leash tightly . 
 a moment later , travis was at her side . 
 `` are you sure this place takes pets ? '' 
 she asked in a worried voice , staring at the sculpted bushes in front of the glass doors . 
 `` they will , '' travis said , putting a hand at her back to lead her forward . 
 but risa could n't fight her misgivings . 
 when gregory 's little hooves clacked against the marble floors as they moved through the lobby , she winced . 
 when people passed by and gave them frowning stares , she quailed a bit internally . 
 she glanced over at travis , but he was still occupied with his blackberry , even as his hand on her back steered her toward the elevator . 
 they went up to the top floor , and at the door at the end of the hall , travis pulled out a key card and ran it through . 
 the door opened with an electronic beep , and he gestured for her to follow him in . 
 his apartment looked like a showplace , and the nervousness in her stomach grew . 
 cherry hardwood floors gleamed under a white throw rug . 
 his couches were white leather , the coffee table a delicate glass confection . 
 the far wall was entirely windows , showcasing the houston skyline . 
 expensive abstract art hung from the walls . 
 the place looked as if it had never seen a fingerprint or a smudge or a speck of dirt . 
 and here she 'd brought in a pig . 
 and while gregory was clean , he , like any other animal , had a litter box . 
 and he was bound to spill something at some point . 
 heck , she was bound to spill something . 
 he 'd told her that his life did n't allow for a pet and she 'd blithely waved that off as something he was just rebelling against . 
 but the more she saw , the more uncomfortable she felt . 
 gregory did n't belong in this man 's life any more than she did . 
 clutching the leash , she turned to give travis a wary smile . 
 `` so ... what are your plans for today ? '' 
 he pulled out the blackberry again and she wanted to grit her teeth . 
 he studied the screen , and then clicked a button . 
 `` i have three meetings . '' 
 `` it 's saturday . '' 
 he glanced at her , his blank look indicating that she was clearly talking nonsense . 
 `` business does n't stop on the weekend . '' 
 well , it should , she thought , but said nothing . 
 `` i need to make sure that gregory has the proper food . 
 is there a supermarket nearby ? 
 and a feed store ? '' 
 he wrote down a phone number and handed it to her . 
 `` call my assistant . 
 she can get whatever you need . '' 
 `` i can do it . '' 
 again , he gave her a blank look . 
 `` she 's my assistant . 
 it 's her job to do these things . '' 
 risa gritted her teeth . 
 * * * she spent the day bored as travis continued to work . 
 now that he was back in his apartment , he was on the phone constantly , flipping between that and his computer , watching a powerpoint in a remote meeting presentation , or brokering some sort of consultancy deal , or a jillion other things she could n't follow . 
 the man was a workaholic . 
 for her part , she played with gregory , flipped through a magazine , and then watched some mindless tv . 
 she 'd called travis 's assistant with her grocery list and the woman promised to bring it by in a few hours . 
 with the sun close to setting and travis still hard at work , she put gregory 's leash back on and took him for a walk . 
 this part of houston was lovely enough , as wealth could buy manicured lawns and perfect nearby walking parks . 
 gregory enjoyed the excursion , seemingly none the worse despite his harrowing car ride . 
 but risa was feeling unsettled . 
 travis had encouraged her to stay with him . 
 he was paying her an exorbitant amount . 
 did n't he want to spend time with her ? 
 with gregory , she amended , ashamed at her own thoughts . 
 of course this was for gregory . 
 was n't it ? 
 she returned to the apartment , still rather out of sorts about things . 
 while she 'd been gone , the food had been left in grocery bags on the counter , and she put it away in his nearly empty fridge , studying the contents : a few old takeout boxes , some beer and wine and a few bottles of water . 
 she shook her head at the sight and turned to feed gregory . 
 while the pig liked carrots and fresh vegetables , she was careful with his diet and mostly fed him pig feed . 
 she was hungry , too , so she dug through the bags for the snacks she 'd requested . 
 finding crackers and cheese , she sat down on one of the stools at the bar in his immaculate kitchen and ate . 
 some time later , he padded into the kitchen behind her , and leaned in and kissed her neck . 
 `` want to go out and grab some dinner ? '' 
 she glanced at the clock and saw it was almost nine at night . 
 she was a little irritated at him . 
 he 'd worked all day , ignoring them . 
 `` now ? '' 
 `` now , '' he agreed . 
 `` i 'm finished for the day . '' 
 how thoughtful , she thought dryly . 
 `` it 's kind of late and i 'm not sure we should leave gregory unattended . 
 when he 's scared , he chews on things . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 he leaned in and kissed her neck again . 
 his hand ran down her arm , caressing her . 
 `` i ignored you , did n't i ? 
 i 'm sorry . 
 you must be starving . 
 pizza ? '' 
 she caved a little at that . 
 he was n't used to having someone around all day . 
 `` pizza 's fine . 
 thank you . '' 
 travis continued to nip at her neck , brushing aside her hair . 
 he texted something into his phone , and then set it down , wrapping his arms around her waist . 
 `` my assistant will be by with one in about a half hour . '' 
 risa was beginning to feel sorry for his assistant . 
 `` all right . '' 
 he tugged on her shirt , untucking it from her waistband . 
 `` that gives us plenty of time for a little privacy . 
 come into the living room with me . '' 
 she only hesitated for a moment , then slid down from the stool . 
 he linked her hand in his and led her back into the living room . 
 he sat down on the couch and then tugged her down until she straddled him on the couch . 
 `` much better , '' he said , running a hand down her back . 
 uncomfortable , risa felt tense and awkward in his embrace . 
 her weight was pressing down on his thighs , and the last thing she wanted was to crush him . 
 `` am i too heavy ? '' 
 he shook his head , kissed the soft bend in her arm . 
 `` i like you the way you are . 
 soft and delicious in my arms . '' 
 `` you can melt a girl with your words . '' 
 his eyes gleamed wickedly , and she forgot all about how he 'd worked all day long and ignored her . 
 `` good . '' 
 risa leaned in to kiss him , her arms wrapped around his neck , her br ** sts pressed against his chest . 
 she could feel his erection pushing up against the cradle of her sex . 
 his hand moved between them , fingers brushing against her nipple , and she gasped against his mouth . 
 `` been waiting all day to touch you again , '' he said softly , his thumb moving back and forth against her nipple , hardening it to an aching peak . 
 `` could n't wait to pull you in my arms again . 
 i kept getting distracted during my meetings . '' 
 he 'd noticed her ? 
 even when she 'd thought he was busy ? 
 she was going to have to prance around the apartment in nothing but her panties next time , then . 
 she kissed him to let him know how pleased that made her , and was rewarded with a tiny thrust of his hips , forcing that hard length against her core . 
 pleasure rocked through her and she rolled her h * ps against him , eliciting a groan from him . 
 `` take your shirt off , '' he told her , sliding his hand under her clothing to caress her belly . 
 she lifted her arms and dragged her shirt over her head , tossing it aside . 
 his mouth latched on to her nipple through her bra , tugging at the peak and she moaned , her fingers digging into his hair . 
 oh god . 
 she wanted more of his mouth , more of him . 
 she needed him deep inside her again . 
 she ached to have him seated deep . 
 he dragged his teeth over her nipple , then rolled his tongue against it , leaving the lace of her bra wet from his ministrations . 
 he turned to her other breast , using his mouth on her nipple as he teased the other with his fingers . 
 she thought she 'd go mad from how good it felt , and could n't stop rocking over his cock , the small movements as involuntary as the passionate whimpers that escaped her throat . 
 after a moment , he lifted his head . 
 `` condoms . '' 
 risa nodded and rolled to the side of him , sitting on the couch in a daze , still in her bra and her jeans . 
 he leaned over and pressed another hard kiss to her mouth . 
 `` get nak * d for me while i grab one . '' 
 another burst of pleasure shot low in her belly at his command , and she nodded . 
 while he left the room , she unhooked her bra and discarded it , then shimmied out of her jeans . 
 she was just about to step out of her panties when she remembered . 
 his assistant was going to be here soon with the pizza . 
 alarmed , she grabbed her shirt just as he returned , nak * d except for his boxers . 
 he immediately returned to her side and began to run his hands along her body , teasing her nak * d br ** sts , sliding down her belly , and dipping into the slick lips of her p ** sy . 
 she almost dropped her shirt , her knees went so weak . 
 `` but what about your assistant ? '' 
 travis circled her cl * t lightly , holding her body against him . 
 `` she wo n't come in . 
 she 'll just ring the doorbell and leave it for us . 
 get back down on the couch for me . '' 
 `` it 's leather , '' she protested . 
 he shrugged , and then tugged her down to the floor , onto the thick white rug . 
 well , hell , she could n't argue with that . 
 risa slid to her knees , and when he removed his boxers and began to roll on the condom , she lay back on the plush rug and just admired the sight of him , looming over her , his c * ck hard and ready for her . 
 god , he was magnificent . 
 she was in way over her head , and she absolutely did not care . 
 travis moved over her , tugging her legs apart . 
 she gladly spread her legs for him , raising her h * ps in a suggestion of what she wanted . 
 and then he was on top of her , kissing her , and his c * ck sank deep inside her in a sudden move that made her gasp with pleasure . 
 he stroked inside her , hard , and she clung to his neck , surprised at his ferocity . 
 surprised ... and turned on . 
 his next stroke was just as fierce , and she was soon swept away in each rocking thrust that seemed determined to push her across the carpet . 
 it was possession and ownership in each plunge of his c * ck into her body , and she felt owned and dominated by him . 
 and she loved it . 
 it seemed they had just started , she had just begun to lose herself in the pleasure when that incredible tension began to build in her hips . 
 she moaned , rising to meet him with every harder thrust . 
 and then she was coming , his name a gasped , choked sound , her p ** sy clenching tight around him . 
 he continued to f ** k her , his movements more forceful , harder and more erratic , until he came as well , with a hoarse shout . 
 his body locked over hers , stiffening , and he gave a final rolling thrust before collapsing on top of her . 
 breathing hard , risa hugged his weight over her , a little stunned by how quick things had been . 
 he knew just how to touch her to bring her to an almost immediate pleasure . 
 that was incredible . 
 travis leaned in and gave her a light , lingering kiss , just as the doorbell rang . 
 his eyes gleamed and he seemed almost boyish . 
 `` that 'll be dinner . '' 
 for the rest of the evening , travis was hers . 
 they ate pizza , drank wine , and made love again in his bed . 
 after making love , she told him all about what to expect as a pig owner , determined to hold up her end of the bargain . 
 and she told him about gregory 's more amusing antics , hoping that he 'd start to love the pig as much as she did . 
 they spent hours in bed , just talking and caressing each other , before making love one final time . 
 as she drifted off to sleep , risa thought that this travis , this one in bed with her , just might be the perfect man . 
 it was the businessman part of travis that she had no idea what to do with . 
 * * * after a week of living in his apartment , though , it was clear to risa that the businessman side of travis seemed to be the dominant one . 
 she enjoyed his company-his laugh , his smile , his conversation . 
 she loved his body , loved the way he touched her and brought her pleasure . 
 she hated his blackberry . 
 he was never further than a phone call away from his job , and that drove her crazy . 
 even when they were in bed at night , twined together , if the phone buzzed with an incoming message , he 'd roll over , grab it , and start typing away . 
 risa had to remind herself that this was n't a real relationship . 
 it was a sexual interlude , nothing more . 
 travis had n't promised her more than two weeks of his time . 
 he 'd promised her money and that was it . 
 strangely enough , the money was n't really a factor anymore . 
 after spending a week with him , she did n't care about the money as much as she just wanted him to spend some genuine time with her . 
 and with gregory . 
 the pig adored travis . 
 there was something about him that gregory had immediately taken a shine to , and whenever travis was busy working , gregory would lay at his feet to keep him company , or butt his head against travis 's leg , demanding to be petted . 
 travis , for his part , seemed to be coming around on the pig . 
 he petted gregory and occasionally threw a chew toy for the pig to chase . 
 risa had even talked travis into taking an early morning walk with her and the pig , and he 'd carried the leash while they 'd wandered a nearby park , hand in hand . 
 but then his phone rang and the moment was over . 
 she 'd been doing her best to show travis how to take care of gregory , but it was hard to teach someone who was too busy for any sort of animal , much less an intelligent pig . 
 she knew that gregory liked to chew things when he was bored , so she took him on multiple walks a day to wear him out , but she wondered what it would be like when she left . 
 and she wondered why the thought made her so sad . 
 * * * risa checked her watch and drummed her fingers on the arm of the movie theater seat . 
 she stared up at the small screen , willing travis to show up . 
 his apartment building had a private movie theater that showed new releases . 
 you simply signed up to have the theater for a few hours . 
 once risa had learned about that , she 'd been excited at the prospect of having an actual date night with travis . 
 and he 'd agreed , once she 'd talked him into it with kisses . 
 he 'd even moved a meeting for her . 
 now date night had arrived and she had the room reserved , but he was n't there . 
 the popcorn she 'd popped had gotten cold , and she sat in the dark , waiting . 
 she 'd left him an hour ago in the apartment . 
 he was reviewing a contract , and had promised to run down to grab them a few sodas at the corner store and meet her in the movie theater . 
 she checked her watch one more time and then stood up from the chair , worried . 
 surely nothing had happened to him on the way to the store ? 
 on a hunch , she went to the elevator and punched the button for travis 's floor . 
 she slid her key in the lock and opened the door . 
 there was travis , on the phone , his computer open in front of him . 
 exactly in the last place she 'd left him . 
 `` are you f ** king kidding me , peters ? 
 have you seen these suggestions they made ? 
 they 're a joke , '' he said into the phone . 
 `` did you see clause eighteen ? 
 no ? 
 go look at it . 
 i 'll wait . '' 
 he glanced at her as she walked in , and then turned back to his computer . 
 his hand reached down to absently stroke gregory 's velvety ear . 
 `` did you see it ? 
 exactly . 
 that is absolutely not part of the deal . '' 
 risa felt cold . 
 little by little , her fantasy of him was crumbling . 
 she wanted to have this time with him . 
 so much . 
 she wanted the memory of their short time together to be an incredible one that she could look back on with fondness . 
 her silly heart wanted travis to grab her by the waist , nuzzle her neck , and beg her to stay with him forever . 
 but he was a busy man . 
 too busy for a pig . 
 much too busy for a relationship of any kind . 
 she 'd been foolish to ever hope for one . 
 very calmly , she went to his room and began to pack her bag . 
 she took her clothes off hangers , folded them neatly , and then closed her small suitcase . 
 she paused when she turned and saw that he had pearl 's old photo album out on a nearby dresser . 
 so he 'd taken a memento from his grandmother 's house after all ? 
 risa moved toward it , compelled , and turned the pages . 
 there was a picture of travis as a young boy , with that same serious expression on his face , holding up a fish . 
 travis reading a book in a bay window . 
 travis playing fetch with a dog , a wide smile on his face . 
 her heart skipped a beat . 
 travis with pearl , his arm around her waist , as he wore a graduation cap . 
 travis and his grandmother sitting on her porch , smoking cigars as if they did n't have a care in the world . 
 underneath the picture was a caption : first major business deal . 
 where had that travis gone ? 
 suddenly sad for herself and for him , she left the photo album open to the picture of him and the dog . 
 that was the travis she wanted . 
 she picked up her suitcase and headed back into the living room , dropping it by the door . 
 she suddenly realized that her car was still in bluebonnet , still at pearl 's house . 
 maybe she 'd ask travis if she could rent the place . 
 maybe there was a teaching job or two in bluebonnet . 
 she loved that little town . 
 `` i 'll call you back , '' travis said suddenly , and she heard his phone click off . 
 `` risa , what are you doing ? '' 
 she braced herself and turned around , a wide smile on her face . 
 `` i 'm sorry , travis , but i 'm leaving . '' 
 the scowl on his face was furious . 
 `` why ? 
 because of tonight ? 
 something 's come up . 
 there 'll be other nights to go to the movies - '' `` no , there wo n't , '' she interrupted him . 
 `` you know why ? 
 because you do n't have time for anyone in your life . '' 
 he stared at her , his jaw set in an angry line . 
 risa sighed . 
 `` i 'm not telling you this to make you angry , travis . 
 i 'm really not . 
 it 's just become very apparent to me that you were right and i was wrong . 
 you do n't have time in your life for a pig . 
 you do n't have time in your life for a pig-keeper , either . 
 i 've really enjoyed our time together . '' 
 her voice grew soft . 
 `` really , really enjoyed it . 
 i wish i could stay longer . '' 
 `` then stay . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` fifty grand , '' he said suddenly . 
 `` give me a month and i 'll give you fifty grand . '' 
 annoyance flashed through her . 
 `` have i asked for the money , travis ? 
 for the last time , this is n't about the money . 
 you can keep every damn dollar that you promised me . 
 i came here because i wanted you to love gregory , but i mostly came here because i had a fantasy of you , and i was half in love with you the moment you walked through your grandmother 's door . 
 being with you has been part of that fantasy , but the reality is that you do n't have time for anyone . '' 
 he said nothing . 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` i 'll pull some strings . 
 get you a teaching job here . 
 we can build a school , if you want , and you can - '' she threw up her arms , cutting him off . 
 `` you 're still not listening to me . '' 
 he still stared at her as if not quite comprehending her . 
 `` everyone has a price , risa . 
 i want to know yours . 
 i want to know what it 'll take to make you stay with me for a bit longer . 
 i ... like you in my bed . '' 
 that was a lot for a man like travis jesson to admit , she knew . 
 she went to him and very lightly placed a hand on his cheek . 
 `` you know my price , travis . '' 
 `` i do n't - '' she hated herself for saying the next part , but she had to . 
 `` i 'm not like your grandmother . 
 i ca n't forgive missed time . '' 
 travis flinched . 
 she continued . 
 `` time is the only thing i want from you , travis . 
 i want us to be a real couple . 
 if you want me to live here with you , i 'll stay . 
 i 'll look for a teaching job in houston . 
 keep your thirty grand . 
 keep all of it . 
 we 'll be a real couple and try this thing out . 
 but i require time and effort . 
 i want someone that will be with me , not someone that 's with their blackberry . '' 
 `` risa , '' he said , leaning to kiss her hand . 
 `` i want to be with you . 
 but you have to understand my job . 
 i did n't get where i am today because i took a backseat on things . 
 there are opportunities out there , and i 'm not about to leave them on the table . 
 i have a very important meeting in japan in a week that i can not miss . '' 
 `` i 'm not asking you to quit your job for your pig nanny , travis , '' she said with a wry , sad smile . 
 `` i 'm not asking you to make a choice . 
 you are who you are . 
 i am who i am , unfortunately , and i want the chance to be with someone who wants to be with me . 
 it 's not that i 'm giving you an ultimatum . 
 it 's that we 're two immovable objects . 
 you have your work on this side , and i am on the other . 
 the two are n't going to meet in the middle . '' 
 `` i want to be with you - '' `` then you know my price . '' 
 she picked up her suitcase and headed for the door . 
 every step felt like a thousand years . 
 she wanted him to change his mind , to tell her that he 'd make time for her . 
 but he said nothing . 
 when she got to the door , she turned back to him . 
 `` you might want to arrange to have your assistant feed gregory twice a day . 
 i left instructions on the refrigerator door . 
 i do n't want him to starve . '' 
 his arms crossed and his look became stubborn . 
 almost furious . 
 `` i can feed a pig , risa . '' 
 she knew he could . 
 the question was , would he have the time ? 
 so she did n't address it . 
 `` can you call the car for me ? 
 my car 's still back at your grandmother 's . '' 
 `` i 'll call it in the morning , '' he said harshly . 
 he turned to his desk and pulled out his checkbook . 
 `` so half , then ? 
 fifteen thousand ? '' 
 her heart hurt . 
 `` i told you i do n't want the money , travis . 
 keep it . 
 use it to hire a dog walker to take gregory out in the mornings . '' 
 `` then what do you want ? '' 
 `` i want the car . '' 
 his jaw set stubbornly . 
 `` in the morning . '' 
 she would not be bullied . 
 `` very well , then . 
 see you in the morning . '' 
 risa went to the guest bedroom and shut the door . 
 * * * goddamn it . 
 travis stared at the closed door , furious . 
 how dare she try to force him to change his ways for her ? 
 how dare she say that what he had to offer was n't good enough ? 
 most women threw themselves at him , eager for his money and power . 
 this one turned her nose up at his money and wanted him to give up his power . 
 un-f ** king-believable . 
 travis turned back to his computer and kept working , going through his ever-filling inbox . 
 there was simply too much to be done before his japan trip , and he did n't trust his subordinates enough to handle the finer details . 
 he worked for another ten minutes and then shut the laptop , too furious to concentrate . 
 he stood up abruptly , his chair scraping on the hardwood floors . 
 at his feet , gregory danced in excited circles , his pig snout quivering . 
 he snorted with enthusiasm , clearly thinking they were going out for a walk . 
 `` sorry , pig , '' he told it . 
 `` not right now . '' 
 travis walked to that shut door , wanting to fling it open . 
 he stared at it for a long moment . 
 she was quiet inside . 
 was she weeping ? 
 sleeping ? 
 sad ? 
 he hated the thought of her being sad . 
 fists clenched with irritation , he stalked to his bathroom and took a shower to clear his mind . 
 did n't work . 
 by the time he got out of the shower , his thoughts were only more byzantine with a swirl of irritation and conflicting thoughts about risa mixing with thoughts for the business week ahead . 
 he moved to his dresser to pull out fresh boxers and paused at the sight of the photo album left open . 
 it was a picture of him with his dog back when he was a boy . 
 he 'd loved that dog . 
 a wet droplet splatted on the photo album and he absently wiped it off of the plastic covering with his hand . 
 the dog had followed him everywhere , wagging his tail , desperate for attention . 
 just like the pig that was now his . 
 almost of its own volition , his hand reached out and turned the page . 
 there was a picture of him and his grandmother , smoking cigars . 
 it was after he 'd closed his first major deal with his own company . 
 she 'd been so proud . 
 he turned the page and the next photo was her ninety-fifth birthday . 
 she was smiling as she leaned over a cake dotted with an incredible number of candles , and travis had been at her side . 
 the next page was a press clipping of the deal that had made him a billionaire . 
 annoyed , he flipped the page . 
 more press clippings . 
 where were the photos ? 
 the family photos ? 
 he flipped the rest of the pages of the album and came to a stark realization . 
 for the last three years , there were no family photos . 
 only press clippings of him that his grandmother had cut out from the newspaper . 
 he 'd been too busy to see her and so she 'd had to make do with mentions of him in the newspaper . 
 his stomach clenched , suddenly sick . 
 i 'm not like your grandmother . 
 i ca n't forgive missed time . 
 damn . 
 that was a punch in the gut . 
 travis moved to the bed and sat on the edge of it , not caring that he was dripping water . 
 he saw a lacy scrap peeking out from under the bed and tugged it forward , surprised to see a red and black thong . 
 when had risa worn this for him ? 
 he could n't recall . 
 sometime this week , of course , but it was a blur of business meetings and memories of making love to her before dropping off to sleep , exhausted . 
 he stared at the panties . 
 why could n't he remember her wearing these for him ? 
 was he truly that absent ? 
 the realization was an uncomfortable one . 
 he 'd been so focused on his business for the last few years that he had n't taken the time to do anything but work . 
 even now , he knew if he picked up his blackberry , it 'd be full of messages of people needing his advice , his lawyer sending over changes to the latest contract , his assistant with travel confirmations , the board of directors with more meeting invites ... it was suddenly exhausting to think about . 
 he lay back in the bed and stared up at the ceiling . 
 he 'd missed out on the last few years of his grandmother 's life because he 'd been too busy working . 
 he had n't seen-or talked to-his parents in ages . 
 he did n't know where they were in europe . 
 did n't know what they were up to . 
 he knew everything about the closest competitor in his market , but he did n't have a clue about anything in his personal life . 
 and risa was trying to wake him up . 
 because she cared about him and wanted to be with him . 
 just ... not like this . 
 you know my price , she 'd said softly . 
 it had n't been an ultimatum . 
 everyone had their price , after all . 
 she was just stating hers . 
 was it one that he was willing to pay ? 
 being with risa would mean not being on call 24-7 . 
 it would mean no long , extended business trips . 
 it would mean spending evenings in bed , in pleasure . 
 holding hands while walking in the park . 
 going out to dinner for the sheer enjoyment of the other person 's company , not because there was a business connection to be made . 
 not working over the weekend . 
 spending the weekend with her . 
 sleeping late and snuggling into bed together . 
 making love to her for an entire day . 
 feeling her soft curves under his hands for as long as he wanted , without having to be anywhere in the world but in bed with her . 
 he wanted that . 
 but how to prove it ? 
 travis lay back in his bed and thought . 
 and he came up with a plan , because that was what he did best . 
 * * * when morning came after a long , sleepless night , travis noticed her door was still shut firmly . 
 outside of it , the pig whined and danced , clearly hoping for his morning walk . 
 travis needed one , too , to clear his head . 
 so he slid the pig into his harness and they went out for a brisk morning run . 
 he tucked his blackberry into one of his pockets , just in case . 
 it was interesting , going on a run with a pig . 
 everyone stopped to stare at them , but travis ignored it . 
 gregory seemed to enjoy the run , and for some reason , it made his own personal run less tedious this morning when he saw how much the pig was enjoying it . 
 maybe there was something to having a pet after all . 
 risa loved the silly thing . 
 and he admitted to himself that when gregory squealed with delight over something , it amused him . 
 he did have to fish him out of the park 's flowering bushes , though . 
 apparently gregory liked to eat the local shrubberies . 
 they returned back to the apartment a short time later , and the pig immediately went to the kitchen , turning in excited circles . 
 okay , food time . 
 he could do this , too . 
 he went to the fridge and pulled down the instructions , noting her careful measurements of just how much the pig should be fed . 
 he will always seem hungry , risa had written . 
 pigs do n't have a thalamus gland that tells them to stop eating . 
 just because he begs does n't mean he should be fed ! 
 he 's smart enough to know that when he begs , he gets treats . 
 his mouth curved into a faint smile . 
 clever pig . 
 travis measured the pig feed and set down the bowl for gregory to eat . 
 he 'd shower and have breakfast himself , but in a minute . 
 to his surprise , he realized he had n't checked his blackberry on his run . 
 that was n't like him . 
 he pulled it out to check if his assistant had responded to his messages from last night , skipping over a few meeting invites . 
 everything 's in place , she 'd written back . 
 i 've canceled the car and reserved the movie room for you all day . 
 breakfast should be delivered there in about a half hour , along with the flowers . 
 good job , he wrote back , realizing it was probably the first time he 'd ever complimented her . 
 damn it . 
 now that risa had pointed out how selfish he 'd been over the last while , it was all he seemed to see everywhere he turned . 
 well , he 'd prove to her that he was more than just an obsessed workaholic . 
 travis pulled up his calendar and began to make a few changes . 
 * * * risa lay in the guest bed , her arms crossed , staring up at the ceiling . 
 where the hell was the stupid phone call that would let her know that the car was here ? 
 it was taking forever . 
 she 'd heard travis leave earlier this morning , at dawn , but she 'd gone right back to sleep . 
 it had taken her forever to go to bed last night . 
 she did n't cry into her pillow-not over a man she 'd met a week ago-but she could n't escape the intense feeling of disappointment that he 'd had no time for her . 
 and she could n't sink the feeling in her gut that poor gregory was going to end up neglected and lonely , the opposite of what pearl had wanted for her beloved pet . 
 the phone at her bedside rang , and she rolled over to answer it . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` ms. moore ? 
 this is the concierge at the front desk . 
 someone is waiting in the lobby for you . '' 
 the driver . 
 perfect . 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'll be right down . '' 
 she grabbed her suitcase and opened the door to the guest bedroom , looking around . 
 `` travis ? '' 
 no answer . 
 risa frowned . 
 had he gone to work ? 
 he had n't even bothered to say good-bye to her ? 
 it just confirmed everything she thought about him-he 'd never make time for a personal relationship . 
 his business was all he needed in his life . 
 poor gregory . 
 she hefted her suitcase and closed the door to his apartment . 
 it had been a lovely week , she thought wistfully . 
 something to fuel her dreams while she moved on with the next chapter of her life . 
 but there was no sense in dwelling on what could n't be . 
 risa headed to the elevator , and took it down to the main lobby . 
 when the doors opened , she stopped in surprise . 
 bouquets of roses lined the elevator exit on either side , and curved a path along the far end of the lobby . 
 she walked through the rose path , wondering what the occasion was . 
 she paused when she saw travis at the end of the path , standing in front of the entrance to the double doors that led to the personal movie theater in the building . 
 he was dressed in a suit , of course , but gregory was leashed at his side and travis was trying -lrb- unsuccessfully -rrb- to prevent the pig from eating a fallen rose . 
 was this who was waiting for her in the lobby ? 
 she smothered a laugh with her fingers and moved toward the pair , her heart thumping . 
 travis watched her approach and gave her a smile . 
 not his faint , amused smile , but a truly warm one that made his eyes crinkle at the corners , and made her want to drop her panties . 
 `` i do n't know if you 've noticed , but pigs like to eat everything . '' 
 `` oh , i 've noticed , '' she said with a laugh . 
 `` and i 'm pretty sure i warned you . '' 
 `` so you did , '' he said , shortening the leash before gregory could attack a bow dangling from one of the standing vases . 
 he crooked his elbow and extended it to her . 
 `` will you join me ? '' 
 risa glanced at the lobby doors . 
 `` i 'm waiting for the car . '' 
 `` i canceled it . '' 
 `` you what ? '' 
 `` i canceled it . 
 i 'll call it back if you really want to leave , but i thought we could have our movie date first . '' 
 he hesitated for a moment , and then added , `` please . '' 
 how could she resist a billionaire who asked nicely ? 
 her heart melting , she slipped her hand into the crook of his arm . 
 `` what movie are we watching ? '' 
 his lips twitched with amusement . 
 `` it 's a double feature . 
 first is charlotte 's web . 
 next is babe . '' 
 a pig double feature ? 
 she laughed . 
 `` what an incredible coincidence . '' 
 when they entered the private theater , she gasped in surprise again . 
 a catered table had been set up on one end of the room . 
 mixers for mimosas had been set up in one corner , and a gourmet breakfast buffet complete with croissants , eggs , fruit , and the works lay spread out . 
 on the floor was a small bowl full of crunchy vegetables for gregory to snack on . 
 the pig immediately began straining at his leash , and as she watched , travis unhooked it , gave the pig a scratch behind the ears , and released him to chow down . 
 he looked over at her . 
 `` before you ask , i double-checked to make sure that everything is okay with his diet . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i guess you learned some stuff this week after all . '' 
 `` i did , '' he said quite seriously , and moved to one of the seats to pick up a small box with a bright red bow on it . 
 `` this is for you . '' 
 a present ? 
 risa raised an eyebrow at him , but at his expectant look , she tugged the lid off . 
 her stomach sank . 
 it was a blackberry . 
 as if she wanted one of the hateful things . 
 `` travis , i do n't think - '' `` before you say anything , let me show you something . '' 
 he took it from her and punched a few buttons , and then handed it back to her . 
 it was set on the business calendar . 
 to her surprise , she realized this was travis 's blackberry . 
 why was he giving her his blackberry ? 
 she glanced over the calendar ... and stopped . 
 his days were still full of meetings monday through friday . 
 that was no surprise . 
 but she noticed that at four p.m. on every day of the week , a new meeting had been added that extended through the rest of the evening . 
 time with risa . 
 she flipped to the weekends . 
 they were blocked off as well . 
 both saturday and sunday read : time with risa . 
 oh , heck . 
 now she was going to cry . 
 her lip trembled a little and she swallowed hard . 
 `` my japan trip next week is canceled , too . 
 we can negotiate in a videoconference . 
 i really do n't have to be there this time , '' he said , expression serious . 
 `` i told them something had come up in my personal life . '' 
 and was that ... her ? 
 `` i do n't want you to go . 
 it 's going to be hard for me to walk away from the work sometimes , but i 'm willing to give it a try if you are . '' 
 his eyes were serious as he stared down at her . 
 `` everything you said was right . 
 i have been spending too much time working . 
 i 'm losing track of everything that i should be enjoying in life . 
 there has to be a balance , and i want you to keep reminding me of that . 
 will you stay and give me another shot ? '' 
 `` stay ? '' 
 she choked out . 
 `` i 'll give you the thirty grand i promised , but if you want to stay this time , there 's no money involved . 
 just me . 
 i said that everyone had a price , and you told me yours . 
 you wanted time . 
 i 'm willing to give it to you . 
 every evening and every weekend , i 'm yours . 
 you could try to get a teaching job here in houston . 
 and we could see if we 're a good couple , or if - '' before he could finish the sentence , she was kissing him , her arms around his neck . 
 he hauled her against him , his tongue slicking against her own hungrily . 
 they continued to kiss for a long time , until gregory gave a squeal as he ate and risa began to laugh against travis 's mouth . 
 `` is that a yes ? '' 
 he murmured to her . 
 `` it 's a definite yes , '' she told him . 
 how could she resist such a determined man , after all ? 
 * * * they spent their one-year anniversary back at pearl 's house in bluebonnet . 
 it had taken a few weekends , but they 'd cleaned out a lot of pearl 's old things and donated them , replacing her old furniture with new and making the house their own . 
 whenever they needed time away-her from teaching in the city , and him from the latest round of meetings-they drove up to bluebonnet and spent a weekend in the house and swimming in the pool . 
 they walked gregory around bluebonnet early in the mornings and spent their evenings curled up by the fireplace , just enjoying spending time together . 
 in honor of their anniversary , travis had had two cakes catered for them , because he always came up with clever details that emphasized just how much thought he put into every aspect of their relationship now . 
 gregory 's cake was a vegetable concoction made with bran and carrots . 
 risa 's cake was topped with a two-carat engagement ring . 
 of course she said yes . 
 how could she not ? 
 her billionaire did n't like taking no for an answer , and this was one occasion when she did n't mind that in the slightest . 
