 two years later caroline closed her eyes and took a deep breath . 
 standing on the foredeck of the merchant vessel the dreamer , the misty salt air bit at her skin and caused her to clutch her shawl more firmly around her . 
 she 'd left the warmth and comfort of her cabin to find a reprieve from thoughts of jack , but it was impossible . 
 beneath the smell of the ocean she could still detect his evocative masculine scent , a scent that heated her blood and made forgetting him impossible . 
 he owned this ship , as well as a dozen others , and his presence lingered here , taunting her with the promise of what she wanted most , but could never have . 
 under more ideal circumstances caroline would have found berth on another vessel , but time had been of the essence . 
 jack had returned to america months earlier than she had anticipated . 
 she 'd heard word of his return at almost the exact moment she 'd sensed him . 
 rushing to her lodgings , she 'd gathered up her belongings and boarded the first ship back to england . 
 it was her misfortune that the earliest departing vessel had been one of jack 's , because her haste had cost her dearly . 
 these last days at sea had been torture . 
 jack 's essence had seeped into every pore of the ship . 
 he haunted her dreams , would give her no peace . 
 every night as she attempted to sleep he visited her , begging in his velvety voice for her to return to him . 
 come back to me , caroline , he urged . 
 come back . 
 the heat of his nocturnal caresses and the ravishment of his kisses drove her to madness . 
 opening weary eyes , caroline gazed out over the water . 
 swirls of mist partially obscured the cloudy sky , the silvery gray color reminding her so much of jack 's eyes . 
 from the moment she 'd first seen him in the fontaine ballroom , she 'd been lost . 
 the passionate kiss a week later had destroyed her . 
 even now she could feel the heat of his expert lips against hers , and the remembrance of his taste made her mouth water . 
 she wanted him so desperately she knew she would never be able to control the animal within her . 
 it would bleed him dry ; she would not be able to stop it . 
 she had to stay away , far away . 
 a man as beautiful and magnetic as jack shaw did not deserve to die in such a heinous manner . 
 he radiated life and vitality , and she would flee to the ends of the earth before she drained him of the very things that had caused her to fall in love with him . 
 a love that had been doomed long before she met him . 
 and so she ran . 
 from france to italy to america , she 'd barely catch her breath before jack would arrive , the expansion of his shipping interests causing him to visit all of the places she fled to . 
 this last missed encounter had come too close . 
 caroline could only hope his overseas business was resolved and he would remain in america . 
 she was tired , lonely , and hungry for him . 
 misery was sapping her strength and resolve . 
 if jack came near her again , she was n't certain she had the will to resist him . 
 and he would pay for her weakness with his precious life . 
 * * * * * it was nearly two o'clock in the morning when jack shaw strode down the gangplank of his ship in london . 
 thick fog swirled around his boots as he left the dock and vaulted into his waiting carriage . 
 he looked at his man of affairs who sat across from him . 
 `` she 's in residence ? 
 you 're certain ? '' 
 `` yes , mr. shaw . 
 lady caroline is here . 
 i saw her myself , just to be sure . '' 
 jack breathed a sigh of relief and relaxed into the squabs . 
 he 'd deliberately timed his docking , aware that if he arrived during the day word would spread of his arrival and caroline would hear of it . 
 for the sake of his ego , he 'd denied for years that she was running from him , but after this last occasion in virginia he could no longer delude himself . 
 lady caroline seton did n't want anything to do with him . 
 at the age of five and twenty caroline was considered a spinster by choice . 
 highly sought after for her beauty and unaccountable wealth , she rejected all suitors . 
 she was an enigma in every respect , a beautiful and vivacious young woman who had taken the beau monde by storm . 
 her origins were unknown , her courtesy title derived from a tenuous tie to a title now held in abeyance . 
 jack appreciated her mysterious appeal for a variety of reasons , not the least of which was the pleasant notoriety that allowed him to find her wherever she was . 
 unfortunately , he 'd caught only fleeting and rare glimpses of her over the last two years . 
 yet every time he saw her caroline attracted him on some deep , primitive level he 'd never experienced before . 
 she traveled with no abigail or companion to lighten her journeys and he respected her strength of will and intrepidness . 
 no other female of his acquaintance would travel the world alone , flaunting convention and unafraid of censure . 
 he appreciated her individuality and admired her for it . 
 `` you 've gone to a great deal of trouble to locate lady caroline , '' his man of affairs murmured . 
 jack 's chest expanded on a deep breath . 
 caroline was the only woman he had ever pursued . 
 he hungered for her , desired her on a level that went far beyond the physical . 
 she felt their unusual connection as well , or she would n't be avoiding him . 
 but running was futile . 
 there was truly no choice for either of them . 
 after that night in the moreland garden their fate had been sealed . 
 soon she would see that . 
 `` i missed her in virginia by only an hour , '' he brooded , remembering the nearly unbearable frustration he 'd felt when he learned she 'd fled to london on one of his own ships . 
 but he had come for her . 
 she would not be getting away again . 
 this time he would soothe her concerns . 
 this time he would be catching caroline . 
 the carriage rolled to a halt and jack alighted . 
 he paused on the street and gazed up at the home where his love slept . 
 three storied and georgian in design , it was situated in a part of town that was not quite fashionable . 
 the street was quiet and dark . 
 it was a location that suited caroline -- mysterious and on the fringes of society . 
 `` here is the key , mr. shaw . '' 
 jack turned and held out his ungloved hand , his fingers curling around the metal that would grant him his deepest desire . 
 his carriage moved away , the clopping hooves of his team of four and the rolling of the wheels echoing eerily around him . 
 climbing the front steps of caroline 's townhouse , jack gained entry with the key he 'd ordered made from a wax impression . 
 once inside he moved unerringly through the darkened house , following her scent and traversing the galleries without light until he found her . 
 testing the door to her bedchamber , he was relieved to find the portal unlocked and he entered , sliding the bolt home behind him . 
 the room was shadowed in almost complete darkness . 
 the fire in the grate was banked and barely gave off light , but he had no difficulty seeing . 
 it was a small room , but perhaps that was merely the impression he received from the massive bed that dominated the space . 
 before the fire waited two wingback chairs . 
 a book and blanket rested upon the arm of one ; a cozy picture that warmed him as surely as the coals . 
 as if she sensed his presence , caroline stirred restlessly . 
 `` jack , '' she breathed in a sleep-throaty murmur that made his skin mist with sweat and his cock swell . 
 stepping away from the door , he moved toward her , the tight knot of longing he 'd felt these last years loosening with her proximity . 
 he lit the taper on the nightstand and paused at the fierce reaction of his body to the sight of her in the bed . 
 in the golden glow of the candle caroline was ravishing . 
 her soft , creamy skin was flawless . 
 against the white linen pillow , the gleaming curls of her hair were spread with wanton abandon . 
 his fists clenched against the powerful urge to run his fingers through them , to cup her head in his hands and hold her still for his ravishment . 
 her full lips were parted with the deep , rhythmic breaths of slumber , which lifted her chest and outlined her ripe breasts against her night rail . 
 he smiled . 
 within moments those breasts would be bare and pressed to his chest , that sweetly parted mouth would be panting and crying out his name as he made love to her like he 'd wanted to do for years . 
 it was time for her to see him as well , to remember and feel the powerful attraction between them , an attraction so overwhelming that time , distance , and unfamiliarity had not affected it . 
 taking a seat on the edge of the bed , jack brushed the back of his hand across her cheek . 
 she nuzzled into the caress , but slept on . 
 his smile widened . 
 using the sheer power of his will , he called to her , caroline , come back to me . 
 * * * * * caroline sat up , and discovered jack shaw once again invading her dreams . 
 dressed simply in sweater , breeches and boots , his casual attire bred a familiarity far removed from the glittering ballrooms and society events from which she knew him and dreamed of him . 
 his hair was slightly longer than she normally pictured it , the dark ebony strands falling across his proud forehead and curling at his nape . 
 but some things were constant . 
 the sharp silver of his irises glowed with sexual intent and his full , firm lips were curved in the wicked smile that made her heart race . 
 she took a deep breath , resigned to her torment . 
 he was so achingly gorgeous she had no defenses against him , and the tenderness of his gaze shattered what was left of her heart . 
 pushing her curls away from her face , she asked mournfully , `` why must you torture me ? '' 
 he blinked as if she 'd startled him . 
 `` what are you talking about , sweetheart ? '' 
 `` you know very well what i 'm asking you . 
 why ca n't you allow me even one night of restful slumber ? 
 i think of you ceaselessly during my waking hours , why must my sleep suffer as well ? '' 
 already her body ached far worse than usual . 
 her skin was tight and hot , her breasts heavy and tender . 
 she licked her lips , desperate for a taste of him , and watched his eyes flare with desire at the movement . 
 jack rubbed the line of his jaw thoughtfully before answering . 
 `` if you would cease to run from me , your dreams would be less troubled . '' 
 caroline shook her head . 
 `` you know i can not do that . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` you know why , '' she snapped . 
 `` we have this conversation nightly . 
 why must we discuss it again ? '' 
 `` because we must , love , '' he said patiently . 
 `` i will hurt you , jack . 
 i 've told you before . 
 i will hurt you terribly and i could n't bear to do that . '' 
 he reached for her hands , then appeared to think better of it and withdrew . 
 `` hurt comes in many forms . 
 it hurts that you run from me . '' 
 rising from the bed , jack began to pace , the powerful muscles of his thighs flexing beneath the tight breeches , making her mouth water . 
 she was reminded of how vital it was that she resist her desires , but she longed for him to understand . 
 `` as long as i stay away from you , you 'll remain safe . 
 i love you enough to do what is best , despite how it pains me . '' 
 he stilled mid-stride , his smoky gaze locking with hers . 
 `` beg your pardon ? '' 
 his sudden shock chilled caroline to the bone . 
 every night she confessed her love to him . 
 never had he responded in such a fashion . 
 she slipped out the opposite side of the bed , putting the large piece of furniture between them . 
 he cursed as he watched her reaction . 
 `` caroline -- '' `` you are not a dream ! '' 
 she accused . 
 jack rounded the bed . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 she held up her hand to ward him off . 
 `` remain where you are . '' 
 `` allow me to explain . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she shook her head vehemently . 
 `` you must go . 
 now . '' 
 he raised a sardonic brow . 
 `` you just confessed to loving me . 
 i 'm certainly not going to leave . '' 
 caroline damned herself for not paying heed to the throbbing that permeated her entire being . 
 but she slept hard , like the dead . 
 even now she struggled into full wakefulness . 
 `` how did you gain admittance to my home ? '' 
 `` i have a key . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` how did you ... ? 
 no . 
 never mind . 
 do n't explain . 
 leave it on the nightstand and go . '' 
 suddenly , he stood directly before her , having moved so quickly as to be undetectable . 
 `` jack -- '' she began , but he silenced her with his mouth . 
 just like that night in the moreland garden , every nerve ending in her body reacted instantly to jack 's kiss . 
 heat scorched through her veins and melted her resistance . 
 he urged her closer , and then closer still , until her breasts were crushed against his powerful chest and his cock burned through their clothing to heat the skin of her stomach . 
 his hands , work roughened and callused , came up to cup her face , his thumbs brushing across her cheeks and prodding her mouth to open . 
 caroline complied helplessly and he groaned , his head tilting to the side to deepen the contact . 
 jack 's taste was intoxicating , rich and heady , and his scent ... she wanted to drown in it . 
 virile and masculine , it was uniquely his and it called to her . 
 everything about him called to her . 
 her mouth moved feverishly beneath his , her tongue sliding past his lips , drawing the taste of him deep inside her . 
 clutching fistfuls of his sweater just to remain standing , caroline lost all ability to move or think , her animal springing to the fore with a surge of triumph . 
 and then , just as quickly as he 'd grabbed her , jack released her . 
 `` damnation , '' he muttered , his hand going to his mouth . 
 when he pulled it away it was bloody . 
 she had pierced him with her fangs . 
 caroline stumbled backwards , horrified . 
 `` oh , god , jack . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i could n't help it ... '' backing into the corner , she fought the beast inside her , a beast that had tasted a blood so rich it was desperate to drain the being that contained it . 
 panicked , she began to cry . 
 `` go , jack . 
 please . 
 i 'll hurt you if you stay . '' 
 he came toward her inexorably , undaunted by her distress or her pleas . 
 she sank to the floor , tears flowing down her face . 
 `` love , do n't cry , '' he soothed . 
 `` i ca n't bear it . '' 
 `` go away . '' 
 she tucked her knees up to her body and wrapped herself around them . 
 `` please ... '' `` shhh ... ' t is nothing , a small nick that will heal soon enough . '' 
 her tortured gaze lifted to his and he smiled , a heart-stopping , gorgeous grin . 
 a grin that revealed a sparkling pair of fangs . 
 * * * * * `` you did n't know , '' jack breathed , noting the obvious shock on caroline 's face . 
 she began to tremble all over . 
 `` all this time ... '' he staggered as everything became clear . 
 `` is that what these last years have been about ? 
 is that why you 've been running from me ? '' 
 `` oh , god , jack ... '' he pulled caroline to her feet and into his arms , his heart swelling with emotion and relief . 
 he 'd begun to wonder if he were mad , chasing a woman who did n't want him across three continents . 
 now he was grateful he 'd continued the pursuit . 
 her motivation had been love , just as his had been . 
 wrapping a slender arm around his waist , caroline pressed a kiss to his jaw , the sweetness of the gesture making him cherish her all the more . 
 her scent , that warm combination of vanilla and exotic spice , intoxicated him . 
 the press of her body ... the softness of her curves ... the long , slender fingers that cupped his nape and ran through his hair ... all of it was beyond what he remembered . 
 he 'd had centuries ' worth of women . 
 none had burned him with their touch as caroline did . 
 her mouth , moist and hot , traveled across his throat , her tongue laving at his skin , tasting him and warning him of what was to come . 
 jack hissed as her fangs sunk into his neck , piercing with practiced skill and flooding his entire being with a sexual pleasure so intense he almost spilled his seed . 
 he gripped her hips and ground his cock against her , the desire that overwhelmed him almost bringing him to his knees . 
 he 'd never been bitten before . 
 as a pureblood he had been born the way he was , not turned . 
 it was a novel and completely rapturous sensation to give to her in this way , the soft suction of her mouth spurring his ardor until his cock ached with the need to be inside her . 
 bending his head , jack nuzzled the neckline of her night rail away and with a growl of possession bit into her . 
 instantly a connection snapped into place between them . 
 it was the kind of affinity he 'd heard of before , most notably from his parents , but after centuries of existence jack had thought he would never find such a love for himself . 
 yet by some miracle he had . 
 caroline belonged to him now and he belonged to her . 
 the thought filled him with such joy he could hardly contain it . 
 caroline purred with contentment as she drank from him and jack understood completely . 
 her blood was pure and sweet like a thick wine of excellent vintage . 
 his entire body turned hard and aroused as the strength of her essence poured down his throat , filling him with her heat just as he longed to fill her with his . 
 he 'd waited so long and spent so much of the last two years searching for her that holding her now simply was n't enough . 
 when her nails scratched his back through his sweater and her body writhed against his , he sent out his calling , probing deep into her mind until he saw her hunger . 
 it held her in its grip , urging her to feed and claim him , to become one with him , devour him . 
 and through the need he witnessed her fear that she would hurt him and he felt the love she held for him . 
 a love that had grown unbidden , but was precious to her nevertheless . 
 it was precious to him as well . 
 caroline was confused by the depth of her need for him . 
 she did n't understand it , mistaking the need to join with the need to consume . 
 he tried to calm her , tried to explain , but the heat of her desire was such that he could n't get through . 
 jack tore at the placket of his trousers , freeing his erection . 
 tugging up her night rail , he gripped her bare waist and lifted her . 
 with a few strides he pinned her to the wall , his cock seeking her heat . 
 she clutched him tightly to her , moaning against his throat , giving him the permission he had n't asked for , but had needed anyway . 
 clenching his buttocks , he thrust into her , deep and hard . 
 her pleasured cry vibrated against his neck . 
 his answering groan tore straight from his loins , the burning tight grip of her body nearly more than he could bear . 
 releasing her throat , jack cursed , his entire body shaking with the need to finish this , to ravish her , to fill her with his seed . 
 her flesh was silk under his hands , her scent permeated the air around him , seeping into his very pores , branding him as surely as he would be branding her . 
 `` do n't move , '' he growled , as she tried to crawl into his skin . 
 the need to go slowly , to pleasure her , was foremost in his mind . 
 he had an eternity to fuck her in whatever manner he desired . 
 this time would be for her . 
 he gasped as her cunt tightened around him . 
 slipping out of her damp , clinging depths , jack thrust forward again , gritting his teeth as the need to come nearly overwhelmed him . 
 heat wrapped around his spine , swelling his cock and drenching his skin with sweat . 
 pleasure inundated him in waves , each crest more powerful than the last . 
 her desire flooded his mind , making his own that much more difficult to contain . 
 caroline whimpered and released his throat . 
 `` jack ... '' her breath gusted across his ear and his cock jerked inside her , his arousal so acute it was painful . 
 his large hands cradled the delicate curve her spine , drawing her closer , hugging her to him . 
 he was afraid to move , afraid to hurt her with the force of his passion . 
 `` my love . '' 
 his arms shook as he nudged deeper into her , hoping to relieve the tightness of his sac and nearly sinking to his knees instead . 
 caroline 's fingers entwined in jack 's silky hair and then tugged as her body shivered around the throbbing shaft that stretched her deliciously . 
 `` you have to move , jack , '' she whispered against his skin . 
 he was huge , wondrously huge , filling her completely and she wanted more than just this fullness . 
 she wanted movement , friction -- a hard , deep fucking that would end this biting craving she 'd felt for years . 
 `` you have to move now ! '' 
 thrusting his hips hard against her , he held her to the wall , impaled on his cock , as his hand left her buttocks and moved between them . 
 `` if i move , this will all be over before either of us is ready . '' 
 `` i do n't care , '' she cried . 
 `` i do . '' 
 his thumbs brushed across the lips of her sex , then dipped inside . 
 finding the hard point of her pleasure , he rubbed softly , massaging the cream-drenched skin that was taut with the effort to accommodate him . 
 `` come for me , love . '' 
 his tongue swirled along the shell of her ear and then dipped inside . 
 `` milk me , '' he whispered , his voice dripping with sin . 
 spurred by his words , caroline dug her nails in his shoulders and held on as rapture , sharp and searing , shattered her , shivering through her in rippling spasms . 
 with a harsh groan of relief , jack released his desire . 
 she wrapped her legs around his hips , using the curve of his buttocks as leverage , rising and falling with his thrusts , taking as much of his cock as she could . 
 he was killing her with pleasure , taking her as if he could n't get deep enough , could n't stroke her fast enough . 
 she sobbed , struggling against him . 
 `` yes , sweet , '' he rasped , pumping into her with astonishing speed . 
 `` scream my name , come for me again . '' 
 he thrust hard and then ground against her , sending sparks of sensation from her core to the tips of her toes . 
 his thrusting grew more frenzied , his cock thickening magnificently until she was certain she was losing her mind . 
 crying out his name , she came again , her body gripping him rhythmically until he followed her with a haunting moan , flooding her with his seed . 
 panting , shuddering , he buried his face in the curve of her shoulder as he emptied himself inside her . 
 when he finished , he pressed a reverent kiss to her skin . 
 `` caroline , '' he murmured as he carried her to the bed . 
 `` all these years ... centuries i 've waited . '' 
 he lay her down gently , his semi-erect cock slipping from her sated body . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 she asked , snuggling into the pillows . 
 `` too old for you . '' 
 he brushed the curls back from her face , his own visage tender and flushed with passion in the candlelight . 
 `` but i hope you 'll have me , nevertheless . '' 
 straightening , he yanked his sweater over his head , revealing a torso rippling with strength . 
 unlike the indolent aristocrats she associated with , jack was strong and fit , a hunter forever in his prime . 
 caroline sighed at the sight of him . 
 `` how did you come to have a key to my home ? 
 and why ? 
 you just recently returned to america . '' 
 `` i went to america in pursuit of you . 
 just as i went to italy and france and a dozen other locations . '' 
 sitting on the edge of the mattress , jack tugged off his boots . 
 unable to help it , she reached out and caressed the flexing muscles of his back . 
 as her fingers brushed across the top of his shoulder , he turned his head and kissed her fingertips . 
 `` truly ? '' 
 her heart skipped and then raced , resuming the same feverish pace she 'd experienced just moments before in his arms . 
 he tossed her a careless smile over his shoulder . 
 `` truly . 
 i 've been chasing you for years , my lovely caroline . 
 i acquired the key through nefarious means because i knew of no other way to reach you , and i do n't regret it . 
 from this night on , we 'll weather the years together . '' 
 her heart aching , caroline curled back into the pillows . 
 now that she knew the depth of jack 's affection it would be even more difficult to leave . 
 the smell of him , the taste of him , the skin she 'd felt beneath her hands would haunt her forever . 
 tonight was all she had . 
 selfishly she clung to it , determined to enjoy what little happiness fate would allow her before the dawn rose and forced her to go . 
 * * * * * arching his back from the bed , jack awoke to pleasure so intense it hurt . 
 `` bloody hell , '' he gasped , his eyes flying open to find his love straddling his hips , his cock held tightly within her creamy depths . 
 caroline smiled down at him , her fingertips drifting across his chest and swirling around the flat points of his nipples . 
 riotous , disheveled curls surrounded her face , which he saw as clearly in the darkness as if the room were lit with a hundred candles . 
 `` god you are so beautiful , '' he breathed , lifting his hands to cup her breasts , his thumbs returning the favor she had just paid to him . 
 she moved on him , lifting with her lithe thighs and then sinking to claim his cock again . 
 his fangs descended as the hunger took over . 
 jack dropped his head back on the pillow and allowed caroline to have her way with him . 
 through heavy-lidded eyes he watched her fucking him , watched the lust and love that drifted across her porcelain features , watched the pleasure she took in his body , and reveled in the fact he could give it to her . 
 there was so much he had to teach her about their kind , so much he could sense she did n't yet know , but they had an eternity for such sharing . 
 at the moment he considered nothing but this joining . 
 his hands dropped to her thighs , his thumb brushing across the mark that adorned her hip . 
 how he loved her ! 
 loved how she hungered for him , hungered enough that the hours he 'd just spent pleasuring her senseless had not been enough to sate her . 
 jack imagined all the endless mornings ahead of them , his body hardening further at the thought of waking again to this delight . 
 caroline whimpered at his added girth and rode his cock faster , her firm , high breasts bouncing with her motions . 
 his orgasm followed hers , draining him until he sank into the mattress , exhausted . 
 caroline sprawled across his chest , her sweat slicked skin bonding with his . 
 `` i love you , '' she sighed , snuggling closer . 
 `` never forget that . '' 
 `` ah , sweet . '' 
 he crushed her to him , wishing he could explain how he felt , but knowing there were no words to express the deep need she appeased . 
 `` how could i ? 
 i expect you to remind my in just this way for the rest of eternity . '' 
 but when he woke just after dawn , he was alone again , just as he had been that fateful night in the moreland garden . 
 he closed his eyes and searched for her , but the echoing reply he 'd basked in all night was gone . 
 he sat up and the sheets rustled behind him . 
 turning , he spotted the missive on her pillow ... i can not ask you to wait for me , however i pray that you do . 
 there is something i must resolve , but i can not say how long it will take me . 
 once i am free , i will come for you . 
 yours forever , my love , c the warm languor in jack 's veins turned to icy fear as he read . 
 and then the fear buckled under the weight of his grim resignation . 
 caroline stared out the porthole window and brushed the tears from her face . 
 an eternity without jack was a prospect so devastatingly bleak she could scarcely think through the pain of it . 
 it could n't be borne . 
 she would n't allow it . 
 somehow she would find a way to have him . 
 `` milady ? '' 
 she glanced over her shoulder at the young seaman who waited beyond the open door of her cabin . 
 `` do you have any trunks to be brought aboard ? '' 
 her throat clenched tight with misery , caroline could only shake her head and look away , her vision blurred by the tears that welled ceaselessly . 
 there had been no opportunity to pack , not with jack sleeping just a few feet away from her wardrobe . 
 she 'd have to acquire new clothes when she arrived in france . 
 it was there she decided she would begin her search . 
 `` very well then , '' he said cheerfully . 
 `` we 'll be casting off soon . '' 
 `` this ship is not leaving the dock . '' 
 the carefully controlled voice behind her sounded nothing like the one that had murmured so sweetly to her just hours ago , but caroline knew it was one and the same . 
 she spun about and stared at the apparition that dominated the slender doorway . 
 jack stood there , his breathtakingly handsome face so harshly set she took a step backward in fear . 
 his silver gaze burned into her and never left her face as he ordered the young sailor to leave them . 
 entering the tiny cabin , jack kicked the door closed and thumbed the lock . 
 `` wh-what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked , her voice faltering . 
 `` there will be no more running , caroline . '' 
 `` you do n't understand -- '' `` no ! '' 
 he barked . 
 `` you are the one who fails to comprehend . 
 i am weary of chasing you , caroline , but i wo n't stop . 
 not ever . 
 i will hunt you down , i will run you to ground . 
 there is no place where you can hide from me . '' 
 frightened at his vehemence , caroline twisted her fingers in the skirts of her traveling suit . 
 `` there is something i must finish before we can be together . '' 
 `` the hell you say . '' 
 `` i was told to wait for another , '' she blurted , hoping desperately that he would forgive her once he knew . 
 `` the woman who changed me did so with a purpose . 
 she said something about time and love -- '' `` love will find a way against time itself . '' 
 caroline gaped . 
 `` how did you know ? '' '' ' 
 t is is an old vampire proverb . 
 one of the many things i planned to share with you . '' 
 fresh tears fell as she explained further . 
 `` the woman felt i would be a perfect spouse for her son . 
 she said love might take time , but it would find me . 
 he would find me . 
 one day he will come for me , jack . 
 but i intend to find him first . 
 i will tell him of my love for you , how i can not imagine my life without you . 
 i will never belong to another man . 
 never ! '' 
 `` caroline -- '' the words tumbled out of her mouth in her haste to tell all . 
 `` she placed a mark on me . 
 she said he would know me by it . 
 he will believe me , jack , and i will make certain he understands that there can never be anything between us . '' 
 studying jack 's face , caroline saw that her words did not soften him . 
 instead his ire appeared to grow before her eyes . 
 `` and you did n't feel that you could share this with me ? '' 
 he asked sharply . 
 `` you could n't tell me this , discuss this with me and allow me to help you ? 
 what of the love you professed to me , caroline ? 
 where is the faith that my love for you would see you through any challenge you faced ? '' 
 stung , she retorted , `` what good will it serve for you to see another man 's claim to me ? '' 
 his jaw clenched as he thrust out his hand displaying his signet ring . 
 `` this claim ? '' 
 she gasped at the crest that mirrored the mark on her hip . 
 her eyes lifted to his . 
 `` you knew ? '' 
 `` my mouth and hands caressed every inch of your skin . 
 did you think there was any part of you that escaped my notice ? '' 
 `` you said nothing ! '' 
 he gave a sardonic laugh . 
 `` i had other more pressing matters to attend to last night . 
 with an eternity ahead of us , i saw no need for haste . '' 
 `` that woman ... was your mother ? '' 
 caroline shook her head , her heart aching . 
 her hand gestured between them . 
 `` so this feeling ... this love ... has been arranged ? '' 
 `` no one can force love to grow betwixt two people , not even a master vampire like my mother . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` but you came for me . 
 why ? '' 
 `` from the moment your lips touched mine in the moreland garden i knew what you could become to me . 
 it was that potential that drove me these last two years , nothing else . '' 
 `` why did n't i know ? '' 
 `` she left you the choice , caroline . 
 in the end the decision is yours to make . 
 whether or not i am the man you want is a conclusion you must draw for yourself . 
 nothing binds you to me . 
 the mark she gave you was simply to guard you from those of our kind who prey upon the unprotected . 
 that crest shows that you were chosen by an ancient family , that you are important to someone and would be missed . '' 
 shocked , she looked away , afraid to believe that she could indeed have him , even as hope welled up within her . 
 `` my love binds me to you , '' she whispered , chancing another glance at him . 
 `` i can not survive without you in my life . 
 i 've been miserable without you . '' 
 jack took a deep breath , the silver of his irises molten with a hurt that she had caused . 
 `` how could you have left me so easily ? '' 
 `` oh , jack ... leaving you was many things , but easy is not one of them . 
 i thought it was the only way . 
 how could i come to you fettered by the chains of another ? '' 
 she held out her hands and walked toward him . 
 `` i would have searched the world over , left no stone unturned -- '' gruff voiced , he cut her off . 
 `` this habit of yours to run must be broken . '' 
 `` i would not have left if you 'd told me you were the one , '' she pointed out with an arched brow . 
 `` your silence led me to false conclusions . '' 
 `` i wo n't tolerate it again , '' he said , his voice softening but deadly earnest . 
 `` i wo n't run . '' 
 her arms encircled his taut frame . 
 `` i shall never leave your side . 
 you 'll never be rid of me . '' 
 he crushed her to him and rested his cheek atop her head . 
 `` i want to throttle you for leaving that damned letter . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 please , you must believe that . 
 if i did n't love you it would n't have mattered . 
 for a brief affair , i would n't have bothered . 
 but to have you forever i had to be free . '' 
 `` you can have me now . 
 in that bed behind you . '' 
 caroline tilted her head back to look at him . 
 `` here ? '' 
 she asked , incredulous . 
 he growled and she felt a tremulous excitement grow within her . 
 `` here . '' 
 jack stalked forward , forcing her to retreat toward the tiny bed . 
 `` you 're going to prove everything you just said to me . '' 
 `` the ship ... ? '' 
 `` wo n't be going anywhere . '' 
 `` my gown ... ? '' 
 his wicked smile made her shiver . 
 `` lift it . '' 
 the backs of her knees connected with the mattress and she fell on her back , her hands yanking and pulling franticly at the many layers of her skirts . 
 jack 's expression of pure possessiveness made her heart race . 
 when he tore open the placket of his breeches and his cock sprang free , hard and long and impressively thick , she flooded with moisture and licked her fangs . 
 he spread her legs wide and began to slip inside her , taking his time , making her feel every inch . 
 lacing his fingers with hers , he pinned her arms above her head . 
 `` never again , '' he warned . 
 with a gasp , she arched upward . 
 `` never . '' 
 `` you 'll marry me as soon as we can arrange it . '' 
 `` yes ... '' he began a luxurious rhythm , slow and sensual , an erotic dance of hardness into softness , and it swept through her in a gentle wave . 
 holding both of her hands with one of his , he reached for her knee and anchored it to his hip , opening her further so he could drive his cock deeper . 
 he fucked with such skill , such breathtaking expertise , and she loved him so much she cried with it . 
 the loneliness she 'd felt for so many years was gone , replaced by jack 's strong , steadfast presence in her heart and mind . 
 the connection was deep , one that awed and amazed her . 
 closing her eyes , she touched him back , and felt his love surround her in tender embrace . 
 `` god , jack . 
 you feel so good ... '' he groaned and quickened his pace , the soft sucking sound of their lovemaking making her ache with the need to come . 
 `` please ... '' she begged . 
 `` you 'll wait for it , '' he growled . 
 `` after what you did to me this morning , you 'll wait . '' 
 `` i love you . '' 
 jack pressed his lips to hers as he shuddered at her words . 
 `` damn you . '' 
 she cried out his name as he brought her to orgasm with a powerful thrust . 
 she felt his cock jerk inside her as he came , hot pulsing bursts of semen that pushed her over the edge until she shivered beneath him in another , more powerful release . 
 * * * * * the gentle rocking of the ship brought caroline out of the deep drugging pleasure to a gradual awareness of their surroundings . 
 she laughed at the feel of linen beneath her cheek , a not so subtle reminder that they were both still fully clothed . 
 `` jack . 
 tell me this is n't one of my dreams . '' 
 `` if it is , my love , do n't wake up yet . 
 i 've only just begun . '' 
