 one almost home . 
 grateful for the end of his shift , mack mcafee turned the corner onto evergreen place and approached his house , the duplex at 1022 . 
 he felt an instant sense of peace when he saw mary jo wyse working in the garden , taking advantage of the longer days and the perfection of a pacific northwest spring . 
 at six , the sun was still bright and the sky had the clean-washed look of early may . 
 mack had to smile as he watched mary jo . 
 the young single mother was his tenant , his friend-and the woman he 'd fallen for . 
 hard . 
 lovely as ever , she wore jeans and a pink , long-sleeved top that clung in all the right places . 
 noelle was asleep in a stroller a few feet away . 
 mack had delivered the baby last christmas-or assisted in her delivery ; that was probably a better way to put it . 
 he 'd just joined the cedar cove fire department and as the most recent hire , he 'd pulled duty on christmas eve . 
 it 'd been a quiet night until the call from the harding ranch . 
 a woman said she was about to give birth . 
 mack had taken a medical course and received his emergency medical technician certificate , but nothing he 'd learned had prepared him for the exhilaration of being at a delivery . 
 the moment little noelle drew her first breath she 'd completely won him over . 
 noelle and her mother had laid claim to mack 's heart . 
 mack parked on his side of the driveway and climbed out of the truck . 
 he was outwardly calm , but his thoughts were in chaos . 
 he had n't seen either of them in two days . 
 with his help , mary jo had planted a small garden , which she tended daily . 
 `` hi , '' she said , getting up from her knees . 
 she brushed the dirt from her pant legs and glanced at him with a shy smile . 
 `` hi , '' he responded . 
 afraid that mary jo would be able to interpret his feelings , he studied the neat row of green seedlings that had begun to poke through the earth . 
 mary jo was still suspicious of men , thanks to her experience with david rhodes , although mack was making a serious effort to gain her trust . 
 `` the garden 's starting to take shape , i see . '' 
 he crouched down and peeked at noelle , who slept contentedly with one small clenched fist raised above her head . 
 the baby mesmerized him . 
 for that matter , so did mary jo ... `` i. . . 
 missed seeing you the past couple of days , '' she said in a low voice . 
 that was encouraging . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 he hated to sound too eager since he was treading carefully in this relationship . 
 he 'd made a big mistake with her and was almost afraid of what would happen next . 
 `` well , yes . 
 the last time we talked , well ... you know . '' 
 mack straightened and nervously shoved his hands in his back pockets . 
 `` you told me it was n't a good idea for us to continue with the engagement , '' she said , although he did n't need any reminder . 
 `` that seemed for the best , '' he muttered . 
 `` but - '' before he could qualify his remark , she broke in . 
 `` and you 're right , it is for the best , especially if you do n't love me . '' 
 mack could n't believe he 'd actually said that . 
 `` no , i just thought - '' `` i understand , '' she said , cutting him off again . 
 `` you proposed because you were trying to protect me . '' 
 mack studied her through narrowed eyes . 
 `` you did n't hear from david rhodes again , did you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she shook her head emphatically . 
 noelle 's biological father had threatened , more than once , to take the baby from mary jo , which mack felt was nothing more than a bluff . 
 but it had frightened her so badly that she 'd panicked and decided to move back to seattle . 
 back to her brothers , who 'd look after her and the baby . 
 afraid he was about to lose them both , mack had suggested marriage . 
 mary jo had accepted , with the stipulation that they have a six-month engagement . 
 that was n't the only stipulation . 
 she 'd insisted there be no physical contact . 
 that was when mack had realized his mistake . 
 mary jo 's sole reason for moving to cedar cove had been to escape her domineering older brothers . 
 in offering to marry her , mack was doing exactly what they 'd done . 
 his motive had been to keep a close watch over her , to protect her . 
 because he loved her , yes , but without recognizing it , he 'd assumed the role her brothers had played in her life . 
 no wonder mary jo had stalled their relationship . 
 a few days after they became engaged , he noticed the shift in her attitude . 
 no longer did she treat him as her friend . 
 no longer could they tease and joke and affectionately kiss . 
 he 'd taken control of a situation in her life , squelching mary jo 's first tentative efforts toward independence . 
 she 'd said yes to his proposal , but it was n't because she loved him . 
 a month passed before mack figured out what was wrong and why he had to break off the engagement . 
 in his eagerness to be with her , to marry her , he 'd nearly ruined everything . 
 at least neither of them had mentioned the engagement to their families . 
 for his part mack knew his parents would 've seen through his reasons immediately . 
 they would 've said it was too soon , pointing out that mack and mary jo did n't know each other well enough to make that kind of commitment . 
 they would 've been right . 
 mack had acted on impulse , his desire to protect her overcoming his better judgment . 
 he needed to bide his time and let the relationship progress naturally . 
 one problem was his lack of finesse with women . 
 not that he was totally naive , but none of his relationships prior to meeting mary jo had been serious or long-lasting . 
 he did have a sister-two sisters , actually . 
 only he had n't known about the second one until a few years ago . 
 he 'd always been close to linnette and had now begun to develop a friendship with gloria . 
 linnette had often advised him on relationships , but she 'd moved to some podunk town in north dakota . 
 they managed regular phone conversations ; despite that , mack had n't been smart enough to seek her opinion before he proposed to mary jo . 
 in trying to undo his mistake , mack had committed another one . 
 he 'd broken off the engagement by telling mary jo that although he was fond of her , his real love was for noelle . 
 it 'd seemed like a reasonable approach at the time . 
 he 'd hoped to back out of the engagement and save face as he did-let her save face , too . 
 instead , he 'd further complicated an already complex relationship . 
 if there 'd been a worse way to handle the situation , he could n't imagine it . 
 what he should 've done was simply be honest . 
 whoever said honesty was the best policy-ben franklin ? 
 mother teresa ? 
 bill clinton ? 
 oprah ? 
 - was absolutely correct . 
 then the following morning , mack had been on duty at the fire station . 
 he 'd felt uncomfortable and anxious about seeing mary jo ever since . 
 this was their first encounter since that day . 
 `` i do n't expect to hear from david again , '' mary jo was saying . 
 `` like you said , i think it was an empty threat . 
 he only wants noelle so he can manipulate his father into giving him money . '' 
 mack nodded . 
 `` if you do see him , call me and i 'll deal with him . '' 
 as soon as the words were out , mack wished he could take them back . 
 the whole point of breaking off the engagement was to let mary jo solve her own problems . 
 instead of responding , she occupied herself with rearranging noelle 's blanket . 
 mack rocked back on his heels and removed his hands from his pockets . 
 he wanted to groan . 
 why could n't he keep his mouth shut ? 
 `` i guess i should check the mail , '' he said with a sigh . 
 he 'd just headed over to the mailbox when mary jo called him back . 
 `` i learned something about those letters . '' 
 `` letters ? '' 
 mack asked in confusion . 
 `` the ones i found under the floorboards in the closet . '' 
 that box of world war ii letters had completely slipped his mind . 
 `` tell me , '' he said quickly . 
 `` i 'd rather show you . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` would you like to come by for dinner ? '' 
 she asked . 
 she bit her lip , as if she was n't confident that inviting him was such a good plan , after all . 
 `` i do n't want you to feel any obligation ... '' `` no , i want to , '' he said with more enthusiasm than he 'd intended . 
 `` i mean , if you 're sure about having me over . '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 mack checked his watch . 
 `` it 's quarter after six now . 
 shall we say in an hour ? '' 
 `` an hour , '' she agreed . 
 his spirits lifted . 
 maybe he had n't ruined everything the way he 'd feared . 
 `` see you then , '' he said with a relieved smile . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she smiled back , and he felt a sudden hopefulness . 
 not until he was on his porch steps did it occur to him to ask if there was anything he could contribute . 
 a salad ? 
 no , wine was probably better . 
 he turned and , to his surprise , found mary jo watching him . 
 looking guilty , she glanced away . 
 `` what can i bring ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` for dinner . '' 
 she gave a half shrug . 
 `` i 've got chicken-and-vegetable stew in the crock-pot and i 'm making biscuits . 
 i ca n't think of anything else . '' 
 `` how about a bottle of wine ? '' 
 when she nodded , he said , `` see you around seven . '' 
 after collecting the mail , mack let himself into his side of the duplex , closed the door and breathed deeply . 
 his sense of excitement was nearly overwhelming . 
 in less than an hour he 'd have a chance to make up for the foolish , clumsy way he 'd ended the engagement-with a lie . 
 he 'd have a chance to start again , to reestablish their relationship on a more equal footing . 
 fifteen minutes later , mack had showered , shaved and changed clothes . 
 he threw a load in the washing machine and set the dials . 
 with another half hour to kill , he walked restlessly from room to room . 
 this evening was important , and it could set the tone for many evenings to come . 
 in the past he 'd often visited mary jo and noelle . 
 she 'd regularly invited him over but not , he now suspected , out of any great desire for his company . 
 mary jo was simply accustomed to having people around . 
 until recently she 'd lived with her three older brothers . 
 she 'd cooked for her family , although mack knew they did their share of household chores . 
 she was used to preparing meals for three hungry men ; no wonder she always made enough to feed a family . 
 so it was easy to invite an additional person , mack told himself . 
 she did n't make extra with him in mind . 
 not that he was complaining . 
 far from it . 
 he liked spending time with her , being part of her life . 
 entertaining noelle-that was his job most nights . 
 he held and played with the baby while mary jo finished dinner preparations , and then later , they sat together and watched television or played cards . 
 she had card sense , as his father would 've put it . 
 they talked , too , but not about anything deep or too personal . 
 they 'd talk about what they 'd read or seen on tv , or mutual friends and acquaintances in cedar cove . 
 both were careful to avoid religion and politics , although he guessed they held similar views . 
 at the end of the evening , he 'd kiss her good-night . 
 after their so-called engagement , those kisses had become more brotherly than playful or passionate . 
 that was what had initially convinced him the engagement was all wrong . 
 considering the way david rhodes had treated her , he understood that mary jo would be wary of entering a new relationship . 
 her trust in men-and in her own ability to judge them-had been badly shaken . 
 but surely she 'd come to recognize that mack was a man of his word . 
 that he genuinely cared for her and the baby and would never do anything to bring them harm . 
 he worried that he was n't as good-looking as rhodes . 
 he was n't as smooth , either , but that probably did n't attract mary jo anymore , not after being involved with a player like david . 
 unlike rhodes , mack was n't tall , dark and handsome . 
 he was just under six feet and his brown hair had a hint of auburn in it , which accounted for the sprinkling of freckles across the bridge of his nose . 
 he was an average guy , he supposed . 
 he might work for the fire department , but he doubted anyone would select him for one of those hunk calendars . 
 mary jo , however , was beautiful . 
 he was n't surprised that someone like david rhodes would notice her . 
 mack had long decided that her beauty was part of the problem ; it put her out of his league . 
 he was sure she could have her pick of any man she wanted . 
 all mack could hope for was that , given enough time , she 'd want him . 
 when he knocked at her front door , mary jo immediately opened it , almost as if she 'd been waiting for him , although that was unlikely to be the case . 
 noelle cooed from her seat and waved her arms , and he chose to see that as a greeting just for him . 
 `` how 's my girl ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he handed mary jo the bottle of chilled pinot grigio he 'd taken from his fridge , then walked into the living room and reached for the baby . 
 as he lifted her in his arms he grinned at mary jo . 
 `` i 've only been away a couple of days and i swear she 's grown two inches . '' 
 `` she changes every single day , '' mary jo said . 
 `` i see it , too . '' 
 he tickled noelle 's chin and she gurgled back , which made him laugh . 
 `` there are those world war ii letters , '' mary jo said , pointing at the coffee table . 
 mack looked away from noelle long enough to glance at the cigar box sitting there . 
 he could tell it was faded and a little shabby . 
 `` how many letters were inside ? '' 
 `` dozens . 
 it did n't seem like that many when i found them , but the paper is really thin . '' 
 she 'd been enthralled by her discovery . 
 mack was interested , too-who would n't be ? 
 these letters were a direct link to history , a personal connection to some of the most momentous events of the previous century . 
 `` the article i read on the internet called this paper onionskin and it said the letters were referred to as v-mail . '' 
 she smiled at that . 
 `` i think the v stands for victory . '' 
 she sat on the sofa and mack joined her , still holding the baby . 
 he divided his attention between mary jo and noelle . 
 `` i 've read them twice . 
 they 're addressed to miss joan manry . '' 
 `` i remember . '' 
 mack recalled the recipient 's name , now that she mentioned it , although not the sender 's . 
 he cocked his head but could n't read the return address . 
 `` who are they from ? '' 
 `` his name is jacob dennison and he was a major stationed in europe during the war . 
 some of his letters have black marks on them , but a lot of them do n't have any at all . 
 i assume those marks were put there by censors . 
 you know , i read that there were over two hundred censorship offices . 
 their job was to ensure that military personnel did n't reveal anything sensitive in their letters . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` of course , that does n't explain why these letters were hidden . '' 
 `` i 'm sure that had more to do with joan 's circumstances than jacob 's , '' mack said wryly . 
 `` well , even with the black marks , i 've been able to follow quite a bit . 
 they 're fascinating . 
 i can hardly wait for you to read them . '' 
 mack nodded , caught up in her excitement . 
 `` joan worked at the bremerton shipyard , '' mary jo went on , `` and she lived with her older sister . 
 elaine-that 's her sister-was married and her husband was somewhere in the south pacific . 
 i gather joan met the major at a uso dance and they started writing after he shipped out to england . '' 
 mack gently bounced the baby , to noelle 's evident approval . 
 `` i 'd like to take a look at the letters , '' he said . 
 `` here 's the first one . 
 i put them in chronological order . '' 
 she unfolded the letter carefully and handed it to him . 
 maj. jacob dennison 36354187 hgs . 
 co. . 
 hgs . 
 cond . 
 1st service platoon . 
 u.k. base apo 413 % p > m > n.y. , n.y. january 15 , 1944 dear joan , how 's my best gal ? 
 my only gal ! 
 i just got another letter from you . 
 when i was given the envelope and saw the return address it gave me the biggest smile . 
 i read it three times because it made me feel even closer to you . 
 i 'm awfully homesick , but i close my eyes and see your face and everything seems better . 
 i think about you a lot ; it helps me when i can remember familiar places and people i care about . 
 until i joined the army i 'd never left the state of washington . 
 my mom and dad write me , too . 
 my brother 's in the south pacific and is seeing a lot of action . 
 sometimes i wish i 'd joined the marines instead of the army because i 'm eager to do my part to end this war . 
 no one knows when the invasion 's going to happen . 
 soon , i hope . 
 they have us training day and night . 
 i 'm getting to where i 'm almost used to leaping out of an airplane . 
 that sounds nuts , does n't it ? 
 my mother always said i was a daredevil . 
 i guess she was right . 
 i 'm glad you got the christmas gift i mailed you . 
 sorry it arrived late . 
 i hope that when christmas rolls around this year i 'll be with you . 
 i thought about that a lot when i heard bing crosby on the radio singing `` i 'll be home for christmas . '' 
 i do n't know what to say about elaine . 
 i feel bad that she 's causing you problems . 
 i wish i could figure out what she objects to about me . 
 would it help if i wrote her a letter ? 
 i 'll do whatever you say-anything other than not have you as my girl . 
 i 'll write more when i can . 
 hugs and kisses , jacob mack finished the letter and set it aside . 
 he read the next two in quick succession . 
 `` are n't these letters wonderful ? '' 
 mary jo was watching his reaction avidly . 
 mack had to agree . 
 `` yeah , they are . '' 
 he reached for another . 
 maj. jacob dennison 36354187 hgs . 
 co. . 
 hgs . 
 cond . 
 1st service platoon . 
 u.k. base apo 413 % p > m > n.y. , n.y. march 3 , 1944 dear joan , how 's my best gal ? 
 i got a day pass earlier in the week and went to london and ate fish and chips . 
 they were the most delicious i ever tasted , and that 's saying something , since i was born and raised near puget sound . 
 my dad loved to fish and my mom fried up the best trout you can imagine . 
 this fish was different and they served it wrapped up in newspaper . 
 i even took the train to stratford and got to see one of shakespeare 's plays . 
 did you ever see king lear ? 
 i 'm not much for that fancy language , but it was a good story and it broke up the monotony . 
 some of the guys got drunk and did n't get back to base on time . 
 do n't get me wrong-i drank my share of brew , but i was smart enough not to overdo it . 
 thank you for writing . 
 i ca n't tell you how much your letters mean to me . 
 the instant i see 1022 evergreen place on the corner of the envelope , my spirits rise . 
 meeting you was the best thing that ever happened to me . 
 i love you , joan . 
 you said it 's too soon for me to tell you that , but i know what i feel . 
 it is n't just being away from home like you suggested , either . 
 this is real . 
 you said you ca n't really get to know a person through letters . 
 i think you can . 
 i feel as though i know you , and can you honestly say you do n't know me ? 
 when i get home , god willing , i 'll ask you properly , down on one knee , to be my wife . 
 i 'll write again tomorrow . 
 write me again , too . 
 i 'll keep in touch as much as i can . 
 it 's lights-out so i 'll sign off for now . 
 hugs and kisses , jacob mary jo leaned forward slightly . 
 `` were you able to find out anything about the previous house owner ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i want to learn whatever i can about joan and jacob . '' 
 mack had forgotten that he 'd volunteered to check with `` the landlord '' - although it was hardly necessary , since he owned the duplex . 
 he regretted now that he 'd lied to mary jo about that . 
 he knew she 'd be upset at the low rent he was charging her if she realized he was her landlord . 
 she 'd feel he was patronizing her or maybe that he expected something in return . 
 mack suppressed a despairing sigh . 
 he just kept digging himself a deeper hole . 
 one of these days he 'd have to tell her the truth-and he would , when the time felt right . 
 although he was n't quite sure how he 'd recognize that moment of clarity ... `` i did say i 'd look into that , did n't i ? 
 i apologize , but i have n't got to it yet . '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' she said , accepting his answer easily enough . 
 `` ready to eat ? '' 
 he saw that the table was set , with the pot of stew and a plate of biscuits placed in the middle of the table , wine and water glasses by each plate . 
 `` i fed noelle before you got here , '' she told him . 
 that was his cue to put the baby back in her seat and sit down at the table , which he did . 
 mary jo was an excellent cook-as good as his mother , and that was a real compliment . 
 her own parents died when she was still in high school , and she 'd taken over kitchen duties , more out of necessity than desire . 
 still , she seemed to enjoy cooking and took pride in putting together meals that were nutritious as well as appealing . 
 he was no slouch in the kitchen , if he did say so himself , but until she 'd moved in next door , his meals had been haphazard affairs . 
 other than when it was his turn at the firehouse , he never really bothered with cooking . 
 he usually relied on frozen microwave dinners or the various fast-food choices available in cedar cove . 
 he did n't make a habit of dropping by unannounced at his parents ' , but whenever he did , his mother always insisted he stay for dinner . 
 mack did n't often refuse . 
 `` hey , this is great , '' he told mary jo after the first bite . 
 and it was . 
 tender chunks of chicken , fresh vegetables that were n't cooked to mush , lots of flavorful broth . 
 the biscuits that accompanied it melted in his mouth . 
 `` a guy could get used to eating like this , '' he said jovially . 
 mary jo did n't comment . 
 oh , boy , he 'd done it again . 
 would he never learn ? 
 `` i , uh , did n't mean that the way it sounded . 
 i just wanted you to know the meal 's delicious ... i 'm not suggesting anything else . '' 
 mary jo carefully set her fork next to her plate . 
 `` i was afraid of this . '' 
 `` afraid of what ? '' 
 he swallowed before he 'd finished chewing , and the biscuit nearly stuck in his throat . 
 `` it 's still awkward between us , do n't you think ? '' 
 he nodded , grabbing his wineglass and gulping down a mouthful . 
 `` you do n't need to work so hard , mack . '' 
 he frowned , unsure what she meant . 
 `` we 're friends , right ? '' 
 `` friends , '' he repeated . 
 `` good , '' she said . 
 she seemed satisfied . 
 `` friends are comfortable with each other . 
 we should n't worry that what we say is going to be taken wrong or out of context . '' 
 he coughed and nodded again . 
 `` then relax and enjoy yourself . 
 stop worrying that i 'll be offended , okay ? '' 
 she sent him a dazzling smile . 
 `` okay , '' he said . 
 this comment was supposed to put him at ease , and yet her words had the opposite effect . 
 yes , they were friends , but mack had hoped they would be so much more . 
 two it still felt strange , yet , oh , so wonderful , to wake up every morning with his wife beside him . 
 linc wyse had grown accustomed to married life with a speed that astonished him . 
 he 'd been caught up in a whirlwind from the moment he met lori bellamy . 
 less than two months ago , her car had broken down on the highway . 
 linc had been in cedar cove checking up on his stubborn little sister , who 'd moved out of the family home and into a duplex next door to mcafee . 
 the firefighter had delivered noelle , and next thing linc knew , the guy was her neighbor . 
 he seemed to be over at mary jo 's far too often , and linc considered it his responsibility-his duty-to make sure nothing untoward was going on . 
 he was n't entirely comfortable with the situation his sister had gotten herself into now . 
 one man had already taken advantage of her , and linc was n't letting that happen again . 
 he did n't care how many times mary jo told him to butt out and to stop interfering . 
 lori made a faint , waking sound , then yawned and arched her back before snuggling into linc 's arms . 
 `` is it morning ? '' 
 she asked , still groggy with sleep . 
 linc kissed the top of her head . 
 mornings with lori were the very best of his life . 
 `` so it seems . '' 
 `` i 'll make coffee . '' 
 she leaned over to turn off the clock radio , cutting off a traffic report in midsentence . 
 when she started to toss aside the covers , linc stopped her . 
 `` no need to get up so soon , is there ? '' 
 he nuzzled her neck and slipped his arm around her , bringing her closer . 
 she was warm and soft and infinitely lovely . 
 `` i did n't think you were the sort of man who liked to linger in bed , '' lori teased as she slid her arms around his neck . 
 her br ** sts grazed his chest and he briefly closed his eyes at the sensation . 
 `` i never used to be , '' he murmured . 
 `` until now . '' 
 she had no idea how true that was . 
 as the oldest , linc had held the family together after his parents died-the family and the business . 
 he was the first one at the car repair shop every morning and the last one to leave at night . 
 all he 'd done was work and worry . 
 he worried about his family , about the business , about the economy . 
 if there was something to lose sleep over , linc was ready to take it on . 
 then he 'd met lori . 
 his relationships with women had always soured and he 'd never been able to figure out where he 'd gone wrong . 
 but it was definitely a pattern ; he 'd meet someone , things would be great for a while and then it was over . 
 he did n't understand it . 
 mary jo claimed he was too `` bossy '' and `` controlling '' but she was n't exactly a relationship expert , so he ignored her opinion-and the cycle of ever-shorter romances had continued . 
 but all of that changed the night he 'd stopped to help when lori 's car had broken down . 
 he 'd nearly driven past . 
 he 'd already put in a long day and he was still annoyed by the heated argument he 'd had with his sister . 
 but he 'd stopped , because if it was mary jo stranded there on the highway linc would want someone like him to help . 
 so he 'd pulled over . 
 lori 's car had run out of gas and he 'd taken her to a service station . 
 they 'd ended up having dinner together , and then spent hours talking during the next few days . 
 linc had learned that lori had recently come out of a broken engagement-to a man who 'd gone to prison for theft . 
 not surprisingly , it had left her disillusioned . 
 linc knew the feeling well . 
 she was an old-fashioned kind of woman who expected a man to behave honorably . 
 he was an old-fashioned kind of guy who demanded honor from himself and others . 
 on impulse , before they could talk themselves out of it , they decided to get married . 
 it was crazy . 
 it was wonderful . 
 linc had never in his life felt this happy and carefree . 
 `` why are you smiling ? '' 
 lori asked , rising up on one elbow to study his face . 
 just looking at his wife made his chest tighten . 
 `` i never in a million years thought i 'd sleep in a canopy bed under pink sheets and be okay with it . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` more than okay . '' 
 now it was lori 's turn to smile . 
 `` i told you it would n't be so bad , did n't i ? '' 
 `` not that i remember . 
 what i recall is the promise you made when you lured me to your bed . '' 
 `` lured you ? '' 
 she raised her eyebrows . 
 `` as i recall , you hauled me into your arms , slammed my bedroom door and carried me across the room caveman-style . '' 
 `` caveman ? 
 please . '' 
 `` he-man , then . '' 
 he-man , he could live with . 
 `` after that , i did n't even notice the canopy , which was what you intended all along . '' 
 `` do you mind it now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 linc shrugged . 
 he 'd lived with his brothers for so many years , he did n't pay attention to all the froufrou stuff women had . 
 mary jo probably had it , too , but she was his baby sister , so that was different . 
 everything about lori had his attention from the moment she 'd stepped out of her car that first evening . 
 and when she 'd emerged from the bedroom in that black silk piece-of-nothing on their wedding night ... the memory still excited him . 
 `` i 'll make coffee , '' she volunteered again when he did n't respond . 
 `` not so soon , '' he said , kissing her until they were both breathless . 
 he watched as her eyes widened and she realized what he wanted . 
 `` linc ! 
 i have to get ready for work ! '' 
 `` you wo n't be late , '' he promised as he urged her onto her back and brought his mouth to hers . 
 ah , yes , marriage had a lot to recommend it , and linc was going to enjoy every minute . 
 a half hour later , having forgone coffee , lori was rushing to get dressed when linc stepped out of the shower . 
 her makeup-not that he felt she needed it-was done . 
 she wore a business skirt and was pulling on a soft blue sweater . 
 `` what are you doing today ? '' 
 she asked as she adjusted the neckline . 
 `` i 'm signing the closing papers on the garage . '' 
 she looked surprised . 
 `` the deal went through already ? '' 
 linc stood in the doorway to the tiny bathroom , a towel wrapped around his waist . 
 `` it sat empty for two years and the owner really wanted to sell . '' 
 linc planned to open a branch of the family business , wyse men auto and body shop-formerly three wyse men-in cedar cove . 
 his brothers were competent enough to handle everything in seattle . 
 by starting a second shop , he was giving them an opportunity to succeed on their own . 
 besides , one of the three needed to be close at hand to keep an eye on mary jo , although he had to admit that was more of an excuse than a reason . 
 linc liked living in cedar cove . 
 okay , to be honest , he liked living with lori . 
 `` i only work until three this afternoon , '' lori said , moving about the room . 
 she slipped her arms into a black jacket that did n't match the skirt but looked good with it , then pinned a cameo to the lapel . 
 even linc , most comfortable in a t-shirt and jeans , recognized that lori had a real sense of style . 
 he supposed it was why she worked in a high-end dress shop in silverdale . 
 she dabbled in designing , too , and knew how to sew . 
 `` i 'll get groceries on the way home . '' 
 she brushed her hair , slung her purse over her shoulder and was about to leave . 
 linc grabbed her hand . 
 `` are n't you going to kiss me goodbye ? '' 
 a smile made her eyes sparkle mischievously . 
 `` no , kissing leads to other things and i 'm already late . '' 
 `` one kiss , '' he begged . 
 `` please ? '' 
 `` linc , '' she groaned , but then complied . 
 her kiss left him weak in the knees . 
 he had to clear his throat before he could speak again . 
 `` i 'll be back from the title company around four . '' 
 `` great . 
 i 'll pick up a bottle of wine so we can celebrate . '' 
 `` good idea . '' 
 `` see you later , '' she said , and kissed him again , letting her mouth linger over his . 
 she was well aware of what she was doing to him , and he nearly staggered backward when she abruptly broke away . 
 `` you 're an evil woman , lori wyse , '' he called after her . 
 linc headed out fifteen minutes after lori . 
 he had several stops to make , plus he needed to drive into seattle and meet with his brothers about the business there . 
 by the time he returned to cedar cove , he had to sign the papers for the garage . 
 that all took longer than he 'd expected and it was almost five when he 'd finished . 
 linc collected the keys to the garage and went home , hoping to pick up lori and take her down to see the garage . 
 he had a notebook filled with ideas on how to build the business . 
 he wanted to tell her about them , and above all , he wanted to share this moment with her . 
 they 'd take the wine over to the property and toast there . 
 when linc arrived home , he saw a black town car parked in the very spot where he normally left his truck . 
 even before he reached their apartment , he heard raised voices . 
 `` do n't say that , daddy ! '' 
 lori cried . 
 she sounded close to tears . 
 oh , boy . 
 lori had n't told her family yet that they were married . 
 linc did n't understand why she 'd delayed , but the decision was hers . 
 when he 'd asked her about it , linc could see how uncomfortable the subject made her , so he 'd dropped it . 
 now her father was upset , and frankly , linc did n't blame him . 
 he 'd do his best to set things straight . 
 squaring his shoulders , linc opened the door and walked into the living room . 
 lori stood next to the fireplace , her father-a balding , heavyset man-no more than a foot away . 
 one of his hands was raised , as if he 'd been wagging his finger at her . 
 the other was clenched at his side . 
 at linc 's entrance , they both turned to stare at him . 
 `` hello , '' linc said , hoping he sounded calm and composed . 
 `` you must be lori 's father . 
 a pleasure to meet you , mr. bellamy . '' 
 he thrust out his hand , which the older man ignored . 
 instead , leonard bellamy turned back to his daughter . 
 `` is that the man ? '' 
 `` daddy , this is my husband , lincoln wyse . 
 linc ... this is my father . '' 
 linc walked over to lori 's side and placed his arm protectively around her shoulders . 
 bellamy continued to ignore him . 
 `` you 've pulled some stupid stunts in your life , but this takes the cake . '' 
 `` mr. bellamy , i realize - '' `` if i want to hear from you , i 'll say so , '' the older man shouted . 
 `` do n't you have any sense , lori marie ? 
 you married this man and you do n't even know him ? 
 what about his family ? 
 who are his people ? '' 
 `` if you 'd allow me - '' `` you , '' leonard said , pointing an accusing finger at linc , `` mind your own business . 
 this is between me and my daughter . '' 
 lori squeezed his arm , indicating that linc should do as her father said . 
 he did n't like it , but he clenched his jaw and waited impatiently for the other man to get to the end of his rant . 
 `` first , you were engaged to that ... that felon . '' 
 `` geoff was a mistake . '' 
 `` a mistake ! '' 
 leonard shouted . 
 `` so that 's what you 're calling him . 
 he was a major embarrassment to the whole family . 
 how do you think your mother and i felt when we had to cancel the wedding ? 
 we could n't even say it was wedding-day jitters or make up a decent excuse . 
 oh , no . 
 geoff 's name was plastered across the front page of every newspaper on the kitsap peninsula . 
 everyone in the entire county knew why the wedding was canceled . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i did n't know what kind of man geoff was , '' lori said , defending herself . 
 her voice quavered with mortification . 
 `` i agree i misjudged geoff , but you liked him , too , remember ? '' 
 her father brushed off her comment . 
 `` what makes you think you have better judgment this time ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` how long did you two know each other , anyway ? '' 
 `` long enough , '' linc said , unable to remain silent . 
 `` i asked you to stay out of this , '' bellamy shouted . 
 he started pacing , then stopped and glared at lori . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 briefly he closed his eyes . 
 `` what on earth possessed you to marry a stranger ? '' 
 `` daddy ... '' `` can you imagine how your mother felt to have a friend-mind you , a friend-announce that you 'd recently married ? '' 
 `` daddy , please ... '' `` you could n't have told us yourself ? '' 
 he bellowed , refusing to let lori explain . 
 `` mr. bellamy , '' linc said , trying again . 
 lori covered her face with both hands and began to sob . 
 `` you 've really done it this time , '' leonard said . 
 `` you 've consistently shown poor judgment , and worse , you never seem to learn from your mistakes . '' 
 frowning , linc took a step forward . 
 he understood why lori 's father was upset , but the man was crossing the line now . 
 `` no one in the family has ever done anything like this . 
 your mother 's beside herself . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' lori sobbed . 
 `` as you should be . 
 you made one stupid mistake and then you immediately followed that up with another . '' 
 he whirled around and studied linc through narrowed eyes . 
 `` a mechanic , lori ? 
 for heaven 's sake , why would you marry a mechanic ? 
 it is n't embarrassing enough that our daughter elopes without a word to her family , but then you have to marry a man with oil under his fingernails , an uncouth , uneducated ... mechanic ? 
 what 's the matter with you , girl ? 
 do n't you have a brain in your head ? '' 
 `` mr. bellamy , '' linc said , his voice hard . 
 it was one thing to belittle him , but linc was n't going to stand idly by while lori 's father chastised her as if she were a child . 
 `` i can see why you 're upset . 
 i 'll be the first to admit that we rushed into this marriage , but that does n't give you the right to come to our home and ridicule my wife . '' 
 `` your home ? '' 
 the other man 's face reddened . 
 lori 's hand tightened around linc 's forearm and she squeezed hard . 
 `` this building belongs to my parents , '' she whispered . 
 `` i do n't pay rent . '' 
 linc had n't known that-and wished she 'd told him . 
 `` if you want us to move , we 'll be out by the end of the month , '' he offered . 
 `` i want you out , all right , '' bellamy raged , jerking one thumb at the door . 
 `` out of my daughter 's life . '' 
 that was n't going to happen . 
 rather than argue , linc shook his head . 
 `` lori and i are married . '' 
 her father snorted contemptuously . 
 `` you saw a good thing , did n't you ? 
 lori was easy prey . 
 she was at a low point in her life and you decided to take advantage of her because of her name . '' 
 the name meant nothing to linc . 
 `` bellamy ? '' 
 `` lori comes from a wealthy family and you were trying to - '' `` now , just a minute here ! '' 
 despite his efforts , linc was fast losing his temper . 
 `` i do n't need your money or your name . '' 
 bellamy scowled back at him , his expression filled with disbelief and disdain . 
 `` we 'll see about that . '' 
 his threat hung heavy in the air . 
 linc would n't allow bellamy to intimidate him . 
 `` you might own this building , but you do n't own your daughter . 
 i suggest you leave now , before we both say or do something we 'll regret . '' 
 bellamy jabbed his index finger at linc several times , then whirled around and stormed out the door . 
 he slammed it so hard the windows rattled . 
 the room seemed to vibrate with tension . 
 lori burst into tears , and linc put his arms around her . 
 he held her tight against him , his shirt absorbing her tears as he gently stroked her hair . 
 `` my mother 's friend brenda owns the dress shop and ... she must 've told mom . 
 she promised she would n't say anything until i 'd spoken to my parents but ... '' `` it 's okay , lori , '' linc whispered into her hair . 
 `` we should 've told them sooner . '' 
 `` i know ... i know-but i was afraid of what my father would say , what he might do ... '' `` he 'll get used to the idea soon enough . '' 
 linc said , hoping that was true . 
 `` you do n't know my father . '' 
 `` we 'll give him time , '' linc said . 
 `` i 'll do everything i can to prove to your family that i 'm going to be a good husband . '' 
 `` it wo n't matter , '' she whispered . 
 `` daddy will never forgive me ... he was still angry about geoff and-and then i married you . '' 
 `` do you want to end the marriage ? '' 
 he felt obliged to ask . 
 `` no , never , '' she said , her arms tightening around him . 
 `` me , neither , '' linc murmured , and he thought he felt her smile against his shoulder . 
 `` come on , '' he said , easing her out of his arms . 
 `` we have some celebrating to do . '' 
 she looked up at him blankly . 
 `` i signed the final papers for the garage this afternoon , remember ? '' 
 lori smiled weakly , then slipped her arms around him again . 
 `` i do n't care what my family thinks . 
 i 'm grateful i married you . '' 
 linc was grateful , too . 
 swinging her into his arms , he moved toward the bedroom . 
 `` will it always be like this ? '' 
 she asked , sighing as she kissed his jaw . 
 `` i hope not , '' he said with a chuckle . 
 `` this much happiness just might kill me . '' 
 three staring at the phone on his desk , will jefferson mentally prepared to call shirley bliss-again . 
 twice now she 'd come up with a convenient excuse to turn down his invitations . 
 either the woman had an incredibly active social life or she was n't interested . 
 without being vain , he found that difficult to believe . 
 okay , he was a little vain . 
 he knew he was a good-looking charmer-smooth but not too smooth . 
 smart , successful and sexy , the latter according to more than one woman . 
 he was also persistent . 
 he had n't come this far in life without a healthy dose of good old-fashioned grit . 
 he 'd returned to his hometown , purchased a failing art gallery and was determined to make a fresh start . 
 admittedly he 'd made his share of mistakes . 
 if he had it to do over again , he would 've done certain things differently . 
 for one , he would 've paid a lot more attention to his kid sister 's best friend , grace . 
 years later grace did attract his notice , but by then it was too late . 
 they 'd reconnected shortly after will learned of dan sherman 's death . 
 he 'd sent her a sympathy card and , on a whim , added his email address . 
 not long after that , they 'd begun a friendly correspondence . 
 will had n't known about the crush grace had on him while they were in high school . 
 that information had soothed his ego . 
 his marriage was deteriorating ; he and georgia were just going through the motions . 
 about five years into the marriage he 'd stumbled into an affair with one of the women from his office . 
 naturally he regretted it and begged georgia to forgive him . 
 she did , and he was grateful . 
 yet his indiscretion had always been there between them , like a bad break that had never totally healed . 
 a broken limb could remain weak forever after , unable to tolerate pressure or stress . 
 her forgiveness had n't been complete , he realized now . 
 it was as if she 'd been waiting for him to do it again . 
 and he had . 
 but will did n't blame georgia . 
 after all , he was the one who 'd strayed . 
 still , his wife had given him the cold shoulder for so long that when a friendly young waitress flirted with him , he 'd been flattered and receptive . 
 sally was young , attractive and impressionable , and he 'd responded . 
 georgia knew about it . 
 she had to have known , but she did n't say a word and neither did he . 
 sally wanted him to leave georgia and he might have if not for the fact that georgia was diagnosed with breast cancer . 
 he could n't walk out on his wife when she needed him most . 
 after two years sally ended the relationship . 
 thankfully georgia recovered and for a while he thought they might be able to have a successful marriage . 
 he 'd tried to make her happy , to recapture what they 'd shared in the early days . 
 each week he brought home flowers and gifts ; he 'd suggested date nights and made a genuine effort to win back his wife . 
 yet nothing he did seemed to bring the light of love and affection to her eyes . 
 apparently it was too late ; he 'd cheated not once but twice , and she never trusted him again . 
 at that point , he was only in his late forties and , except for convenience and companionship , his marriage was dead . 
 in the years that followed he had several other affairs . 
 georgia no longer seemed to mind and after a while these little flings did n't bother his conscience , either . 
 as it was , he and georgia lived more like siblings than husband and wife . 
 and yet they stayed together . 
 he supposed it was easier for both of them than not staying together , particularly since their business and social lives were intertwined . 
 he 'd misled grace into thinking he was divorcing georgia . 
 he did n't want to lose her the same way he had sally . 
 he 'd fully intended to explain his situation ... when the time felt right . 
 grace was everything he wanted , but will had blown it . 
 before he could explain the whole complicated mess , she was out of his life . 
 nothing he said or did afterward changed her resolve . 
 what she never knew , what he 'd never had a chance to tell her , was that if she 'd asked he would 've left georgia . 
 not right away but soon . 
 as soon as he 'd made the necessary arrangements . 
 will had done more harm than good in his efforts to get her back . 
 by this time grace had met and fallen in love with cliff harding . 
 she wanted nothing more to do with will . 
 desperate to prove he cared , will had acted like a total fool at the farmers ' market and started a fist-fight with cliff . 
 he must 've been out of his mind . 
 the incident still made him cringe with embarrassment . 
 it was at this stage that will 's life began to fall apart . 
 georgia found out about grace , although they had n't done anything more than email and talk on the phone . 
 still , his online relationship was the crack that broke his marriage wide-open . 
 after all the years , all the extramarital affairs georgia had purposely ignored , she left him because he 'd sent a few emails to an old friend . 
 ironic , to say the least . 
 in retrospect , will was relieved . 
 his marriage had been over for years . 
 although he 'd never expected to reach retirement age alone , that was his life now . 
 hard as it was to accept at the time , he and georgia were better off apart . 
 once the divorce was final , will had moved home , back to cedar cove and the only family he had . 
 returning to town after all these years had n't been easy , especially since he 'd arrived with nothing but a rental truck and a few suitcases . 
 he 'd sublet an apartment while he searched for some way to fill his time . 
 olivia was the one who suggested he consider buying the art gallery . 
 leave it to his sister to steer him toward a worthy purpose . 
 the gallery had been about to close , and he 'd bought the business , any remaining stock and the building itself , which was one of the oldest in town and in need of repair . 
 to this day will was n't sure why he 'd thought he could make a success of this . 
 but then , he 'd always enjoyed a challenge . 
 drawing a deep breath , he picked up the phone . 
 he knew shirley bliss 's number by heart . 
 he 'd called so often that his fingers hit the numbers automatically . 
 shirley , a widowed artist whose work he 'd displayed , interested him in a way no woman had since grace sherman-grace harding now . 
 he 'd fallen for grace and come so close to making her part of his life ; the fact that it had n't happened still depressed him . 
 `` hello . '' 
 shirley 's teenage daughter , tanni , answered his call . 
 `` hello , tanni , '' will said cheerfully . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 `` okay , i guess . '' 
 `` you heard from shaw lately ? '' 
 he asked . 
 by pulling a few strings he 'd been instrumental in getting tanni 's boyfriend into the san francisco art institute . 
 he wanted shirley to be in his debt , although so far she 'd shown little appreciation . 
 `` not really . '' 
 the girl 's voice tensed . 
 clearly this was a delicate subject and one he should avoid . 
 `` is your mother home ? '' 
 he asked next . 
 not having had children , will felt at a distinct disadvantage while talking to teenagers . 
 `` she 's in the dungeon . '' 
 `` the dungeon ? '' 
 `` the basement , '' tanni said . 
 `` where she works . '' 
 oh , her studio . 
 `` would you mind letting her know i 'm on the phone ? '' 
 the girl hesitated . 
 `` mom does n't like to be disturbed when she 's working . '' 
 evidently tanni was prepared to stand guard over the moat leading to the castle-and the dungeon . 
 `` just tell her i 'm on the phone , if you would . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 she did n't seem pleased about it . 
 will heard tanni set the phone down and walk away , her shoes tapping against the floor . 
 then he could hear her shout into the basement . 
 after a few minutes she returned and picked up the receiver . 
 `` mom says if you sold another piece , would you please put the check in the mail . '' 
 `` i did n't . 
 tell her i have a question for her . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 once again will heard her set the phone down , trot across the room and shout . 
 he did n't hear anything for another minute or so . 
 then ... `` this is shirley . '' 
 if he 'd recognized the lack of welcome in tanni 's voice , it came through even more clearly in her mother 's . 
 `` i hope i 'm not interrupting you . '' 
 will forced himself to sound his most charming . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 some of the irritation left her voice . 
 `` i was in the middle of something but i needed a break , anyway . '' 
 he relaxed a bit . 
 `` i called to see if you were available this saturday night . 
 i have tickets for the playhouse . '' 
 he did n't give her a chance to reject yet another invitation . 
 instead , he continued in a conversational tone . 
 `` peggy beldon stopped by earlier in the week . 
 she 's redecorating the master bedroom and bought an original piece-a collage . 
 she mentioned that bob 's starring in the production of fiddler on the roof . 
 that 's a favorite of mine and i like to support our local theater . '' 
 `` this saturday ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` oh , will , i 'm sorry but i promised miranda i 'd attend the fundraiser at the library this saturday . '' 
 okay , he 'd half expected this kind of response . 
 `` i might be able to trade in the tickets for another night . '' 
 he was n't giving up that easily . 
 `` unlikely , '' shirley said , and he heard a hint of regret in her voice-or thought he did . 
 `` i read in the chronicle this morning that the tickets have completely sold out . 
 the theater might add extra shows . '' 
 `` well , maybe we can go to one of those . '' 
 `` maybe , '' shirley said . 
 `` what about sunday ? '' 
 he blurted out , not sure what to suggest . 
 a stroll along the waterfront ? 
 a movie ? 
 coffee ? 
 he 'd tried all those before and gotten nowhere . 
 `` that wo n't work , either . 
 miranda and i - '' `` just who is miranda ? '' 
 will asked , gritting his teeth . 
 he 'd never heard the other woman 's name before and all of a sudden it was miranda this and miranda that . 
 he had n't even met the woman and already he had the distinct feeling she was a troublemaker . 
 `` miranda 's a good friend . 
 we 've known each other for years . 
 we drifted apart but after my husband died we reconnected . 
 miranda lost hugh , her husband , about five years ago . 
 you might 've heard of him-hugh sullivan , a landscape painter . 
 anyway , she 's been helping me navigate widowhood . '' 
 will wanted to be the one to guide shirley to new love and a new life . 
 he 'd hoped they could find this path to happiness together . 
 `` i think it might be best if we tried to get together another time , '' she said with finality . 
 before he could propose another potential outing , shirley ended the conversation . 
 `` thanks for calling , will . 
 bye now . '' 
 he could n't come up with anything fast enough to stop her from disconnecting . 
 when he started to sputter something , the telephone droned in his ear . 
 shaking his head , he hung up . 
 perhaps he was losing his touch . 
 it was n't his looks . 
 even now that he 'd grown older , his brown hair with its silver accents gave him the distinguished appearance of a man who was confident and comfortable with himself . 
 he routinely worked out ; he was n't fanatical about exercise but he kept in shape . 
 although he 'd recently purchased the gallery , he 'd managed his finances effectively . 
 he was n't rich , but he was well off . 
 georgia , being georgia , had been more than fair in their divorce settlement . 
 apparently she felt guilty for filing . 
 another irony , since he was the one who 'd cheated on her . 
 he knew his mother and sister kept in touch with his ex . 
 he did n't . 
 contact between them would be just too ... awkward . 
 will did n't know what it was about him that scared shirley bliss away . 
 so many women fawned over him , and attracting the opposite sex had never been a problem until he met shirley . 
 despite her skittishness , will sensed that she was attracted to him , that she wanted to know him better . 
 for whatever reason , shirley could n't or would n't let him get close . 
 then he understood . 
 the answer should 've been obvious . 
 shirley did want to date him . 
 she felt , just as he did , that they 'd be terrific together . 
 she felt the same sparks will did . 
 but shirley was afraid . 
 that was understandable . 
 he should 've recognized it long ago . 
 after years of being married to the same man , shirley was terrified of what would happen if she allowed herself to have strong feelings for someone else . 
 now that he 'd figured it out , will decided he could afford to take some time to work on a strategy to convince her ... saturday night , after closing , he looked through the gallery windows and caught a glimpse of the flickering lights of the shipyard across the cove . 
 down at the marina , sailboats bobbed on the gentle swell of the wake created by the bremerton ferry . 
 from there , his gaze moved toward the library . 
 he 'd read about the fundraiser but had n't thought much about it until shirley said she had plans to go with her friend . 
 doubt flickered in his mind . 
 he could n't help wondering if what she 'd said was true-if she really was at the fundraiser . 
 the only way of confirming it was to show up there himself . 
 he did n't have any other plans , since he was n't willing to attend the theater on his own . 
 so will made the sudden decision to become a library supporter . 
 he still found it uncomfortable to see grace , but she needed to know he 'd moved on , too , and there was no better way to prove it . 
 he shaved and splashed on a light dose of citrusy cologne , then put on a gray vest his mother had knit him on impossibly small needles . 
 he could n't begin to imagine how many hours this had taken charlotte . 
 will tended to wear it on special occasions and this evening , he felt , was special-an opportunity to make a real connection with shirley . 
 with his hands in his pants pockets , will walked casually down the hill to the library . 
 even before he reached the end of the block he could hear the music drifting up from the open library doors . 
 grace had brought in a chamber music group ; this event was more formal and elegant than he 'd assumed . 
 as he entered the library , the first person he saw was his sister , olivia . 
 her husband , jack griffin , stood attentively by her side , and will recognized the concern on his face . 
 his sister was recovering from cancer . 
 just before christmas they 'd nearly lost her to a massive infection with temperatures high enough to make her delirious . 
 the episode had shaken the entire family , as well as her many friends . 
 like grace . 
 will had viewed olivia with fresh eyes after seeing her so ill . 
 the surge of love and protectiveness he 'd felt had taken him by surprise . 
 he had n't realized how deeply he loved his little sister . 
 will was n't aware that he was blocking the doorway until someone politely asked to step past . 
 `` sorry , '' he mumbled as he went farther into the room . 
 waiters moved among the throng hoisting trays with champagne flutes and tiny hors d'oeuvres . 
 it occurred to will that he might need a ticket . 
 he saw a woman at a table collecting money and hurried toward her . 
 while he waited in line , he glanced around , hoping to find shirley . 
 a moment later he did . 
 she stood talking to grace ; the woman beside her must be miranda . 
 as if shirley 's friend felt his gaze she turned in his direction . 
 her eyes locked on him and then ever so slowly narrowed . 
 will stared back . 
 miranda said something to shirley , who instantly looked at him . 
 then she nodded . 
 so miranda had asked about him . 
 that was interesting , he thought , as he surreptitiously observed shirley 's friend . 
 she stood nearly a head taller than shirley . 
 will suspected miranda was close to six feet ; he was six-one . 
 by contrast , shirley was petite , delicate , fine-boned . 
 miranda was none of those things . 
 he paid for his ticket and decided to approach shirley . 
 perhaps they could mingle for a while and then ditch her friend and go to dinner . 
 he did n't see any need to waste a beautiful evening . 
 on his way over to shirley , he grabbed a flute and took a sip . 
 not real champagne , but a decent sparkling wine , probably a california label . 
 shirley gave a small wave and started toward him . 
 miranda came with her . 
 both women held half-full flutes that they balanced carefully as they walked . 
 `` will , '' shirley said , smiling up at him warmly . 
 `` i did n't expect to see you here . 
 were n't you going to the theater ? '' 
 `` last-minute change of plans , '' he said , returning her smile . 
 he flicked a glance at her friend . 
 as if suddenly realizing she needed to make introductions , shirley said , `` this is the friend i mentioned . 
 miranda sullivan , will jefferson . '' 
 `` pleased to meet you , '' miranda said , sounding anything but . 
 her attitude annoyed him . 
 `` same here , '' he responded , matching her tone . 
 what was this woman 's problem , anyway ? 
 she seemed to disapprove of him for some reason , even though she knew next to nothing about him . 
 shirley appeared to notice because she looked quickly from one to the other . 
 `` i was just telling miranda how grateful i am for all your help with tanni and shaw . '' 
 he bowed his head . 
 `` i was happy to be of assistance . 
 shaw is a talented young artist who deserved a hand up . '' 
 miranda smiled cynically but did n't comment . 
 `` speaking of tanni , i see she came , after all , '' shirley said breathlessly . 
 `` if you 'll both excuse me for a moment , i think i should check on her . '' 
 she headed toward the door , leaving will alone with miranda . 
 he did n't usually take an immediate dislike to anyone , especially a woman . 
 he supposed he was reacting , at least partially , to her dislike of him . 
 he could n't understand it , unless she 'd heard rumors ... perhaps his reputation had preceded him . 
 however , he was n't particularly worried . 
 instead , he made up his mind to treat her as a challenge . 
 she was shirley 's friend , and if he could make her an ally , his chances with shirley might improve . 
 `` so you 're a good friend of shirley 's ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` a very good friend , '' she told him , and brought the flute to her lips . 
 `` what makes you ask ? '' 
 she was direct and , as he 'd guessed , did n't seem too fond of him . 
 switching tactics , will decided to be equally direct . 
 `` the look you gave me . '' 
 her dark eyebrows arched slightly . 
 `` i gave you a look ? '' 
 `` did n't you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 he smiled softly and had to admit he was rather amused by this silly game . 
 `` liar . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` the fact is , mr. jefferson , i do n't think i like you . '' 
 he should 've asked why , but the truth was , he did n't really care . 
 he met her eyes . 
 `` actually , the feeling is mutual , but we do have one thing in common-our high regard for shirley . '' 
 miranda answered with a short nod . 
 `` so that gives us common ground , agreed ? '' 
 she studied the bubbly liquid in her glass . 
 `` agreed , '' she finally said . 
 `` do n't you feel it would be easier on shirley if we made an effort to get along ? '' 
 this required more consideration on her part . 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 `` on a different but related matter , i 'm looking for someone who 's knowledgeable about the local art community to pitch in at the gallery when i need it . '' 
 he remembered what shirley had told him about miranda 's husband . 
 `` i gather from shirley that you 're eminently qualified , '' he said . 
 a stretch , perhaps , but whatever worked ... `` would you be willing to consider doing that ? '' 
 he really could use the help , she could probably handle the work and , with her at the gallery , he might be able to gain information about shirley . 
 in fact , this idea might be impetuous but it was a stroke of genius . 
 `` my husband was an artist , '' she murmured . 
 `` hugh sullivan , the landscape painter . '' 
 he made a mental note to do some quick research on hugh . 
 she smiled , a smile he found a trifle condescending . 
 `` i 'll think about it , mr. jefferson . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he seemed to be winning her over and that pleased him . 
 now he had the larger task of working his way into shirley bliss 's affections . 
 with-he hoped-the blessing of her friend miranda . 
 four sunday afternoon-more glorious weather . 
 as mack worked in the yard , mary jo diligently washed the outside windows . 
 she 'd gone to church earlier that morning while mack was finishing his overnight shift at the fire station . 
 he got home at about the time she returned from services and they 'd decided to spend this beautiful afternoon outdoors . 
 mack reveled in the sense of peace and companionship he felt as they both worked quietly ; he seeded bare portions of the lawn and she cleaned every window and wiped down every sill . 
 since noelle was asleep inside the house , mary jo kept her front and back doors ajar so she could hear the baby . 
 when they were done , she and mack made small talk , complimenting each other 's work , then put away their supplies . 
 the windows gleamed from their washing , the lawn was greening and the garden-vegetables and flowers-now looked like a real garden . 
 the lettuce leaves had started to sprout and mary jo had planted pole beans , corn and peas earlier in the week . 
 the bulb flowers had sprung up in vivid color . 
 `` i need to go to wal-mart , '' mary jo announced at about four o'clock . 
 `` do you want company ? '' 
 there was nothing he needed himself , but he could n't think of anything he 'd rather do than spend time with mary jo . 
 `` sure , if you want . 
 i have to get diapers and a few other things . 
 i wo n't be long . '' 
 `` i can take you out to eat afterward , if you 'd like . '' 
 he spoke casually , but his heart pounded with anticipation . 
 it seemed that whenever he was making headway in this relationship , something would set the whole thing back . 
 he knew he had to tread lightly with mary jo . 
 `` you do n't have to take me out , mack , but thanks . '' 
 `` it 's the least i can do , '' he argued . 
 `` to pay you back for all the dinners you 've made me . '' 
 `` no , really , i 'm happy to have your company . 
 besides , i 'm used to cooking for my brothers . 
 i always make far more than one person could eat , anyway . 
 you 're actually doing me a favor . '' 
 that was exactly what he 'd told himself earlier in the week , but he did n't like hearing it now . 
 he shrugged , smiling , as if her comment amused him , although what he felt was frustration . 
 how was it that he could fall in love with the one woman in the world who was determined not to venture into romance again ? 
 he could only hope she 'd eventually start to trust him , eventually return his feelings ... noelle was awake and cheerful when mack , having showered and changed , joined them in the driveway . 
 he picked up the baby seat and made silly noises that delighted noelle as he fastened the carrier in mary jo 's car . 
 she 'd suggested they take her vehicle ; he offered to drive and she accepted . 
 on the way to wal-mart , they said very little . 
 `` have you found out any more about the letters ? '' 
 she asked after a while . 
 `` i thought of something that might help us , '' he said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 her interest was immediate . 
 `` in one of the letters , the one where jacob mentions eating fish and chips , he wrote about being raised in the pacific northwest . '' 
 `` yes , i remember , '' mary jo murmured . 
 `` so he was n't just at a base in this area , it was also his home . '' 
 `` right . 
 so , it should be easy enough to check local high school records from that time-say , the mid-thirties through early forties . 
 her surname might have changed , but not his . '' 
 `` maybe we can learn his family 's address that way , '' she said excitedly . 
 `` i 'll start checking them out tomorrow . 
 also , could you talk to your friend ? '' 
 `` my friend ? '' 
 `` yes , our landlord . 
 maybe he can tell us about the previous owners , or at least the most recent ones . '' 
 `` ah ... '' mack quickly recognized that this was a troubled path , one he did n't want to follow . 
 lying did n't come naturally to him but he was afraid to tell her the truth , afraid that if she knew , she 'd pack up and move out , angry about being manipulated . 
 `` yeah , i will , '' he promised . 
 `` soon ? '' 
 `` soon , '' he agreed , trying to change the subject . 
 `` it 's just that i 'm so curious about those letters , '' she burbled on . 
 `` oh , mack , i wish you 'd read more of them . 
 they 're so beautiful . 
 `` i was thinking , '' mary jo continued , `` that if anyone could tell us about the previous owner it would be charlotte rhodes . 
 maybe she even knew the manrys . '' 
 `` yeah , good idea . '' 
 he 'd ask her , but he 'd do it when mary jo was n't around . 
 he was worried that his mother might have told her friend that he 'd bought the duplex . 
 `` she knows everyone in town , '' mary jo was saying . 
 `` right , '' he said curtly . 
 mary jo sent him an odd look , which he chose to ignore . 
 he pulled into the wal-mart parking lot and heaved a sigh of relief , grateful for an opportunity to direct the conversation away from the duplex , the letters and talking to charlotte rhodes . 
 he found an empty space not far from the entrance and turned off the engine . 
 when mary jo had retrieved noelle from the backseat , the three of them went into the store . 
 mack grabbed a cart and mary jo set noelle safely inside . 
 `` do you want me to push ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` please . '' 
 this felt good to mack , almost as if they were a young married couple . 
 maybe it was foolish , but he liked to pretend they were and hoped to make that vision a reality one day . 
 mary jo walked toward the baby department with mack and the cart behind her . 
 he was making vroom-vroom noises , his attention on noelle , when he suddenly heard mary jo say , `` look ! 
 there 's charlotte and ben . '' 
 she pointed at the book and magazine section . 
 mack 's head snapped up . 
 great . 
 just his luck . 
 he wondered what charlotte might know regarding the letters , but he was worried she 'd reveal more than he was ready to divulge . 
 `` maybe she 's in a hurry ... '' `` do n't be silly . '' 
 mary jo bustled after charlotte , and mack had no choice but to follow , pushing noelle in the cart . 
 `` charlotte ! '' 
 mary jo called loudly , and the older woman turned around . 
 charlotte was with her husband , ben rhodes , noelle 's grandfather . 
 her eyes brightened as soon as she saw mary jo , mack and noelle . 
 `` oh , my , this is a pleasant surprise , '' she said , moving toward them with her hands extended . 
 after hugging mary jo and mack , she smiled down at noelle . 
 `` i ca n't believe how much she 's changed since we last saw her . '' 
 `` it was n't that long ago , '' ben said mildly . 
 he was leaning forward , chucking noelle under the chin . 
 ben was still distinguished-looking , and mack had no difficulty picturing him as an admiral . 
 he knew ben rhodes was an honorable man who took his responsibilities seriously . 
 his son david had deeply hurt him by his actions . 
 `` if you like , i could bring noelle by once a week for a short visit , '' mary jo offered . 
 `` you 're the only grandparents she has . '' 
 charlotte and ben exchanged a glance . 
 `` we 'd love that , '' charlotte said enthusiastically . 
 `` thank you , mary jo . 
 that would mean so much to us . '' 
 `` wednesdays would be best for me if that 's okay with you ? 
 i can come by when i 've picked her up from kelly 's . '' 
 kelly jordan was noelle 's day-care provider . 
 again , the older couple conferred with a single glance . 
 `` that would be perfect , '' ben assured her . 
 `` i 'll stop by after work , then . 
 i wo n't stay long , i promise . '' 
 `` you stay as long as you like . 
 ben and i will look forward to seeing our granddaughter-and you , too , of course . '' 
 `` actually , mack and i were just talking about you , '' mary jo told charlotte . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` we discovered the oddest thing in the duplex . 
 i found a box of old letters under the floorboards of my bedroom closet . '' 
 mack moved closer to mary jo . 
 `` they 've been there for years , '' mary jo said . 
 `` the letters were written in the early 1940s to a woman named joan manry , who lived in the house . '' 
 `` joan manry . '' 
 charlotte slowly repeated the name . 
 `` does that sound the least bit familiar ? '' 
 she asked hopefully . 
 charlotte 's forehead wrinkled . 
 `` i ca n't say it does . 
 i was a young bride myself back then . 
 clyde and i had just married , against the wishes of my parents , mind you . 
 i was far too young , but these were desperate times and clyde was about to go off to war . '' 
 `` from what i 've been able to decipher , joan lived at 1022 evergreen with her sister and worked in the shipyard . '' 
 `` as i did , '' charlotte said . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but the name does n't ring a bell . 
 let me think about it , though . '' 
 `` who wrote the letters ? '' 
 ben asked . 
 `` a soldier ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 his name was dennison , '' mack supplied . 
 `` jacob dennison . '' 
 `` jacob dennison . '' 
 charlotte frowned thoughtfully . 
 `` his name does sound familiar but i ca n't recall why . '' 
 `` i 'd love to find out what happened to those two , '' mary jo said , her voice full of enthusiasm . 
 `` i want to know if dennison survived the war and if he and joan ever got married . 
 if so , i 'll bet their children and grandchildren would treasure these letters . 
 they 're beautifully written and very moving . '' 
 `` hidden away like that , too , '' charlotte commented . 
 `` yes , i ca n't imagine why she 'd do that . 
 the only thing i 've come up with is that , for some reason , joan 's sister did n't like jacob . '' 
 `` maybe , '' charlotte murmured . 
 `` i 'll see what i can learn about those names for you , '' she said . 
 `` that would be great . '' 
 mack felt some of the tension ease from between his shoulder blades . 
 mary jo turned to charlotte again . 
 `` you do n't happen to know who lived in the duplex in the forties , do you ? '' 
 charlotte shook her head . 
 `` no , sorry , but i do know it was n't originally a duplex . '' 
 `` when did it become one ? '' 
 `` oh , heavens , i 'm not sure . 
 it must 've been twenty years ago . 
 the previous owner had n't kept up the place , but that all changed when mack bought it . 
 he 's made such a difference . '' 
 mack 's heart sank all the way to his feet . 
 he glanced covertly at mary jo and was surprised she did n't react to the news . 
 `` mack 's made improvements , then ? '' 
 she asked without letting anything slip . 
 `` the difference is like night and day , '' charlotte said . 
 mack stayed quiet , for fear that any remark he made would damn him all the more in mary jo 's eyes . 
 `` i 've kept you long enough , '' mary jo said after a moment . 
 `` i 'll come by on wednesday with noelle . '' 
 `` ben and i will see you then . '' 
 ben started to push the cart away when charlotte turned back . 
 `` i 'll find out whatever i can about joan manry and jacob dennison in the next couple of days and tell you what i learn on wednesday . '' 
 `` oh , thank you . 
 i ca n't wait . '' 
 mary jo yanked the cart away from him and steered it back to the diaper aisle at a clipped pace . 
 mack had to hurry to keep up with her . 
 the anger and betrayal she felt seemed to radiate from her rigid back and stiff shoulders . 
 unsure how best to proceed , mack trailed silently behind her . 
 not a word passed between them as mary jo finished her shopping . 
 he stood , still silent , as she paid for her purchases and exchanged pleasantries with the friendly cashier . 
 the woman 's name tag said christie levitt . 
 he thought he 'd seen her before , but troubled as he was , mack could n't remember where . 
 mary jo seemed quite cheerful-until he caught her eye . 
 her gaze narrowed and mack knew there 'd be no reprieve for him . 
 she was upset and she was n't going to forgive his deception easily . 
 once she 'd paid and collected her bags , mack dashed ahead of her and unlocked the car , opening mary jo 's door . 
 usually he put noelle in her infant seat but this time mary jo did it , not giving him a chance . 
 with nothing more to do , mack slid into the driver 's seat , and simply waited until mary jo got in . 
 his hand on the ignition key , he looked at her . 
 `` can we talk about this ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 her voice was stark . 
 `` uh , can you let me know when we can talk about it ? '' 
 she did n't answer . 
 `` i guess that means it wo n't be anytime soon ? '' 
 he asked , attempting a bit of levity . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 she stared out the passenger-side window . 
 mack exhaled slowly , then backed out of the parking space . 
 he drove in silence . 
 `` just when i thought i 'd met a man i could actually trust , '' mary jo blurted out five minutes later , `` i discover that not only did you outright lie to me but you continued with the fabrication when you had every opportunity to set the record straight . 
 were we not discussing this very matter no more than thirty minutes ago ? '' 
 `` well , yes , but - '' `` can i trust anything you have to say ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he insisted . 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 she looked pointedly out the passenger window again , her arms crossed . 
 `` would it help to say i 'm sorry ? '' 
 he asked . 
 and he was . 
 but once he 'd told her someone else owned the duplex , he could n't ever find a way to introduce the truth . 
 he wished now that he 'd tried harder . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` that 's pretty harsh , do n't you think ? 
 okay , i screwed up . 
 i admit it . '' 
 `` fine , apology accepted . '' 
 despite what she said , it certainly did n't sound as if she meant it . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` why did you lie ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` okay , good question . 
 i was afraid - '' `` of what ? '' 
 `` afraid you would n't agree to the lower rent payment if you knew i owned the duplex . '' 
 she threw him an angry look . 
 `` you 're right , i would n't have . 
 what i want to know is why you felt it was so important for me to move next door to you . '' 
 `` because . '' 
 he did n't have an answer that would satisfy her . 
 he could n't very well say he 'd fallen completely and totally in love with her and that he could n't stand the thought of losing noelle . 
 not that she was really his to lose ... '' ` because ' ? 
 oh , that explains everything . '' 
 `` i wanted to be nearby in order to protect both of you , '' he returned , losing his own patience . 
 `` what 's so under-handed about that ? 
 if david showed up , i wanted him to deal with me , and leave you and noelle alone . '' 
 `` i can take care of my own problems , '' she snapped . 
 `` i do n't need a knight in shining armor riding to my rescue . '' 
 more like tarnished armor , he reflected , but did n't say anything . 
 `` besides , david did show up , '' she added . 
 `` and you panicked , '' he reminded her . 
 `` yes , i did panic , and then you jumped into hero mode again , asking me to marry you . '' 
 that had n't been one of his finer moments . 
 `` of all the ridiculous solutions to come up with , '' mary jo muttered . 
 `` and i was frightened enough and foolish enough to say yes . '' 
 `` we came to our senses , '' he said . 
 `` yes , thankfully . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mary jo . 
 i was wrong to mislead you . '' 
 `` you did more than mislead me . 
 you lied . '' 
 `` okay , i lied . '' 
 `` i do n't appreciate it . '' 
 `` that i get , '' he said drily . 
 `` i just want you to know i regret the lie-and the , uh , misguided proposal . '' 
 no response . 
 they arrived at the duplex , but neither seemed ready to get out of the car . 
 `` where do we go from here ? '' 
 mack finally asked . 
 mary jo did n't answer for the longest time . 
 when she did , she turned sideways and looked at him , her eyes wide and imploring . 
 `` can i trust you , mack ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he said it without hesitation . 
 `` i 'd do anything for you and noelle . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 his shoulders rose as he took a deep breath . 
 he was afraid of mary jo 's reaction if he confessed his feelings . 
 she 'd probably leave , go back to seattle , uproot the life she 'd created here . 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 he asked instead . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 `` you need someone . 
 you do n't want to admit it but you do , and i want to be that someone . '' 
 he 'd toned down his feelings and hoped she 'd understand-and not take offense . 
 `` of all the people i 've met since noelle was born , you were the one i felt i could trust the most . 
 i 'm devastated to learn otherwise . '' 
 `` will you give me another chance ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he would n't plead with her , would n't state his case . 
 the decision was hers ; this was make-it-or-break-it time . 
 he 'd faltered badly but , god willing , mary jo would look past his error in judgment and agree to move forward . 
 `` i 'm not making any promises , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm not asking for any . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` just do n't ever lie to me again . '' 
 `` you have my word . '' 
 the second he spoke , he realized that expression was a poor choice . 
 `` your word , '' she repeated . 
 `` for what that 's worth . '' 
 mack would need to show her that his word was good and his lie of omission was the wrong thing done for the right reasons . 
 `` from this point forward i 'll pay fair market rent , '' she insisted . 
 mack did n't feel he could argue , so he let it go . 
 but he had to acknowledge , if only to himself , that he was relieved the truth had come out . 
 five christie walked out of her sister 's house and slumped against the closed front door . 
 she did n't know how teri managed with three tiny infants . 
 identical triplet sons . 
 after a single afternoon of helping teri with the babies , christie was completely exhausted . 
 thankfully teri 's husband , bobby , had insisted on a live-in nanny ; otherwise , christie had no idea how the family would 've coped . 
 nikki , the nanny , was off on wednesdays , and christie had arranged to have her afternoons free on the same day so she could come over and assist teri . 
 to her surprise , she 'd discovered that when she focused her attention on others , she was a happier person . 
 she 'd learned that lesson over christmas , which had otherwise been a miserable time for her . 
 james , bobby 's closest friend and chauffeur , had vanished . 
 in an effort to divert herself from her unhappiness without him , christie had helped distribute food and gifts to the needy . 
 it turned out to be the best thing she could 've done . 
 christmas day was another matter , but she did n't want to think about that . 
 and then weeks later , he 'd returned , without apology or explanation . 
 the apartment door above the garage opened , and james stepped onto the small porch . 
 while he did n't invite her into his apartment , he made it clear that he 'd welcome her company . 
 the fact that he stood there quietly , waiting , told her as much . 
 tired though she was , christie could n't walk away . 
 she loved james . 
 he 'd hurt her badly when he 'd disappeared without a word-and then seemed to think all should be forgiven once he came back . 
 eventually she had forgiven him , although she still did n't understand exactly why he 'd left . 
 for good measure she 'd tossed in a threat or two . 
 if he ever walked out on her again , it would be over . 
 she had legitimate reasons for being upset with him . 
 she 'd believed he was different from her various exes . 
 christie had a bad track record with men , starting in high school . 
 the only thing her ex-husband had ever given her-besides trouble-was his name . 
 and every man she 'd loved , before and since , had left her high and dry . 
 she 'd had a pattern of finding losers she felt she could rescue with enough love and sympathy . 
 generally they moved in together and for a while all would go well . 
 then , invariably , there 'd be a fight or a betrayal or some kind of disastrous revelation , and the affair would be over , leaving christie sick at heart , crying her eyes out and desperately alone . 
 yes , she 'd believed james was unlike any other man she 'd ever known . 
 certainly in the obvious ways , such as the fact that he was n't nearly as handsome as the guys she usually went for . 
 tall , skinny , with facial features that were sharp and slightly irregular , he resembled the caricature of a butler in some english comedies she 'd seen . 
 but that was superficial and irrelevant . 
 he was compassionate , caring and kind , and that made him more appealing than all the good-looking men she 'd been attracted to in the past . 
 furthermore , james had inspired her to become a different woman , to look beyond herself . 
 she 'd laid out her past , ugly as it was , so there 'd be no secrets between them . 
 then poof ! 
 like every other man she 'd ever loved , he 'd disappeared from her life . 
 when he 'd come back a few weeks later , teri and bobby had championed his case , but christie was having none of it . 
 then teri went into labor and they 'd met at the hospital . 
 after that , christie decided to give their relationship a second chance . 
 however , things were still tentative . 
 she was bruised , weary , uncertain ; experience had been a brutal taskmaster and she 'd already given too many second chances . 
 `` you look tired , '' james said . 
 he met her halfway down the stairs and slipped his arm around her waist . 
 walking beside her , he guided her up the rest of the steps . 
 `` you would , too , if you 'd held a fussy infant for the past three hours . '' 
 `` jimmy ? '' 
 `` no , christopher . '' 
 her sister had named the three little boys after bobby , james and christie . 
 naturally , christie could n't help being partial to christopher , the smallest of the three and-of course-the one who demanded the most attention . 
 `` what did you do to your hair ? '' 
 james asked as he kissed the top of her head . 
 christie had recently had the front bleached blond and then added streaks of auburn . 
 she never could wear her hair just plain . 
 that was far too boring . 
 good thing teri was a hairdresser by trade , or had been until her difficult pregnancy , which had put a temporary end to her career . 
 her friend rachel peyton had done a terrific job with this new style . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 `` i like you , '' he said , drawing her inside his small apartment . 
 he led her to the sofa and urged her to sit down . 
 christie did n't object as he went into the kitchen and put water on for tea . 
 `` i like you , too , '' she told him . 
 james brought her a cup of tea , sweetened with honey and with a fresh slice of lemon on the side . 
 no other man had ever waited on her . 
 none had loved her in quite the way james did , either . 
 it would be easy to let down her guard yet again , but she could n't . 
 she needed time to feel confident in his love . 
 everything she knew about james said she could trust him ; however , she 'd believed that before , and he 'd abandoned her . 
 no , for her own peace of mind , her own emotional well-being , she had to play it safe . 
 `` how 's school ? '' 
 he asked . 
 christie had signed up for photography and accounting classes , and another business course , intent on starting a company that specialized in documenting personal property for insurance purposes . 
 `` okay . '' 
 having a reliable vehicle was a huge benefit . 
 getting to school by bus could be a daunting task , especially since she still worked at wal-mart . 
 james had been instrumental in getting her that car , although she had n't known it at the time . 
 she would never have accepted his assistance had she been aware that bobby and teri had involved him . 
 `` i 'm helping one of the girls in my accounting class . '' 
 christie was proud of that . 
 `` i 'm actually pretty good with numbers . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 `` i guess that means we 'll have smart babies one day , '' she said , laughing . 
 she could n't resist teasing him a little . 
 james 's face flushed at the mention of children . 
 he was worlds behind her when it came to sex and relationships . 
 christie knew he 'd had some brief and not very successful liaisons , but had never been in a serious relationship before now . 
 he 'd been a chess prodigy-like bobby-until he 'd suffered a nervous collapse . 
 bobby was a good friend to james , and had eventually hired him as his driver . 
 to the best of christie 's knowledge , james had n't played chess since he was a teenager . 
 james sat close to her and slid one arm around her shoulders . 
 christie relaxed against him , shutting her eyes and sighing contentedly . 
 `` i want us to get married soon , '' he said . 
 she savored his words , wanting to believe they 'd spend the rest of their lives blissfully together . 
 but her experience shouted otherwise . 
 several of the men in her past had offered to marry her ; the marriage proposal typically came just before certain awkward matters arose . 
 yeah , right . 
 awkward did n't begin to describe them . 
 with jason , they 'd had to wait until his divorce was final-and then she 'd learned he had n't even bothered to file . 
 with the next guy , it was problems with the irs . 
 big problems ... he 'd expected her to pay off his debt . 
 and with danny ... he 'd had trouble with the law . 
 in fact , she 'd found out just in time that he was only interested in marriage so she would make conjugal visits while he served a twenty-year prison sentence for fraud . 
 plus , her role as his wife meant supplying him with money for the entire length of his term . 
 `` christie ? '' 
 she knew james was waiting for her response . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't think i 'm ready for marriage yet , '' she murmured , and felt him tense . 
 she did n't expect him to be pleased but she could n't say anything different . 
 james did n't respond right away . 
 `` i thought marriage was what you wanted , '' he finally said . 
 `` what we both want . '' 
 `` i do ... but not yet . '' 
 he removed his arm and straightened . 
 leaning forward , he stared down at the floor , then asked , `` when do you suppose you will ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 why ? 
 are you planning to walk out on me again ? '' 
 if so , she wanted to know that now . 
 `` no . 
 i plan to spend the rest of my life loving you . '' 
 she 'd heard that before . 
 her suspicions rose again ; it sounded so promising , but then it always did ... until she learned the truth . 
 `` why do you want to get married so quickly ? 
 do we really know each other , james ? 
 i trusted you and look what happened . '' 
 she did n't mean to keep throwing that one transgression in his face , but she was genuinely worried about it . 
 he stood and walked to the other side of the room . 
 `` i 'd hoped we could let it go . '' 
 christie wished their situation was that simple . 
 `` do we really know each other ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 `` sure , we 're attracted and it would be easy to become physically involved ... '' `` okay . '' 
 he perked up at that . 
 how predictable men were . 
 this was usually when other men she 'd dated would suggest they `` test '' their relationship by setting up house together . 
 naturally they always moved in with her-because they could no longer afford rent . 
 granted , that was n't the case with james , but she realized he was growing frustrated , although he was the one who 'd initially wanted to wait . 
 he 'd resisted jumping into bed a few months ago , when she 'd been willing . 
 apparently their views on this subject had been reversed . 
 imitating a game-show host , she blared , `` wrong answer . '' 
 the vehemence in her voice made his head jerk back . 
 `` you are n't interested in sex ? '' 
 she laughed spontaneously . 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 `` okay , '' he said with reluctance . 
 `` then what 's the problem ? 
 you were certainly ready to do it with other men . 
 why not me ? '' 
 christie blinked at the physical pain that struck her at his words . 
 she pressed her hand against her heart until it passed . 
 then she drew in a deep breath and slowly expelled it before she stood . 
 `` i think it 's time i left . 
 thank you for the tea . '' 
 she carried her mug to the sink . 
 her hand shook as she set it down and she tried to swallow the constriction in her throat . 
 she turned to leave and found james blocking the door . 
 `` i did n't mean that , '' he said , sounding utterly miserable . 
 he was n't the only one feeling bad . 
 `` sure you did , '' she said , putting on a bright face . 
 `` and why should n't you ? 
 it 's true . 
 i was all too willing to give myself to other men . 
 there were a lot of them , too . 
 and then i was stupid enough to tell you everything , thinking-oh , i do n't know , thinking that if you knew , we could put it behind us . 
 thinking you 'd understand how important a clean slate was to me . 
 and let me remind you , james , you turned me down a few months ago . '' 
 `` yes , but ... '' he sighed . 
 `` you can trust me , christie . 
 you know i 'd never intentionally hurt you . '' 
 `` i used to think so , '' she muttered . 
 `` now ... '' he closed his eyes . 
 `` maybe you 're right . 
 maybe it 's best to hold off on marriage . 
 i 'll tell you what-you let me know when you 're ready to forgive and forget , and we 'll talk again . '' 
 `` good idea , '' she said cheerfully . 
 `` and you do the same . '' 
 his brows shot up , and he stepped aside so she could exit the apartment . 
 christie walked past him and was halfway down the stairs when he said , `` i do n't suppose this is a good time to mention that i 'm going away for a few days . '' 
 she paused , her foot midway between two steps . 
 the only reason he 'd told her this now was to get her attention . 
 for all she knew , it might not even be true . 
 `` when did this come up ? '' 
 she asked without turning around . 
 `` an hour ago . 
 it 's business . 
 bobby and i have some meetings in l.a. '' which explained why teri had n't said anything earlier . 
 questions buzzed in her brain , demanding answers . 
 she wanted to know exactly how long he 'd be away . 
 what kind of business ? 
 and why did he leave it until now to tell her ? 
 but making an issue of this would 've been too much like the old christie , the insecure christie , the woman who required constant reassurance . 
 `` okay , '' she murmured , although she clenched the railing so tightly that her fingers ached . 
 `` should i call you when i 'm back ? '' 
 she gave a quick shrug . 
 `` up to you . 
 have a good trip . '' 
 he sighed loudly enough for her to hear . 
 `` i do n't think i can . '' 
 she turned to face him with a tentative smile . 
 `` no , i mean it , james . 
 i want you to have a good trip . '' 
 she felt his gaze follow her as she descended the steps and walked to her car . 
 she did n't look back . 
 as she pulled out of teri 's driveway , she could n't help wondering if she 'd just rejected a marriage proposal from the only decent man who 'd ever asked her . 
 six on thursday , grace hurried into the pot belly deli five minutes late . 
 she 'd arranged to meet olivia for lunch at noon , but she 'd had to deal with a patron 's inquiry . 
 she did n't like to keep her friend waiting . 
 now that olivia had finished her chemo , she was on the way to remission . 
 she 'd given herself the summer off to regain her strength before returning to the courthouse , where she was a family-court judge . 
 `` sorry i 'm late , '' grace said , sliding into the chair across from her best friend . 
 `` i took the liberty of ordering for you . '' 
 grace smiled . 
 `` oh , good . 
 what am i having for lunch ? '' 
 `` cream of potato soup and a green salad with ranch dressing on the side . 
 no scone . '' 
 olivia knew her likes and dislikes , which stood to reason after forty-some years of friendship . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 `` a salad and scone . '' 
 grace threw her friend an accusing look . 
 olivia was still far too thin ; she needed more than just a salad . 
 olivia grinned . 
 `` and a slice of double chocolate cake . '' 
 `` excellent . '' 
 `` with two forks . '' 
 `` even better . '' 
 `` so , are you ready for rover ? '' 
 olivia asked . 
 grace leaned back in her chair . 
 after months of preparation , the reading with rover program was about to launch at the library . 
 she 'd worked hard to get it set up . 
 children with below-grade-level reading abilities could come to the library , where they 'd be paired with a dog . 
 the dogs made the reading environment nonthreatening ; kids could read simply for enjoyment . 
 with a dog-and a silent companion-as their audience , they did n't risk being embarrassed in front of their teachers or peers . 
 children loved dogs , and the dogs loved them back . 
 she 'd learned about the program in a professional journal and been intrigued . 
 `` am i ready ? '' 
 grace said , repeating the question . 
 `` i think so . 
 i wo n't know until this afternoon . 
 so far , i have two teenage volunteers and two adults from the community . '' 
 `` how many dogs ? '' 
 `` we 're starting with six dogs and six children between the ages of seven and eleven . 
 they 're all at risk schoolwise . '' 
 `` the superintendent 's on board ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 the superintendent herself told me she 's impressed with the idea . '' 
 olivia reached for her tea . 
 `` i 'm absolutely enthralled with the whole thing . '' 
 `` me , too , and i 'm so glad they all came from the animal shelter . '' 
 olivia glanced up . 
 `` are n't they trained ? 
 i thought you told me they were . '' 
 `` well , yes , they are . 
 beth morehouse chose the dogs from the shelter and then trained them as therapy dogs . 
 she does wonders with these animals . 
 she 's been taking them into nursing homes and hospitals for the past couple of years . '' 
 `` beth morehouse ? 
 you 've mentioned her , but we 've never met . 
 she was n't at the fundraiser , was she ? '' 
 `` no , she was out of town , working with a dog owner in seattle . '' 
 `` tell me about her . '' 
 olivia grimaced . 
 `` you 've probably told me before but , you know-chemo brain . '' 
 grace was well aware that chemotherapy often resulted in a mental fog that could take months or even years to lift . 
 grace nodded sympathetically . 
 `` she moved into the area a few years back . 
 she 's a divorced mother of two and a dog trainer by profession . 
 she already had three dogs of her own and then adopted the others ... and it sort of grew from there . '' 
 grace had met beth while working as a volunteer at the animal shelter . 
 when she discovered beth had therapy dogs , it seemed natural to use them in the reading with rover program . 
 grace had first spoken to beth in early winter , and the other woman had immediately caught her vision and agreed to help . 
 `` i 'm excited about it , '' grace said . 
 not only did she love bringing new programs into the library , but this one had felt right from the moment she 'd heard of it . 
 now , after months of planning , she was about to see it come to fruition . 
 `` i know it 's going to go well , '' olivia said with unwavering confidence . 
 `` i hope you 're right . '' 
 `` do i detect a note of hesitation ? '' 
 olivia asked . 
 having been friends all these years , olivia knew her better than anyone , even cliff . 
 `` not hesitation , exactly . 
 i 'm a bit concerned about the two high school volunteers . '' 
 the waitress brought their meals and they both started to eat . 
 `` one is tanni bliss and the other is kristen jamey , '' grace said after a spoonful of soup . 
 `` those two are about as different as any two teenagers can be . 
 kristen is a cheerleader and i understand she 's well liked . 
 tanni , on the other hand , goes out of her way to avoid hanging out with the popular crowd . 
 i know from her mother that she 's had a rough time of it since her father died and pretty much isolates herself . 
 i just hope tanni and kristen can work together . '' 
 `` what makes you suspect they ca n't ? '' 
 grace was n't sure how to explain it . 
 `` at the first volunteer meeting , i saw how tanni looked at kristen , like she thought the time i spent training kristen was a complete waste . 
 she as much as said so-she hinted that after a couple of weeks , kristen would be gone . 
 kristen pretended not to hear , but she did and i could tell she was offended . '' 
 olivia paused with her fork next to her plate . 
 `` why would tanni take such a strong dislike to kristen ? '' 
 `` she seems to view kristen as an airhead who 's gotten involved because she needs a volunteer project on her college application . 
 tanni implied kristen was n't going to get into college on her grades alone . 
 she 's a cheerleader , very cute and bubbly , and tanni is n't that type . 
 like i said , the two are total opposites . '' 
 `` she 's recently lost her father , so my guess is that tanni 's dealing with depression . '' 
 `` i think so , too . '' 
 grace hoped the program would provide tanni with some encouragement-and that the girls would keep their mutual dislike out of the library . 
 at three-thirty that same afternoon , grace was surrounded by dogs and kids and mild chaos as the children were matched up with their new canine friends . 
 `` kristen , '' grace said , `` i want you to work with mimi and aubrey . '' 
 mimi was a mixed breed , part pomeranian and part something else she could n't identify . 
 aubrey was a first-grader who clung to her mother 's hand until she was introduced to mimi . 
 grace found it gratifying to see how quickly the youngster responded to the dog . 
 kristen led the girl to a fairly secluded area by the window , where the lighting was good . 
 together aubrey and kristen sat down on the carpet . 
 mimi snuggled up next to aubrey and placed her chin on the little girl 's knee . 
 `` tanni , i 'm going to assign you to boomer and tyler . '' 
 `` you got it . '' 
 the girl nodded and led seven-year-old tyler and boomer to the opposite end of the area reserved for the program . 
 boomer was a golden retriever who reminded grace of buttercup , her own dog . 
 grace could n't help noticing that tanni moved as far away from kristen as she could , which did n't surprise her . 
 she paired the two adults with two children and two dogs each , but those children were older-ten and eleven , eight and ten , respectively . 
 grace stood back and waited . 
 her research indicated that the children felt more comfortable reading aloud to the dogs than to adults and achieved higher reading levels with practice , which of course made sense . 
 research showed that being with dogs enhanced their social skills and helped overcome shyness . 
 watching the children interact with the animals , she witnessed a startling-and very rapid-transformation in each child . 
 she smiled as boomer , the golden retriever , looked up at tyler with his big brown eyes and actually held the book open with his paw pressed across the top of the page . 
 grace had learned that various bookstores as well as libraries across the continent participated in programs very similar to this . 
 in fact , one large seattle bookstore brought therapy dogs into the children 's section twice a month . 
 apparently other bookstores were starting to do the same thing . 
 grace only hoped that the reading program at the cedar cove library would prove to be as popular and as rewarding . 
 the thirty minutes seemed to flash by . 
 she moved silently from one reading group to another . 
 it was important that the children feel relaxed and at ease ; the volunteers were there to oversee the kids and dogs , but once the children were set up with books , they were to quietly extract themselves and watch from a distance , letting the children read to `` their '' dogs alone . 
 grace joined kristen after she 'd left aubrey . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 she asked . 
 kristen 's pretty face lit up with a smile . 
 `` aubrey took to mimi right away . 
 it was amazing . 
 did you notice how mimi cuddled up to aubrey ? 
 it was so sweet . '' 
 from the corner of her eye , grace noticed as tanni made a face . 
 kristen saw it , too . 
 grace saw a flicker of pain in the girl 's eyes . 
 she did n't say anything but grace knew tanni 's look of contempt had hurt . 
 when the children were finished , beth morehouse collected the dogs and walked them out of the library , with kristen and tanni 's help . 
 tanni returned to retrieve her backpack . 
 `` do you have a minute ? '' 
 grace asked , stopping her . 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 grace led the way into her small office . 
 `` how did you feel the first session went ? '' 
 she asked , gesturing for tanni to take the seat across from her . 
 the teenager slouched down in the chair . 
 `` all right , i think . 
 tyler and boomer seem to be a good match . 
 i was surprised by how easily tyler felt comfortable with such a big dog . 
 he 's small for his age and i was afraid a golden retriever might intimidate him , but that was n't the case . '' 
 `` beth suggested the pairings . '' 
 `` a couple of times i wanted to jump in and correct tyler , but i knew that 's not what i 'm supposed to do . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 the children needed to gain self-confidence and self-esteem . 
 that would n't happen if the volunteers intervened and corrected their pronunciation . 
 tanni reached for her backpack , which she 'd dropped at her feet when she sat down . 
 `` i had another reason for asking to speak to you , '' grace said , broaching the subject carefully . 
 `` it 's about kristen . '' 
 tanni frowned . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 `` do you dislike her ? '' 
 the girl shrugged . 
 `` not really . '' 
 `` do the two of you have a history i should know about ? '' 
 tanni stared down at the floor and shook her head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but you do n't like her , do you ? '' 
 grace asked , pressing the point . 
 `` no , '' tanni was honest enough to admit . 
 grace leaned forward . 
 `` do you mind telling me why ? '' 
 tanni did n't answer right away . 
 when she did respond , the words seemed to spew out . 
 `` kristen is n't doing this because she wants to help these kids . 
 you realize that , do n't you ? '' 
 grace raised her eyebrows . 
 `` she told you this ? '' 
 `` well , no , but it 's obvious . 
 she 's volunteering because she 's hoping for this citizen award that 's given out at graduation . '' 
 olivia had gotten the award the year they 'd graduated . 
 the rotary club gave it to a graduating senior with good marks who 'd shown leadership skills and had a history of volunteering in the community . 
 `` she 'd never get it with her grades , '' tanni said scornfully . 
 `` you know this for a fact ? '' 
 grace asked . 
 tanni hesitated . 
 `` not for sure , but like i said , it 's obvious . '' 
 it did n't appear all that obvious to grace . 
 `` i think you 're making an assumption about kristen that might be way off base . '' 
 `` it is n't , '' tanni said without a hint of doubt . 
 `` she 's a cheerleader . '' 
 this was added in the most contemptuous tone . 
 `` you do n't like cheerleaders ? '' 
 grace asked mildly . 
 `` hardly . '' 
 `` i was a cheerleader in high school , '' grace told her . 
 tanni chanced a look in her direction . 
 `` but things were a whole lot different back then . '' 
 she made it sound like the days of the wild west , when covered wagons roamed the prairie . 
 `` oh ? 
 how 's that ? '' 
 `` you know , '' tanni said with another shrug . 
 `` sorry , i do n't . '' 
 `` cheerleaders these days are real airheads . 
 kristen is , anyway . 
 she 's got this laugh that makes me want to puke every time i hear it . '' 
 grace wondered what that was about . 
 `` does she have a boyfriend ? '' 
 she asked . 
 tanni lifted one shoulder . 
 `` i suppose so . 
 they all do in that crowd . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` if you think i 'm jealous , you 're wrong ! 
 i have a boyfriend , too . 
 shaw wilson . '' 
 `` shaw who works at mocha mama 's ? '' 
 `` he is n't there anymore . 
 he 's at art school in san francisco . 
 a friend of will jefferson 's helped him get in . 
 it 's a really big deal that he was accepted . '' 
 `` i did n't know shaw wanted to be an artist . '' 
 grace was well aware that tanni 's mother , shirley bliss , was both gifted and successful . 
 `` he 's really talented , '' tanni said , her voice fervent with conviction . 
 `` how wonderful that he has this opportunity . '' 
 she nodded , but grace could see that the girl missed her boyfriend . 
 `` i 'll bet you 're at loose ends without him around , '' she said . 
 tanni gave the same careless shrug , which was n't really a response . 
 `` i am . 
 it 's one of the reasons i volunteered here . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you did . '' 
 tanni raised her eyes to meet grace 's . 
 `` you mean you want me to stay ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` even if i do n't get along with kristen ? '' 
 `` well , i 'm hoping you 'd be willing to cut her a little slack . '' 
 tanni frowned . 
 `` how ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` drop the dirty looks and the sarcastic comments . '' 
 tanni shuffled her feet back and forth . 
 `` i 'll try . 
 the thing is , '' she said wryly , `` it comes sort of instinctively . '' 
 `` i 'm not saying you have to be friends , tanni . 
 all i 'm asking is that you respect her and stop judging her motivations . 
 so what if she volunteered because she 's going after the rotary award ? 
 her being here is n't taking anything away from you , is it ? '' 
 `` not really , '' she reluctantly agreed . 
 `` that 's what i thought . '' 
 tanni bent to grab her backpack . 
 `` can i go now ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 thanks for hearing me out . '' 
 `` sure thing . '' 
 `` you 'll be back next week ? '' 
 grace asked , following her to the office door . 
 tanni nodded . 
 `` i might not like kristen , but i think tyler and boomer are cool . '' 
 seven rachel peyton stopped at the dry cleaners to pick up her good jacket on the way home from get nailed . 
 as she waited , a wave of dizziness nearly overwhelmed her and she quickly found a chair . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 duck-hwan hyo asked , his eyes dark with concern . 
 rachel tried to reassure him . 
 `` yes , yes , i 'm fine , '' she said , but her voice sounded shaky . 
 `` you have baby ? '' 
 rachel nodded . 
 funny , the man at the dry cleaners had figured it out , but not her own husband . 
 there were times bruce could be so dense that she wanted to hit him over the head with her shoe . 
 she longed to tell her husband ; despite the fact that this pregnancy was n't planned , rachel was excited about the baby . 
 duck called something in korean to his wife . 
 the petite woman came out from the back of the shop and joined her husband at the front counter . 
 they had a brief conversation that involved several sympathetic glances at rachel . 
 `` you want tea ? '' 
 his wife , su jin , asked softly . 
 `` i make you cup of green tea . '' 
 `` no , i 'm okay , really . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 her husband asked . 
 `` i 'm sure , duck , '' rachel told him . 
 `` thank you . 
 i just got light-headed for a moment . '' 
 `` i change my name , '' duck said with a polite bow of his head . 
 `` i not duck anymore . 
 i pick american name . '' 
 his face beamed with pride . 
 `` i choose american name , too , '' su jin announced . 
 `` my american name , '' duck said , squaring his shoulders , `` is jose . '' 
 `` jose , '' rachel repeated , and struggled not to laugh . 
 `` my american name , '' his wife said next , `` is serenity . '' 
 `` i 'll remember both , '' rachel promised them . 
 she collected her dry cleaning and went out to her car . 
 going to the cleaners had been a delaying tactic . 
 jolene would be home and there 'd be the usual tension between them once rachel entered the house . 
 if anything , that tension had been escalating . 
 jolene and rachel used to be close ; rachel had been friend as well as surrogate mother to the girl . 
 that changed when rachel married her father . 
 then they 'd gone from friends to adversaries . 
 jolene appeared to see rachel as competition for her father 's affection . 
 the groundwork of friendship rachel had laid had given way like quicksand as soon as bruce slid the wedding ring on her finger . 
 rachel was still shocked that her relationship with jolene had disintegrated so fast . 
 she 'd done her utmost to be patient and understanding . 
 at first , she 'd tried to keep bruce out of it ; she did n't want her husband caught in an impossible situation , forced to side with either his wife or his daughter . 
 that had n't worked . 
 jolene 's antagonism had grown to the point of near-belligerence , and rachel no longer knew what to do . 
 the pregnancy complicated everything . 
 she 'd warned bruce that they needed to be more careful about protection when making love . 
 she 'd gone on the pill right away , but had a rare adverse reaction to it . 
 so bruce had said he 'd take responsibility for birth control and he had-most of the time . 
 she blamed bruce ; she blamed herself . 
 when she 'd realized that their occasional slips had resulted in pregnancy , rachel had been stunned . 
 she 'd needed to adjust to it before she told bruce , knowing he would n't be able to keep the secret from jolene for long . 
 based on recent experience , rachel recognized that the situation , which was barely tolerable now , would only get worse . 
 she should be heading home and getting dinner started , but the thought of facing jolene was more than she could bear , especially when she felt queasy , as she seemed to every afternoon . 
 she suspected it was a combination of nausea caused by the pregnancy , worrying about jolene 's reaction and the constant stress at home . 
 she could n't do it . 
 instead of driving home , she went to teri 's place on seaside avenue . 
 rachel had n't been to see her friend in nearly a week . 
 she turned into the long driveway and parked in front of the house with a feeling of reprieve-however temporary that reprieve might be . 
 rather than ring the doorbell for fear of waking the triplets , she tapped on the door . 
 to her surprise bobby answered , a baby tucked in the crook of his arm . 
 `` teri will be glad to see you , '' he said , bouncing the baby as he spoke . 
 this was a sight rachel had never expected to see . 
 bobby , who was a world chess champion , holding an infant in his arms . 
 it warmed her heart and helped her believe that the power of love could change things for the better . 
 `` is this a bad time ? '' 
 she asked , afraid she might 've walked into the middle of a feeding . 
 those were always hectic . 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 teri asked , sweeping into the foyer . 
 `` i 'm dying for company . 
 come on in and make yourself comfortable . 
 let me bring jimmy here over to nikki . 
 i 'll be back in a minute . '' 
 teri took the baby from her husband 's arms and briefly disappeared . 
 when she returned , without little jimmy , she flopped down on the sofa next to rachel . 
 bobby , who 'd been awkwardly trying to entertain rachel with an account of some chess game or other , hurried off , his relief all too evident . 
 `` you look exhausted , '' rachel told teri . 
 `` i am , '' teri admitted . 
 `` we have n't got the boys into a routine yet . 
 nikki 's helping me with it . '' 
 she sighed gustily . 
 `` i have no idea what i 'd do without such a wonderful nanny . '' 
 `` you were lucky to find her . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 teri smiled , clasping her hands prayerfully . 
 `` i 'm so grateful . 
 now ... what about some tea ? '' 
 `` i 'd love it , '' rachel said . 
 ever since she 'd declined the cup of tea su jin-or serenity-had offered her , she 'd been craving one . 
 `` me , too . 
 i have n't had a chance to sit down all afternoon . '' 
 despite looking worn out , teri leaped back up and hurried into the kitchen , rachel trailing behind her . 
 `` i hope you 're here to tell me bruce knows you 're pregnant , '' teri said . 
 rachel shook her head . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` rach , you have to tell your husband . '' 
 rachel shrugged . 
 `` i agree . 
 i just want to preserve what peace there is for as long as i can . '' 
 `` you ca n't allow jolene to run your life-which is exactly what 's happening now . '' 
 `` then tell me how to change that and i 'll be happy to do it . '' 
 teri sat down at the kitchen table , and rachel took the chair across from her . 
 `` have you tried taking jolene out , just the two of you ? '' 
 teri asked . 
 rachel nodded . 
 `` but she is n't interested in going anywhere if i 'm along . '' 
 `` i thought she liked to shop ? '' 
 `` she does , but not if i 'm with her . '' 
 part of the problem was that jolene preferred to be with kids her own age rather than an adult . 
 like almost every young teenager , she was far more influenced by her friends and their opinions than by her parents . 
 granted , she idolized her dad , but rachel had become the evil stepmother . 
 `` that 's too bad . '' 
 `` i 've also tried to get her interested in taking a class with me . '' 
 teri 's eyes shone with approval . 
 `` great idea ! '' 
 `` i signed us up for cake decorating . 
 you know how much jolene loves to bake . 
 bruce thought it was a good idea , too , but it backfired . 
 the night of the first class she pretended to be sick and stayed home . 
 bruce said the minute i was out the door jolene experienced a miraculous recovery . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` so it 's not like he has n't seen some of her bad behavior , but he does n't see the whole picture . 
 anyway , i finished the classes without jolene attending a single one . '' 
 `` why ? 
 did she get ` sick ' every week ? '' 
 `` no , she flat-out refused to go . 
 she said she missed too much the first week and would always be behind . 
 besides that , she said she was n't interested in decorating cakes . 
 that was for retards like me-her word , by the way . '' 
 jolene was free with her insults but smart enough not to say them in front of her father . 
 and so far , rachel had n't been able to bring herself to tattle . 
 `` how are things between you and bruce ? '' 
 teri asked . 
 the kettle whistled then and teri got up to make the tea-decaffeinated , in deference to rachel 's pregnancy-and assemble a plate of crackers and various cheeses . 
 they carried everything back into the family room and sat down on the sofa again . 
 `` bruce is ... bruce , '' she murmured . 
 `` oblivious , right ? '' 
 rachel nodded , making a wry face to hide her unhappiness . 
 the pregnancy was playing havoc with her emotions . 
 in the past , she 'd never dissolved easily into tears but they sprang to her eyes now . 
 she fought to hold them back , blinking furiously . 
 `` he 's got a one-track mind , '' she whispered , dabbing at her eyes with a napkin . 
 `` and that one track leads directly to the bedroom . '' 
 rachel nodded again . 
 `` the fact that he wants to go to bed at eight o'clock every night infuriates jolene , too . 
 the girl is n't stupid . 
 she knows why her father 's suddenly so tired . '' 
 rachel had tried to explain to him that his sexual appetite was n't helping the situation between her and jolene , but bruce said his love life was none of his daughter 's business . 
 he was right ; nevertheless , it made rachel 's relationship with jolene even more difficult . 
 rachel loved the way her husband desired her . 
 the hours they spent locked in their bedroom were the only peaceful times she had . 
 whenever they made love she had the urge to tell him about the baby ... but she had n't . 
 she simply could n't . 
 and she had n't told him he could dispense with using protection . 
 even bruce might 've been able to figure that one out . 
 it did n't help , either , that jolene was often still up , slamming things around , making sure they knew that she knew what they were doing . 
 and bruce himself often went right to sleep afterward . 
 so ... she had n't found a natural opportunity to tell him . 
 rachel tentatively chose a sliver of cheese from the platter teri had set on the table . 
 `` i dread going home at the end of the day , '' she said . 
 `` that 's not good . '' 
 `` no , it is n't , and i feel helpless to change anything . 
 i do n't know what to do , teri . '' 
 `` well , you could try family counseling . '' 
 her friend pulled up her knees , resting her feet on the edge of the sofa . 
 `` or ... do you want bobby to talk to bruce ? '' 
 she asked . 
 rachel was grateful teri had offered , but she could n't see how it would improve matters . 
 `` thanks , but no . '' 
 teri actually looked relieved . 
 `` i ca n't imagine that bobby would know what to say , anyway , '' she confessed . 
 `` i adore that man , but this is not the sort of thing he 's comfortable with . 
 did i tell you he was away for a few days ? 
 the boys and i missed him like crazy . '' 
 `` bobby was away ? 
 where ? '' 
 teri took a sip of her tea . 
 `` bobby and james went to l.a. . 
 they had some business they needed to attend to-i do n't know the details . '' 
 she frowned as she said it . 
 `` nothing 's wrong , is there ? '' 
 `` no , no , '' teri was quick to assure her . 
 `` not with bobby . 
 it 's my sister again . 
 christie and james have had another falling-out . 
 james can be as stubborn as my little sister . 
 i do n't think they 're speaking . '' 
 `` oh , no . '' 
 hearing that saddened rachel . 
 everything had been going so well between them . 
 `` i 'm sure they 'll work it out , '' teri said . 
 `` james loves her and my sister feels the same way about him . 
 my guess is that this will blow over in a few days . '' 
 `` i hope so . 
 the next time i talk to you , i want to hear that they 've set a wedding date . '' 
 rachel finished her tea and left soon afterward , driving straight to yakima street . 
 she had n't come up with any solutions but felt better for having discussed the problem with her best friend . 
 when she finally got home , bruce was already there . 
 she pulled her car into the garage beside his and grabbed her dry cleaning from the backseat . 
 bruce had the garage door open before she 'd even reached the house . 
 `` you 're late , '' he said in aggrieved tones . 
 `` i went to see teri . '' 
 `` you did n't let jolene know where you were . 
 she was worried . '' 
 the accusation in his voice stung , although rachel did n't believe for a minute that her stepdaughter was worried . 
 jolene stood behind her father , looking far too pleased with herself . 
 `` you told me i have to let you know if i 'm going to be home late , '' she said smugly . 
 `` well , yes , but i 'm the adult here . 
 i do n't report to you . '' 
 perhaps that was too blunt , but she could n't restrain herself . 
 rachel was barely inside the house and the attacks had already begun . 
 `` if it 'll make you happy , i 'll call the next time i 'm going to be late . '' 
 `` i have to abide by the rules , but you do n't ? '' 
 jolene said as rachel stepped past her and into the kitchen . 
 rachel ignored the comment , hung her dry cleaning in the hall closet and then walked back to the kitchen , past both jolene and bruce . 
 `` i 'll start dinner now . '' 
 `` what are we having ? '' 
 jolene asked , following her . 
 rachel had put ground chicken in the refrigerator to thaw . 
 `` what would you like ? '' 
 the girl shrugged . 
 `` nothing you cook , '' she said under her breath . 
 rachel pretended not to hear . 
 `` bruce , do you have any preference for dinner ? '' 
 `` how about tacos ? '' 
 he called out from the living room , where he sat at the computer desk he 'd placed in one corner . 
 he was , as usual , unconscious of the tension between rachel and jolene . 
 `` sounds good to me , '' rachel said , not looking at jolene as she brought the thawed chicken out of the refrigerator . 
 `` i hate tacos , '' her stepdaughter said . 
 `` since when ? '' 
 `` since you started cooking them . 
 my dad used to make them better . 
 we made tacos together and had a lot of fun . '' 
 in other words , rachel 's advent into their lives had ruined everything . 
 `` i 'd love your help , '' rachel said , striving to speak pleasantly and disregard jolene 's insults . 
 `` if you showed me how , then maybe i could make them the way you like them . '' 
 `` not a chance , '' jolene said , and disappeared down the hallway to her bedroom . 
 trying to salvage the evening , rachel went to work ; she seasoned the chicken with taco seasoning , grated the cheese , diced fresh tomatoes and shredded lettuce . 
 then she put the meal on the table , which , to her pleasure , bruce had set without being reminded . 
 he summoned jolene and the three of them sat down . 
 `` how was school ? '' 
 bruce asked his daughter . 
 `` great . 
 i got an a on my history test . '' 
 `` congratulations , '' rachel said . 
 jolene glanced away as if to discount any praise from rachel . 
 `` misty asked me to spend the night on friday . 
 i can , ca n't i , dad ? '' 
 bruce looked at rachel . 
 `` i do n't have any objection if you do n't . '' 
 `` i thought misty 's parents worked swing shift . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` so , who else will be there until her parents get home ? '' 
 `` no one , '' jolene said irritably . 
 `` her parents let her take care of herself . 
 we 're not babies , you know . '' 
 `` jolene 's spent the night at misty 's before , '' bruce added , siding with his daughter . 
 `` but that was a saturday and her parents were home , '' rachel pointed out . 
 `` oh , right . '' 
 `` why do n't you have misty spend the night at our place ? '' 
 rachel suggested . 
 jolene glared across the table at her . 
 `` not with you here . '' 
 `` jolene , '' bruce snapped , reprimanding her . 
 `` i wish you 'd never married rachel , '' she shouted at her father . 
 `` i hate having her in our house . 
 i want it to be like it was before . '' 
 `` jolene , please ... '' rachel began but her stepdaughter was n't willing to listen . 
 instead , she jumped up from the table and ran down the hallway to her room . 
 rachel flinched as the door slammed shut . 
 after a moment of silence , she met her husband 's eyes across the table . 
 bruce released a pent-up sigh . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 that was ... unfortunate . '' 
 `` i should n't have said anything . '' 
 hard as rachel tried , it never seemed to do any good . 
 `` no , you brought up a valid point . 
 if jolene spends the night with one of her girlfriends , i want there to be adult supervision . 
 i know misty 's grandmother stays with her some of the nights her parents are gone , but apparently she 's alone the rest of the time . 
 those two girls together , without any supervision , could get into trouble . '' 
 rachel stood and started to clear the table . 
 she considered bringing up the possibility of counseling , then decided to wait until she did n't feel quite so tired . 
 `` do you want me to get jolene to help with the dishes ? '' 
 he asked . 
 if he did , jolene would sulk and argue , and that would only increase rachel 's stress . 
 `` no , thanks . 
 i 'll do them . '' 
 bruce frowned . 
 `` she should be doing chores . '' 
 `` yes , but ... not tonight . 
 she 's upset with us both . 
 she can do the dishes tomorrow . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 he asked . 
 rachel nodded wearily . 
 a few minutes later , as she stood at the sink , rinsing off the plates and setting them in the bottom rack of the dishwasher , bruce moved in behind her . 
 he 'd finished clearing the table and had put the leftovers in the refrigerator . 
 now he slipped his arms around her waist and nuzzled her neck , dropping warm , moist kisses beside her ear . 
 shivers of awareness raced down her spine . 
 `` bruce ... '' she whispered , but then she let him continue . 
 she closed her eyes and leaned back , her weight resting against his strength . 
 she was vaguely aware of a noise behind her , but it did n't register at first . 
 when she realized jolene had come into the room , she instantly stiffened . 
 `` you two are disgusting ! '' 
 the girl screamed . 
 `` i ca n't have friends over because you embarrass me . 
 it would help if you could keep your hands off each other for five minutes , you know . '' 
 with that , she stormed down the hallway and banged her bedroom door shut for the second time that night . 
 bruce released rachel and sighed . 
 `` i guess that means misty wo n't be spending friday night with us . '' 
 rachel did n't know if he was joking or simply unobservant . 
 either way , the only response she could manage was to roll her eyes . 
 eight mary jo wyse woke , startled out of a deep sleep . 
 she was n't sure if that was because of a dream she 'd been having or because noelle had made some small noise as she slept . 
 at almost five months , the baby was sleeping through the night-well , practically every night . 
 mary jo was grateful for that . 
 noelle slept in a crib in her room ; mary jo was n't ready to move her to the nursery yet . 
 as she lay in bed , staring up at the dark ceiling , mary jo mulled over what she 'd discovered the previous weekend . 
 mack owned the duplex . 
 he 'd wanted her living close by and , in order to make that happen , he 'd misled her into thinking a distant friend of his was the owner . 
 his lie disappointed her deeply . 
 she liked mack ; in fact , she liked him a great deal . 
 nevertheless , she was wary of embarking on another relationship . 
 david rhodes had taught her several painful lessons and she 'd be a fool if she did n't take those lessons to heart . 
 the problem was that she wanted to trust mack . 
 but she 'd yearned to believe in david , too . 
 she 'd clung for much too long to the fiction that her baby 's father loved her and welcomed their child , refusing to accept what was obvious to everyone else ... and should 've been to her . 
 even her brothers knew what kind of man david was without ever meeting him . 
 when she 'd finally recognized the truth , mary jo had been devastated . 
 yet , despite everything , she 'd never regret having noelle . 
 the baby gave her life purpose . 
 and hope . 
 because of noelle , there was more to think about than herself . 
 any decision she made , any action she took , would have an impact on her daughter , too . 
 to his credit mack had tried to make amends . 
 monday afternoon mary jo arrived home from her job at allan harris 's law firm to find a large bouquet of flowers on her doorstep . 
 the card that accompanied it said simply , `` i 'm sorry , '' and was signed by mack . 
 tuesday and wednesday nights he was at the fire station , but on thursday there was another gift . 
 a set of cake pans . 
 cake pans ! 
 of all the silly things to remember she needed . 
 she wanted to bake a coconut cake using a recipe charlotte rhodes had generously shared . 
 mary jo had purchased the ingredients , but when she reached home , she realized she did n't have circular cake pans . 
 by then she did n't feel like returning to the store . 
 she 'd bake it another time . 
 mack was working so hard to convince her to forgive him . 
 again , every instinct told her she should . 
 she 'd always be grateful for his help in finding a home for her and noelle-even though she firmly disagreed with his deception , regardless of how well-intentioned it was . 
 without him , she might still be living with her three overbearing brothers . 
 she loved them-they were her family-but they were suffocating her . 
 when she 'd lost her job with the insurance company , she 'd flown into a panic , although it was a blessing in disguise if ever there was one . 
 her fear was that once she returned from maternity leave she 'd be forced to see david rhodes again , since he worked for the same company . 
 but her employer had taken that worry off her hands and presented her with another-no job at all . 
 a friend had recently told her that david was no longer employed by the company , either . 
 the opportunity to move to cedar cove had come at the perfect time . 
 mack had been instrumental in that decision . 
 grace harding and olivia griffin , who 'd also befriended her , had made the transition as effortless as possible . 
 the two women had helped her find a new job , and grace 's younger daughter , kelly , provided day care for noelle . 
 once she 'd secured employment and child care , all mary jo needed was an affordable place to live . 
 she knew housing costs would be significantly lower than seattle prices , and she 'd been delighted that rent on a refurbished duplex was so reasonable . 
 no wonder . 
 mack could 've rented it for twice what he charged her . 
 well , she 'd taken care of that , although it put a serious strain on her budget . 
 she 'd checked with a real-estate agent grace recommended and come up with an appropriate amount . 
 mack obviously saw that she was n't changing her mind on this , since he had n't argued when she 'd insisted on paying full rent . 
 she also planned to repay him the balance for the months she 'd already lived there . 
 at one point after she 'd been confronted by david , mack had offered to marry her , which had felt ... weird , but she 'd said yes , anyway . 
 fortunately , they 'd both recognized what a mistake that was and called it off before they 'd made any family announcements . 
 she could only imagine how linc would react if he 'd learned about that . 
 linc . 
 thinking about her brother , mary jo smiled as she rolled onto her side and punched her feather pillow to reshape it . 
 she could n't remember ever seeing her brother this happy . 
 she would n't have guessed it , but marriage suited him . 
 he and lori had n't known each other long-a shorter time , even , than she 'd known mack-but they seemed to complement each other well . 
 linc was n't an impulsive man , but in the past couple of months he 'd made two drastic changes to his life . 
 the first was marrying lori bellamy . 
 the second was moving to cedar cove and starting a branch of the auto body and repair business their father had established more than forty years earlier . 
 mel and ned , the two younger brothers , were now in charge of the seattle shop . 
 the fact that linc had handed over the business to his siblings said he believed they were capable of handling it without him . 
 apparently he , too , had felt the restraints imposed by family and was ready to move ahead with his life . 
 good for him ! 
 at first mary jo had suspected that linc 's reason for coming to cedar cove was to stand guard over her . 
 that , however , did n't appear to be the case . 
 the truth was , she rarely saw him . 
 he was busy setting up his business , equipping and renovating the commercial garage he 'd purchased , and enjoying married life . 
 mary jo must have fallen asleep again because the alarm woke her abruptly at seven . 
 immediately noelle woke up , too , hungry and badly in need of a diaper change . 
 mary jo gave her a bath , fed and dressed her and took her to kelly 's house on her way to the office . 
 mary jo was tired all day , no doubt because of the hours she 'd lain awake , thinking about mack and david rhodes and linc ... `` well , at least it 's friday , '' she muttered to herself as she corrected a document for the third time . 
 when she finally got home that afternoon , she saw mack 's truck in their shared driveway . 
 he must 've been waiting for her because he came onto the porch as soon as she climbed out of the car . 
 she gave him a cursory wave , then lifted noelle from her carrier in the backseat . 
 `` hi , '' he said , looking unsettled and yet eager to talk . 
 he 'd slid his hands in his hip pockets , a habit that signaled he was ill at ease . 
 `` hello , mack . '' 
 `` are you still angry ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i do n't think angry is the right word . 
 i think disappointed says it better . '' 
 he took a moment to consider her reply . 
 `` i really am sorry . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 mary jo had sensed his guilt and regret the minute he 'd confessed . 
 `` i just wish you 'd been honest with me from the beginning . '' 
 `` i will from now on . '' 
 mary jo nodded . 
 she really did n't have anything more to say . 
 she figured everyone was entitled to one mistake ; if anything else happened , she 'd know it was time to move on . 
 `` can we let bygones be bygones , then ? '' 
 she nodded again . 
 `` yes , let 's do that . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 his relief was obvious . 
 he stepped down from the porch and started toward her . 
 `` i wanted to tell you-i went to the library this afternoon . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` i do n't remember that much about world war ii from my high school history class , so i took out a couple of books on the war . 
 i 'd like to familiarize myself with some of the details . '' 
 mary jo smiled . 
 `` i talked to charlotte this wednesday and also last week , when i took noelle over there , '' she told him . 
 `` and i did an online search of every high school in the area , but i did n't find a single jacob dennison in the 1930s or early forties . 
 i 'll expand my search the next chance i get . '' 
 she shifted noelle from her right arm to her left . 
 `` did charlotte have any information ? '' 
 mack asked , reaching inside her car for the baby seat and diaper bag . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 she thought joan manry might have attended cedar cove high school , so i went online and checked out the names of everyone who graduated during the war years . 
 she was n't there . '' 
 `` that 's too bad . '' 
 `` i want to look online for telephone directories from that era , too , but i have n't had time . '' 
 `` is that even possible ? '' 
 `` we wo n't know until we try . '' 
 mack 's face broke into a bright smile . 
 mary jo frowned , wondering what he found so amusing . 
 `` i love that you said ` we , ' '' mack explained , clearly understanding her question . 
 `` i want us to work together to track down those two . 
 i do n't understand why joan would hide the letters . 
 i 'm grateful she did , but it makes me wonder . '' 
 `` all i can think is that her family objected to her soldier boy and this was the only way to keep his letters to herself . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 jacob did say something about her sister not liking him , did n't he ? '' 
 `` yes , and i have no idea why . 
 although i gather the two of them-joan and elaine-didn ' t get along that well . '' 
 `` you said she lived with her sister here in cedar cove ? 
 what about their parents ? '' 
 `` not sure . 
 what i 've picked up from the letters is that she and elaine did live here , but i have n't seen anything about their parents . 
 it 's difficult to follow everything just reading his half of the correspondence . '' 
 mary jo held her door open for mack . 
 `` do you want to come in ? 
 stay for dinner ? '' 
 she could tell right away that the invitation pleased him . 
 `` how about if i order pizza ? 
 that way we can look at the letters and check the dates against the books i got from the library . '' 
 `` pizza sounds fabulous . '' 
 mary jo had planned to make clam chowder , but she was exhausted at even the prospect of cooking . 
 a broken night and a long week took their toll , and the strain between her and mack had n't helped . 
 `` just make sure none of those anchovies you like so much end up on my half of the pizza , '' she warned laughingly . 
 `` i 'll try , '' mack said with a grin . 
 an hour later , they sat at her kitchen table , the pizza box open on the counter . 
 noelle lay on her stomach in the playpen nearby , gurgling and chewing on her toys . 
 both history books were on the table , along with the cigar box of letters . 
 mack and mary jo had finished eating and were prepared to start their research . 
 `` okay , check this date , '' mary jo said , unfolding a letter . 
 `` june 3 , 1944 . 
 that 's the last one in the box . 
 listen to what he has to say . '' 
 she began to read . 
 hi , honey , how 's my best gal ? 
 i do n't know what 's happening but there 's been a lot of talk lately . 
 if i say any more it 'll probably get cut out of this letter , so i wo n't . 
 whatever it is , i know i 'm going and soon . 
 i feel it in my gut . 
 at a time like this , i want you to understand that no matter what 's ahead of me , i 'm ready . 
 if the invasion comes to pass-although i have no idea where or when-you should know there 's a strong likelihood that i wo n't make it back . 
 do n't get me wrong . 
 i do n't want to die . 
 none of us do . 
 but this is war , joan , and if i have breath left in me , i will fight . 
 i 'm no hero , but i am willing to do what 's required of me so that you , my parents , my brother and sisters-and everyone in europe and america and the rest of the world-can live in freedom . 
 if i had a choice , i 'd be with you , making those babies we talked about . 
 instead , i 'm all the way over on the other side of the world , ready to do whatever it takes to send hitler straight to hell where he belongs . 
 remember i love you . 
 i ca n't say it any plainer than that . 
 if i lose my life , then please remember that nothing here on earth or in heaven will stand in the way of my love . 
 pray for me , my darling . 
 pray for us all . 
 hugs and kisses , jacob mary jo 's voice broke as she read the last few lines . 
 mack could n't help responding to her emotion . 
 focusing on his task , he reached for one of the library books , flipping through it . 
 `` oh , my goodness , '' he whispered . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mary jo set aside the letter and walked over to his side of the table , looking over his shoulder . 
 `` june 6 of that year was d-day . 
 when the allies invaded europe on the beaches of normandy . '' 
 `` that was his last letter , '' mary jo repeated . 
 she returned to her chair and slumped down . 
 she realized what must have happened . 
 `` remind me what some of the previous letters say . '' 
 `` well , he said the men were in constant drills . 
 i know jacob was a paratrooper with the 101st . 
 he talked about what it was like when he made his first jump . 
 he was scared out of his wits , but he said it got easier the more often he did it . '' 
 `` he must 've been practicing for the landing , '' mack said . 
 `` that makes sense . '' 
 `` at the end of the letter , when he said that if anything happened to him - '' mary jo could n't continue . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mack asked , glancing up . 
 mary jo blinked back tears . 
 `` he was killed , was n't he ? 
 he did n't survive the invasion . '' 
 `` we do n't know that . 
 he might have been wounded . '' 
 `` maybe , '' she agreed with some hesitation . 
 `` but do n't you think she would 've kept the letter notifying her of that ? '' 
 `` they were n't married , right ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 they were engaged ; jacob had left for europe with the promise that if he made it back they 'd be married . 
 `` but if they were n't husband and wife , the army would n't have notified joan that jacob had been wounded , '' mack explained . 
 `` the only way she 'd learn that was if someone in jacob 's family told her . '' 
 `` there 's nothing here from his family . '' 
 `` we still ca n't rule out the possibility that he might 've been wounded . 
 i do n't think we should leap to the conclusion that he was killed in the invasion . '' 
 `` what does the book say about d-day ? '' 
 mary jo asked , feeling she was sadly lacking in her knowledge of second world war history . 
 `` okay , '' mack said , scanning the information . 
 `` the normandy landings by the allied forces were the largest amphibious invasion ever undertaken . 
 wow , listen to this ! 
 there were one hundred and seventy-five thousand troops and over five thousand ships . 
 i ca n't even imagine what that must 've looked like . '' 
 `` they came from england , did n't they ? '' 
 she remembered that much , anyway . 
 he nodded . 
 `` the landings took place along a fifty-mile stretch of the normandy coast and were divided into five sectors . '' 
 he listed them . 
 `` i remember something about omaha beach and utah beach in history class-and from that movie , saving private ryan . 
 that 's where the americans landed . '' 
 `` oh , yes ... of course . '' 
 mary jo had watched the movie with her brothers on dvd . 
 the battle-scene action had upset her-and now she knew of someone who 'd actually been there , part of the battle . 
 someone who might have died there . 
 someone whose handwriting she 'd become familiar with , whose thoughts she was privy to . 
 `` i believe the english and canadians were on juno beach and sword beach , '' mack went on . 
 `` omaha and utah were definitely where the americans landed . '' 
 `` jacob - '' `` jacob would n't have been on the beaches , '' mack said . 
 `` he would n't ? '' 
 `` he was a paratrooper , was n't he ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 he was . '' 
 she was n't entirely sure what that meant , other than that he jumped out of planes . 
 `` then he must 've parachuted in behind enemy lines . '' '' 
 ` behind enemy lines , ' '' she echoed in a hushed voice , hardly aware she 'd spoken the words aloud . 
 mack glanced over at her . 
 `` that does n't automatically mean jacob was killed , '' he said again . 
 `` i know , but without another letter after the invasion , it does n't bode well . '' 
 mack did n't say anything for a minute or two . 
 `` are you sure there was n't more than the cigar box hidden under the floorboards ? '' 
 he eventually asked . 
 at the time , mary jo had been so excited about finding the letters that she had n't searched further . 
 `` maybe we should go and look , '' she said . 
 `` want to do it now ? '' 
 `` why not . '' 
 she led the way into her bedroom . 
 the more she thought about it , the more convinced she was that jacob dennison had been killed . 
 perhaps that was why joan had hidden his letters . 
 she could n't bear to part with them , but could n't bear to look at them , either . 
 mack opened the closet door and got down on all fours to remove the loose planks . 
 mary jo doubted that anything else could 've been hidden inside that small space . 
 `` do you have a flashlight ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 `` yes , hold on . '' 
 she hurried into the kitchen , opening the utility drawer and pulling out the flashlight . 
 linc had bought it for her and she was grateful because she 'd already used it once during a power outage . 
 when she returned to the bedroom , mary jo found mack lying on his stomach . 
 `` here , '' she said , handing him the light . 
 mack stretched out his arm and took it from her . 
 `` do you see anything ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` you do ? '' 
 she could n't keep the excitement out of her voice . 
 `` wait , '' he said in a half grunt . 
 whatever he 'd uncovered was in his hands now . 
 he scrambled into a kneeling position and gave mary jo what appeared to be a small square with a piece of oilcloth wrapped around it . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked , hardly able to believe her eyes . 
 `` open it and see , '' mack said . 
 mary jo knelt on the floor next to him and reverently peeled off the protective rag to discover a small brown book , closed with a tiny hinged lock . 
 across the top five year diary was written in faded gold lettering . 
 `` it 's joan 's diary , '' mary jo exclaimed . 
 she pressed it to her heart . 
 at last they 'd have their answer . 
 at last they 'd learn the fate of the man who had become so real to them . 
 if mack had n't thought to look in the hiding space again , she might never have seen this diary . 
 `` thank you , mack , '' she said , and spontaneously leaned forward to kiss him . 
 it was a simple kiss , but it instantly stirred mary jo 's emotions . 
 neither of them moved for a long moment and then , as if drawn together by some outside force , they simultaneously reached for each other ... the diary was forgotten as mary jo threw her arms around mack and gave herself over to his kiss . 
 nine will jefferson was certain he 'd made some headway with shirley bliss . 
 after several disappointing conversations , she 'd finally accepted a date . 
 this was no small achievement on his end ; shirley had agreed to attend a seattle art show featuring the work of larry knight . 
 when the invitation arrived will knew right away that this event would interest shirley . 
 she 'd always been impressed by his connection with a major art-world star like knight . 
 will had asked her out on several other occasions in the past month and she 'd had excuses every time . 
 he 'd prefer to believe she would 've been eager to accompany him if not for her `` prior engagements . '' 
 he knew at least one of those engagements was real , the one with her friend melinda , matilda ... m something-or-other sullivan . 
 miranda . 
 that was it . 
 he and miranda had chatted briefly on the phone and she 'd said she 'd assist him when necessary . 
 so far , he had n't needed her . 
 she had n't sounded any friendlier during that conversation than she had the night of the library event . 
 however , will was confident he 'd win her over without a lot of effort . 
 despite his offer to pick her up at home , shirley had insisted on meeting him at the bremerton ferry . 
 he was n't happy about it , but at this stage he was willing to let her set the parameters of their relationship . 
 if she wanted to go slow , that was fine ; he was a patient man . 
 when he got to bremerton , will found shirley waiting in the ferry terminal . 
 `` it 's good to see you . '' 
 he held out his hands as he walked toward her and leaned forward to kiss her cheek . 
 `` good to see you , too . '' 
 she stepped back quickly . 
 he knew she was n't physically demonstrative , especially in public , so he was n't offended . 
 she looked lovely , dressed in a bold black-and-teal outfit . 
 will felt fortunate to have her at his side . 
 he 'd taken care with his appearance , too . 
 he recognized the importance of dressing well and did n't mind splurging on suits that fit him properly . 
 in his experience , money spent on a man 's wardrobe produced dividends . 
 clothes made the man ; that might be a cliche but will was in full agreement . 
 `` i 'm so glad you invited me , '' she said as they walked onto the ferry . 
 `` i 'm a big fan of larry knight 's . '' 
 they made their way to the front , getting to the choice seats before those who 'd driven on could reach them . 
 they sat on the comfortable padded benches across from each other . 
 `` larry knight is a friend of mine , '' will reminded her . 
 he did n't want to point out that if it were n't for him , tanni 's boyfriend would never have gotten into that san francisco art school . 
 thanks to him and his connections , shaw was doing what he wanted-and at a considerable distance from shirley 's daughter . 
 fortunately , larry felt shaw had talent and was willing to help him . 
 `` i really admire his work , especially some of the recent pieces . 
 you know , the ones that were influenced by sixties pop art . '' 
 `` yes , he 's very talented . '' 
 will knew he sounded a bit cursory . 
 `` he 's more than talented , '' shirley said . 
 `` the man is a genius . '' 
 will frowned . 
 saying larry was a genius was going overboard in his opinion . 
 maybe shirley thought too highly of the man . 
 nevertheless , will was determined to make this an evening she 'd long remember . 
 the dinner he 'd arranged for afterward was guaranteed to impress her . 
 `` he 's worked in almost every medium , '' she said , and seemed unable to keep her admiration at bay . 
 `` i do n't think i 've ever met anyone as versatile as larry . 
 well , actually , we have n't met , not officially , but i 'm familiar with his work and i almost feel i know him through you . 
 it 's such a privilege to finally meet him . '' 
 will was growing tired of this . 
 `` i 've known larry for years . 
 we met in atlanta in ' 96 , at the unveiling of a painting he did for the olympics , '' will said , bringing the conversation back to himself . 
 he 'd been involved in organizing the cocktail party and subsequent press . 
 truthfully , georgia had done much of the work , but she preferred to remain in the background , whereas will enjoyed the limelight . 
 shirley nodded . 
 `` were you aware larry used to do cover art ? '' 
 `` cover art ? '' 
 `` for novels . '' 
 will had n't known about that part of larry 's portfolio . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` at one time he illustrated children 's books , too . '' 
 he arched his eyebrows in a show of surprise . 
 `` he does n't anymore , does he ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he 's priced himself out of that market and probably the commercial art market , as well . '' 
 will murmured something noncommittal . 
 `` i 'm so thrilled to have this opportunity to meet him , '' shirley said , sounding more animated than he 'd ever heard her . 
 will crossed his legs and suspected now might be a good time to reinforce the fact that her entree to the great larry knight was due to him . 
 `` like i said earlier , we 're old friends . '' 
 he did n't mention that the artist had lost his wife five years before , because it gave larry and shirley a common bond , which did n't do anything to set his mind at ease . 
 `` oh , i know , '' she said reverently . 
 he nodded , basking in her appreciation . 
 `` if i was n't for you and larry , shaw would probably still be working at mocha mama 's . '' 
 some of his tension ebbed . 
 shirley understood ; he had n't invited her so she could fawn over larry knight . 
 she was his date . 
 the seattle art museum was already crowded when they arrived . 
 the walk from the ferry dock up to first avenue had been exhilarating . 
 it was a beautiful spring night , and the `` glitterati '' were out in force . 
 will felt he and shirley blended perfectly with the rich and cultured art lovers making their way to the event . 
 the tickets had n't been cheap , and will hoped shirley appreciated that he 'd put down serious money for this opportunity . 
 he 'd also made dinner reservations at an expensive restaurant . 
 when they entered the gallery , larry was standing with a group of people , all chatting and drinking a variety of high-end wines , if the bottles on display were any indication . 
 larry was a tall man , two or three inches over six feet . 
 he was n't big or muscular but he had a commanding presence . 
 these days he sported a neatly trimmed salt-and-pepper beard and tonight he wore a western-style jacket . 
 his hair , a bit too long by will 's standards , was combed back from his forehead . 
 `` come on . 
 i 'll introduce you , '' he said , steering shirley in larry 's direction . 
 knowing how many people larry met , will hoped there would n't be an awkward moment before he recognized him . 
 he waited politely until larry was free , then stepped forward . 
 `` larry , i 'd like to introduce my friend , shirley bliss . '' 
 `` will jefferson . '' 
 larry shook hands with him . 
 `` wonderful to see you again . '' 
 `` you , too , '' will told the other man , hoping his relief was n't evident . 
 next , larry turned to shirley and extended his hand . 
 `` shirley bliss , '' he repeated slowly . 
 `` i recognize the name . 
 you 're an artist ? '' 
 shirley blushed profusely and seemed too tongue-tied to answer . 
 `` shirley is a fabric artist from cedar cove , '' will said . 
 `` shirley bliss , '' larry said , as if the name had suddenly clicked in his mind . 
 `` of course . 
 i 've seen your work . '' 
 `` you have ? '' 
 shirley seemed stunned by this revelation . 
 `` yes . 
 will here sent me a photograph of his gallery , and i had an excellent view of the dragon , which he said is currently on display . 
 an incredible piece . '' 
 `` why ... thank you . 
 that 's one of the biggest compliments of my career . '' 
 `` red wine or white ? '' 
 will asked brusquely . 
 shirley glanced at him . 
 `` red , please . '' 
 `` while will 's getting your wine , allow me to show you one of my own pieces . '' 
 `` i 'd be honored . '' 
 will scowled as larry led shirley away , one hand under her elbow . 
 he did n't quite know how things had gotten so quickly out of control . 
 he sensed an instant rapport between larry and shirley , and it worried him . 
 will located a waiter and obtained two glasses of red wine . 
 when he rejoined shirley and larry and handed her the cabernet , she regarded it blankly for a second , then thanked him . 
 `` we 've dominated too much of your time , '' will said abruptly , prepared to usher shirley to the opposite side of the room . 
 `` we have , '' shirley agreed with obvious reluctance . 
 `` i ca n't tell you how much i enjoyed speaking with you , larry . 
 thank you again . '' 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 larry bowed his head slightly and held her gaze a moment longer than necessary . 
 `` shall we look around ? '' 
 will suggested . 
 `` that would be lovely , '' she said breathlessly . 
 will drew her away from larry but saw how shirley 's eyes followed the other man as he strolled about the room , greeting his guests and chatting with them . 
 as they surveyed the paintings , will had to appreciate larry knight 's talent-although he was n't the least bit inclined to appreciate the attention larry had paid to his date . 
 each canvas seemed to mesmerize shirley . 
 `` his use of color and shadow is awe-inspiring , '' she said at least a dozen times . 
 will knew larry 's work sold for six figures and up . 
 at those prices they should inspire awe . 
 an hour later , the room started to clear . 
 will was about to suggest they leave when larry unexpectedly sought them out . 
 shirley 's eyes lit up as he approached . 
 `` do you two have dinner plans ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` we do , '' will said , not giving shirley an opportunity to answer . 
 `` that 's a shame , '' larry said . 
 `` i 'd like it if you could join me at a private supper this evening . 
 i fly out early in the morning . 
 it 'll be my agent , the exhibit 's curator , a few other people and me . 
 we 're getting together at a club not far from here . '' 
 `` unfortunately , we ca n't , '' will said , trying to sound genuinely sorry . 
 shirley shot him a pleading glance . 
 `` ca n't we change our plans ? '' 
 `` unfortunately , no . 
 i 've made dinner reservations . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she was obviously none too happy . 
 will locked eyes with the other man , warning him to butt out . 
 shirley was his date and larry was treading on his territory . 
 `` another time , then , '' larry said smoothly . 
 `` another time , '' will echoed . 
 he clasped shirley 's elbow as he led her toward the exit . 
 once outside , he half expected shirley to argue , but she accepted his unwillingness to share her company . 
 her attitude soothed his ruffled ego . 
 it was bad enough that shirley had hung on every word larry knight uttered . 
 will had made reservations at the best steak house in seattle and preordered a bottle of expensive wine . 
 he was surprised to learn that shirley was n't fond of red meat . 
 maybe he did n't know her as well as he 'd thought ... she was subdued on the ride back to bremerton . 
 when the ferry docked he insisted on walking her to the parking garage , where she 'd left her car . 
 `` thank you , '' she said as they reached her vehicle . 
 `` i had such a nice time . '' 
 `` i enjoyed myself , too , '' he said , hoping to emphasize that the evening would n't have been half as pleasurable without her . 
 `` meeting larry was definitely a highlight . '' 
 `` i 'm glad i could make that happen for you . '' 
 will hated to be so blatant ; still , he wanted shirley to acknowledge his role in presenting her with that `` highlight . '' 
 `` he lost his wife , you know . '' 
 `` yes , i know . '' 
 so larry had told her he was a widower . 
 too bad , since will had made a point of not mentioning it ... `` five years ago . 
 she had a heart ailment . 
 apparently she 'd been born with it but they did n't find out until it was too late . '' 
 `` tragic , '' he said . 
 those were details he had n't known . 
 obviously the two of them had n't been discussing artistic techniques in the few minutes it had taken him to get the wine . 
 shirley had probably revealed that she was a widow , too . 
 `` yes , '' she murmured , searching inside her purse for her car keys . 
 `` how about a nightcap ? '' 
 shirley smiled and shook her head . 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 will had n't thought she 'd agree , but he 'd felt he should ask . 
 she 'd started to open her car door when will gently placed his hand on her shoulder . 
 after everything he 'd invested in making this evening a success , he 'd appreciate a kiss . 
 but shirley turned her face and pressed her lips to his cheek . 
 `` thank you again for a lovely , lovely evening . '' 
 he stepped aside as she climbed into her car , backed out of the space and drove away . 
 will felt an odd mixture of emotions as he walked toward the lot where he 'd left his own car . 
 for the past year he 'd lived a restrained and modest life . 
 practically like a saint , if he said so himself . 
 or a monk . 
 it had n't been easy , either . 
 there 'd been more than one opportunity to connect with a beautiful woman , to spend a night or a week with her , no questions asked . 
 but the whole point of moving to cedar cove was to make positive changes in his life , to break old patterns . 
 he wanted a lasting relationship and he wanted it with shirley bliss . 
 not only was she talented , intelligent , classy , but he found her extremely attractive . 
 what he had n't considered was the fact that she might not find him attractive . 
 that thought did more than sting ; it was a hard blow to his ego . 
 he recognized that shirley was strongly attracted to larry knight , although he doubted a romance between them would go anywhere . 
 larry 's travel and engagement schedule would make maintaining a relationship next to impossible . 
 that left room for will ... as he drove back to cedar cove , his mind was whirring with ideas on how to pursue the reluctant shirley bliss . 
 so far , he 'd failed ; that was because he 'd been too eager , he decided . 
 a bit of circumspection would go a long way . 
 playing hard to get was a classic strategy , as every high school kid knew . 
 he 'd wait at least a week before contacting shirley again . 
 if another one of her pieces happened to sell , great , but he 'd mail her a check at the end of the month , like he did for everyone else . 
 no more personal phone calls or special deliveries . 
 that would work . 
 he should probably date someone else , too . 
 he considered the options-and then in a flash it came to him . 
 grinning broadly he slapped his hand on the steering wheel . 
 if anyone would get shirley 's attention , it would be her best friend . 
 oh , yeah , will liked a challenge and this was a two-for-one . 
 miranda sullivan and shirley bliss . 
 tomorrow he 'd call miranda and ask her out . 
 ten waiting for peggy beldon the morning after memorial day weekend , corrie mcafee glanced out her living room window . 
 peggy , who was picking her up for their shopping expedition , had taken a break from the renovations she and her husband , bob , were doing at their thyme and tide bed and breakfast on cranberry point . 
 the place was deservedly popular ; peggy possessed the gift of making guests feel welcome in their home . 
 she was a multitalented cook , as well . 
 her breakfasts-all her meals-were feasts to behold . 
 and to enjoy . 
 corrie moved away from the window and grabbed her purse when peggy pulled up . 
 `` she 's here , '' corrie called out to her husband . 
 roy would be leaving for his office in half an hour or so , while corrie , who worked as his assistant , had taken the day off . 
 that was definitely one of the benefits of keeping employment in the family . 
 `` have fun , '' roy said without lowering the paper . 
 `` are n't you going to warn me about spending too much money ? '' 
 she teased . 
 roy laid the newspaper on his knee . 
 `` would it do any good ? '' 
 `` probably not , '' she said . 
 `` just one small reminder , '' roy said . 
 `` you do n't save money by spending money . '' 
 `` yes , dear . '' 
 he scowled in her direction but his eyes shone with barely disguised amusement . 
 `` that 's what i thought you 'd say . '' 
 hiding her own smile , she blew him a kiss and was out the door . 
 peggy was on her cell phone when corrie slid onto the passenger seat . 
 finishing the call , peggy closed her cell and smiled over at her friend . 
 `` i was talking to bob . 
 he 's painting the bedrooms this week and i wanted to confirm that i had the right color for each room . '' 
 the goal for this excursion was to purchase bedspreads and sheets for the guest rooms at the b and b. `` i thought we 'd go to the outlet mall in chehalis . '' 
 `` great . 
 i have n't been there since last christmas . '' 
 the drive would take more than an hour but that gave them a chance to catch up . 
 corrie was n't looking for anything in particular at the stores . 
 true , a bargain was a bargain , but even though roy had implied otherwise , she was sensible . 
 `` how 's mack ? '' 
 peggy asked . 
 `` very well , '' corrie replied . 
 she was happy to have her son living so close . 
 his relationship with his father was better than it 'd been since he was a child . 
 they 'd been at odds for years , which had made family gatherings uncomfortable . 
 for her sake , roy had tried not to goad mack but his resolve never seemed to last long . 
 she was n't sure how or why things had improved . 
 nothing had really changed other than the fact that gloria had come into their lives . 
 sadness settled over corrie as she thought about her oldest daughter . 
 she 'd given birth to gloria as a college student and surrendered her for adoption . 
 she and roy had broken up ; he was involved with another girl by the time corrie discovered she was pregnant . 
 without telling him about the baby , she 'd returned home to her family and quietly waited out the pregnancy . 
 not until they 'd reunited a couple of years later did roy learn they 'd had a child . 
 then , as an adult , gloria had tracked them down . 
 corrie was overjoyed at this opportunity to know the infant she 'd relinquished to another family . 
 after gloria 's adoptive parents were killed in a private plane crash , she 'd gone in search of her birth family . 
 gloria had been shocked to learn that her birth parents had married each other and that she had two full siblings-a younger sister and brother . 
 all in all , their reunion had gone well . 
 everyone had made an effort , although a certain hesitation remained . 
 linnette and mack did n't share a family history with gloria , who 'd been raised as an only child . 
 they had no memories or experiences in common . 
 everyone had worked hard , and continued to work hard , to make gloria feel loved and wanted . 
 and yet , at times , corrie sensed a dissatisfaction in her oldest daughter , a feeling that she did n't belong . 
 in some ways they were still strangers . 
 `` how 's it working out with mack and mary jo living next door to each other ? '' 
 peggy asked next . 
 `` so far so good . '' 
 corrie held up one hand , fingers crossed . 
 `` she 's a lovely girl . '' 
 `` did i tell you mary jo found a box full of letters from world war ii ? 
 mack mentioned that they 've been doing research on the war , '' corrie said . 
 `` do you remember who wrote the letters ? 
 or who received them ? '' 
 `` they were written to a joan manry , and they 're from her soldier boyfriend . 
 she worked in the shipyard during the war years , but mack does n't seem to think her family was originally from cedar cove . '' 
 `` i do n't recognize the name , '' peggy said . 
 she 'd been born and raised in cedar cove and had married bob beldon , her high school sweetheart . 
 they 'd lived in the spokane area for a number of years and then returned to cedar cove to retire , buying the bed-and-breakfast . 
 `` mack said there was an influx of families during the war years . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 peggy nodded . 
 `` they came to work in the shipyard . '' 
 `` the young soldier who wrote the letters is called jacob dennison . 
 does that name sound familiar ? '' 
 corrie asked hopefully . 
 `` sorry , no . '' 
 `` i was afraid of that . '' 
 corrie sighed . 
 `` it 's such an intriguing mystery . '' 
 `` what are mack and mary jo doing with the letters ? 
 i wonder if either party is still alive . '' 
 peggy checked her rearview mirror as she merged with the freeway traffic heading toward olympia , the state capital . 
 `` mary jo wants to give them to the heirs if they can be located . 
 mack and mary jo have told us quite a lot about those letters . 
 they really are a treasure . '' 
 `` i 'd like to see them sometime . '' 
 when corrie murmured , `` oh , i would , too , '' peggy added , `` i occasionally look at bob 's letters from vietnam and ... well , they really bring back that whole time . '' 
 they were silent for a while after that . 
 `` the baby 's growing so fast , '' corrie eventually commented . 
 `` mack asked if i 'd watch noelle for a couple of hours this past sunday so he could take mary jo to the movies . 
 i loved every minute of it . '' 
 `` are you ready to be a grandma ? '' 
 peggy asked with a smile . 
 `` more than ready . '' 
 corrie looked forward to it , but she suspected it would take a few years . 
 unless , as she hoped , she inherited baby noelle as her granddaughter . 
 that would thrill her , and mack , too . 
 a marriage between mack and mary jo seemed increasingly likely . 
 she was sure linnette would eventually marry , as well , although corrie had the feeling it would n't be for some time . 
 her daughter was n't over losing cal washburn , who 'd broken her heart . 
 as a result , linnette had quit her job , packed up her car and set out with no destination in mind . 
 she 'd ended up in a small town in north dakota called buffalo valley . 
 as a physician assistant she had a lot to offer the community , which had welcomed her with open arms . 
 last christmas , buffalo valley had remodeled an old house to use as a medical clinic and hired her to run it . 
 linnette was dating a farmer but corrie doubted the relationship was serious . 
 at least , that was the impression she had , based on meeting the young man briefly and on what linnette had to say . 
 in their previous conversation , corrie had asked about pete mason , and her daughter had quickly changed the subject . 
 she surmised that the relationship had n't developed and linnette was easing her way out . 
 `` gloria 's doing well ... i think , '' corrie said . 
 `` how does she like working with the sheriff 's office here ? '' 
 `` fine , as far as i know . '' 
 gloria had made the transfer from the bremerton police to cedar cove as soon as an opening became available . 
 she had only praise for sheriff troy davis and his department . 
 corrie was delighted that their oldest daughter had gone into police work . 
 roy 's career had been with the seattle police until he was forced into early retirement because of a back injury . 
 they arrived at the outlet center just before ten , and stopped for coffee and a muffin before tackling any serious shopping . 
 peggy described the rehearsals for the community theater 's new production . 
 bob had won the role of jacob in the andrew lloyd webber musical , joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat . 
 peggy , as usual , had volunteered to work on costumes . 
 `` i ran into olivia the other day , '' peggy said between bites of her bran-and-cranberry muffin . 
 `` she 's looking more like herself these days . '' 
 `` i 'm glad to hear it . '' 
 corrie had ordered the same muffin and felt it was nowhere near as good as the ones peggy baked . 
 `` olivia said she plans to return to work in september . '' 
 corrie smiled on hearing that . 
 the last time she 'd talked to olivia , the family-court judge was weighing her options and considering early retirement . 
 apparently olivia had made her decision . 
 `` oh , and i had lunch with faith beckwith last week , '' peggy said . 
 `` she 's busy making plans for the wedding . 
 you 'll never guess where troy wants to go for a honeymoon . '' 
 `` hawaii ? '' 
 `` no-alaska . 
 some lodge up near the arctic circle . 
 to fish . '' 
 corrie wrinkled her nose and laughed . 
 peggy dug the paint samples from the bottom of her purse and sorted them out . 
 then they went in search of bedspreads . 
 for some reason corrie did n't really understand , she found herself wandering through the baby section while peggy visited the bedding department . 
 maybe it was because of peggy 's earlier question about being a grandmother , but corrie could n't make herself leave . 
 holding up a tiny yellow sleeper , she felt a stirring deep inside . 
 `` i 'm buying this , '' she said to no one in particular . 
 then , almost immediately , she muttered , `` that 's ridiculous ! '' 
 she put it down again . 
 roy would think she 'd gone crazy , buying baby clothes when she did n't have the slightest idea when , or even if , she 'd become a grandmother . 
 she rejoined peggy and they discussed bedspread choices for the different rooms . 
 they went to three other stores , and peggy made purchases at each . 
 corrie helped carry the bulky packages to the car . 
 `` i think that about does it for me , '' peggy said . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` ah , i 'm finished . '' 
 corrie glanced over at the outlet where she 'd stumbled on the infant jumper . 
 `` you do n't look like you 're ready to go . '' 
 `` okay , this wo n't take long . '' 
 corrie rushed back to the store while peggy waited in the car . 
 she grabbed the yellow sleeper and two others , along with a set of receiving blankets . 
 before she could stop herself , she added more and more clothes , and blankets and toys to her load . 
 all the while she told herself this was crazy . 
 roy would laugh his head off , but she did n't care . 
 they managed to squash the bags in the backseat . 
 corrie did n't tell peggy what she 'd bought . 
 they resumed their easy camaraderie , discussing movies they 'd recently seen and books they 'd read and exchanging gossip of the unmalicious but still enjoyable variety . 
 `` thanks for coming with me . 
 i appreciated the company , '' peggy said , parking in front of 50 harbor to let corrie out . 
 `` anytime , '' corrie said . 
 `` it was fun . '' 
 she started to walk away when peggy called her back . 
 `` do n't forget your bags . '' 
 `` oh , yes ! '' 
 corrie had nearly left them behind . 
 roy , of course , was at the office , which was just as well . 
 she dreaded telling him the only purchase she 'd made was baby clothes-for a nonexistent baby . 
 even now , she was n't sure why she 'd done it . 
 guiltily , she shoved the packages in the spare-bedroom closet . 
 the phone rang as she entered the kitchen , and a quick glance at caller id told her it was linnette 's cell . 
 hearing from her daughter in the middle of the week , let alone the middle of the day , was highly unusual . 
 linnette was often so busy at the clinic that she did n't get home until six or seven at night . 
 thankfully buffalo valley had provided housing close by , so her daughter did n't have far to go when she finished at the end of the day . 
 `` hello , sweetheart , '' corrie greeted her cheerfully . 
 `` is the weather in north dakota as nice as it is here ? '' 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 linnette asked . 
 `` i tried earlier and no one was home . '' 
 `` shopping with peggy . 
 is everything all right ? 
 did you try your father at the office ? '' 
 `` i did n't want to talk to dad . 
 i wanted you . '' 
 corrie sat on the kitchen stool she kept near the phone . 
 `` i 'm here now . 
 what 's wrong , linnette ? '' 
 her question was met with silence . 
 `` i guess there is n't any easy way to say this . '' 
 `` say what ? '' 
 corrie tried to control the stomach-churning anxiety she immediately felt . 
 `` i should 've told you before and i did n't , and then the longer i put it off , the harder it got , and now ... now it 's going to come as a shock and i apologize . 
 please , please , do n't be mad at me . '' 
 inhaling deeply , corrie said , `` linnette , of course i wo n't be angry with you . 
 just tell me what 's wrong . '' 
 `` nothing 's wrong , mom . 
 in fact , this is really good . 
 at least , i think it is . '' 
 a tingling sensation went down corrie 's spine . 
 `` you 're pregnant , are n't you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the response was half laugh and half sob . 
 `` oh , my goodness ... '' corrie slid off the stool and stood upright . 
 excitement bolted through her-excitement followed by anxiety . 
 who was the father ? 
 would linnette , single and self-supporting , keep the baby ? 
 somehow corrie felt sure she would . 
 `` i must 've known . 
 somehow i must 've suspected . 
 i was shopping with peggy beldon and i had this irrepressible urge to buy baby clothes . '' 
 `` um , there 's more , '' linnette said . 
 `` you 're having twins , '' corrie blurted out . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm married . '' 
 `` married . '' 
 for some reason , this second shock hit her harder than the first . 
 `` to whom ? '' 
 `` pete , of course . '' 
 `` pete mason ? 
 the guy we met at christmas ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 pete had driven linnette home so she could visit her family for the holidays . 
 corrie had liked him , but had n't sensed that he and linnette were anywhere close to marriage . 
 `` do you love him ? '' 
 corrie 's biggest fear was that her daughter had married on the rebound . 
 `` oh , yes ... we got married when we were driving home . 
 we stopped in vegas on december twenty-ninth . 
 we did n't plan to get married . 
 i know it sounds insane , but we could only find one hotel room , and then pete said we should take it even if it just had one bed . 
 i joked that i was n't that kind of girl and he said , well , why do n't we get married , and i said , let 's do it , and we did . '' 
 linnette had n't paused for breath , and this all came out in a rush . 
 `` i think i must 've gotten pregnant that night . '' 
 corrie needed to sit down again . 
 looking at the calendar , although it hardly seemed necessary , she realized her daughter was five months along . 
 `` you mean you 've known all this time and did n't tell me ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 mom , i 'm sorry . 
 i wanted to say something but i was afraid you and dad would be upset with us , so like i said , i kept putting it off . '' 
 `` i 'm not upset . 
 i 'm thrilled ! '' 
 `` will you tell daddy for me ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 linnette hesitated . 
 `` do you think he 'll be mad ? '' 
 `` no , sweetheart , i think he 'll be overjoyed . 
 can i tell mack and gloria ? '' 
 `` oh , of course . 
 except ... mack already knows . '' 
 `` mack knows . '' 
 corrie found it hard to believe her children had been able to keep this secret-hard to believe and a little hurtful . 
 swallowing her disappointment , she asked , `` what about gloria ? '' 
 `` i have n't told her yet . 
 do you want to do it or should i ? '' 
 `` i will , '' corrie said . 
 it would be a good-and legitimate-reason to visit her . 
 linnette expelled her breath loudly . 
 `` i feel so much better , mom . 
 i ca n't tell you what a relief it is finally to let you know about pete ... and the baby . '' 
 they spoke for another ten or fifteen minutes , and by the time corrie hung up , any hurt or disappointment had disappeared . 
 she felt ... ecstatic . 
 okay , so she 'd hoped to arrange the perfect wedding for her daughter someday , but she reminded herself that the marriage was more important than the wedding . 
 she wondered if this baby would be a boy or a girl ; linnette had chosen not to know . 
 so ... yellow was the right color , at least for now . 
 caught up in her musings , she did some housework and prepared a special dinner of pork tenderloin and sauteed spinach , roy 's favorite meal . 
 `` hello , darling , '' she said when he walked into the house shortly after six . 
 she met him in the living room , and slipped her arms around his waist . 
 roy eyed her suspiciously . 
 `` okay , what did you buy ? 
 how much is it going to set us back ? '' 
 `` roy , '' she chided . 
 `` i spent less than two hundred dollars . '' 
 `` on what ? '' 
 `` baby clothes . '' 
 `` baby clothes ? '' 
 he repeated , his forehead creased . 
 `` yes , grandpa . 
 we 're going to have a baby in ... oh , late september . '' 
 `` we are ? '' 
 he looked as if he needed to sit down . 
 `` who 's having the baby ? '' 
 corrie started to laugh . 
 `` you 'll never guess . 
 linnette and pete , and before you say anything , they 're married . '' 
 eleven gloria ashton paced the small living room of her apartment as she waited for her dinner date . 
 she 'd gone out with the doctor only once before , nearly three years ago . 
 from her point of view , the evening had been a disaster . 
 afterward , chad had made numerous attempts to ask her out a second time , but gloria had declined repeatedly . 
 just thinking about that long-ago date made her cheeks burn with mortification . 
 she 'd spent the night with him . 
 one date , and she 'd fallen into bed without a single thought to the consequences . 
 she 'd never done that before or since and would never do it again . 
 such irrational , impulsive behavior went against everything gloria believed . 
 in her opinion , lovemaking should be reserved for committed couples . 
 all she could attribute her conduct to was the fact that she was lost , lonely and unsettled . 
 she 'd moved to washington state in search of her birth parents shortly after the death of the two people who 'd adopted , raised and loved her . 
 she was alone and vulnerable , and for reasons she still could n't fathom , she 'd lowered her natural reserve with this stranger . 
 afterward she 'd felt embarrassed and frankly humiliated by her own behavior , so she 'd refused to see him again . 
 then she 'd learned that chad intended to move away from cedar cove and she realized she did n't want him to go . 
 overwhelmed by unfamiliar emotions , she recognized that she did n't want to lose him but equally disturbing was her fear of what might happen if she allowed him back in her life . 
 before she could properly assess her feelings , she 'd accepted this date . 
 their second in three years . 
 in retrospect , she thought she understood why she 'd reacted to him the way she had that first night . 
 chad had been wonderful , listening to her , offering encouragement and support . 
 that time with him had been like finding a lifeboat after losing the safety of the ship . 
 she 'd told him everything , about the death of her parents , the search for her birth family , her doubt and anguish . 
 she 'd bared her soul to this man who was virtually a stranger . 
 the doorbell chimed . 
 gloria closed her eyes , took a deep breath and let chad into her apartment . 
 `` hi , '' he said with an easy grin . 
 he was casually but smartly dressed in a well-fitting beige sports jacket and a blue shirt that reflected the color of his eyes-deep blue with dark lashes . 
 gloria knew other women found him attractive , too . 
 but his appeal went far beyond his all-american good looks . 
 he exuded confidence and genuine charisma . 
 gloria managed a return smile . 
 `` hi . 
 would you like to come in for a few minutes ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he stepped inside the apartment and shrugged off his jacket , draping it over the sofa arm . 
 `` i 'm glad you agreed to dinner . '' 
 a thousand times since , she 'd wondered what had possessed her to say yes . 
 he frightened her , intrigued her and mystified her , all at once . 
 she 'd never wanted to see him again and yet she was convinced to the very marrow of her bones that if he walked out of her life , she 'd always regret letting him go . 
 her hands felt moist and she rubbed her palms against her thighs . 
 `` i 'm not going to bite , you know , '' chad said , grinning again . 
 she blinked . 
 `` do i look that tense ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he said with a chuckle . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 being a good hostess demanded that she ask him if he 'd like a drink first . 
 `` wine ? 
 i have both red and white . 
 the white 's from new zealand . 
 roy recommended it . '' 
 she could n't quite think of him-or refer to him-as her father . 
 `` that sounds nice . '' 
 gloria was grateful for something to do . 
 she made a beeline for the kitchen and got the bottle of sauvignon blanc from the fridge . 
 taking two glasses from the cupboard next to her sink , she deftly filled them and carried them into the living room . 
 chad , watching the view from her front window , turned as she approached . 
 gloria handed him a glass and squared her shoulders . 
 `` i 'd like to start over , if we could . '' 
 `` start over ? 
 you mean you want to forget our first date ? '' 
 she did n't blush often , but she did now . 
 lowering her gaze to the carpet , she nodded . 
 `` please . '' 
 holding his wineglass , chad turned back to the window that overlooked sinclair inlet . 
 `` i do n't know if i can . 
 i treasure that night . 
 i always will . '' 
 `` it wo n't be repeated , if that 's what you 're thinking . '' 
 he faced her again . 
 `` i do n't think it could be , '' he said softly . 
 `` i met the most incredibly warm , beautiful woman that night . '' 
 she was embarrassed by what he 'd said . 
 `` i 've never done anything like that in my life . '' 
 `` and i have ? '' 
 he countered . 
 `` i. . . 
 i would n't know . 
 i do n't know you . 
 we do n't know each other . '' 
 `` ah , but we do , '' he insisted . 
 `` you 're gloria ashton and you 're generous , loving , courageous - '' `` if i 'm so courageous , then why am i shaking like a leaf ? '' 
 she held out her hand so he could see how just being close to him made her tremble . 
 `` but you agreed to see me again . '' 
 `` i did n't feel i had a choice , '' she blurted out . 
 `` no , you did n't , '' he said . 
 `` and i had no choice but to keep asking you . 
 i fell in love with you that night , gloria . 
 why else would i stand up to the kind of rejection you constantly threw at me ? '' 
 `` you ca n't love me , '' she told him sharply . 
 these were the very words she 'd been afraid he 'd say . 
 `` you do n't even know me . '' 
 `` why are you fighting me so hard ? '' 
 he set his wineglass on the coffee table and moved to her side . 
 placing his hands on her shoulders , he stared down at her . 
 although it was difficult , she met his eyes . 
 `` okay , '' he finally said . 
 `` if you want to start again , we will . '' 
 he dropped his arms . 
 `` hello , my name is chad timmons . '' 
 he held out one hand in a gesture of mock solemnity . 
 `` gloria , '' she said . 
 her voice was breathless and quavery . 
 `` gloria ashton . '' 
 she briefly touched her hand to his , suppressing a shiver at the contact . 
 `` pleased to meet you . '' 
 `` likewise . 
 so ... we 're going out to dinner this evening , '' she murmured . 
 `` yes . '' 
 it all seemed a bit ridiculous , but she 'd asked for this . 
 `` good , '' she said in response . 
 she was able to offer him a small grateful smile . 
 `` are you ready to leave now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she took a quick sip of her wine , then brought both glasses back to the kitchen . 
 standing by the counter she closed her eyes , praying she could get through the evening without making an idiot of herself . 
 `` i made reservations at d.d. 's on the cove , '' chad said as he retrieved his jacket . 
 `` sounds good , '' she said , joining him again . 
 chad helped her on with her sweater . 
 gloria had fretted over what to wear ; she did n't want to appear too casual , nor did she want to overdress . 
 in the end she chose white linen pants , a sleeveless white top and a pink sweater with a rose pattern . 
 she locked her apartment and they walked to the restaurant . 
 `` i parked my car there earlier , '' he explained . 
 `` i thought after dinner we could go for a ride , if you 'd like . '' 
 `` sure . 
 that would be nice . '' 
 he reached for her hand and she let him take it . 
 his hold was gentle ; she could feel herself beginning to relax . 
 if they could start over , they might actually become friends-and then they could see if friendship led to anything else . 
 the dinner was everything she 'd hoped it would be-and feared . 
 once the awkwardness left her , they talked for two hours over succulent crab cakes and the same wine she 'd served at the apartment . 
 chad told her about his experiences at the clinic and she responded with stories from her years of police work . 
 `` i 'd accepted a position in the e.r. in tacoma , '' he said at one point . 
 `` were they upset when you changed your mind ? '' 
 if so , gloria would have to take the blame . 
 `` not too much . 
 they said if i ever wanted a job to let them know . '' 
 she looked into her wineglass and whispered , `` i 'm glad you stayed in cedar cove . '' 
 `` i am , too . '' 
 he added something gloria could n't quite make out . 
 it sounded like `` more than ever . '' 
 but she could n't be sure . 
 they finished their meal , ending with coffee , and strolled along the waterfront for a while . 
 warm from the bottle of wine they 'd shared and feeling more at ease than she 'd thought possible , gloria smiled over at chad . 
 `` i 'm really enjoying myself . '' 
 `` do n't act so surprised . '' 
 `` but i am surprised . 
 i did n't expect it to be like this . '' 
 chad rested one hand lightly on her shoulder . 
 `` i always knew it would be , '' he said . 
 gloria decided not to respond . 
 they walked in silence for another ten minutes , and then chad led her to his car , a sporty convertible . 
 he put the top down . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he said , `` i only had a glass and a half of wine . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 she asked once they were both seated inside . 
 `` where would you like to go ? '' 
 the answer that came automatically to mind was `` home . '' 
 she wanted her life to go back to the way it was when her parents were alive . 
 she wanted to go home to california , where she 'd been raised and everything felt familiar . 
 but that was n't possible . 
 her life there was over . 
 her parents were buried , her home sold . 
 everything she knew and loved was gone . 
 `` wherever you 'd like , '' she said , since he was waiting for an answer . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he put the car in gear and they headed down harbor street , then around the cove toward bremerton . 
 chad turned on a golden-oldies station and they sang along to classics from elvis to the rolling stones . 
 the car took the corners smoothly and soon gloria was laughing , closing her eyes in exhilaration and letting the wind tangle her hair . 
 `` i love the sound of your laughter , '' chad said as he pulled into a parking lot near the shipyard and shut off the engine . 
 gloria smiled when he reached for her hand . 
 `` i feel good , '' she whispered . 
 `` i do n't know why , either-unless it 's the wine . 
 and the music . '' 
 `` well , those things help , and so does my charming company , but i know what the big reason is . '' 
 curious , she looked at him . 
 `` you found your family , '' chad said . 
 `` my birth parents , '' she said . 
 the mcafees had made every effort to welcome her into their lives but it had n't really worked . 
 not for her . 
 she did n't fit . 
 much as she wanted to belong , she simply did n't . 
 it felt forced , like trying to break into a closed circle . 
 the desire was there on both sides , but it would take more than blood to create this bond . 
 `` you have a new family now , '' he added . 
 gloria did n't doubt that roy and corrie loved her . 
 she felt their love-and their regret . 
 she 'd been excited to learn she had a full sister and brother , but try as they might they had n't truly connected . 
 not like real siblings . 
 yes , they 'd become friends , but these were n't intimate friendships . 
 `` gloria ? '' 
 `` do i have a family ? '' 
 she asked , and was shocked when her voice cracked . 
 she so badly wanted to fit in with the mcafees and did n't . 
 could n't . 
 linnette tried to keep in touch but they were n't close , not the way gloria wanted . 
 only yesterday she 'd found out from corrie , who 'd come over to her apartment with the news , that linnette was married and having a baby . 
 gloria was the last one in this so-called family to hear of her sister 's marriage . 
 okay , so linnette had kept her wedding and pregnancy a secret from her parents , too , but mack knew . 
 linnette had n't told gloria , though . 
 to her acute embarrassment , tears gathered in her eyes . 
 `` gloria ? '' 
 `` linnette 's married , '' she whispered , and blinked furiously , embarrassed beyond words by this unexpected display of emotion . 
 chad frowned . 
 `` she married p-pete mason . '' 
 somehow gloria managed to choke out the words . 
 `` i 'm going to be ... '' she was about to say an aunt , when chad slipped his finger beneath her chin and turned her face toward him . 
 he was going to kiss her . 
 she started to tell him she did n't want his kiss when his mouth settled lightly on hers . 
 awareness ripped through her , and even as her brain screamed in protest she willingly surrendered her mouth to his . 
 winding her arms around his neck , gloria yielded to the comfort of his embrace . 
 she was n't sure how long they kissed . 
 they could n't seem to get enough of each other . 
 when chad broke away , he released a shuddering breath , then immediately started the car and drove out of the darkened lot . 
 gloria did n't know where they were going . 
 she did n't care . 
 closing her eyes , she leaned her head against the back of the seat and tried to understand what had just happened . 
 or , more accurately , what was about to happen . 
 they arrived at chad 's apartment near the medical facility . 
 he turned off the engine and looked straight ahead . 
 `` tell me to take you home , gloria . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her voice shook . 
 `` because if we go inside , we both know what 'll happen . '' 
 she did n't speak . 
 `` tell me , '' he insisted . 
 `` chad , i - '' she could n't do it . 
 with chad , every defense she 'd ever erected tumbled down as soon as he kissed her . 
 her resolve , her determination that this would n't be a repeat of their first date , flew out the proverbial window . 
 reaching over , she slipped her hand around his neck and brought his lips back to hers . 
 that kiss was like setting a match to a keg of dyn ** ite . 
 chad pulled away from her and got out of the car . 
 gloria did n't wait for him to come around and open her door . 
 she climbed out and was in his arms again within seconds . 
 they kissed continually on the way to his apartment . 
 he fumbled with the keys . 
 she did n't make it any easier , nibbling on his ear as he attempted to unlock his door . 
 once inside he did n't turn on the lights . 
 gloria was glad . 
 she removed her sweater , hardly able to get it off fast enough ; her top and her bra followed . 
 with the same sense of urgency , chad threw off his clothes and led her into the bedroom . 
 entwined , they fell onto the bed without bothering to pull back the sheets . 
 they made love once , drifted off to sleep , and then again when they woke in the middle of the night . 
 afterward , he cuddled her spoon-fashion , wrapping the sheet and blanket around her shoulders , placing his arm around her waist . 
 gloria woke up at five that morning , feeling sick to her stomach . 
 they 'd done it again . 
 she 'd spilled her guts to a man she barely knew , revealed her disappointment after finding her family . 
 even now , she could n't figure out what it was about this man that made her forget every scrap of common sense she 'd ever possessed . 
 chad snored softly close to her ear . 
 taking care not to wake him , gloria slid out of bed . 
 her clothes were scattered across three rooms . 
 she collected everything in the dark and quietly dressed . 
 she left chad a note and propped it against his coffeepot , then tiptoed silently out of his apartment and walked back to her own . 
 the early-morning chill seeped into her bones . 
 this would n't happen again . 
 it could n't . 
 they 'd been in such a hurry , so hot for each other , they had n't even taken time to use birth control . 
 they 'd behaved with complete irresponsibility . 
 not once , but twice . 
 they were a doctor and a cop-two people who certainly knew better . 
 her face burned . 
 chad had some mystifying , incomprehensible hold on her that stripped away all logic , all reason . 
 it was this quality of his that frightened her-his ability to leave her powerless , vulnerable . 
 she 'd never experienced anything like it with another man . 
 not that she did n't blame herself just as much for ceding control to him . 
 when she talked to high school girls , did n't she tell them that was exactly what they should n't do ? 
 some role model she was ! 
 she 'd put herself in a situation she could n't handle , one she knew she could n't handle . 
 the only option , the only way to make sure this would n't be repeated , was to tell chad she never wanted to see him again . 
 she 'd written a note that made it clear once and for all . 
 twelve mary jo had dinner in the oven when she heard mack 's truck pull into their shared driveway . 
 despite everything , her heart beat a little faster but she tried to ignore the way he made her feel . 
 falling in love could be dangerous , as she well knew , and she refused to put noelle and herself at risk again . 
 as much as possible , she ruthlessly shoved aside every bit of tenderness she felt for mack . 
 he made that difficult , however , and she 'd started to weaken ... as he climbed out , she opened her front door and stood on the small porch . 
 `` hi , '' she called . 
 she could n't forget the kiss they 'd exchanged when he 'd found joan 's diary . 
 she tried not to think about it and yet it popped into her mind at the most inopportune times . 
 like now ... `` hi . '' 
 mack walked over to where she stood . 
 `` something smells good , '' he said , attempting to look around her and into the kitchen . 
 `` is that a hint ? '' 
 she asked , raising her eyebrows . 
 `` could be . 
 what 's cookin ' ? '' 
 `` i call it reuben casserole . 
 linc had me make it at least every other week . '' 
 `` what 's in it ? '' 
 `` sauerkraut and corned beef . '' 
 `` sauerkraut . '' 
 mack wrinkled his nose in distaste . 
 `` you do n't like sauerkraut ? '' 
 `` not particularly , but if this is linc 's favorite , then i 'd be willing to give it a try . '' 
 his gaze held hers , and mary jo had the impression that even if she 'd baked rocks he would 've been happy to come for dinner . 
 the thought made her feel light-headed . 
 they 'd kissed before , plenty of times . 
 but the night he 'd discovered the diary it 'd been different , more intense ... deeper . 
 it was as though the barriers between them had vanished . 
 together they 'd found a missing piece of the puzzle that intrigued them both . 
 and perhaps a missing part of their puzzle , as well , a connecting piece that brought them together . 
 `` you 're welcome to join us , '' mary jo said , and had to admit she hoped he would . 
 `` i 'll go clean up and be back in ten minutes , '' he said . 
 mary jo watched him walk into his own place and then turned to look at her daughter , who sat in her baby seat , chewing on her tiny fist . 
 noelle was teething , which made her irritable and a bit feverish . 
 `` mack 's coming for dinner , '' she announced giddily . 
 she 'd fed noelle earlier and the baby had fussed , not really interested . 
 mary jo did n't blame her . 
 the previous sunday , mack and mary jo had gone to the movies . 
 it 'd felt more like a real date than the other times they 'd gone places together , perhaps because they were on their own , without noelle to consider . 
 their relationship still seemed casual but was quickly gaining momentum . 
 noelle had stayed with roy and corrie ; corrie said she 'd loved having her and seemed to mean it . 
 mary jo had set the table and placed the casserole in the middle , together with a green salad and fresh bread , by the time mack returned . 
 `` dinner looks great , '' he said , eyeing it appreciatively as they sat down . 
 she dished up the casserole and passed him the salad . 
 `` i 've been reading joan 's diary whenever i have a chance , '' she said . 
 actually , she 'd done little else during her free time since they 'd found the book . 
 she 'd started with january 1 , 1944 , getting to know the intimate thoughts of this woman who 'd become so important to her . 
 `` anything interesting so far ? '' 
 `` it 's all interesting . 
 she refers a lot to how she did n't get along with her sister . 
 apparently elaine wanted her to date marvin 's brother earl . '' 
 `` and marvin is ? '' 
 `` oh , that 's elaine 's husband . '' 
 `` was earl in the service ? '' 
 mary jo shrugged . 
 `` she does n't say . 
 it 's sort of hard to follow because each entry is only three or four lines . 
 joan writes in this shorthand way . 
 ` busy today , ' ` no letter from jacob , ' that kind of thing . '' 
 `` can i see the diary when we 're finished eating ? '' 
 `` oh , sure . '' 
 they continued their meal , with noelle-finally content-in her baby seat . 
 mack had obviously changed his views on sauerkraut , since he had two helpings . 
 they cleared the table and mary jo made coffee , then retrieved the journal from her room . 
 the night before , she 'd read until the words had started to blur . 
 `` did you get to june 6 , 1944 ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , just to the first part of may . '' 
 perhaps because she was afraid of what she might learn or because she was so involved in joan 's day-to-day life , mary jo had n't skipped ahead . 
 `` i wonder if she mentions d-day , '' he said , opening the clasp and flipping through the pages . '' 
 ` june 6 , 1944 . 
 did my washing . 
 no mail from jacob . 
 worked hard all day on troop transports . ' '' 
 `` troop transports ? 
 what does that mean ? '' 
 mary jo asked . 
 mack shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` what about june 7 ? '' 
 she asked , resisting the urge to read over his shoulder . 
 mack turned the page . '' 
 ` no mail from jacob . 
 my heart is broken . 
 had to tack on 3 . 
 got some 200 w lightbulbs . 
 wrote letters and emb . ' '' 
 he looked up . 
 `` i see what you mean about the shorthand . 
 i wonder why she 's talking about lightbulbs . '' 
 `` they were probably being rationed . '' 
 mary jo had only recently learned about ration books . 
 `` did you know it was because of rations that the recipe for red velvet cake was developed ? '' 
 mack looked up from the diary and stared at her blankly . 
 `` red velvet cake ? 
 what 's that ? '' 
 `` it 's my brother ned 's favorite . 
 i bake it for his birthday every year with cream-cheese frosting . '' 
 `` what makes it red ? 
 strawberries ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she took a sip of her coffee . 
 `` i 've been reading about domestic life during the war . 
 you 're not the only one with a library card , '' she told him primly . 
 `` i checked out a couple of history books , but they were n't about battles . '' 
 she set down her cup . 
 `` like i said , they focused more on the home front and how families coped with their men being away , women working in large numbers , rationing . 
 stuff like that . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` cocoa 's one thing that was rationed . '' 
 `` cocoa , '' mack repeated . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so there was a scarcity of cocoa , and women could n't make chocolate cakes . 
 oh , and sugar was rationed , too . '' 
 `` which means ... '' he gestured with his hand , urging her to continue . 
 `` which means , '' she said , thinking it should be obvious , `` that women came up with the idea of substituting red food coloring for chocolate . 
 you mean to say you 've never had red velvet cake ? '' 
 `` ca n't say i have . '' 
 `` i 'll bake you one . '' 
 `` will i have to share it with your brother ? '' 
 he teased . 
 `` probably . '' 
 he smiled and she smiled back , and for a moment they seemed to be lost in each other . 
 mary jo looked away first , but her entire body remained aware of the man sitting across from her . 
 mack returned to the diary . 
 `` june 8 , 1944 , says , ` jacob , oh , jacob , why do n't you write . 
 i 'm losing my mind . ' '' 
 a sick feeling assailed mary jo 's stomach . 
 `` what about june 9 ? '' 
 mack turned the page , silently read the entry , then glanced up . '' ' 
 i scrubbed the house . 
 no letter from jacob . 
 i 'm so afraid ... ' '' `` keep reading , '' mary jo whispered . 
 she had to know , and yet , at the same time , she did n't think she could bear it if this man had died . 
 `` for june 10 and 11 , 1944 , all it says is , ` no letter . ' '' 
 he flipped over the page . 
 `` what about june 12 ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` where does it pick up again ? '' 
 mack started flipping pages again and then set the diary aside . 
 `` the rest of the book is blank , '' he said . 
 `` she wrote nothing more ? '' 
 mary jo murmured . 
 `` he died , then . 
 jacob must 've been killed on d-day . '' 
 `` we do n't know that for sure . 
 maybe we can access military records . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 or what about looking for elaine manry ? '' 
 she suggested . 
 they might not find joan , but they might be able to locate her sister . 
 `` did she mention elaine 's married name ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 mary jo exhaled in frustration . 
 `` no , but then there would n't be any reason to in her journal , would there ? '' 
 she knew she was overreacting , but she could n't help it . 
 after reading jacob 's beautiful love letters and joan 's diary so full of longing and angst , she 'd come to care deeply about these people . 
 they were n't just names on a page ; they were real people who 'd lived through a hellish time . 
 `` i. . . 
 i have to believe jacob was killed , '' she murmured , hardly able to say the words aloud . 
 `` it makes sense that if joan did n't hear anything after june 6 , 1944 , something happened to him . 
 why else would she leave the pages blank ? '' 
 `` i still do n't think we should make that assumption , '' mack said . 
 `` jacob was a paratrooper , '' she went on . 
 mack nodded . 
 `` the airborne units suffered tremendous losses . '' 
 she 'd read about troops who parachuted behind enemy lines . 
 one entire unit was mowed down when they landed in a town swarming with german troops . 
 the thought of jacob 's death felt like a personal loss . 
 `` true , but - '' `` i think i made the right assumption , '' she said , close to tears . 
 that was why she had n't read ahead in the diary . 
 because she knew . 
 deep down , she knew . 
 this must be why joan had hidden his love letters . 
 it was too painful for her to see them . 
 `` we 're just guessing here , '' mack reminded her . 
 `` but how can we find out ? '' 
 she asked . 
 mack looked perplexed . 
 `` i do n't know , but i 'll work on it . '' 
 `` maybe there 's a record of all the men buried in france . '' 
 mary jo had seen pictures of acre upon acre of white crosses on the rolling hills of normandy . 
 if jacob had died in france , there was a good chance he 'd been buried there . 
 `` i 'll try to get that information , '' mack said . 
 `` we might also discover he 's not there . '' 
 he seemed so optimistic , so eager to believe jacob had survived the invasion . 
 `` he might 've been wounded , '' mary jo said . 
 `` yeah . 
 we wondered about that earlier , remember ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` communication took a long time , so it could 've been weeks before joan learned what had happened to him . '' 
 `` exactly , '' mack said . 
 she nodded , but the possibility that jacob had never come back from the war was still very real to her . 
 noelle began to cry , and before mary jo could reach for her , mack stood and took her out of the infant seat . 
 `` she 's teething , '' mary jo said . 
 `` that 's why she 's been fussing lately . 
 plus it 's seven-thirty-time for bed . '' 
 mack rocked noelle in his arms and soon the baby girl was smiling , drool dripping off her chin and onto her pink sleeper . 
 `` i should get her into her crib , '' she said , feeling slightly guilty that she 'd ignored her daughter this long , caught up in the drama of world war ii . 
 `` i 'll take care of the dishes , '' he told her . 
 they 'd piled everything in the sink and on the counters . 
 getting her brothers to help in the kitchen had always been a struggle , although they paid lip service to the concept of doing their share . 
 mack 's volunteering was a pleasant surprise . 
 `` you do n't need to do that , '' she said . 
 `` sure i do . 
 my mom said if she cooked , she should n't have to do the dishes . 
 dad agreed , so linnette and i had kitchen duty every night . '' 
 he grinned wickedly . 
 `` then linnette and i left home , and mom pointed out that the dishes had now become my dad 's responsibility . '' 
 `` does he do them ? '' 
 `` every night , '' mack said . 
 `` in fact , i think he and mom have fun doing them together . 
 i 've caught them more than once dancing to old rock 'n' roll tunes . '' 
 mary jo smiled . 
 `` do you want me to put on some music ? '' 
 mack smiled back . 
 `` maybe later . '' 
 by the time she 'd finished getting noelle changed and ready for bed , mack had cleaned up the kitchen . 
 he turned on the television to the nightly news , keeping the volume low , while she fed noelle . 
 then he sat down next to her and , after a moment , put his arm around her shoulders . 
 mary jo felt the warmth of his affection and she was convinced noelle did , as well . 
 her daughter fell asleep in her arms and mary jo was far too comfortable to move . 
 she rested her head against mack and sighed deeply . 
 `` i so badly want jacob to have survived the war , '' she whispered . 
 mack kissed the top of her head . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 they sat there , quietly watching television for the next hour . 
 when he left , mary jo settled noelle carefully in her crib . 
 she almost did n't hear the gentle tap on her front door ten minutes later . 
 when she opened it , mack stood on the other side , the look on his face exultant . 
 `` i went online as soon as i got home . '' 
 mary jo 's heart leaped . 
 `` jacob dennison made it ? '' 
 `` i ca n't say for sure , but i do know he did n't die in france . 
 his name is n't on the list of americans buried there . '' 
 `` then maybe he was injured , after all , and sent stateside , '' mary jo said . 
 that , too , might explain why joan had ceased writing immediately after the normandy invasion . 
 somehow , mary jo conjectured , she 'd made her way to the hospital where jacob was sent . 
 she 'd left everything behind and did n't want her sister finding her diary . 
 then , after jacob had healed , they 'd gotten married and joan had never gone back to retrieve her diary and the letters . 
 mary jo felt giddy with relief . 
 `` there , '' mack said . 
 `` are n't you happy ? '' 
 `` i 'm ecstatic ! '' 
 `` the last time you were this happy it was because i found the diary-and you kissed me . '' 
 mary jo laughed at his broad hint , then leaned forward and threw her arms around his neck . 
 `` that 's more like it , '' mack said just before he lowered his mouth to hers . 
 thirteen roy mcafee glanced up from his computer screen as corrie let herself into his office , closing the door behind her . 
 `` leonard bellamy is here to see you , '' she said , frowning . 
 roy looked at his desk calendar . 
 `` he does n't have an appointment , '' corrie said , confirming roy 's assumption . 
 `` he asked to see you right away . '' 
 the last two words were stated with more than a hint of disapproval . 
 roy already knew his wife was n't impressed with bellamy . 
 his family , probably the wealthiest in the area , owned half of downtown bremerton and several large properties on bainbridge island . 
 roy knew they had several holdings in cedar cove , as well . 
 he 'd done work for the man before , mostly background checks on potential hires . 
 `` i can see him . '' 
 roy was admittedly curious-it was n't every day leonard bellamy stopped by for a chat . 
 `` he did n't make an appointment , '' corrie reminded him . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 i 'm available , '' roy said . 
 corrie was well aware that not everyone scheduled appointments with him ; he always had a certain number of walk-ins . 
 he was n't going to hold that against bellamy , even if his wife did . 
 leonard bellamy paid his bills promptly . 
 the last case roy had worked on for bellamy had concerned an employee who 'd filed for workers ' compensation , claiming that due to a serious back injury , he was unable to continue in his current position . 
 having suffered from back ailments himself , roy was in full sympathy with the employee-until he caught him training to climb mount rainier hefting a fifty-pound knapsack . 
 leonard had paid roy a handsome bonus at the end of that investigation . 
 `` he comes in without an appointment and just assumes you 'll see him because he 's the great and mighty leonard bellamy , '' corrie muttered . 
 `` in my opinion , he 's arrogant and demanding and a jerk . '' 
 `` show him in , corrie , '' roy said pointedly . 
 `` i will , but i do n't like him taking advantage of you . '' 
 he did n't bother to defend bellamy , since corrie 's dislike of him made her unwilling to listen . 
 a minute later she escorted leonard bellamy into roy 's office . 
 roy stood and the two men exchanged perfunctory handshakes . 
 `` good morning , '' roy said , and waited until the other man had taken the upholstered chair across from him before sitting down again . 
 `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he was a busy man and so was bellamy . 
 they did n't need to waste time with further chitchat . 
 `` i believe you 've met my daughter , lori . '' 
 roy was n't sure he had . 
 `` i 'm afraid i do n't recall . '' 
 `` but you know i have two daughters , correct ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 and a son . 
 older than the girls . 
 both robert and denise worked with their father . 
 `` you may remember that lori was engaged to ... to that felon geoff duncan . '' 
 roy knew the duncan case well . 
 geoff had worked for attorney allan harris as his legal assistant . 
 harris had been handling martha evans 's estate when several pieces of expensive jewelry went missing . 
 all the evidence suggested that dave flemming , a local pastor , had been responsible for the theft . 
 sheriff troy davis and roy had solved the case together . 
 in a systematic search of pawnshops , roy had come across one where geoff had left a piece of the jewelry . 
 geoff had accepted a plea bargain and was now serving a prison sentence . 
 `` i do remember that duncan was engaged at the time , '' roy said . 
 bellamy sighed loudly . 
 `` i swear that girl does n't have the sense god gave a duck . 
 you 'd think she 'd have better judgment , but geoff managed to convince her that he was madly in love with her and the two of them were meant to be together . 
 i had my suspicions the minute we met . 
 the man was a con artist of the first order . 
 he did n't love lori . 
 it was blatantly obvious he was after her money . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i have to admit he grew on me after a while-that con-artist-charmer type , you know . 
 but i should 've gone with my gut instinct . '' 
 roy did n't respond , although he had his own opinion on the matter . 
 he 'd seen geoff duncan as an unfortunate case . 
 the young man had gotten in over his head financially , trying to impress the bellamys , and when his money situation became precarious , he 'd stolen the jewelry . 
 roy did n't believe geoff duncan was a career criminal-just irresponsible and desperate to make a good impression on his fiancee and future in-laws . 
 his plan had backfired , and the man seemed genuinely repentant when confronted with the truth . 
 `` i hate to say this , but my daughter is n't the brightest girl you could hope to meet . '' 
 bellamy sat back in the chair and crossed his legs . 
 `` i 'm afraid she 's jumped directly from the frying pan into the fire with this latest stunt of hers . '' 
 roy had perfected his poker face years ago and was able to conceal his aversion to the way bellamy spoke about his daughter . 
 `` how do you mean ? '' 
 he asked in a mild voice . 
 the question was ignored . 
 `` did i mention she works at a dress shop ? 
 my daughter in a dress shop . 
 three years of college and she drops out because she 's got some fantasy about becoming a designer . 
 this friend of my wife 's owns a dress shop and hired her . 
 if lori wanted to quit school and find a job , i could 've given her one . 
 when i offered , you know what she said ? '' 
 roy was n't allowed to answer . '' 
 ` no , thank you , daddy , ' '' he said in a falsetto voice . '' 
 ` i 'd rather work with brenda . ' '' 
 he closed his eyes , apparently overcome with frustration . 
 `` you want me to check out her employer ? '' 
 roy asked , figuring this must be what he had in mind . 
 `` no , '' he barked , then cast roy an apologetic look . 
 `` i 'm afraid lori 's done something to top all the other foolish decisions she 's made in the past few years . '' 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 roy asked . 
 bellamy clenched his hands until his knuckles went white . 
 `` she married a man she barely knows . '' 
 `` i see , '' roy said thoughtfully . 
 `` from what i understand , she met this man and married him within a month . 
 perhaps less . 
 i do n't know if my wife got the story straight . 
 as you can imagine , kate was more than a little upset . '' 
 he blew out a sigh , and his shoulders slumped . 
 `` naturally lori tried to keep it a secret from us . 
 if it had n't been for the fact that kate 's friend brenda-the one who owns the shop-let it slip , heaven knows how long it would 've taken us to find out . 
 when i talked to lori after kate told me , the girl did n't bother to deny it . 
 she admitted she 'd married this man-as if getting married is something you do on a whim . 
 my wife was mortified that a friend had to be the one to tell her our daughter has a husband . '' 
 roy could empathize with their shock . 
 knowing what he did about the family , roy suspected the bellamys would have expected to throw a huge wedding . 
 not only had she eloped , but she 'd deprived them of putting on the event of the year . 
 `` you can imagine how upset kate is about this , '' he said again . 
 `` you obviously are , too , '' roy murmured . 
 `` can you blame me ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 roy did understand his feelings-to a degree-because he 'd experienced something similar . 
 linnette had recently surprised him and corrie with her news . 
 marrying pete mason without a word to family until the deed was done had been a shock to them , too . 
 however , they 'd met and liked pete . 
 roy considered himself a good judge of character , and he trusted the man . 
 pete was a decent , hardworking farmer , and their daughter loved him . 
 the fact that linnette was about to make them grandparents only sweetened the deal . 
 `` it gives me no pleasure to come to you with this , '' leonard continued . 
 `` i want you to find out whatever you can about this man who manipulated my daughter into marriage . '' 
 `` i can do a background search for you . '' 
 `` dig up everything there is , '' he said , his face growing red . 
 `` this man is a parasite . 
 i can feel it . '' 
 `` do you have his name ? '' 
 `` oh , yes , and that 's another thing . 
 lori 's taken his name . 
 she 's no longer lori bellamy but lori wyse . 
 not even bellamy-wyse . '' 
 `` wyse ? '' 
 roy repeated slowly . 
 `` yes , like wise guy . '' 
 bellamy smirked as he said it . 
 `` any relation to mary jo wyse ? '' 
 bellamy stared across the desk at him . 
 `` do n't know who that is . 
 why ? '' 
 roy picked up his pen and rolled it between his palms . 
 `` my son , mack , is dating mary jo wyse . 
 she lives on the other side of his duplex . 
 i seem to remember mack mentioning that her brother 's moved into town . '' 
 `` you 've met this linc wyse ? '' 
 roy shook his head . 
 `` no , but i 've met mary jo a number of times . '' 
 `` well , lori married lincoln wyse . 
 linc , for short . '' 
 he seemed to wait for roy to respond . 
 `` they might be related , which means it could be a conflict of interest for me to take this case . '' 
 `` are you saying you ca n't be objective ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm saying i know a relative or someone who might be a relative . 
 i 'd want you to be aware of that up front . 
 not telling you would be a breach of ethics . '' 
 `` okay , i know it . 
 now find the dirt on this man . '' 
 `` dirt ? '' 
 `` he 's a money-grubbing thief , hoping to swindle my idiot daughter out of every penny she 's due to inherit . '' 
 he scowled . 
 `` fact is , i 'm tempted to cut her out of my will . 
 then we 'll see how long this so-called marriage lasts . 
 it would serve her right , too . 
 when can you start ? '' 
 roy hesitated . 
 `` will you take the case or not ? '' 
 bellamy demanded . 
 `` i 'll be happy to investigate lincoln wyse , '' roy said after a moment , `` but with your full understanding that this man could very well be related to the woman my son is dating . '' 
 `` i already said i do n't care . '' 
 bellamy waved off his concern . 
 `` how soon could you get me the information ? '' 
 `` how soon do you want it ? '' 
 roy asked . 
 `` yesterday . 
 i want this man out of my daughter 's life before she does something even more foolish and gets pregnant . 
 i swear she 's determined to age her mother and me before our time . 
 if it is n't one thing with lori , it 's another . 
 the girl seems to do nothing but embarrass us . 
 first it was duncan and now she marries a stranger . '' 
 `` she does seem to have an impulsive nature , '' roy said carefully , still somewhat perturbed by the man 's contempt for his daughter . 
 bellamy stood and again they exchanged handshakes . 
 `` i 'll wait to hear from you , then . '' 
 `` i 'll be in touch in a few weeks . '' 
 the other man held his look . 
 `` do n't spare the truth . 
 i want it all , understand ? '' 
 `` i 'll make sure i do a thorough search , '' roy promised . 
 `` good . '' 
 with that , bellamy was out the door , seemingly eager to escape . 
 no sooner had he left the office than corrie got up from her desk . 
 `` what did he want this time ? '' 
 she asked , her eyes narrow with suspicion . 
 she stood in his doorway , her arms folded . 
 okay , the guy was arrogant and demanding , but he was n't the first client who 'd behaved that way . 
 roy did n't know why his wife found bellamy so objectionable . 
 `` he wants me to do a background check on someone . '' 
 corrie made a snorting sound . 
 `` i realize you do n't like him . '' 
 `` i have a bad feeling about him , '' she said . 
 `` a bad vibe , as we used to say . '' 
 she looked at him earnestly . 
 `` you 've always been particular about the cases you accept . 
 even when i do n't like one of our clients , i 've never expressed my opinion . '' 
 roy cocked his eyebrows . 
 `` fine . 
 maybe i have ... occasionally . 
 bellamy pays his bills on time , which is good , but if it were up to me-and i know it is n't - i 'd steer clear of him . '' 
 `` apparently his daughter eloped a few weeks ago and he 's afraid the young man married lori for her money . '' 
 roy stood and walked over to his wife 's side . 
 `` lori married lincoln wyse . 
 i think he might be mary jo 's brother . '' 
 frowning , corrie met his eyes . 
 `` he is . '' 
 `` i told bellamy that was possible and i said it might cause a conflict of interest , but he did n't care . 
 he wants me for the job . '' 
 `` i 've met lori and linc , '' she said , her frown deepening . 
 `` they 're a sweet couple . 
 i refuse to believe linc married her because she 's related to leonard bellamy . '' 
 `` i 'll find out soon enough , '' roy said . 
 corrie returned to the front office and roy sat down at his desk again . 
 he was logging on to his computer to begin the search when corrie came back . 
 `` i still do n't think you should take this case . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 he said , leaning back in his chair . 
 he linked his fingers behind his head and regarded his wife . 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 corrie seemed flustered . 
 `` he ... he wants you to dig up something damaging . 
 if you do n't , he 'll believe you did n't do your job . '' 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 `` is n't it obvious ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 actually , it was . 
 roy suspected bellamy was hoping roy would come up with a divorce or two or perhaps a bankruptcy , just to prove to his daughter how wrong she was . 
 `` i told him i 'd take the job , '' roy said , and he was a man of his word . 
 `` then untell him . '' 
 `` i ca n't do that . '' 
 if he accepted a job , then he intended to follow through-and he 'd conduct his investigation with integrity . 
 at the same time , he 'd never seen his wife this adamant about a case . 
 `` i had a feeling you were going to say that , '' corrie said with a deep sigh of resignation . 
 `` i hope you do n't regret this . '' 
 roy waited until she 'd left the office and closed the door . 
 when he was fairly sure she was n't listening , he reached for his phone and dialed his son 's cell . 
 `` hi , dad . '' 
 call display was a marvelous thing , roy mused . 
 `` hi , mack . '' 
 `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 roy got right to the point . 
 `` what do you know about linc wyse ? '' 
 `` linc wyse , '' mack repeated . 
 `` mary jo 's brother ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` salt of the earth . 
 honest as the day is long . 
 and other assorted cliches . 
 he 's a good guy . '' 
 `` he 's married to lori bellamy ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` does he love her ? '' 
 `` he married her , did n't he ? '' 
 roy smiled . 
 `` men marry for reasons other than love . '' 
 `` not linc . 
 he 's not like that . '' 
 mack spoke with certainty . 
 `` you did n't say why you 're asking . '' 
 `` you 're right , i did n't . '' 
 he rarely approached family with business matters but he felt mack 's judgment about people was reliable . 
 `` thanks . 
 you told me what i needed to know . '' 
 `` that 's all you wanted ? '' 
 `` that 's it , '' roy answered . 
 `` thanks for your help . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 as roy disconnected , he grinned . 
 he 'd look into linc wyse 's background , but he doubted he 'd find anything that would satisfy leonard bellamy 's hunger for negative information . 
 roy acknowledged he 'd derive some pleasure from that when he made his report . 
 fourteen after three straight days of rain , the sun broke out shortly after noon on saturday . 
 mary jo was more than ready to leave the duplex for a while . 
 noelle had been irritable all morning and a distraction would be good for both of them . 
 despite the overcast skies and drizzle earlier in the day , mack had been working outside , wearing rubber boots . 
 he 'd weeded the garden and was now erecting a fence around the backyard . 
 he 'd also promised to put up a swing for noelle , which he planned to do . 
 there was a chance of rain , so mack had suggested they drive down to the farmer 's market and include a stop at the library . 
 immediately after lunchtime , she bundled up noelle and they set off , again taking her car . 
 when they 'd parked in the free lot next to the library , mary jo got noelle from the backseat while mack set up the stroller . 
 the baby gurgled happily when mary jo fastened her inside . 
 her little girl was growing so quickly . 
 already noelle was sitting up on her own , and it would n't be long before she started crawling . 
 they returned their library books , then walked over to the market , chatting about joan and jacob and the letters . 
 `` there 's grace and olivia . 
 at that booth with all the soap . '' 
 mary jo caught their attention and waved . 
 the two women immediately came toward them . 
 grace carried a small bag from the soap people and as they drew closer mary jo could smell the distinctive scent of lavender . 
 `` do n't tell me that 's noelle , '' olivia said , leaning over to get a better look at the baby . 
 `` oh , my , she has two little teeth . '' 
 after the months of chemo , olivia 's hair had grown back in short , bouncy curls all over her head . 
 mary jo was n't sure what the color or texture had been before but it was silver now , and mary jo thought it was beautiful . 
 she had n't met olivia until last december , when she was in the middle of her fight with cancer . 
 she 'd been so thin and pale . 
 so fragile . 
 she was a different woman now , still thin but healthy and vibrant . 
 `` we 're off to shop , '' grace told them after they 'd visited for a few minutes . 
 `` have fun , you two , '' mack said as he steered mary jo toward the market . 
 mary jo purchased two pounds of fresh clams and invited mack to share in her feast that night . 
 he bought a crusty loaf of french bread from the local bakery and salad makings , plus a bottle of white wine to complement their meal . 
 she told him that soon they 'd have produce from their garden-lettuce and peppers and beans . 
 `` our garden , '' mary jo said again . 
 mack had done all the hard work , tilling the ground and preparing the soil . 
 true , she 'd done the planting , but they 'd both contributed to the weeding and watering . 
 from the beginning they 'd agreed to share the bounty . 
 `` well , sure , it 's our garden , '' mack said , sounding surprised . 
 `` and i 've enjoyed working in it as much as i 'm going to enjoy eating all that good stuff . '' 
 a man who liked gardening . 
 that seemed to her a very positive thing . 
 it showed how nurturing and patient he was , how generous . 
 she did n't want to fall in love with him and yet it was almost impossible not to ... out of the corner of her eye , mary jo noticed her brother and his wife . 
 she was about to mention it when she saw linc place his arm around lori . 
 marriage had changed her oldest brother . 
 mary jo became aware of the subtleties it had brought into his life-or , perhaps , revealed in his personality-every time she saw him . 
 for years linc had been on his guard , looking after his family . 
 he 'd taken on the responsibilities of a parent , constantly worrying about his siblings , trying to protect them . 
 he had n't liked it when mary jo had moved to cedar cove , but her decision had been a turning point for him , as well . 
 she 'd made a mess of things by trusting david rhodes . 
 naively , she 'd believed he loved her , because it was what he 'd said and what she wanted to believe . 
 all his lies and false promises had left her pregnant and alone . 
 in giving herself to david , she 'd rebelled against the control linc had over her . 
 her pregnancy had complicated everything-and yet it was the beginning of a new order in the wyse family . 
 she 'd moved to cedar cove and , as an indirect result of that , linc had met lori . 
 over the past few months mary jo 's relationship with her brother had begun to change . 
 he became her brother for the first time since they 'd lost their parents . 
 her brother and not a surrogate father . 
 `` is n't that linc and lori ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 mary jo nodded . 
 the differences in linc were apparent in more than just his attitude . 
 he seemed at ease with himself and the world . 
 he behaved like a carefree young man , and she realized how much he 'd been robbed of after their loss . 
 selfishly , all mary jo had thought about were her own feelings , not his . 
 she regretted her adolescent rebelliousness , recognizing that , without ever intending to , she 'd made his life harder . 
 they met and chatted for a few minutes , making tentative dinner plans for later in the week . 
 then mack and mary jo resumed walking through the market . 
 mack purchased a couple of quilted bibs for noelle , who seemed to constantly drool now that her teeth were coming in . 
 mary jo tied a pink one around her neck right away . 
 around three o'clock , the market started to wind down . 
 mack suggested they continue their stroll along the waterfront . 
 the afternoon was so bright and sunny that mary jo eagerly agreed . 
 noelle had fallen asleep , and mary jo felt relaxed , contented in the sunshine and mack 's presence . 
 the seattle ferry had just pulled into the bremerton dock and seagulls circled overhead . 
 the scent of the tide going out filled her nostrils . 
 pushing the stroller with one hand , mack clasped her hand with the other . 
 they did n't speak . 
 the simple pleasure of walking by the water , all her senses engaged-being with mack-made her happier than she 'd been in a long time . 
 she was about to tell mack exactly that when a familiar voice spoke behind them . 
 `` well , is n't this a cozy picture . '' 
 mary jo 's blood turned to ice . 
 david rhodes . 
 at the sound of david 's voice , mack whirled around . 
 instinctively mary jo moved closer to him . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 mack demanded . 
 `` that 's none of your business , '' david answered defiantly . 
 seeing her baby 's father so unexpectedly was almost more than she could tolerate . 
 her entire body started to shake . 
 `` i see it did n't take you long to find my replacement , '' david said , staring at mack . 
 he smiled then , that easy , confident smile she knew so well . 
 `` actually , he 's welcome to you . 
 all i care about is my daughter . '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 mary jo asked , then regretted the question . 
 the answer was obvious . 
 he 'd come to see his father and stepmother . 
 or worse , he 'd come in search of her and noelle . 
 while he claimed all he cared about was noelle , she noticed that he had n't glanced once at the stroller or their daughter , as if noelle did n't even exist . 
 `` i came to find you , '' david said , looking directly at mary jo . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she hated the way her voice trembled . 
 `` you know why . '' 
 but she did n't . 
 nor did she want to . 
 `` stay out of mary jo 's life , '' mack said from between clenched teeth . 
 mary jo placed a calming hand on his forearm . 
 she did n't want this to turn into a sparring match , although she was fairly sure that if it did , mack would easily overtake david . 
 seeing him now , with his puffy face and bloodshot eyes , she wondered why she 'd ever been attracted to the man . 
 even as she asked herself that question , her mind provided an immediate response . 
 in david she 'd seen freedom , a way out from under her brother 's thumb . 
 david rhodes had offered her an escape , and she 'd been both foolish and blind enough to take it . 
 david returned his attention to mary jo . 
 `` i 'm here to warn you that if you file for child support with the state , you 'll be sorry . '' 
 `` you threaten mary jo and you 'll deal with me , '' mack growled . 
 he brushed her hand from his forearm and stood directly in front of david . 
 david did n't back down . 
 `` as i mentioned earlier , '' he said in a congenial voice , `` this really is n't any of your business . 
 the matter of our child-and who gets to keep her-is between mary jo and me . '' 
 he looked at mary jo again , his eyebrows raised . 
 `` my father said he advised you to file for child support . '' 
 mary jo swallowed uncomfortably . 
 ben had brought up the subject this past wednesday , when she 'd stopped by for her weekly visit . 
 he 'd felt david should be held financially accountable for his daughter . 
 the fact that david had denied any responsibility disturbed ben , and he 'd urged mary jo to file for support . 
 she 'd promised to consider it . 
 she had n't discussed any of this with mack , but had been quietly contemplating a course of action . 
 her biggest fear was that if she did file , david would insist on visitation rights , and he seemed to be implying that he would . 
 she could n't bear the thought of handing noelle over to david , since she did n't trust him . 
 `` i wo n't , '' she blurted out . 
 a slow smile appeared on david 's face . 
 `` that 's a wise decision . '' 
 mack took a menacing step forward . 
 david held up one hand . 
 `` mary jo can make her own decisions , '' he said calmly . 
 `` she does n't need any help from you . '' 
 `` i plan on marrying her , '' mack told him . 
 david shrugged . 
 `` well , good for you , but do n't forget i had her first . '' 
 for an instant mary jo felt as if she was going to be sick . 
 `` stop it ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` just stop it . '' 
 noelle woke with a piercing cry . 
 mary jo and mack reached for her at the same time , bumping heads in the process . 
 mary jo grabbed her daughter , turning her back on both mack and david . 
 she was shaking so badly it was almost impossible to walk . 
 this confrontation was horrible . 
 every fear she 'd ever had regarding david seemed to be staring her in the face . 
 for the second time since leaving seattle she had the strongest desire to move back to her family home . 
 mack caught up to her a moment later , touching her shoulders . 
 `` david 's gone , '' he said quietly . 
 she nodded , unable to speak . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he asked , his face concerned . 
 mary jo was n't sure how to answer him . 
 every part of her trembled with shock and reaction . 
 she never wanted to see david again as long as she lived . 
 as for turning noelle over to him-she 'd rather die . 
 his threat was all too real , and mary jo refused to take chances with her daughter . 
 the less noelle had to do with her biological father , the better . 
 `` mary jo ? '' 
 mack 's hands tightened on her shoulders . 
 `` answer me . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` you 're shivering . '' 
 perhaps because she sensed her mother 's tension , noelle began to cry . 
 mary jo bounced her baby gently in her arms and whispered words of reassurance . 
 mack took control then , getting mary jo and noelle back to the car , then dealing with the stroller . 
 once inside , he started the engine . 
 `` i want to go home , '' she whispered . 
 `` that 's where i 'm taking you , '' mack said soothingly . 
 `` i mean seattle . '' 
 she gazed straight ahead . 
 `` mary jo - '' `` noelle and i will be safe there . '' 
 `` you 're safe with me , '' mack countered . 
 `` david 's never been to the house in seattle . 
 he ... he does n't even know where my family lives . '' 
 `` you 're not thinking clearly , '' mack said urgently . 
 `` he could get their address , no problem . '' 
 although she knew he was right , mary jo did n't care . 
 every instinct she possessed told her to run and hide . 
 she did n't want to risk running into david ever again and if she remained in cedar cove that would always be a possibility . 
 `` i 'm calling troy davis , '' mack told her . 
 `` the sheriff ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` i want you to file a restraining order against david rhodes . '' 
 `` on what grounds ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` there must be something , '' he said stubbornly . 
 `` we can look into it . '' 
 still , she did n't know if that was the best way to handle the situation . 
 in what seemed like only a minute , they were back at the duplex . 
 but when mack pulled into the driveway , he made no move to leave her car . 
 `` will you get a restraining order ? '' 
 `` that wo n't stop him . '' 
 `` maybe not , but it gives the sheriff the authority to arrest him . 
 i refuse to allow this man to threaten you and noelle . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i - '' `` we 've come too far to let him stand between us now , '' mack said . 
 wiping her face , mary jo felt torn by indecision . 
 her afternoon had begun with such promise , meeting special friends , seeing her brother and lori-and now this . 
 she looked at mack . 
 `` hold me . 
 please , just hold me . '' 
 he wrapped his arms around her , and mary jo buried her face in his chest . 
 closing her eyes , she took in his warmth and his love . 
 soon the trembling subsided . 
 `` okay now ? '' 
 mack whispered . 
 she nodded . 
 `` no more talk of moving back to seattle ? '' 
 `` not my smartest idea , '' she admitted . 
 `` good . '' 
 she straightened . 
 `` you heard what david said . 
 ben wants me to file for child support . 
 he believes david needs to be held responsible for noelle . '' 
 `` is that something you want to do ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 ben had made a good case , but although she 'd listened intently to everything the older man had said , mary jo was n't convinced . 
 `` i do n't like the idea of david talking to you like that . '' 
 mack 's voice was steely . 
 `` i do n't like his threats or his insinuations . '' 
 `` he 's afraid . '' 
 she realized that he dreaded facing eighteen years of child support and wanted out . 
 if that involved making her life miserable , then he 'd do it . 
 mack opened the door . 
 `` i meant what i said . '' 
 mary jo looked at him , confused by his comment . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` marrying you . '' 
 not that again . 
 `` mack , thank you , but no . '' 
 he stared at her , and for an instant she saw hurt and disappointment in his eyes before he could disguise his feelings . 
 `` have n't we been through this before ? '' 
 she asked , hoping to make light of his proposal . 
 `` the last time , your proposal was prompted by another one of david 's threats . '' 
 if he really wanted to marry her , mary jo wanted to be loved for herself and not because mack was afraid of losing her or noelle to david rhodes . 
 `` i guess i forgot , '' he muttered , striding toward his side of the duplex . 
 `` mack ! '' 
 she called . 
 abruptly he turned to face her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 're still coming for dinner , are n't you ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no , thanks . 
 i 've lost my appetite . '' 
 fifteen shirley bliss was curled up on her living room sofa , feet tucked beneath her and a cup of tea in her hand . 
 her friend miranda sat across from her , holding an identical mug , also filled with steaming tea . 
 miranda had recently accepted a part-time job with will jefferson , which in shirley 's opinion was good for will and for miranda . 
 her friend did n't need the money , but she was at loose ends and will could use the help . 
 besides , miranda had connections that could benefit the gallery . 
 her husband had been a well-known landscape artist . 
 miranda dabbled in art , too , although she lacked the discipline to capitalize on her talent . 
 however , she had an excellent eye and her criticism was incisive . 
 `` i 've been dying to hear about your hot date with will jefferson , '' miranda said . 
 `` i would n't exactly call it a hot date , '' shirley said , not meeting her eyes . 
 shirley felt mildly guilty for accepting will 's invitation . 
 in all likelihood , she would 've found yet another excuse to refuse if not for the fact that he 'd asked her to the gallery event , where she 'd met larry knight . 
 shirley could n't turn down the opportunity of a lifetime . 
 when they did meet , larry was everything she 'd imagined and more . 
 they had n't spoken long . 
 he 'd told her he 'd lost his wife five years earlier , and an instant rapport had developed between them . 
 those minutes alone with him-despite being in a room full of people-had been magical . 
 `` will took you to canlis , did n't he ? '' 
 this was one of the most exclusive and expensive restaurants in seattle . 
 `` uh , yes . '' 
 miranda gave a short laugh . 
 `` apparently he did n't get the message that you do n't eat red meat . '' 
 shirley was n't a full vegetarian and did on occasion eat beef , but not often and never steak . 
 `` he got it by the end of the night . '' 
 the message about her food preferences was n't the only one . 
 she could n't have been any clearer-she was n't interested in pursuing a relationship with will jefferson . 
 while she appreciated everything he 'd done for tanni and shaw , that appreciation did n't imply any kind of romantic relationship . 
 `` he talked you into letting him display your dragon piece . '' 
 that , too , had been prompted by the guilt shirley felt over using will , primarily in the situation with tanni and shaw . 
 the dragon was a deeply personal work of art that she 'd never allowed in public before and would n't again . 
 he wanted it up for the summer and she 'd reluctantly consented , after initially agreeing to only one month . 
 to her , the dragon symbolized the fiery grief the death of her husband had brought into her life . 
 shirley had made the fabric collage shortly after her husband , jim , was killed in a motorcycle accident . 
 will had taken one look at it and practically begged her to let him display it . 
 after weeks of turning him down she 'd finally acquiesced , with the proviso that specific measures be taken to protect it . 
 will had accepted her conditions . 
 `` have you talked to will since last sunday ? '' 
 miranda asked . 
 shirley shook her head . 
 his reticence was mildly surprising . 
 he 'd been finding one reason or another to contact her every other day and then ... silence . 
 not that shirley was complaining . 
 `` does the fact he has n't called concern you ? '' 
 miranda asked . 
 sipping her tea , shirley watched her friend over the rim of her mug . 
 `` why all these questions about me and will jefferson ? '' 
 miranda shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` no reason . 
 i was just wondering . '' 
 `` i enjoyed talking to larry knight for five minutes far more than i enjoyed that expensive dinner with will . '' 
 `` but you would never have met larry if it had n't been for will . '' 
 that was true enough . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` and you feel guilty about that , right ? '' 
 shirley sighed . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` i did , '' miranda mumbled , looking decidedly un comfortable . 
 `` you did what ? '' 
 shirley asked in confusion . 
 `` i heard from will . '' 
 `` will jefferson ? 
 he called you about work , you mean ? '' 
 miranda shrugged . 
 `` at first i thought he wanted me for the gallery . 
 i 've already worked a couple of afternoons . 
 however , this time he called and ... asked me out to dinner . '' 
 that was encouraging news . 
 `` and ? '' 
 shirley asked , excited for her friend . 
 `` absolutely not . '' 
 her reply was forceful . 
 `` i would n't go out with the man my best friend 's dating if you paid me a million bucks . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` well , maybe i would for that kind of money . '' 
 shirley smiled , too . 
 `` i get your drift , but you do n't have to turn him down . '' 
 miranda looked in every direction except shirley 's . 
 `` in other words , it would n't bother me in the least if you wanted to go out with will , '' shirley said , hoping to reassure her . 
 `` but it would bother me . '' 
 miranda spoke just as adamantly as she had earlier . 
 `` he 's interested in you . 
 the only reason will asked me is to get a reaction out of you . '' 
 `` why would you think that ? '' 
 miranda rolled her eyes . 
 `` oh , please . '' 
 `` okay , you could be right . '' 
 shirley laughed . 
 `` so call him back and tell him you 've had a change of heart . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 shirley repeated . 
 `` because i have a feeling you might actually be interested . '' 
 `` you 've got to be kidding ! 
 that man 's used to women falling all over themselves to make him happy . 
 he 's had his way for far too long . '' 
 amusement glimmered in her eyes . 
 `` you were the exception , the woman he could n't get . '' 
 `` well , rumor has it there were others , '' shirley said , thinking of grace . 
 `` he needs a woman who 'll tell him what 's what . '' 
 `` the woman he needs , miranda , is you , '' shirley said . 
 `` sorry , not interested . '' 
 shirley was n't convinced that was even close to the truth . 
 `` whatever you decide is fine with me . 
 i do n't want him , so he 's all yours . '' 
 `` i do n't want him , either , '' miranda said stubbornly . 
 `` it would take far too much time and effort to whip him into shape . 
 i do n't have the inclination or the patience to take on that project . '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` i 'm serious , '' miranda insisted . 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 shirley had seen the spark in miranda 's eyes whenever will 's name was mentioned . 
 `` do n't you start with me , shirley bliss . '' 
 `` fine . 
 i wo n't , '' she returned , smiling . 
 oh , her friend was interested , but at the same time she was afraid . 
 miranda 's marriage had n't been nearly as happy as shirley 's . 
 for all his talent , hugh sullivan had been a difficult and demanding personality . 
 a half hour later , shirley was in the kitchen preparing a chicken-and-rice casserole dish when tanni came home . 
 her relationship with her teenage daughter was rocky and had n't improved much . 
 shirley tended to tread lightly , always unsure of tanni 's mood . 
 it was usually best to wait for her to speak first . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 her daughter asked , wrinkling her nose as she watched shirley work . 
 `` dinner , '' shirley said without elaborating . 
 `` you are n't putting mushrooms in it , are you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she had planned to add mushrooms but would n't now . 
 `` this is chicken with cheese and rice . 
 does that meet with your approval ? '' 
 `` sounds okay , i guess . '' 
 evidently shirley had deflated her daughter 's indignation . 
 she chanced a look in tanni 's direction and took a leap of faith . 
 `` is everything all right ? '' 
 she asked tentatively . 
 tanni whirled around , and shirley was shocked to see tears in her eyes . 
 in the past she would 've pretended she had n't noticed , but she could n't do that anymore . 
 she reached out her arms and hugged tanni . 
 tanni released a sob as she slid her arms around her mother 's waist . 
 `` he wo n't even answer my text messages anymore , '' she wailed . 
 `` shaw ? '' 
 tanni nodded jerkily . 
 the two of them-tanni and shaw-had been together constantly for about eight months . 
 shirley had been nearly frantic with worry that they might become physically involved . 
 her fear was that they 'd already crossed that line . 
 will jefferson had thrown her a life preserver when-with larry 's assistance-he 'd arranged for shaw to attend the san francisco art institute . 
 at first shaw and tanni were in frequent communication , but then as the weeks passed , tanni heard from him less and less often . 
 in the beginning she 'd made excuses for shaw . 
 `` he 's busy , '' she 'd say , keeping her cell phone close at hand . 
 `` i thought he loved me , '' tanni blurted now . 
 shirley could feel her daughter struggling to control her emotions . 
 she had no words of advice to offer . 
 it did n't matter . 
 what tanni needed was comfort and love , and shirley had both in abundance . 
 `` i volunteered at the library because i thought it would help take my mind off shaw , but that 's no good , either . '' 
 the reading with rover program was going well , and shirley assumed tanni enjoyed being part of it . 
 every indication from grace harding suggested that tanni was doing a terrific job . 
 `` you seemed to like working with the kids . '' 
 `` i do , but i hate having to deal with kristen . '' 
 she twisted her lip as she pronounced the other girl 's name . 
 `` she 's such a goody-goody , '' tanni spat out . 
 `` and grace wants me to make nice . 
 give me a break . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll work it out . '' 
 shirley could n't think of anything else to tell tanni . 
 `` i want to quit , but i can see how much the little kids love reading to the dogs . 
 and if i left , grace would have to remove someone from the program . 
 that 'd be wrong . 
 besides , i 'd just go back to worrying about shaw . '' 
 `` you ca n't quit without a good reason . '' 
 her daughter glared up at her as if shirley had uttered the stupidest words ever spoken by a parent . 
 `` thanks , mom , but i already figured that out on my own . '' 
 `` oops , sorry . '' 
 they rarely had a conversation without shirley making at least one critical error in judgment , saying either too much or too little . 
 tanni broke out of her arms . 
 `` i 'm not calling or texting shaw ever again . '' 
 that was no doubt for the best , although hard to pull off , especially since these kids seemed to have cell phones permanently attached to their hands . 
 tanni hesitated . 
 `` not today , anyway . '' 
 `` do you want me to hold on to your cell phone for you ? '' 
 shirley asked , thinking it might help if she kept temptation out of the way . 
 `` no . '' 
 tanni sent her a scornful look and went into her bedroom , closing the door . 
 `` okay , sorry i asked , '' shirley muttered . 
 the phone rang and caller id said it was a private number . 
 as usual , tanni answered after a solitary ring . 
 two or three seconds later her daughter shrilled down the hallway , `` it 's for you ! '' 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 shirley asked . 
 if she did n't get this casserole in the oven , dinner would n't be ready until eight . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 some man . '' 
 `` some man '' probably translated into will jefferson , but if that was the case tanni should have recognized his voice . 
 he certainly phoned often enough . 
 sighing , she reached for the phone . 
 `` this is shirley . '' 
 `` shirley , it 's larry knight . 
 am i calling at a bad time ? '' 
 shock and delight rippled through her . 
 `` no , not at all . 
 this is perfect . '' 
 any time he called would be perfect as far as she was concerned . 
 she had n't dared to hope she 'd hear from him . 
 `` i wanted to tell you what a pleasure it was to meet you last week . '' 
 `` the pleasure was mine . '' 
 the expression was commonplace , but she meant it sincerely . 
 `` i 'm going to be in the seattle area again soon . '' 
 `` that 's ... wonderful . '' 
 she wished her voice was n't so breathless . 
 `` it 's another show . '' 
 `` of your work ? '' 
 `` no , a friend of mine . '' 
 shirley waited for him to continue . 
 `` i 'm calling to ask if you 'd be free to join me . '' 
 `` i would , '' she said , regardless of the details . 
 `` it 's on sunday the twenty-seventh . '' 
 `` that 's perfect . '' 
 she bit her lip , embarrassed that she no longer seemed to know any other words . 
 `` i can get a third invitation if you 'd like to include will . '' 
 `` no . 
 no , that is n't necessary . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 larry asked . 
 `` oh , yes . '' 
 `` i arrive early saturday and fly out monday morning . '' 
 `` would you like to come to cedar cove ? '' 
 she asked , and immediately regretted it . 
 she imagined how awkward it would be if they ran into will jefferson . 
 `` perhaps , '' he said , `` but i have commitments in seattle on saturday . '' 
 of course he would . 
 shirley felt gauche for having made the suggestion . 
 larry was an important artist , a celebrity , and he had better things to do than visit cedar cove . 
 `` would it be possible to see you on sunday ? 
 have dinner after the show ? '' 
 `` no ... i mean , yes , it would be possible . '' 
 every time she opened her mouth she seemed to say something stupid . 
 she had to wonder why larry wanted to see her at all . 
 `` great . '' 
 he sounded pleased , which only added to shirley 's delight . 
 `` i 'm so glad you called , '' she said . 
 `` i did n't expect to hear from you , and , well , i 'm ... more than a little flattered . '' 
 it was probably all wrong to tell him that , to be so effusive , but she did n't care . 
 they talked for another five minutes while they made arrangements . 
 he 'd send a car for her and , if he could manage it , he 'd come with the car , although at this point that looked doubtful . 
 as he spoke , shirley got a pen and pad from the kitchen junk drawer and wrote it all down , certain that if she did n't she 'd forget every word . 
 as soon as she was off the phone , shirley rushed down the hallway to her daughter 's bedroom and threw open the door . 
 tanni lay on her bed , cell phone in hand , text messaging . 
 `` you 'll never guess who that was ! '' 
 shirley cried . 
 tanni looked up with a bored expression . 
 `` hugh jackman . '' 
 `` no , silly . 
 larry knight . '' 
 tanni gaped at her . 
 `` the larry knight . 
 the artist ? '' 
 shirley nodded . 
 `` did he say anything about shaw ? '' 
 it had n't even occurred to shirley to ask . 
 `` no , he did n't , '' she said , feeling a little guilty . 
 the hope that had flared in tanni 's eyes was quickly extinguished . 
 `` he asked me on a date , '' shirley told her . 
 `` a date with you ? '' 
 shirley knew it probably sounded as inconceivable to her daughter as it did to her that larry knight had asked her out . 
 `` you 're going ? '' 
 shirley nodded , trying not to act too happy when her daughter was so miserable over shaw . 
 still , she could n't quite contain her joy as she hurried back to the kitchen . 
 she could hardly wait to tell miranda about this . 
 sixteen charlotte sat in her favorite chair , doing her favorite thing-knitting . 
 her fingers were as busy as her mind and although she 'd knit this same sweater a number of times she kept making small mistakes that she had to rip out , kept needing to refer to the pattern . 
 she 'd been so distracted and forgetful . 
 she blamed it on this stress caused by her husband 's son , david . 
 ben had turned on the television and sat staring at it , apparently engrossed , although she doubted either of them was concentrating on the evening news . 
 `` ben , '' charlotte finally said . 
 he glanced away from the tv and looked at her . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` let 's ask olivia . 
 she knows about the law in situations like this . '' 
 she did n't elaborate ; there was no need to . 
 ben knew very well that she was talking about david 's daughter , noelle . 
 ben 's mouth thinned . 
 `` let me think about it . '' 
 charlotte had no intention of pressuring him . 
 ben loved his little granddaughter and had already taken financial measures to secure her future . 
 his son 's actions had devastated him-and this was n't the first time . 
 david had a history of hurtful and irresponsible behavior , which included `` borrowing '' money from ben . 
 money that was rarely ever repaid . 
 a `` sponger , '' her own son had called him . 
 maybe will 's behavior had n't always been exemplary , either , but compared to david he was a paragon . 
 charlotte knew ben had been hoping david would do the right thing , the responsible thing , and support his child . 
 that had n't happened and probably would n't . 
 instead , david had obstinately insisted noelle was n't his child , even after admitting it earlier . 
 but he could no longer deny his paternity , since a dna test had proven it conclusively . 
 they 'd spoken with david on saturday . 
 now he 'd started claiming that dna testing was n't infallible and that mary jo was some kind of fraud . 
 or-and he 'd also claimed this-she was promiscuous , although he 'd put it more crudely . 
 ben was n't having any of that and neither was charlotte . 
 he 'd urged mary jo to file a paternity suit . 
 for david to acknowledge his responsibility and accept it would be the honorable course of action , but as charlotte had learned , david rhodes was not an honorable man . 
 `` maybe it would be a good idea to discuss this with olivia , '' ben said after several minutes . 
 `` she deals with similar cases every day in court , or she did , '' charlotte amended , `` when she was working . '' 
 `` the problem is ... '' ben let the rest of his thought fade . 
 charlotte knew better than to prompt him . 
 ben often broke off in the middle of a sentence while he considered a dilemma or mulled over a solution . 
 `` the problem is , '' he began a second time , `` i do n't know if mary jo is willing to take our advice . '' 
 charlotte was knitting at a frantic pace , ignoring any errors she might be making . 
 the poor girl had arrived at the house late saturday afternoon , so upset she 'd hardly been able to speak ; they got the story out of her in bits and pieces . 
 from what charlotte recalled of the conversation , david had confronted mary jo and more or less threatened her if she pursued child support . 
 charlotte was outraged whenever she thought about it . 
 she did n't say anything because it would only upset ben , and he 'd already endured about all he could from his youngest son . 
 `` i was thinking i 'd make up a batch of that soup you like . 
 the one with the meatballs and fresh spinach . '' 
 for the life of her , she could n't remember the name of it . 
 `` italian wedding soup , '' ben said . 
 `` yes , that 's the one . 
 i bet olivia would enjoy it , too . 
 i 'll make a big pot and we 'll bring it over tomorrow afternoon for lunch . '' 
 she 'd spend the morning baking a loaf of oatmeal molasses bread and would add that to her basket . 
 ben reached across the space between their two chairs and took her hand . 
 `` thank you , '' he whispered . 
 `` why are you thanking me , ben rhodes ? '' 
 he answered her with the sweetest of smiles . 
 `` for your love and patience . '' 
 `` i vowed to love you , and i do , and as for the patience part , you do n't need to thank me for that . 
 you 're a good man , and a good father , too . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't feel like one . '' 
 `` nonsense . 
 we ca n't take on the faults of our children . 
 as adults , we all make our own decisions and live our own lives . '' 
 `` that 's true , '' ben agreed . 
 `` but it 's still hard to see our children acting badly . '' 
 charlotte could n't argue with that . 
 the following afternoon , ben drove charlotte out to lighthouse road . 
 as they walked to the back door , she studied the small vegetable garden and the strawberry patch , dotted with succulent red berries . 
 she 'd pick some later and make olivia that freezer jam she liked . 
 `` anyone home ? '' 
 charlotte called out as they entered the house . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 olivia 's voice came from the spare bedroom . 
 `` oh , is it lunchtime already ? '' 
 she hurried into the kitchen with a measuring tape around her neck and a pair of scissors in one hand . 
 she must be working on a quilt . 
 ever since olivia had started to recover , she 'd been designing and sewing quilts for her grandchildren . 
 they were lovely , too . 
 it was an activity that occupied her time and gave her a creative outlet . 
 ben set the crock-pot filled with soup on the kitchen counter and plugged it in . 
 `` as promised , we brought lunch , '' charlotte announced . 
 she opened the kitchen cupboard , taking down three soup bowls and three bread plates . 
 `` is jack going to be joining us ? '' 
 olivia nodded . 
 `` have you ever known my husband to miss one of your meals ? '' 
 she got another bowl and plate , while ben efficiently collected the silverware . 
 `` he 's been taking time off every day to drive home and check on me . 
 oh , he makes it sound like he 's just home for lunch , but i know that man and he 's watching over me . '' 
 `` as well he should , '' charlotte said . 
 she approved of jack 's less-than-subtle approach to caring for her daughter . 
 she was grateful he kept a close eye on olivia ; the cancer was bad enough , but they 'd very nearly lost her last fall , and the scare had put them all on edge . 
 the memory of those weeks always sent a chill down charlotte 's spine . 
 as if he 'd been able to smell the fresh-baked bread , jack pulled into the space behind ben 's car . 
 he bounded out of his vehicle and came through the kitchen door , clutching a copy of the latest cedar cove chronicle . 
 `` you 've got your very own delivery boy , '' he said cheerfully , handing it to olivia . 
 `` hi , everyone . '' 
 they all greeted him and charlotte smiled at him fondly . 
 `` do i smell lunch ? '' 
 he asked , glancing expectantly around . 
 he kissed olivia 's cheek and walked straight past her to the crock-pot on the counter . 
 lifting the lid , he closed his eyes . 
 `` mmm . 
 homemade soup ? '' 
 `` italian wedding , '' ben said . 
 `` as usual , you 're right on time , '' charlotte told him . 
 `` everything 's ready . '' 
 within a few minutes , the four of them were sitting at the kitchen table ; the bread was still warm enough to melt the butter , and the soup was delicious , if charlotte did say so herself . 
 `` actually , olivia , we 're not just here for lunch - '' he inclined his head at charlotte '' - delectable though it is . 
 we have a few questions for you , if you do n't mind , '' ben said . 
 `` of course . '' 
 olivia looked somewhat surprised . 
 `` this has to do with noelle , '' charlotte supplied , eager to help . 
 `` it has more to do with my son than noelle , '' ben inserted . 
 charlotte saw that he 'd set his spoon aside and did n't reach for it again . 
 the subject of david had obviously ruined ben 's appetite . 
 `` i urged mary jo to file for child support , '' he said . 
 `` she should do it , '' jack seconded vigorously , an opinion charlotte strongly agreed with . 
 `` mary jo knows david 's unemployed . 
 she thinks there 's no point in filing when he is n't making any money . '' 
 ben turned to olivia with a questioning look . 
 `` whether he 's currently employed or not does n't matter , '' olivia said . 
 `` good . '' 
 ben 's expression was one of relief . 
 charlotte felt they should review the facts . 
 `` mary jo 's been taking care of noelle on her own and it is n't right . 
 ben wanted to help her financially , but mary jo would n't accept money . '' 
 she had to admire the young woman , although her situation must be difficult . 
 `` i did include noelle in my will , '' ben explained . 
 `` but i feel it 's david 's responsibility to support his daughter even if he was n't married to the child 's mother . 
 as it is , he 's not supporting the child he had with his ex-wife , either . '' 
 `` ben told his son how he felt and i 'm afraid their talk did n't go well . 
 unfortunately , david ran into mary jo shortly after meeting with his father . '' 
 charlotte glanced at ben , wanting his permission before she continued . 
 he nodded . 
 she paused a moment to butter some bread . 
 `` it turns out that david saw mary jo and mack mcafee with noelle down by the waterfront on saturday afternoon . 
 you remember how lovely the day was , do n't you ? 
 well , mary jo said david threatened her again . '' 
 `` threatened ? '' 
 olivia asked , frowning . 
 `` how , exactly ? '' 
 ben took over then . 
 `` from what mary jo could tell us , it seems david implied that if she went after child support , he 'd fight her for custody of noelle . 
 by the way , '' he added , `` i 've recently learned that he 's moved to seattle . '' 
 charlotte noticed that he did n't say anything about the woman david was living with , the woman who was supporting him . 
 she knew it was a source of great shame to ben . 
 `` i suppose being in seattle gives him greater access-and makes him more of a threat , '' he went on to say . 
 `` in these situations , the state virtually always keeps the infant with the mother , '' olivia assured them . 
 `` my son has no intention of raising that child . 
 he has another daughter from his marriage that he rarely sees . 
 he has no interest in being a father to either of his children , painful as that is for me to admit . '' 
 charlotte placed her hand over ben 's , offering him what comfort she could . 
 `` in my opinion , mary jo should call his bluff . '' 
 olivia spoke in a no-nonsense voice . 
 `` the courts do n't take kindly to these types of threats . '' 
 `` according to mary jo , david did n't even look at the baby once , '' ben said . 
 `` in noelle 's whole life , he 's never held her , never touched her , and to claim now that he 'll fight for custody is just plain ludicrous . '' 
 `` especially when he denied even fathering the child , '' charlotte said . 
 `` the judge will ask about his involvement with noelle to this point , '' olivia told them . 
 `` that is , if the case ever comes before the court , which i doubt will happen . '' 
 jack did n't look convinced . 
 `` you never know . 
 he might get himself some crackerjack lawyer with a bee in his bonnet about father 's rights . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 olivia sighed . 
 `` my guess is that david 's using intimidation , hoping mary jo wo n't ask for money from him , especially now that he 's unemployed . '' 
 `` well , if she does , i 'm afraid david will refuse to pay , '' ben murmured . 
 `` even if he finds another job . '' 
 `` since paternity is verified , the state will garnishee david 's unemployment check , presuming that he 's receiving one . 
 he wo n't have any choice but to pay child support . '' 
 charlotte knew he would n't like that , and his current girlfriend would n't , either . 
 `` what 's the situation between mack and mary jo ? '' 
 olivia asked thoughtfully . 
 `` you 've probably heard that they 're sharing a duplex , '' ben answered . 
 `` each living in one half . '' 
 `` he loves that little baby . 
 why , mack 's far more of a father to her than david , '' charlotte put in . 
 `` that 's what i figured , '' olivia said . 
 `` i saw the three of them at the market on saturday and they looked just like any young family on an outing . '' 
 `` i 'm sure mack 's sweet on mary jo , '' ben told them . 
 sweet was such a lovely word , charlotte mused . 
 old-fashioned and charming . 
 anyone could see that mack and mary jo were falling in love . 
 `` if i was a betting man , i 'd say they 'll end up married . '' 
 jack reached for his third slice of bread . 
 charlotte passed him the butter , which he took gratefully until olivia placed a hand on his forearm . 
 without saying a word , jack pushed the butter aside and patted his wife 's hand . 
 this exchange took only a few seconds and it made charlotte smile despite the seriousness of their conversation . 
 a couple of years ago , jack had suffered a heart attack , and ever since , olivia had stood guard over his diet . 
 the way she and jack looked after each other was inspiring . 
 `` has mary jo given you any indication that she 'll eventually marry mack ? '' 
 olivia asked her mother and ben . 
 `` well , no , but like ben said earlier , '' charlotte replied , `` it 's obvious that they 're close . '' 
 `` if they were to marry , do you believe mack would want to legally adopt noelle ? '' 
 charlotte did n't need to think about her response . 
 `` i believe he would . 
 he 's crazy about that baby . 
 noelle and mary jo are all he talks about . '' 
 to be fair , she had n't had a lot of conversations with mack , but whenever she did , he was full of stories about them . 
 and his mother said the same thing . 
 ben raised a cautious hand . 
 `` i suspect - '' he hesitated , then started again . 
 `` i suspect that mack and mary jo had some sort of disagreement after seeing david . '' 
 `` now , ben ... '' he raised his hand again , stopping her . 
 `` i know mary jo was flustered and upset when she came to see us , but i 'm sure it was over more than what happened with david . '' 
 thinking about it , charlotte had to agree . 
 mary jo had been in a real state . 
 she 'd needed to get away , she said . 
 she needed to talk to someone . 
 with mack living right next door , would n't she go to him ? 
 unless she could n't ... of course , he might 've been at the firehouse , but then charlotte remembered olivia mentioning that she 'd seen mack and mary jo together that same afternoon . 
 so mary jo could easily have discussed the matter with him . 
 instead , she 'd come to ben and her . 
 charlotte turned to her daughter . 
 `` why are you asking about mack ? '' 
 he was n't part of the equation . 
 this had to do with david , mary jo and noelle . 
 `` the reason i asked about mack 's feelings toward mary jo , '' olivia said , `` is because he might want to adopt noelle if and when he marries mary jo . 
 you told me you thought that would be the case . '' 
 oh , yes . 
 she had said that . 
 and it was true . 
 `` i just want everyone to be aware of the potential complications . '' 
 ben shrugged . 
 `` if i know david , i 'd say he 'll do everything within his power to make the adoption as hard as possible . 
 he does n't want noelle himself , but he wo n't want anyone else to become her father . 
 it 's unfortunate , but that 's how my son 's mind works . '' 
 ben lowered his head . 
 `` much as i hate to admit this about my own flesh and blood , if david feels he has the upper hand , he 'll use it to his advantage . '' 
 `` then i suggest , '' olivia said , `` that you take that power away from him now . '' 
 `` what do we need to do ? '' 
 ben asked . 
 `` have mary jo file for child support . '' 
 `` if she will , '' charlotte felt obliged to insert . 
 the girl had been so terrified that david would try to take noelle away from her . 
 `` david will put up a fight , so warn her in advance to be prepared for that . 
 really , it 's what we want because the next move will be mary jo 's . 
 she can then approach him with relinquishment papers . '' 
 `` what does that entail ? '' 
 ben asked . 
 `` is it as straightforward as it sounds ? '' 
 `` pretty much . 
 if david signs those papers , he relinquishes his rights as noelle 's father . 
 then mack would be free to adopt noelle , '' olivia explained . 
 charlotte clasped her hands together . 
 `` that would be wonderful ! '' 
 `` and if not mack , some other man in the future , '' olivia added . 
 `` if david wants out of paying child support , this is the way to do it . 
 i can almost guarantee it 'll save mary jo untold heartache later on . '' 
 charlotte was more than satisfied . 
 `` we need to discuss this with mary jo , '' she said . 
 `` at our earliest opportunity , '' ben concurred . 
 for the first time since david 's last visit , charlotte noticed that the frown he 'd constantly worn had disappeared . 
 seventeen `` you know what mack 's going to tell us , do n't you ? '' 
 corrie said confidently as she finished setting the table for dinner . 
 mack had asked if he could bring mary jo and noelle over on friday evening . 
 that was unusual , so corrie was convinced she knew the purpose of this visit . 
 their son was going to announce that he 'd asked mary jo to marry him . 
 they 'd planned to drop by for coffee or a drink , but corrie had invited them all to dinner . 
 after checking with mary jo , mack had confirmed that they 'd be available . 
 roy was in the living room , watching the news , and did n't answer . 
 `` roy ! '' 
 corrie said , so excited she could barely contain herself . 
 `` mack is going to tell us he 's asked mary jo to be his wife . '' 
 `` you 're sure of that ? '' 
 he asked , glancing briefly away from the screen . 
 `` not one hundred percent . 
 call it a mother 's intuition , but i know my son , and he 's head over heels about mary jo and that baby girl . '' 
 roy shrugged . 
 `` time will tell . 
 do n't plan the wedding yet . '' 
 corrie set the casserole dish on the table to cool . 
 she 'd made one of mack 's favorite recipes , shepherd 's pie with a mashed-potato base . 
 mack had asked for this dish on every birthday for as long as corrie could remember . 
 it seemed fitting to prepare it for him the night he told them he was engaged . 
 she wondered what kind of ring he 'd bought mary jo ... `` they 're here . '' 
 roy was looking out the front window , which provided a good view of the driveway . 
 `` perfect timing , '' she said , rubbing her hands together . 
 and she meant it in more ways than one . 
 linnette and pete were married and now their son , too , was ready to start his family . 
 corrie removed her apron and tossed it on a kitchen chair . 
 she 'd take the salad out of the refrigerator just before they sat down at the table . 
 they 'd visit first , with some hors d'oeuvres and a congratulatory glass of wine . 
 roy opened the door for mary jo and their son , who held noelle 's baby carrier . 
 `` welcome , welcome . '' 
 corrie rushed forward to hug mary jo and her son . 
 her eyes instantly went to the baby who would soon be her granddaughter . 
 she looked forward to becoming a grandmother-twice in one year-and already adored noelle . 
 she envisioned cooking with her one day and teaching her how to make shepherd 's pie . 
 they 'd have tea parties and would fill coloring books together . 
 `` i was hoping you 'd make that , '' mack said , gesturing at the table . 
 `` smells fantastic . '' 
 he kissed his mother on the cheek as mary jo dealt with noelle . 
 corrie noticed that mary jo was n't wearing an engagement ring , but maybe mack had n't bought it yet . 
 all through their drinks and carefully chosen appetizers-cheese , crackers , stuffed mushrooms and tiny sausage rolls-she waited for an announcement that did n't come . 
 `` everything 's ready , '' corrie finally said , and stood to bring the salad to the table . 
 they sat down together , and after a short grace , roy refilled their glasses . 
 corrie handed the serving spoon to her son . 
 `` this is my favorite dinner , '' he told mary jo . 
 `` mom makes it every year on my birthday . '' 
 `` i 'll give you the recipe if you like , '' corrie was quick to tell mary jo . 
 `` why , thank you . 
 i 'd enjoy that . '' 
 `` my mother 's a great cook . '' 
 corrie blushed at the praise . 
 she took her first bite and was pleased with how well the shepherd 's pie had turned out-every bit as good as last year 's . 
 she did n't make it often , since roy had his own favorites . 
 halfway through the meal corrie could n't stand the suspense anymore . 
 `` i believe i know why you and mary jo wanted to stop by , '' she said coyly , glancing at her husband . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 mack 's gaze shot to mary jo . 
 `` you know we came about the letters ? '' 
 mary jo asked corrie . 
 corrie frowned . 
 `` letters ? 
 what letters ? '' 
 she turned to her husband , hoping for an explanation . 
 `` mary jo found a box filled with letters from world war ii , '' mack said . 
 `` remember ? '' 
 corrie nodded . 
 `` of course i do , '' she replied . 
 in fact she 'd had a long conversation with peggy about them . 
 `` then mack found a diary , hidden in the same space , '' mary jo added . 
 `` you came here because you wanted to talk about the letters ? '' 
 corrie was fascinated by them , too , but could n't let go of her hope that they 'd come to share the news of their engagement . 
 `` they 're incredible , mom . '' 
 mack 's voice rose with enthusiasm . 
 `` did i tell you mary jo and i have been doing research on d-day ? 
 the normandy invasion . '' 
 `` june 6 , 1944 , '' roy said , apparently in case she 'd forgotten the date . 
 `` joan manry and jacob dennison were so much in love , and then after the invasion ... there 's nothing . '' 
 mary jo looked at corrie and then roy . 
 `` no more letters , no more diary entries . 
 it 's a mystery . '' 
 `` mary jo and i keep wondering what happened to them . '' 
 `` we 're dying to find out , '' she told corrie . 
 `` the letters - '' `` you asked to have dinner with us because of the letters ? '' 
 corrie broke in . 
 she could n't conceal her disappointment . 
 mack stared at her blankly . 
 `` actually , you asked us to dinner , remember ? '' 
 `` yes ... no . 
 i apologize . '' 
 corrie placed her hands in her lap . 
 `` i thought ... i hoped you 'd come for another reason . '' 
 `` corrie ... '' roy warned , his voice low . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mary jo asked . 
 `` well , i 'd hoped ... '' corrie managed a half smile as she turned to her son . 
 `` i just assumed , you know , with the two of you spending so much time together , that you might 've decided to ... get married . '' 
 she looked from her son to mary jo and then at noelle . 
 she 'd swear the baby was n't pleased , either , making a sad face and kicking out her legs as if struggling to break free of her carrier . 
 `` mack and i - '' mary jo 's eyes widened . 
 `` no , that is n't it at all . '' 
 `` so i see . '' 
 `` tell me more about the letters , '' roy said , changing the subject and not being subtle about it . 
 mack seemed as eager as his father to talk about something other than marriage . 
 `` seeing how abruptly the letters stopped after the invasion , mary jo and i thought jacob must 've been killed . '' 
 `` we do n't think so now , '' mary jo said , `` because we ca n't find his name on the list of soldiers laid to rest in france following d-day . 
 nor is he among those recorded as missing in action . '' 
 `` he might have been wounded , '' roy suggested . 
 `` we thought so , too , but getting that kind of information is much more difficult . '' 
 `` i see , '' roy said , casting corrie one of his i-told-you-so looks . 
 `` so you want me to help you with the research ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' mack responded . 
 `` for now , we 'd just like any ideas you might have . 
 any new directions you could point us in . '' 
 mary jo smiled . 
 `` we 're actually having a lot of fun reading about the war and looking for information on jacob 's role . 
 we found some maps of normandy-of the beaches-on the internet with the battle plans marked on them . 
 we know approximately where his division landed . '' 
 mack gave a slight nod of his head . 
 `` i was never that interested in history , but these letters have opened my eyes to how exciting it can be . 
 these were real people who put their lives on the line . 
 jacob did n't want to die-i mean , no one does . 
 he said in one of his letters that he did n't see himself as any sort of hero . '' 
 `` but he was . 
 they all were , '' mary jo said . 
 `` and i 'm sure joan must have told him that . 
 unfortunately , we only have the letters jacob wrote , not hers . '' 
 `` but we have joan 's diary , which is filled with little details about everyday life during that time period , '' mack went on to say . 
 `` i think they 're fascinating . 
 she has just a few lines for each day and agonizes when she has n't heard from jacob . '' 
 `` she talks about saving her sugar coupons to make a cake and walking for miles to save on gas . '' 
 `` nearly everything was rationed during the war years , '' roy said . 
 `` i remember my parents talking about that . '' 
 mary jo nodded . 
 `` and there are abbreviations for things , but we ca n't always figure them out . '' 
 corrie felt their enthusiasm and , despite herself , was becoming intrigued . 
 `` if and when you decide you need help , '' roy said , `` you let me know and i 'll see what i can find . '' 
 `` thanks , dad , '' mack said . 
 `` yes , thank you so much , mr. mcafee . '' 
 `` call me roy . '' 
 or dad , corrie wanted to say , but did n't ; she 'd annoy mack , not to mention roy , and embarrass mary jo , if she did . 
 but she knew her son and every indication she saw said that mack was in love with this girl . 
 the baby began to whimper , and mary jo immediately pushed back her chair . 
 `` noelle 's teething . 
 she 's had a difficult week . '' 
 `` i 'll take her , '' mack offered , getting up . 
 while they discussed who should comfort the baby , corrie leaned toward her husband . 
 `` look at them , '' she whispered . 
 `` they act just like a married couple . '' 
 `` corrie , '' roy said in a warning voice . 
 `` keep out of this . '' 
 `` i think they need help . 
 you know , to realize how they feel about each other . '' 
 `` if so , it should n't come from us . '' 
 corrie did n't agree , but there was n't much she could do . 
 roy obviously felt she 'd interfered enough . 
 when mack and mary jo returned to the table , he held noelle in his arms while mary jo rubbed a numbing gel over the baby 's gums . 
 `` she 's usually a happy baby , '' mary jo said apologetically . 
 `` of course she is , '' corrie said . 
 `` listen , would you two like me to watch her so you could go out for the rest of the evening ? '' 
 perhaps if she gave them some time alone , they 'd reach the same conclusion she had . 
 roy might not think the young couple needed her assistance , but in corrie 's view they did . 
 mack glanced at mary jo . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 mary jo thanked corrie with a smile . 
 `` i do n't want to leave noelle when she 's this fussy , but i appreciate the offer . '' 
 corrie 's spirits sank . 
 mack got to his feet and started to clear the table . 
 `` any dessert ? '' 
 he asked , peering into the kitchen . 
 `` ah ... '' `` i thought you baked a cake , '' roy said . 
 `` did n't you tell me that earlier ? '' 
 `` yes , well-it did n't turn out . '' 
 `` it 's inedible ? '' 
 roy asked , looking disappointed . 
 thanks to his sweet tooth , he did n't understand what she was trying to hint . 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 `` corrie , just bring out the cake , '' roy said . 
 `` mom , who cares what it looks like ? 
 it 's what it tastes like that matters . '' 
 `` it tastes fabulous , '' she told them . 
 fine . 
 they 'd asked for this , so she was n't going to deny them dessert . 
 she left the table and returned with the dessert plates and silverware , then went back into the kitchen to carry out the four-layer coconut cake . 
 charlotte had given her the recipe and it had become a family favorite . 
 corrie set the cake in the center of the table for all to admire . 
 roy stared at it and his eyes veered back to her . 
 the lettering on the cake , written in bright red frosting , said , congratulations , mack and mary jo . 
 `` shall i cut the first slice ? '' 
 she asked . 
 mack nodded politely . 
 `` please . '' 
 `` i 'll cut through the part that says congratulations , '' she teased . 
 `` i guess this is what i get for being such a know-it-all . '' 
 `` oh , corrie , it was such a sweet thing to do , '' mary jo told her . 
 `` i wish we were at the point that we could tell you we had wedding plans , '' mack said . 
 he looked at mary jo , who stared uncomfortably down at the table . 
 `` but we , uh , have a few things we need to work through . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i - '' mary jo started , then stopped , as if she felt she needed to say something but was n't sure what . 
 `` you do n't owe us any explanations , '' roy assured mary jo . 
 `` if you decide to become part of our family , we want you to know we 'll welcome you with open arms . '' 
 `` and noelle , too , '' corrie said . 
 mary jo looked up , and corrie was surprised to see the glint of tears in her eyes . 
 `` thank you both , '' mary jo whispered . 
 `` it means a great deal to me . '' 
 `` can we drop the subject now ? '' 
 mack asked pointedly . 
 corrie nodded . 
 she 'd been so positive this dinner had one specific purpose , only to discover she 'd been way off base . 
 instead of celebrating with mary jo and her son , as she 'd expected to , she 'd embarrassed them . 
 fortunately , they were gracious about it . 
 she regretted causing them any discomfort , but maybe she 'd given them something to think about ... she hoped so , anyway . 
 they stayed for another hour after dinner . 
 mary jo helped her clean up , and they chatted in a companionable fashion about the letters and the diary . 
 corrie packed up the leftovers to send home with them . 
 it did n't escape her notice that mack was deep in conversation with his father when she and mary jo joined them in the living room . 
 the young couple left soon afterward . 
 corrie watched as her son backed out of the driveway and headed down harbor street . 
 `` so ? '' 
 corrie asked , turning away from the window to look at her husband . 
 `` what did mack tell you ? '' 
 `` what makes you think he told me anything ? '' 
 `` roy mcafee , do n't you dare do this to me ! 
 i have every right to know what 's going on between mack and mary jo . '' 
 `` and you think i know ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i saw the way you and mack had your heads together , so tell me what he said . '' 
 roy sighed . 
 `` he loves mary jo . '' 
 `` of course he does ! 
 i think he fell in love with her the night she had noelle . '' 
 `` and he loves the baby . '' 
 `` that goes without saying . 
 he 's practically her dad . '' 
 roy nodded . 
 `` but mary jo has a few issues she needs to work out and until she does mack does n't feel he can propose . '' 
 she recalled that mack made some remark along these same lines . 
 `` issues ? 
 what kind of issues ? '' 
 she asked . 
 roy picked up the television remote . 
 `` i 'm afraid they have to do with david rhodes . '' 
 `` that jerk has a lot to answer for , '' corrie muttered , crossing her arms . 
 every time she heard the man 's name she felt irritated . 
 how anyone as decent and honest as ben rhodes could have fathered such a. . . 
 a creep was beyond her . 
 `` mary jo 's afraid of what might happen if david gets involved in noelle 's life . '' 
 `` she has reason to be . '' 
 `` so she 's doing nothing , which only perpetuates the problem . '' 
 `` what does mack suggest ? '' 
 corrie asked , then answered her own question . 
 `` mary jo has to find the courage to stand up to david . '' 
 `` yes , '' roy agreed , `` and until she does , their lives are n't going to move forward . '' 
 `` oh , dear , '' corrie whispered . 
 `` i am right , though . 
 he does love her . '' 
 `` he does . '' 
 roy gave her a reassuring smile . 
 `` do n't worry , it 'll all resolve itself in time . '' 
 corrie 's fear was that this process might take much longer than it should . 
 eighteen `` da-ad , i need your help . '' 
 holding her math book , jolene sat on the sofa arm . 
 `` algebra ? 
 you think i know this stuff ? '' 
 bruce asked with a short laugh . 
 `` i would hope so , '' jolene said . 
 `` you 're the adult . '' 
 `` yes , but it 's been a lot of years since i was in school . '' 
 `` just look , okay ? '' 
 rachel had finished the dinner dishes-by herself , since it was easier that way-and was enjoying the exchange between bruce and his daughter . 
 if jolene was counting on his mathematical skills , then the girl was in trouble . 
 `` i do n't understand why i have to do this , '' she lamented . 
 `` you 're going to need it in life , '' bruce argued , not sounding convinced . 
 `` why ? 
 you do n't , '' jolene said . 
 bruce ignored that . 
 he reached for his glasses , a recent acquisition , and opened the textbook she 'd handed him to the page she 'd marked . 
 next , he appeared to be studying the problem as if staring at it long enough would miraculously produce the answer . 
 `` get me a pencil and paper , '' he commanded with the urgency of a surgeon requesting a scalpel . 
 `` just a minute . '' 
 jolene hurried back to her room . 
 as soon as she was gone , bruce turned to rachel , who hovered in the doorway . 
 `` you 'd be much better at helping her than me . '' 
 `` she asked you . '' 
 `` i 'm going to look like a dope when i ca n't figure this out . '' 
 rachel snickered softly . 
 `` well , you know what they say about the shoe fitting . '' 
 he scowled but did n't get a chance to comment before jolene returned with a pencil and yellow pad . 
 `` i still do n't get why this stuff is so important , '' she muttered . 
 `` you need to solve for x , '' bruce said . 
 `` i know that , but why ? '' 
 `` not y , x. '' `` daddy , you 're confusing me . '' 
 `` good , because i 'm confused , too . '' 
 he sent rachel a look that pleaded for mercy . 
 as much as she wanted to step in , rachel did n't dare . 
 the request had to come from jolene ; otherwise , the girl would reject rachel 's offer and resent her for having made it . 
 after several minutes , bruce threw in the towel . 
 `` sorry , kiddo , i ca n't do this . '' 
 `` i have the final at the end of the week and i 'm going to flunk , '' jolene cried , as if leaving this one problem unsolved would ruin her entire academic career . 
 `` i 'll never get into college if i ca n't pass algebra i. '' `` you 've got years and years before you need to worry about college , '' bruce said , but if he hoped to reassure his daughter , his words fell flat . 
 `` how can you say that ? '' 
 jolene wailed . 
 `` i have to get this right , i have to . '' 
 `` ask rachel , '' bruce suggested . 
 jolene glanced in her direction . 
 pretending not to notice , rachel began to wipe down the kitchen counters , which she 'd already done once . 
 `` rachel , '' jolene said hesitantly , `` do you think you could figure this out ? '' 
 `` would you like me to try ? '' 
 `` please . '' 
 this was not a word she was used to hearing from jolene-and it gave her hope . 
 pulling out a kitchen chair rachel motioned for jolene to join her at the table . 
 `` let 's look at this together . '' 
 she had no intention of doing the work for rachel . 
 her goal was to help the girl understand the concept so she 'd be able to solve algebra problems logically . 
 `` the teacher said we 'd learn the quadratic formula next year . 
 do you know what they use it for ? '' 
 rachel remembered learning it , but not its purpose . 
 `` sorry , no . '' 
 `` i know , '' bruce said , sounding superior . 
 `` really ? '' 
 rachel was impressed-but wary . 
 `` sure , '' bruce said . 
 standing , he swaggered over to them . 
 `` the quadratic formula is used to solve for x. '' `` daddy ! '' 
 rachel tried to conceal a smile but with little success . 
 `` you should go back to your online game , '' she advised . 
 glancing at the textbook , bruce winced and said , `` gladly . '' 
 rachel read over the problem , then wrote it down on the pad jolene had brought . 
 `` do you get this stuff ? '' 
 jolene asked . 
 rachel nodded . 
 `` i do . 
 i 've always had an ability with numbers . '' 
 `` how come you work in a salon , then ? '' 
 `` i use my mathematical skills there every single day , jolene . 
 not everyone who 's good with math works in a bank or an accounting office . 
 for example , i need to calculate how much coloring to put into the mix when i 'm doing a dye job . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 this appeared to be a revelation . 
 they worked together for the next forty minutes , until rachel thought jolene had grasped the concept and could finish a series of problems without help . 
 jolene stood and gave rachel a tentative smile . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 the girl returned to her bedroom , and rachel moved into the living room , just in time for her favorite cop drama on tv . 
 bruce came in a few minutes later . 
 `` that went well , do n't you think ? '' 
 he said enthusiastically . 
 rachel nodded . 
 this was almost the way it 'd been between her and jolene before the wedding . 
 `` school is out next wednesday , '' she said . 
 she dreaded summer vacation and the changes it would bring into their lives . 
 jolene was too old for day care and too young to be left alone all day without supervision . 
 `` i 've got her signed up for that drama camp for the first two weeks , '' bruce reminded her . 
 yes , but the expense would be a real challenge to their budget , especially if they had to continue this through the rest of the summer . 
 what bruce did n't know was that in a few months she 'd need to stop working , which would take a big bite out of their income . 
 `` it 's expensive . 
 and if we have to cover this cost all summer ... '' `` yeah , but we do n't have any option , do we ? '' 
 bruce put his arm around her shoulders . 
 in previous summers jolene had spent one or two days a week with rachel , the rest of the time at municipal or church programs . 
 but these days , the girl was n't interested in attending any summer camp that also catered to `` little kids . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 might have a solution . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 bruce asked eagerly . 
 `` i could do half days . '' 
 she 'd been making excuses lately to explain why she was so often tired and lacking in energy . 
 she also worried that it was n't good for the baby if she spent too much time around the chemicals in the salon . 
 if she was at home half days , she could at least keep an eye on jolene ... he considered that . 
 `` but you keep saying jolene would rather not be around you . '' 
 `` she would n't . '' 
 `` then you staying home with her might not be such a great idea . '' 
 `` in other circumstances i 'd agree with you . 
 but i 'm making this suggestion as much for me as jolene . '' 
 bruce studied her as if he had difficulty following her line of thought . 
 `` have n't you noticed how tired i 've been these past few months ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` well , yes , but i blame myself for that . '' 
 he slid his hand between her thighs . 
 `` that 's not why i need to cut back to half days . '' 
 `` you 're tired because of all the extra hours you had to put in after teri quit , '' he guessed . 
 `` well , yes , and ... for other reasons . '' 
 `` other reasons ? 
 like what ? '' 
 `` bruce , '' she said , exhaling softly . 
 `` i 'm trying to tell you something important here . '' 
 `` i 'm listening , i really am . '' 
 `` i know you are . '' 
 she took his hand . 
 `` but you 're not hearing me , are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm trying . '' 
 the best way to say this was straight out , rachel decided . 
 `` i 'm pregnant , '' she told him quietly . 
 bruce blinked . 
 when he apparently realized what she 'd said , he leaped off the sofa and started pacing . 
 he shoved his hands through his hair . 
 `` did you just tell me you 're ... pregnant ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? 
 this is n't a false alarm ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 `` have you been to the doctor ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 `` last month . '' 
 `` last month ? '' 
 he spewed out the words . 
 `` you 've known this for a month ? '' 
 `` i found out the night teri had the triplets . '' 
 bruce stared at her . 
 `` but how - '' `` this might be news to you , '' she broke in , `` but guess what ? 
 i did n't get pregnant all by myself . 
 this baby has a father . '' 
 `` me . '' 
 `` no kidding ! '' 
 `` i 'm ... not sure what to say . '' 
 `` how about-oh , i do n't know - ` wow , ' or ` that 's great , ' or ' i could n't be happier , ' or - '' he knelt down in front of her and grabbed both her hands , smiling the goofiest , happiest smile she 'd ever seen . 
 `` how about ` thank you ' ? '' 
 rachel swallowed back tears . 
 `` that works . '' 
 he placed his hands on either side of her face and kissed her . 
 rachel flung her arms around his neck and reveled in his love . 
 `` why did n't you tell me sooner ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i was afraid , '' she whispered . 
 `` afraid , '' he repeated . 
 `` of what ? 
 we both want a baby . 
 we 've talked about it . 
 okay , we 'd planned to wait , but it happened-and frankly , i think it 's wonderful . '' 
 she slipped her fingers through his hair . 
 `` i hoped you 'd feel that way . 
 the pregnancy came as a shock to me , a total surprise , and i was afraid it would to you , too . '' 
 `` this is the best kind of surprise . 
 i ca n't believe you kept it to yourself for so long . '' 
 she looked away . 
 `` i had to . 
 because of jolene . '' 
 the instant she spoke , she saw doubt pass over his face . 
 `` it was the one thing she asked us to do . 
 to wait . 
 not to have a baby yet . '' 
 `` we ca n't live by her dictates , '' bruce argued . 
 he kissed her again with an adoration that made rachel go weak in his arms . 
 `` i know and i agree , but jolene has had to deal with a number of significant changes this year . 
 adding my pregnancy to the mix complicates everything . '' 
 bruce frowned . 
 `` i still think we should tell her right away . '' 
 `` no , '' rachel pleaded . 
 `` not yet . 
 let 's give it a few weeks . 
 once school 's out , i 'll start working half days . 
 i 'm hoping that the time i spend with her one-on-one will allow us to repair our relationship . '' 
 maybe just being together , without bruce , would make a difference . 
 maybe jolene would stop competing for her father 's affection . 
 maybe she and rachel could regain the love and trust they 'd once shared . 
 `` well ... today was good . 
 she asked you to help her with math . '' 
 rachel nodded . 
 `` maybe it 'll work . '' 
 `` well , i want to make the effort . '' 
 he continued to look a bit uncertain . 
 `` let me tell her about the baby , '' rachel said . 
 `` i want her to know what an important role she 'll play as the baby 's big sister . 
 my goal is for jolene to be as excited about this addition to our family as we are . 
 to welcome this child , prepare for her - '' `` or him . '' 
 `` or him , '' she added , smiling , `` with joy and anticipation . '' 
 bruce exhaled slowly . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll leave it up to you . 
 tell her when you feel it 's right . '' 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered . 
 he sat back down beside her and they watched the rest of the police drama together . 
 twice she caught him staring at her . 
 `` bruce , '' she muttered the second time . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` try to wipe that silly grin off your face . '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` try harder . '' 
 `` do n't want to . '' 
 rachel groaned . 
 `` you 're going to make this impossible . '' 
 `` no , i wo n't . '' 
 the credits rolled across the screen . 
 `` are you tired yet ? '' 
 bruce asked . 
 `` it 's only nine o'clock . '' 
 he stretched out his arms and gave a loud yawn . 
 `` bruce , '' she chided . 
 if jolene walked in on them now , she 'd be horrified . 
 `` i ca n't help it , woman , i 'm crazy about you . '' 
 then he chuckled and placed his hand over her stomach . 
 `` as this proves right here . '' 
 `` shhh , '' she warned . 
 `` my lips are sealed , '' bruce said . 
 rachel sighed and snuggled close to her husband . 
 he 'd promised not to tell jolene and she prayed he would keep his word . 
 that he could keep his word and not let it slip before she was ready to tell jolene . 
 and jolene was ready to hear . 
 nineteen gloria parked outside the mcafees ' house and sat in her car for ten minutes before she found the courage to approach the door . 
 she badly needed a mother 's advice , and although she wanted to speak honestly with corrie , she was n't sure she could . 
 chad had left ten messages on her phone . 
 she had n't answered even one . 
 his final message was that this was the last time he 'd contact her . 
 he 'd obviously meant it . 
 gloria had n't heard from him in the two weeks since . 
 that was what she wanted . 
 was n't it ? 
 yes , she insisted to herself again . 
 it was ! 
 then why , oh , why , could n't she stop thinking about him ? 
 she 'd spent so many sleepless nights pounding her pillows , fighting to get his image out of her mind , that she was about to go mad . 
 yes , he was attractive , but so were lots of other men . 
 the simple truth was : no man had ever affected her as powerfully as dr. chad timmons . 
 all her life gloria had been a reserved and private person . 
 she did n't freely share her thoughts or feelings with others . 
 yet an hour after meeting chad , she 'd practically spilled out her entire life story . 
 she 'd shared her emotions , her doubts and fears . 
 at that time , that first night , she 'd even told him why she 'd moved to cedar cove . 
 no one else knew . 
 only chad . 
 that he could so easily strip away her defenses alarmed her . 
 terrified her . 
 now , after two weeks of silence , she still could n't get him off her mind . 
 she had to do something , but she was helpless to know what . 
 holding her breath , she rang the doorbell and waited for her birth mother to answer . 
 roy was gone ; gloria had seen him drive away as she turned onto harbor street . 
 she remembered that corrie sometimes took tuesdays and thursdays off and hoped she 'd be at home . 
 she was . 
 `` gloria ! 
 what a pleasant surprise . 
 come in , come in . '' 
 gloria stepped into the family home and glanced at the photos lining the mantel . 
 the one of her , in her sheriff 's uniform , stood next to linnette 's and mack 's high school graduation pictures . 
 the professional family photograph on the wall above the fireplace showed roy and corrie maybe fifteen years earlier with their two children and a dog , who must have passed into doggy heaven . 
 she did n't even know that dog 's name . 
 `` i was just emailing linnette , '' corrie said . 
 `` how 's she doing ? '' 
 `` terrific , '' corrie told her . 
 she walked into the kitchen and over to the coffeepot and refilled her mug . 
 `` would you like some ? '' 
 gloria shook her head . 
 `` would it be all right if i had a glass of water instead ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 corrie immediately opened the cupboard above the coffeepot and took down a glass , which she filled with ice and water and brought to gloria . 
 she sat on the stool and drank half the water before setting the glass on the counter . 
 her throat felt dry , her skin clammy . 
 `` i. . . 
 i need some advice . '' 
 corrie dragged a stool to the other side of the counter . 
 `` i 'm happy to help in any way i can , '' she said , sitting down . 
 `` i. . . 
 met someone a few years back . '' 
 `` male ? '' 
 gloria avoided eye contact and nodded . 
 `` i barely knew him and we ... '' admitting what she 'd done was more difficult than she would 've guessed . 
 `` you went to bed with him , '' corrie said matter-of-factly . 
 gloria nodded again . 
 `` i was embarrassed and shocked by my behavior and chose not to see him again . '' 
 her hand tightened around the water glass . 
 `` he made numerous efforts to contact me ... i rebuffed each one until he finally gave up . '' 
 `` why , exactly , did you refuse to see him ? '' 
 `` first , like i said , i was embarrassed . 
 second , i felt vulnerable around him . 
 emotionally vulnerable . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` there was another ... complication . 
 another woman , someone i cared-care-about was interested in him . 
 so even if i 'd been willing to risk a relationship with this man , i felt i had to step back . '' 
 her mother seemed to understand . 
 `` do you still have strong feelings for him ? '' 
 gloria shrugged . 
 `` i must , because i ca n't stop thinking about him-but there 's more to the story . '' 
 `` the other woman ? '' 
 `` no , she 's out of the picture . '' 
 she had to hope corrie would n't guess that she was talking about linnette . 
 `` okay , fill me in on what happened next . '' 
 gloria could hardly believe the water glass did n't shatter in her hand from the pressure . 
 she made a concerted but unsuccessful effort to relax . 
 `` about a month ago , this man ... he let me know he was moving away and ... '' she closed her eyes and inhaled . 
 `` i asked him to stay . 
 he agreed and we went on a second date . '' 
 the lump in her throat felt huge and she tried to swallow it . 
 `` the same thing happened all over again . '' 
 she said this last part in a harsh whisper . 
 `` you spent the night with him ? '' 
 gloria hung her head . 
 `` yes . 
 i woke up embarrassed and ... and furious with myself . 
 i do n't think either of us planned it but ... it just ... happened . 
 again . '' 
 `` have you seen him since ? '' 
 her birth mother seemed to intuitively ask the right questions . 
 `` no , and i do n't want to . '' 
 corrie smiled knowingly . 
 `` because you 're afraid . '' 
 `` yes , and can you blame me ? 
 the only thing we have in common that i can see is our ... our sexual interest in each other . 
 he also knows too much about me . 
 i do n't talk about myself with other people-it makes me uncomfortable . '' 
 `` but you do with him ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` are you in love with this man ? '' 
 if gloria had the answer to that , she would n't be sitting in corrie 's kitchen seeking advice . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't really know . 
 i think i might be , but i do n't know my own heart . 
 i feel so confused . 
 i 'm not sure of myself anymore or how to react . '' 
 she shook her head and her hair fell forward . 
 tucking it behind her ears , she realized her hands were trembling . 
 `` what would you like me to tell you ? '' 
 corrie asked . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 corrie reached across the counter and took one of gloria 's hands in her own . 
 `` i think you owe it to this young man and to yourself to talk to him . '' 
 `` what should i say ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you that . 
 but it seems to me that you 're running away from him and , more importantly , from yourself . 
 you tried that once and it did n't work , did it ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said miserably . 
 `` when you thought you were about to lose him , you asked him to stay . 
 that tells me you do have feelings for him . '' 
 `` he left ten messages for me . 
 in the tenth message he said he was finished and that i would n't hear from him again-and i have n't . '' 
 `` you need to talk to him , '' corrie said a second time . 
 `` even if you agree never to see each other again , you need some closure . 
 some way of acknowledging what happened so you can both move on . '' 
 gloria knew her birth mother was right . 
 she 'd recognized all along that this was what she needed to do , but she 'd wanted confirmation from someone she trusted . 
 corrie was n't her real mother ; gloria 's mother had died in a plane crash . 
 but she was certain the woman who 'd nurtured and raised her would have said the same thing . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered . 
 corrie squeezed her hand . 
 `` anytime . 
 will you let me know how it goes ? '' 
 gloria promised she would and left soon after . 
 that afternoon , she waited outside the medical clinic for chad . 
 she wore her uniform , since she had to report for duty in thirty minutes . 
 she was on swing shift and , through a quick phone call , had learned that he was on the early rotation . 
 that gave them twenty minutes together at most . 
 the time limitation suited her fine ; she 'd say what needed to be said , then leave with a clear conscience . 
 chad saw her the moment he stepped out the clinic door . 
 he hesitated briefly before heading in her direction . 
 her own reaction to seeing him caught her by surprise . 
 she had n't expected to feel anything . 
 but she did . 
 her heart seemed to trip into double time and her throat closed . 
 this was n't going to be easy and chad would probably go out of his way to make it as awkward as possible . 
 `` took you long enough '' was his only greeting . 
 `` i thought we should ... acknowledge what happened , '' she said , consciously quoting corrie . 
 she kept her hands on her hips , feet spread , the stance she used when pulling over speeders . 
 `` yes , i suppose we should . 
 do you want to meet me somewhere so we can talk in private ? '' 
 gloria shook her head . 
 `` here is fine . '' 
 `` in the parking lot ? '' 
 `` i have to be at work soon . '' 
 `` the parking lot ? '' 
 he reiterated . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` so this 'll be short and sweet . '' 
 `` well , yes . '' 
 he raised his eyebrows . 
 `` i guess that tells me everything i need to know . '' 
 rather than ask what he meant , she started in on her prepared speech . 
 `` clearly there 's a strong physical attraction between us . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 she ignored his sarcasm , although it irritated her . 
 `` i ca n't explain why you affect me the way you do . '' 
 `` but you do n't like it . '' 
 `` i do n't think we 're right for each other , '' she finally told him . 
 `` yeah , sure . '' 
 `` there 's no need for sarcasm , chad , '' she returned pointedly . 
 she 'd been correct about one thing ; he intended to punish her , make this as hard as he could . 
 `` you might not think so , but it 's either that or ... '' `` or what ? '' 
 he started to walk away from her . 
 `` you drive me crazy , gloria . 
 i 've never met anyone like you . 
 you 're hot one minute , and when i say hot , we both know what i mean . 
 then the next minute , you ca n't get away from me fast enough . '' 
 gloria could n't very well deny his accusations . 
 `` the night we had dinner , things got out of control . 
 i had n't intended to bring you back to my apartment . 
 i told you what would happen if we went inside and if i remember correctly you did n't voice any objections . '' 
 she swallowed and looked away , embarrassed because what he 'd said was true . 
 `` i woke up the next morning happier than i could remember being in a long time-only to discover you were gone . '' 
 she could n't meet his eyes . 
 `` then i found your note . 
 what a shock . 
 ` do n't call me again . 
 last night was a mistake . ' '' 
 gloria stared down at her shoes . 
 `` it might 've been a mistake for you , gloria , but i refused to think of it that way . '' 
 she had nothing to add . 
 `` hot one minute , cold the next . 
 i tried to reason with you . 
 i lost count of how many messages i left you . '' 
 `` ten , '' she said , then wished she 'd kept her mouth shut . 
 `` ten , '' he repeated . 
 `` ten messages , and how many weeks of silence ? '' 
 `` two . '' 
 there , she 'd done it again , letting him know she 'd counted each and every one of those tortured days . 
 `` and now you 're telling me to take a flying leap into the nearest cow pasture , right ? '' 
 his stance remained guarded , defiant . 
 `` i think it 's for the best not to see each other again . '' 
 `` that figures . 
 well , go ahead , gloria , run away and pretend there 's nothing between us if that makes you feel better . 
 trust me , after this last episode , it does n't come as a surprise . '' 
 she blinked at the vehemence in his voice , the hardness in his face . 
 `` i 'd rather we parted as friends , '' she said . 
 he went still , then shook his head . 
 `` sorry . 
 if you want to water this relationship down to ` friends ' in order to make it palatable , then feel free to do so , but it does n't work for me . '' 
 `` how ... what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` friends , you say ? 
 first , i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 friends are people i trust . 
 you 've burned me twice , and i do n't feel that friendly toward you . 
 if this is the way you treat your so-called friends , i pity them . 
 i pity you . '' 
 gloria 's stomach tensed . 
 `` i did n't mean it like that . '' 
 `` then what did you mean ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i thought , you know , that if we passed each other on the street we could ... be polite . 
 and if i ever came to the clinic , we could be cordial to each other . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` that is n't going to happen , so do n't worry about it . 
 fine , you want to be friends , we 'll be friends . '' 
 he stepped away from her and started across the parking lot to his car . 
 every instinct demanded she follow him and make things right between them . 
 yet she remained rooted to the spot . 
 she stood frozen for several minutes , warring within herself . 
 chad climbed into his car and drove off , and still she stood there , not knowing what to do . 
 corrie had said she needed to `` acknowledge what happened '' and move on . 
 chad had agreed . 
 but if that was what she 'd sought , she 'd failed miserably . 
 instead of ending their affair on a friendly note , they were more at odds than ever . 
 somehow she made it through her shift and , at eleven that night , went home . 
 although she was mentally and physically exhausted , she could n't fall asleep . 
 many hours later , she downed two over-the-counter sleeping pills and pulled the sheet over her head . 
 the sun had begun to rise , and morning light slithered into her bedroom through the gap between her curtains . 
 gloria rolled onto her left side and bunched up the pillow . 
 ten minutes later she was on her right side and then she rolled onto her back . 
 she glanced at the clock and wondered how long it would take for the sleep aid to kick in . 
 she closed her eyes , but when she did , all she could see was chad standing defiantly before her . 
 he did n't say a word , yet she felt his disappointment and his pain . 
 she felt her own . 
 all at once she threw aside the covers and sat up as his words echoed in her mind . 
 she 'd suggested that being friends meant that if they ran into each other again , they 'd be cordial . 
 chad had said that was n't going to happen . 
 he had n't meant he would n't greet her . 
 what he was telling her , she realized now , was that he would n't be around for her to greet . 
 he was leaving town . 
 the tacoma hospital had told him they 'd hire him any time he wanted the job . 
 chad was leaving cedar cove . 
 and her . 
 twenty mack finished his five-mile run and walked the last block to the duplex to cool down . 
 cool down physically from the exertion of the run and emotionally from his churning thoughts . 
 he 'd been upset with mary jo after their confrontation with david on the waterfront two weeks earlier . 
 twice since then he 'd tried to talk to her about the situation , and both times she 'd abruptly changed the subject . 
 the only thing she wanted to talk about was their search for jacob and joan . 
 and that interested him , too , but it was n't about their lives . 
 clearly she was n't comfortable discussing david . 
 not with him , anyway . 
 and that hurt . 
 he felt he had as much at stake as she did . 
 not to the same degree , perhaps , but he loved noelle , too . 
 their dinner with his parents had n't helped . 
 his mother-and even his father-thought they 'd come to announce their engagement . 
 he wished . 
 mary jo was n't ready , and frankly , mack was growing frustrated . 
 he 'd recognized long ago that she was afraid . 
 he understood that . 
 but for the past six months he 'd bent himself into a pretzel trying to prove how trustworthy he was . 
 okay , he 'd stumbled once , when mary jo discovered he 'd misled her regarding the ownership of the duplex . 
 even then he 'd had her best interests at heart . 
 if he had to do it over again , hindsight being what it was , he 'd tell her the truth . 
 how much that error in judgment had cost him remained to be seen . 
 he was tired of the brush-off she 'd been giving him lately , and he was n't sure how to handle it . 
 running helped him clear his mind , so he 'd pounded the pavement for five miles while he mulled over the events of the past few weeks . 
 he loved her and noelle , but it felt as though with every step forward , he immediately took two steps back . 
 after six months he was beginning to think she might never feel as strongly about him as he did about her . 
 after his run , mack showered , changed clothes , did a few errands and returned home midafternoon . 
 as he brought groceries into the house , mary jo came out of her place . 
 `` hi , '' she said , sounding uncertain . 
 good . 
 he hoped she enjoyed the feeling because he 'd been experiencing it for the past half year . 
 `` hi , '' he said back , and reached for another bag of groceries . 
 `` i did n't see you this morning . '' 
 he usually made himself available to mary jo and noelle in case they needed anything . 
 maybe that was his problem-being too helpful , too eager to show he cared . 
 he brought the second load into the house and left the door open . 
 a couple of minutes later , he was back to get his dry cleaning . 
 mary jo came farther into the yard , watching him . 
 mack pretended not to notice . 
 `` are you upset ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he stopped and met her look head-on . 
 `` as a matter of fact , i am . '' 
 she blinked as though his honesty had taken her by surprise . 
 `` do you want to talk about it ? '' 
 `` i 've tried twice , and noelle and her future obviously is n't something you want to discuss with me . '' 
 `` you 're not her father , '' mary jo snapped . 
 she could n't have said anything that would have wounded him more . 
 he considered himself noelle 's protector . 
 he loved that baby as if he were her father . 
 he 'd brought her into this world and been the first to hold her in his arms . 
 from that moment forward , mack had felt a special bond with noelle , warranted or not . 
 `` right , '' he said stiffly , and walked past her . 
 once inside , he closed the door . 
 he hung up his clothes , put away his groceries and swallowed a groan of sheer frustration . 
 not more than five minutes later , his doorbell rang . 
 assuming it was mary jo , mack toyed with the idea of not answering . 
 instead , he walked to the front door and threw it open . 
 he wanted to make sure she understood that he resented the intrusion . 
 staring at him intently , she stood on the other side with noelle in her arms . 
 `` i hate it when you 're upset with me . '' 
 he left the screen door shut and waited for his heart to stop pounding . 
 `` are you ready to talk ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded . 
 mack held open the screen and let her in . 
 he motioned for her to sit down on the sofa and went into the kitchen to make them coffee . 
 he brought out two cups . 
 she ignored hers . 
 he ignored his . 
 mary jo set noelle on the rug , and the six-month-old immediately began crawling toward the coffee table . 
 despite his dour mood , mack could n't help smiling . 
 he bent down and scooped the baby into his arms . 
 happy to see him , noelle gurgled with delight . 
 then , remembering why mary jo was in his home , mack sobered and set noelle back on the carpet to crawl about as she pleased . 
 as mary jo had so recently reminded him , he had no rights with regard to this child . 
 `` you ... are n't noelle 's father , '' she said again . 
 he glared at her . 
 she 'd already made her point and he could see no reason for her to say it again . 
 `` but i wish you were , '' she added . 
 those words removed the sting from her earlier comment . 
 `` i do , too , '' he admitted . 
 `` it 's obvious that you love noelle . '' 
 he could n't have made his feelings toward mary jo and her baby any plainer . 
 he loved them both , although so far it 'd done him little good . 
 `` i. . . 
 i spoke with ben and charlotte recently , '' she continued . 
 `` they talked to olivia , who recommended that i file for child support . 
 apparently it does n't matter whether david has a job or not . 
 they said it was important that i register with the state . '' 
 he wondered if mary jo would accept that advice . 
 when they 'd last spoken , she 'd been dead set against taking any action , certain david would follow through on his threat . 
 `` according to charlotte , olivia has lots of experience in these cases and she said david would be forced to own up to his responsibility . '' 
 `` but you 're afraid he 'll ask for joint custody of noelle once the support request goes through ? '' 
 mack believed that was a scare tactic . 
 `` that 's what people keep telling me , linc included . 
 i hate it when everyone seems to think they know what 's best for me and noelle . '' 
 her voice quavered slightly . 
 mack found himself wrestling with indecision , but he 'd done too much of that in the past . 
 he had to hold fast to his convictions . 
 `` you want what 's best for noelle , yet you 're willing to let david terrorize you . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid he 'll find some way of taking noelle away from me , '' she said , sounding close to panic at the mere thought of it . 
 `` which is playing right into his hands , is n't it ? 
 david does n't want to be part of noelle 's life . 
 he could n't care less about his daughter-or you , for that matter . '' 
 `` i know , '' she whispered . 
 she reached down and picked up noelle , who squirmed in her arms , wanting to be put down again . 
 mary jo clung to her baby . 
 `` do you honestly think any judge in the land would consider giving noelle to david ? '' 
 mack asked incredulously . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't think so , but it could happen . 
 i ca n't risk that . 
 i do n't need david . 
 i do n't want anything to do with him . 
 basically he 's saying he wants me to leave him alone , and i 'm happy to do that . '' 
 `` but then you are n't protecting noelle . '' 
 `` yes , i am , '' she insisted . 
 mack walked to the other side of the room . 
 `` is he named as noelle 's father on the birth certificate ? '' 
 he turned back and watched her nod reluctantly . 
 `` what if something happened to you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what if , god forbid , you became ill or were seriously injured and unable to care for noelle ? 
 who would take her ? '' 
 `` linc and lori ... maybe . 
 i had n't thought of that . '' 
 he wanted to shout that these were the very scenarios that ran through his mind in the middle of the night . 
 `` if you were ... gone or incapable of caring for noelle , the state would contact david , because he 's noelle 's legal father . 
 she would then become his responsibility . '' 
 mary jo looked horrified . 
 noelle slid out of her arms and plopped down on her thick diaper , sitting at her mother 's feet . 
 `` when ben talked to me , he said he was afraid that if ... sometime down the road i got married and my husband wanted to adopt noelle , david would do everything he could to cause problems . 
 he 'd use noelle for his own purposes . '' 
 mack had thought of that himself . 
 he did n't trust that jerk for a second . 
 mary jo glanced his way . 
 `` i 'll never understand how i could 've been so blind and stupid . 
 one error in judgment , and look what happened . '' 
 she swallowed visibly . 
 `` ben must have urged you to take action for another reason , '' he said . 
 mary jo nodded . 
 `` he told me that if i were to approach david with relinquishment papers now , he 'd probably sign them , which would save us all a lot of trouble down the road . 
 ben also told me that noelle will always be his granddaughter . 
 he 's already made provisions for her in his will . '' 
 `` i would n't expect anything less of a man like ben rhodes . '' 
 mary jo bit her lip . 
 `` i 'd want someone else to talk to david , though . '' 
 `` let me . '' 
 mack would get david to sign those papers without a problem , and it would n't take long , either . 
 `` no ... i was thinking i might hire mr. harris to do it . 
 he could deduct his fee from my paycheck . '' 
 it seemed she was still considering that action as she spoke . 
 mack took a moment to digest her words . 
 `` so you 're willing to approach david ? 
 or have someone approach him on your behalf ? '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know yet . '' 
 he stiffened and wanted to tell her that she should inform him when she 'd made her decision . 
 until then , he 'd rather she did n't torment him with her wishy-washy attitude . 
 again , mary jo sensed his irritation . 
 `` can i change the subject for a moment ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he wondered if this was just another delaying tactic , and then with a sigh of resignation nodded for her to continue . 
 `` i had a wonderful time at your parents ' house last week . '' 
 they 'd barely spoken since then . 
 right afterward , mack was on duty for four days straight . 
 once he got back home , he 'd tried to talk to mary jo but she 'd been unresponsive . 
 he 'd more or less ignored her ever since . 
 `` i apologize if my mother embarrassed you , '' he muttered . 
 `` she did n't , '' mary jo told him . 
 `` i was kind of amused that she assumed we were going to announce our engagement . '' 
 mack shoved his hands in his pockets . 
 `` amused ? '' 
 this woman had him so twisted up in knots he did n't know if he was coming or going . 
 he felt he 'd done nothing but make a fool of himself over her . 
 `` why are you looking at me like i said something offensive ? '' 
 mary jo asked . 
 `` honestly , mack , you 're so prickly these days ... '' `` the idea of marrying me is a big joke ? '' 
 he said in a sullen voice . 
 `` i did n't say that ! '' 
 `` sorry , maybe i need my hearing tested because that 's exactly what it sounded like . '' 
 `` do you love me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 mack did n't answer because he did n't want her scoffing at him , did n't want her to disparage his feelings . 
 `` well , i guess that 's that , '' she said after an awkward moment . 
 she reached for noelle . 
 mack knew if he did n't say something fast , she 'd leave . 
 this might be his last opportunity and he did n't want to waste it on resentment or retaliation . 
 `` i could n't have made my feelings for you and noelle any more obvious if i tried . 
 yes , i love you , mary jo . 
 my thoughts have n't been my own from the second i answered your 9-1-1 call last christmas . '' 
 once again mary jo bit her lip . 
 `` i fell in love before , and i was so stupid and foolish . 
 david - '' `` i 'm not david ! '' 
 he flared . 
 `` i do n't know how much longer it 's going to take you to realize i 'm nothing like him . 
 what have i ever done to make you think i 'd harm you or noelle ? '' 
 he was just warming to his subject when mary jo put noelle down and walked over to him . 
 `` i - '' he was n't allowed to finish . 
 mary jo placed her hands on his shoulders and practically forced him to look directly at her . 
 `` i love you , jerome mcafee , '' she said . 
 the air rushed from his lungs and mack found himself unable to speak-and not just because she 'd used his given name , which was known to very few people . 
 `` did you hear what i said ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he could n't respond , could n't even manage a nod . 
 `` do you need me to repeat that ? '' 
 this time he bobbed his head . 
 she dropped her hands and gave him the most dazzling smile he 'd ever seen . 
 `` i love you . 
 noelle loves you , too . 
 we both love you . '' 
 feeling completely out of control , it was all he could do to return her smile . 
 `` you could kiss me now if you wanted , '' mary jo suggested . 
 mack wanted , all right . 
 he wanted to hold her and kiss her . 
 he gathered her in his arms and his heart seemed about to take flight . 
 lowering his mouth to hers , he felt an incredible surge of emotion . 
 just then , with noelle holding on to his pant leg and mary jo in his arms , he felt as if his whole world had been transformed . 
 mary jo tasted sweet and wonderful , and one kiss was n't nearly enough . 
 soon they were kissing each other deeply , intensely . 
 they might have continued kissing and discovering their newly declared feelings if noelle had n't let out a sudden cry . 
 reluctantly mary jo broke away and picked up her daughter . 
 `` you made me forget about noelle , '' she whispered as though she had trouble finding her voice . 
 me , too , he thought , hard as that was to believe . 
 mack slid his hands down her arms , because he needed to keep touching her . 
 `` i 'm glad we finally talked , '' she said . 
 `` i could n't stand having you upset with me . '' 
 if he received this kind of reaction every time , he might consider getting upset with her more often ... `` i 'll discuss the situation with mr. harris next week , '' she told him . 
 `` i 'll get his opinion and make my decision then . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` i 'd appreciate it if you 'd talk to me before you decide . 
 will you do that ? '' 
 she agreed with a quick nod . 
 `` i think that 's fair . '' 
 `` i 'd like to adopt noelle , '' he said . 
 `` when ... when it 's appropriate , i mean , '' he stammered . 
 mary jo smiled . 
 `` she does love you , you know . '' 
 as if on cue , noelle squirmed in her mother 's hold , thrusting both arms toward mack . 
 he took the baby and noelle pressed her head against his shoulder . 
 he experienced the profound sense of making a promise to this woman , this child . 
 `` and i love her , '' he murmured . 
 `` my little girl . '' 
 twenty-one linc wyse parked his battered pickup truck outside their cedar cove apartment building . 
 after the confrontation with leonard , he 'd wanted to move-but finances made that impossible for the moment . 
 he found that it grated on him to feel beholden to a man who had no respect for him-or for his own daughter . 
 linc hoped that eventually their relationship with leonard would improve , but he could n't guess when or how that would happen . 
 despite everything , he had no regrets about his marriage . 
 absolutely none . 
 he 'd never been happier in his personal life . 
 his business life , however , was another matter . 
 after his move to cedar cove , he 'd hit one roadblock after another in getting his auto body shop up and running . 
 he 'd purchased the building and made the necessary renovations , spending a significant part of his savings . 
 while the work was in progress , he 'd applied for a business license , which should n't have been a problem . 
 but his application had been delayed twice . 
 it was n't hard to figure out that bellamy was somehow behind this . 
 linc was n't sure how his father-in-law had done it , but leonard clearly had friends in high places . 
 in the end linc had been forced to hire an attorney and he 'd eventually received his license . 
 at any other time , the frustration would 've infuriated him . 
 yet when he arrived home at the end of each day and saw lori , every negative emotion he 'd experienced drained away . 
 all she had to do was smile and linc 's troubles seemed to disappear . 
 he 'd never told her about his legal problems and his suspicions about her father 's role in them . 
 no need to upset her further , so he 'd dealt with it all quietly . 
 he anticipated one of lori 's smiles when he walked in the door . 
 instead , she rushed across the room and wrapped her arms around him , hugging tightly . 
 `` to what do i owe this reception ? '' 
 he asked . 
 generally they were kissing by now or talking non-stop about their day . 
 he usually helped with dinner , not that he was much good in the kitchen . 
 to him it was an excuse to spend time with lori ; each minute with her was precious and to be treasured . 
 `` my mother phoned , '' she said . 
 `` and that 's bad ? '' 
 lori nodded . 
 `` what did she want ? '' 
 `` she invited us to dinner on saturday night . '' 
 now linc was completely perplexed . 
 the relationship between lori and her family was strained , and an invitation from her mother should please her ; instead she was distressed . 
 `` will your father be there ? '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 she cried . 
 that explained some of her anguish . 
 linc patted her back soothingly , although he did n't understand why a dinner invitation had unsettled her so much . 
 `` what did you tell your mother ? '' 
 he asked . 
 if he came up with the right questions , he might discover what was so terrible about this invitation . 
 did n't it mean lori 's parents , or at least her mother , were trying to build a bridge ? 
 maybe this was a hopeful sign , the possible beginning of a reconciliation . 
 `` i said no . '' 
 `` flat-out no ... ? '' 
 she nodded , her hold around him tightening . 
 `` you did n't think to ask me first ? '' 
 tilting her head back , she looked up at him with wide brown eyes . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` because ? '' 
 he felt offended that she had n't even sought his response to this unexpected olive branch . 
 `` because i know why mom invited us . '' 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 lori looked down and did n't answer . 
 tucking his finger under her chin , he raised her head . 
 `` lori ? '' 
 `` my parents want to embarrass you . '' 
 he arched his brows . 
 that was n't a motive he 'd considered . 
 `` and they would do that how ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i showed you a picture of my parents ' home , remember ? '' 
 `` i do and it 's beautiful . '' 
 `` it has a guesthouse and an olympic-size pool and acres of landscaping . '' 
 `` ten acres , you said ? '' 
 `` on the water . '' 
 ten acres of waterfront property had to be worth more money than linc could hope to earn in his lifetime . 
 he remembered that lori had mentioned a live-in housekeeper and cook , as well as groundskeepers . 
 `` my father is wealthy and influential . '' 
 `` as he let me know , '' linc muttered . 
 and well-connected , too . 
 still , leonard bellamy could erect all the roadblocks he wanted , but he could n't stop linc from setting up business , no matter how many friends he had . 
 `` mom will make sure dinner has three forks , two knives and four spoons just to confuse you . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` after mary jo moved out , my brothers and i did n't have that much silverware between us . '' 
 `` this is n't a laughing matter , '' lori said . 
 `` i wo n't give my family an opportunity to embarrass my husband , and that 's what they 're hoping to do . '' 
 linc was n't the least bit intimidated . 
 `` i might have grease under my fingernails , lori , but i 'm not a country bumpkin . 
 i 'll hold my own . 
 there 's no need to protect me . '' 
 `` yes , there is , '' she insisted . 
 he kissed her forehead . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 really . '' 
 `` you do n't have any idea how uncomfortable dad will make you . 
 he 'll try to trap you . 
 he 'll act all friendly and then start asking for your opinion on stocks . '' 
 `` i 'll answer him truthfully . 
 other than my 401 -lrb- k -rrb- , i do n't follow the market . '' 
 `` that 's exactly what he 'll want you to say and then he 'll make fun of you . 
 only he 'll do it in this supposedly witty way that 's demeaning and belittling . 
 i wo n't have it , linc . 
 i refuse to stand for it . '' 
 leaning down , linc kissed the tip of her nose . 
 `` phone your mother back and tell her you 've changed your mind . 
 we 'll be happy to join them for dinner . '' 
 she stared up at him with shocked disbelief . 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` lori , sweetheart , you could be misreading the situation . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' she said . 
 `` i know my parents-especially my father . 
 he thinks i 've made a terrible mistake marrying you and he 's dying to prove what an idiot i am . '' 
 `` you 're not an idiot , lori . '' 
 the fact that leonard thought this infuriated him . 
 `` and neither am i . 
 in fact , your father 's going to see that , and soon . '' 
 `` clearly you have n't spent much time with him . '' 
 their single encounter had been unpleasant enough ; still , linc was willing to give it a second try . 
 when the time came , lori 's parents would be his children 's grandparents-their only grandparents . 
 linc knew the importance of family and longed to build a solid relationship with the bellamys . 
 he realized it might take months , even years , but he hoped that if lori 's parents had the chance to know him , they 'd see how much he loved her . 
 he 'd wait them out if he had to and he 'd endure leonard 's interference and would n't let it defeat him . 
 `` this is an opportunity we should n't turn down , '' he said . 
 lori held her ground . 
 `` we are n't going . '' 
 `` friday night , was it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 lori sighed and shook her head . 
 `` saturday night , but it does n't make any difference-we wo n't be there . '' 
 `` lori , we should go . 
 i want to . '' 
 `` linc ... you wonderful man . 
 you do n't have a clue . '' 
 oh , but he did . 
 `` call your mother back , lori . 
 please . 
 it 's time i met her . '' 
 a frown puckered her brow . 
 `` i ca n't do it . 
 i 'm sorry , linc , but i just ca n't . '' 
 she broke free of his embrace and hurried into the kitchen . 
 linc waited a couple of minutes , then followed her . 
 `` are we having our first fight ? '' 
 he asked . 
 lori , who had her back to him , turned and then smiled . 
 `` you know , i think we are . '' 
 a smile broke out across his face . 
 `` what are you so happy about ? '' 
 `` well , '' he drawled , `` i 've heard that make-up sex is the best there is . '' 
 `` lincoln wyse , i ca n't believe you just said that ! '' 
 `` wan na find out ? '' 
 he could see lori struggling not to smile . 
 `` we have n't resolved this yet . '' 
 `` ca n't we do that later ? '' 
 `` linc , you 're impossible . '' 
 `` ca n't help it . '' 
 he motioned toward the bedroom . 
 `` dinner can wait , too , ca n't it ? '' 
 lori giggled . 
 linc scooped her into his arms and carried her to the bedroom . 
 together they fell onto the bed . 
 a half hour later , sated and content , linc lay gazing up at the underside of the pink canopy . 
 `` well , '' lori murmured , stretching luxuriously , like a cat in a patch of sunshine . 
 `` you were right about the making-up part . '' 
 `` maybe that means we should argue more often . '' 
 rolling onto his side he leaned over her and kissed her . 
 `` call your mother , sweetheart , okay ? 
 i promise not to embarrass you . '' 
 `` oh , linc , i 'm not worried that you 'd embarrass me . 
 i just do n't want them making you feel uncomfortable . 
 i love you for who you are , not the amount of money you make or anything else . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he kissed her again , his lips lingering on hers . 
 late saturday afternoon , linc dressed casually in slacks and a white polo shirt for dinner at the bellamy family home . 
 when they arrived , they had to stop at the iron gate and wait for admittance . 
 entering the circular driveway , linc had to make an effort not to stare or look impressed . 
 the photograph lori had shown him did n't do justice to the stately home . 
 he 'd just helped lori out of the car when the front door opened and an elegant blonde woman stepped outside . 
 `` lori , darling , i 'm so glad you 're here . '' 
 lori 's mother came forward with her arms extended . 
 mother and daughter hugged before lori turned back to linc . 
 she slipped her arm around his waist . 
 `` mom , this is my husband , lincoln wyse . '' 
 `` mrs. bellamy , '' he said , and extended his hand . 
 she smiled and shook it . 
 he noticed that her palm was smooth and soft , her rings obviously expensive but understated . 
 `` welcome to our home , lincoln . '' 
 `` most folks call me linc . '' 
 `` linc , then . 
 my friends call me kate . '' 
 `` kate . '' 
 he hoped that he would , indeed , be considered a friend . 
 lori 's mother escorted them into the house . 
 the foyer was massive . 
 a round inlaid wood table dominated the area with a floral arrangement so huge it was like one he 'd expect to find in a five-star hotel lobby . 
 `` where 's dad ? '' 
 lori asked , glancing around . 
 that was linc 's question , too . 
 he intended to do his best to reach an understanding with his father-in-law over dinner-or at least make some progress toward that goal . 
 `` unfortunately , your father was called away at the last minute , '' kate said with undisguised frustration . 
 lori 's hand tightened around his . 
 linc was n't sure what she was attempting to tell him and looked down . 
 his wife mouthed three words-that 's a lie . 
 he frowned as kate led them into the living room . 
 the hors d'oeuvres had been arranged on a silver platter . 
 linc did n't recognize a single one-except for the caviar , which he 'd never had before . 
 this was no crackers-and-cheese plate . 
 nor was it stuffed mushrooms or greek olives . 
 rather than admit he did n't know what he was eating , he leaned forward and helped himself . 
 he scooped up some caviar with a small triangle of toast and shoved it in his mouth-not bad . 
 he saw lori glance pointedly to the right . 
 that was when he noticed the delicate china plate and napkin . 
 `` can i offer you something to drink ? '' 
 kate asked . 
 `` i 'll have a beer , '' linc said automatically . 
 `` i will , too . '' 
 lori slid closer to linc . 
 her mother grinned . 
 `` then so will i. '' linc saw his wife relax visibly . 
 `` i did n't know you drank beer , mom . '' 
 `` well , the truth is , i never have before , but there 's no reason i ca n't give it a try . '' 
 `` i 'll take mine in the bottle , '' linc told her , fearing the housekeeper would feel obligated to serve it in a fancy crystal glass . 
 `` me , too , '' kate said . 
 dinner was n't such a painful affair , after all . 
 the beef stroganoff was incredible and he went into the kitchen to personally thank the cook and praise her work . 
 dessert was homemade angel food cake , served with fresh strawberries and whipped cream . 
 the real stuff . 
 the last time linc had tasted real whipped cream had been the thanksgiving before his parents died . 
 the evening ended on a companionable note , with kate suggesting they do it again . 
 all controversial topics were avoided , which certainly made for a more comfortable visit . 
 on the drive home , lori leaned her head against linc 's shoulder . 
 `` you were right about mom wanting to build a bridge . '' 
 he 'd guessed that early on when kate had insisted on having a beer with him . 
 although she 'd never tasted one before , she 'd liked it and had a second with dinner . 
 `` i found out mom did n't tell dad we were coming to dinner until this afternoon , '' lori said . 
 `` i hope that did n't cause a problem between your parents . '' 
 he could n't help feeling guilty if that was the case . 
 `` mom did n't say , but i told her make-up sex is the best-and that i was speaking from experience . '' 
 linc nearly drove off the road . 
 `` tell me you did n't . '' 
 giggling , lori wrapped her arm around his . 
 `` you 're right , i did n't , but i was tempted . '' 
 `` where did your father go ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , and neither did mom . '' 
 `` he refused to join his family for dinner because of me ? '' 
 linc almost felt sorry for the other man whose stubborn pride had prevented him from enjoying a wonderful meal and a good time . 
 and linc knew a little something about pride . 
 `` it is n't about you , '' she said softly . 
 `` this is about me . 
 dad still has n't forgiven me for what happened with geoff . '' 
 linc felt her cringe just saying the other man 's name . 
 `` he 's convinced i have no judgment whatsoever . 
 and then you and i married so quickly , it sent him over the edge . '' 
 linc realized this was the crux of the problem . 
 he hoped he 'd reassured kate and that she 'd share what he 'd said with leonard . 
 `` the fact that you apologized for excluding the family from our wedding went a long way toward winning over my mother . '' 
 linc had broached the subject between courses . 
 his own family had n't been invited , either , he 'd explained , and he 'd said that in retrospect he regretted it . 
 if at some point lori 's family wanted to throw a formal wedding , that was fine with him . 
 from the smile kate sent him , linc knew he 'd scored a few points . 
 `` remember what i said about make-up sex ? 
 well , i heard there 's an even better kind . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 lori straightened . 
 `` is there really ? '' 
 `` yup , it 's the i-told-you-so-and-i-was-right kind of lovemaking . '' 
 lori 's smile filled her entire face . 
 `` are you making that up ? '' 
 linc grinned from ear to ear himself . 
 `` tell you what , my wonderful wife , i 'll let you be the judge . '' 
 twenty-two in the past six months , shirley bliss had had a few so-called dates . 
 spending time with a man other than her husband had felt wrong in the beginning , but she 'd gradually begun to accept that jim was gone and she needed to-as miranda put it - `` forge a new path in life . '' 
 not that miranda was a great example ... shirley did n't count will jefferson as a real date . 
 the only reason she 'd accepted his invitations was out of gratitude , and in truth , she rather hoped miranda would start seeing will . 
 in her opinion , her very forthright friend was perfect for the man who seemed to consider himself a gift for women to appreciate and admire . 
 this date with larry knight was in an entirely different category . 
 for one thing , it was a real date . 
 she felt as if she was in high school all over again , waiting to be picked up for the senior prom . 
 that afternoon , before larry arrived , she must have checked her reflection in the mirror a dozen times , as giddy as a schoolgirl . 
 thankfully tanni had gone out with friends for the day . 
 she 'd had several conversations with larry in the past three weeks . 
 she 'd offered to drive into the city today but larry had arranged for the car to show up at her place around two that afternoon . 
 he 'd told her he probably would n't see her until she got to seattle . 
 they 'd attend his friend 's show-manny willingham , an artist whose name recognition had increased substantially in the past year-have dinner and then the car would take her back to cedar cove . 
 while she was fussing with her hair one last time , the doorbell rang . 
 the car was ten minutes early . 
 flustered , shirley grabbed her purse and hurried to the front door . 
 she opened it and , to her astonishment , larry stood there on her porch . 
 just seeing him like this , so handsome and dynamic , just seeing his smile , left her breathless . 
 when she did n't immediately greet him , larry said , `` you were n't expecting me ? '' 
 `` no , '' she blurted out . 
 `` i was n't expecting you to arrive with the car . '' 
 `` it worked out so i could . 
 are you ready , or do you need a few more minutes ? '' 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 or she would be , once her heart settled down and she could breathe normally again . 
 he guided her to the car . 
 the driver held open the rear passenger door for her while larry walked around to the opposite side . 
 because of her initial reaction , shirley was convinced she would n't be able to utter an intelligent word during the entire eighty-minute drive into seattle . 
 but they talked constantly-about everything , from personal histories to what they were reading to preferences in art . 
 when the driver pulled up in front of an elegant bellevue gallery , shirley could n't believe so much time had passed . 
 she 'd learned a great deal about larry , and had confided much about herself . 
 like her , he 'd lost his spouse , which she already knew . 
 his two children were both married . 
 he asked about jim and her children , whom she discussed at length . 
 shirley thanked him again for helping shaw and brought up her concerns about tanni . 
 manny willingham was a sculptor . 
 larry introduced shirley , and manny took her hand in both of his , looked her directly in the eyes and said , `` go easy on my friend . 
 this has been a long time coming . '' 
 larry growled something under his breath , but shirley did n't hear what he 'd said , only that he was displeased with manny 's remark . 
 soon after , manny was inundated by others with questions about his work and they did n't speak to him again . 
 they viewed manny 's work and shirley could see why he commanded the prices he did . 
 several items already had red dots beside them , indicating a sale . 
 several others were for display only . 
 one piece in particular struck shirley , and she studied it for at least ten minutes . 
 it was a bronze , a bouquet of roses just at their peak . 
 `` this is one of my favorite pieces , as well , '' larry said , standing behind her . 
 `` it 's not for sale , '' she noted . 
 she would gladly have purchased it if the price had been one she could afford-which she doubted . 
 but the decision had been taken away from her . 
 `` actually , i own that piece , '' larry said . 
 astonished , she turned to face him . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 `` manny made that for me shortly after rosie died . '' 
 `` your wife 's name was rose ? '' 
 `` rosemarie . 
 i called her rosie . '' 
 until that moment , shirley had n't realized that larry had never mentioned his wife 's name . 
 they left for an early dinner at about five . 
 unlike will , who 'd taken her to one of the most expensive steak houses in town , larry chose a quaint family-run seafood place along the tacoma waterfront . 
 `` i hope seafood 's okay with you , '' he said when he told her about it . 
 `` i 'm not much of a meat eater . '' 
 so this was something else they had in common . 
 `` i love seafood . 
 this is perfect . '' 
 and it was . 
 she wanted to remember every minute of their time together , everything they talked about . 
 they had so many of the same likes and dislikes , from small things like favorite songs and movies to big ones like philosophies and beliefs . 
 after a while , all the similarities between them seemed almost eerie-and yet wonderful . 
 as the limo driver took them back to cedar cove , larry reached for her hand . 
 shirley gave it to him , acutely conscious of his nearness-his touch . 
 it seemed as though her senses , long dormant , had suddenly sprung back to life . 
 she and larry spent the rest of the drive just like that-holding hands , exchanging quiet comments , completely focused on each other . 
 when the car pulled up in front of her house , shirley was sorry the day had ended . 
 tanni was n't home yet and shirley could n't decide whether she should worry or appreciate the privacy . 
 `` would you like to see the dungeon ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 the invitation was a way to keep larry with her for a little while . 
 her art studio was nothing special , certainly not compared to what his must look like . 
 `` very much . '' 
 larry asked the driver to wait and followed shirley inside . 
 she led him down the stairs and once again felt her heart beating out of control . 
 he was going to kiss her and she wanted that , more than anything she could remember wanting in a very long time . 
 at the bottom of the stairs , larry rested his hand on her shoulder . 
 without thinking , shirley turned into his embrace and slipped her arms around his neck . 
 as she knew he would , as she 'd hoped and prayed , larry kissed her . 
 this was the first time another man had touched her like this since she 'd lost her husband . 
 she 'd avoided anything physical with the few men she 'd dated , fearing the rush of guilt she knew she 'd experience . 
 she felt none of that when larry kissed her . 
 no guilt , no dread . 
 just peace . 
 and happiness . 
 after several kisses , she buried her face against his throat . 
 `` after we met , that night you came to my show , i had to see you again , '' he confessed in a husky whisper . 
 `` manny 's exhibit in seattle was a convenient excuse . '' 
 `` can you make up more excuses ? '' 
 larry 's collarbone vibrated slightly against her cheek as he chuckled . 
 `` i think i 'll have to . '' 
 `` you felt it , too ? '' 
 she asked , already knowing his answer . 
 the attraction was there from the moment will jefferson had introduced them . 
 `` oh , yeah ... '' shirley heard the front door open and close . 
 tanni was home . 
 larry dropped his arms and stepped away . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 it was unusual for tanni to seek her out ; generally her daughter retreated immediately to her bedroom . 
 `` down here , '' she called . 
 `` that 's my daughter , '' she explained unnecessarily . 
 they started up the stairs , and when tanni saw larry with her mother , she raised questioning eyes to shirley . 
 `` tanni , this is my friend larry knight . '' 
 her daughter 's face instantly warmed as she recognized the name . 
 tanni pumped his hand as if she expected it to spout water . 
 `` it is a real pleasure to make your acquaintance , '' she said in an oddly formal fashion , hardly sounding like herself . 
 `` i ca n't thank you enough for everything you 've done for shaw , and for me , too . '' 
 `` happy to , '' larry said . 
 when tanni released his hand , he turned to shirley . 
 `` i 'd better get back to seattle . 
 i 'm flying out early . '' 
 shirley hated to see him go . 
 she walked him to the door in silence . 
 `` i 'll call you , '' he promised . 
 `` please . '' 
 she vowed she 'd sit by the phone until she heard from him . 
 until they talked again she could n't allow herself to believe any of this was real . 
 she watched him return to the car , watched it leave , before she found the strength to face her daughter . 
 `` he 's nice , is n't he ? '' 
 tanni said reverently . 
 `` he 's wonderful . '' 
 the word was inadequate to describe him and the way he made her feel . 
 tanni gave her a speculative look and shirley thought maybe she 'd said too much . 
 `` are you falling for him , mom ? '' 
 shirley could n't lie . 
 `` i think i might be . 
 truthfully , it 's all a little soon ... and a little scary . '' 
 `` it is . 
 i know how i felt when i fell in love with shaw . 
 my stomach felt weird all the time and i did n't want to eat and all i could think about was him . '' 
 as she spoke , tanni 's eyes filled with tears . 
 instinctively shirley opened her arms . 
 tanni walked into them and laid her head against her mother 's shoulder . 
 `` what 's wrong , baby ? '' 
 shirley asked softly as she stroked her daughter 's hair . 
 tanni broke away . 
 `` i ca n't stand it when i cry , '' she muttered angrily . 
 she scrubbed roughly at her face as though to punish herself for being so weak . 
 `` it 's shaw , is n't it ? '' 
 tanni nodded . 
 they went into the kitchen and sat on adjoining stools . 
 shirley waited for tanni to get control of her emotions . 
 after all these months of dealing with her daughter 's contentious attitude , she was grateful that tanni had confided in her . 
 `` i hate myself , '' tanni blurted out . 
 shirley wanted to argue and demand tanni never say anything like that again . 
 instead , she held back and composed herself before responding . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked simply . 
 `` i hate how i act when i do n't hear from shaw . 
 i text him and if he does n't immediately text me back , then i accuse him of seeing other girls and we argue . 
 i knew everything would change when he went to san francisco . 
 he said it would n't , but it has . '' 
 `` shaw is changing . '' 
 tanni bowed her head . 
 `` he makes me crazy . 
 i hate the things i say and do . 
 i want to believe he still loves me , but deep down i do n't think he does . '' 
 `` has he met someone else ? '' 
 again , she nodded , her head down , her chin almost against her neck . 
 wanting to comfort her , shirley leaned over and placed one arm around her daughter 's shoulders . 
 `` it 's hard to let go of the people we love . 
 even when we have to . '' 
 `` i do n't want to lose him ! '' 
 `` of course you do n't . '' 
 `` i see girls behave like this at school and i look at them with disgust . '' 
 `` see them do what , exactly ? '' 
 shirley asked . 
 `` you mean the texting ? '' 
 `` that 's part of it . 
 they hang on to their old boyfriends . 
 they 're so clingy and weak , and now i feel like one of them and i hate it . 
 i hate myself , '' she said , choking back a sob . 
 `` oh , tanni . '' 
 `` i know i should n't text shaw , but i ca n't make myself stop . '' 
 she looked at her mother tearfully . 
 `` take my cell phone away . '' 
 `` do you mean that ? '' 
 `` no , '' she cried , and followed that with a tremulous smile . 
 they hugged , and then tanni surprised her . 
 `` thanks , mom , '' she whispered as she slid off the stool . 
 by monday evening shirley understood her daughter 's angst much more clearly . 
 she had n't heard from larry since he 'd dropped her off . 
 all of sunday night she 'd waited for the phone to ring . 
 nothing . 
 she considered calling him , but decided against it . 
 early tuesday afternoon , tanni answered the door to a lovely floral arrangement that was being delivered . 
 she carried it into the kitchen , where shirley was preparing a curried chicken salad . 
 `` they 're for you , '' her daughter announced . 
 shirley wiped her hands down the front of her jeans and reached for the card . 
 tanni watched as shirley tore open the envelope and silently read the message . 
 `` thank you for a lovely day . 
 larry . '' 
 `` they 're from larry , are n't they ? '' 
 her daughter asked . 
 shirley nodded and felt an overwhelming wave of sadness . 
 tanni frowned . 
 `` you do n't seem happy that he sent you flowers . '' 
 shirley gave what she hoped was an indifferent shrug as she dropped the card on the kitchen counter . 
 `` he does n't want to see me again . 
 flowers are a man 's way of saying goodbye . '' 
 all the ecstatic feelings she 'd experienced after their time together had turned into mere fantasy . 
 because she 'd been so attracted to larry , she 'd made the wrong assumptions about his feelings for her . 
 she was just another in a long list of women who 'd do anything to date him . 
 `` he does n't want to see you again ? '' 
 tanni asked incredulously . 
 `` and he let you know by sending you flowers ? 
 i do n't get it . '' 
 shirley nodded again as she struggled to deal with her disappointment . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she felt as if a thick fog had descended . 
 `` that 's ridiculous , '' tanni insisted . 
 shirley knew otherwise . 
 larry knight was an important artist , a celebrity in constant demand . 
 he lived and worked in california and with his busy promotion and travel schedule he must 've realized how difficult maintaining a relationship would be . 
 she 'd wondered when she had n't heard from him and now she had her answer . 
 not that she blamed him ; a long-distance romance would be impossible . 
 besides , she 'd probably just been a weekend 's entertainment to him , not someone he 'd taken seriously ... rather than let tanni see how depressed she felt , shirley managed to swallow a few bites of dinner . 
 that evening she sat in front of the television , mindlessly watching a rerun of a reality show , too disheartened to do anything but stare at the screen . 
 her head whirled with emotions she did n't want to confront . 
 if tanni had asked her about the program , shirley would n't have been able to give her a single detail . 
 the phone rang , and she did n't even bother to look at caller id . 
 she could n't see any reason to torture herself . 
 besides , tanni would grab it fast enough . 
 ten minutes later , her daughter wandered casually into the living room , arms swinging at her sides . 
 `` that man who wants to cut off his relationship with you is on the line . '' 
 shocked to the very core of her being , shirley nearly fell off the sofa . 
 `` larry ? '' 
 tanni grinned . 
 `` he 's really nice , mom . 
 i like him . 
 we talked . '' 
 larry had spoken with her daughter for ten minutes ? 
 `` i asked him about shaw , and he said he checked and shaw 's doing really well at the art institute . '' 
 her smile revealed her pain . 
 `` i 'm glad for him . 
 i mean that . '' 
 shirley knew what it had cost her daughter to make that statement . 
 `` mom , answer the phone , '' tanni teased . 
 `` you do n't want to keep larry waiting . '' 
 tanni was right . 
 feeling better than she had in days , shirley picked up the phone . 
 twenty-three tanni bliss parked in the lot adjacent to the library-and did a competent job of it , too . 
 at least in her own opinion . 
 having her driver 's license had made a big difference to her life . 
 it meant freedom ! 
 her mom had been pretty good about letting her take the car , too , especially if it involved her work at the library . 
 the reading with rover program had gotten off to an excellent start . 
 the first few weeks were an experiment to figure out how it should work when school began again in september . 
 grace had called a meeting for the volunteers on thursday afternoon . 
 tanni was on her way there now . 
 she liked working with the kids and dogs ; what she did n't enjoy was being around kristen jamey . 
 tanni was n't sure why she disliked kristen so much , other than the fact that she was dumb . 
 she did n't know how else to put it . 
 kristen was about as empty-headed as anyone could get . 
 her lack of intelligence did n't matter one iota because kristen was beautiful . 
 the boys at school stumbled all over themselves every time kristen walked down the hall . 
 she was popular with just about everyone-except tanni . 
 already there was talk about kristen being crowned homecoming queen next october when they were seniors . 
 tanni suspected grace thought she was jealous of kristen but that was n't the case . 
 it was n't . 
 she simply did n't respect the other girl . 
 the head librarian had asked tanni to make an effort to get along with kristen , and she 'd tried . 
 she really had , not that it 'd done much good . 
 knowing that kristen would be at the meeting today put tanni on edge . 
 the library was busy , probably due to the upcoming fourth of july weekend . 
 half a dozen people stood in line waiting to check out books . 
 all the computers were in use , too . 
 one of the librarians recognized tanni and greeted her with a smile . 
 `` grace is in the conference room , '' she said , pointing in that direction . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 tanni headed toward the back of the library . 
 the conference room door was open , and she saw grace sitting at the table with a pile of tissues in front of her . 
 tanni hesitated . 
 either grace had come down with a wretched cold-or she 'd been crying . 
 not until she walked into the room did tanni notice that grace was n't alone . 
 kristen jamey sat across from her , and instinctively tanni stiffened . 
 grace glanced up . 
 `` oh , hello , tanni . 
 i apologize for the tears . 
 my dog , buttercup ... '' she did n't finish . 
 `` grace found buttercup dead this morning , '' kristen explained . 
 `` she died in her sleep . 
 grace 's husband , cliff , is burying buttercup in her favorite shady spot . '' 
 `` oh , grace , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 tanni felt terrible for her . 
 she 'd lost her own dog , bingo , when she was ten and , until her father 's death , it 'd been the worst event of her life . 
 `` i 'd had buttercup at the vet earlier in the week and everything seemed to be okay . 
 she was getting on in years and sleeping a lot , but ... this was unexpected . '' 
 `` maybe we should cancel the meeting , '' kristen suggested , looking at tanni . 
 `` sure . 
 i can come another time . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 grace dabbed at her eyes . 
 `` you 're both here and the others are coming . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 just give me a few minutes . '' 
 kristen reached across the table and squeezed her hand gently . 
 tanni wanted to say something but she did n't really know how to comfort grace . 
 she thought of telling her about bingo and how sad she 'd been when he died . 
 only it did n't seem like a good idea to share her own pain because it might make her weep , too . 
 `` my dog 's name was bingo , '' kristen whispered . 
 tanni 's head shot up . 
 `` he was part cocker spaniel and part something else , although no one ever seemed to know what . 
 maybe poodle . 
 my brother found him . 
 the poor dog looked like he 'd been lost a long time . 
 bingo did n't have any identification , and we put an ad in the paper but no one claimed him . 
 the day my dad was going to take him to the shelter i cried and cried , so my parents let me keep him . 
 he 'd become my friend . 
 he even slept on my bed . '' 
 bingo had slept on tanni 's bed , too . 
 `` i got buttercup from a friend of charlotte rhodes . 
 it was shortly after my first husband died . 
 i was so lonely , and buttercup seemed to know how much i needed her . 
 she loved cliff ... and me . '' 
 grace grabbed another tissue and blew her nose . 
 `` enough . 
 i have to get a grip here . '' 
 `` if it 's any consolation , it does get easier with time , '' kristen said in the same soothing voice . 
 `` i still think about bingo and sometimes - '' she glanced hesitantly at tanni '' - sometimes i feel as if he 's still at the end of my bed asleep . '' 
 tanni looked away . 
 she felt the same thing about her bingo . 
 the meeting lasted two hours . 
 the four original volunteers showed up , plus three other adults who sat in to listen to the presentation . 
 all three decided that they , too , wanted to be part of the program . 
 tanni kept her eye on kristen . 
 the other girl had been so good with grace . 
 kristen had said everything tanni wished she 'd been able to say . 
 kristen had expressed sympathy and understanding and done it in a compassionate , thoughtful way . 
 tanni did n't know the airhead was even capable of that . 
 while kristen had been comforting grace , tanni had sat like a dope with her tongue glued to the roof of her mouth . 
 when the meeting ended , tanni followed kristen out of the building . 
 she wanted to tell her about bingo . 
 her bingo . 
 apparently kristen saw that tanni was behind her because once they 'd left the building , she whirled around . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` ah ... '' `` you 've made it clear you do n't like me , tanni . 
 i do n't know what i ever did to you , but it must 've been awful . '' 
 `` actually , i wanted to tell you something . '' 
 `` so tell me . '' 
 she hated the way kristen made her feel . 
 grace had asked tanni to make an effort with the other girl , and so far nothing had worked . 
 well , okay , she could 've tried harder . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` i had a dog named bingo , too , '' she told her . 
 kristen 's gaze narrowed as though she did n't believe her . 
 `` you can ask my mother if you want . 
 it 's true . 
 he died six years ago . '' 
 for a long moment kristen did n't say anything . 
 `` i still miss my bingo . '' 
 tanni stared down at the pavement . 
 `` i miss my bingo , too . '' 
 the other girl hesitated . 
 `` would you like to walk over to mocha mama 's ? '' 
 her suspicions immediately shot up . 
 `` why ? '' 
 kristen shrugged . 
 `` to get something to drink . 
 if you 've got other plans , it 's no big deal . '' 
 tanni made a show of looking at her watch . 
 `` i 've got a few minutes . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 kristen was all smiles now . 
 they walked across the street and down the next block to mocha mama 's , where shaw had once worked . 
 his uncle owned the shop and had replaced shaw with another manager . 
 adam was a college student who instantly perked up when kristen and tanni walked in . 
 tanni knew his sudden interest was n't in her . 
 adam 's eyes went straight to kristen . 
 `` what can i get you ladies ? '' 
 adam asked cheerfully . 
 twice when she 'd stopped by , tanni had to wait while adam talked on his cell phone . 
 seeing the way he reacted to kristen confirmed everything tanni knew about the other girl . 
 it was n't fair that this airhead would command such adoration . 
 shaw would probably want to draw kristen 's portrait , too , she thought cynically . 
 thinking about him made her tense . 
 without being too obvious about it , she got out her cell phone to see if there was a text message from shaw , desperately hoping he 'd answered her while she was in the meeting at the library . 
 he had n't . 
 no surprise there . 
 she had n't heard from him since the night before , when she 'd practically begged him to reply . 
 then his answer had been short and had basically said he was studying and she should leave him alone . 
 she 'd tossed and turned half the night . 
 `` what would you like ? '' 
 kristen asked , breaking into tanni 's thoughts . 
 it took her a moment to respond . 
 `` i 'll have a chai tea . '' 
 `` me , too , '' kristen said , tanni rummaged in her purse for money . 
 `` it 's on the house , '' adam said . 
 kristen thanked adam and when they 'd been served she led the way to a table by the window . 
 it was the same one where tanni often used to sit with shaw . 
 `` that must happen to you a lot , '' tanni said , unable to hide her sarcasm . 
 `` you mean getting stuff for free ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` sometimes . '' 
 tanni 's cell dinged , indicating she had a text message . 
 in her effort to reach her cell , she nearly tumbled off the chair . 
 when she saw that the message was from her brother , nick , who 'd stayed in seattle for the summer , she wanted to weep with frustration . 
 she became aware of kristen watching her and quickly shoved the phone back in her purse . 
 `` i wanted to tell you something , '' kristen said . 
 `` i know you do n't like me . 
 i 'm not sure why , but i can guess . '' 
 tanni doubted kristen would understand her feelings , but she was n't going to argue . 
 `` let me ask you something , okay ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 kristen sounded eager to clear the air . 
 `` why did you volunteer ? 
 are you doing it because your gpa stinks and you figure having this on your college application is going to help ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 her denial was instantaneous and vehement . 
 `` then why ? '' 
 kristen 's hand tightened around her drink . 
 `` i had trouble learning to read , too . 
 i 'm dyslexic , but when i first started school we lived in this really small town and they did n't test me for it . 
 i struggled for a long time before i caught on to the concept of reading . 
 i wanted to help another child learn because if a volunteer had n't stepped in to help me , i might 've turned out to be one of those functional illiterates grace talked about in the meeting this afternoon . '' 
 `` you 're dyslexic ? '' 
 tanni found it hard to believe . 
 `` i know you think i 'm an airhead . 
 but i 'm not stupid . 
 it 's just that i have a different way of learning than most people . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 tanni felt immediately guilty . 
 `` i assumed your heart was n't really in this . '' 
 `` it is , '' kristen said with such conviction that tanni would never doubt her again . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 kristen asked , then sipped at her creamy chai tea . 
 tanni hesitated . 
 the other girl had been honest with her . 
 the least she could do was repay her in kind . 
 `` i need to get my mind off shaw . '' 
 `` shaw used to work here , did n't he ? '' 
 she answered with a nod . 
 `` he 's attending the san francisco art institute now . '' 
 `` wow , that 's great . '' 
 `` for him it is . '' 
 tanni , on the other hand , was stuck in cedar cove and would be for another year , if not longer . 
 before shaw left , they 'd promised never to let anything or anyone come between them . 
 he had n't even been away three months and he was giving her the brush-off . 
 when he 'd first gone to san francisco , they 'd been in constant communication . 
 now she was lucky if she heard from him three times a week . 
 whenever she did she was so happy ; her behavior was downright pitiful . 
 she hated her own reaction to his lack of contact as much as she hated what had happened between them . 
 `` not so good for you , right ? '' 
 kristen asked . 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 tanni was unable to hide the pain in her voice . 
 `` we used to text every hour ... now i hardly hear from him . 
 i just wish he 'd say he wants to break up , you know . 
 instead , he 's killing me with this silence . '' 
 `` guys usually do n't . '' 
 `` do n't what ? '' 
 `` initiate the breakup . '' 
 kristen was the one with the experience in the dating world . 
 shaw was tanni 's first real boyfriend . 
 he 'd also become her best friend . 
 they 'd shared their love of art and each other , and everything had been perfect . 
 well , not completely , because shaw was stuck here at mocha mama 's brewing coffee and dying on the inside because he wanted to be an artist . 
 `` do you think shaw wants to break up with me ? '' 
 tanni asked . 
 maybe kristen could help her understand what was going on . 
 `` tell me how he 's been acting . '' 
 tanni talked for thirty minutes , rattling off a litany of slights shaw had committed since he 'd moved to california . 
 `` you say he never would 've gotten into the art institute if it had n't been for some friends of your mother 's ? '' 
 kristen asked . 
 eagerly tanni nodded . 
 `` he owes me . '' 
 `` he knows it , too , which complicates his feelings . '' 
 `` all he has to do is say the word and i 'm out of his life . '' 
 she made it sound cut and dried , although it would be one of the hardest things she 'd ever had to go through . 
 not as hard as losing her dad . 
 kristen 's laugh poured salt into tanni 's already wounded heart . 
 `` this is n't funny ! '' 
 she flared . 
 `` i do n't think it is , '' kristen said quickly . 
 `` it 's just that shaw is so typical of guys i know . '' 
 `` he is ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 he 's being a total jerk to you-and getting away with it . '' 
 `` what did i do to him ? '' 
 tanni wanted to cry at the unfairness of it all . 
 the only thing she 'd ever done was encourage , love and support shaw . 
 now he could n't even take two minutes to send her a message . 
 `` probably nothing , '' kristen told her . 
 `` then why 's he doing this ? '' 
 even as she asked the question , tanni had the answer . 
 `` he 's met someone else , has n't he ? '' 
 kristen did n't even try to soften the truth . 
 `` probably . '' 
 `` then why does n't he just say so ? '' 
 it would hurt a lot less if he was honest with her . 
 yes , it 'd still hurt , but the pain would be easier to deal with than being left hanging the way she was now . 
 `` that 's what guys are like , '' kristen said confidently . 
 `` especially guys who 've been going out with you for a while . 
 he 's ignoring you , hoping you 'll break up with him . '' 
 `` that 's what he wants ? '' 
 tanni asked with a catch in her throat . 
 `` from everything you 've told me , yes , that 's what shaw 's waiting for you to do . '' 
 instinctively tanni knew kristen was right . 
 `` you need to get out more , see other guys , '' kristen advised . 
 `` do you know jeremy reynolds ? '' 
 the name seemed familiar to tanni but she could n't visualize a face to go with it . 
 `` i do n't think so ... maybe . '' 
 `` he 's interested in you . '' 
 `` jeremy reynolds , '' tanni repeated out loud . 
 `` i 'm not sure i 've even met him . '' 
 `` he graduated this year . 
 he lives next door to me , and when i mentioned that you and i had volunteered for the reading with rover program he asked a whole bunch of questions about you . '' 
 tanni planned to dig out her yearbook the minute she got home and look him up . 
 `` jeremy 's kind of shy , '' kristen went on . 
 `` besides , everyone knows about you and shaw . 
 would you like me to tell him you 're not going out with shaw anymore ? '' 
 tanni shrugged , biting her lip . 
 `` give it some time , '' kristen said kindly . 
 she finished her tea and set down the empty plastic cup . 
 `` i 'm glad we talked , tanni . '' 
 `` i am , too . '' 
 and she meant it . 
 if they had n't , tanni would never have guessed why kristen had volunteered to work with kids at risk . 
 `` thanks for the advice about shaw . 
 would it be okay if i called you and let you know how things go ? '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` i 'd like it if we could be friends . '' 
 kristen wanted to be friends with her ? 
 this was another twist tanni had n't expected . 
 `` yeah , i 'd like that , too , '' tanni said a bit shyly . 
 they stood , waved goodbye to adam and walked slowly toward the library parking lot , chatting as they went . 
 when tanni got home , she found her mother in a happy mood , which meant she 'd heard from larry . 
 they were on the phone practically every day , often two or three times . 
 `` you seem happy , '' her mother said , watching tanni in a way that would once have irritated her . 
 `` i 'm going to be okay , mom , '' she said . 
 she went into her room and got out her junior annual to look for a photo of jeremy reynolds . 
 twenty-four on the fourth of july , mack and mary jo gathered down at the cedar cove waterfront with dozens of other families for the fireworks display . 
 it was almost dark , and there was a buzz of anticipation in the crowd . 
 linc and lori sat on lawn chairs beside them . 
 noelle was already asleep , limp in mack 's arms , unaware of what was about to take place . 
 mary jo doubted she 'd stay asleep once the fireworks began . 
 mack had been on duty four days straight , but had the holiday itself free . 
 the fire station was on high alert this week , due to the hazards caused by fireworks . 
 being able to spend the entire day with mack and her brother made this fourth of july special . 
 because mary jo 's relationship with linc had changed-more than changed , improved-since her brother 's marriage , she 'd discovered that he was a good friend . 
 lori was fast becoming one , too . 
 the more she got to know linc 's wife , the more mary jo liked her . 
 lori was a gifted seamstress who 'd recently made an adorable summer outfit for noelle . 
 earlier in the day , the two couples had taken a picnic lunch to point defiance zoo . 
 while noelle might be too young to appreciate the experience , she 'd loved seeing the animals . 
 even linc seemed to have fun . 
 her brother had always been so serious ; seeing him relaxed and enjoying himself revealed a side of him she barely remembered . 
 `` is n't it time ? '' 
 lori asked impatiently . 
 `` i thought the paper said ten o'clock . '' 
 that was when they heard the whine of fireworks being set off . 
 `` there they go , '' linc said , just as the rocket burst into a cluster , spraying red , white and blue sparks across the clear night sky . 
 at the explosion , noelle woke with a start and began crying . 
 mack held the infant against his shoulder , gently rubbing her back . 
 noelle was content until the next explosion . 
 she let out another startled cry . 
 `` oh , dear , '' mary jo said . 
 `` this is scaring her . '' 
 `` should we take her home ? '' 
 mack asked , his face marked with concern . 
 `` i do n't know , '' mary jo said uncertainly . 
 she did n't want the evening to end , but noelle 's comfort came first . 
 noelle began to whimper . 
 `` look , '' mack told her , and pointed up at the sky . 
 mary jo wanted to tell him he could n't reason with a six-month-old infant . 
 but somehow , mack was able to calm her and eventually noelle returned to sleep , despite the noise and excitement . 
 when mary jo glanced over at her sleeping daughter , she noticed linc and lori holding hands . 
 lori 's head rested on linc 's shoulder . 
 she looked at mack again and saw him watching noelle , his expression vigilant . 
 he must have felt her scrutiny because he turned to smile at her . 
 she smiled back and reached for his hand . 
 mack held it for a few minutes before releasing it in order to shift noelle in his arms . 
 by the time they arrived at the duplex , it was almost midnight . 
 while she put noelle in her crib , mack brought in the blanket , the diaper bag and the remains of their picnic . 
 she 'd made potato salad , which he 'd raved about . 
 she resisted telling him that the recipe had actually come from his mother . 
 in fact , mary jo had talked to corrie mcafee twice in the past week . 
 she liked mack 's mother ; his father , too , although roy was more difficult to know . 
 maybe because he was a detective and ex-cop and therefore used to keeping his reactions to himself . 
 when she came into the kitchen mack was standing there , hands in his back pockets . 
 he did n't say anything , as if gauging how best to broach whatever subject he had in mind . 
 mary jo waited for him to speak . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 she finally asked . 
 `` something 's bothering you , '' he said bluntly . 
 her feelings , her dissatisfaction , were still vague and unformed , and she was surprised by his perceptiveness . 
 she tried to put her unease into words but that was harder than she 'd realized . 
 she did n't want to say the wrong thing . 
 after another minute or so , mack exhaled . 
 `` you 'd better tell me what it is . '' 
 mary jo felt awkward . 
 `` tonight , with ... noelle . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he urged . 
 they stood and faced each other , and both seemed tentative , as though frightened of where this conversation might lead them . 
 `` you want to be a dad . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` very much . '' 
 she stared down at the floor . 
 `` you love noelle . '' 
 `` you ca n't doubt that , can you ? '' 
 `` never . '' 
 his love for the baby was apparent in everything he 'd said and done ever since he 'd helped deliver her on christmas eve . 
 when she raised her eyes she saw his smile . 
 she met his look . 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he blinked in confusion . 
 `` are you asking if i love you ? 
 mary jo ? 
 you ca n't be serious ! 
 i 'm crazy about you . 
 i 've told you that more than once . '' 
 `` you 're crazy about noelle . 
 i 'm just sort of ... attached . '' 
 she did n't like feeling so insecure and yet ... she had to wonder . 
 furthermore , she 'd prefer the truth . 
 she wanted to believe he cared , but she 'd been misled by david and could no longer trust her own instincts . 
 she should n't ever forget that . 
 `` i love you , '' he said , without hesitation or embellishment . 
 `` as soon as this mess with david is straightened out , i 'd like us to become engaged . 
 i want to spend the rest of my life with you . '' 
 his words warmed her heart , but she refused to allow those warm feelings to sidetrack her . 
 `` after this mess with david is settled , '' she echoed . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she swallowed hard and found she could n't speak . 
 the proposal was the reward he dangled in front of her to resolve the situation with noelle 's father . 
 she was the one who was supposed to take the risk of pressing forward on the very issue david had warned her against . 
 no one except mary jo seemed to see david as a credible threat . 
 she had to take him at his word in this , if nothing else . 
 his intentions were clear-if she filed for child support , he 'd make her life miserable . 
 `` have you talked to allan harris like you said ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 `` no , '' she admitted . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 mack had been at the fire station most of the past two weeks ; otherwise , she knew he would 've hounded her about this . 
 `` and the reason for that is ... ? '' 
 `` i do n't trust david , '' she said , although that did n't really answer his question . 
 `` you should n't , because he ca n't be trusted . '' 
 she moved away and walked over to the picture window , crossing her arms . 
 `` why are you waiting for me to deal with david ? 
 if you love me and noelle and we love you , then why ca n't we become engaged now ? '' 
 mack took his time answering . 
 he took so long that mary jo turned around to look at him . 
 `` i have a good reason , mary jo . '' 
 `` i 'd like to hear it . '' 
 she tensed , afraid she was going to have a problem with what he had to say . 
 `` if david gets wind of the fact that i want to adopt noelle , it might be all the justification he needs to refuse to sign the relinquishment papers . 
 he is n't willing to support his daughter , but as soon as he discovers i want to adopt her , you can bet he 'll do whatever he can to thwart that . 
 ben agrees with me . '' 
 `` you 've talked to ben about this ? '' 
 `` and my father , too . 
 they both said the same thing , and i respect their opinions . '' 
 `` what happens if david does n't sign away his rights as noelle 's father ? '' 
 she asked slowly . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` we 'll deal with that when the time comes . 
 why are you assuming the worst ? '' 
 funny question . 
 `` with david i 've learned that 's what i need to do . '' 
 she could n't look at mack , so she turned away again and walked into the kitchen . 
 needing to occupy her hands , she unpacked the picnic basket , setting the empty potato salad container in the kitchen sink and filling it with soapy water . 
 `` mary jo , we 're in the middle of an important decision . 
 i think cleaning up can wait , do n't you ? '' 
 she leaned against the counter . 
 `` if david refuses to sign the papers , would you still want to marry me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he did n't pause for an instant . 
 `` you 're sure about that ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he sighed , obviously exasperated . 
 `` let 's go back for a moment . '' 
 `` to what ? '' 
 `` you have n't talked to mr. harris . '' 
 she should 've guessed this was coming . 
 `` no . 
 he 's been in court . '' 
 `` has he gone into the office at all ? '' 
 `` occasionally , '' she told him . 
 `` but he 's had other things on his mind . 
 the trial only wrapped up on friday , and i did n't want to distract him before that . '' 
 this was true , but more than that it was an excuse , and as she offered it , mary jo realized mack saw it for what it was . 
 `` o. . . 
 kay , '' he said , dragging out the word . 
 `` what about next week ? '' 
 `` mr. harris is on vacation . '' 
 her relief tumbled out with her answer . 
 mack walked into the living room , picked up a few toys scattered about , then returned to the kitchen . 
 `` you do n't want to deal with this , do you ? '' 
 she could lie , but mack was right . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` because ? '' 
 again , he waited for her to explain . 
 `` because of all the reasons i 've already brought up . 
 nothing has changed , mack . 
 david will do whatever he can to ruin my life . 
 he does n't want me or noelle , does n't want the responsibility of a child , but he 'll do everything in his power to make sure no one else can have us . '' 
 `` let me talk to him , '' mack said through gritted teeth . 
 `` no . '' 
 she could n't , would n't , allow him to get into a physical confrontation with david . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 he argued . 
 `` i 'll tell him i 'm marrying you and that i want to adopt noelle . '' 
 `` do you really think that would help ? '' 
 she cried . 
 `` you just told me how important it was that david not know our plans . '' 
 mack groaned , sounding frustrated and tired . 
 `` listen , mack , it 's really late and we 're both upset . 
 we should 've waited for another time to talk about this . '' 
 `` no , '' he countered . 
 `` let 's discuss it right now , tonight . 
 this whole thing started because you 're afraid i 'm more interested in adopting noelle than i am in marrying you . 
 correct ? '' 
 reluctantly , mary jo nodded . 
 it seemed so frivolous when he put it like that . 
 looking at him now , his eyes soft with tenderness , she wondered how she could have doubted his feelings for her . 
 `` you do love me . '' 
 his smile widened . 
 `` you 've got it . '' 
 `` okay , then let 's call it a night . 
 forget i said anything . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 mack headed for the door , opening it forcefully before turning back . 
 `` would you mind waiting just a moment ? '' 
 `` oh ... okay , i 'll wait . '' 
 mack tore out of the house and she heard him enter his own . 
 three or four minutes passed before he came back . 
 she 'd used that time to finish cleaning up . 
 mary jo looked at him expectantly as he hovered in the kitchen doorway . 
 `` i want you to know i did n't plan it like this , but i think the timing is right . '' 
 `` timing ? 
 for what ? '' 
 `` maybe you should sit down . '' 
 puzzled , she sank into a kitchen chair . 
 mack frowned and gestured at the living room . 
 `` maybe the sofa would be better . '' 
 `` the sofa , '' she repeated . 
 fine , she 'd sit on the sofa . 
 as soon as she was seated , mack paced in front of her . 
 `` i love you , mary jo . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i believe we 've established that . '' 
 `` have we ? 
 are you sure ? 
 i do n't want there to be a single doubt . 
 ever . '' 
 `` you 've reassured me , mack . 
 honestly , you have . '' 
 `` i wanted to talk to your brother first . '' 
 `` my brother ? '' 
 `` to let him know my intentions-that i 'm asking his sister to be my wife . '' 
 mary jo blinked back tears as she understood exactly what mack was doing . 
 he was about to formally propose to her . 
 her hand flew to her mouth in shock-and yet she should n't have been surprised . 
 `` mary jo . '' 
 she stood , and when she did , mack took her free hand in his . 
 `` will you marry me ? '' 
 not trusting her voice , she simply nodded . 
 mack fumbled for something in his back pocket and brought out a diamond solitaire ring . 
 `` i realize most women like to choose their own engagement bands . 
 i picked it out myself , but if you do n't like it i 'll exchange it . '' 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 in truth she could n't tell what the ring looked like because her eyes had filled with tears that blurred everything around her . 
 mack 's sweet , wonderful face swam before her . 
 mack slipped the diamond onto her ring finger . 
 `` okay , now we 're officially engaged . 
 come what may , mary jo , no matter what happens with david and with custody of noelle , you and i will face it together . 
 as husband and wife . '' 
 unable to hold back her tears , mary jo threw her arms around mack and clung to him . 
 he drew her into his embrace . 
 `` i did n't expect you to cry . '' 
 `` i ca n't help it , '' she wailed . 
 that was when mack started to laugh , and the only way she could stop him was to take his face in both hands and kiss him . 
 twenty-five leonard bellamy stood behind his massive desk as roy mcafee was escorted into his office . 
 he walked toward roy , extending his hand . 
 as they shook , roy scanned his surroundings . 
 the office was impeccably furnished . 
 pieces of modern art were prominently displayed and roy guessed that none of them were reproductions . 
 `` i appreciate your coming here , '' he said , gesturing for roy to take a seat . 
 prior business had always been done at the mcafee office , and roy was well aware that this time bellamy wanted the advantage of being in his own territory . 
 `` that 's part of the service . '' 
 roy sat in the leather chair , letting his body language convey self-assurance . 
 bellamy 's assistant brought him a cup of coffee . 
 he thanked her with a smile and took a sip . 
 bellamy reclaimed his seat . 
 `` i hope you did a thorough search on that freeloader . '' 
 `` i did , '' roy said . 
 he put the coffee on the edge of leonard 's desk and balanced his briefcase on his legs . 
 `` glad to hear it . 
 i want to pin him to the wall . 
 he thinks he can move into cedar cove , set up business and marry my daughter ? 
 i 've got news for him . 
 wyse is going to learn that i 'm not letting him ride on my good name . '' 
 roy wondered what leonard meant . 
 he 'd seen no evidence of linc exploiting bellamy 's name or influence . 
 could the other man have information he did n't ? 
 roy doubted it . 
 as for a bad report on wyse ... he suspected bellamy would be disappointed . 
 he withdrew a folder and handed it to him . 
 bellamy eagerly took it and started flipping through the pages . 
 he frowned , and his frown darkened as he read . 
 `` there 's nothing here , '' he said . 
 `` on the contrary , i 've given you a six-page report . 
 i took extra time to do an exhaustive background check and found that lincoln wyse has no police record . 
 he pays his bills on time . 
 no problems with the irs . 
 he attends church - '' `` that does n't mean anything ! 
 i go to church , too . '' 
 roy continued to outline his findings . 
 `` from everything i 've gathered , '' he concluded , `` your daughter made a good choice in the man she married . '' 
 `` i do n't get it , '' bellamy said angrily . 
 he tossed the report aside , his look sour with disappointment . 
 `` first , my wife takes up his cause and now you . '' 
 `` then your wife 's met wyse ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` without my knowledge she invited our daughter and that gold digger to dinner at the family home-keeping it from me until the last moment . 
 i refused to have any part of it . 
 later , she told me how much she enjoyed meeting him . 
 i thought kate had more sense than that , but apparently i was wrong . '' 
 roy had assumed bellamy was capable of recognizing when he 'd made a mistake ; he 'd obviously misjudged the other man . 
 bellamy was committed to the idea that lincoln wyse had married lori for his own selfish reasons . 
 nothing would change his mind , not even the truth-that linc was a decent man and that he was in love with lori . 
 `` dig deeper this time , '' leonard bellowed , slamming his fist on the desk . 
 `` there 's got to be something . 
 find it ! '' 
 roy had hoped the report would reassure bellamy ; however , that was n't happening . 
 obviously the man 's agenda was more complicated than he 'd realized . 
 roy had initially wondered if bellamy believed no man was good enough for his daughter . 
 now he discounted that assumption . 
 for whatever reason , bellamy wanted to prove he was right and lori was wrong . 
 to be fair , roy could understand bellamy 's concerns . 
 lori and linc had n't known each other long before they were married . 
 not inviting family to the wedding exacerbated the situation , and roy could appreciate that , since his own daughter had done basically the same thing . 
 he reminded himself that he had the advantage of having spent some time with pete mason . 
 bellamy knew next to nothing about lincoln wyse . 
 `` go back , and bring me some facts i can use , '' bellamy said . 
 he stood as though to dismiss roy . 
 slightly amused and yet irritated , roy remained seated . 
 `` do you think i did n't do a thorough report ? '' 
 `` i do n't like that man and i do n't trust him . 
 i have n't gotten this far in business without being a decent judge of character . 
 i 'd hoped you 'd be able to uncover what my gut told me when i met wyse . '' 
 `` as i explained , i did a complete background check . 
 in addition to all the normal sources , i interviewed business associates and friends and investigated his finances . 
 i found no evidence of gambling , excessive drinking or any other vice . 
 he has good , solid values . 
 if it were me , i 'd welcome him into my family . '' 
 `` i 'm not you , '' bellamy informed him , still standing . 
 `` i 'm telling you right now , lincoln wyse is not to be trusted . 
 he 's taken advantage of my daughter . 
 lori 's not only easy to fool , she 's rebellious . 
 she 's defied me from the time she was five years old . 
 well , with this , she went too far . '' 
 it seemed to roy that the real issue here was n't linc wyse but bellamy 's relationship with his daughter . 
 his apparent contempt for lori , for her decisions in matters of work , love and who knew what else , rankled him . 
 this was more about control than caring , more about pride than truth . 
 he recalled how bellamy had berated lori because she 'd been engaged to geoff duncan . 
 roy felt like pointing out that duncan had fooled nearly everyone . 
 he 'd managed to deceive his employer , attorney allan harris , and that was no small thing . 
 duncan was smart , although thankfully not smart enough to get away with his crimes . 
 it was grossly unfair to criticize lori for being taken in by duncan when he 'd misled almost everyone else in town . 
 ironically , duncan had resorted to theft because he 'd been in over his head-all in an effort to impress lori 's demanding father . 
 `` you mentioned that you had a connection with wyse when i hired you , '' bellamy said disparagingly . 
 `` i relied on you to be objective . 
 knowing what i do now , i can see that was a mistake . '' 
 for bellamy to question wyse 's integrity was one thing , but to raise doubts about roy 's went over the line . 
 he jumped to his feet and glared at the other man . 
 neither spoke . 
 `` i completed the job you hired me to do , '' roy finally said . 
 `` this report will stand up , despite what you want to believe . 
 wyse is a decent man . '' 
 he would defy anyone to come up with anything different . 
 `` that remains to be seen . '' 
 roy opened his briefcase and removed the envelope that contained his bill . 
 bellamy thrust his hand out to take it . 
 instead , roy tore it in two . 
 `` in future i 'd prefer if you took your business elsewhere . '' 
 he did n't wait for bellamy to respond , just grabbed his briefcase and walked out the door . 
 in a ten-minute conversation , leonard bellamy had insulted and infuriated him , to the point that roy had actually thrown away money and lucrative future jobs-and felt good about it . 
 rather than return to the office , roy drove straight home . 
 corrie , as she often did , had taken tuesday off to run errands . 
 checking his watch , he guessed she 'd be home by now . 
 his wife always had a calming effect on him . 
 he decided he would n't mention his meeting with bellamy ; that would only rile him up again and solve nothing . 
 roy applauded lori for defying her tyrant of a father . 
 when he walked in , corrie was sitting in the kitchen with several bags of groceries lined up on the counter . 
 she appeared to be deep in thought . 
 in fact , she did n't seem to notice he was home . 
 roy waved his hand playfully in front of her nose . 
 her face melted into a smile , and she automatically turned to him so he could kiss her , which he did . 
 his wife 's smile brought him peace and smoothed the sharp edges of his confrontation with bellamy . 
 `` you 're home early , '' she commented as she slid off the stool . 
 `` how 'd it go with bellamy ? '' 
 she 'd remembered . 
 well , no need to hide the events of the afternoon , then . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i wo n't bore you with the details , but i wo n't work for the man again . '' 
 she arched her brows , but if she was tempted to say i told you so , she did n't . 
 `` oh ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` we have opposing points of view , '' he said simply . 
 he gestured at the groceries . 
 `` any reason you have n't put the milk away ? '' 
 `` i was waiting for you to get home and do it for me , '' she teased . 
 grinning , he reached for the half gallon of milk and set it inside the refrigerator . 
 `` anything else that needs attention ? '' 
 `` ice cream , '' corrie cried , and searched hurriedly through the bags until she found the carton , which she shoved in the freezer . 
 this scattered behavior was odd for his practical , even-keeled wife . 
 roy walked over to the sink and turned on the faucet to pour them each a glass of cold water . 
 `` okay , what 's wrong ? '' 
 she did n't deny that she was upset . 
 `` i ran into gloria at the grocery store . '' 
 she paused as though to collect her thoughts . 
 roy knew better than to prod her . 
 she 'd tell him when she was ready . 
 `` i know linnette so well , '' she said , although roy had no idea what linnette had to do with this . 
 `` i would 've realized in a heartbeat that she was pregnant the moment i looked at her . '' 
 `` it 's a bit more difficult over the phone , '' he agreed , although he did n't know what that had to do with meeting gloria in the safeway store . 
 `` she 's upset about something and - '' `` linnette is ? '' 
 `` no , gloria . '' 
 roy was beginning to get her drift now . 
 corrie had talked to gloria and could n't read her the way she could their daughter . 
 except that gloria was their daughter , too . 
 their first daughter . 
 `` i asked her to dinner on sunday . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 spending time together was the key . 
 there were wounds to heal and relationships to build . 
 he wanted gloria to feel part of their family because she was family . 
 `` she ca n't . '' 
 `` she 's working ? '' 
 roy knew that as the most recent addition to the sheriff 's department , gloria pulled the less desirable shifts . 
 she 'd been on duty over the fourth of july , and was probably working weekends , as well . 
 `` she did n't give me a reason . '' 
 corrie was putting away the groceries . 
 `` i suggested a weekday as an alternative and she said she 'd get back to me , but i 'm afraid she wo n't . '' 
 corrie shook her head . 
 `` she 's avoiding us . '' 
 that was one possibility but his wife could be exaggerating , making unwarranted assumptions . 
 he did n't want to say that , though . 
 gloria was still a sensitive subject for them . 
 `` do you know if she 's seeing anyone ? '' 
 corrie asked him out of the blue . 
 `` dating , you mean ? '' 
 `` yes , dating . '' 
 `` not really . 
 she has n't said . 
 did she mention anyone to you ? '' 
 corrie nodded . 
 `` but not his name . '' 
 `` so you think this might be about relationship troubles ? '' 
 `` well , is n't it always ? '' 
 she challenged . 
 that seemed to be the end of the conversation . 
 roy spread the cedar cove chronicle out on the kitchen table and opened it to the crossword puzzle . 
 suddenly corrie exclaimed , `` it 's that doctor ! '' 
 roy glanced up . 
 `` what doctor ? '' 
 `` the one linnette was so keen on . 
 at the clinic . 
 i remember that he seemed more interested in gloria , and that really bothered linnette . '' 
 roy managed to conjure up a hazy memory of this . 
 linnette had liked some doctor but then given up on him and fallen for that horseman , instead . 
 cal washburn , his name was . 
 roy returned to his crossword as his wife washed fresh herbs and rolled them in a paper towel to store in a refrigerator bag . 
 he had one corner of the puzzle completed when corrie interrupted him again . 
 `` todd , '' she announced triumphantly . 
 `` no , not todd . 
 tim . '' 
 `` tim ? '' 
 `` timmons , '' she said with a snap of her fingers . 
 `` chad timmons . 
 dr. chad timmons . '' 
 he looked up and saw her watching him intently . 
 apparently something else was required of him , although he could n't figure out what . 
 `` you think gloria 's seeing this doctor and having problems with him ? '' 
 corrie nodded . 
 `` i 'm afraid she 's having major problems . '' 
 `` but gloria does n't want to talk about it . '' 
 abruptly corrie turned away , then plucked a tissue from the nearby box and held it to her eyes . 
 corrie was crying ? 
 he got up from the table and stood behind her , clasping her shoulders . 
 `` it hurts that our daughter ca n't talk to us , does n't it ? '' 
 he said quietly . 
 she sniffled , then turned and slid her arms around his middle , burying her face in his chest . 
 `` everything will work out , '' roy murmured , hoping he sounded reassuring . 
 corrie 's feelings had been hurt , and while he wanted to comfort his wife , it was understandable that gloria would choose not to share her emotions with them . 
 if she 'd had a falling-out with dr. timmons , then either the two of them would resolve the issue or they 'd go their separate ways . 
 he would 've commented on this if not for the fact that corrie started to weep in earnest . 
 huge sobs racked her shoulders . 
 then , shocking him completely , she broke away and ran down the hallway . 
 for an instant roy was too stunned to react . 
 he found her standing on the tips of her toes in front of the hall closet , reaching for a new box of tissues . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` she would n't tell me . 
 i was right there . 
 i saw it , roy . 
 i saw it and she could barely look me in the eye . 
 i tried to talk to her and she ... '' the rest was muffled as corrie tore open the box and pressed a large wad of tissues to her face . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 roy asked gently . 
 he was growing concerned . 
 this behavior of hers was n't like any he 'd seen in more than thirty years of marriage . 
 corrie lowered her hand , crumpling the tissues . 
 `` i did n't tell you earlier , but i saw what was in gloria 's cart , '' she whispered . 
 roy could n't imagine what their daughter might have purchased to cause this kind of reaction . 
 had gloria taken to eating weird food ? 
 like what ? 
 or - `` roy , '' corrie said , grabbing his sleeve . 
 `` gloria had a pregnancy test kit in her cart . '' 
 `` she 's pregnant ? '' 
 corrie started weeping again . 
 `` i think she must be . '' 
 twenty-six christie patted little christopher 's back in the hopes of coaxing a burp from the squirming infant . 
 teri sat across from her holding robbie . 
 thankfully jimmy was sound asleep in the nursery . 
 bobby was busy elsewhere , doing whatever it was bobby did . 
 although christie continued to come over on wednesdays to help her sister with the babies , she had n't seen james yet . 
 their disagreement had gone on far longer than she 'd ever expected . 
 he had n't budged , nor had she . 
 christie hated to think their relationship was over , but maybe it was , since obviously neither one was willing to make the first move . 
 `` i have n't seen james around lately , '' she told her sister cautiously . 
 christie did n't want to ask and did n't want to put up with an inquisition from teri , but curiosity had gotten the better of her . 
 always before , james had sought her out . 
 not this time . 
 she had the distinct impression he was away-traveling or perhaps simply gone . 
 or ... another possibility . 
 maybe he was keeping out of sight , waiting for her to apologize . 
 perhaps she should ; she did n't know anymore . 
 pride and stubbornness had carried her this far , but they 'd worn thin . 
 `` james has been doing a lot of traveling lately , '' teri said . 
 `` oh . '' 
 christie remembered one occasion , back in may , when bobby and james had gone on some kind of business trip . 
 other than that , bobby had n't been gone much ; when he did travel , james accompanied him . 
 he was more than bobby 's driver , he was his confidant , best friend and-although no one had ever said as much-his bodyguard . '' 
 ` oh ' ? '' 
 teri echoed . 
 `` is that all you have to say ? '' 
 christie considered the question . 
 `` all right , if you must know , james and i had a falling-out . '' 
 her sister laughed , startling christopher . 
 `` you think i do n't know this ? 
 you 've been in a bad mood for weeks . '' 
 `` that is a gross exaggeration . '' 
 christie had done her utmost to be bright and cheerful whenever she spent time with teri , pretending nothing was amiss . 
 to all outward appearances , she was doing just fine , busy with work and school . 
 given that she was at the house every wednesday , james could easily have spoken to her , if he had any interest . 
 however , he had n't taken advantage of the opportunity , and now she was wondering if he planned to end the relationship . 
 that possibility was a painful one , but she had to admit it was what she 'd started to believe . 
 christie stared down her sister . 
 `` i have made every effort to be as congenial as possible . '' 
 apparently teri had little appreciation of how difficult that had been . 
 her sister rolled her eyes . 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 `` i have so . '' 
 teri released an exaggerated sigh . 
 `` it 's taken you long enough , but thank goodness you 're coming to your senses . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 christie asked , defensive now but still curious . 
 `` you finally got up the nerve to ask about james , '' teri said , smiling down at the baby as she spoke . 
 `` has he asked about me ? '' 
 teri nodded . 
 `` tell me , '' christie urged , and edged slightly forward , eager for the tiniest bit of information . 
 `` this might come as a surprise but james can be stubborn , too , '' teri said . 
 no kidding . 
 a hundred questions flashed into her head . 
 did james miss her half as much as she missed him ? 
 did he love her ? 
 she desperately wanted to believe he did . 
 but if so , why had n't he made the slightest attempt to patch up their differences ? 
 for that matter , why had n't she ? 
 why did she always sabotage herself like this ? 
 instead of approaching james with the goal of reconciliation , she 'd plowed ahead with her studies , getting a 's on several tests , working long hours and doing everything she could not to think about him . 
 she 'd even cleaned her oven , which gave her a sense of accomplishment and a feeling of righteousness . 
 `` what did he ask about me ? '' 
 christie inquired , unwilling to pretend disinterest for another minute . 
 `` oh , nothing much . 
 he wanted to know how you were-that sort of thing . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 disappointment fell heavily on her shoulders . 
 `` he 's been traveling a lot , '' teri reiterated , placing emphasis on the he . 
 `` traveling with bobby ? '' 
 her sister was trying to tell her something important , although christie had never been much good at reading between the lines . 
 `` traveling with and without bobby , '' teri clarified . 
 christie frowned . 
 `` whatever you want to say , would you just say it ? '' 
 `` i would 've told you a whole lot sooner if you 'd asked , '' teri said , and pressed her lips primly together . 
 `` okay , fine . 
 i 'm asking now . '' 
 teri 's face lit up and she grew excited . 
 `` james invented an online game that he and bobby have been working on day and night for weeks . '' 
 `` online game ? '' 
 christie repeated . 
 `` a chess game ? '' 
 `` sort of , '' her sister explained . 
 `` it starts out with a chessboard and two players . '' 
 that did n't seem to warrant the enthusiasm teri displayed . 
 `` okay , but what 's the big deal ? 
 i 'm sure there are plenty of those . '' 
 `` this one 's different . 
 when a player makes a particular move on the chessboard , he or she enters a parallel universe , which is set in medieval times . 
 the player is confronted with knights and beasts and can end up in the same world or in different worlds at different times . 
 it 's complicated . 
 the game 's been compared to world of warcraft . 
 there are sixty levels and james has been asked to create more . '' 
 `` is bobby involved ? '' 
 `` yes , but minimally . 
 this has been great for bobby and james . 
 the idea came from james and he did most of the work . 
 it sold , christie , and it sold big . '' 
 `` big ? '' 
 `` really big . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 james had n't shared any of this success with her . 
 no wonder he had n't been in touch . 
 he had lots of things on his mind-and they did n't include her . 
 `` is that all you have to say ? '' 
 teri looked dumbfounded by her lack of reaction . 
 `` i 'm ... happy for him . '' 
 `` you do n't act very happy . '' 
 she made a genuine attempt to smile . 
 a moment later she noticed that teri was staring at the entrance to the kitchen ; christie glanced up to see james standing there , looking healthy and vital and just so ... good . 
 her sister immediately stood . 
 `` i 'm putting robbie in his crib , '' she whispered , blatantly an excuse to leave christie and james alone . 
 christie waited until her sister had left . 
 `` i. . . 
 i understand congratulations are in order . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he moved slowly into the family room , hands buried in his pockets . 
 `` it 's nice to see you . '' 
 `` you , too , '' she returned cheerfully , wondering if the intense effort that required was as obvious as it felt . 
 `` i 've missed you . '' 
 so he was the first to admit it ... gazing down at the baby , she whispered , `` i 've missed you , too . '' 
 `` i guess teri told you about polgar world ? '' 
 `` that 's the name ? '' 
 she asked , looking up . 
 james took the seat across from her that teri had vacated . 
 `` bobby was kind enough to lend his name . 
 we got word of the sale yesterday ... '' `` just yesterday ? '' 
 james leaned back . 
 `` my agent 's been in negotiations with two companies . '' 
 `` you have an agent ? '' 
 that made her question how many other secrets he 'd kept from her . 
 he did n't respond . 
 `` i 've been waiting , christie . '' 
 she looked up , struggling to hide how hurt she was . 
 `` waiting ? '' 
 `` you said you 'd come to me when you were ready to forgive and forget . '' 
 `` did n't i say the same thing to you ? 
 it does n't do any good for me to forgive and forget if you ca n't , does it ? '' 
 `` no , i do n't suppose it does . '' 
 he did n't say anything else for another lengthy moment . 
 christie almost wished christopher would wake up and wail to distract her from this anguish-and to give voice to her own discontent . 
 `` where do we stand , then ? '' 
 he finally asked . 
 `` i. . . 
 do n't know . 
 i. . . 
 i 'd give anything to be able to wipe the slate clean and be the woman you deserve . '' 
 her mouth was so dry she could hardly speak . 
 `` i ca n't do that , but i ca n't live with the threat of you throwing it in my face every time we disagree , either . '' 
 `` and i ca n't live with you constantly bringing up the fact that i let you down when i. . . 
 left . '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 james urged when she hesitated . 
 `` why did n't you tell me about polgar world ? '' 
 she blurted out . 
 the question seemed to hang in the air . 
 before he answered , james exhaled deeply . 
 `` i feel that i 've failed at almost everything i 've tried to do in my life . 
 the idea for the game came to me two years ago . 
 i 've been developing it for the past year and a half . 
 i did n't even tell bobby until six months ago . 
 i could live with failing , but i could n't live with disappointing you . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 an inadequate response , but the best she could manage . 
 `` i figured if and when it was a success , i 'd come to you . '' 
 `` you did n't , though . '' 
 `` i 'm here now . 
 i did n't just happen to stop by the house . 
 i saw your car outside and i could n't stay away . '' 
 christie stared up at him , eyes wide . 
 `` the thing is , i thought i 'd be the happiest man alive when this game sold . '' 
 `` are n't you ? '' 
 he had every reason to celebrate . 
 `` not if i ca n't share it with you . '' 
 a tentative smile came and went . 
 she smiled back . 
 `` i love you , christie . 
 i 'm tired of being alone , tired of my pride . '' 
 `` pride does n't really keep you warm at night , does it ? '' 
 she was speaking for herself as well as him . 
 he stood then and moved toward her with his usual long strides , taking the seat beside her . 
 `` i want us to get married . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 not the most elegant answer , perhaps , but it got the point across . 
 `` it 's not like we 're kids who do n't know what they want . '' 
 `` i want you , '' she said , her voice cracking . 
 `` bobby and teri were married in vegas ... '' `` we could make it a family tradition , '' she suggested . 
 james grinned . 
 `` i could n't agree with you more . 
 hey , are you doing anything this weekend ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yeah , i am , '' she said , then sent him a huge smile . 
 `` i 'm getting married . '' 
 `` good , because so am i. '' he reached for her and she went willingly into his arms , almost forgetting christopher . 
 between kisses james murmured , `` no more arguments . '' 
 `` well , that 's unlikely , but at least we know we can get past them . '' 
 her lips lingered on his . 
 `` oh , james , i 'm so happy for you . '' 
 he gave her a loving kiss . 
 `` i 'm marrying you and that makes me happier than anything . '' 
 `` should we tell teri and bobby ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` we heard , '' bobby said from the kitchen . 
 james straightened and looked over at them . 
 `` i 'm going to need a best man . '' 
 `` he 'll be there and so will i , '' teri said , standing next to her husband . 
 bobby had his arm around teri 's shoulders . 
 `` i 'll be the matron of honor , '' teri added . 
 christie would n't have had it any other way . 
 twenty-seven gloria needed to tell chad that their night together had consequences . 
 she was pregnant . 
 he had a right to know . 
 it 'd been more than a month since he 'd moved away . 
 when she 'd called his old phone number , she was given a number with a tacoma area code . 
 so she 'd guessed correctly . 
 chad had taken the job with tacoma general to work in their e.r. . 
 what surprised gloria was how much she missed him since he 'd left . 
 that was n't even logical . 
 they were n't a couple ; in fact , she 'd refused to see him again . 
 the only thing to which she could attribute this sense of loss was the comfort she 'd found in knowing he was close at hand . 
 if she 'd wished to , she could 've sought him out . 
 she had n't , though . 
 instead , she 'd made every effort to banish him from her thoughts . 
 but nothing had worked . 
 and now ... now she was pregnant with his child . 
 this baby was the result of their irresponsible behavior , yes , but ... she 'd never been happier . 
 while this new life was about to turn her own upside down , she felt the most incredible sensation of joy . 
 she wanted chad 's baby , and she was sure that when she told him , chad would be happy , too . 
 because of the baby , she had no choice but to confront her fears about her relationship with chad . 
 he 'd knocked down all the protective barriers she 'd so carefully set up . 
 because of the baby she could n't rebuild them . 
 the baby made her vulnerable . 
 she had to admit she did love chad . 
 she needed him . 
 her parents ' deaths had forever shaped her future . 
 when she 'd found her birth family , gloria had expected these strangers to fill the empty places in her heart . 
 that was unreasonable ; she saw that now . 
 it was while she was struggling to reinvent her life , to find a new family , that gloria had met chad . 
 a few weeks ago , when she suspected she might be carrying his child , she 'd nearly panicked . 
 this could n't be happening . 
 but despite her fears , she 'd gradually come to accept that this baby was her new family . 
 hers and chad 's . 
 once she saw the pregnancy in this light , she began to feel a sense of peace . 
 after she 'd done the home pregnancy test , she made a doctor 's appointment . 
 the next step was to tell chad . 
 she realized the news would come as a shock ; it had to her . 
 she assumed his reaction would be similar . 
 she 'd give him time to adjust , and then they could make their decisions about the future . 
 decisions and plans ... she knew it would be a future together . 
 chad loved her . 
 he 'd said so . 
 and while she 'd been hesitant to admit it , she loved him , too . 
 the drive into tacoma took thirty minutes . 
 gloria used that time to rehearse how she planned to break the news to chad . 
 she had his new address , which was close to the hospital . 
 the reverse telephone directory had even included his apartment number . 
 she did n't see his car in the parking area , but she rang his doorbell and waited . 
 as she 'd feared , he was n't home . 
 she should probably have phoned ahead , but she had n't , primarily because she was afraid she 'd blurt out everything then and there . 
 and that would 've been unfair . 
 no , a face-to-face meeting was better . 
 her other option was to go to the hospital . 
 she 'd see him , however briefly , and they could arrange a time to talk . 
 as luck would have it , she arrived just as the shift changed , so she decided to wait . 
 her news would be shocking enough without adding to the drama by asking to speak to him privately while he was on duty . 
 she located his car in the staff parking lot and steered into a space two rows over , where she could keep his car in view . 
 ten minutes later she saw him . 
 except he was n't alone . 
 an attractive blonde woman walked with him . 
 they were deeply involved in conversation , his head leaning close to hers . 
 chad laughed frequently as they talked ; clearly they enjoyed each other 's company . 
 gloria watched him escort the blonde to her car . 
 her heart plummeted when he bent to kiss her passionately . 
 then he stepped back and waited as she pulled out of her parking space and drove off . 
 when chad started toward his car , gloria sat , unmoving , in her own . 
 he opened his door , then looked up and paused . 
 he 'd caught sight of her . 
 with no choice now , she climbed out of her car . 
 chad walked over , and judging by the frown that darkened his face , he was n't happy to see her . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he asked bluntly . 
 the answer should be obvious . 
 `` i came to see you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 this was her opportunity to explain the reason for her visit . 
 and yet ... she could n't . 
 `` i thought i made myself clear in our last conversation , '' he said stiffly . 
 he thrust his hands in his pockets . 
 `` i 'm through with our hot-and-cold relationship , gloria . 
 i hung around cedar cove far longer than i should have , wanting to give us a chance . 
 i honestly hoped we could make a go of it , but you let me know you were n't interested . '' 
 she had no defense . 
 that was exactly what she 'd done . 
 `` when i left , i told you i was finished and i meant it . 
 you are n't good for me . '' 
 `` no , i do n't suppose i am , '' she agreed sadly . 
 `` i 'm starting over here in tacoma and you know what ? 
 i like my life . '' 
 `` i see you have a. . . 
 friend . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 he did n't embellish but simply confirmed the fact . 
 `` i ca n't argue with anything you said . 
 i wish you well , chad , i really do . 
 i apologize for - '' `` no need , '' he said , cutting her off . 
 `` you taught me some valuable lessons . '' 
 she merely nodded , unable to speak . 
 with the pregnancy , her emotions had become volatile ; she did n't want to risk embarrassing herself or him , so she offered him a smile . 
 what she wanted was to tell him about the baby , but she could n't do it . 
 he 'd begun a new life , a new relationship . 
 some might argue that it was n't ethical to keep the baby a secret , but that was what she intended to do . 
 was n't it fairer to him that way ? 
 she could see to it that one night of his previous life , one night in an ill-fated relationship , would n't return to damage his future hopes and dreams . 
 with the decision made , she turned away , got back in her car and sped out of the parking lot . 
 the tears came as she headed home to cedar cove . 
 by the time she exited the freeway she was a mess . 
 her eyes were puffy and red and the seat next to her was piled with crumpled tissues . 
 hardly aware of what she was doing , gloria was mildly surprised to find herself in front of the mcafee home on harbor street . 
 she needed her mother . 
 at one point in her own life , corrie had been in the same situation as gloria . 
 she 'd know what to do , how to guide her . 
 she wiped her face and walked up the steps to the door . 
 if roy answered , gloria had no idea what she 'd say . 
 he did . 
 taking one look at gloria , he whirled around and called out , `` corrie ! '' 
 there was an urgency in his voice , and corrie appeared almost immediately . 
 roy stepped aside and corrie took gloria by the hand and led her into the house , straight to the kitchen . 
 pulling a chair out from the table , she sat gloria down and then sat beside her , still holding her hand . 
 gloria discovered she could n't say a word . 
 not a solitary word . 
 every time she opened her mouth , nothing came out . 
 after several futile attempts , she stopped trying . 
 instead , she held a clump of tissues to her eyes and wept loudly . 
 corrie moved away from the table long enough to make two mugs of decaffeinated tea . 
 roy briefly entered the kitchen and promptly left . 
 `` i 'll be in the other room if you need me , '' he said on his way out the door . 
 he seemed grateful that nothing was expected of him . 
 `` here , '' corrie said soothingly . 
 `` drink this . '' 
 gloria did . 
 the hot liquid eased the ache in her throat . 
 the mug held in both hands spread warmth through her chilled body . 
 when her vision cleared , gloria saw that corrie 's eyes were brimming with tears . 
 `` i 'm pregnant , '' gloria whispered . 
 `` i suspected it . '' 
 corrie patted her hand gently . 
 `` i saw the pregnancy kit when i ran into you at the grocery store . '' 
 `` i was n't sure . 
 you ... you did n't say anything . '' 
 `` no , i did n't , '' she said . 
 `` i wanted you to trust me enough to come to me . 
 i 'm so glad you did . '' 
 leaning over , she wrapped gloria in her loving embrace . 
 a number of times in the past corrie had hugged her and gloria had responded , although it had all seemed rather forced . 
 not this time . 
 they clung to each other in mutual understanding . 
 `` when i first learned i was pregnant with you , it felt as if the world had come to an end , '' corrie said in a low voice as they moved apart . 
 gloria made a sound that was half tearful , half amused . 
 `` i felt like that , too . '' 
 `` roy and i were n't seeing each other anymore and he was dating some cheerleader . '' 
 gloria lowered her head . 
 `` did you tell him when you found out ? '' 
 `` no . 
 what good would it 've done for him to know ? 
 we were so young ... i was still in my teens . 
 he was out of my life , and i was too stubborn and too hurt to go to him . 
 right or wrong , i believed this was my problem and i 'd deal with it myself . '' 
 `` you went home ? '' 
 `` yes , i dropped out of college for the rest of the school year and returned to oregon to live with my parents . 
 they were wonderful , helping me decide what was best for you-and for me . '' 
 tears slipped down corrie 's face . 
 `` i loved you so much ... you 'll never know how hard it was to give you up for adoption . '' 
 now it was gloria who comforted her mother ; she drew her close and murmured words of love and reassurance . 
 they held each other for several minutes . 
 when they reached for tissues at the same time , they both laughed , soft , embarrassed laughter . 
 gloria sipped her tea and took a moment to compose her thoughts . 
 `` when ... when did you tell ... dad ? '' 
 these were all questions gloria had wanted to ask ; she 'd never found the courage . 
 facing her own pregnancy without the baby 's father gave her an entirely different perspective on her mother 's situation . 
 the rejection she 'd felt , the feelings of resentment she 'd experienced at being denied the joy of growing up with her brother and sister , evaporated . 
 her mother had loved her and had done the best she could under the circumstances . 
 `` roy did n't know about you until you were over a year old . '' 
 he had n't known about her until she 'd already taken her first steps . 
 `` what made you decide to tell him ? '' 
 corrie hung her head . 
 `` i went back to school and we met on campus at the library . 
 it was all rather awkward , as you can imagine . 
 i did n't want to see him , and at the same time i did , if that makes any sense ? '' 
 `` it does . '' 
 `` we started dating again . 
 i 'd never stopped loving him , but i was n't willing to let him break my heart a second time . 
 when he asked me to marry him , i felt he needed to know about you . '' 
 she exhaled shakily and reached for her tea with a trembling hand . 
 `` he was upset with me , gloria , terribly , terribly upset . 
 i 've never seen roy like that , before or since . 
 he was so ... angry . '' 
 gloria peered into the other room and saw that roy was working on the computer , his back to her . 
 `` we agreed that we would n't discuss it again and we both accepted that we had a daughter we 'd never know , but would always love . '' 
 she paused to get control of her emotions before she continued . 
 `` then you came back into our lives and i ca n't tell you how happy that 's made us . '' 
 `` thank you , mom , '' gloria whispered . 
 it was the first time she 'd ever addressed corrie as her mother . 
 it had always been corrie and roy , but from this point forward they 'd be mom and dad . 
 `` okay , '' corrie said , slowly releasing her breath . 
 `` how can i help you ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know yet . 
 it 's still pretty new . '' 
 `` does ... does the father know ? '' 
 gloria shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 and i 'm not going to tell him . '' 
 she 'd already made that decision and it was one she meant to keep . 
 corrie studied her for several seconds before she spoke . 
 `` i just told you how upset your father was that i withheld the information from him . '' 
 `` i know . 
 but in my case i feel this is the right thing to do . '' 
 `` at the time i did , too , '' her mother said . 
 `` mom , please support me in this . '' 
 again , corrie hesitated and then nodded . 
 `` if you 're sure that 's what you want , then that 's what i 'll do . '' 
 `` i want to raise my baby-at least , that 's my thought for now . 
 i might have a change of heart later , but for right now that 's my plan . '' 
 `` your father and i will support whatever decision you make , '' corrie said solemnly . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she 'd been certain her mother would say that but was grateful to hear it . 
 `` linnette 's pregnant , too , so roy and i are going to become grandparents twice within a twelve-month period . '' 
 corrie 's face beamed with joy and anticipation . 
 `` i should tell ... dad . '' 
 gloria drank the rest of her tea , then went into the other room . 
 roy 's computer was set up in a small alcove there , and gloria saw that he was checking stock prices . 
 when he sensed her presence , he turned to look up at her . 
 `` did you and your mother have a good talk ? '' 
 gloria nodded , swallowing hard . 
 telling her father about the baby was even more difficult than she 'd expected . 
 `` i 'm going to make you a grandfather . '' 
 `` so i understand , '' roy said . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` is there anything you need me to do ? '' 
 at first , his meaning was n't clear , and then gloria understood that he was asking if she wanted him to confront the baby 's father . 
 `` everything 's fine . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 `` very sure . '' 
 he returned to the computer screen . 
 `` it 's been a lot of years since we 've had babies in this family , '' she heard him say . 
 `` high time we did again . '' 
 twenty-eight `` i think taking your parents to dinner is a lovely idea , '' mary jo said as she slid into the booth across from mack at d.d. 's on the cove . 
 they 'd arrived first and been seated . 
 linc and lori had agreed to watch noelle for the evening . 
 the baby , familiar with her aunt and uncle , had gone to them without a fuss . 
 `` are n't you the one who said we should tell them about the engagement over dinner ? '' 
 mack smiled . 
 he picked up the wine list and began to study it while mary jo read over the menu . 
 `` when i suggested dinner , i assumed i 'd cook . '' 
 `` this is a celebration , '' mack said . 
 he reached for her left hand , and she flexed her fingers , showing off her diamond ring . 
 `` i did n't want you to have to do all that extra work . '' 
 this man who would soon be her husband was considerate , thoughtful , loving . 
 as it stood now , mary jo was n't sure what they were going to do regarding david . 
 his presence in their lives hung over them like a storm cloud . 
 either it would eventually blow past or it would rain down upon them in torrents . 
 mary jo was braced for whatever happened , whatever the future held . 
 one thing was certain ; she would n't allow david to take noelle away from her . 
 mack would n't , either . 
 they 'd stand side by side and face any threat from david together . 
 `` here 's mom now , '' mack said . 
 he stood to greet his mother as the hostess escorted her to their booth . 
 corrie kissed her son 's cheek and smiled down at mary jo , who held her left hand under the table , in her lap . 
 `` roy 's parking the car . 
 we got caught in traffic . '' 
 `` traffic ? '' 
 mack repeated with a laugh . 
 `` you could walk to the restaurant . '' 
 the mcafee family home was up the hill , only five or six blocks from the waterfront . 
 `` true , '' corrie admitted , `` however , we did drive and we had to wait at the stoplight . '' 
 mack shook his head . 
 `` you 've been away from seattle too long . '' 
 mack 's mother smiled as she pulled a menu toward her . 
 mary jo had already chosen her meal . 
 the fresh alaskan halibut , steamed and then topped with shrimp , cheese and a dollop of sour cream sounded delicious . 
 her brothers had always been meat-and-potatoes people and she rarely cooked fish . 
 now that she was living on her own , she took every opportunity to sample the bounty of the pacific northwest . 
 roy joined them , sitting in the booth next to mack . 
 `` sorry we 're late , '' he said . 
 they were n't , not really . 
 well , maybe a minute or two . 
 mack got his promptness from his family , mary jo thought . 
 this was another admirable trait he shared with his parents . 
 `` roy , '' corrie said , glancing up from her menu , `` on your way in , did you notice that the special of the day is oysters ? '' 
 `` fresh from hood canal , '' mack added . 
 `` that 's what i 'm having . '' 
 roy did n't bother to pick up his menu . 
 `` sounds good to me , too . '' 
 corrie continued to study the offerings . 
 `` everything looks so wonderful , it 's hard to decide . '' 
 `` while you 're thinking , '' roy said , `` i 'd like to say this dinner invitation is a pleasant surprise . 
 it is n't every day one of our children treats us to a meal out . '' 
 `` there 's a very good reason , '' mack said , smiling tenderly at mary jo . 
 `` i suspected as much . '' 
 roy leaned back in his seat and crossed his arms . 
 `` you want my help , right ? '' 
 `` help ? '' 
 mary jo asked in confusion . 
 `` with jacob dennison 's letters . 
 i talked to mack about it the other day and he said the two of you have hit a dead end . '' 
 `` well , yes , '' mary jo began , `` but that 's - '' `` actually , dad , '' mack said , gently cutting off mary jo 's response . 
 `` we could definitely use some help with that if you have the time . '' 
 `` i like nothing better than solving a good mystery . '' 
 he sent his wife a smug glance as he spoke . 
 corrie sighed and directed her question to mack . 
 `` that 's the reason you asked us to dinner ? '' 
 `` well , no . '' 
 he was about to explain when the waiter came for their drink order . 
 `` i believe we 're all having fish , '' roy said . 
 `` so i suggest a white wine . '' 
 `` we 'll take a bottle of your best champagne , '' mack told the waiter , ignoring his father 's advice . 
 `` it is n't every day a man gets engaged . '' 
 at his announcement , corrie nearly flew out of her seat . 
 `` i knew it ! 
 i just knew it . '' 
 grinning , mary jo raised her left hand , and corrie shrieked with delight . 
 `` oh , mack , i 'm thrilled . 
 and the ring 's beautiful . '' 
 she took mary jo by the shoulders and hugged her close . 
 `` this is absolutely perfect . 
 one day we 're longing to be grandparents and then suddenly we discover we 're going to have three . '' 
 `` three ? '' 
 mack said , looking bewildered . 
 `` is linnette having twins ? '' 
 roy , as usual , got straight to the point . 
 `` it 's gloria , '' he said . 
 `` gloria , '' mack repeated , frowning . 
 `` i did n't even know she was seeing anyone . '' 
 `` we did n't , either , '' corrie told him . 
 `` we only just heard the news ourselves ... i probably should 've let her tell you herself . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you said something , '' mack said , concern in his voice . 
 `` let 's get back to you and mary jo , '' corrie said eagerly . 
 `` have you set a date ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' mary jo said . 
 `` but soon , '' mack insisted . 
 she nodded as they locked eyes . 
 `` i 'm thinking august , '' mack said next . 
 `` august ? '' 
 mary jo and corrie chimed in simultaneously . 
 `` mack , '' corrie said , pressing her hand over her heart . 
 `` that 's next month ! '' 
 mack looked from his mother to mary jo . 
 `` is that a problem ? '' 
 mary jo did n't know how to answer . 
 `` i. . . 
 we have n't discussed what kind of wedding we 're going to have . '' 
 between mack 's schedule and her own , they had n't had time to go over the details of their engagement . 
 nor had they given any thought at all to the wedding itself or a honeymoon or anything else . 
 `` do you want a church wedding ? '' 
 roy asked . 
 `` i do , '' mary jo answered . 
 `` i guess , '' was mack 's reply . 
 `` you guess ? '' 
 mary jo muttered , and rolled her eyes . 
 `` okay , okay , '' mack said , recovering quickly , `` i definitely want a church wedding . '' 
 `` what about a reception ? '' 
 mary jo and mack both nodded . 
 `` would you two want a dinner with the reception ? '' 
 corrie asked . 
 mary jo had n't considered that . 
 it sounded more expensive than they 'd be able to afford . 
 `` would a cake , maybe some mixed nuts and those colorful mints be enough ? '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' corrie assured her . 
 `` if mary jo wants a dinner , that 's okay by me , '' mack said decisively . 
 corrie smiled at her son . 
 `` serving a dinner might mean postponing the wedding by a month or two , '' she explained . 
 `` these things take time and planning . '' 
 mack shook his head . 
 `` then we can do without the meal . '' 
 mary jo could n't hold back a laugh . 
 mack 's eagerness to marry her was endearing-and it also sent a chill of excitement through her . 
 excitement about the days and nights ahead ... the champagne arrived and they ordered their meals . 
 once their flutes were filled , roy offered a lovely toast . 
 mack 's normally succinct father was downright lyrical and his kind words brought tears to her eyes . 
 for most of the meal they discussed wedding plans , to the point that mary jo 's head started to spin . 
 she 'd only drunk half a glass of champagne or she might 've thought the alcohol was affecting her . 
 watching mack with his parents , seeing how close he was to linnette , she recognized once again that this was a man she could trust . 
 mack had been brought up with the same values she had . 
 knowing ben , she realized david had been raised that way , too , but at some point , years before , he 'd abandoned those values for his own selfish purposes . 
 their dinners were served and mary jo 's halibut was every bit as good as she 'd imagined . 
 better . 
 perhaps it was because of the occasion ; she could n't tell . 
 mack 's family had welcomed her , accepting her and noelle without question , without voicing a single doubt . 
 how fortunate she was to marry into a family like this ! 
 as they ordered coffee , mack returned to the subject of the letters . 
 `` dad , you mentioned jacob dennison when you first got here . '' 
 `` i did . 
 your mother and i had a small wager going . '' 
 `` and i won , '' corrie said , looking pleased with herself . 
 `` your father assumed your dinner invitation had to do with those letters . '' 
 `` and your mother assumed it was because you two had something important to tell us . '' 
 `` which they did , '' corrie stated gleefully . 
 `` i would like to remind you , '' roy said with a comical scowl , `` that you made the same assumption once before and you were totally off base . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 corrie nodded . 
 `` i was then , but i 'm not now . '' 
 mack held up his hand . 
 `` the thing is , mary jo and i ran into a problem in our research . 
 so we kind of dropped it for a while . '' 
 `` it 's been fascinating , learning about world war ii , '' she told them . 
 `` mack and i rented the movie the longest day and we found out even more about the normandy invasion . '' 
 `` jacob was part of the 101st airborne unit that dropped in behind enemy lines , '' mack reminded them . 
 `` one group missed their target and landed right inside sainte-mere-eglise , only to be mowed down by the germans , '' mary jo said . 
 `` it was horrible . '' 
 she 'd hardly been able to watch the scene , especially since the man who 'd written those beautiful letters might well have been one of the young soldiers who 'd lost his life there . 
 `` i believe the group you mean was the 82nd airborne , '' mack inserted . 
 `` i saw that movie , too , '' roy said . 
 `` years ago . '' 
 he rubbed the side of his face . 
 `` did n't the men who parachuted in have a clicking device ? '' 
 `` yes , '' mack confirmed , `` the clickers were handed out so the men could find one another . 
 they were to click once and those replying were to click twice . '' 
 `` they dropped dummies in parachutes , too , '' roy said . 
 `` they exploded on impact and confused the enemy . '' 
 `` getting back to the letters ... what stumps us is the fact that they stop after that one in early june 1944 , '' mary jo said . 
 for her own satisfaction if nothing else , she wanted to learn his fate , even if he 'd been killed . 
 all they knew was that he had n't been listed among those buried in france or among the known dead . 
 `` are you sure jacob 's his actual first name ? '' 
 `` that 's how he signs all his letters , '' mack said . 
 `` he - '' `` mack , '' mary jo broke in softly . 
 he glanced at her . 
 `` if you wrote me , you 'd sign your letters ` mack , ' right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` but your given name is jerome . '' 
 mack 's eyes widened . 
 `` i had n't thought of that . 
 there were other dennisons included on the website . '' 
 `` let 's go back and check , '' mary jo said excitedly . 
 `` there 's another possibility , '' roy murmured . 
 `` what ? '' 
 mary jo wished now that they 'd taken this to roy earlier . 
 talking to him had given them a new approach . 
 if they found jacob , if he was still alive or even if he was n't but had family , they might also be able to learn joan 's fate . 
 `` what 's your idea ? '' 
 mack asked his father . 
 `` you said he is n't listed among those who were killed ? '' 
 `` that we know of , '' mack said . 
 mary jo felt it was important to add , `` we could n't find a list of the wounded , though-so he might 've been injured and shipped home . '' 
 `` but we discounted that , '' mack said . 
 `` if he was injured , he still would 've had a way of getting in touch . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 mary jo nodded . 
 `` if he was injured , he could 've written eventually or had someone write for him . '' 
 mary jo was convinced that if jacob had been capable of it , he would 've found a way to tell joan he 'd survived . 
 `` he might have been captured , '' roy suggested . 
 `` captured , '' mack echoed . 
 `` you mean taken as a prisoner of war ? 
 we did n't even consider that . '' 
 mary jo stared at roy , stunned . 
 how could they have overlooked such an obvious possibility ? 
 `` well , i guess we 'll be doing some more research . 
 you 've certainly given us something to think about , '' mack said . 
 `` thanks , dad . '' 
 `` no , thank you , '' corrie told him . 
 `` it 'll be a long time before i let your father live down the fact that i was right . '' 
 she gleefully rubbed her palms together . 
 `` we 're going to love having you and noelle as part of our family , mary jo . '' 
 and mary jo was going to love being a mcafee , too . 
 twenty-nine bellamy towers . 
 linc stared up at the four-story building in bremerton , feeling his mouth go dry . 
 he 'd got the address of his father-in-law 's office out of the telephone directory but he 'd only had the street name and number . 
 he was shocked to discover that bellamy obviously owned the whole complex . 
 he knew from visiting the family home that lori came from money ; what astonished him was how much . 
 he needed to speak to his father-in-law . 
 pacing back and forth in the parking lot , linc realized that in his present frame of mind he 'd make a mess of this . 
 he was too angry to think logically or speak calmly . 
 linc had a temper , which he tended to fire off quickly ; with enough provocation he 'd say something he could n't take back . 
 this conversation was too important to be ruled by emotion . 
 he needed a clear head and cool reason . 
 just as he was finally ready to enter the building , out came leonard bellamy . 
 the other man frowned when he saw linc . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 bellamy demanded . 
 linc bit back a sarcastic reply . 
 he felt like telling lori 's father that he was in the area and thought they could go for a beer together . 
 instead , he spoke in as polite a tone as he could manage . 
 `` i 'd like to talk to you for a couple of minutes . '' 
 `` i 'm busy . '' 
 bellamy attempted to step around him . 
 linc blocked his move . 
 `` unfortunately , i have a lot of time on my hands and my guess is you know why . '' 
 the man had set out to ruin his business and had just about succeeded . 
 linc could n't hang on much longer . 
 he 'd been able to find out that bellamy had told certain influential people in cedar cove and adjoining communities that linc was a gold digger who 'd married his daughter for her money . 
 bellamy had also tried to thwart him by delaying his license application . 
 when that did n't shut linc down , he 'd apparently spread false rumors . 
 not that linc could prove it , but there 'd been hints . 
 mack mcafee had made a point of telling him that he 'd heard bellamy was `` out to get '' him . 
 linc had spoken to his attorney , who said there was basically nothing to be done . 
 he could file a suit for slander or for restraint of trade but linc would rather end this than take his father-in-law to court-especially with a weak , hearsay case . 
 long before he 'd set up his shop he 'd done extensive research on the area . 
 only because he felt he could make a go of it had he decided to branch out into cedar cove ; otherwise , he would 've continued his commute into seattle . 
 based on his findings , he 'd obtained a loan from a local bank to cover his start-up costs and he 'd drawn on his savings , sinking most of the money into remodeling the garage . 
 as part of his research , linc had gone to visit various local insurance claim adjusters . 
 these were the people who generally sent work his way . 
 he 'd talked to a number of them before he 'd made his decision to move . 
 every one of them had assured him there was a need for his business . 
 when the promised work did n't come , linc went to see them all again . 
 on his second series of visits linc found his reception much cooler . 
 the adjusters had no work to send him and were n't interested in receiving his bids . 
 when he dug deeper , linc learned that bellamy was good friends with someone high up in the state insurance commissioner 's office . 
 linc could n't prove that bellamy had used their friendship to influence the adjusters but it all added up . 
 he 'd purchased a garage that had sat in disrepair for several years , cleaned it up and remodeled it . 
 then he 'd hired two employees . 
 now these employees were twiddling their thumbs while linc paid their wages from his dwindling reserves . 
 another month like the last one , and he 'd have no choice but to close his doors . 
 `` i said i do n't have time , nor do i have the desire to speak with you , '' bellamy said in a tone few would question . 
 `` now kindly step aside . '' 
 `` you 're spreading lies about me in the community . '' 
 bellamy 's attitude made linc reconsider the advisability of taking him to court . 
 but the idea went in and out of his mind in seconds . 
 much as he disliked bellamy , the man was lori 's father . 
 linc refused to jeopardize that relationship-or at least jeopardize it any more than bellamy already had himself . 
 `` we can make this all go away , '' bellamy said , his mood suddenly more affable . 
 `` with a snap of my fingers , i can set things straight for you . '' 
 linc hesitated . 
 the man had essentially confirmed everything he 'd suspected . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` leave my daughter . '' 
 `` leave lori ? '' 
 linc could n't believe what he was hearing . 
 `` i 'll buy you out , make all the trouble you went to in getting that garage set up worth your while . 
 all i ask is that you walk away from my daughter and do n't look back . '' 
 how friendly he sounded . 
 how cordial . 
 linc 's financial difficulties would disappear if he abandoned his wife . 
 linc stared at him , still unable to believe that even bellamy would suggest such a thing . 
 `` i hear you 're late with last month 's payment to the bank . '' 
 the only way bellamy would know that was if someone from the bank had fed him the information . 
 `` you made a mistake when you married my daughter . '' 
 his tone grew threatening again . 
 `` you saw her as an easy target . '' 
 `` i saw her as the most incredible woman i 've ever known , '' linc countered . 
 he meant it-meant it with everything in him . 
 bellamy snickered . 
 `` and that 's why you married her ... what , two weeks after you met ? '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 after meeting lori 's mother , linc felt he should have insisted to lori that they wait . 
 in their haste to get married , linc had planted the seeds of suspicion within her family . 
 in retrospect he would 've preferred to meet her parents first and give them the opportunity to know him . 
 bellamy might still have objected , but at least linc would 've made the effort . 
 at least he would 've created the beginnings of a relationship . 
 `` there 's still time to fix this , '' bellamy said . 
 `` you want me to leave lori ? '' 
 he shook his head as he said the words . 
 `` divorce her . '' 
 the words hit him with such force , linc stumbled back two steps . 
 `` i realize i was wrong . 
 i should 've come and talked to you first before marrying lori . 
 i should have - '' red-faced , bellamy leaned closer and when he spoke it was through gritted teeth . 
 `` where you were wrong , young man , was in thinking you could get to me through my daughter . '' 
 `` get to you ? '' 
 the man seemed to assume the entire world revolved around him and his bank account . 
 `` i did n't even know who you were . '' 
 bellamy started to scoff but linc talked right over him . 
 `` i married lori because i 'm in love with her . 
 as for leaving her , i 'd rather die first . '' 
 bellamy laughed in his face . 
 `` we both know my daughter 's incapable of making a decent decision . 
 she 's an empty-headed - '' linc had heard enough . 
 he grabbed bellamy by his fancy suit lapels and jerked him forward . 
 `` do n't ever speak about my wife like that again , '' he snapped . 
 `` lori has brains and integrity , and if you do n't see that in her , i pity you . '' 
 he abruptly released the other man . 
 bellamy straightened his sleeves and glared at linc . 
 `` i could have you arrested for assault . '' 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 if the man was determined to ruin him , he might as well do a thorough job . 
 `` you stay married to my daughter and i 'm cutting her out of my will . 
 i swear to you that you wo n't get a penny . '' 
 `` i doubt you 'll believe me , but i have no interest in your money . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i do n't believe you . '' 
 `` then that 's your problem . '' 
 linc figured he might as well leave now , while his dignity was relatively intact . 
 when he returned to the garage , he saw that both employees were lounging around , idly entertaining themselves . 
 one was working on a sudoku puzzle and the other was tossing cards into an empty coffee tin . 
 linc sent them both home . 
 an hour later , after he 'd sorted through the bills that were stacked on his desk , he hung his head in abject frustration . 
 he would n't be able to make this month 's payment to the bank , either . 
 unless something changed fast , linc was about to go belly-up . 
 he knew he had the option of filing for bankruptcy , but he refused to consider it . 
 no matter what happened , he would n't take the easy way out , would n't walk away from his debts . 
 he was the one who 'd taken the financial gamble ; he 'd pay the price . 
 with his elbows propped on his desk , he shoved the hair away from his face . 
 it was time to go home to lori . 
 at five-thirty , he posted the closed sign on the door . 
 shoring up his resolve , linc sat in his truck for several minutes before he headed into the ground-floor apartment . 
 as much as possible he tried not to inflict his worries on lori . 
 when he walked in , the aroma of simmering barbecue sauce tickled his nostrils . 
 `` lori ? '' 
 `` hi , honey , i 'm out back . '' 
 linc followed her voice and found her dressed in shorts and a t-shirt , standing over their barbecue grill on the small patio . 
 he kissed her the way he always did , and the instant his mouth settled over hers , linc 's worries fled . 
 he held her tight against him , enjoying the feel of her body so close to his . 
 give up lori ? 
 walk away from the most precious gift he 'd ever received ? 
 bellamy was out of his mind , and if linc had the chance , he 'd tell him that . 
 thirty tanni knew from the nervous , excited way her mother was acting that larry knight must be arriving any minute . 
 they had a friday-afternoon date , and shirley had spent the past hour getting ready . 
 watching the changes in her mother since she 'd met larry had been interesting . 
 tanni used to wonder how she 'd feel if her mother became involved with another man . 
 it seemed weird to think of shirley falling in love with someone other than tanni 's dad . 
 what surprised her was that she was all right with it . 
 that might not have been the case if it was anyone other than larry . 
 he was special , and tanni understood why her mother had fallen for him . 
 besides being a fabulous artist , larry was thoughtful , generous and just plain nice . 
 not only was he responsible for helping shaw get into art school , but he 'd brought the spark back to her mother 's eyes . 
 in the past few weeks , her mother and larry had been on the phone practically every day , and these were n't short conversations . 
 one night they talked for three hours straight . 
 tanni knew because she kept track of the time . 
 she 'd taken delight in teasing her mother . 
 even more fun was seeing the flush that crept over her cheekbones . 
 shirley had it bad . 
 this tanni recognized because she 'd once had those same intense feelings for shaw . 
 not anymore , though . 
 `` do i look okay ? '' 
 shirley asked . 
 she wore pale linen pants and a white top with a teal-and-lime-green scarf . 
 she 'd thrown a linen jacket over the whole ensemble . 
 `` you look great . '' 
 tanni was n't just saying that . 
 her mother had been paying far more attention to her hair and makeup since she 'd started dating larry . 
 even when all they did was talk on the phone , her mother 's hair was brushed , her makeup applied and she was neatly dressed . 
 she 'd stopped wearing old jeans and her father 's too-large sweatshirts around the house . 
 it was as if she thought larry might drop in unannounced at any second . 
 tanni found that amusing but remembered she 'd been the same way when she first met shaw , too . 
 shaw ... she did n't want to think about him . 
 it was over . 
 she had n't heard from him in more than two weeks , but the choice had been hers . 
 she 'd decided to cut off the relationship . 
 that had been painful , but as kristen had assured her , it was the right thing to do . 
 tanni had taken control . 
 rather than let him ignore her , she 'd quit playing the game . 
 shirley tugged at her jacket sleeves . 
 `` miranda insisted i wear this . '' 
 `` it 's nice , mom . '' 
 `` miranda has such a good eye for color . '' 
 `` so do you , '' tanni said , surprised her mother lacked confidence in her own sense of style . 
 shirley worked with fabric and color all the time , so no one , in tanni 's opinion , had a better eye than she did . 
 shirley thanked her with a brief smile , then glanced at her watch . 
 `` when 's larry due ? '' 
 tanni asked . 
 `` around one . '' 
 she set her purse by the front door . 
 `` where 's he taking you for lunch ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i did n't ask . '' 
 she grew flustered . 
 `` how silly of me . '' 
 tanni could n't resist rolling her eyes . 
 `` was i this dopey after i met shaw ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` worse , '' her mother said wryly . 
 `` that 's hard to believe . '' 
 they exchanged a smile . 
 she felt relieved to be on good terms with her mother again . 
 the change had come about gradually over the past few months , ever since shaw had moved to san francisco . 
 they used to be at odds with each other all the time , and now they were n't . 
 `` do you have plans this afternoon ? '' 
 shirley asked . 
 tanni shrugged . 
 `` jeremy might come over . 
 kristen , too . '' 
 if anyone had told tanni she 'd become friends with the girl she despised most , she would 've fallen down laughing . 
 as little as a month ago , tanni could barely stand to be in the same room with her . 
 these days they hung around , went places together and talked nearly every day . 
 kristen had been such a help with the whole shaw situation . 
 she 'd broken off a number of relationships herself and said it was best just to be done with it . 
 if shaw was sending tanni all the signals that he wanted their relationship to end-and he was-then kristen said she should make it easy on him . 
 so tanni had . 
 it had n't been easy on her , though . 
 when she called shaw to tell him , he seemed shocked . 
 kristen said that was to be expected , too . 
 guys might want to end the relationship , but then they had a change of heart as soon as the girl took the initiative . 
 at first , tanni had thought her friend was exaggerating , but everything kristen had said would happen did . 
 almost immediately after she broke up with him , shaw started texting her five or six times a day . 
 after weeks of driving tanni insane by disregarding her messages , he suddenly wanted to be in contact . 
 she gained a perverse satisfaction from ignoring him . 
 but that only encouraged him to text more often . 
 he 'd even tried to phone . 
 she 'd had to force herself not to answer , but managed to hold firm . 
 kristen praised her for being in control . 
 it felt good , she felt good , and she was determined never to let anyone treat her emotions so lightly again . 
 as a bonus kristen had introduced tanni to her neighbor jeremy reynolds and they 'd met several times . 
 he was very different from shaw . 
 knowing that jeremy was interested in her made the fact that shaw was out of her life a lot more tolerable . 
 the doorbell rang and her mother rushed into the living room . 
 tanni followed her , wanting to greet larry and hear about their plans so she 'd know when her mother would be home . 
 that was a role reversal if ever there was one . 
 halfway into the room , tanni froze . 
 larry knight was at the door , but he was n't alone . 
 shaw was with him . 
 `` hi , tanni , '' shaw said as he sauntered into the house . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she made it clear that she did n't appreciate his unexpected arrival . 
 if she 'd known shaw was coming , she could have mentally prepared herself for the confrontation . 
 she would 've liked to discuss this with kristen first and gotten her advice . 
 `` tanni . '' 
 her mother said her name softly , reminding her of her manners . 
 `` hello , shaw , '' she said with less of an edge . 
 larry had his arm around her mother 's waist . 
 `` tanni , i brought shaw along as a surprise . '' 
 he gave shaw a skeptical look . 
 `` i was led to believe you 'd welcome a visit . '' 
 `` you are so thoughtful , '' shirley said , smiling at him . 
 larry 's expression indicated he was no longer so sure of that . 
 `` would you rather i dropped shaw off at his family 's place ? '' 
 he spoke directly to tanni . 
 `` come on , tanni , '' shaw pleaded . 
 `` i just want to talk . '' 
 larry regarded each one in turn . 
 `` is that what you want , tanni ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he did n't seem any too pleased with shaw , which was all right with her . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll talk to him , '' she said . 
 still , larry hesitated . 
 `` i 'd like to take your mother to lunch here in cedar cove , and then we thought we 'd stop off at the art gallery , '' he explained . 
 `` we should n't be gone more than a couple of hours . 
 would that suit you ? '' 
 again , he looked at tanni . 
 she shrugged , letting that be her response . 
 she wanted shaw to realize that her feelings about him were lukewarm at best . 
 larry and her mother left and then tanni was alone with shaw . 
 at one time she would have welcomed the privacy . 
 that was n't true anymore . 
 `` how 's it going ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he made himself at home on the sofa , crossing his legs and stretching his arm across the back . 
 tanni sat on the other side of the living room , as far from him as possible . 
 he looked different , but then so did she . 
 with subtle suggestions from kristen , tanni had changed her wardrobe . 
 she 'd stopped wearing all black and added color here and there . 
 today she had on regular jeans and a pink t-shirt . 
 she 'd changed her hairstyle , too ; now she wore it shorter and parted on the side . 
 again , she had kristen to thank for that . 
 kristen had good instincts about style and together they 'd found a new , more flattering look for tanni . 
 her mother liked her new hairstyle , too , although she seemed reluctant to say much . 
 that was understandable . 
 for a long time after her father died , tanni did n't want her mother to comment on anything to do with what she wore or how she looked . 
 that was n't the case now ; their relationship was a lot more comfortable these days , a lot closer . 
 tanni was n't sure what , exactly , was different but she suspected it had more to do with her than with her mother . 
 `` it 's going , '' she said flippantly , answering his question . 
 shaw shifted his position and leaned forward . 
 `` you look great . '' 
 `` you , too , '' she said curtly . 
 when they 'd first started going out , shaw used to wear dark clothes , the same as her . 
 he had on blue jeans and an artsy t-shirt now . 
 `` school 's going really well , '' he said , and seemed to want her to comment . 
 she did n't . 
 `` come on , tanni , if you 're mad , fine , but get over it . '' 
 `` i 'm not angry . '' 
 okay , so that was n't entirely true . 
 but kristen had helped her cope with those negative feelings . 
 they 'd talked at length about how to end a relationship properly , and tanni had absorbed every word . 
 `` if you 're not mad , then why are n't you talking to me ? '' 
 `` i really do n't have anything to say . '' 
 `` sure you do , '' he said . 
 `` i know i do . 
 i 've missed you . '' 
 that was n't the impression he 'd given her after he got to san francisco . 
 he 'd made it seem as if he was far too busy to bother with her . 
 she could remind him of the grief and frustration he 'd caused her , but then decided that was exactly what she should n't do . 
 `` how long will you be in town ? '' 
 she asked instead . 
 `` i 'm here over the weekend . '' 
 `` that 'll give you time to see your friends , '' she said , folding her arms . 
 `` the only person i want to see is you . '' 
 yeah , right . 
 `` and will jefferson , '' shaw added . 
 `` i want to thank him . 
 i owe him big-time . '' 
 `` what about my mother ? '' 
 she asked , unable to disguise her irritation . 
 shirley had been just as instrumental in getting shaw into art school as will jefferson and larry knight . 
 her mother was the one who 'd put everything in motion . 
 `` of course . '' 
 shaw was quick to make amends . 
 `` i 'd never have made it into art school if it had n't been for your mom . '' 
 `` how are things with your family ? '' 
 she asked after an awkward pause . 
 from the very beginning , shaw 's father had been against his becoming an artist . 
 he 'd wanted shaw to attend law school . 
 it 'd taken real courage for shaw to stand up to his father and live his own life . 
 `` much better , '' shaw said . 
 he seemed pleased to be able to say it . 
 `` mom 's proud of the fact that i 'm attending on a full scholarship , and dad 's actually coming around . 
 i 've emailed them some of my work and i keep in touch . 
 i 'll be with the family tonight for this big dinner mom 's cooking . '' 
 tanni thought that was a good idea . 
 `` would you like to drop by will jefferson 's place with me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 apparently shaw could tell that she would n't be having any cozy chats with him . 
 `` i do n't have any other plans for a while , '' tanni said , keeping her voice casual . 
 `` i can drive . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` when did you get your license ? '' 
 she 'd texted him the day she 'd passed her driver 's test . 
 obviously he had n't taken the trouble to read it . 
 rather than berate him , or remind him that he should know , she shrugged . 
 `` a while back . '' 
 `` hey , it 's great that you 've got wheels , '' he said enthusiastically . 
 again , she pretended it was no big deal , but in actuality her whole life had undergone a transformation . 
 now that she had her license , she felt a new sense of freedom and independence . 
 she felt like an adult . 
 they left the house , and during the short drive to the gallery , shaw dominated the conversation , acting as if hardly anything had changed between them . 
 he was animated , telling her tale after tale of friends he 'd made in art school . 
 he did n't seem to notice that she said almost nothing . 
 he avoided mentioning any of the girls he 'd met , although tanni knew he hung around with several . 
 one name in particular stood out-mallory , marcie ... something like that . 
 tanni briefly considered bringing up jeremy , but decided against it . 
 tanni parked down the street from the gallery . 
 the place looked attractive ; will jefferson had done some work recently , refreshing the outside with a coat of white paint and arranging large baskets of red geraniums in front . 
 he 'd redesigned the inside earlier , with new display cases and glass enclosures . 
 will had put a lot of money into the renovation , and it showed . 
 when they walked into the gallery , shaw 's eyes went immediately to the wall where her mother 's dragon quilt was displayed . 
 there was no denying that `` death '' was a masterful piece of work . 
 she had n't fully appreciated the skill involved in the creation of fabric art , and this piece in particular , until will jefferson had hung it on his wall . 
 to tanni , that dragon breathed life-and death-and spoke of grief , love , passion . 
 it captivated the attention of all who saw it . 
 she knew there 'd been numerous offers to buy it but the work was n't for sale . 
 will stepped out from his office , and when he saw them , he smiled . 
 `` shaw , '' he said , holding out his hand as he advanced toward them . 
 `` good to see you . '' 
 `` hi , mr. jefferson . '' 
 they shook hands and then will turned to tanni . 
 `` great to see you , too . '' 
 he looked around as though he expected her mother to be with them . 
 tanni smiled and out of the corner of her eye she caught a movement . 
 someone else was in the gallery . 
 `` hello , tanni , '' miranda sullivan greeted her , emerging from the back room a moment later . 
 `` what 's your mother up to this afternoon ? '' 
 `` she 's with larry . '' 
 will jefferson stiffened noticeably . 
 `` larry knight 's in town ? '' 
 he asked , and he did n't sound pleased to hear it . 
 `` i flew in with him , '' shaw told them . 
 `` it was a chance to reconnect with friends , '' he said pointedly , glancing in tanni 's direction . 
 `` i wanted to see you , too , so you 'd know your faith in me was justified . 
 if you speak to larry , he 'll tell you i 've done well in each of my classes so far . '' 
 will hardly seemed to hear him . 
 `` has your mother been seeing a lot of larry ? '' 
 he asked tanni . 
 `` well ... '' she was n't sure how to respond and looked to miranda for help . 
 as her mother 's friend , miranda had encouraged the relationship with larry-not that her mother needed much encouragement . 
 `` larry and shirley are grateful for your introduction , will , '' miranda said smoothly , coming toward them . 
 `` they have a great deal in common , you know . '' 
 will frowned . 
 `` really . '' 
 the comment was more sarcasm than affirmation . 
 `` i believe they might be stopping in later , '' miranda added . 
 tanni recalled that larry had said something about that . 
 `` here ? '' 
 `` yes , '' miranda said . 
 `` larry wants to see the red dragon piece . '' 
 tanni had n't heard that , but it made sense . 
 larry had only seen photographs of the massive fabric hanging , which had been featured in several newspaper and magazine articles . 
 `` that 's not a problem , is it ? '' 
 she asked will . 
 `` not for me , it is n't , '' will muttered . 
 he turned to miranda as though he thought she could supply more information . 
 shaw had apparently become aware of the tension in the room . 
 moving closer to will , he said , `` i want to let you know again how much i appreciate what you 've done for me . '' 
 will nodded absently . 
 `` will , '' miranda said . 
 `` shaw just thanked you . '' 
 he broke out of his stupor . 
 `` right . 
 my pleasure , '' he said without emotion . 
 `` stop in anytime . '' 
 `` i will , '' shaw returned , looking puzzled . 
 it seemed they were being dismissed ; will jefferson all but hustled them out the door . 
 tanni met miranda 's eye and the other woman shrugged as if to say she did n't understand it , either . 
 one thing was clear . 
 will jefferson did n't like the fact that tanni 's mother was seeing larry knight . 
 tanni smiled inwardly as she headed toward the parked car , with shaw behind her . 
 if mr. jefferson needed help getting over her mother , maybe tanni would suggest he talk to kristen . 
 `` well ... nice seeing you again , '' she told shaw when they reached the car . 
 `` we ... we are n't going back to the house ? '' 
 `` no , sorry . 
 i 'm meeting up with a friend . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 the word was weighted with disappointment . 
 `` jeremy and i have plans . '' 
 `` jeremy ? '' 
 shock reverberated in his voice as he repeated the other boy 's name . 
 tanni grinned . 
 `` oh , honestly , shaw , you did n't think you were the only guy in my life , did you ? '' 
 thirty-one `` can you talk ? '' 
 mack asked urgently . 
 placing one hand over the receiver , mary jo glanced toward her boss 's office . 
 allan was with a client , and the meeting would probably go on for a while . 
 `` i guess , '' she said . 
 `` for a few minutes . '' 
 she rarely took personal calls at work . 
 the fact that mack had phoned her meant it was important . 
 `` is anything wrong ? '' 
 `` no , not at all . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i just finished talking to my dad and he wants to see us right after work . '' 
 mary jo waited . 
 `` did he find out anything ? '' 
 she prodded . 
 `` about jacob ? '' 
 `` he must have . '' 
 mary jo was too excited to sit still . 
 `` i knew we made the right decision when we asked him for help . '' 
 they 'd tried to track down jacob dennison on their own . 
 roy , however , was the one with experience . 
 people hired him to do this ; he was the expert and they were amateurs . 
 `` i 'll pick you up at the house after work , okay ? '' 
 `` i 'll have to get noelle before we go over to your father 's . '' 
 `` can i get her ? 
 that 'll save time . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll phone kelly and let her know . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 the rest of the afternoon dragged by . 
 mary jo did n't think she 'd ever been more anxious for a workday to end . 
 at precisely five , she leaped out of her seat like a jack-in-the-box and reached for her purse . 
 `` see you in the morning , mr. harris , '' she called out . 
 her boss came to the doorway between their two offices . 
 `` you seem to be in a hurry this evening . '' 
 `` i am , '' she said . 
 `` i think mack 's father might have some information about that world war ii soldier i mentioned a while back . 
 roy offered to help us . '' 
 `` interesting . 
 update me when you can . '' 
 `` will do , '' she promised . 
 true , it might be another dead end , but she had a feeling there was more . 
 mack was in his truck , waiting for her , as she pulled into the driveway at home . 
 `` where 's noelle ? '' 
 she asked immediately . 
 `` mom has her . 
 she claims she needs grandma practice . 
 you do n't mind , do you ? '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 actually , she was touched that corrie wanted to spend time with noelle . 
 they rode in silence for a couple of blocks . 
 `` are n't you excited ? '' 
 she asked . 
 mack grinned . 
 `` yes , what about you ? '' 
 `` oh , mack , i can hardly stand it . 
 did your father tell you anything ? '' 
 `` no , he just said he 'd uncovered some information he thought we 'd want to hear . '' 
 `` how did he sound ? '' 
 `` sound ? '' 
 `` was he happy ? 
 sad ? 
 did his tone of voice give anything away ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 but that 's my dad . 
 always keeps his cards close to his chest . '' 
 mack parked in front of the office . 
 mary jo jumped out , not waiting for him to open her door or give her his hand . 
 he met her on the sidewalk . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 `` o-o-oh , yes . 
 you ? '' 
 `` ready , '' he said , and held open the door . 
 mary jo entered the investigator 's office and glanced curiously around . 
 she 'd never been inside before . 
 the reception area had a sofa and a chair , with magazines neatly fanned out on the adjoining end tables . 
 the door leading to roy 's private office was ajar and he waved them in . 
 `` what 've you got , dad ? '' 
 mack slipped into a visitor 's chair and mary jo took the one next to him . 
 roy tipped back his own chair . 
 `` the other night mary jo pointed out that jacob might not be dennison 's given name . '' 
 `` so he had another name ? '' 
 mary jo asked breathlessly , leaning forward in her eagerness . 
 `` no . 
 his name 's jacob . 
 that was an excellent theory but it did n't go anywhere . '' 
 `` dad ! '' 
 mack warned . 
 `` just tell us what you found . '' 
 roy grinned sheepishly . 
 `` i was right . 
 he was taken captive by the germans . '' 
 `` he was a pow ? '' 
 roy nodded . 
 `` apparently jacob was captured in the first few days after the invasion and sent by train into the heart of germany . '' 
 mack was leaning forward now , too . 
 `` did he survive the war ? '' 
 roy nodded again . 
 `` amazingly , he did . '' 
 mack and mary jo exchanged glances . 
 next came the question that burned inside them both . 
 `` is it possible that ... he 's still alive ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 the wide grin that broke out across roy 's face was answer enough . 
 `` he is-alive and kicking . '' 
 `` wow , '' mack said . 
 he reached for mary jo 's hand and squeezed it hard . 
 `` where 's he living ? 
 is there any chance we can meet him ? 
 i 'd love to ask him about joan . 
 can we talk to him ? '' 
 mary jo stopped to take a breath . 
 she would n't have thought roy 's smile could grow any wider , but it did . 
 `` that 's the best part . 
 i do n't know how to describe this . 
 call it luck . 
 call it coincidence . 
 call it whatever you like , but i think it 's pretty darn close to divine intervention . '' 
 mack 's eyebrows gathered . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` jacob dennison is living here . 
 in cedar cove . '' 
 mary jo gasped . 
 `` get out of here ! '' 
 mack said exultantly . 
 mary jo could n't believe their luck . 
 `` he must be ... how old now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` mid-eighties for sure , maybe older , '' mack said . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 `` reveille , '' roy told them . 
 `` the veterans ' home on the hill ? '' 
 all this time jacob dennison had been practically under their noses ! 
 `` he 'd like to meet you . '' 
 mary jo nearly fell out of her chair . 
 `` you mean you 've already talked to him ? '' 
 `` no , '' roy said . 
 `` i called their office to be sure i had the right jacob dennison . 
 the manager confirmed it and she gave me some useful information . 
 from what she said , he 's only been at reveille house since march . 
 before that he lived in seattle and his three children are still there . '' 
 roy shook his head . 
 `` i learned that he 's a widower but i do n't have any details . '' 
 `` oh , no ... '' mary jo was saddened by that . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . '' 
 it felt as if she 'd just learned that a close friend had died . 
 `` he does n't know about the letters ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 `` no , no , '' roy assured them . 
 `` i told the manager , a ms. roberts , but she promised not to say a word about that to him . 
 besides , you two found those letters and the diary . 
 you should be the ones to tell him . '' 
 `` do you think we should bring them with us ? '' 
 `` i do , '' mack said , answering for his father . 
 `` it 's what we 've wanted to do from the moment we read them . '' 
 mary jo agreed . 
 `` we 'll get them and head up to reveille now , '' mack told his father . 
 `` roy , '' mary jo said , coming to her feet . 
 `` thank you , thank you very , very much . '' 
 she walked around the big desk and hugged her soon-to-be father-in-law . 
 he 'd managed what she 'd thought was impossible-and with apparent ease . 
 they stopped at the duplex first , then drove toward reveille house , a few miles away . 
 the winding road to the facility went up a steep hill that overlooked the cove . 
 the view of bremerton and the naval shipyard against the backdrop of the olympic mountains was breathtaking , but for once mary jo barely noticed . 
 the receptionist met them , and mack explained that they were there to see jacob dennison . 
 they were asked to wait and paced anxiously in the reception room until the woman reappeared ten long minutes later . 
 `` mr. dennison will be with you shortly , '' she said . 
 she led them down the hall to a cozy lounge , fortunately not in use at the moment . 
 there were bookshelves and a fireplace that looked inviting . 
 a piano stood in one corner , while a number of upholstered chairs and a sofa in matching fabric occupied the middle of the room . 
 they sat down , mary jo perched on the edge of her chair , with the cigar box resting in her lap . 
 it held the diary as well as the letters . 
 about five minutes later , a young male attendant wheeled in a white-haired man . 
 `` here we go , mr. dennison , '' he said cheerfully as he settled the wheelchair between mack and mary jo , then left the room . 
 the elderly man regarded them both with faded blue eyes . 
 he looked from mack to mary jo and smiled . 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 he asked shakily . 
 `` no , '' mack answered . 
 `` but we know you . '' 
 `` how 's that , young man ? '' 
 `` we 've read your letters , '' he explained . 
 `` your letters to joan manry , '' mary jo added . 
 `` from the war years . '' 
 jacob frowned . 
 `` where did you find those ? '' 
 mack moved closer to the end of the sofa . 
 `` we 're getting ahead of ourselves , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm mack mcafee and this is my fiancee , mary jo wyse . 
 we 're thrilled to meet you , by the way . '' 
 `` thank you , '' jacob said . 
 `` it is n't often i have a beautiful young woman come to visit . '' 
 he clasped her hand between both of his . 
 `` that is , unless it 's one of my granddaughters . '' 
 he chuckled softly . 
 `` now tell me about those letters . 
 i have to admit you 've piqued my curiosity . 
 you say they were written during the war years ? 
 by me ? '' 
 mary jo nodded . 
 `` mack and i live in a duplex on evergreen place in cedar cove , '' she said . 
 `` evergreen place , '' he repeated . 
 `` i believe that 's the house where joan once lived with her sister . '' 
 `` you wrote joan letters at that address , '' mack told him . 
 `` only it is n't a single house anymore , but a duplex . '' 
 `` evergreen place , '' jacob said again , and it seemed that the address had disappeared from his memory . 
 mary jo did n't know where to start , there was so much to tell . 
 `` i noticed a loose board in the closet one day . 
 when i went to investigate , i discovered a cigar box full of letters hidden under the floorboards . '' 
 `` my letters ? '' 
 jacob hardly seemed able to take it in . 
 `` from the war ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 with infinite pleasure mary jo gave jacob the box . 
 she placed it on his lap and , as she started to move away , the old man reached for her hand and kissed it . 
 tears spilled from his eyes ; embarrassed , he wiped them away , but his emotion brought tears to her eyes , too . 
 `` i always wondered where these ended up . 
 joan never said . 
 she was n't close to her sister , and the two of them shared that house . 
 elaine was jealous of her , i think . 
 at any rate they were estranged until near the end of elaine 's life , and then joan went to her and they made their peace . '' 
 mary jo was interested to hear this and relieved that the two sisters had finally settled their differences . 
 `` joan 's diary was hidden in there , too , '' mack told him . 
 `` what happened to joan ? '' 
 mary jo asked , anxious now for more of the details . 
 `` we know she died , but ... '' jacob opened the box and reverently pulled out the diary . 
 `` after the liberation of europe , joan and i were married . '' 
 jacob looked up from the treasure in his hands and shook his head sadly . 
 `` she died far too young . 
 she was seventy-one . 
 we had three children , a boy and two girls . 
 mark , margaret and marianne ... '' he paused as the reminiscence , the grief , overcame him . 
 he withdrew a handkerchief from his shirt pocket and dabbed at his eyes again . 
 `` would you tell us about your experiences on d-day ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 `` there 's not much to tell . 
 i was one of the fortunate ones . 
 i was herded , along with other americans , onto a train . 
 it took us to a pow camp in central germany , where i spent the rest of the war . '' 
 `` that could n't have been an easy time . '' 
 jacob sighed . 
 `` war is never easy , young man . '' 
 `` when were you released ? '' 
 mary jo asked . 
 his imprisonment was clearly a painful memory he 'd rather not discuss . 
 `` may 1945 . 
 american paratroopers dropped onto the field outside the prison camp , '' he said with a far-off look . 
 `` those of us who 'd survived were afraid the german soldiers would kill us rather than expose the conditions under which we 'd been held . '' 
 `` they did n't , thank god , '' mary jo whispered . 
 `` no . 
 instead , they threw down their weapons and ran . 
 many of them were just boys , fighting a war they did n't want to fight . 
 like me , all they wanted was to go home to their families . '' 
 his attitude was one of forgiveness and generosity , which impressed mary jo and moved her deeply . 
 `` did joan know you 'd been taken prisoner ? '' 
 jacob nodded . 
 `` not for several weeks , though . 
 she assumed i was dead . 
 she 'd moved back to the family home in spokane to help with her younger brothers and sisters . 
 apparently her mother had taken ill and she was needed there . '' 
 `` how long before you saw her again ? '' 
 jacob sat up a bit straighter . 
 `` far longer than i wanted . 
 when i was rescued i weighed less than ninety pounds . 
 the army sent me home in a hospital ship . '' 
 he chuckled hoarsely . 
 `` i would 've gotten well much faster if they 'd just flown me back to my family . 
 my mother was the best cook in the world . '' 
 mack exchanged a smile with mary jo . 
 `` at nights , back in the camp , i used to go to sleep thinking about my mother 's apple pie . 
 the first meal she cooked for me was fried chicken . 
 i ate almost an entire bowl of mashed potatoes by myself . '' 
 again , tears filled his eyes . 
 `` that was one of the happiest days of my life . '' 
 mary jo could well imagine . 
 `` do you know why joan hid the letters ? '' 
 she asked the question that had haunted her all these weeks . 
 now she might finally learn the answer . 
 `` not really , other than the fact that joan and her sister never got along . '' 
 mary jo was disappointed that this part of the mystery would probably never be solved . 
 for whatever reason , joan 's relationship with her sister was difficult and that was as much of an explanation as they were likely to get . 
 `` not only that , '' jacob said , `` she was n't keen on me , either . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` do n't know . 
 she just was n't . 
 felt it was up to her to say what joan should do and who she could see . '' 
 `` tell me more about joan , '' mary jo said . 
 jacob leaned back in his wheelchair . 
 `` she was a beauty . 
 we met at a soda fountain here in cedar cove . 
 i came over from fort lewis for a uso dance and stopped at the drugstore . 
 she was working behind the counter and caught my eye . 
 i had a soda and asked if she 'd be at the dance . 
 at the time , her sister worked there , too . 
 it was later that they got jobs at the shipyard . 
 her sister told me to stay away from joan . '' 
 `` clearly you did n't heed her advice , '' mack said . 
 `` wild horses would n't have kept me away . 
 i was smitten the first time i laid eyes on her . '' 
 mack looked at mary jo as if to say he understood the feeling . 
 `` we met up at the dance and then again the following day . 
 joan had to sneak away from her sister and they had words afterward . 
 it was too bad that elaine and i started off on the wrong foot , but honestly , i do n't think it would 've mattered . 
 elaine was n't a happy person . 
 she tried to control joan and to thwart our romance , not that it did much good . '' 
 it occurred to mary jo that maybe joan had n't hidden the letters all at one time but had kept them-and her diary-in the closet to prevent her sister from finding them . 
 `` how did joan die ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 `` cancer . 
 i do n't think i 'll ever recover from losing her . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` but we had almost fifty years together . 
 and my children are good to me . 
 they visit when they can and the grandchildren , as well . '' 
 mary jo could see that the old man was tiring . 
 `` we should go , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll get someone to take you back to your room . '' 
 `` would it be okay if we stopped by and visited every now and then ? '' 
 mack asked . 
 `` i 'd be very pleased to see you again . '' 
 he clutched the cigar box and the small diary . 
 `` i ca n't thank you enough for going to the effort of finding me so you could return these letters . '' 
 he inhaled softly . 
 `` they 'll mean the world to my children-and to me . '' 
 mack stood and so did mary jo . 
 impulsively she bent down and kissed the leathery cheek . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered . 
 `` why are you thanking me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you 're the ones who found me and brought me back my letters . '' 
 `` thank you for writing them , and for showing mack and me how much we owe the heroes of your generation . '' 
 he dismissed her comment with a wave of his hand . 
 `` nonsense , i 'm no hero . '' 
 `` i disagree , '' mack said . 
 `` i can understand why you 're called the ` greatest generation ' - because you are . '' 
 the old man looked up at them and smiled . 
 then , raising his hand to his forehead , he saluted them . 
 thirty-two olivia slipped into the row of seats behind grace harding . 
 the wedding of faith beckwith and troy davis was about to start . 
 the large gazebo outside justine 's victorian tea room was filled to capacity as so many well-wishers had come to share this special day . 
 no sooner had she sat down than the music swelled and pastor flemming came forward . 
 faith and troy stood , with their families and friends gathered in a semicircle around them . 
 after a few words from the clergyman , faith and troy quietly exchanged their vows . 
 the ceremony , while short , touched olivia 's heart . 
 jack was obviously moved , too . 
 her husband clasped her hand and she squeezed back . 
 they 'd both come to a fuller appreciation of each other in the past eight months , while she 'd battled cancer . 
 just as jack 's heart attack several years earlier had showed olivia how much she loved this man , her cancer had brought him the same realization . 
 these illnesses had made the prospect of loss very real , and they 'd both learned to treasure each day together . 
 jack griffin , the town paper 's new editor , had stormed into olivia 's life twenty years after her divorce . 
 now she wondered how she 'd lived all those years without him . 
 like faith and troy , she and jack had hit more than a few snags in their relationship . 
 but their marriage was worth every hard lesson in compromise and tolerance . 
 she knew the same would be true for faith and troy . 
 they 'd all attended high school around the same time , and olivia remembered that faith and troy had dated . 
 after graduation they 'd gone their separate ways , only to meet again almost forty years later , both widowed by this time . 
 they 'd quickly renewed their relationship . 
 now , seeing them look at each other with such love , olivia could n't help feeling this marriage would be as happy as hers and jack 's . 
 the reception was inside the recently opened restaurant . 
 troy and faith stood at the entrance and greeted each of their guests . 
 faith was beautiful in her soft pink suit , with a bouquet of white rosebuds . 
 troy had never looked handsomer , wearing a dark suit and pink tie . 
 a white rosebud boutonniere was pinned to his lapel . 
 `` i 'm so glad you could make it , '' faith told olivia , hugging her . 
 justine and her staff bustled about , carrying trays of food to the buffet table . 
 `` i would n't miss this for anything , '' olivia said , and it was true . 
 grace and cliff followed olivia and jack as they entered the restaurant . 
 a number of round tables , covered in white linen , were artfully arranged about the room . 
 each had a pink floral arrangement at its center . 
 a buffet table , set up against the wall , held a tiered wedding cake , with a large silver punch bowl beside it . 
 holding olivia 's hand , jack led the way to a centrally located table . 
 grace and cliff joined them . 
 `` how long do you think it 'll be before they cut the cake ? '' 
 jack asked , leaning toward olivia . 
 `` jack ! '' 
 pretending to be scandalized , she elbowed her husband . 
 `` you 're worse than a kid ! '' 
 `` i ca n't help it , i 'm hungry , '' her husband protested . 
 `` and i 'm especially hungry for cake . '' 
 olivia laughed . 
 `` okay , it should n't be long . '' 
 `` there 's lots of nice-looking food over there , '' cliff said , pointing at the buffet table . 
 `` if you get some , bring extras for me . '' 
 `` cliff , '' grace chastised . 
 `` we just had lunch . '' 
 `` that was hours ago . '' 
 `` no one else is going up for food yet . '' 
 `` hey , somebody has to be the first . '' 
 grace exchanged a look with olivia and rolled her eyes . 
 jack suddenly turned to olivia . 
 `` is that your brother ? '' 
 he asked in a low voice . 
 olivia craned her neck to see . 
 sure enough , it was will . 
 she had n't even realized he 'd been invited to the wedding . 
 with the art gallery to run , it was unusual for him to take time off in the middle of a saturday , which was the most profitable day of the week , particularly during the summer . 
 `` i did n't notice him in church earlier , did you ? '' 
 `` ca n't say i did , '' jack commented . 
 `` he looks a bit lost to me . '' 
 olivia glanced over at grace and cliff . 
 `` would you mind if i invited will to join us ? '' 
 grace deferred to her husband . 
 `` fine with me , '' cliff said . 
 he stretched his arm across the back of grace 's chair in what olivia recognized as a possessive gesture . 
 she approached her brother , who stood just inside the restaurant . 
 although past sixty , will was still an attractive man . 
 in some ways his natural good looks and charismatic personality had been a detriment . 
 everything had come too easily to will . 
 he 'd been a star football player , the high school 's homecoming king and an equally big success in college . 
 he 'd done well as an engineer and risen steadily up the ranks of his company , retiring early after his divorce . 
 personally , olivia was pleased to have will living in cedar cove . 
 despite his irresponsible behavior toward his ex-wife , georgia-and toward grace-she valued his wit , his intelligence and his friendship with her and jack . 
 she could n't fault his emotional and practical support when she 'd been so ill . 
 besides , their mother was getting on in years , although charlotte would be the first to insist she did n't want her children looking after her . 
 regardless , olivia welcomed her brother 's presence in town and was grateful she would n't have to make any decisions concerning charlotte on her own . 
 `` will , come and sit with us , '' she said , impulsively touching his arm . 
 will turned around . 
 `` oh , hi , liv . 
 thanks , but i 've got mom with me . 
 she 's in the ladies ' room at the moment . '' 
 `` you brought mom ? '' 
 he answered with a sigh . 
 `` she phoned at the last minute and said she needed a ride to the wedding and asked if i could take her . 
 as it was , we missed most of the ceremony . '' 
 `` where 's ben ? '' 
 will shook his head . 
 `` she did n't say , but something 's up . '' 
 olivia was n't sure what to make of this . 
 she 'd talk privately with her mother when she had the chance . 
 `` it was good of you to drop everything and bring her here . '' 
 `` no big deal , '' will said , shrugging off her thanks . 
 `` i was n't that busy and miranda sullivan 's filling in for me . '' 
 `` miranda sullivan , '' olivia repeated . 
 `` i do n't believe i know her . '' 
 `` you probably do n't . 
 she lives in gig harbor but she 's in town quite often . 
 she 's friends with shirley bliss . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 olivia would make a point of seeking miranda out and introducing herself . 
 she wanted to thank the other woman for taking will 's place at the gallery so he could escort charlotte to the wedding . 
 olivia touched her brother 's arm again . 
 `` will , is everything all right ? '' 
 she 'd rarely seen him so disheartened . 
 `` everything 's fine . '' 
 his answer was quick . 
 too quick . 
 he must have realized it because he gave her a chagrined look . 
 `` okay , if you must know , i had a bit of a surprise last week . '' 
 `` what kind of surprise ? '' 
 `` not a good one . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i made a point of letting shirley bliss know i was interested in her . '' 
 olivia was well aware of it ; her brother had set his sights on shirley and actively pursued her . 
 `` you might recall that she and i went out a few times . '' 
 after each outing will had talked endlessly about shirley . 
 he 'd asked olivia to suggest a restaurant in seattle , and then followed her advice and made a reservation . 
 the next week he reported what a wonderful dinner they 'd had . 
 `` how is shirley ? '' 
 olivia asked . 
 `` according to miranda , she 's in love , '' he said despairingly . 
 `` and it is n't with me . '' 
 `` oh , will , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to be sorry about . 
 it 's my own fault . 
 i introduced her to an artist friend of mine and then , next thing i know , the two of them are head over heels for each other , which miranda was happy to share . 
 a week ago they came to the gallery-and they thanked me , '' he said sardonically . 
 `` trust me , i can read the writing on the wall . '' 
 he stared down at his feet and shrugged again , trying to pretend it really did n't matter . 
 clearly this rejection had come as a shock to her brother . 
 women had always been interested in will , and he 'd been interested in them . 
 it seemed that , in the past , will could 've had almost any woman he wanted . 
 grace was an exception , but that was a whole other story . 
 `` the thing is , '' her brother said . 
 `` i 'm getting old . '' 
 `` older , will , not old . '' 
 `` same difference . '' 
 `` oh , come on . 
 you 're as attractive as ever . '' 
 he raised his eyebrows but did n't respond . 
 olivia was surprised by the fragility of her brother 's ego . 
 she wanted to laugh off his concern , but she could see that he took this seriously . 
 she supposed his inability to cope with rejection made sense , considering he 'd received very little of it over the years . 
 `` i 'm afraid , '' he said . 
 `` of what ? '' 
 he looked away . 
 `` of growing old alone . '' 
 she searched for the words to reassure him and would have spoken if not for the fact that their mother stepped out of the ladies ' room just then . 
 olivia knew immediately that will was right ; charlotte was distressed about something . 
 `` mom , '' olivia said , meeting her halfway . 
 she slipped an arm around her mother . 
 `` come and sit with us . '' 
 `` you do n't mind , dear ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 she steered charlotte toward the table where jack and her friends were waiting with their champagne flutes . 
 will followed two steps behind . 
 charlotte sat next to olivia and set her small handbag in her lap . 
 olivia noticed that her mother had n't brought her knitting , which was unusual . 
 charlotte never allowed a spare moment-even at a formal event like this-to pass without knitting . 
 moving a little closer to her mother , olivia asked , `` where 's ben ? '' 
 her mother stared at her blankly . 
 `` ben , mom , '' she repeated . 
 `` where 's ben ? '' 
 `` he went to talk to david . '' 
 this was n't welcome information . 
 anything to do with ben 's son was generally bad news . 
 `` david 's in town ? '' 
 charlotte worried her lip . 
 `` i would n't know , dear . 
 ben took a phone call and then said he had to leave for a while . 
 i completely forgot about troy and faith 's wedding . 
 thank goodness will could bring me . '' 
 her mother was obviously distraught . 
 `` you know david 's living in seattle now ? '' 
 olivia nodded ; ben had mentioned it the day they 'd come for lunch . 
 charlotte lowered her head . 
 `` that 's not all . '' 
 she paused and exhaled slowly . 
 `` david was let go from his job . 
 he 's unemployed . '' 
 olivia had already heard about that , too , and wondered why her mother was repeating it . 
 she sounded as if it was news to her . 
 `` he 's living with a woman and ... oh , dear , olivia , i do n't think i 've ever seen ben this upset . 
 he thought david had lost the power to hurt him , but he was wrong . 
 ben ca n't believe his son would stoop to letting a woman support him . 
 it 's bad enough that david seems to enjoy terrorizing mary jo over that precious baby . '' 
 olivia reached for her mother 's hand . 
 `` do n't worry , mom , '' she said in a soothing voice . 
 `` ben knows how to deal with david . '' 
 `` what david needs is someone who 'll talk to him without taking any of his garbage , '' will interjected . 
 `` if he wo n't listen to his father , maybe he 'll listen to me . '' 
 `` will , '' olivia muttered , silencing her brother . 
 he was only throwing gasoline on the fire . 
 `` like i said , '' she told her mother again , `` ben knows how to handle his son . '' 
 `` oh , olivia , i do hope you 're right . 
 i ca n't tell you how worried i am . '' 
 will scowled , clearly angry at what this business with david was doing to their mother . 
 good thing david rhodes was n't anywhere close to her brother , who had little tolerance for that kind of behavior . 
 one look at him told her will would love to straighten david out . 
 `` ben knew faith and troy 's wedding was this afternoon . 
 we planned to attend together . 
 i bought a new dress and ben got a new tie and we 'd been looking forward to it . 
 he must have forgotten . '' 
 `` i 'm sure that 's not the case , mom , '' olivia murmured . 
 `` it 's just that i 'm afraid of what david might do . 
 he does n't know that ben 's found out where he 's living . 
 if ben shows up unexpectedly , everything might blow up in his face . '' 
 `` who told ben all this about david ? '' 
 she asked , hoping to keep charlotte from dwelling on the negative possibilities . 
 `` i do n't know for sure . 
 somebody ... and then a woman phoned the house early this afternoon and asked to speak to mr. rhodes . 
 when he finished with the call , ben did n't tell me who she was or why she phoned . 
 i have to assume this is another young lady david has hurt in one way or another . 
 all ben said after he hung up was what i told you . '' 
 charlotte paused and seemed to need a moment to collect her thoughts . 
 `` ben was so upset . 
 he said it was time he paid his son a visit . '' 
 she glanced up . 
 `` i 'm so worried ... '' `` you do n't seriously think david would hurt his father , do you ? '' 
 olivia tried to hide her alarm but was n't sure she 'd succeeded . 
 `` with david , it 's hard to tell . '' 
 her hands opened and closed the clasp of her purse . 
 olivia placed an arm protectively around her mother 's shoulders . 
 faith and troy were walking toward the cake , and olivia watched as jack sat up and took notice . 
 he 'd finished a plateful of crab salad , broccoli quiche and smoked salmon canapes , but he was ready , as usual , to indulge his sweet tooth . 
 she nudged him with her foot as a warning to behave . 
 honestly ! 
 anyone would think cliff and jack had n't eaten in a week . 
 `` ben ! '' 
 charlotte cried out , raising her arm and giving an anxious wave . 
 olivia looked toward the front of the restaurant and saw ben rhodes enter the dining area . 
 charlotte stood and hurried toward him . 
 he smiled down at her and slid his arm about her waist . 
 the two of them talked intensely before olivia 's mother brought ben back to the table . 
 both jack and cliff stood to greet the other man . 
 will did , too , but his dour , thoughtful mood had n't improved . 
 although olivia sympathized with her brother 's disappointment , she felt a bit of rejection might be good for him . 
 he did seem genuinely hurt that shirley bliss had fallen in love with someone else . 
 but then , most people had learned by this age that life had its share of disappointments . 
 ben leaned close to charlotte , whispering a few words in her ear . 
 almost immediately , charlotte relaxed . 
 olivia did n't want to seem too inquisitive , but she could n't help being curious . 
 `` is everything all right , ben ? '' 
 she asked . 
 ben 's hand rested on his wife 's back . 
 `` never better , '' he assured her , although his face was expressionless . 
 olivia wondered what had taken place between david rhodes and his father . 
 obviously ben was n't about to divulge what had happened , nor was he willing to feed anyone 's speculation . 
 but she guessed that whatever had been said would eventually come out . 
 an hour later it was time to go . 
 olivia had visited with various friends she had n't seen since she 'd taken a leave of absence from court . 
 as they filed out of the restaurant , olivia felt that faith and troy 's wedding had been lovely in every way , exactly what she 'd wanted for them . 
 earlier , she 'd learned from grace that they 'd booked a honeymoon trip to alaska . 
 the couple planned to fly out the next morning . 
 as jack escorted her to the parking lot , charlotte called out to them . 
 olivia walked back to meet her mother . 
 `` olivia , i ca n't seem to find my knitting . 
 you did n't see it when i arrived , did you ? '' 
 `` no , mom , sorry . 
 are you sure you brought it ? '' 
 `` olivia , sweetheart , you know me well enough to realize i never go anywhere without my knitting . '' 
 yes , which was why olivia had wondered about it . 
 `` could it be in will 's car ? '' 
 charlotte smiled in relief . 
 `` of course ! 
 how silly of me . 
 that 's where it must be . '' 
 will was ready to pull out of the parking lot when ben stopped him . 
 will lowered his window as the two men had a quick exchange . 
 will reached over to the passenger seat and handed ben the quilted bag . 
 ben turned , holding it up so charlotte would know he had her precious knitting . 
 `` oh , thank goodness , '' charlotte breathed . 
 `` everything 's going to be fine , mom , '' olivia said more confidently than she felt . 
 `` i 'm sure of it . '' 
 jack came up then , and the two of them saw ben and her mother off . 
 `` poor mom , '' she said to her husband . 
 `` she was worried about ben , that 's all , '' jack said . 
 `` we all get confused when we 're concerned about someone we love . 
 and when you 're dealing with someone like david , someone who seems to have no conscience at all , everything 's that much harder . '' 
 olivia had to agree . 
 in her opinion , david rhodes had already done untold damage . 
 she could only hope this was the end . 
 thirty-three rachel was convinced that telling jolene about the baby this soon was a mistake . 
 bruce , however , disagreed . 
 he seemed to think that the longer they could give his daughter to adjust to the news , the better it would be . 
 however , rachel could n't see jolene accepting this gracefully . 
 certainly not with joy or excitement . 
 bruce decided the best way to make the announcement was to take his `` girls '' for a night out . 
 he planned every detail , starting with reservations at d.d. 's on the cove . 
 as rachel dressed for dinner she felt sick , but her queasiness had nothing to do with the pregnancy . 
 she 'd managed to hide her morning sickness from her stepdaughter all these weeks and doubted jolene even suspected she might be pregnant . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 bruce called from the living room . 
 `` give me a minute , '' she called back . 
 then , sitting on the edge of the bed , rachel closed her eyes and offered up a silent prayer that her stepdaughter would welcome her half brother or sister into their family . 
 a cold sweat broke out across her forehead as apprehension settled over her . 
 `` hey , rachel , '' bruce said , crashing into the bedroom . 
 `` what 's the holdup ? 
 if we do n't leave now , we wo n't make our reservation . '' 
 she gave him a weak smile . 
 bruce did n't appear to notice her uneasiness as she reached for her purse . 
 jolene was waiting in the living room and eyed rachel curiously when she appeared . 
 `` you are n't sick , are you ? '' 
 the question was n't one of concern . 
 she asked it as if she expected rachel to do something to ruin this evening her father had planned for them . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she lied . 
 bruce pulled the car out of the garage and rachel got into the front seat beside her husband . 
 jolene slammed the rear door as a reminder that until bruce had married rachel , she 'd always sat in front . 
 bruce had yet to comment on the abuse his daughter gave the rear door . 
 rachel let it go . 
 that door was the least of her problems . 
 bruce located a convenient parking spot at d.d. 's and the three of them walked to the restaurant . 
 rachel saw that jolene stayed close to bruce 's side , preventing her from walking next to her husband . 
 bruce seemed unaware of the girl 's maneuvering and rachel was n't about to get into a shoving match over whose right it was to be next to bruce . 
 she followed quietly a couple of steps behind , desperately hoping she 'd make it through the evening . 
 the hostess seated them and jolene instantly slid into the booth beside bruce . 
 `` the last time we were here we split a bowl of steamed clams , '' jolene told him . 
 `` can we do that again ? '' 
 `` sure , '' bruce said , without looking up from his menu . 
 jolene knew that rachel disliked clams . 
 she hated to be paranoid but her stepdaughter seemed to be going out of her way once again to prove that rachel was an intruder on their happy family . 
 this was all the more reason , in rachel 's view , to delay telling jolene about the pregnancy . 
 unfortunately , bruce did n't agree . 
 he also disagreed that counseling might help . 
 rachel had tentatively brought it up , but he insisted that they could work out their own problems-and that jolene would refuse to go anyway . 
 bruce and jolene had steamed clams as an appetizer , while rachel sipped herbal tea . 
 she did her best not to watch for fear that looking at them eating clams would upset her stomach even more . 
 jolene made slurping sounds as she ate , suggesting that she was thoroughly enjoying herself . 
 `` let 's order dinner , '' bruce said as the waitress removed the bowl of clam shells . 
 `` do you know what you want ? '' 
 he asked rachel . 
 `` can i have steak ? '' 
 jolene cut in , not allowing rachel to respond . 
 bruce smiled indulgently at his daughter . 
 `` you can order anything you like , sweetheart . '' 
 he looked at rachel again . 
 `` dad , what are you going to eat ? '' 
 again , jolene cut rachel off before she had an opportunity to answer . 
 `` i believe i 'll have a t-bone . 
 this is a celebration , after all . '' 
 he smiled at rachel , clearly pleased with himself . 
 he did n't seem to share any of her concerns about jolene 's reaction to their news . 
 rachel wondered how her husband could be this oblivious . 
 after helping jolene with her algebra , she thought her relationship with the girl had improved . 
 that peace , however , was short-lived . 
 within a matter of days , everything returned to the way it was from the moment rachel had married jolene 's father . 
 instead of the family friend rachel had been , starting when jolene was in first grade , she became an interloper , the woman who 'd trespassed on the girl 's territory . 
 it 'd been just jolene and her father for so long that no one , no matter how close , would fit into the family picture . 
 when the waitress came for their dinner order , rachel was finally able to announce her choice . 
 she asked for crab cakes with rice pilaf and a green salad . 
 both bruce and jolene chose the full steak dinner , complete with baked potato , soup and salad . 
 bruce , at least , was in high spirits . 
 rachel tried to catch his mood ; she ignored every slight jolene threw at her , smiled sweetly and pretended it did n't hurt that her own husband had n't noticed the way his daughter treated her . 
 to be fair , rachel did n't know if she was being over-sensitive , since the pregnancy had played havoc with her emotions . 
 the best she could do was disregard the verbal jabs and refrain from countering even the nastiest ones . 
 father and daughter spoke animatedly through dinner . 
 rachel swallowed a few bites and then asked for a take-out container . 
 by contrast bruce and jolene both ate their entire meals . 
 `` how about dessert ? '' 
 bruce said when the last of their dishes had been removed from the table . 
 rachel placed her hand on her stomach . 
 `` i 'm full . 
 i could n't eat a single bite , '' she protested . 
 `` i could , '' jolene said eagerly . 
 `` what would you like , dad ? '' 
 bruce read over the dessert menu and then looked at his daughter . 
 `` i suppose you want the ice cream sundae with chocolate sauce . '' 
 `` dad , '' she moaned playfully . 
 `` that 's for kids . '' 
 `` you 're still a kid , '' bruce said . 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 jolene giggled . 
 the girl was happier than she 'd been in all the months since rachel had married bruce . 
 it was easy to see why . 
 jolene was in her element . 
 she had her father 's full attention and she 'd managed to shut rachel out . 
 what jolene did n't know was that her father was about to deliver a devastating blow that would disrupt her entire world . 
 they each ordered a different dessert . 
 bruce got the apple tart warmed and with vanilla ice cream and jolene chose a slice of chocolate cake . 
 bruce waited until their dessert was served , then stretched his hand across the table to reach for rachel 's . 
 his fingers curled around hers . 
 jolene stared at rachel and narrowed her eyes menacingly . 
 `` i mentioned that tonight 's a celebration , '' bruce began , turning to his daughter . 
 jolene slowly nodded . 
 `` do you know what we 're celebrating ? '' 
 he asked . 
 for a moment , jolene looked confused . 
 `` i passed my algebra test and advanced to intermediate in swimming , remember ? '' 
 `` i do , '' bruce commented . 
 jolene had been forced to take the swimming test three times before advancing . 
 in addition , she 'd gotten a b-on her algebra final . 
 both tests had been hard for her . 
 rachel was proud of jolene , although the girl had scorned her praise . 
 `` this is n't about making it into the intermediate swimming class or doing well on your algebra final , '' rachel told her . 
 jolene looked blankly at her father . 
 `` then what are we celebrating ? '' 
 bruce glanced at rachel and offered her a soft , reassuring smile . 
 `` rachel told me some exciting news recently . '' 
 `` rachel did ? '' 
 this was asked as if she had difficulty believing rachel was capable of saying anything of interest . 
 `` jolene , tonight we 're celebrating the fact that you 're going to become a big sister . '' 
 the girl looked from her father to rachel , and then back at bruce before the light dawned . 
 she turned to face rachel . 
 `` you 're having a baby ? '' 
 the question was an accusation more than an inquiry . 
 gazing down at the table , rachel nodded and then , reminding herself that she had nothing to be ashamed of , boldly met jolene 's eyes . 
 `` daddy ? '' 
 the girl turned to her father . 
 her face crumpled as if she was begging him to tell her it was n't true . 
 `` did n't you hear me ? '' 
 bruce asked in the same animated way he 'd announced her pregnancy . 
 `` we 're having a baby . '' 
 `` i heard , '' jolene muttered . 
 `` are n't you happy ? '' 
 reluctantly she nodded . 
 `` you can name the baby if you want , '' bruce said next . 
 he had n't discussed this with rachel . 
 however , if it helped jolene adjust , she was more than willing to let the girl make suggestions . 
 `` is it a boy or a girl ? '' 
 she asked sullenly . 
 `` it 's too early to tell , '' rachel said . 
 `` i wo n't have an ultrasound for several weeks . '' 
 personally , she 'd rather not know the sex of their baby . 
 however , it seemed important to jolene . 
 rachel took longer than she should have to realize why . 
 jolene was afraid a baby girl would be competition for her father 's affection . 
 `` i thought you 'd show more enthusiasm than this , '' bruce complained . 
 `` give her time , '' rachel said , hoping a gentle approach would soothe jolene 's feelings . 
 she directed her subsequent remark to jolene . 
 `` i understand this is a shock and i apologize if it upsets you . '' 
 `` jolene 's not upset , '' bruce said . 
 `` you are n't , are you ? '' 
 she did n't respond . 
 instead , she glared straight ahead , avoiding eye contact with both her father and rachel . 
 the waitress brought the bill and bruce reached for his wallet . 
 `` how about a movie ? '' 
 he suggested as he slid his credit card into the holder . 
 rachel could n't imagine jolene agreeing to spend any more time with her than necessary . 
 `` can we just go home ? '' 
 the girl asked . 
 `` sure . '' 
 bruce was more than eager to appease his daughter in any way he could . 
 they left the restaurant and drove back to the house . 
 bruce stopped to set the garbage cans by the curb while rachel and jolene went inside . 
 jolene immediately raced to her bedroom . 
 rachel slumped down in a living room chair . 
 this had gone exactly as she 'd expected . 
 `` where 's jolene ? '' 
 bruce asked as he threw his car keys on the kitchen counter . 
 `` her room . '' 
 rachel guessed she was on her cell , talking to her friends , spilling the disastrous news to anyone and everyone who 'd listen . 
 and once bruce was out of the house , the silent treatment would start . 
 it was either that or a tirade against rachel because of how she 'd single-handedly ruined the girl 's life . 
 bruce stood in the middle of the room , hands on his hips . 
 `` why 's everyone so miserable ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i could n't be happier about the baby . 
 i 'm thrilled to death . 
 okay , i know we agreed to wait for jolene 's sake , but the deed is done . 
 she 'll get used to it . '' 
 rachel feared that was simply wishful thinking on his part . 
 `` i hope so , '' she whispered . 
 `` give the kid some credit , '' bruce said . 
 `` jolene is flexible . 
 it might take her a while to come to terms with the fact that we 're adding to the family , but eventually she 'll be as happy as we are . '' 
 `` eventually , '' rachel echoed . 
 she was n't a pessimist by nature , but she did n't share his optimism about jolene . 
 he studied her for a moment . 
 `` you look tired . '' 
 `` i am , '' she said . 
 it was a mild exaggeration , but she needed time alone to think . 
 `` would you mind if i went to bed ? '' 
 glancing at his watch , he arched his brows . 
 `` it 's only seven-thirty . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he smiled slowly . 
 `` interested in company ? '' 
 she smiled back . 
 `` sorry , not tonight . '' 
 his face fell . 
 `` is it going to be like this during the whole pregnancy ? '' 
 he sounded like a little boy who 'd been deprived of dessert . 
 `` bruce , '' she snapped , in no mood to deal with this . 
 `` all right , all right , i apologize . 
 it 's just that it 's been a while . '' 
 `` three days , '' she reminded him . 
 `` are you keeping track ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` is n't that like closing the barn door after the cow gets out ? '' 
 `` it 's a horse . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 `` i suppose you 're right . 
 we should 've paid more attention before now . '' 
 she stood and started toward their bedroom . 
 reaching out , bruce grabbed her hand . 
 his eyes were dark . 
 `` are you saying you 'd rather you were n't pregnant ? '' 
 `` oh , honestly , bruce . 
 you have to know the timing 's all wrong . 
 jolene is upset and - '' he released her hand . 
 `` fine . 
 if having my baby is such a hardship , then i wo n't trouble you again . 
 i 'll move into the spare bedroom and you can rest assured i wo n't interrupt your precious sleep . '' 
 so it had come to this . 
 the two of them were at odds , attacking each other . 
 this should be the happiest time of her life and it was all rachel could do not to break into tears . 
 `` did you hear me ? '' 
 bruce demanded . 
 `` if moving into the spare bedroom is what you want , then do n't let me stop you . '' 
 thirty-four roy mcafee was n't a man who got involved in other people 's affairs . 
 in his line of work , he 'd seen enough to make any man skeptical of the human heart . 
 because of that , he tried to stay away from divorce cases , especially those that included child custody disputes . 
 most of his work concerned background checks and insurance investigations . 
 in his opinion , people had a right to live the way they wanted , unless they hurt or swindled others . 
 the reason he was making an exception now had to do with his daughter gloria . 
 she 'd made her decision not to tell chad timmons she was pregnant . 
 corrie had given gloria her word that she 'd abide by that decision . 
 roy , however , saw his own situation reflected in chad 's - a situation that had n't been righted for more than three decades . 
 he refused to let that happen again . 
 `` where are you off to ? '' 
 corrie asked as he headed out the front door on wednesday afternoon . 
 in an instance such as this , it was best to be vague . 
 `` there 's something i need to do . '' 
 `` is this something i know about ? '' 
 corrie eyed him speculatively , as if she 'd guessed exactly who he intended to see and what he intended to do . 
 roy swore his wife had some sort of psychic ability . 
 she seemed to instinctively know this had to do with gloria and chad . 
 he hedged , reluctant to lie , and at the same time unwilling to admit he was a man on a mission-or to tell her what that mission entailed . 
 she raised her eyebrows . 
 `` why do n't you want me to know what this is about ? '' 
 he muttered a few words he 'd rather she did n't hear and opened the door . 
 `` roy ? '' 
 `` like i said , this is something i need to do . '' 
 she slipped in front of him , blocking his exit . 
 `` you 're going to talk to chad timmons , are n't you ? '' 
 he did n't confirm or deny the statement . 
 `` roy , do n't . 
 please reconsider , '' corrie whispered with an urgency that gave him pause . 
 he clutched the car keys so tightly they dug into his hands . 
 `` that young man has a right to know about his baby . '' 
 corrie closed her eyes and he knew she was thinking back to the time she 'd found herself pregnant and alone . 
 the same memory had haunted him from the moment their daughter came to tell them she was pregnant and the father was out of her life . 
 `` this is the first time gloria has ever come to us with a problem , '' corrie argued . 
 `` it 's been a breakthrough in our relationship . 
 if you say anything to chad , it could destroy her trust . 
 it could destroy everything . 
 i 'm begging you , roy , do n't do this . '' 
 roy 's eyes bored into hers and he stood his ground . 
 they so rarely disagreed that it made this standoff even more difficult . 
 still , roy was determined . 
 `` the young man has a right to know , '' he repeated . 
 corrie gave him a sad smile . 
 `` what you 're saying is that you had a right to know and i did n't tell you . '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 he all but shouted . 
 when he 'd discovered he had a daughter he would never meet , it had nearly broken his spirit . 
 he loved corrie and had asked her to be his wife , and yet she 'd kept this secret for months . 
 the anger and anguish had nearly consumed him . 
 what she 'd done had the power to tear them apart . 
 roy had n't let that happen ; instead , he 'd buried his feelings . 
 but he understood now that this unresolved matter could still undermine their marriage , their relationship . 
 `` i 've never begged you for anything , '' his wife said . 
 `` do n't do this . 
 please , roy , do n't do this . '' 
 unsure now , he walked over to his recliner and sagged into it . 
 his car keys dangled from his hand as he leaned forward , gripped by indecision . 
 he believed that contacting chad timmons was the right thing to do for gloria and her baby . 
 yet everything corrie said was true . 
 their daughter , the very one he 'd thought forever lost , was back in their lives . 
 corrie feared , as he did , that going against her will would destroy their fragile bond . 
 corrie remained where she stood . 
 `` i need to think , '' he murmured . 
 `` okay , '' she agreed after a prolonged moment . 
 he heard the reluctance in her voice . 
 `` think of gloria-this is what she wants , '' corrie said . 
 `` right or wrong , these are her wishes . '' 
 feeling the full weight of his years , roy wiped a hand down his face . 
 `` have you ever wondered what would 've happened if i 'd found out you were pregnant ? '' 
 he asked . 
 corrie did n't answer him . 
 `` you 'll never know because you made the decision not to tell me . '' 
 he tried hard to keep the bitterness out of his voice . 
 `` you were seeing someone else . '' 
 her words rang with painful accusation . 
 `` what did you expect me to do ? '' 
 `` i expected you to tell me , '' he barked . 
 corrie had taken the choice away from him . 
 he 'd been young and stupid , and even now he could n't be completely sure how he would 've handled the situation . 
 he liked to think he would have stepped up and been a man , but again that was something he 'd never know . 
 `` let me give it more thought , '' he said when he 'd regained control of his emotions . 
 what had happened had happened ; they could n't go back and undo the past . 
 reviving these dead emotions could only hurt them . 
 corrie sat down on the sofa and pressed her hands between her knees . 
 when she spoke she lowered her head , her words barely audible . 
 `` i know what gloria feels . '' 
 `` tell me , '' he urged , wanting to understand how she 'd rationalized her silence all those years ago . 
 `` she 's afraid . '' 
 `` of what ? '' 
 he challenged . 
 corrie glanced up . 
 `` rejection . 
 blame . '' 
 `` blame ? '' 
 roy stared at her . 
 `` why would i blame you ? 
 the responsibility for birth control should be shared . '' 
 `` it was more than that . '' 
 `` explain it to me . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 had an important decision to make and i wanted to make it myself , without pressure from you . '' 
 her reasoning irritated him . 
 `` do n't you think that was rather selfish ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 corrie would not back down . 
 `` i was young and immature , '' she said . 
 `` i had all i could deal with already . 
 i could n't handle you being in the center of the situation . 
 gloria feels the same way . 
 chad is out of her life . 
 he , too , is involved with someone else . 
 gloria feels as i did-that she 'd rather deal with this on her own . '' 
 hearing her so coldly cut out chad , just as corrie had eliminated him from the equation , made the decision easy for roy . 
 he came to his feet and stalked out of the house . 
 `` roy ! '' 
 his wife called after him . 
 `` do n't do this . 
 please ... do n't do this , '' she wailed . 
 roy ignored her , climbed into his car and drove off . 
 he could n't say he looked forward to meeting chad timmons . 
 the task of informing the other man that he was about to become a father would n't be pleasant . 
 he drove into tacoma and parked at the hospital . 
 his visit was brief . 
 he left a message for chad with the receptionist , asking the doctor to meet him at a tavern close to the hospital . 
 whether or not chad decided to show up was his choice . 
 if he did n't arrive within half an hour of the end of his shift-which the receptionist had told him was 4:00 p.m.-roy would take that to mean chad was n't interested in talking to him . 
 in that case , he would n't pursue the issue . 
 corrie and gloria would get their wish . 
 but , by the same token , roy would feel he 'd done what he had to do . 
 he sat at a table in the darkened room and ordered a beer . 
 he was n't much of a drinking man . 
 never had been , but there were occasions that seemed to call for it . 
 this was one of them . 
 he 'd drunk about half his beer when the door opened and dr. chad timmons entered . 
 they 'd met briefly at the opening of the medical clinic , and roy recognized him immediately . 
 the younger man paused near the entrance and looked around . 
 roy raised his chin just enough for timmons to spot him . 
 chad walked the length of the room and stood in front of him . 
 `` you wanted to speak to me ? '' 
 he asked defensively . 
 roy gestured toward the chair . 
 chad ignored the silent invitation to join him . 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 `` sit down , son . '' 
 with obvious reluctance he pulled out a chair and sat . 
 `` you know my daughter , '' roy said without emotion . 
 `` i know both your daughters , '' chad returned . 
 for a moment roy had forgotten that at one time linnette had been infatuated with chad . 
 `` has something happened to gloria ? '' 
 chad asked . 
 a look of concern passed over his face . 
 roy managed to disguise a smile . 
 `` that 's one way of putting it . '' 
 he caught the bartender 's eye , lifted his nearly empty glass and held up two fingers . 
 a minute later , two pints were delivered to their table . 
 `` i did n't ask for this , '' chad said , still sounding defensive . 
 roy resisted the urge to suggest he was going to need it . 
 instead , he offered the other man a few words of advice . 
 `` do n't turn down a free beer . '' 
 chad cracked a smile . 
 `` would you mind if i told you a story about me ? '' 
 roy asked . 
 chad motioned for him to proceed . 
 `` corrie and i were college sweethearts . 
 i was playing for the football team and became a bit of a campus celebrity . 
 i 'm afraid i let that attention go to my head . '' 
 `` it can happen easily enough , '' chad said . 
 he leaned forward and put his elbows on the table . 
 `` especially when one of the sexiest cheerleaders on the squad made a play for me . '' 
 `` hey , you 're only human . '' 
 `` yeah , only human . '' 
 roy was n't proud of this next part . 
 `` i broke up with corrie . 
 as they say , i had bigger fish to fry . 
 i knew i 'd hurt her and i felt bad about that , but alicia-the cheerleader-made it clear she did n't like competition . '' 
 chad grinned as if he understood roy 's quandary . 
 `` it was either one or the other , right ? '' 
 `` you 've got the picture . '' 
 roy paused and sipped his beer . 
 `` corrie left school and i have to tell you i was relieved not to see her around campus . 
 especially after alicia dumped me . '' 
 `` any particular reason you lost the cheerleader ? '' 
 roy nodded . 
 `` i got hurt , put on injured reserved . 
 my star had fallen . 
 alicia moved on . '' 
 `` bigger fish ? '' 
 `` you bet . '' 
 roy 's hand tightened around the beer mug . 
 `` i decided that if i was going into law enforcement , i could n't risk another injury . 
 so i gave up sports and concentrated on my studies . '' 
 `` you joined the seattle police force , did n't you ? '' 
 roy nodded . 
 `` i made detective . '' 
 chad arched his brows . 
 `` that injury returned to haunt me years later , when i hurt my back during a chase , and it led to my taking early retirement . 
 but that 's another story . '' 
 `` is there a point to this story ? '' 
 chad asked . 
 `` oh , yes , there 's a point . 
 i 'll get to it in a minute . '' 
 chad lifted his mug . 
 `` if you 're buying the beer , take as long as you want . '' 
 roy chuckled , relaxing against the back of the captain 's chair . 
 `` i ran into corrie on campus a short while later . 
 that was the following year . 
 we met at the library . 
 when i saw her again , i was stunned by how beautiful she was . 
 how genuine . 
 i could n't believe i 'd left her for someone as superficial as alicia . '' 
 `` i 'm surprised corrie would have anything to do with you . '' 
 roy had to agree . 
 `` she did n't make it easy . 
 i sort of accidentally on purpose showed up at the library every night , about the same time i knew she 'd be there . '' 
 `` smart man . '' 
 `` i did n't make detective on looks alone . '' 
 chad grinned . 
 `` eventually corrie realized i was serious and agreed to go out with me again . 
 i did n't make the same mistake twice , and just before i graduated i asked her to be my wife . '' 
 `` now that was a good move . '' 
 `` i could n't agree with you more . '' 
 roy straightened and stared down at his beer . 
 `` the night before we were married , corrie told me that when she 'd gone home to live with her family she 'd given birth to my baby . '' 
 he made eye contact with chad . 
 `` gloria . '' 
 `` yes , gloria . 
 i did n't know i had a daughter until after she 'd been given up for adoption . '' 
 chad frowned . 
 `` like her mother , gloria tends to be ... cautious with what she shares . 
 private . '' 
 `` yes , she does , '' chad said . 
 uncertain how to lead into the purpose of his visit , roy met chad 's eyes again . 
 `` she says you 're seeing someone else now . '' 
 chad held his look . 
 `` if you do n't mind , i 'd rather not discuss my personal life . '' 
 `` that 's fine with me . 
 however , before i say anything more , i want to tell you that i 'm taking a huge risk seeing you this afternoon . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` my wife is dead set against it , and when gloria finds out she 'll probably never speak to me again . '' 
 `` she came to see me . '' 
 chad took a sip of his beer . 
 `` about three weeks ago . '' 
 `` so she said . 
 did you ever ask her why ? '' 
 `` i know why . 
 she changed her mind again . 
 frankly , she 's done this to me twice and i 'm through playing her games . 
 if she sent you to talk to me , then you 've wasted your money on good beer . '' 
 he paused , as though everything was beginning to add up . 
 `` but you said she might not appreciate the fact that you came to see me , so what 's up ? '' 
 roy ignored the question . 
 `` i came because i was n't going to sit idly by and let history repeat itself . '' 
 chad stared at him . 
 `` are you that obtuse , young man ? '' 
 roy asked . 
 chad 's mouth fell open . 
 it seemed to hit him all at once . 
 his chest expanded and then as quickly deflated . 
 he stood , thrust his hands in his pockets and walked around the table . 
 `` another beer ? '' 
 the bartender called out . 
 roy shook his head . 
 `` bring me a shot of whiskey , '' chad told him , and then , looking at roy , he said , `` never mind . 
 just bring the bottle . '' 
 thirty-five mack had always assumed it was the bride who 'd be nervous , not the groom . 
 he certainly did n't expect to be the one pacing back and forth an hour before the wedding . 
 everything had come together so quickly that his mind was spinning . 
 once mary jo had agreed to marry him-and once they 'd told his mother-the wedding seemed to take on a momentum of its own . 
 but the best news was that ben rhodes had gotten david to agree to sign relinquishment papers , although he had n't told anyone how he 'd managed it or what he 'd said . 
 it had happened the day of another wedding-troy and faith 's . 
 some people , like his father , thought ben had offered david an incentive ; others , like jack griffin , believed he 'd used some kind of leverage . 
 all mack cared about , however , was the fact that he could now adopt noelle . 
 linnette and pete 's plan to visit cedar cove in early august made the choice of a wedding date easier . 
 if his sister and new brother-in-law were going to be in cedar cove , he and mary jo should take advantage of it . 
 once the date was set , the details all seemed to fall into place . 
 a whirlwind of events followed . 
 his mother had arranged the reception and hired a photographer , while mary jo and linc 's wife , lori , worked on the wedding dress . 
 lori had designed it and had seen to its completion in record time . 
 according to mary jo , lori was immensely talented , not that mack knew anything about women 's clothing . 
 although he had n't actually seen this work-of-art wedding creation , he 'd certainly heard enough about it from mary jo . 
 in getting all the arrangements made for the wedding , they 'd also attended premarriage classes with pastor dave flemming for two weeks . 
 the sessions had seemed like a waste of time and effort when the pastor first mentioned them . 
 now that they were over , mack was happy dave had urged them to attend . 
 of the many things they 'd discussed , the one that stuck in his mind was the way that assumptions could be detrimental to relationships . 
 assumptions about themselves and each other . 
 the six hour-long meetings with the pastor had made him aware of various issues between him and mary jo . 
 issues that could lead to contentious problems later on . 
 like his tendency to be overprotective and mary jo 's to withhold her feelings . 
 he was grateful to have had this opportunity to prepare for marriage and felt confident that they had a good chance of making their life together work . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 his father stepped into the small vestibule behind the altar where mack waited . 
 waited and paced . 
 he 'd sit down and then vault to his feet and resume pacing . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 he heard the hesitation in his own voice . 
 roy chuckled and slapped him on the back . 
 `` linc will be here in less than ten minutes , so you can stop worrying . '' 
 linc wyse would serve as mack 's best man , and lori was standing up as mary jo 's matron of honor . 
 `` you mean to say he 's not here yet ? '' 
 mack stopped abruptly . 
 he 'd been so consumed with his own nervousness that he had n't realized his best man had n't shown up . 
 `` everything 's going to be just fine , '' roy assured him , grinning widely . 
 mack scowled at his father . 
 `` i do n't know why you think this is so funny . '' 
 `` sorry , i ca n't help it . 
 this wedding business brings up a lot of memories . 
 i was a nervous wreck before i married your mother , too . 
 in fact , i nearly fainted at the altar . '' 
 mack could hardly believe that his highly competent , unflappable father had ever been nervous about anything , let alone his own wedding . 
 `` your mother was so beautiful i could n't keep my eyes off her and when it came time to repeat my vows i was so tongue-tied - '' `` dad , stop it , '' mack said . 
 he was already having enough difficulties ; he did n't need his father regaling him with horror stories just before his wedding . 
 `` sorry , son . '' 
 roy did have the good grace to look guilty . 
 `` where 's mom ? '' 
 mack asked , hoping a change of subject would settle his mind . 
 appearing cool and relaxed , his father sat on the chair so recently vacated by mack and crossed his legs . 
 `` she 's with charlotte rhodes , getting everything set up for the reception . '' 
 the church had agreed to let mack and mary jo use the fellowship hall following the wedding for their reception . 
 mack would have liked the waterfront gazebo , but that had been reserved months earlier by another couple , as was nearly every other facility in town . 
 when pastor flemming had offered them the fellowship hall , it had been a big relief to his mother , who 'd been working diligently on the problem . 
 `` why is charlotte rhodes helping mom with the reception ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his father gave him an odd look . 
 `` she baked the wedding cakes . '' 
 mack remembered that now-or at least the part about charlotte doing the baking . 
 she was justly famous for her culinary skills . 
 `` cakes , as in more than one ? '' 
 if he distracted himself with details , he might actually get through this wedding without making an idiot of himself . 
 `` apparently you and mary jo are going to have one big cake and three smaller ones . '' 
 `` we are ? '' 
 mack did n't recall that . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` do n't know . 
 that 's what your mother told me . '' 
 mack had only a vague recollection of their long discussions about the flowers and cake and a dozen other matters . 
 mack had left most of it to his mother , mary jo and lori . 
 he did n't have the patience for that sort of thing . 
 he guessed few men did . 
 as it was , he found wearing this tuxedo downright uncomfortable . 
 the last time he 'd worn a suit had been for his grandfather 's funeral and that was ... he 'd lost count of the years . 
 a tuxedo . 
 him ? 
 mary jo and lori had said he should rent one . 
 he 'd gone along with it , thinking he did n't really have a choice . 
 only when he and linc had gone for the fitting had he figured out otherwise . 
 his brother-in-law had complained at great length , but by then it was too late for them to take a stand . 
 in mack 's opinion , an opinion seconded by linc , formal wear was an instrument of torture . 
 `` i understand ben rhodes is bringing a special guest , '' roy said . 
 mack did n't have a chance to respond or ask who it was before the door flew open and a breathless linc shot into the room . 
 `` sorry , sorry , '' he said . 
 `` i got a flat tire . 
 have you ever tried to change a tire in one of these getups ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 he straightened his sleeves and exhaled heavily . 
 mack leaned against the wall . 
 linc stared hard at him . 
 `` you 're looking pale . 
 you 're not going to faint on me , are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm not planning on it . '' 
 now that linc mentioned it , mack did feel light-headed . 
 his father 's admission of his own wedding-day troubles had n't helped . 
 feeling a sudden need to sit down , mack sank into a chair and leaned forward , bracing his elbows on his knees . 
 roy placed a comforting hand on his shoulder . 
 `` the wedding will go off without a hitch , do n't you worry . 
 you 'll do fine . '' 
 mack hoped so . 
 before he could think of anything else to worry about , pastor flemming came in . 
 it was time . 
 his father left . 
 then linc and mack came through the vestibule door to stand beside the altar . 
 he watched as his parents were seated in the front row next to linnette and pete . 
 gloria sat with them , on his parents ' other side . 
 noelle slept in her arms . 
 ned and mel wyse sat in the pew across from them , together with some of mary jo 's seattle friends . 
 as mack looked at his family he saw his mother reach for a tissue . 
 trying not to be obvious , corrie dabbed at her eyes . 
 the music had n't even started and already his mother was getting emotional . 
 this was supposed to be a happy occasion ! 
 strangely , seeing his mother so affected by this wedding seemed to relax him . 
 he found he was smiling . 
 as he glanced at his father , roy winked in his direction . 
 the church was nearly full . 
 mack and mary jo had mailed out invitations ; he could n't keep track of the number of people his mother had added to the list . 
 his parents ' friends had made a point of attending , along with half the fire station . 
 their support touched him . 
 he 'd become close friends with these men in a short period of time . 
 he was n't surprised by the number of guests as much as he was honored . 
 then the organ music began . 
 everyone stood as mary jo appeared at the back of the church . 
 mack straightened his shoulders and turned to face the woman who was about to become his wife . 
 one glance at her , and his breath caught in his throat . 
 he must have taken a small step forward because linc placed a restraining hand on his arm . 
 mary jo had never looked more beautiful . 
 the dress , lace and pearls over silk , was everything she 'd promised . 
 their eyes met , happiness radiating from hers . 
 he felt her joy and experienced his own profound sense of rightness . 
 for a moment he forgot to breathe . 
 he stood transfixed , unable to move . 
 not until pastor flemming spoke did mack realize it was time to stand by mary jo 's side and repeat his vows . 
 the rest of the ceremony was lost in a whirl of words . 
 somehow he managed to say and do all that was required of him . 
 while he 'd been nervous earlier , now he felt calm and confident . 
 deep in his heart , his soul , he recognized that he 'd made the best decision of his life when he 'd asked mary jo to be his wife . 
 organ music soared through the church as they walked down the aisle together as husband and wife . 
 several guys from the station high-fived him as he walked past . 
 mack 's smile was so big it hurt his face . 
 everyone followed them from the church to the fellowship hall , where the tables were set up . 
 the area had been transformed with flowers , decorations and balloons . 
 mack had no idea who was responsible for all this but he guessed his mother , linnette and gloria had played a large role . 
 together with his parents , mack and mary jo formed a short reception line and greeted their guests as they came through the door . 
 `` you might remember that i mentioned ben rhodes was bringing a special guest , '' roy said to him in a low voice . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 who is it ? '' 
 his father pointed at the other side of the room , where jacob dennison sat in his wheelchair . 
 `` mary jo , look , '' he said , and nodded toward dennison . 
 `` oh , mack . '' 
 when their last guest had entered the hall , mack took mary jo by the hand and led her across the room . 
 dennison smiled up at them . 
 `` what a fine young couple you make . '' 
 `` it 's such an honor to have you at our wedding , '' mary jo told the old man in a tremulous voice . 
 `` i would n't want to miss this . 
 you two gave me a priceless gift by returning the letters i wrote joan . 
 reading them brought back memories i 'd long forgotten , memories i want to pass on to my children and grandchildren . 
 this is a piece of my history-of their history , too . 
 i will be forever grateful to you . '' 
 mary jo bent down to kiss jacob 's cheek . 
 `` now , '' he went on to say , `` i wish for you the same happiness joan and i had together . 
 may your life be filled with love and may you always be as happy as you are this day . '' 
 mary jo smiled tearfully and looked at mack . 
 he tightened his hand on hers . 
 dennison glanced at the wedding cakes . 
 `` i do n't suppose you 'd mind cutting me a piece of cake , would you ? '' 
 `` i would love to , '' mary jo told him . 
 they made their way through the crowd toward the wedding cakes . 
 when they were almost there , mary jo paused and placed her hand over her heart . 
 `` what jacob said ? 
 i am happy , mack , so happy . '' 
 `` i am , too . '' 
 this was no exaggeration . 
 mack was n't even sure how to describe the emotion that suffused every part of him . 
 he felt both calm , supremely calm , and ecstatic , surrounded by his family and friends , surrounded by happiness . 
 he and his father exchanged a smile . 
 roy was n't a man who smiled often or freely , but he did now . 
 mack felt his approval , his support . 
 his mother was mingling with guests , completely in her element . 
 his two sisters sat at a table , their heads close together , chatting about heaven knew what . 
 gloria continued to hold the sleeping noelle . 
 linnette was obviously pregnant now and due in another six weeks . 
 pete seemed content , talking to one of mack 's firefighter buddies . 
 mary jo cut the large , tiered cake and after they 'd posed for pictures they delivered the first slice to jacob dennison . 
 ben and charlotte sat with him and had been joined by olivia and her husband , jack griffin . 
 grace and cliff harding were at the same table . 
 corrie and charlotte took over cake duty , much to mack 's relief , with the assistance of emily flemming , the pastor 's wife . 
 noelle woke then and wanted to be held , so mack took the baby in his arms and carried her around the room . 
 then he and mary jo went to sit with her brothers for a few minutes . 
 mel , linc and ned were all enjoying wedding cake , tasting and comparing the different varieties . 
 `` i can hardly believe my baby sister 's married , '' linc said to no one in particular . 
 `` is n't it time for us to go ? '' 
 mary jo whispered to mack . 
 `` before my brothers start crying in their cake ? '' 
 `` we are n't crying , '' mel insisted . 
 `` well , i 'm not giving you a chance to get started , '' mary jo informed them . 
 `` besides , '' she said , smiling up at mack , `` we need to leave for our honeymoon . '' 
 thirty-six `` i do n't want her here ! '' 
 jolene shouted loudly enough to be heard on the opposite side of the house . 
 `` jolene , '' bruce snapped . 
 he knew jolene wanted rachel to hear every word , which she probably had . 
 the tension between them was driving him to the point of madness . 
 he was trapped in a seemingly hopeless situation , and anything he said or did only made matters worse . 
 `` i do n't want her living here , '' his daughter continued . 
 `` rachel is your stepmother and my wife , '' he said with barely restrained anger . 
 `` that 's not going to change , so you 'd better adjust your attitude . '' 
 bruce had tried to let the two of them work this out themselves . 
 unfortunately , that had n't happened . 
 he did n't understand how all this crazy , competitive jealousy had gotten so out of hand , although he was well aware that jolene had played the major role . 
 at one time she 'd loved rachel almost to the point of idol worship . 
 they 'd been close from the day they 'd met , when he 'd taken jolene to get nailed for a haircut . 
 it was through his daughter that bruce had gotten to know rachel . 
 bruce slumped onto his recliner in the living room and wished this senseless bickering would end . 
 rachel had told him before they were married that jolene needed more time . 
 he had n't listened . 
 he 'd wanted the three of them together as a family , so he 'd rushed things and brushed aside jolene 's doubts and rachel 's fears . 
 now they were all paying the price . 
 no one was happy , least of all bruce . 
 since their argument the night of the dinner , he 'd been sleeping in the spare bedroom . 
 that was a week ago . 
 a week without rachel in his bed . 
 he missed her and wanted her back where she belonged . 
 with him . 
 he 'd made overtures to that effect , but rachel had ignored them . 
 `` dad , '' jolene demanded . 
 `` you 've got to do something . '' 
 slowly he raised his head . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` rachel . '' 
 `` rachel is my wife . '' 
 he was n't going to argue with his teenage daughter . 
 jolene 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` she is n't even sleeping with you . 
 the two of you hardly talk anymore . '' 
 bruce could n't deny the truth . 
 `` every couple goes through an adjustment period . 
 rachel and i will sort this out . '' 
 he certainly was n't prepared to call it quits , and he did n't think rachel wanted that , either . 
 they 'd come a long way in the past few years . 
 it was n't as if they were kids who 'd rushed into the relationship . 
 the marriage , yes , you could say that , but not the relationship . 
 when they 'd first met , bruce was determined he 'd never fall in love or marry again after stephanie 's death . 
 then gradually , through the years , he 'd come to appreciate rachel . 
 more than once he thought he 'd lost her . 
 more than once he 'd been sure she 'd marry nate townsend , that navy guy . 
 but she had n't . 
 no , rachel was meant to be with him-and with jolene , too . 
 `` we do n't need her , '' jolene insisted , unwilling to drop the subject . 
 `` but she 's pregnant ... '' `` so ? 
 she does n't have to be part of our lives , does she ? 
 everything changed after she moved in with us , and i - '' jolene stopped abruptly when rachel entered the room . 
 `` i hope you do n't mind if i join this conversation , '' his wife said calmly . 
 jolene crossed her arms , looking venomously at rachel . 
 `` jolene has a point , '' rachel said , again in the same low voice , a voice completely devoid of emotion . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` she told us she was uneasy about us getting married , remember ? '' 
 `` i tried to tell you , but you would n't listen , '' his daughter accused him , righteous indignation in every word . 
 `` we 'd already made the decision , '' bruce countered . 
 `` okay , so we rushed the wedding a bit , but i wanted you with me and you said you felt the same way . '' 
 `` i did at the time . '' 
 he frowned at the implications of her remark . 
 `` are you saying you regret it now ? '' 
 to his dismay rachel nodded . 
 jolene thrust a triumphant finger at her stepmother . 
 `` see ? 
 see , she does n't want to be here . '' 
 rachel ignored her . 
 `` jolene has never accepted me as her stepmother . '' 
 bruce did n't like the way this conversation-like so many of their conversations-revolved around his daughter 's likes and dislikes . 
 he and rachel were the adults in the room ; he was n't about to let a thirteen-year-old girl dictate his life or his marriage . 
 he realized now that stepping aside and leaving his daughter and his wife to work out their differences had contributed to the problem . 
 `` jolene , '' he said pointedly , `` will learn to accept you . '' 
 and if it took a counseling session with some stranger to make that happen , so be it . 
 `` daddy ! '' 
 the girl screeched . 
 `` maybe she will . '' 
 rachel shook her head . 
 `` and maybe she wo n't . '' 
 `` all she needs is time , '' bruce muttered . 
 jolene marched up to bruce . 
 `` stop talking about me like i 'm not even here . '' 
 whirling around , she confronted rachel . 
 `` i hate you . 
 i never wanted you to marry my dad . 
 look what you 've done ! 
 you ruined my life . '' 
 `` jolene ! '' 
 bruce had taken all he could from his daughter . 
 rising to his feet , he clasped the girl 's shoulders and turned her to face him . 
 `` you will apologize to rachel . 
 i wo n't have you speaking to her that way . '' 
 jolene glared back at him , her eyes flashing with defiance . 
 his own anger simmered just below the surface . 
 he 'd been stupid and blind . 
 jolene and her malicious jealousy had driven a wedge between rachel and him . 
 `` what jolene said is true . '' 
 rachel surprised him by siding with the girl . 
 `` i am pregnant and now there 's another person to consider in this equation . 
 jolene does n't want this baby any more than she wants me in her life . '' 
 `` now just a minute . '' 
 bruce needed to make it clear that despite his daughter 's attitude he wanted this baby . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i understand - '' `` you understand what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` to paraphrase you , when jolene said you do n't need me , you basically told her you 're stuck with me because i 'm pregnant . '' 
 how she 'd arrived at that conclusion , bruce would never know . 
 `` i did n't say anything like that ! '' 
 `` i heard you , and frankly , neither one of you made any effort to hide your conversation from me . '' 
 `` does that mean you 're going to leave ? '' 
 jolene asked , eyes wide with feigned innocence . 
 bruce was quick to answer . 
 `` definitely not . 
 rachel 's staying here , where she belongs . '' 
 jolene 's shoulders slumped forward . 
 `` daddy , let her go . 
 we do n't need her . '' 
 `` jolene 's right , '' rachel confirmed . 
 `` and as she 's said more times than i can count , i 've come between the two of you and ruined everything . '' 
 jolene 's eyes blazed with triumph . 
 `` see ! 
 even rachel admits it . '' 
 `` i need you , '' bruce argued , ignoring his daughter 's outburst . 
 `` our baby needs you . '' 
 `` i agree , '' rachel said far too easily . 
 `` our baby does need me . 
 he or she needs me to live in a stress-free environment . 
 this child also has to know he or she is loved and wanted by this family . '' 
 `` i love our baby , '' bruce insisted . 
 `` i think it would be best if i left , '' rachel said firmly , as if anything he said , any opinions he held , should n't be taken into account . 
 `` no . '' 
 again , bruce 's response was quick and automatic . 
 this was n't what he wanted . 
 rachel was actually suggesting she move out . 
 none of this seemed real ... or right . 
 `` i think it would be best if you left , too , '' jolene chimed in , sounding gleeful at the prospect of getting rid of her stepmother . 
 `` that 's not going to happen , '' bruce said heatedly . 
 rachel just smiled . 
 `` do you plan to hold me captive ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 bruce could n't believe it had come to this . 
 `` you do n't mean it . 
 rachel , tell me you are n't really going to walk away . '' 
 a sad , defeated look came over her . 
 `` i ca n't continue like this . 
 all the fighting and stress is n't good for the baby and it is n't good for me . 
 jolene is anxious to be rid of me and i do n't have the energy to fight her anymore-not when i have to do it alone . '' 
 `` okay , you 're right . 
 i made a mistake , '' he said . 
 `` maybe i should 've taken a more active role in this ... this conflict between you , but i was afraid if i intervened it would only aggravate the situation . 
 i do n't know ... '' `` well , i know , '' jolene yelled . 
 `` get rachel and that baby out of here . '' 
 bruce 's patience had reached its limit . 
 he pointed to the hallway . 
 `` go to your room . 
 rachel and i need privacy to talk this out . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 jolene stamped her foot . 
 `` you ca n't keep me out of this . 
 i have a right to my say , too . '' 
 `` go to your room ! 
 now . '' 
 his daughter seemed about to argue , but then shrugged and marched out of the room . 
 bruce waited until jolene had disappeared before he spoke again . 
 `` let 's talk about this . '' 
 rachel 's eyes revealed pain and disappointment . 
 `` i 'm not sure what there is to talk about . 
 i ca n't live like this , bruce . 
 i love you and jolene , but i think we can both say we made a mistake . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 bruce refused to see their marriage that way . 
 okay , he 'd admit it ; he 'd made more than his share of blunders . 
 he should 've done more to reassure his daughter and to support his wife . 
 perhaps he 'd been naive to assume that jolene would be as thrilled about rachel 's pregnancy as he was . 
 he 'd hoped she 'd be excited . 
 that seemed a vain , foolish hope now ... `` what if we went to family counseling ? '' 
 he said desperately . 
 `` we could see someone at the clinic or ... or pastor flemming or - '' `` it 's too late . 
 and as you told me before , jolene wo n't go anyway . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` i 'm leaving , bruce , '' rachel said simply . 
 `` please do n't try to persuade me otherwise . '' 
 that had been his intention , but seeing the determination in her eyes , he knew it would do no good . 
 `` where will you go ? '' 
 he asked , feeling defeated . 
 `` a friend offered me a place to live until i can make other arrangements . '' 
 `` teri ? '' 
 `` a friend , '' she repeated . 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` how long will you be gone ? '' 
 she took her time answering . 
 `` i do n't know yet . '' 
 `` one week ? '' 
 `` longer . '' 
 `` two weeks ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` a month ? '' 
 she could n't possibly intend to stay away an entire month . 
 he could n't bear it . 
 `` i. . . 
 i ca n't answer that . '' 
 it hit him then that she might not ever come back . 
 the realization stunned him . 
 `` this ... this is what you want ? '' 
 he asked . 
 tears filled her eyes . 
 `` i never dreamed it would end like this . '' 
 `` me , neither . '' 
 he sat up straighter . 
 `` will you keep in touch , let me know how you are , where you are ? '' 
 she did n't immediately agree . 
 `` okay , '' she finally said . 
 `` i 'll phone you . '' 
 in other words , she was n't willing to give him her contact information . 
 still , if that was all she 'd offer him , he 'd take it . 
 the alternative was too harsh to even think about . 
 `` i 'll leave in the morning , '' she said , and started to walk away . 
 bruce caught her hand . 
 `` give jolene time . 
 please . 
 she 'll come around . '' 
 `` no , i wo n't . '' 
 his daughter 's voice rang down the hallway . 
 despite the seriousness of the moment , rachel smiled . 
 `` she 's always had the best hearing of anyone i 've ever known . '' 
 bruce smiled , too , remembering the early days of their marriage when they 'd self-consciously tried to hide the fact that they were lovers from his daughter . 
 in retrospect it had been ridiculous . 
 they were n't fooling anyone , certainly not jolene . 
 `` i 'm sorry , bruce , '' she whispered . 
 `` i am , too . '' 
 it occurred to him that she might need help . 
 `` you 'll call if you need anything , right ? 
 you 'll keep in touch ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 he 'd go mad if she did n't . 
 he could n't believe he was actually letting her walk out the door , not knowing where she intended to live or how long she 'd stay away . 
 this was n't supposed to happen . 
 not to rachel and him . 
 `` i 'll be in touch , '' she promised . 
 `` can i hold you ? '' 
 she considered his request , tears brightening her eyes , then slowly nodded . 
 wrapping his arms around her , bruce held her close , savoring the feel of her in his arms . 
 `` i do n't know if i can let you go , '' he whispered into her hair . 
 `` do n't , '' he said again . 
 `` please do n't do this . '' 
 her shoulders buckled in a sob . 
 `` this is n't what i want , either , but i do n't see any other alternative . '' 
 `` we 'll make it work , '' he said urgently . 
 `` we can . '' 
 `` i thought we could , too , but i was wrong . '' 
 she disentangled her arms and stepped away from him . 
 `` like i told you earlier , i 'm afraid all this stress is hurting the baby ... this is something i need to do for me and for our child . '' 
 `` but - '' `` please do n't make this any harder than it already is . '' 
 although it felt as if his chest was about to cave in , bruce nodded . 
 `` all right , go if you have to , but know that i 'll be here waiting when you 're ready to come back . '' 
 reaching out , he stroked her cheek and a tear ran down her face onto his hand . 
 leaning toward her , bruce kissed rachel goodbye . 
 his heart pounded with fear that this might be the last time he ever kissed his wife . 
